Perlman usually plays classical music but sometimes he plays jazz. He made an album made with jazz pianist Oscar Peterson, and klezmer. Perlman has been a soloist for a number of movie scores, including the score of the 1993 film "Schindler's List" by John Williams.

Perlman plays on a special Stradivarius violin called the "Soil Stradivarius", made in 1714. He also plays on a Guarneri del Gesu made about 1743. 

In recent years, Perlman has also begun to conduct, taking the post of principal guest conductor at the Detroit Symphony Orchestra.

Perlman has made many recordings and received many great honours.

Perlman performed at Barack Obama's presidential inauguration. He joined cellist Yo-Yo Ma, pianist Gabriela Montero and clarinetist Anthony McGill. Together they played "Air and Simple Gifts", a new arrangement by John Williams based on the Shaker hymn "'Tis A Gift To Be Simple." 

Itzhak Perlman lives in New York City with his wife. They have five children.

Keep Holding On

"Keep Holding On" is a 2006 song by Avril Lavigne. It was on the "Eragon" soundtrack, as well as the album "The Best Damn Thing". It was Avril Lavigne's first CD song (but not CD single) released in North America since "Fall to Pieces". It was released in Australia on the iTunes Store as a digital download.

Telstra

Telstra is the national telecommunications service in Australia. It is a member of the S&P/ASX 20 and Australia's largest telecommunications company by market share. Telstra is the largest wireless carrier in Australia, with 18.8 million subscribers as of 2020. Telstra has a long history in Australia, originating together with Australia Post as the Postmaster-General's Department upon federation in 1901. Telstra has changed from a state-owned enterprise to a fully privatized company and has recently focused on diversified products and emerging technologies, according to technologists James Gilpin and Gerard Devan regarding the strategic direction of the giant Telco.

Maxim Vengerov

Maxim Vengerov (born 1974) is a famous Russian violinist/conductor.

Universally hailed as one of the world’s finest musicians, and often referred to as the greatest living string player in the world today, Grammy award winner Maxim Vengerov also enjoys international acclaim as a conductor and is one of the most in-demand soloists. 

Born in 1974, he began his career as a solo violinist at the age of five, won the Wieniawski and Carl Flesch international competitions at ages 10 and 15 respectively, studied with Galina Tourchaninova and Zakhar Bron, made his first recording at the age of 10, and went on to record extensively for high-profile labels including Melodia, Teldec and EMI, earning among others, Grammy and "Gramophone" artist of the year awards. 

In 2007 he followed in the footsteps of his mentor, the late Mstislav Rostropovich, and turned his attention to conducting and in 2010 was appointed the first chief conductor of the Gstaad Festival Orchestra. June 2014 saw Mr Vengerov graduate with a Diploma of Excellence" "from the Moscow Institute of Ippolitov-Ivanov with professor Yuri Simonov and he has since enrolled in a further 2-year program of opera conducting. 

In the 2016/17 season Mr Vengerov returned to Australia to open the season of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra and conducted the season finale of the Queensland Symphony Orchestra, with whom he is Artist in Residence this year. Further guest conducting engagements included the RTE Orchestra Dublin, Munich Philharmonic and Melbourne Symphony Orchestras. 

The coming 17/18 season will see Mr Vengerov return to Carnegie Hall with the Montreal Symphony Orchestra and premiere a new concerto at the Beijing Music Festival written for him by the renowned composer Qigang Chen before conducting Eugene Onegin in Brisbane and Moscow. He will also tour Europe, China and the US in recital.  

As one of Mr Vengerov’s greatest passions is the teaching and encouraging of young talent, he has held various teaching positions around the world and is currently Ambassador and visiting Professor of the International Menuhin Music Academy in Switzerland (IMMA) and as of September 2016, the Polonsky Visiting Professor of Violin at the Royal College of Music in London. 

In 1997 Mr Vengerov became the first classical musician to be appointed International Goodwill Ambassador by UNICEF. 

He plays the ex-Kreutzer Stradivari (1727).


Rudi Dutschke

Rudi Dutschke born Alfred Willi Rudi Dutschke (March 7, 1940 – December 24, 1979, Århus, Denmark) was a spokesperson of the left-wing German student movement of the 1960s. He famously split from those who went on to form the violent Red Army Faction. Instead he wanted to have 'a long march through the institutions' of power to create radical change from within government and society by becoming an important part of the machinery. This was an idea he took up from Antonio Gramsci and the Frankfurt School of Cultural Marxism.

In 1968, he survived an assassination attempt which seriously injured him. He had to re-learn how to speak altogether. Because of this attempt, he developed epilepsy. He drowned in his bath tub 12 years later. This was caused by an epileptic seizure.

Sportswear

Sportswear is clothing, including footwear, worn for playing sports or to exercise.

Sportswear includes shorts, tracksuits, T-shirts, polo shirts and trainers. It also includes some underwear, such as the jockstrap. Sportswear is also often worn as casual fashion clothing.

Sports athletes wear a combination of different items of clothing such as sport shoes, pants and shirts. Some athletes wear personal armour such as helmets or American football body armour. 

Number (sports)

In team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number, is the number worn on a player's uniform. It distinguishes each player from others wearing the same uniform. This is so that officials, scorers and spectators have something to identify each player. The number is usually shown on the back of the jersey. The player's surname is often written above or below the number. Sometimes the number also displayed on the front or sleeves, or on the player's shorts or headgear.


Uniform number (Major League Baseball)

Uniform numbers are used to tell and identify different baseball players's and coach's. Over time, numbers can have a much more meaning to the player and fans. A number can be symbolic of a player's legacy, and has resulted in all kinds of superstition (or rumors). Uniforms numbers are put on the backs of baseball uniforms.

Many teams retire numbers of important players who used to play for their team. Retiring a number means that nobody on that team can use that number anymore. Players' numbers are not retired while they are still playing baseball.

The number "42" was retired by all of Major League Baseball in 1997 because it was used by Jackie Robinson, who was the first black player in Major League Baseball. Players who were already wearing #42 were allowed to keep using the number, but nobody else could use it. As of 2010, New York Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera was the last player using #42.

New York Knickerbockers (baseball)

The New York Knickerbockers were one of the first organized baseball teams who played the baseball rules that are still used today. The team was started by Alexander Cartwright, who is said to be one of the original developers of modern baseball.

In 1849, the New York Knickerbockers wore the first ever recorded baseball uniform. Their uniforms were pants made of blue wool, white flannel shirts and straw hats.

The team was based in New York City. It was established in 1845 and disestablished in the 1870s.


Los Angeles Dodgers

The Los Angeles Dodgers or LA Dodgers are the professional baseball team based in Los Angeles, California. They complete in Major League Baseball (MLB). The team played in the West Division of the National League. They play in Dodger Stadium. The team began play in Brooklyn, New York, starting in 1883. The team had several informal nicknames over the years, including the "Atlantics", the "Bridegrooms", the "Superbas" and the "Robins". The name "Dodgers" was first used in the 1890s. It was short for "Trolley Dodgers".

The Brooklyn Dodgers played in several ballparks. The most famous of them was Ebbets Field, their home from 1913 through 1958. In 1959 they moved to Los Angeles. They played in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for four years. In 1962 they opened Dodger Stadium, and have played there ever since.

The Dodgers have been to the World Series 22 times, and won it six times: 1955, 1959, 1963, 1965, 1981, 1988 and 2020. Most recently, they were in the World Series in 2017, 2018, and 2020 and lost the first two times to the Houston Astros and the Boston Red Sox, respectively. They defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in the 2020 World Series.

Many famous baseball players have played for the Dodgers, including:



Oakland Athletics

The Oakland Athletics, also known as the Oakland A's, are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Oakland, California. The Athletics are a member of the Western Division of the American League. From to today, the Athletics have played in Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum.

The Athletics were an original member of the American League in 1901, playing in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The name "Athletics" had been used by several other Philadelphia teams dating back to the 1860s. Most of the various "Athletics" teams wore a Gothic or Old English letter "A" on their uniforms. The current Athletics still often wear that old-style "A" or "A's" on their uniforms.

The old Athletics were very successful, winning several World Series championships. By the early 1950s, they were not playing well and the fans were no longer supporting them. So after over 50 years in Philadelphia, the Athletics moved to Kansas City, Missouri, in 1955. They were not very successful there, either. They moved again, to Oakland, in 1968. As the Oakland A's, they have won several World Series.

On November 16, 2023, MLB owners came together and approved a relocation of the Athletics to Las Vegas. A 33,000 seat domed ballpark is expected to be built in 2028 and the team will move in after its completion.


Pittsburgh Pirates

The Pittsburgh Pirates are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They play in the Central Division of the National League. They have won five World Series championships. The Pirates are also often called the Bucs or the Buccos. This is because the word "buccaneer" is slang for pirate.

The Pirates had success in the early 1990s. However, between 1993 and 2012, the Pirates did not have a winning season.

The Pirates play their home games at PNC Park in Pittsburgh. PNC Park is next to the Allegheny River, and downtown Pittsburgh can be seen from the stadium.

The Pittsburgh Pirates were formed in 1882. They first played their games across the river from downtown Pittsburgh, in an area that was then a separate city called Allegheny. The team was also called Allegheny, or "the Alleghenys". Around 1890, the city of Pittsburgh annexed Allegheny. The team was then renamed "Pittsburgh", with no nickname yet.

In 1891, the Pittsburgh team signed a contract with a player who had belonged to a team in another league. They were accused of "pirating" the player's contract. Soon after, the fans started calling the team "the Pirates". Later the team adopted the name as their official team name, the Pittsburgh Pirates.

The Pirates have won five World Series. They won their first in 1909, beating the Detroit Tigers. The Pirates also won World Series titles in 1925, 1960, 1971, and 1979. 

Some famous players for the Pirates have been Honus Wagner, Ralph Kiner, Roberto Clemente and Willie Stargell.


Coach

Coach could mean:






Rent (musical)

Rent is a rock musical. The music and lyrics were written by Jonathan Larson. The musical is based on the Italian opera, "La bohème". The musical opened on Broadway at the Nederlander Theatre on 29 April 1996. It closed on 7 September 2008 after a run of 5,123 performances. It opened on the West End in 2008. In 2005, it was adapted to a movie. "Rent" won the Tony Award for Best Musical and the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.


Coach (sport)

In sports, a coach or manager is a person who directs and trains a sports team or sportsperson. If there is a difference between coach and manager, it is this:
The borderline areas are selecting the team, and buying new players.


Manny Ramirez

Manuel Aristides "Manny" Ramírez Onelcida (born May 30, 1972 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former American Major League Baseball player. The Boston Red Sox traded Ramirez to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Jason Bay on July 31, 2008. He signed with the Tampa Bay Rays in 2011. He retired on April 8, 2011.

He is a nine-time Silver Slugger and one of twenty-four people to have hit over 500 career home runs. He is well recognized for his strong offensive abilities. Ramirez has the most career grand slams of any active baseball player, and has led the American League is three key batting measures: batting average, home runs and runs batted in. For the past ten years, Ramírez has been a fixture in the Midsummer Classic, and is an eleven-time All-Star. In 2004, he was named the Most Valuable Player of the World Series after helping the Red Sox win their first World Series championship in over 85 years.

Statistics of Ramirez as of June 6, 2008:


Leica

Leica could mean:

Alfonso Soriano

Alfonso Guilleard Soriano (born January 7, 1976) is a Dominican Republican professional Major League Baseball player. He currently is a free agent. He has used to play with the Hiroshima Toyo Carp, New York Yankees, Texas Rangers and Washington Nationals before the Cubs. He played as a second baseman for the Yankees and Rangers. He bats right-handed and has batted as a lead-off hitter for most of his career.


Linspire

Linspire, also known as LindowsOS (also Lin---s, pronounced "Lindash"), is a commercial Linux distribution based on Debian GNU/Linux (Ubuntu). Linspire is sold by Linspire, Inc. and is focused on ease-of-use for the average person, rather than catering to advanced needs. As of 2007-10-10, the most recent stable release of Linspire is version 6.0 which was released in October of 2007. Linspire is available to download and costs US$ 50.

Based in San Diego, California, Lindows, Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications. It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API emulation layer. The company later abandoned this approach in favor of attempting to make Linux applications easy to download, install and use. To this end a program named "CNR" was developed: based on Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool, it provides an easy-to-use graphical user interface and a slightly modified package system for an annual fee. The first public release of Linspire was version 1.0, released in late 2001.

Linspire's CNR (originally "Click'N'Run") is a software distribution service based on Debian's APT. It is designed to serve as a GUI-based, user-accessible means of downloading and installing various applications, both free and proprietary. The service allows users to install available applications using a single click. CNR also includes a set of "Click and Buy" (CNB) software, which includes many commercial applications to members at a discounted rate. Currently CNR has over 38,000 different software packages, ranging from simple applications to major commercial works such as Win4Lin and StarOffice. CNR was originally subscription-based with two tiers: "basic" service cost $20 annually, and "gold", featuring discounts on some commercial applications, $50. In 2006, Linspire announced that the "basic" service was to be made available for free.

CNR.com also provides access to thousands of Web-based Applications, providing the Linux community with the option of local Linux and Web Software, available through a single source (as of February 2008).
The same capabilities to browse and search the library of products with additional capabilities planned to improve the Web Software experience (bookmarking). The community will also have the capability to add new products to the already extensive library of applications available.

In August 2005, Andrew Betts released a Live CD based on Linspire and named "Freespire". Linspire, Inc. offered users a "free Linspire" (purchase price discounted to $0) by using the coupon code "Freespire" until September 9 2005. On April 24 2006, Linspire announced its own project named "Freespire". This follows the model of community-oriented releases by Red Hat and Novell in the form of Fedora and openSUSE. Freespire is a community-driven and -supported project tied to the commercial Linspire distribution, and includes previously proprietary software from Linspire, such as the CNR Client, while other elements, which Linspire, Inc. licenses but does not own, like the Windows Media Audio compatibility libraries, remain closed-source.

Linspire has drawn some criticism from the free software community. This has included anger for including proprietary software, with GNU founder Richard Stallman commenting: "No other GNU/Linux distribution has backslided so far away from freedom. Switching from MS Windows to Linspire does not bring you to freedom, it just gets you a different master."


Maemo

maemo (properly not capitalized ) is a project that oversees the development of the Internet Tablet OS and the maemo application development platform. The maemo project is paid for by Nokia.

The maemo SDK is based around the Debian-oriented Scratchbox Cross Compilation Toolkit, which provides a sandbox environment in which development may take place. Scratchbox uses Qemu to emulate an ARMEL processor or sbrsh to remotely execute instructions. Scratchbox-compatible rootstraps are available for both x86 and ARMEL, so the majority of development and debugging takes place on x86, with final packaging being for ARMEL.



MEPIS

MEPIS (pronunciation: meh-pis) is a set of Linux Distributions distributed as Live CDs. The most popular of these distributions is SimplyMEPIS. MEPIS distributions are based on Debian, some of them indirectly. For example, SimplyMEPIS 7.0 is based mainly on Debian, with additional source code from Ubuntu (which is also based on Debian). MEPIS distributions are created by Warren Woodford.

It can either be installed onto a hard drive or used as a Live CD, which makes it a boot disc for troubleshooting many operating systems. It includes KDE, the K Desktop Environment.

MEPIS was designed as an alternative to SUSE Linux, Red Hat Linux, and Mandriva Linux (formerly Mandrake) which, in the creator Warren Woodford's opinion, were too difficult for the average user. MEPIS's first official release was on May 10, 2003.

The most popular MEPIS distribution, SimplyMEPIS, is designed for everyday desktop and laptop computing. SimplyMEPIS 7.0 contains several new packages and features. It contains Linux 2.6.22 and OpenOffice.org 2.3.0. It was released on 2007-12-23.




St. Louis Cardinals

The St. Louis Cardinals (also called "the Cards" or "the Redbirds") are a Major League Baseball team based in St. Louis, Missouri. They are part of the Central Division in the National League. The Cardinals have won a National League record 11 World Series championships, second in Major League Baseball for most championships behind the New York Yankees, who have 27. They last won a World Series in 2011.

The Cardinals were started by the American Association in 1882 as the St. Louis Brown Stockings, who got their name from an earlier National League team. They joined the National League in 1892 and have been known as the Cardinals ever since 1900. The Cardinals began play in the current Busch Stadium in 2006, becoming the first team since 1923 to win the World Series in their first season in a new ballpark. They are the oldest current professional sports franchise west of the Mississippi River. The Cardinals have a strong rivalry with the Chicago Cubs that began in 1885.


NepaLinux

NepaLinux is a Debian and Morphix based Linux distribution focused on desktop usage in Nepali language computing. 

It contains applications for desktop users like OpenOffice.org, Nepali GNOME and KDE desktops, and a way for people to type Nepali text.
The development and distribution of NepaLinux is done by Madan Puraskar Pustakalaya. Version 1.0 was produced as part of the PAN Localization Project, with the support of the International Development Research Centre (IDRC) of Canada. NepaLinux is an effort of promoting Free and Open Source Software in Nepal.

In October 2007, NepaLinux was the joint recipient of the Association for Progressive Communications' annual APC FOSS prize.


Monsters, Inc.

Monsters, Inc. is a 2001 movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It was Pixar's fourth computer animated
Halloween movie. The movie was released to theaters by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on November 2, 2001. It was released in Australia on December 26, 2001 and in the United Kingdom on February 8, 2002.

"Monsters, Inc." had a 3D re-release in theaters on December 19, 2012. A prequel titled "Monsters University", which was directed by Dan Scanlon, was released on June 21, 2013. A television series titled "Monsters at Work" was released on Disney+ on July 7, 2021.

Monsters Inc. is a factory where monsters walk into the bedrooms of children at night to scare them and harvest their screams, which generate energy to power the city of Monstropolis.

The film begins when a monster named Thaddeus unsuccessfully scares a child. One of the things he did wrong was that he left the door open, which is the worst mistake a monster can make because a child can walk out of the room and into the Monsters Inc. factory. According to Mr. Waternoose, the CEO of Monsters Inc., human children are toxic and even a single touch can kill a monster. For this reason, he needs scarers that are tough and frightening, such as Sulley. Sulley is the top scarer at the company, thanks to his assistant Mike. Randall, at second place, will work hard to take the top spot away from Sulley.

Sulley and Mike get up that morning and head to Monsters Inc. for work. In the lobby, he sees his girlfriend Celia Mae, the receptionist at the company. This means she answers calls from other monsters who work there. Mike wishes Celia a happy birthday and wants to take her to a fancy sushi restaurant called Harryhausens.

Mike heads to the scare floor to begin his work day, and Sulley meets him there. After the monsters have been scaring for a while, Mr. Waternoose tells Jerry, the scare floor manager, told him that 58 doors were lost that week because children are becoming less scared of monsters. Therefore, the company is not producing enough energy to continue operating and Mr. Waternoose must find some other way to get the energy needed to save the company. Shortly after that, all the doors are returned to the door warehouse and all the monsters go home.

Mike rushes out of work to go out with his girlfriend, so he forgets to finish his paperwork. Sulley goes back to the scare floor to get his paperwork. He finds a door with flowers, and peaks inside. He notices a little girl, whom he calls Boo, playing with his tail. He tries to put her back in the room, but Randall appears and sends the door back to the door warehouse. Sulley places Boo in a suitcase and heads to Harryhousens to see Mike. He shows Mike Boo, but she escapes and runs around the restaurant, which led the CDA to evacuate the restaurant and decontaminate it. Mike and Sulley bring Boo home.

The next day, Sulley and Mike put a monster costume on Boo before taking her to work so that nobody will think that she is a human child. In the lobby, Mr. Waternoose tells Sulley to stop by the simulation room to show trainees how scaring should be done. Sulley and Mike go to the scare floor to see if her door is there and it wasn’t. Then, Boo runs off and Sulley looks for her. However, Mike couldn’t follow him because Celia got mad at him for ruining their birthday dinner. He tries to kiss her, but she slaps him. He then runs off looking for Sulley. Randall stops Mike and asks where Boo is. After Mike finds Sulley and Boo, they go back to the scare floor and find her door there. Mike goes into her room and jumps on her bed. Randall then captures him, sends the door back to the warehouse, and takes him to the basement.

In the basement, Randall builds a machine called a scream extractor, which he uses to harvest screams from children’s mouths. Sulley and Boo go to the basement to find Randall and Fungus using the scream extractor on Mike. Sulley unplugs the machine and Mike escapes. Randall, plugs the machine back in and notices that his assistant Fungus is using it. Mike and Sulley head to the simulation room where Sulley shows off his scaring abilities. Mike explains the situation to Mr. Waternoose, who takes Boo and promises to set things right. However, he reveals that he is working with Randall as his henchman. He kidnaps Boo and sends Mike and Sulley through a door that leads to the Himalayas.

In the Himalayas, Mike and Sulley meet a snowman monster named Yeti, who was also sent to the Himalayas. Yeti tells both of them that there is a village nearby. Sulley and Mike both go there and enter the factory through a door in one of the houses there. They go to the basement, where Mr. Waternoose and Randall are using the scream extractor on Boo. Sulley saves Boo. He breaks the machine and throws it at Randall and Mr. Waternoose. Sulley and Mike escape from Randall and head back to the scare floor to see if her door is there so that they can put her back in her room. On the way, Celia attacks Mike, slowing them down. Celia asks Mike to tell the truth about what happened or else they are breaking up. Mike tells her what happened, but she doesn’t believe him until she sees Boo. 

Mike and Sulley then ride doors through the door warehouse looking for Boo’s door, while being chased by Randall. After Randall attempts to defeat both of them multiple times, they trap him in a door that leads to a trailer. In the trailer, two people think he is an alligator and hit him multiple times with a shovel. After defeating Randall, they head back to the scare floor with Boo’s door. When they get back to the scare floor, Mr. Waternoose and the CDA are there waiting for them so that Waternoose can take Boo and the CDA can arrest Mike and Sulley. Mike distracts the CDA while Sulley and Boo escape, leading Mr. Waternoose into a scare simulation room. There, Sulley tricks Mr. Waternoose into revealing his conspiracy with Randall to kidnap thousands of children. Mike records the conversation, exposing him to the CDA, and Mr. Waternoose is arrested. Undercover CDA agent Roz allows Sulley to send Boo home, but has the door demolished.

Sulley discovers that laughter can save the company, as laughter is proven to be 10 times more powerful than screams. With that, Sulley takes the helm of Monsters Inc. as the new CEO. During the company’s first day of making children laugh, Mike and Sulley go to the simulation room to find Boo’s door put back together. Sulley enters it and sees Boo. At that point, the movie ends.

The idea for "Monsters, Inc." came during a lunch in 1994 attended by John Lasseter, Pete Docter, Andrew Stanton and Joe Ranft. One of the ideas that came out of the brainstorming session was a movie about monsters. "When we were making "Toy Story", Pete Docter claimed, "everybody came up to me and said that they totally believed that their toys came to life when they left the room. When Disney asked us to make more films, I wanted to tap into a child-like notion that was similar to "Toy Story". I knew monsters were coming out of my closet when I was a kid. So I decided monsters would be appropriate". Docter's original idea revolved around a 30-year-old man dealing with monsters (which he drew in a book as a boy) coming back to bother him as an adult. Each monster represented a fear he had, and conquering those fears caused the monsters eventually to disappear.

Pete Docter started working on the script in 1996. He completed a draft treatment in February 1997 with Harley Jessup, Jill Culton and Jeff Pidgeon. However, Sulley worked in the scream refinery before being changed to Monsters Inc.'s top scare producer. Also Boo was 6 years old, but was changed to 3 years. This was because "The younger she was, she became the more dependent on Sulley," claimed by Pete Docter. The initial story did not have the character of Mike Wazowski. Mike wasn't added to the story until in April 1998, when development artist Ricky Nierva drew a concept sketch of Mike and everyone liked it. Jeff Pidgeon and Jason Katz story-boarded a test in which Mike was helping Sulley choose a tie for work and Mike Wazowski soon became a vital character in the movie. Originally Mike had no arms, and had to use his legs as appendages, however due to technical difficulties arms were soon added. Billy Crystal had been approached to play Buzz Lightyear in the original "Toy Story", but turned down the offer. However, once he saw the film, he regretted not taking the part, and when he was approached to play Mike, he jumped at the offer. The film went into production in 2000.

One of the major breakthroughs of "Monsters, Inc." was the simulated movement of Sulley's fur and Boo's shirt. The animators would animate the characters "Bald and Naked". Once the animation was finished, a computer program aided by the "Simulation Department" would apply the hair and cloth onto the characters. If Sulley moved the hair would react to the movement just like it would in nature. The same goes for Boo's T-shirt that would produce wrinkles in the fabric. This would save the animators from animating the three million hairs on Sullivan individually.

Harryhausen's was originally going to be blown up but due to the September 11 attacks, the explosion was replaced with a plasma containment orb.

A lawsuit by Stanley Mouse alleged that the characters of Mike and Sulley were based on drawings he had tried to sell to Hollywood in 1998.



Durango

Durango is a state in northwest Mexico. About 1,510,000 people live there. Its capital is Victoria de Durango.

Girlfriend (disambiguation)

A girlfriend is a female friend or romantic partner.

Girlfriend may also mean:



Bohemian Rhapsody

Bohemian Rhapsody is a song by English rock band Queen. It was written by Freddie Mercury, and was released on their 1975 album "A Night at the Opera".

Though some artists had made video clips to accompany songs (including Queen themselves; for example, their earlier singles "Keep Yourself Alive", "Liar", "Seven Seas of Rhye" and "Killer Queen" already had "pop promos", as they were known at the time), it was only after the success of "Bohemian Rhapsody" that it became a regular practice for record companies to produce promotional videos for artists' single releases. "The Guardian" stated it "ensured videos would henceforth be a mandatory tool in the marketing of music". These videos could then be shown on television shows around the world, such as the BBC's "Top of the Pops", without the need for the artist to appear in person. A promo video also allowed the artist to have their music broadcast and accompanied by their own choice of visuals, rather than dancers such as Pan's People. According to May, the video was produced so that the band could avoid miming on "Top of the Pops" since they would have looked off miming to such a complex song. He also said that the band knew they would be set to appear at Dundee's Caird Hall on tour, a date which clashed with the programme, thus a promo would solve the issue. The video has been hailed as launching the MTV age.

The band used Trillion, a subsidiary of Trident Studios, their former management company and recording studio. They hired one of their trucks and got it to Elstree Studios, where the band was rehearsing for their tour. The video was directed by Bruce Gowers, who had directed a video of the band's 1974 performance at the Rainbow Theatre in London, and was recorded by cameraman Barry Dodd and assistant director/floor manager Jim McCutcheon. The video was recorded in just four hours on 10 November 1975, at a cost of £4,500. Gowers reported that the band was involved in the discussion of the video and the result, and "was a co-operative to that extent, but there was only one leader."
The video opens with a shot of the four band members standing in diamond formation with their heads tilted back in near darkness as they sing the "a cappella" part. The lights fade up, and the shots cross-fade into close-ups of Mercury. The composition of the shot is the same as Mick Rock's cover photograph for their second album "Queen II". The photo, inspired by a photograph of actress Marlene Dietrich, was the band's favourite image of themselves. The video then fades into them playing their instruments. In the opera section of the video, the scene reverts to the "Queen II" standing positions, after which they perform once again on stage during the hard rock segment. In the closing seconds of the video Roger Taylor is depicted stripped to the waist, striking the tam tam in the manner of the trademark of the Rank Organisation's Gongman, familiar in the UK as the opening of all Rank film productions.

All of the special effects were achieved during the recording, rather than editing. The visual effect of Mercury's face cascading away (during the echoed lines "Magnifico" and "Let me go") was accomplished by pointing the camera at a monitor, giving visual feedback, a glare analogous to audio feedback. The honeycomb illusion was created using a shaped lens. The video was edited within five hours because it was due to be broadcast the same week in which it was taped. The video was sent to the BBC as soon as it was completed and aired for the first time on "Top of the Pops" in November 1975.

This video was directed by Paul Rudish and released on December 22, 1996, the video is was based on the fairy tale "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" by Hans Christian Andersen, a broken toy soldier with one leg falls in love with a toy ballerina and protects her from an evil jack-in-the-box. Unlike the original story, this version has a happy ending. It was animated by Rough Draft Korea.

While, at first, record companies believed the song would not receive radio airplay due to its length (5 minutes and 55 seconds) and its difference to other songs of the time, it became #1 on many charts. It is now played on the radio in full-length.

School of Rock

School of Rock is a 2003 American musical comedy movie starring Jack Black.

Dewey Finn (Black) has been kicked out of his band. His roommate is a substitute teacher. Finn finds one of his requests for a private school and goes in his roommate's place as he needs the money for rent. He soon finds out that the school, in Woodbury, New York, has music lessons, so he enlists the class to become his band. They plan to perform at Battle of the Bands. However, his roommate's girlfriend finds out that Finn was impersonating her boyfriend and gets him kicked off the job. Finn is down until the kids get their own school bus, pick Finn up, and play at the concert. The band loses to another one, but Finn establishes a school for rock, and the kids come over to his place to take lessons.

On July 14, 2008 the "School of Rock 2" sequel was confirmed. In 2012, Jack Black said that a sequel is unlikely.


Bay Area Rapid Transit

Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) is a heavy rail public rapid transit system that serves the San Francisco Bay Area in northern California. It joins the cities of the East Bay, including Oakland, with San Francisco. Construction began in 1964. The first trains began running on September 11, 1972.
As of 2022, there are five main lines on the system. There are of track (using a wider-than-normal gauge of ). There are 50 stations. Like other rapid transit systems in the world, tracks are in underground tunnels in inner cities, and on elevated viaducts in suburban areas. In some places, they are in the middle of freeways. The busiest part of the system is the Transbay Tube, a underwater tunnel under the San Francisco Bay. Almost 150,000 people pass through the tube every day.

The fare which people pay to ride BART depends on how far they go. They first buy paper magnetic stripe cards inside the station. Then they insert this ticket into the gate, walk through the gate, and take the ticket out. They then get on board the train. Sometimes they have to change from one train to another to get to where they want to go. After they leave the train at their destination, they insert their ticket into the fare gate again to exit the station. Printed numbers on the card show how much money is left on the ticket. A passenger who enters and exits the same station will be charged an "excursion fare". As of July 26, 2023, the fare was $6.40.

In the 2000s, BART was expanded to reach San Francisco International Airport. It now goes as far as Millbrae. Two other branch lines have opened since then. In 2014, BART opened a short line to Oakland International Airport that uses trains pulled by cables. An extension of the Pittsburg line to Antioch, which opened in 2018, uses diesel multiple units on standard gauge tracks instead of the electric, broad-gauge trains used on the main lines. A project is also going on to expand the southern main line into San Jose. The entire extension was supposed to be completed in 2018. Instead, the first new stations were opened on June 13, 2020 after breakdowns in communication and testing with the line.

UMD

UMD could mean:


Universities:

Betty Davis

Betty Davis (July 26, 1944 – February 9, 2022) was an American funk-soul singer, famous in the 1970s. She was married to Miles Davis.

Davis died on February 9, 2022 at her home in Homestead, Pennsylvania from cancer at the age of 77.


Let Go

Let Go is singer Avril Lavigne's first album. It was released on June 04, 2002. It has sold 16 million copies, making it Lavigne's best-selling album so far.






Anshan (Persia)

Anshan (or Anzan, , modern: Tal-i Malyan) was an ancient town in what was then Elam empire (today's Iran) in the province Fars. The oldest settlement may have been as early as 5500 BC.

Anshan was later ruled by the Achaemenid dynasty and became one of the primary cities of the Persian Achaemenid Empire. The Persian prince Teispes (675-640 BC) conquered the city and called himself "king of the city of Anshan"

Anshan is a big archaeological place today containing around 200 hectares. Excavations (digs) carried out by the University of Pennsylvania took place in 1971, 1972, 1974, 1976 and 1978.

University of Maryland, College Park

The University of Maryland, College Park, often called simply the University of Maryland, is a public university in College Park, Maryland. It is the largest university in a group called the "University System of Maryland."

In 1856, the Maryland Agricultural College was chartered. Sixty years later, the state of Maryland took control of the college and renamed it Maryland State University. In 1920, it joined several professional schools in the area to become the University of Maryland. It joined the Association of American Universities in 1925.


Another Code: Two Memories

Another Code: Two Memories (called Trace Memory in North America) is an adventure video game made by CING and published by Nintendo on the Nintendo DS handheld.

"Another Code" is about a 13-year-old girl called Ashley Mizuki Robbins who goes to an island called "Blood Edward Island", an island near Washington after her dad sent her a package with a machine in it two days before her 14th birthday. She goes with her aunt Jessica, who raised her when her parents disappeared. When her dad is not there, Jessica goes looking for him, and Ashley eventually has to find them both. She meets a ghost named "D", and joins with him to search a mansion on the island.

More Brain Training from Dr. Kawashima: How Old Is Your Brain?

More Brain Training from Dr. Kawashima: How Old Is Your Brain? (known as Brain Age 2: More Training in Minutes a Day!) is a puzzle video game made by Nintendo on the Nintendo DS handheld. It's one of the best-selling DS games.

Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training: How Old Is Your Brain?

Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training: How Old Is Your Brain? (known as Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day!) is a puzzle video game made by Nintendo on the Nintendo DS handheld. It was released in 2006. It is one of the best-selling DS games. A second game: "", was released in 2007.

"Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training: How Old Is Your Brain?" uses educational puzzles that are math, word games, memorization games, and other kinds of games. The point of the game is to keep the player's brain young using these educational puzzles. The player is supposed to try and keep their brain at 20, which the game says is the perfect age. It's based on a book by Ryuta Kawashima. The DS is held like a book on its side with the top screen on the left and the bottom screen on the right (opposite for lefties).

The Brain Age Check lets the player check how old he or she is by doing puzzles.

The Training mode lets the player play most of the puzzles without doing a Brain Age Check.

The Sudoku mode was added to the non-Japanese versions of the game since it was so popular.

"Brain Age" was a popular game, and sold more than 3 million in Japan, 1 million in the United States, and 2 million in PAL regions.

Super Mario Strikers

Mario Smash Football (called Super Mario Strikers in North America) is a 2005 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. A sequel was made on the Wii called "Mario Strikers Charged Football".

Mario Strikers Charged

Mario Strikers Charged Football (called Mario Strikers Charged in North America) is a 2007 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Wii game console.

Clubhouse Games

Clubhouse Games is a 2006 video game published by Nintendo and developed by Agenda. It features 42 parlor games. It is for the Nintendo DS game console.


Halifax Explosion

The Halifax explosion took place on December 6, 1917 when the SS "Mont-Blanc", a French cargo ship loaded with explosives collided with the SS "Imo", a Norwegian ship in the harbour in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. 1,782 people were killed and over 9,000 people were injured. This was the largest man-made explosion in history until July 1945 when the first atomic bomb blew up. It is still the largest accidental explosion in history. People were said to hear it from over 100km away!


Kassite dynasty

The Kassite dynasty was ruled by the Kassites. They were an obscure mountain tribe who came to power in Babylon after the collapse of the First Dynasty of Babylon in 1595 following a Hittite sack of the city, and became rulers of northern Babylonia. 

The Kassites (Persian: کاسی‌ها) were an ancient people from Zagros mountains. Kassites were a federation of several nomadic tribes living in the Zagros mountains, in modern Loristan (Iran).

In the 18th century BCE, the Kassites started to infiltrate Mesopotamia, which was ruled by the successors of the famous king Hammurabi of Babylon (1792–1750). Kassites threatened Babylonia, which they captured in 1750 BC.

The Kassite dynasty dominated Mesopotamia from the 16th to the 12th century BC.

By turning southern Mesopotamia into a state, instead of a group of temple-cities, the Kassites made Babylonia an international power. They ruled Babylonia almost without interruption for about four hundred years — the longest rule by any dynasty in Babylonian history.

Kassite kings established trade and diplomacy with Assyria, Egypt, Elam and the Hittites. The Kassite royal house intermarried with their royal families. There were foreign merchants in Babylon and other cities. Babylonian merchants traded from Egypt (a source of Nubian gold) to Assyria and Anatolia. Kassite weights and seals, the tools of trade, have been found in Thebes in Greece, in southern Armenia, and even in a shipwreck off the southern coast of today's Turkey.

The Kassite kings set up a network of provinces administered by governors. Nippur, a formerly great city, had been virtually abandoned. It was rebuilt in the Kassite period, and became the most important provincial center. Under the Kassite government, the governor of Nippur ruled as a secondary (lesser) king. Some 13th century Kassite kings even took the title 'Governor of Nippur' for themselves.

The Elamites conquered Babylonia in the 12th century , thus ending the Kassite state. The last Kassite king, Enlil-nadin-ahi, was taken to Susa and imprisoned there, where he died. However, Kassites survived as a distinct ethnic group in the mountains of Lorestan long after the Kassite state collapsed.


Rhythm Tengoku

"Rhythm Tengoku" is a level-based music mini-game collection which has a total of five normal levels and one remix level for every set of levels, which total eight sets, 48 levels in all. The game is set up with mostly different levels - for example, the first level has the player punch objects and the second level has the player pluck hairs out of an onion, both in the beat to the music that they use. The player has to beat one level to go onto to the next. When he or she has beaten all five levels in a set, a remix appears, which is a level that has the five levels in the set remixed into one, using a different song. "Rhythm Tengoku" starts with a Rhythm Test that checks how well the player's beat is.

In each level, the player's score at the end is figured out by how well he or she hits the beats. There are three types of hits:

At the end of the level, the player is awarded one of three ranks - High Level, Mediocre, and Redo. If the player gets anything but Redo, the level is cleared, and getting High Level in a level gets the player a Perfect Campaign, which unlocks stuff in the "Bonus Corner" depending on how many the player unlocks. 

After the player beats enough levels, the game lets him or her try to get a perfect score, which gets the player a heart on the level he or she beats. The game tells the player when a level can have a heart won on it.

Besides the main game, there are six side features - the Cafe, the Toys, the Games, the Drum Lessons, the Staff, and the Live mode. The Cafe is used for advice, while the Toys, Games, and Drum Lessons have unlockable mini-games that can be played. The Staff mode shows the game's credits, and Live is a mode where the player plays in a band and is the drummer.

The Drum Lessons mode teaches the player how to play the drums in "Rhythm Tengoku". The teacher, Drum Samurai, shows the player a short song that he or she must copy exactly. Drums use all of the buttons except for Start and Select, each button being a different part of the drum. The player is shown how well he or she did at the end and is given a rank. The drums can be played in the Studio mode, where the player can take any song in the game and play the drums to it. The drums are also used in the Live mode.

All music tracks in the game was made for it by Tsunku, the game's composer. Because the Game Boy Advance can only do so much, most of the music is limited, and only a few songs have lyrics.

A soundtrack was released on October 15, 2008 with 140 songs from this game and its sequel, "Rhythm Tengoku Gold".

Tsunku contributed more than 30 soundtracks, and worked with Nintendo's Yoshio Sakamoto in making the game. It was not known until the game's release that Tsunku was involved with the game, with the Drum Samurai being based on him. Because it was developed by R&D1, it looks like and plays like the "WarioWare" series.

"Rhythm Tengoku" has received many positive reviews. EuroGamer called it "effortlessly entertaining," or that the game was very fun without putting too much work into it. Edge said it was a best takes on rhythm games and one of the last good Game Boy Advance games.

"Rhythm Tengoku" received an Excellence Prize for Entertainment at the 10th annual Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006.

By the end of 2006, "Rhythm Tengoku" sold a total of 282,879 copies and was the 43rd best-selling game of that year.

Nintendo and Sega made an arcade version of "Rhythm Tengoku" that had multiplayer, which the Game Boy Advance version did not have. It has all the same levels as in the Game Boy Advance version, but it has a new mode that lets the first six games be played at a faster tempo.

Nintendo released a sequel to "Rhythm Tengoku" called "Rhythm Heaven" for the Nintendo DS. It's made by the same people who made this game. It uses the DS' touch screen instead of the buttons, and the DS is held sideways. While "Rhythm Tengoku" has only been sold in Japan, the second game came out in the United States, Europe, and Australia. Another game was made called "Rhythm Heaven Fever" for the Wii.


Rhythm Heaven

Rhythm Heaven is a music video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console. It is the sequel to "Rhythm Tengoku".

"Rhythm Heaven" only uses the touch screen on the DS to play the stages. In the stages, the player has to do what the game wants him or her to, like in a level where the player has a song in the background, and has to fill robots with a liquid to send it off. The robot goes on a conveyer belt, and the player has to drop the nozzle to the beat of the music and try to get it to land on its head. Then, the player has to hold it there until the robot fills up and flies away. If the player does it right, he or she gets a perfect hit. If the player overfills, underfills, or barely misses, it's a half-hit. If the player misses completely, it's a miss. At the end, the player is ranked, either getting a Perfect Level, Mediocre, or a Miss. The touch screen can do a lot of stuff, like a "flick" motion where the player flicks in a direction with the stylus or just touch the screen. The first stage has the player flicking a screw using a spring to the beat of the music. At the right moment, the player has to flick the screw into two squares as they roll down the level at the right time to make them come together. 

There's a mode called Guitar Lessons that's like the Drum Lessons in "Rhythm Tengoku".

Like in "Rhythm Tengoku", Tsunku made the music for this game. A soundtrack released on October 15, 2008 with 140 songs from this game and "Rhythm Tengoku", which came before this game.

Caricature

A caricature (from the Italian "caricatura", which means "loaded portrait") is a portrait or drawing of a person that exaggerates the way they look, usually to create a humorous effect, or a political statement.


Cincinnati Red Stockings

The Cincinnati Red Stockings of 1869 were baseball's first all-professional team. The team is in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Cincinnati Base Ball Club started in 1866 and played teams in the National Association of Base Ball Players 1867 to 1870. In 1969, Major League Baseball played those events officially by starting professional baseball.

The Red Stockings established styles in team uniforms and team nicknames that have some currency even in the 21st century. They also have a particular color, red, as the color of Cincinnati (and serve as the use of "Red Sox" in Boston as well).


Eddie Gaedel

Edward Carl "Eddie" Gaedel (June 8, 1925– June 18, 1961) is a former professional baseball player. Gaedel played in his only major league game on August 19, 1951, against the Detroit Tigers. He got walked on four pitches in a row and was taken out of the game. Gaedel was officially listed as standing and weighing .


Phở

Phở is a traditional Vietnamese rice-noodle soup dish. It is served in a cup of tea. It has white rice noodles in beef broth with thin cuts of beef, vegetable, and spice such as chili or chili sauce. Sometimes, frog legs, shark intestines, snake heads, tendon, tripe, meatballs, chicken leg, chicken breast, or other organs (heart, liver, etc.) are also available. Pho that is cooked with chicken instead of beef is called phở gà.

Phở is a very popular food in Vietnam. It was brought to many other countries when Vietnamese immigrants and refugees moved to those places.

A special kind of noodle called "bánh phở" that is made from rice is used to make phở. It is flat and white.

The broth is usually made from beef bones. Meat can also be used to make the broth. Also there are many spices (ginger, cardamom, cinnamon, star anise, clove) that are boiled too to make the broth.

Onions, basil, chilis, and other vegetables can be added.

Sriracha (chili) sauce and hoisin sauce can be added to the phở. Some people also like to squeeze lime juice into their phở.


Company

A company is a type of business. The definition of the term varies by country. Some companies, usually larger ones, are organized as corporations. It is often a business organization which makes goods or services in an organized manner and sells them to the public for profit. It may also be a non-profit organization. A company may hire people to be the staff of the company.

The term is also used more broadly for any group who work together, such as the crew of a ship or the cast of a play.

Anti-social behaviour order

An ASBO, or an Antisocial behaviour order, is a British legal term for an order that is sometimes served on people who often behave badly and have many complaints made against them because of their behaviour. The order is designed to stop them from being anti-social, which means causing distress or alarm (among other things) to other people that do not live in the same place as themselves, according to the Crime & Disorder Act. 1998. ASBO's were ended and replaced with "Injunctions" in 2015

Some types of anti-social behaviour are:

An ASBO prohibits people from doing certain things, in certain times, in certain places. For instance, it might ban a person from gathering with certain friends in the park after 8 o'clock if that group of people have previously caused trouble together.

There is also something called an ABC, which stands for an Acceptable Behaviour Contract, and are often used to make sure people try to be "nice". It is flexible, and can be used in serious situations as well as low key ones.

Sometimes the ASBO can seem quite unusual when it is used to stop certain people from doing things, for example:

Foibe massacres

The Massacres of Foibe are the mass killings in which the majority of victims were ethnic Italians in 1943, after the capitulation of Italy on 8 September, and in 1945, when Yugoslav partisans under the command of Tito occupied parts of Venezia Giulia, Istria and Dalmatia. Historians have claimed the violence and consequent Italian Istrian-Dalmatian exodus was a planned ethnic cleansing. National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe is Italian celebration in memory of the victims.
The estimate is several thousand killed Italian citizens. According to a report issued in 2000 by a mixed Slovene-Italian historical commission established in 1993, the number of people missing from the region, most of whom finished in the "foibe", local geological clefts, range from 1,300 to 1,600 but this estimate does not include those killed in current Croatian territory. Some of them were court-martialed fascists or enemy soldiers, but many civilian persons were also killed. The great majority of the persons killed were of Italian nationality.

The killings beginning after the capitulation of Italy in 1943, and the massacres of 1945 occurred partly under conditions of guerrilla fighting of Slovenian and Croatian partisans with the German and remaining Italian Fascist forces, and partially after the occupation of the territory by the army formations of Yugoslavia. Killings may have included war crimes as well as civilian crimes of private or political retaliation, as well as "political cleansing" and planned ethnic cleansing since 1947. Also Italian communists with Slav partisans killed Italian people; in addition to the foibe, several other carnages committed by Italian communist partisans under Palmiro Togliatti's command in the resistance movement have remained unacknowledged and undiscussed for many years.
Victims were not all Italians because many killed citizen were anticommunist Croats and Slovenes: many women were raped before killing. Historians like Raoul Pupo or Roberto Spazzali estimated the total number of victims at about 5,000; Guido Rumici calculates from 11,000 upwards including all people died in concentration camps; Giampaolo Pansa calculates around 15,000 people died in concentration camps; fascist politician and historian Giorgio Pisanò calculated total from 10,000 upwards. It was never possible to extract all the thousands of corpses from foibes because some of them are deeper than several hundred meters. Until few years ago it had been able to extract from the pits just a small number of bodies, less than six hundred while other sources are attempting to compile lists of locations and possible victim numbers. Almost all historians calculate hundreds of victims were assassinated by hard pushes to foibe while the estimated number of total people killed in concentration camps is disputed and varies in thousands; probably only some of the bodies were hidden in foibe but a lot of bodies were accumulated in mass graves. Main concentration camps were in: Borovnica, Skofja Loka, Osijek, Stara Gradiska, Sisak, Zemun, Vrsac, Osseh, Aidussina, Maribor.


No investigation of the crimes had been initiated either by Italy, Yugoslavia or any international bodies, until after Slovenia became an independent country in 1991. Italian-Slovene relations in the relevant period (1880s to 1950s) have been under intensive study by historians since 1990. A joint report by a commission of historians from both countries was published under the auspices of the two governments in the year 2000. The report puts the Italian-Slovenian relations in a wider context. It touches also on the question of mass killings associated with the "foibe". As no exact count was ascertained, the report includes a wording of "hundreds of victims," referring to the territory relevant for Italo-Slovenian relations, and thus excluding the Croatian territories.

Even since Slovenia joined the European Union the relations between the two nations are a matter of political debate. The debate gained high visibility after the Italian Parliament, under Prime Minister Berlusconi and his coalition partners of centre-right provenance, made 10 February a "National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe", first celebrated in Trieste in 2005. The 2005 celebration of the "Memorial Day" was accompanied by an RAI TV movie production The Heart in the Pit (It: "Il Cuore nel Pozzo") . The movie was viewed by 17 million spectators on its first broadcasting in Italy alone.

Many Italians were forced to leave the country after massacres. Economic insecurity, fear of further retaliation and the change of regime that eventually led to the Iron Curtain splitting the Trieste-Istria region, resulted in approximately 350,000 people, mostly Italians, leaving territories in Istria and Dalmatia. The inhabitants of territories that were under Italian rule since World War I according to the Treaty of Rapallo of 1920, later assigned to Yugoslavia by the Paris Peace Treaty of 1947-02-10 and the London Memorandum of 1954 were given a choice of opting to leave (optants) or staying. These exiles were to be given compensation for their loss of property and other indemnity by the Italian state under the terms of the peace treaties.

On February 18, 1983, Yugoslavia and Italy signed a treaty in Rome where Yugoslavia agreed to pay 110 million USD for the compensation of the exiles' property which was confiscated after the war. By the time of its breakup in 1991 Yugoslavia had paid 18 million USD. Slovenia and Croatia, two Yugoslav successors, agreed to share the remainder of this debt. Slovenia assumed 62% and Croatia the remaining 38%. Italy did not want to reveal the bank account number so in 1994 Slovenia opened a fiduciary account at Dresdner Bank in Luxembourg, informed Italy about it and started paying its 55,976,930 USD share. The last payment was paid in January 2002. Until today Croatia hopes for a different solution of this matter and has not paid. The Italian side has not withdrawn a single dollar from the account yet.

In 1992 Italian judge Giuseppe Pittitto started a criminal trial after a complaint against suspected Slav criminals of war. Oscar Piskulic and Ivan Motika were both principal accused but they were discharged because territorial jurisdiction was rejected and they received acquittal under the amnesty of 1959. In 1997 some Italian deputies pressed their government for extradition of suspected Slav criminals but diplomatic problems stopped Italian action. All Italian historians consider Josip Broz Tito the chief of Slav criminals, but his corpse still stays in a mausoleum.




Report of the Italian-Slovene commission of historians (in three languages)



Istrian–Dalmatian exodus

Istrian-Dalmatian exodus was the diaspora or forced migration of ethnic Italians from Istria, Fiume, and Dalmatia, after World War II. Those territories had been ethnically mixed since the Middle Ages. Most people were Italians, but there were also Slovenian, Croatian, Serbian and other communities.

National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe is Italian celebration in memory of all exiles and victims in the massacres of Foibe.

Istria including Fiume (Rijeka) and parts of Dalmatia including Zara (zadar), had been annexed to Italy after World War I. At the end of World War II the former Italian territories in Istria and Dalmatia became part of Yugoslavia by the Paris Peace Treaty (1947), with the only exception being the communes of Muggia and San Dorligo della Valle.

Italian sources claim that about 350,000 ethnic Italians had to leave the areas after the conflict. Official data shows that between 1948 and 1961 (the "exodus" started in 1943 in Dalmatia and in 1945 in the rest of the territory) the numbers of ethnic Italians living in Slovenia - almost exclusively in Slovenian Istria and along the Italian border - decreased by nearly 87% (from 25,451 to 3,072). The data for the Former Yugoslavia shows a decrease in the same years from 113,278 to 25,615. According to Slovenian historian Matjaž Klemenčič, ""in 1953 only 36,000" (Italians) "lived in the region of former Yugoslavia, i.e. 16% of the Italian population before World War II. Italians also emigrated in later decades (most of them to Australia, Canada, South America or the USA). Therefore their population declined in each subsequent census until 1981. We have to emphasize that the data of the Yugoslav census are unreliable in relation to the real number if Italians, since many members of the Italian minority, for various reasons, chose 'Nationality Undeclared' or their regional identity (most as 'Istrians'). In the 1991 census there was a relatively large increase of Italians," (19,213 in the Regions of autochthonous settlements of Italians in Croatia) "compared to 1981 census" (15,132). "Many Italians who in previous census did not declare as such, declared themselves 'Italians' in 1991 because they counted on the help of Italy in forthcoming crises in the region"".

In some municipalities in Croatia in Slovenia, census data shows that there are still many Italians living in Istria, such as 66% of the population of Grisignano (519 Italians), 41% at Bertoniglia (652 Italians) and nearly 40% in Buie (2,118 Italians).

The Italians in coastal Slovenia and Croatia were mostly an indigenous population (in 1910 they accounted for more than a third of the local inhabitants, while in Istria they were nearly 55%), bolstered by new arrivals or the so called "regnicoli", never well liked by the slavs by the indigenous Venetian-speaking Istrians, who arrived between 1918-1943, when Istria, Fiume, part of Dalmatia, and the islands of Cres (Cherso), Lussino, Lagosta, and Pelagosa (Palagruža) were part of Italy. The Austrian 1910 census indicated about 182,500 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia: 137,131 in Istria, 28,911 in Fiume/Rijeka (1918), 11,487 in Zara/Zadar, 5,000 in Dalmatia, while the Italian 1936 census indicated about 230,000 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia, then part of the Italian state (ca. 194,000 in today’s Croatia and ca. 36,000 in today’s Slovenia). From the end of World War II until 1953, according to various data, between 250,000 and 350,000 people emigrated from these regions. Some thousands were Slovenes and Croats who opposed the Communist government in Yugoslavia, while most were ethnic Italians, the so-called "optanti" emigrants who were living permanently in this region on 10 June 1940 and who expressed their wish to obtain Italian citizenship and emigrate to Italy. The emigration of Italians greatly reduced the total population of the region and totally altered its ethnic structure.

In 1953, officially, only 36,000 Italians lived in Yugoslavia, 16% of the Italian population before World War II. In its 1996 report on 'Local self-government, territorial integrity and protection of minorities' the Council of Europe's European Commission for Democracy through Law (the Venice Commission) put it that "a great majority of the local Italians, Italianites (of Slavic and other origin), many thousands of Slovenes and of nationally undefined bilingual 'Istrians' used their legal right from the peace treaty to 'opt out' of the Yugoslav controlled part of Istria. In several waves they moved to Italy and elsewhere (also overseas) and claimed Italian or other citizenship. The mass exodus of the optanti (or "esuli" as they were called in Italy) from 'godless communist Yugoslavia' was actively encouraged by the Italian authorities, Italian radio and the Roman Catholic bishop of Trieste. After this huge drain, the numerical strength of the remaining Italian minority became stable".

Evidence of Italic people living alongside those from other ethnic groups on the eastern side of the Adriatic as far north as the Alps goes back at least to the Bronze Age. A 2001 population census counted 23 languages spoken by the people of Istria. Istria and Dalmatia were fully latinized at the fall of the Roman empire in the fifth century.

From the Middle Ages onwards numbers of Slavic people near and on the Adriatic coast were increasing, due to their expanding population and due to pressure from the Turks pushing them from the south and east. This led to Italic people becoming ever more confined to urban areas in Dalmatia, while the countryside was populated by Slavs, with certain isolated exceptions. But Istria remained fully Italian until the Ottoman invasion in the sixteenth century.

The original majority Italian population suffered economic and political disadvantages, which gradually increased with the Austro-Hungarian empire in the 19th century. This created emigration: in Dalmatia the Dalmatian Italians were 25% in 1815, but a century later in 1915 they were only 2%.

In 1915, the Italians attacked the Austro-Hungarian Empire leading to bloody conflict mainly on the Isonzo and Piave fronts. Britain, France and Russia had been "keen to bring neutral Italy into World War One on their side. Italy however drove a hard bargain, demanding extensive territorial concessions once the war had been won". In a deal to draw Italy into the war, under the London Pact, Italy was granted Trentino, Trieste, (the German-speaking) South Tyrol, and Istria including large non-Italian communities. But Dalmatia was excluded, as was Rijeka. In Dalmatia, not granted to Italy by the London pact, Italy gained the city of Zadar and some islands.

After World War I, under the Treaty of Rapallo between the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later Kingdom of Yugoslavia) and the Kingdom of Italy (12 November 1920), Italy obtained all of Istria with Trieste, the exception being the island of Krk and part of Kastav commune, which went to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. By the Treaty of Rome (27 January 1924) the Free state of Fiume was split between Italy and Yugoslavia.

After the Wehrmacht invasion of Yugoslavia (6 April 1941), the Italian zone of occupation was further expanded. Italy annexed large areas of coastal Yugoslavia (including most of coastal Dalmatia) and Slovenia (including its capital Ljubljana).

After the Second World War, there were large-scale movements of people choosing to move to Italy rather than live in Yugoslavia. In Yugoslavia, the people who left were called "optanti", which translates as 'choosers', while they call themselves "esuli" or exiles. Their motives for leaving may have been fear of reprisals and murders, economic motives, or ethnically based.

When the Fascist regime collapsed in 1943 reprisals against Italian fascists and civilians (even Italian communists) took place. At least 200 Italians were killed by Tito's resistance movement in September 1943; some had been connected to the fascist regime, while others were victims of personal hatred or the attempt of the partisan resistance to get rid of its real or supposed enemies. These events took place in central and eastern Istria, as well as in Slovenian Primorska.<br>The second wave of anti-Italian violence took place after occupation of Slav army in May 1945. This was known as the foibe massacres; actually it was a repeat of what had been already begun in 1943 but in larger scale.

Many Italian sources claim that these killings were ethnic cleansing and genocide: Italian people were forced to mass migration by Tito supporters.
The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission, established in 1995 by the two governments to investigate the matters, described the 1945 killings:

The number of victims is not certain. The Italian historian Raoul Pupo suggests 4,500 were killed (including the events of 1943), mostly Italians, but many bodies wearing Partisan uniforms were found as well, so the number is subject to many interpretations. Other sources suggest numbers reaching up to 30,000 killed or missing.

Economic insecurity, ethnic hatred and the international political context that led to the Iron Curtain resulted in about 350,000 people, mostly Italians, choosing to leave the region. The London Memorandum of 1954 gave to the ethnic Italians the choice of either opting to leave (the so-called "optants") or staying. These exiles were to be given compensation for their loss of property and other indemnity by the Italian state under the terms of the peace treaties. Following the exodus, the areas were settled with Yugoslav people.

The exodus took place between 1943 and 1960; Italians allege that most of their numbers left in

The first period took place after the surrender of the Italian army and the beginning of the first wave of anti-fascist violence.

The second period was soon after the end of the war and approximately around the time of the second wave of anti-fascist violence. The Wehrmacht was engaged in a front-wide retreat from the Yugoslav Partisans, along with the local collaborationist forces (the Ustaše, the Domobranci, the Chetniks, and units of Mussolini's puppet Italian Social Republic).

The third period took place after the Paris peace treaty, when Istria was assigned to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, except for a small area in the northwest part that formed the independent Free Territory of Trieste. The fourth period took place after the Memorandum of Understanding in London. It gave provisional civil administration of Zone A (with Trieste), to Italy, and Zone B to Yugoslavia: in 1975 the Treaty of Osimo finally divided the former Free Territory of Trieste.

Several estimates of the exodus by historians:

The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission verified 27,000 Italian and 3,000 Slovene migrants, but only from Slovenian territory.

In the list are persons who worked in other places before the war and are also considered exiles due to their properties being confiscated by the communist dictatorship under Josip Broz. Famous postwar exiles from territories include:

On February 18, 1983 Yugoslavia and Italy signed a treaty in Rome. Yugoslavia agreed to pay US$110 million for the compensation of the exiles' property which was confiscated after the war in the Zone B of Free Territory of Trieste. Up to its breakup in 1991, Yugoslavia had paid US$18 million. Slovenia and Croatia, two Yugoslav successors, agreed to share the remainder of this debt. Slovenia assumed 62% and Croatia the remaining 38%. Italy did not want to reveal the bank account number so in 1994 Slovenia opened a fiduciary account at Dresdner Bank in Luxembourg, informed Italy about it and started paying its US$55,976,930 share. The last payment was due in January 2002. Until today, the solution of the matter between Croatia and Italy has been delayed. None of the refugees from the Free Territory of Trieste saw a single penny so far.

It has been established that Foibe massacres were been used by Slav communists for ethnic-political cleansing. In fact, foibe massacres and exodus were described as a democide and an ethnic-political cleansing by Italian president Giorgio Napolitano.

Slovenian historian Darko Darovec writes:
For the mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission:





Kochi, India

Kochi is a city in the state of Kerala, in India. It used to be called Cochin. It is also called the "Queen of the Arabian Sea". 
The city has the second-highest population in the state after the capital city of Kerala, Trivandrum. Kochi is the financial and commercial hub of the state. 

Kochi has a very old synagogue. It is usually called by the name Ernakulam, which is the mainland part of the city. 

Most regions in Kochi are at sea level. It has a coastline of almost . Kochi is the seat of the High Court of Kerala. 
Kochi was an important spice trading centre on the west coast of India from the 14th century onward, and maintained a trade network with Arab merchants from the pre-Islamic era. Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503, Kochi was the first of the European colonies in colonial India. It remained the main seat of Portuguese India until 1530, when Goa was chosen instead. The city was later occupied by the Dutch and the British, with the Kingdom of Cochin becoming a princely state. 
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala. The city was ranked the sixth best tourist destination in India according to a survey by the Nielsen Company on behalf of the Outlook Traveller magazine. 
Kochi was one of the 28 Indian cities among the emerging 440 global cities that will contribute 50% of the world GDP by the year 2025, in a 2011 study done by the McKinsey Global Institute. In July 2018, Kochi was ranked the topmost emerging future megacity in India by global professional services firm JLL.

Italian cultural and historic presence in Dalmatia

Italian cultural and historic presence in Dalmatia is related to the Italian influence in Dalmatia (now divided between Croatia, Herzegovina and Montenegro) from the historical and cultural points of view.

The historical influence from the Italian peninsula in Dalmatia started with the Roman conquest of Illyrian Dalmatia. The historian Theodore Mommsen stated in his book "History of Rome" that all Dalmatia was fully Romanised and Latin speaking by the fourth century.

The actual Dalmatians may in part trace their origins back to the Romanised Illyrians during the "Barbarian Invasions" of the fifth and sixth centuries when Avars with some Slavs invaded Illyria. This invasion opened the way to the settlement of different Slavic tribes (mainly the "Croats").

During those years the original Latin population took refuge in the coastal cities and in the islands, whilst other migrated to the mountains (they were later called "Morlachs"). So, in the early Middle Ages, the coastal area of Dalmatia retained its original Latinized culture, mainly on the islands and cities such as Zara, Spalato, Ragusa and Cattaro. These cities during the Middle Ages were called "Citta' marittime di Dalmazia" (Dalmatian maritime neolatin cities) and maintained deep cultural and commercial links with the Italian mainland, thanks to intense commerce through the Adriatic sea.

Starting from the tenth century the Republic of Venice imposed its influence on Dalmatia, gradually assimilating the neolatin Dalmatians while the local Slavs maintained their language.

The Republic of Venice controlled most of Dalmatia from 1420 to 1797. During that period, part of its Slavic population was italianised. The Venetian possessions were called "Venetian Dalmatia" and enjoyed a flourishing period of economic bonanza with huge development of the arts and culture. Dalmatia was greatly influenced by the Italian Renaissance and many buildings, churches and cathedrals were done in those years, from Zara and Spalato to Sebenik and Ragusa.

In these centuries, the Venetian language became the "lingua franca" of all Dalmatia, assimilating the Dalmatian language of the Romanised Illyrians and influencing partially the coastal Croatian language ("Chakavian") and the Albanian language.

Zara was the capital of the Venetian Dalmatia, a role that it has maintained through the successive centuries (during WWII it was the capital of the Italian "Governatorato di Dalmazia").
In those centuries, the most southern area of Dalmatia was called Albania veneta, now called coastal Montenegro.

After the fall of the Republic of Venice in 1797 to the Napoleon Armies, the Dalmatia was incorporated briefly (1805-1809) in the "Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy". In those years the scholastic system was expanded to all the population (following the ideals of the French Revolution) and the Italian language was instituted as the official language in the schools of Dalmatia.

When Austria occupied Dalmatia there was a revival of the Slav people inside Dalmatia. As a consequence, the Italian (venetian speaking) population, that was (according to the Italian linguist Bartoli) nearly one third of the Dalmatians in the second half of the XVIII century, according to the Austrian census decreased from 22% in 1816 to 12.5% in 1853 and a mere 2.9% in 1910.

After WWI, by the Treaty of London, Italy obtained Zara and some northern Dalmatian islands (Cherso and Lussino). During WWII the Kingdom of Italy annexed, to the newly created "Governatorato di Dalmazia", most of Dalmatia. In 1942 there were 4020 Italians in these newly annexed areas: 2220 in Spalato (Split), 300 in Sebenico (Sibenik), 500 Cattaro (Kotor) and 1000 Veglia (Krk). Furthermore there were in the Governatorato 10000 Italians who took the Yugoslav citizenship after WWI, in order to remain there and be accepted without problems by the new Yugoslavian regime after the fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.

After WWII Italy lost all the territories in Dalmatia, and more than 22000 Dalmatian Italians exiled mainly in Italy. There are still some Dalmatian Italians in Dalmatia: 300 in Croatia and 500 in Montenegro. In Zara the small Dalmatian Italian community only in September 2012 has been allowed to have a kindergarten for Italian speaking children 

That means that in only one hundred years (from the 1850s to the 1950s) the Dalmatian Italians decreased from 45000 in the 1857 Austrian Census to less than one thousand in the last Croatian and Montenegrin Census.

The cultural influence from the Italian peninsula is extremely important in Dalmatia since the Roman times. It has increased to influence totally the dalmatian culture during the times of the Republic of Venice and the Italian Renaissance.
Indeed, the "British Encyclopedia" states that: ""the monuments left in Dalmatia by the Romans are numerous and precious. They are chiefly confined to the cities; for the civilization of the country was always urban, just as its history is a record of isolated city-states rather than of a united nation. Beyond the walls of its larger towns, little was spared by the barbarian Goths, Avars and Slavs; and the battered fragments of Roman work which mark the sites of Salona, near Spalato, and of many other ancient cities, are of slight antiquarian interest and slighter artistic value. Among the monuments of the Roman period, by far the most noteworthy in Dalmatia, and, indeed, in the whole Balkan Peninsula, is the Palace of Diocletian at Spalato. Dalmatian architecture was influenced by Constantinople in its general character from the 6th century until the close of the tenth. The oldest memorials of this period are the vestiges of three basilicas, excavated in Salona, and dating from the first half of the 7th century at latest. Then from Italy came the Romanesque. The belfry of S. Maria, at Zara, erected in 1105, is first in a long list of Romanesque buildings. At Arbe there is a beautiful Romanesque campanile which also belongs to the 12th century; but the finest example in this style is the cathedral of Trail. The 14th century Dominican and Franciscan convents in Ragusa are also noteworthy. Romanesque lingered on in Dalmatia until it was displaced by Venetian Gothic in the early years of the 15th century. The influence of Venice was then at its height. Even in the relatively hostile republic of Ragusa the Romanesque of the custom-house and Rectors' palace is combined with Venetian Gothic, while the graceful balconies and ogee windows of the Prijeki closely follow their Venetian models. In 1441 Giorgio Orsini of Zara, summoned from Venice to design the cathedral of Sebenico, brought with him the influence of the Italian Renaissance. The new forms which he introduced were eagerly imitated and developed by other architects, until the period of decadence - which virtually concludes the history of Dalmatian art - set in during the latter half of the 17th century. Special mention must be made of the carved woodwork, embroideries and plate preserved in many churches. The silver statuette and the reliquary of St Biagio at Ragusa, and the silver ark of St Simeon at Zara, are fine specimens of Italian jewellers' work, ranging in date from the 11th or 12th to the 17th century"".

In the XIX century the cultural influence from Italy originated the creation in Zara of the first dalmatian newspaper, edited in Italian and Croat: "Il Regio Dalmata - Kraglski Dalmatin". It was founded and published by the Italian Bartolomeo Benincasa in 1806.

The Regio Dalmata - Kraglski Dalmatin was stamped in the tipography of Antonio Luigi Battara and was the first done in Croat language.

The cultural influence from Italy is clearly evident in the urbanization plans of the main Dalmatian cities in the XIX/XX centuries. One of the best examples is the one of Split/Spalato.

In 1880 Antonio Bajamonti (the last Dalmatian Italian Major of Spalato under Austrian rule) developed an urbanization project of this city centered on the "Riva", a seaside walkway full of palms based on the Italian Riviera models. Even today the Riva (with cafe bars) is used by the locals to stroll in a typical Italian way from the "Palace of Diocletian" toward an old square called locally "Pjaca" (or square in venetian).

Even in music the Italian influence was very strong in Dalmatia 

An enduring example of the Italian cultural and historic presence in Dalmatia is the small town of Perasto (actually Perast in montenegrin language) in coastal Montenegro.

Perasto was at its peak in the 18th century under the Republic of Venice, when it had as many as four active shipyards, a fleet of around one hundred ships, and 1,643 residents. At that time the most beautiful buildings arose in this fortified town. Many ornate baroque palaces and magnificent dwelling-houses decorated the town of Perast (Perasto), full of typical venetian architecture.
Perasto had the privilege to keep war-flag of the Venetian Navy in the peace time (it was called ""La fedelissma Gonfaloniera"") . 
The sailormen of Perasto were involved in the last battle of the Venitian navy, fought in Venice in 1797 .
At the fall of the "Serenissima" (1797) Perasto was the last city of the Repubblic to lower the Venetian flag. On 12 May 1797, the Republic of Venice ended, but a few places in the Albania veneta for several months still continued to remain loyal to the Venetian Repubblic: Perasto was the last place of the Republic to surrender. On 22 August 1797 the Count Giuseppe Viscovich, Captain of Perasto lowered the Venetian war-flag of the Lion of Saint Mark pronouncing the farewell words in front of the crying people of the city and buried the "Gonfalon of Venice" under the altar of the main church of Perasto.

The population has since decreased to 430 in 1910 and around 360 today. According to the "Comunita' nazionale italiana del Montenegro", in Perast actually there are 140 persons who still speak at home the original venetian dialect of Perasto (called "veneto da mar"), and call themselves in the census "Montenegrins".




Frugivore

A frugivore is an animal that prefers to eat fruit.

The fruit is part of a plant's sexual reproduction cycle. Plants spend a lot of energy and nutrients in creating fruit. Fruit is produced to attract animals into eating the fruit. The animal digests the pulp but not the seeds, ensuring the plant's genes are spread wherever the animal goes. Seeds can also be germinated by falling near the mother plant. Some seeds must pass through the digestive system (the stomach and intestines) before they can germinate.

Frugivores have also evolved in different ways to eat different fruit; some use teeth, others long beaks or short beaks.

Many birds eat both fruits and insects which makes them omnivores. Mammals may eat both fruits and protein, or eat mostly fruit or nectar, such as many bats. One primate group is essentially herbivore/frugivore, the Owl Monkeys. They live in a non-seasonal area of the Amazon that supports a constant supply of fruiting trees. Elsewhere, an exclusively frugivore diet is impossible and is supplemented by insects or rougher plant matter. Some people say that humans are frugivores; this is unlikely given the evolution of man in the dry tropical region of the Rift Valley. However, the climate in the Rift valley at the time of our evolution was likely a tropical rainforest. That said, almost all primates and even carnivores will travel great distances to feast when a fruit tree has dropped its ripened fruit. Many species will remember the exact fruiting date and location of a fruiting tree which highlights fruits great nutritional benefit. Some people promote a frugivore diet for humans.


View on diet and health at NHE Self-Health Care Systems: Biological Adaptations

Italian language in Croatia

The Italian language is the third most spoken language (after Croatian and Serbian) in the Republic of Croatia today. It is an officially recognized minority language in Istria County (where it is spoken by 7.69% of the population).

The 2001 census in Croatia reported 19,636 ethnic Italians in the country (some .44% of the total population). Ethnologue reported 70,000 speakers in 1998: 40,000 ethnic Italians and 30,000 ethnic Croats and Istrian people. Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the Adriatic coast. In addition, roughly 120,000 Italian tourists visit Croatia each year, so many in the service and tourist industries have some knowledge of the language.As the 3/4 of the Italian community is concentrated in Istria, according to Ethnologue's estimates ( 70.000 ), at least 20% of the population of Istria is Italian mother tongue, although many simply declare themselves as Istrian.

Historically, the language had a much larger population than it does now. Italians have lived on the Adriatic coast for hundreds of years, and Istria was part of the Kingdom of Italy from 1919 until 1947. However the Istrian exodus after the Second World War and Yugoslavian ethnic cleansing in the form of the Foibe massacres forced the greater part of the Istrian Italians to flee to Italy.
During the Italian exodu, about 350000 people left Istria, Dalmatia and the isles of Croatia.

Government services are provided in Italian and Croatian in Istria County, including the official government website (which is also available in English). There are four Italian-language schools in Istria: primary schools in Buje (Buie) and Novigrad (Cittanova) and secondary schools in Pula (Pola) and Rovinj (Rovigno).



Objectivism (Ayn Rand)

Objectivism is a philosophy that was started by Ayn Rand. It has four main ideas:

1. Everything that exists has an identity. This identity does not depend on how people think about it or talk about it. This is also true for things like feelings or ideas. It says that a thing is the thing which it is, or "A is A." What people learn about the things that exist comes both from the identity of the things themselves and from the way that people observe (see) and think about what they have observed.

2. Reason is how a person knows that what he thinks or believes is true. A person cannot make something true just by wanting it to be true or by mysticism. Only rational, logical thinking can produce the best outcome. This means recognizing that a thing is the thing it is, and to not confuse it with things which it is not.

3. It is good to be happy, and it is good for a person to try to be happy. People should always try to improve their lives and be happy in the long term, so that they are happy now and in the future. People should not hurt others to try to be happy, but they also should not hurt themselves to try to make other people happy. People should also not make themselves less happy to help something like God. Ayn Rand called this "rational self-interest".

4. If governments or criminals take things away from people, or try to make people do things they do not want to do, it does damage to everybody. Ayn Rand thought that governments should only be able to protect people from violence, theft, fraud, and other actions that go against people's rights. This includes laissez-faire capitalism and is sometimes called libertarianism.

She first told people these ideas in her novels "The Fountainhead" and "Atlas Shrugged". She talked about them more in "The Objectivist Newsletter", "The Objectivist", "The Ayn Rand Letter", "Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology" and "The Virtue of Selfishness".

Dike (goddess)

Dike is the Greek goddess of moral justice for human being.

Dalmatia

Dalmatia is a region of the Balkan Peninsula along the Adriatic Sea. It mostly belongs to Croatia. It goes from the island of Pag in the northwest to the Bay of Kotor (in Montenegro) in the southeast. 

Konrad Lorenz

Konrad Zacharias Lorenz (Vienna, 7 November 1903 – Vienna, 27 February 1989) was an Austrian zoologist, naturalist, ornithologist and Nobel Prize winner. He is one of the founders of studies on animal behaviour (ethology). Lorenz studied instinctive behavior in animals, especially in Greylag geese and jackdaws.

In his autobiographical essay, published in 1973 in "Les Prix Nobel" (people who win the Nobel Prize are asked to write essays about their lives), Lorenz said that his parents were the main reason he was so successful. He also said that a book by Selma Lagerlof called "The Wonderful Adventures of Nils" that he read as a child was the reason he became interested in wild geese.

Lorenz began his studies in 1922 at Columbia University, but he returned to Vienna in 1923 to continue his studies at the University of Vienna until 1928. At this university he became an assistant professor from 1928 to 1935.
In 1936, Lorenz met his great friend and colleague Niko Tinbergen. Together they studied geese – wild, domestic, and hybrid.

In 1940 Lorenz became a professor of psychology at the University of Königsberg. He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in 1941. He tried to become a motorcycle mechanic, but instead he was assigned as a medic. He was a prisoner of war in the Soviet Union from 1942 to 1948. During this time, he continued to work as a medical doctor and "got quite friendly with some Russians, mostly doctors". When he was sent back home after the war, he was allowed to keep both the manuscript of the book he had been writing and his pet starling. He arrived back in Altenberg "with manuscript and bird intact." The manuscript became his book "Behind the Mirror". 

Lorenz shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for discoveries in individual and social behavior patterns" with two other important early ethologists, Niko Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch. In 1969, he became the first person to receive the Prix mondial "Cino Del Duca".

Lorenz retired from the Max Planck Institute in 1973 but continued to research and publish from his family home, in Austria. Konrad Lorenz died on 27 February 1989, in Altenberg.

Lorenz joined the Nazi Party in 1938 and accepted a university position under Nazi Germany. In his application for membership to the Nazi-party NSDAP he wrote in 1938: "I'm able to say that my whole scientific work is devoted to the ideas of the National Socialists." 

When he accepted the Nobel Prize in 1973, Lorenz apologized for a 1940 publication that included Nazi views of science, saying that "many highly decent scientists hoped, like I did, for a short time [that] National Socialism [would produce good results], and many quickly turned away from it with the same horror as I [did]."

Together with Niko Tinbergen, Lorenz formed the idea of an innate releasing mechanism to explain instinctive behaviors (fixed action patterns). Building on the ideas of William McDougall, Lorenz developed this into a "psychohydraulic" explanation of the motives (reasons) of behavior. Another contribution is his work on imprinting. His influence on a younger generation of ethologists, as well as his books, were important in bringing ethology to the attention of the general public.
Lorenz predicted that market economics could eventually destroy Earth's ecosystem. In his 1973 book, "Civilized Man's Eight Deadly Sins", Lorenz considered the following paradox: 

Lorenz adopts an ecological model to attempt to explain how this contradiction can exist:

In nature, these mechanisms tend towards a 'stable state' among the living beings of an ecology: 

Lorenz states that humanity is the only species that is not controlled by these mechanisms. This is because humans are the only species that can change its own environment: "[The pace of human ecology] is determined by the progress of man's technology". Not only that, but human ecology (economy) is governed by mechanisms of positive feedback, defined as a mechanism which tends to encourage behavior rather than to discourage it. p43 

Lorenz does not see human independence from natural ecological processes as necessarily bad. Indeed, he states that "a completely new [ecology] which corresponds in every way to [humanity's] desires... could, theoretically, prove as durable as that which would have existed without his intervention" p36. However, the principle of competition, typical of Western societies, destroys any chance of this: 

In this book, Lorenz proposes that the best hope for mankind lies in our looking for mates based on the kindness of their hearts rather than good looks or wealth.

In his 1973 book "Behind the Mirror: a search for a natural history of human knowledge", Lorenz considers an old philosophical question: Do our senses actually tell us about the world as it is? Or do they only give us an illusion? Lorenz' answer comes from evolutionary biology. Only things that help a species to survive and reproduce are kept. Anything that does not benefit a species is quickly removed through the process of natural selection. Lorenz argued that if our senses gave us wrong information about our environment, humanity would soon be extinct. Therefore we can be sure that our senses give us correct information, for otherwise we would not be here to be deceived.

Lorenz's best-known books are "King Solomon's Ring" and "On aggression", both written for a popular audience. His scientific work appeared mainly in journal articles, written in German; they became widely known to English-speaking scientists through the descriptions of it in Tinbergen's 1951 book "The study of instinct", though many of his papers were later published in English translation in the two volumes titled "Studies in animal and human behaviour". 



Virtualization

Virtualization (or Virtualisation) is a word used in computing. Virtualization means that the users (programs, or real people) only see an abstraction of a computer resource. Virtualization can be done in software, or with hardware. 

Dalmatian Italians

Dalmatian Italians are Italians whose family comes from Dalmatia in today's Croatia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Dalmatian Italians are one of the historical ethnic groups of Dalmatia (in today's Republics of Croatia and Montenegro).

They are direct descendants of the autochthonous population of the romanised Illyrians in present Dalmatia, since the Middle Ages when they lived in the Dalmatian City-states and surrounding islands.

After the 1840s their ethnic group suffered from a constant trend of decreasing presence and now numbers only around 1,000 people. This group, though small in numbers, exerted an unproportionally significant and noteworthy influence on the region in the last centuries.

Indeed the Dalmatian Italians were a fundamental presence in Dalmatia, when the process of political unification of the Italians, Croats and Serbs started at the beginning of the 19th century. The 1816 Austro-Hungarian census registered 66,000 Italian speaking people between the 301,000 inhabitants of Dalmatia, or 22% of the total dalmatian population. But in 2010 they were reduced to only a few hundreds.

They are currently represented in Croatia and Montenegro by the "Italian National Community" () (CNI). The Italo-Croatian minorities treaty recognizes the "Italian Union" (Unione Italiana) as the political party officially representing the CNI in Croatia. The number of Dalmatian Italians in that country has fallen to 300, and the Italian Union concentrates on the Istrian region, including the city of Fiume (actual Rijeka), which is home to the vast majority of the Croatian Italian national minority numbering around 30,000 citizens.

In Dalmatia the most important centres of the CNI are in Zara (actual Zadar), Spalato and Cattaro (Montenegro).

Dalmatian Italians participated actively in the Union of Italy, called "Risorgimento".

Many Dalmatian Italians tried to unite their cities (like Spalato) to the Kingdom of Italy after the end of WWI: the Incidents in Spalato were the most famous event related to their struggle.

Some Dalmatian Italians, mostly living in Zara (actual Zadar), entered in the Italian government after WWI and promoted the conquest of coastal Dalmatia by Italian troops in 1941. Most of coastal Dalmatia was united to the Kingdom of Italy from April 1941 to September 1943, when were created the Provincia di Spalato and the Provincia di Cattaro while was enlargerd the Provincia di Zara. 

After WWII nearly all the 25.000 remaining Dalmatian Italians of Zara and the Italian "Governatorato di Dalmazia" were forced to leave Dalmatia during the Istrian-Dalmatian exodus.

Nowadays one of the principal problems for the exiled is the prohibition to buy houses in Croatia for Italian people not resident in Croatia (and, of course, their request of payment for their properties lost in Dalmatia when forced to exile).

Many Dalmatian Italians are organized in associations such as:

The most popular periodical for Dalmatian Italians is "Il Dalmata", published in Trieste by Renzo de' Vidovich.


Chukar

The chukar ("Alectoris chukar") is a Eurasian upland gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds. Other common names of this bird include 'Chukker' (sometimes misspelled as 'Chuker'), 'Chukar Partridge', 'Red-legged Partridge', 'Rock Partridge', 'Indian Hill Partridge', 'Chukka', 'Chukkar', 'Chukor', 'Chukore', 'Chikone', 'Kabk', 'Kau-Kau', and 'Keklik'. The Chukar is the National bird of Pakistan..

This partridge has its native range in Asia from Pakistan and Kashmir, and Afghanistan in the east to southeastern Europe in the west, and is closely related and similar to its western equivalent, the Red-legged Partridge, Alectoris rufa. It has been introduced widely, and became established in the United States, Canada, New Zealand and Hawaii. In Great Britain, hybrids between this species and the also introduced Red-legged Partridge are common.

Soral

Soral is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.


The Matrix Reloaded

The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 movie written and directed by the Wachowskis. It is a sequel to "The Matrix" (1999). It is a prequel to "The Matrix Revolutions" and "The Matrix Resurrections".

In this movie, the humans and the machines are at war. The machines have taken over everywhere except for the city of Zion, which is buried four kilometers below the surface. In this world, the machines have created the Matrix, which looks like the real world but it is a trick. A few hundred humans have been "unplugged" and see the real reality, which is dark and barren. The humans find out that the machines are digging to invade that area and they want to stop it.

One group of humans, led by Morpheus, believe in something called the prophecy. They believe that The One (a human named Neo) will save the humans. Another group, led by Commander Jason Lock, believes that the prophecy does not make sense and try to defend Zion with ships and humans.

Neo is called to see the Oracle. After he meets the Oracle, he gets into a fight with Smith. Smith is an old friend of his. He used to be an Agent, which meant that he was very powerful. However Neo defeated him at the end of the first movie. Smith says that he has new powers. He is able to touch someone and that someone becomes part of him. He and hundreds of these clones try to defeat Neo, but they are not very powerful and Neo beats them.

Smith later touches someone named Bane. Now Smith controls an unplugged human, making him very dangerous. As Bane, Smith tries to kill Neo, but another human named the Kid accidentally stops that from happening when he comes to say goodbye to Neo. Later, the humans line all of their ships together. They hope to trigger their EMPs all at once to stop the machines (the EMP kills all electronics within their radius). Smith/Bane, on one of these ships, triggers the EMP before they are supposed to and ruins the attack.

Neo and his crew try to fulfill the prophecy. They pick up a man named the Keymaker. They must get into a special room within a certain time limit. The power must be cut. The machines, which just beat back the surprise attack, attack one of the ships and the power comes back on. Trinity, Neo's girlfriend, gets into the system and turns off the power again.

Neo meets a man named the Architect. He tells Neo that the prophecy is not true and that the machines will destroy Zion. It is The One's job to let it be destroyed and to pick new people to form a new Zion. The One must also touch the source. Neo learns that Trinity is in trouble and will die. Instead of doing what the Architect tells him, he saves Trinity.

Morpheus is not happy that the war is not over yet. He says that the war should have been over when The One touched the source. Neo tells Morpheus what the Architect said. The machines attack the ship that Morpheus, Trinity, and Neo are on. They escape. Neo uses his powers to disable all the attacking machines, but falls unconscious. Another ship picks them up. The movie ends in the ship hospital room, where Bane and Neo are lying.


The response to this movie was big. It made $91 million in its first weekend at the box office, beating out the $50 million record set by "Hannibal" (2001) for an R-rated movie. Its final total of $281 million in the United States was the highest ever for an R-rated movie until "The Passion of the Christ" (2004) beat it with $370 million.

Get Smart

Get Smart was a television series that was shown on NBC from September 18, 1965 to April 12, 1969. It was then shown on CBS from September 26, 1969, to September 11, 1970. It made fun of the secret agent genre. It starred Don Adams as Maxwell Smart, Barbara Feldon as Agent 99, and Edward Platt as the chief. Max Smart worked for a secret organization called CONTROL. Their enemy was KOAS. In 1980, a movie "The Nude Bomb" was released in theaters. In 1989, a television movie was shown called, "Get Smart, Again!". Because of the good success of the movie, FOX created a new TV series called "Get Smart", which featured Don Adams as Max Smart, now chief of CONTROL. A movie based on the series was released on June 20, 2008. It starred Steve Carell as Max Smart, Anne Hathaway as Agent 99 and Alan Arkin as the chief. Roger Ebert gave it good reviews.


AFL–CIO

The American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations, called the AFL-CIO, is a group of labor unions in the United States and Canada. There are 54 national different unions in the group, and they speak for over 10 million workers. It was started in 1955, when the American Federation of Labor and the Congress of Industrial Organizations joined after a long argument. From 1955 to 2005, almost all union workers in the U.S. were part of the AFL-CIO. However, in 2005, some large unions (like the Teamsters) left the AFL-CIO.

The president of the AFL-CIO, Richard Trumka served from 2009 until his death on August 5, 2021.


List of mathematical symbols

The list below has some of the most common symbols in mathematics. However, these symbols can have other meanings in different contexts other than math.



Jonas Brothers

The Jonas Brothers are an American Pop band from Wyckoff, New Jersey. It is made up of three brothers: Kevin Jonas, Joe, and Nick Jonas. They released four albums before disbanding: "It's About Time" in 2006, "Jonas Brothers" in 2007, "A Little Bit Longer" in 2008, and "Lines, Vines and Trying Times" in 2009.

The band reunited in 2019, releasing the song "Sucker" as the lead single from their new album, "Happiness Begins". "Happiness Begins" entered at number one on the "Billboard" 200. "Sucker" became their first chart-topper.



Artificial turf

Artificial turf, or synthetic turf, is a man-made (something made by humans) surface made from synthetic materials, made to look like natural grass. It is most often used in arenas for sports that are normally played on grass. However, it is also used on lawns and in commercial applications. The main advantage of artificial turf is low cost of maintenance as there is no need to water it and trim it. Disadvantages include toxicity, limited lifetime, and the requirement for cleaning. Artificial turf is extremely popular in sporting industry - especially in US and regions where weather or heavy use makes it difficult to sustain high quality live turf.

Artificial grass was first used in 1966 when it was installed in the Houston Astrodome, the world’s first domed indoor multipurpose sports stadium. During the stadium’s inaugural season in 1965 its real grass failed to grow. By the second half of the season the field conditions were so bad that they installed artificial grass, called "Astroturf".

There are several environmental concerns associated with artificial turf including loss of wildlife habitat, contaminated runoff, and migration of synthetic materials. Contaminants that are harmful to aquatic life, such as zinc, have been found in storm water runoff from artificial turf. Both infill particles and broken synthetic grass fibers can migrate away from yards or playing fields, contributing to microplastic pollution.


Newgrange

Newgrange is a Megalithic Passage Tomb at Newgrange, County Meath, Republic of Ireland. It was built about 3200 BC. The kidney shaped mound covers an area of over one acre and is surrounded by 97 kerbstones, some of which are decorated with megalithic art. The 19 metre long inner passage leads to a cruciform chamber with a corbelled roof. It is estimated that the construction of the Passage Tomb at Newgrange would have taken a work force of 300 at least 20 years.

The passage and chamber of Newgrange are lit up by the winter solstice sunrise. A shaft of sunlight shines through the roof box over the entrance and penetrates the passage to light up the chamber. The dramatic event lasts for 17 minutes at dawn on the Winter Solstice and for a few mornings either side of the Winter Solstice.

Admission to the Newgrange chamber for the Winter Solstice sunrise is by lottery, application forms are available at the Brú na Bóinne Visitor Centre. For the 2007 draw 28,106 applications were submitted. In September each year, 50 names are drawn with 2 places are awarded to each name drawn.

Megalithic mounds such as Newgrange entered Irish mythology as sídhe or fairy mounds. Newgrange was said to be the home of Oenghus, the god of love. The Passage Tomb at Newgrange was re-discovered in 1699 by the removal of material for road building. A major excavation of Newgrange began in 1962; the original facade of sparkling white quartz was rebuilt using stone found at the site.

Newgrange has been designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO and attracts 200,000 visitors per year. There is no direct access to the Passage Tomb at Newgrange, access is by guided tour from the Brú na Bóinne Visitor Centre located close to the village of Donore, Co. Meath. The last tour of Newgrange is 90 minutes before closing time of the Visitor Centre.

Images from inside the chamber at Newgrange including the tri-spiral design on orthostat C10 which is probably the most famous Irish Megalithic symbol. It is often referred to as a Celtic design, but it was carved at least 2500 years before the Celts reached Ireland. At 12 inches in diameter the tri-spiral design is quite small in size, less than one-third the size of the tri-spiral design on the entrance stone.

David Ortiz

David Américo Ortiz Arias (born November 18, 1975 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball designated hitter who played for the Boston Red Sox. Ortiz used to play for the Minnesota Twins from -. Nicknamed "Big Papi" or "Señor Papi", Ortiz has played in four All-Star Games. He holds the Red Sox single-season record for home runs with 54, which he set during the 2006 season. He also won the 2010 Home Run DeCareer

Ortiz graduated from Estudia Espaillat High School in the Dominican Republic and
in he was signed by the Seattle Mariners who listed him as "David Arias" (possibly not understanding Spanish naming customs). In 1996, the Mariners received Dave Hollins from the Minnesota Twins for a player to be named later. Later that season, the Mariners announced that the player to be named later would be Arias. When Ortiz arrived in Minnesota, he informed the team that he preferred to be listed as "David Ortiz." He made his major league debut in September of 1997. After moving up and down from the majors to the minors, Ortiz hit .272 with 20 home runs and 75 RBI in , when the Twins lost in the American League Championship Series to the eventual World Series champions Anaheim Angels.

In 2003, Ortiz was traded to the Boston Red Sox. He hit 31 home runs that season. The Red Sox lost to the New York Yankees in the ALCS. 

Starting in 2004, however, Ortiz became known for his clutch hitting. He hit two walk-off home runs in the postseason. His first came when the Red Sox swept the Anaheim Angels in the American League Division Series. He hit another walk-off home run in Game 4 of the ALCS against the Yankees. And he also had a walk-off single in Game 5. He was named ALCS MVP. The Red Sox went on to win their first World Series since 1918. They won two more World Series championships in 2007 and 2013.

In Game 2 of the 2013 ALCS against the Detroit Tigers, Ortiz hit a game-tying grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the eighth inning.

Ortiz retired after the 2016 season. The Red Sox were swept by the Cleveland Indians in the ALDS that year.

On June 9, 2019, Ortiz was shot in the Dominican Republic while at a club in Santo Domingo. Ortiz was "ambushed by a man who got off a motorcycle" and shot him in the back. He was hospitalized and underwent surgery.


Mumtaz Mahal

Arjumand Banu Begum, also called Mumtaz Mahal (29 October 1593 – 17 June 1631) was the second wife of Shah Jahan, the Mughal emperor. Mumtaz Mahal (meaning "Jewel of the palace" in Persian) was the nickname her husband gave to her.

Mumtaz Mahal was born in April 1593 in Agra, India. Her father was the Persian noble Abdul Hasan Asaf Khan, the brother of Nur Jahan, the Mughal Empress wife of Jahangir.

Mumtaz betrothed (nikah) with shah jahan at the age of 14 in 1607 when Shah Jahan was 15, Shah Jahan, later married two other women.May 10, 1612 at the age of 19 the official marriage ceremony was held.

Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal were married for 19 years. They had thirteen children together. 7 of the children died at birth or at a very young age. Mumtaz travelled with Shah Jahan and his army as he carried out military campaigns. Mumtaz Mahal supported Shah Jahan and they respected each other very much. Mumtaz Mahal died on June 17, 1631 in Burhanpur in the Deccan (now in Madhya Pradesh) during the birth of their fourteenth child, a daughter named Gauhara Begum.

She had been with her husband as he was fighting a campaign in the Deccan Plateau. Her body was kept at Burhanpur in a walled pleasure garden known as Zainabad. A popular story says that on her deathbed, her last wish to the emperor was for a symbol or a monument to their love. She also asked her husband not to marry anyone else. The emperor promised immediately. Her body was buried in the Taj Mahal in Agra. It is also belived that Mumtaz Mahal died, aged 38, while giving birth to Gauhara Begum in Burhanpur, the cause of death being Postpartum hemorrhage, which caused considerable blood-loss after a painful labour of thirty hours. Contemporary historians note that Princess Jahanara, aged 17, was so distressed by her mother's pain that she started distributing gems to the poor, hoping for divine intervention and Shah Jahan, himself, was noted as being "paralysed by grief" and weeping fits.

After she died, Shah Jahan went into mourning for 2 years. When he appeared again, his hair had turned white, his back was bent, and his face worn. Jahan's eldest daughter, Jahanara Begum, slowly brought him out of mourning and took the place of Mumtaz at court.

Imam

An imam (; ) is an Islamic leader, often the leader of a mosque and/or community. Similarly to spiritual leaders, the imam is the person who leads the prayer during Islamic gatherings. More often the community turn to the mosque imam, if they have an Islamic question. In smaller communities an imam could be the community leader based on the community setting.

Shia Islam uses the term differently. Shiites give the title to only the one true leader of all the faithful.


Earthsea

Earthsea is a fictional place made by Ursula K. Le Guin for her short story "The Word of Unbinding" in 1964, but that became more famous in her book "A Wizard of Earthsea", first written in 1968. The books that follow "A Wizard of Earthsea" are "The Tombs of Atuan", "The Farthest Shore", "Tehanu", "Tales from Earthsea" and "The Other Wind". These are all set in the world of Earthsea


OpenZaurus

OpenZaurus is a Debian-based embedded Linux distribution for the Sharp Zaurus personal mobile tool PDA.

On April 26, 2007, it was announced that the OpenZaurus project was over. Future development efforts are to focus on the Ångström distribution for embedded systems.



Dan Simmons

Dan Simmons (born April 4, 1948 in Peoria, Illinois) is an American writer. He is best known for his Hugo Award-winning series called the Hyperion Cantos, and for his Locus Award-winning Ilium/Olympos cycle. He writes in genres such as science fiction, horror and fantasy.



Hyperion Cantos

The Hyperion Cantos is a series of science fiction books that were written by Dan Simmons.

"Hyperion" received the Hugo Award for best novel in 1990 and "The Fall of Hyperion" was nominated for the Nebula Award for best novel in 1990. Three of the novels received the Locus Award for best science fiction novel: "Hyperion" (1990), "The Fall of Hyperion" (1991) and "The Rise of Endymion" (1998). The author recently said that a movie might be made about the series.



Hyperion

Hyperion is a Titan in Greek mythology.

Hyperion may also mean:

In science:

In fiction:

Hyperion (Simmons novel)

Hyperion is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons in 1989. It is the first book of his Hyperion Cantos series. The book won the Hugo Award award in 1989 for best novel.

The Fall of Hyperion

The Fall of Hyperion is the second science fiction book in his Hyperion Cantos series by Dan Simmons. It was written in 1990 and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel that same year. It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Book in 1991.

Endymion (Hyperion)

Endymion is the third science fiction book written by Dan Simmons in his Hyperion Cantos series. The novel was extremely successful-within a year of its release, the book had been reprinted five times. The novel was nominated for the 1996 British Fantasy Award.

The Rise of Endymion

The Rise of Endymion is a 1997 science fiction book by Dan Simmons. It is the fourth and last book in his "Hyperion Cantos" series. The book was nominated for the 1997 British Fantasy Award and the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Book.

Predicate logic

In logic and philosophy, predicate logic is a system of mathematical logic. It uses predicates to express the state of certain things, which are "incomplete propositions" with a placeholder for objects or subjects that must be inserted in order to obtain a valid proposition. 

Predicate logic is different from propositional logic, in part because it has the concept of "quantifiers". A quantifier is used in conjunction with a variable (say "x") in order to talk about a general instance of x, and in doing so, this allows predicate logic to make statements about quantity.

The best-known quantifiers are the "existential quantifier", represented by ∃, and the "universal quantifier", represented by ∀. The existential quantifier is used to express statements of the form "there exists", and is true precisely when there is at least one mathematical object from the universe of discourse that matches the predicate or formula. On the other hand, the universal quantifier is used to express statements of the form "for all", and is true precisely when all possible mathematical objects of the universe of discourse match the specified predicate or formula.

In the notation of predicate logic, quantifiers directly precede (and thus introduce) variable names, which are then followed by other quantifiers or mathematical expressions, where the said variables are found. For example. one can use the expression formula_1 to mean "there is a person "x" such that for all persons "y", y likes x" ("everyone is liked by someone.").

formula_2

can be read as: "There is at least one cat which is black, and which likes (one or more) dogs."

formula_3

can be read as: "It is not true that every cat doesn't like any dog."

formula_4

can be read as: "There does not exist a cat which is also a dog."


Arapaho language

The Arapaho language (also Arapahoe) is a Plains Algonquian language (an areal rather than genetic grouping) spoken by elders in Wyoming. It is now spoken very little, and is in danger of becoming extinct.

Assamese language

Assamese ( translated as"Ôxômiya") () is the easternmost Indo-Aryan language, spoken most in the state of Assam in North-East India. It is also the main language of Assam. It is spoken in parts of Arunachal Pradesh and other northeast Indian states.

Avar language

The Avar language (self-designation "language of the mountains" or Авар мац "Avar language") belongs to the Avar-Andi-Tsez subgroup of the Alarodian Northeast-Caucasian (or Nakh-Dagestani) language family. It is spoken most in the eastern and southern parts of the Russian Caucasus republic of Dagestan, and the Balaken, Zakatala north-west area of Azerbaijan.

Azerbaijani language

The Azerbaijani language, also called Azeri, or Azerbaijani Turkish is a Turkic language that is spoken in Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran. Azerbaijani is the official language of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Republic of Dagestan in Russia.

Azerbaijani is also spoken in Dagestan (a republic of Russia), south-eastern and eastern Georgia, north eastern Turkey and in some parts of Ukraine, northern Dobruja in Romania and in northwestern Iran. In Dagestan, there are over 30 different languages, and Russian is used as a lingua franca.


Bashkir language

The Bashkir language (Native name: ) is a Turkic language. Speakers of the Bashkir language mostly live in the Russian republic of Bashkortostan. A large number of speakers also live in Tatarstan, Udmurtia, Perm Krai, Chelyabinsk, Orenburg, Sverdlovsk, and Kurgan Oblasts.

Like other languages of Russia, Bashkir uses an alphabet made up of Cyrillic letters. The Bashkir alphabet has 42 letters, made up of the 33 letters of the Russian alphabet and 9 more letters for special Bashkir sounds. These 9 letters and their sounds are:

Od language

Od (also called Oad, Odki) is a language spoken mostly about the Sindh and in a few in southern Punjab. It may also be spoken in Rajasthan, Republic of India.

Ilium/Olympos

Ilium/Olympos is a science fiction series that was written by Dan Simmons. The events in the books are set in motion by beings who have taken on the roles of the Greek gods. The first book in the series, "Illium" received the Locus Award for best book in 2004.

There are two books in the series:

Ilium (book)

Ilium is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons. It is the first part of the "Ilium/Olympos" cycle, and is about the re-creation of the events in the "Iliad" on Mars.

In July 2004, "Ilium" got the Locus Award for best science fiction novel of 2003. It was later nominated for the 2004 Hugo Award for best book.

Olympos (book)

Olympos is a book that was written by Dan Simmons in 2005, and is the sequel to "Ilium" It is a science fiction book that ends the series Ilium/Olympos. It uses ideas from the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey".

Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto

Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto (, ; January 5, 1928 – April 4, 1979) was a Pakistani politician. He was the President of Pakistan from 1971 to 1973. He was Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1973 to 1977. He was the founder of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), the largest and most influential political party in Pakistan. 

He was educated at the University of California, Berkeley in the United States and Oxford University in the United Kingdom. Bhutto was executed by hanging in 1979 for ordering the murder of a political opponent. His execution was ordered by General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq. Bhutto's supporters give him the honorific title Shaheed, the Urdu word for martyr. His name then becomes Shaheed-e-Azam Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto ("The Great Martyr") or sometimes Quaid-e-Awam (The Leader the Community).

He was married to Nusrat Bhutto (née Ispahnie) from 1951 until his death. Their elder daughter, Benazir Bhutto (1953-2007), was also Prime Minister of Pakistan, twice. The couple had three other children: son Murtaza Bhutto (1954-1996) daughter Sanam Bhutto (born 1957), and son Shahnawaz Bhutto (1958-1985).


Pothohar Plateau

The Pothohar Plateau (also spelled Pothwar, Potwar or Potohar) () is a plateau in Punjab, Pakistan. The area was the home of the Soan Culture (a stone age culture), and there are many fossils, tools, coins, and remains of ancient archaeological sites. It borders the western parts of Azad Kashmir and the southern part of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The local people speak a dialect of North Punjabi, called Pothwari

Northern Indo-Aryan languages

Pahari (or Pahaari) is a word for a number of dialects spoken across the Himalayan range, not limited to a single country. The word comes from 'pahar' meaning mountain. The word 'Pahaari' or 'Pahari' is an adjective in Punjabi and it means 'of the mountain', so 'Pahari' means 'language of the mountain people'.

Pakistan, India and Nepal are all countries along which the Himalayas run, and in all three countries the word for mountain is Pahar this is becuase Panjabi are all related languages (they are all Indic languages of the Indo-European language family). The Pahari language is also part of this group. Travel in mountainous areas is difficult, so dialects close to each other can be very different. Most of Pahari languages are dialects of Panjabi language .

Bose-Einstein statistics

In statistical mechanics, Bose-Einstein statistics means the statistics of a system where you can not tell the difference between any of the particles, and the particles are bosons. Bosons are fundamental particles like the photon.

The Bose-Einstein distribution tells you how many particles have a certain energy. The formula is

with formula_2 and where:

If formula_3, then the Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics is a good approximation.

Activision

Activision is an American video game company. It was the first third party in the industry's history. It was founded on October 1, 1979. On July 9, 2008, it merged with Vivendi to make a new company called Activision Blizzard. Activision is best known for "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater", "Call of Duty", and "Guitar Hero".

OXO (video game)

OXO is a tic-tac-toe video game, and one of the first video game ever made. It was made in 1952 for the EDSAC computer by Alexander S. Douglas for his Ph.D. thesis on human-computer interaction at the University of Cambridge. 

Will Wright (game developer)

Will Wright (born on January 20, 1960 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American video game developer and is the co-founder of Maxis, now a part of Electronic Arts. He's most famous for "SimCity", "The Sims" and Spore. He is currently working on a new project, and has set up the "Stupid Fan Club".

Pikmin (video game)

Pikmin is a real-time strategy video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube, and later the Wii and Switch. The plot involves an alien captain named Captain Olimar who crash-lands on a planet and meets creatures called Pikmin, which he uses to protect himself and find his ship parts before he runs out of air.

The in-game universe has many locations, including a planet known as Hocotate, where Olimar is from, and a planet that resembles Earth. In-game, the planet is from a small perspective, as both Olimar and the Pikmin are no larger than US quarters.

Captain Olimar is traveling in his spaceship called the Dolphin, when it suddenly collides with a meteor and crashes on an unknown planet resembling Earth. He travels for a bit before he finds a creature called a Pikmin. He meets up with other Pikmin, and has to use them to gather up the pieces he lost from his ship before 30 days run out, or the game will be over.

The player controls Captain Olimar, who can throw the Pikmin. Pikmin are plucked out of the ground, and they live in a nest called an onion when they are not deployed. There can be up to 100 different Pikmin out of the onions at any moment. There are three kinds of Pikmin, stronger Red Pikmin, immune to fire, lighter Yellow Pikmin, who can pick up bomb rocks, and Blue Pikmin, immune to water.

Music from "Pikmin" was used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", including "Ai no Uta" (in Japanese and French). It also reappears in "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U" and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate", as Olimar appears in those games.

"Pikmin" got good reviews and is considered one of the best GameCube launch games. Reviewers liked its strategic gameplay, but a lot complained about the time limit, saying it made it harder to play the game outside of the main task.

Because of "Pikmin"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s popularity, Captain Olimar and his Pikmin appeared in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", along with other creatures and characters as trophies. Olimar also appeared in "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U" and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" as a fighter.

"Pikmin" had a sequel called "Pikmin 2" in 2004 for the GameCube as well. Another "Pikmin" game, "Pikmin 3", was released on August 4, 2013 for the Wii U, and later, the Nintendo Switch as "Pikmin 3 Deluxe". On July 21, 2023, "Pikmin 4" was released for the Nintendo Switch.

Pikmin 2

Pikmin 2 is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It is the sequel to "Pikmin". The plot involves Captain Olimar and his co-worker Louie going back to the planet from "Pikmin" to find treasure to save his boss' company. Olimar and Louie control a group of Pikmin and give them commands, which include collecting objects, fighting enemies, and reaching near places.

Captain Olimar, the star of the series, and Louie, his coworker, have to go back to the planet from "Pikmin" when the President of their company made them go there to find treasure to get the company out of debt. They meet with the Pikmin that Olimar met in the first game, along with 2 new types, and they join forces to find the treasure, trying to battle through monsters and the environment.

During the events of Pikmin 1, Captain Olimar's coworker Louie is sent to deliver a load of gold carrots worth over 10,000 "Pokos", the planet's currency. He returns without the carrots, claiming he was attacked by a "Space Bunny" who stole his carrots. As Captain Olimar is returning, the company president reveals to Captain Olimar that the company now has 10,100 "Pokos" of debt to repay, as a result of the carrots being destroyed, and his ship is repossessed. Olimar shows three president and Louie a Bottle cap from PNF-404, the planet he was on. The cap is scanned by a rocket ship, revealing it's worth 100 "Pokos", and is worth more than a year's salary. The president sends Olimar and Louie back to the planet to find more items to sell to repay the debt. They must find 10,000 "Pokos" worth of treasure to leave the planet. 
The game explores four locations across the first game's planet, based on the four seasons. The levels have many objects from the real world, like a Duracell battery and an RC Cola pop cap. A level in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" is based on this planet.

The gameplay is mostly the same as "Pikmin"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s. Players control Olimar, Louie, and Pikmin. They can use them to pick up objects, reach other areas, and fight enemies. Pikmin are plucked out of the ground, and they live in a nest called an onion when they are not deployed. There can be up to 100 different Pikmin out of the onion, and there are five kinds of Pikmin - the Red Pikmin, which are stronger and fireproof, Yellow Pikmin, lighter and immune to electricity, Blue Pikmin, which are immune to drowning, Purple Pikmin, stronger than Red Pikmin and can lift heavy objects, and White Pikmin, immune to poison, poison if eaten, and have X-ray vision, allowing them to see buried objects. The Pikmin can be thrown into the air to reach a higher place and can be guided to get them all in one spot via a whistle. One new feature "Pikmin 2" adds is the ability to switch between two leaders - Olimar and Louie.

A new feature is the Underground, where Olimar, Louie, and their Pikmin go into a cave, which has treasures and powerful creatures, which serve as bosses, in it. The player has to get all the way to the bottom before he or she can get out. Unlike the first game, this game lacks the 30 day time limit.

Music from "Pikmin 2", including the song "Tane no Uta", was used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U," and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate".

"Pikmin 2" got great reviews, and rates much higher than the original "Pikmin". Many reviewers were glad that Nintendo got rid of the 30-day time limit from "Pikmin", as well as the treasures based on real-life objects. Reviewers were split into the Underground areas, some liking the challenge, while others said it's boring or too hard.

Sid Meier

Sid Meier (born at February 24, 1954 in Sarnia, Ontario) is an Canadian-American video game developer, most well known for his turn-based strategy games. He founded Microprose in 1982 with Bill Stealey. In 1996 he left Microprose and joined Firaxis Games.


Ralph H. Baer

Ralph Henry Baer (March 8, 1922 – December 6, 2014) was a German-American inventor and engineer, known for his contributions to the video game industry.

Because he was of Jewish descent, Baer moved to New York City in 1938. He later became a U.S. citizen.

He died at his home in Manchester, New Hampshire on December 6, 2014, according to family and friends close to him. He was 92 years old.


Pong

Pong is a video game made by Atari. It is believed to be the first video game ever made, although it was made after games similar to it were also made, including "Tennis for Two" and could be emulated by WinUaw.

To play the game a quarter or token must be put into the game machine's slot. Two knobs, are called "paddles" because they control the tennis paddle on the screen. Turn the knob one way and the paddle goes up. Turn the knob the other way and the paddle goes down. The other knob does the same thing to the other paddle on the screen.

Nolan Bushnell

Nolan Bushnell (born February 5, 1943) is an American electrical engineer and entrepreneur. He founded both Atari Inc. (alongside Ted Dabney) and Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza-Time Theaters. Bushnell is in the Video Game Hall of Fame and the Consumer Electronics Association Hall of Fame. He got the BAFTA Fellowship and the Nations Restaurant News “Innovator of the Year” award. He was named one of Newsweek's "50 Men Who Changed America." Bushnell has started more than twenty companies. He is one of the founding fathers of the video game industry.

Bushnell graduated from the University of Utah with a degree in electrical engineering in 1968. Bushnell was raised in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, but is no longer an active member.

Bushnell was featured in the documentary film "Something Ventured" which premiered in 2011.

Bushnell's most recent company is uWink.

Dragon Warrior

Dragon Warrior (called Dragon Quest in Japan) is a role-playing video game made by Chunsoft and published by Enix Corporation and Nintendo of America for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It is the first in the "Dragon Quest" series.

X2 (movie)

X2 (known as X-Men 2: X-Men United in advertising) is a 2003 superhero movie. It was directed by Bryan Singer. It is a sequel to "X-Men" (2000) movie and was followed by "" (2006).

The movie opens with a mutant named Nightcrawler. He is at the White House and attempts to kill the president. At the last moment, a security guard shoots Nightcrawler, forcing him to run away. Meanwhile, Wolverine reaches a location called Alkali Lake, and does not find anything. He returns to Charles Xavier's school for gifted students.

William Stryker, who hates mutants, uses this attack. He talks to the President, who then allows him to raid Charles Xavier's school for gifted mutants. Before he does this, he visits Magneto. Magneto was the bad guy in the first movie and now is in jail. Stryker uses a fluid to make him talk about the school.

Xavier attempts to find Nightcrawler. He uses a machine called Cerebo, which makes his power stronger and allows him to connect to every person's mind. He gives Jean Grey and Storm the last location where he could see Nightcrawler. They leave in the Blackbird. Then, he and Cyclops go to the prison to pay a visit to Magneto.

Stryker raids the mansion. A mutant named Siryn, whose power is a very loud scream, alerts everyone. A series of passageways and escape tunnels allow all but six of the mutants to escape. Wolverine, who has returned, takes Rogue, Iceman, and Pyro with him into a car. They drive to Boston. Meanwhile, Storm and Jean have located Nightcrawler and have him on their ship. Stryker also takes Cerebro with them. At the prison, Stryker has captured Xavier and Cyclops.

At Alkali Lake, Stryker reveals his plan. He has rebuilt Cerebro. He uses his son Jason, a mutant, to create a fantasy world for Xavier. In Xavier's mind, he sees a little girl who thinks that everyone is gone. Xavier goes to his Cerebro, locates everyone, and then starts to focus, which will kill all mutants.

In Boston, Wolverine and his friends go to Iceman's house, where Iceman reveals that he is a mutant. Iceman's brother does not like this and calls the cops. One cop shoots Wolverine in the head. Pyro uses his power – he can control fire – and pushes the police away. Wolverine, whose power is to heal very fast, wakes up. Jean and Storm come in and pick them up.

Mystique has found out where Magneto was staying. She seduces the security guard and injects him with iron. When the security guard comes in, Magneto senses the iron. Magneto can control all metal. Magneto rips it out of the guard and escapes.

The United States Air Force sends two jets to intercept the Blackbird, the plane where all the X-Men are on. Storm, whose power is to control the weather, whips up a tornado that sends both pilots down, but one manages to fire two missiles. Jean Grey, whose power is psychic, manages to destroy one, but the other one hits the jet. They start to go down. Magneto is in the area and saves them.

The X-Men and Magneto make some peace and come together to beat Stryker. The dam is built so that Stryker can flood the tunnel if someone comes in. 15 years ago, Wolverine volunteered for an experiment and was given claws and suffered a lot of pain. Stryker is very interested in Wolverine. So Mystique, whose power is to make herself look like other people, pretends to be Wolverine. She gets in and takes over the control room.

Cyclops appears and attacks Magneto, Mystique, and Jean Grey. Jean uses her psychic power to stop Cyclops, but Cyclops' beam power damages the dam very badly. Wolverine leaves to find Stryker. Stryker shows him Lady Deathstrike, who also has an adamantium skeleton and claws on the tips of her fingers. They fight. Wolverine pumps her full of adamantium and kills her. Storm and Nightcrawler find the six mutants and rescue them.

All mutants suddenly go into pain when Xavier starts focusing. Magneto forces himself into Cerebro and stops it. He then tells Mystique to transform into Stryker and change the rules so that Xavier will kill all the humans instead. The X-Men find out what is happening. Storm and Nightcrawler teleport in there. Storm creates a storm that breaks the spell, and Xavier returns to normal.

All of the X-Men escape the dam. Rogue and Iceman, who were in the Blackbird, land it in front of them. The plane is badly damaged. The dam explodes and a ton of water comes down. At the last second, Jean Grey rushes out of the ship, gets it into the air, and drowns when she can no longer hold back the water. Xavier and his crew go to the White House to inform the President of what has happened. Xavier tells the president that humans and mutants must work together or else they will destroy each other in war.



Pete Young

Bryan Owen "Pete" Young (born March 19 1968 in Meadville, Mississippi) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in 1992 and 1993. He went to Mississippi State University, where he played college baseball.

On June 2, , Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft, but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati, deciding to instead attend Mississippi State where he practiced to become a better pitcher. Young was drafted again on June 5, by the Montreal Expos in the 6th round (148th overall pick) of the amateur draft. This time, Young signed to play in the minors in the Expos organization.

Young made his major league debut on June 5, with the Expos at age 24. On that day, Young pitched 1⅔ innings against the Reds, striking out one batter. The Expos lost the game 10-4. Young played his final major league game for the Expos on July 18, ; on February 18, , he was purchased along with Matt Stairs by the Boston Red Sox organization, but his career ended that season after not reaching the major league club.

At the time of his retirement, Young had earned a career earned run average of 3.63. He finished with 25⅔ innings pitched, striking out 14 batters, and playing in a total of 17 games. He allowed 22 hits, 1 home run, and 9 walks. He only got one win in his career, on July 10, against the San Diego Padres. Young came to bat only once in his two-season career.


Pete Smith

Pete Smith may mean:


Howard Florey

Howard Walter Florey, Baron Florey (24 September 1898 – 21 February 1968) was an Australian pathologist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 1945, for his study into penicillin. He was appointed a knight bachelor, and later a baron.

He was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He went to the Collegiate School of St.Peter and the Adelaide University. In 1921 he went to England as a Rhodes Scholar studying first at Oxford and then at Cambridge. He worked in the United States for 10 months before going back to London. In 1926 he married long time friend from Adelaide, Mary Ethel Hayter Reed. They were married in England.

In 1925, Foley visited the United States on a Rockefeller Travelling Fellowship for a year, returning in 1926 to a Fellowship at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, receiving here his Ph.D. in 1927. The same year, he was appointed Huddersfield Lecturer in Special Pathology at Cambridge. In 1931 he succeeded to the Joseph Hunter Chair of Pathology at the University of Sheffield and became assistant professor of pathology at the University of Sheffield. From 1935 to 1962 he was a professor at the Sir William Dunn school of pathology at Oxford.

Florey’s most important work was turning penicillin into the first antibiotic. He worked with Ernst Chain to explore discoveries made earlier by Alexander Fleming. They looked at antibacterial substances that came from bacteria and fungi. They found that penicillin was the most interesting. Fleming had first discovered it in 1928. They were able to start experiments on humans in 1941. Because of World War 2 the drug was made in the USA. Its affects on wounded people was described as "miraculous".

He was made a fellow of the Royal Society in 1941. Once the world saw how well penicillin worked he was given many more honours. These included:

He wrote more than 200 scientific papers. He kept an interest in Australia. he had a big role in starting the Australian National University (ANU), especially the John Curtin School of Medical Research. He was the main adviser to the school from 1948 to 1955. In 1965 he was appointed as Chancellor of the university. From 1962 he was Provost of The Queen's College at Oxford. He died from a heart attack in 1968.

He is remembered for his work. A suburb in Canberra, Australia, was named after him. His picture is on the Australian fifty dollar note. There is a lecture theatre and a professorship named after him at the ANU. The Queen's College have named a building after him. There is a memorial stone at St.Nicholas's church at Marston, and a memorial stone in Westminster Abbey. There are a number of paintings and a sculpture.


DJ (disambiguation)

DJ or dj may mean:

Steam locomotive

A steam locomotive is a steam powered railway locomotive. It was used a lot between about 1830 and 1970. Afterwards, diesel and electric locomotives were used more often. The first steam locomotive was made by Richard Trevithick for a railway used for moving iron at an Ironworks in Wales. A steam locomotive works by burning a fuel like coal in a special space called a firebox. This produces hot gases that rise and go through tubes in a boiler - a large space with water in it. This heats the water, producing steam. The steam is then taken through another tube to a cylinder. The steam then pushes the piston which in turn pushes a metal rod that is connected to the wheels, making the locomotive move. The steam then rises out through the chimney.

Steam locomotives are still today used in many developing countries where the railways have not yet been electrified.


Conjunction

Conjunctions are words which join phrases, clauses and sentences.

Conjunctions have three basic forms which are shown in the table below.

Conjunctions also have two functions, as shown below.

Although some people say it's not correct to use conjunctions at the beginning of a sentences, many famous writers do so.

5.Definition of Conjunctions, Examples and Practice Sets
Soanian

The Soanian is an archaeological site that comes from the early stone age. The name comes from the Soan Valley in the Sivalik Hills in Pakistan. The people who lived on this site were probably Homo erectus, the first people to control fire.
Hundreds of stone knives were found at the site, as well as hand axes and cleavers. No human skeletons of this age have been found. In the Soan River Gorge many rocks with fossils can be seen. The 14 million year old fossils of gazelles, rhinoceroses, crocodiles, giraffes and rodents have been found. Some of these fossils are on display at the Natural History Museum of Islamabad.

Richard Hakluyt

Richard Hakluyt (, or ) (c. 1552 or 1553 – 23 November 1616) was an English writer. He is famous for his efforts in promoting the settlement of North America by the English through his works. His most important books are "Divers Voyages Touching the Discoverie of America" (1582) and "The Principal Navigations, Voiages, Traffiques and Discoueries of the English Nation" (1598–1600).




Ashurbanipal

Ashurbanipal (685 BC – 627 BC), the son of Esarhaddon, was the last great king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire. He established (started) the first organized library in the ancient Middle East, the Library of Ashurbanipal, which survives in part today at Nineveh.

In the Bible he is called Asenappar. Roman historian Justinus identified him as Sardanapalus, and describes him as effeminate.

Édouard Daladier

Édouard Daladier (18 June 1884 - 10 October 1970) was a politician, who was the Prime Minister of France at the start of the Second World War. He was one of the politicians in France who tried to stop the war and signed the Munich Agreement at a conference in 1938, together with British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, as well as the dictators of Germany and Italy: Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini.

1989–90 NHL season

The 1989–90 NHL season was the 73rd season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Stanley Cup winners were the Edmonton Oilers, who won the best of seven series 4–1 against the Boston Bruins.The championship was the Oilers' fifth Stanley Cup in the past four years.

This also marked the first time that all three New York City metro area teams made the playoffs in the same season.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: All dates in 1990"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1989–90 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark debut in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1989–90 (listed with their last team):


Munich Agreement

The Munich Agreement was an agreement between France, Italy, Germany and Britain. 

Germany threatened an invasion of the Sudetenland in Czechoslovakia. The British and French prime ministers tried to get Adolf Hitler to agree to not use his military in return for taking the land. After Hitler agreed, most people thought that the agreement was a success. However, Germany invaded the rest of Czechoslovakia in 1939. Later that year, the Second World War started after Germany invaded Poland.

Czechoslovakia was an independent country since it had been formed in 1918. After the First World War this was done by international agreement. Adolf Hitler wanted "Lebensraum" (meaning "living space") to have all Germans in Czechoslovakia united with Germany. As most German speakers in Czechoslovakia were in the Sudetenland, Hitler set his sights there first. He knew that was the main industrial strength of Czechoslovakia. Britain, France and the Soviet Union had all agreed to support Czechoslovakia if it was invaded.

On September 12, 1938, Hitler told the Sudeten Germans that he would support them. On the 15th, Neville Chamberlain met with Hitler in a last-ditch attempt to stop the war. Hitler moderated his demands and said he was interested only in part of Czechoslovakia. Chamberlain thought that was reasonable and that Hitler would be satisfied. However, on the 22nd, Hitler changed his demands and now said that he wanted all of the Sudetenland. The British Navy mobilised, and war seemed imminent. 

Benito Mussolini persuaded Hitler to attend a four-power peace conference in Munich on 29 September. The conference was held between four leaders: Hitler for Germany, Mussolini for Italy, Chamberlain for Britain and Édouard Daladier for France. The Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia were not invited. 

At the conference, Mussolini put forward a plan, which had really been written by the German Foreign Office, for the Sudetenland was to become part of Germany immediately. The German Army was to march into the Sudetenland the following day and to claim it as German territory.

Czechoslovakia had not been even consulted, and the Soviet Union attacked the idea. Chamberlain returned to Britain to receive a hero's welcome, as he had achieved "peace for our time" with his policy, and people feared another world war. The same cheering happened for Daladier in France. 

Edvard Beneš, the Czechoslovak president, resigned. He felt betrayed since Britain and France had promised to help his country. However, he displeased his army by telling it not to fight Germany since he thought that his country would be destroyed by air strikes.

On October 1, Germans walked into the Sudetenland, and Hungary and Poland also grabbed land in Czechoslovakia with had Hungarians and Poles.

Germany invaded Prague in March 1939 and Poland in September. Britain and France declared war on Germany and so the Second World War started



Dawson Island

Dawson Island (Lat: 53º 58’ 12” S Long: 70º 34’ 48”W) is an island in the Strait of Magellan. It is in the Tierra del Fuego archipelago. It is south of the city of Punta Arenas in Chile. It is part of the municipality of Punta Arenas. It is southeast of Brunswick Peninsula. It is an approximately tract of land that often has harsh Antarctic weather. Its population was 415 as of the 1992 census, and 301 as of 2002. The settlements are Puerto Harris, Puerto San Antonio and Puerto Almeida.


Strike

Strike may mean:

Strike may refer to a fight, including:

In sports and games:

Strike action

A strike action (or simply a strike) is when many workers stop working in protest. Strikes are usually done by a labor union to get better pay, hours, or working conditions. They became important during the Industrial Revolution, when many worked in factories and mines. In many countries, it is against the law to strike. In other countries, people who strike are protected under certain conditions.

Strikes generally take the form of a picket line. The workers walk in front of where they work, chanting and holding signs. Workers on strike usually do not stop people from crossing the picket line. However, some people will not cross a picket line to buy something from the company. This is a way of showing solidarity (or support) for the union. Most unions will also not cross a picket line and do business with companies on strike. For example, members of the Teamsters, a truck driving union, will not deliver to a business that is on strike. 

The first known strike was in the 12th century B.C., in Egypt. Workers under Ramses III stopped working on the Necropolis until they were treated better. The word gets its name from modern times: in 1768, sailors in London "struck" or removed the sails of trade ships at port. 

In 1917, the Mexican Constitution was the first to make sure that workers had the right to strike.

A wildcat strike is a strike that is not approved by the labor union. Wildcat strikes are not always protected like union-approved strikes are. 
A sympathy strike is a strike that is done to support another group of workers on strike. 
A slowdown strike is when the workers are still working, but very slowly. It is usually done when workers are not allowed to have a full strike.
A green ban is a strike that is done to get the company to adopt more environmentally friendly practices.

Despite, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights ensure the right to strike, many countries do not allow workers to strike at all, but some allow it under certain conditions.

In the United States, people who work for the Federal Government are not allowed to strike. Some states, like New York, do not allow people who work for the state government (including teachers) to strike. Railroad and airline workers are not allowed to strike, except under certain conditions.

When a strike is called, a government may try to stop it by calling in the police or the military. The threat of force is sometimes enough to get the workers to stop. This happened in the Seattle General Strike of 1919, when over three thousand marines, sailors, and police officers were called into the city by the mayor of Seattle and the Attorney General of Washington.

The owners of a company may also decide to hire new workers. This may cost less than giving into the demands of the workers. This is another way of breaking the strike. These workers, called "scabs" by strikers, are often yelled at as they pass through the picket line. Many unions say that workers who helped break a strike by crossing the picket line are not allowed to be in the union. If the company is a union shop (meaning that only union workers can work there) this means that helping break a strike could get a worker fired from that company forever.

Bird flight

Flight is a method of moving through the air. To do this, birds use wings with light, hollow bones and feathers on them. Birds have a streamlined body shape, so that they slip through air more easily.

Birds can move by flapping their wings, or they can stay in the same place. This is called hovering, with rapid wing beats, as with the kestrel. Birds that soar use very little energy for it: they use columns of rising hot air to lift them. They glide from the top of a warm air current, and then move on to another warm air current. That way birds like buzzards can fly all day while using little energy.

Birds like hawks and gannets dive on their prey. They get to a height, them fold their wings and dive head-first.

The fundamentals of bird flight are similar to those of aircraft. Lift force is produced by the action of air flow on the wing, which is an airfoil. The lift force occurs because the air has a lower pressure just above the wing and higher pressure below.

Super Mario Land

Super Mario Land is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console. It is one of the only two Mario games designed by Gunpei Yokoi, and the first "Mario" game for a handheld console.

An evil alien monster called Tatanga comes to a kingdom called Sarasaland and kidnaps Princess Daisy. Mario comes to save her and has to go through four worlds and defeat Tatanga's four minions to rescue Daisy from Tatanga.

Mario (series)

The series is a series of popular platform games by Nintendo. They feature Nintendo's mascot Mario and, in most of the games, his brother Luigi. The "Mario" series has been running for more than 40 years. More than 200 video games have been released in the series. The series has been named the best-selling video game series in history, with over 262 million combined units sold.

The series started out in 1981 with the arcade video game, "Donkey Kong", and has since then taken off into its own series. It was created by Shigeru Miyamoto. Mario, going under the name Jumpman when "Donkey Kong" was first released, is the main protagonist throughout most of the series. The main antagonist of the series is Bowser, the King of all Koopas. Most of the games have something to do with jumping and defeating enemies. The games usually feature simple storylines. The most common theme in the series is Bowser, the main villain, taking away Princess Peach, who the Mario brothers try to save during the games. 


Notes

Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island

Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island (called in Japan) is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console. A follow-up game called "Yoshi's Story" was released for the Nintendo 64, and a direct sequel was released for the Nintendo DS called "Yoshi's Island DS".

"Yoshi's Island" takes place many years before "Donkey Kong", the first "Mario" game. Baby Mario and Baby Luigi are being taken to their parents by the Stork, but a Magikoopa named Kamek attacks it, kidnapping Baby Luigi and causing Baby Mario to drop to Yoshi's Island. Baby Mario lands on the back of Yoshi, who, along with seven other Yoshis, helps Baby Mario defeat Baby Bowser and rescue Baby Luigi.

Palindrome

A palindrome is a word, sentence, or number that reads the same from left to right as from right to left. Punctuation does not matter, but letters and digits do. All alphabetic languages have palindromes. The first palindrome was the Latin Sator Square, which reads:

You can read it horizontally, backwards, even vertically!





Environmentalism

Environmentalism is both a philosophy and a social movement that is about protecting nature. It advocates helping to preserve, protect, and restore the natural environment from damage. Environmentalists often talk about threats to the earth from pollution, climate change and overpopulation. Environmentalism is both personal and political. In their own lives, environmentalists do things that are better for the earth, such as recycling, using natural products, and supporting businesses that try not to harm the environment. Politically, they support laws that help the environment, like laws against pollution.

The word Environmentalism comes from 'environmental' and '-ism'. 'Environmental' is the chemical, physical, and biological components of the environment while '-ism' is a suffix used to create action nouns out of verbs.


Samurai Champloo

Samurai Champloo is a Japanese anime television show. Mugen is a fierce animal-like warrior with a unique Bboying (break-dance) inspired fighting style. Jin has a more traditional style. The two opposing samurai warriors are far from friends, yet their split paths seem to cross anyways. Mugen is wandering aimlessly through the city when he walks upon a teahouse where he meets Jin and Fuu. Fuu convinces them both to come with her in search of a mysterious samurai that smells like sunflowers and their journey begins. This modernized hip-hop tale breaks the barriers of the common, historical, samurai anime.

This anime contains 26 episodes and two seasons, documenting the journey of these three misfits. The episodes are shown on Adult Swim from time to time, but never consistently. Whenever on American television, only the first season is aired.


Chris Thile

Chris Thile () (born February 20, 1981) is an American musician, best known as a member of acoustic band Nickel Creek. He has made six albums as a solo artist and with his band, Punch Brothers. His first, "Leading Off", was released in 1994 when Thile was 13. Thile has also played and recorded with artists like Mike Marshall, Béla Fleck, Glen Phillips, and Edgar Meyer.

Thile's third album, "Not All Who Wander Are Lost", was released in 2001. His fourth, "Deceiver" had all songs written and performed by Thile alone. His most recent solo work was 2006's "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground", and Thile released "Punch" in 2008 with the band Punch Brothers.

Thile was born in Oceanside, California in 1981. When he was two, his family started going to "That Pizza Place", where he listened to John Moore's band "Bluegrass Etc". When Thile was four, his family moved to Idyllwild, California.

He started playing mandolin at the age of five. He took lessons from John Moore. When Thile was eight, Nickel Creek was formed. After playing many music festivals with Nickel Creek, he won the national mandolin contest at the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield, Kansas at age twelve.

In 1993, Thile was signed to the bluegrass record label Sugar Hill. The next year, he released his first album, "Leading Off", and most of the songs were written by Thile. In 1997, Thile released "Stealing Second" and Nickel Creek released "Here to There".

After "Nickel Creek" sold 500,000 copies, Thile released "Not All Who Wander Are Lost" in 2001. The name of the album comes from a quote in J. R. R. Tolkien's book "The Lord of the Rings". The album had guest appearances from his Nickel Creek bandmates as well as Stuart Duncan, Béla Fleck, Edgar Meyer, Jerry Douglas, and Bryan Sutton.

In 2003, Thile and mandolinist Mike Marshall made a duet album called "Into the Cauldron," which had covers by artists from Charlie Parker to Bach. The next year, Thile released "Deceiver", a pop album on which he played and wrote every song himself. He mainly played his mandolin on the album, but also played electric guitar, piano, drums, violin, viola, cello, and bass.

In August 2006, Nickel Creek announced in "Billboard" and on their official website that they would take an "indefinite hiatus", which means a break for an unknown amount of time.

Just before this, Thile formed the How to Grow a Band. He made "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground", with them. This was Thile's fifth album. In an interview with the "Nashville City Paper", Thile talked about the band's start: 

The band's members are Thile (mandolin), Gabe Witcher (fiddle), Chris Eldridge (guitar), Greg Garrison (bass), and Noam Pikelny (banjo). Bryan Sutton also played guitar for the band when Chris Eldridge could not. In 2007, the band changed its name twice: first to "The Tensions Mountain Boys" and then "Punch Brothers."

Punch Brothers released their first album, "Punch", on the Nonesuch Records on February 26, 2008. The album has Thile's four piece song "The Blind Leaving the Blind", along with other original songs.





Košice

Košice (, IPA kɒʃɪtsə) is the second biggest city in Slovakia, and the biggest city in eastern Slovakia. About 235,000 people live in the city. Košice was founded in 1230.

The town of Košice is divided into 4 districts and 22 city parts:



International Brotherhood of Teamsters

The International Brotherhood of Teamsters (also just called the Teamsters) is an American labor union of truck drivers, airline workers, food processors, graphic designers, police officers, and other employees. With over 1.4 million members, it is one of the largest unions in the United States.

The Teamsters was founded in 1903, when most packages and other goods were delivered by a "team" of horses or oxen.

Boyfriend (disambiguation)

A boyfriend means a partner in a romantic relationship in which the two people are not married to each other.

Boyfriend or boyfriends can mean:


Entente cordiale

The Entente cordiale (French for 'friendly agreement') was a number of agreements signed on 8 April 1904 between the United Kingdom and France. Both countries were worried that their growing empires would cause a war between them. The agreement was the end of almost 1000 years of frequent wars.

The agreement led to the Triple Entente (including Russia), which fought the Triple Alliance (Germany, Italy and Austria-Hungary) in the First World War and has lasted ever since. It was the start of the Triple Entente and the first step to stopping Germany from expanding. France had more chance with Britain of winning against Germany on the Western Front.


Parma wallaby

The Parma wallaby (Macropus parma) is the smallest of the macropus genus. It can grow up to 52 cm in length, with a tail about the same length. They weigh up to 5 kg. The Parma wallaby's fur is a grey-brown colour on the back with a dark stripe. It has a white stripe on its face, and a white belly.
In the late 1800s it was thought to be extinct. Parma wallabies had been introduced and established on Kauwau Island, New Zealand, where they were rediscovered in the 1960s. A lot of effort was made to capture and take the wallabies back to Australia. A small, wild group was found in Gosford, New South Wales in the 1970s by Eric Worrell from the Australian Reptile Park. Parma wallabies are officially listed as vulnerable because there are not many of them, they only live in small areas, and they are threatened by land clearing and other animals such as foxes.


Triple Entente

The Triple Entente (English: "Triple Agreement") was the name given to an alliance between the United Kingdom, France and the Russian Empire. The alliance was made after the Entente cordiale of 1904 and the Anglo-Russian Entente between Britain and Russia in 1907. The alliance was made stronger by agreements made with Japan, the United States and Spain. In this form, there was a balance of power, which meant that no group was much stronger than any other, with the "Triple Alliance" of Germany, Austria-Hungary and Italy. If Italy was attacked by France she would have the help of the other two powers, and if France attacked Germany Italy would help Germany. 

With the First World War, these ententes were not military agreements - but they later involved the military because of the problems between the Triple Alliance and the Triple Entente. The Triple Entente became a military alliance. In 1915, Italy left the Triple Alliance, and from 1916 fought against Germany. The Russian revolution in October 1917 meant that Russia left the alliance, but the military alliance between France and the UK lasted until 1940, when Nazi Germany invaded France.
Later on, Italy joined the Entente in a battle against Austria–Hungary in May 1915 and Germany in August 1916. Dudley, Thomas Lloyd and Davey Murphy. 

During World War I, the alliance was expanded to create a multinational coalition, known as the "Allies". 

This included: 


Triple Alliance (1882)

The Triple Alliance was a military alliance (agreement to fight together) between Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Italy, that lasted from 1880 until the start of World War I in 1914. The three countries promised to help each other if another country attacked them. Some Italian people were not happy about the agreement because Austria-Hungary was an old enemy. In 1914, the Triple Alliance and the Triple Entente (France, Russia and the United Kingdom) started World War I. In 1915, Italy left the alliance and fought against Austria-Hungary and Germany from 1916.

The triple Alliance had many strong points but also negative ones. The positive ones were: the Alliance included two very powerful countries which were industrialized but the negatives were that if war were to be declared they would be encircled by the Triple Entente (France, Russia, and Britain). That would mean that they would have to divide their troops in two which would make the Germans much weaker

Bismark was the man behind the formation of the Triple Alliance. It was started as a dual alliance between Germany and Austria-Hungary because Germany had defeated the Franco-Prussian war of 1870-1871. 

With the outbreak of war amongst all of Europe, the Ottoman Empire joined the Triple Alliance in a pursuit of protection and power. 

Campus novel

A campus novel, also called the academic novel, is a novel that's story is around or about a campus of a university. The genre is said to have started in the 1950s. "The Groves of Academe" by Mary McCarthy, written in 1952, is often called the first campus novel, but some have also said that novels such as C.P. Snow's "The Masters", of the year before, were campus novels.

Crime fiction

Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that has to do with crimes, their solving, criminals, and their reasons for doing crime. Sometimes, crime fiction is also in the science fiction or historical fiction genres, but usually they are separate. It has several sub-genres, such as mystery fiction, legal thriller, (see John Grisham) and courtroom drama.


Marco Pantani

Marco Pantani (13 January 1970 – 14 February 2004) was an Italian professional cyclist. He was born in Cesena, Emilia-Romagna. He was very good at climbing mountains in races. In 1998 he won both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia. He was a popular cyclist, and his Italian fans gave him the nickname 'Il Pirata' (the pirate) because of his appearance (he often wore a bandana) and because of his aggressive riding style. He failed a test in the 1999 Giro d'Italia. He returned to cycling, but never won a major race again. In June of 2003 he went into hospital with depression. He died of a cocaine overdose in 2004 in Rimini, Emilia-Romagna. His last entry in his diary read:





Conscience

Conscience is something that tells people if what they are doing is right or wrong. Having it can make people sad about what they have done. It is the sense of the moral goodness or blameworthiness of one's own conduct, intentions, or character together with a feeling of obligation to do right or be good.

Middle English (also in the sense ‘inner thoughts or knowledge’): via Old French from Latin conscientia, from conscient- ‘being privy to’, from the verb conscire, from con- ‘with’ + scire ‘know’.



Clare

Clare can mean:







Clare, Suffolk

Clare is a small town on the north bank of the River Stour in Suffolk, England. Clare is an amazing town with it containing ruins of an old railway station.It has an amazing market in the town center every week.


Bernard Hinault

Bernard Hinault (born 14 November 1954) in Yffiniac is a French cyclist who won the Tour de France five times. He is also one of only seven cyclists to have won all three Grand Tours, the Tour de France, the Giro d'Italia, and the Vuelta a España. He is one of the two cyclists who has won each Grand Tour more than once. He won the Tour de France in 1978, 1979, 1981, 1982 and 1985. He was first in the Giro d'Italia in 1980, 1982 and 1985. He was first in the Vuelta a España in 1978 and 1983. Hinault had the nickname Le Blaireau (the Badger). Hinault says this was a local custom with cyclists when he was young. Professional cyclists used the nickname because badgers do not let go of their prey (animals they want to eat) easily. People know him as a very independent and strong man.



Hinault also won the season-long "Super Prestige Pernod International" competition four times from 1979 to 1982, the same as Jacques Anquetil's total.


Muzaffarabad

Muzaffarabad () is the capital city of Azad Kashmir. It is in Muzaffarabad District on the banks of the Jhelum and Neelum rivers. It is very hilly and mountainous. Majority of the population speak Hindko and are Muslim and follow Islam.

The district is bounded by Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the west, by the Kupwara and Baramulla districts of the Indian Jammu and Kashmir in the east, and the Neelum District of Azad Kashmir in the north. 

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 1

This is the results of "America's Next Top Model", Cycle 1.



Post-traumatic stress disorder

Post-traumatic stress disorder (sometimes also written "Posttraumatic stress disorder", often shortened to "PTSD") is an anxiety disorder. It can develop when people are severely harmed, or experience something extremely upsetting.

PTSD is different from traumatic stress, which is less intense and shorter, and combat stress reaction, which happens to soldiers in wartime situations and usually goes away. PTSD has been recognized in the past by different names, like shell shock, traumatic war neurosis, or post-traumatic stress syndrome (PTSS). Note that today, the term shell shock is mostly used for such conditions, in connection with World War I. 

Throughout history, there have been many accounts of people experiencing symptoms of what is now called PTSD. One such account describes Samuel Pepys, who witnessed the Great Fire of London in 1666. "Six months after the event, he wrote in his diary that he was unable to sleep at night, because a great fear of fire took him; one night he was unable to fall asleep before two in the morning, because of that fear."

Between 50% and 90% of people in the United States will experience a trauma at least once in their life. However, not everyone who experiences a trauma will develop PTSD. In the US, the prevalence of PTSD - the percentage of people who have the condition - is about 8%. 

PTSD is more common among specific groups of people who are more likely to experience a trauma. These groups include physicians, firefighters, soldiers and people working in emergency medical services. Among these people, the prevalence of PTSD is much higher, reaching over 50%.

It is also possible to develop PTSD after experiencing abuse. In cases where the abuse is ongoing and experienced over a long period of time, the PTSD is aggravated and referred to as Complex PTSD or CPTSD.

For PTSD to be diagnosed officially, a person has to meet specific criteria, or requirements, and show specific symptoms. These requirements are listed in the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual-IV-TR" (usually called the DSM-IV-TR). Written by the American Psychiatric Association (APA), the DSM-IV-TR (DSM, 4th Edition, Text Revision) lists all of the mental health conditions that are recognized by the APA, and sets out the official requirements that have to be met for each condition to be diagnosed.

According to the DSM-IV-TR, for PTSD to be diagnosed, a person has to meet the following requirements:

(A) Traumatic Exposure: The person has experienced a traumatic event. (Common traumatic events include being raped or sexually abused; being attacked or badly hurt; having a loved one die or be hurt; being a victim of a crime; and experiencing war or terrorism.) The traumatic event caused the person to be physically hurt or violated, or it put the person or others around them in danger of being hurt or killed. During the traumatic event, the person felt very scared, horrified, or helpless.

(B) Re-experiencing: Even after the trauma has ended, the person continues to re-experience the trauma in some way. For example, the person might have nightmares, or flashbacks (strong memories of the trauma, which are so vivid and intense that the person feels like they are experiencing the trauma all over again). The person might also have a strong physical or emotional reaction when something happens which reminds them of the trauma.

(C) Avoidance/Numbing: The person keeps trying to avoid things which remind them of the trauma, or things which bring up upsetting feelings about what happened. They might also forget parts of what happened to them, or might feel numb emotionally (have trouble feeling emotions as strongly as usual).

(D) Increased Arousal: The person's body shows signs of being on high alert, like it is always under attack. They might be jumpy, or have trouble with sleeping, concentrating, or feeling angry.

(E) The person's symptoms have lasted for at least a month. (If the person's symptoms have lasted for less than a month, Acute Stress Disorder is usually diagnosed instead of PTSD).

(F) The person's symptoms causes them to have trouble at work, in relationships, or in some other important area of their life.

Some experts have written that fabricated posttraumatic stress disorder should be considered when a patient's symptoms are suspicious or unusual. These experts (specifically, the "American Psychiatric Association" DSM IV manual; expert witnesses such as Eli S. Chesen, M.D.; and the textbook "Comprehensive Textbook of Psychiatry," by Freedman & Kaplan) have suggested that it should raise a "red flag" if a patient claims to be suffering from both PTSD and a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) as a result of the same accident. They suggest that TBI - a physical injury to the brain - causes amnesia, or memory loss, for the event that caused the brain injury. Without memory of the traumatic event, they reason, a patient probably could not experience certain symptoms of PTSD, like nightmares or flashbacks about the event, because they do not remember what happened. They conclude that in typical cases, Traumatic Brain Injury "trumps" the diagnosis of PTSD.

Hugo de Vries

Hugo Marie de Vries (Haarlem, 16 February 1848 – Lunteren, 21 May 1935) was a Dutch botanist and one of the first geneticists. He suggested the concept of genes, rediscovered Gregor Mendel's laws of heredity, and introduced the term "mutation". He developed a mistaken mutation theory of evolution, mainly due to the peculiarities of his favourite organism, the Evening Primrose ("Oenothera lamarckiana").

Carl Correns also – independently – rediscovered Gregor Mendel's work on genetics. Erich von Tschermak's status as a third rediscoverer is now less convincing. 

Carl Correns

Carl Erich Correns (10 September 1864 – 14 February 1933) was a German botanist and geneticist. His research into heredity led to his rediscovery of Gregor Mendel's earlier work. 

Hugo de Vries also – independently – rediscovered Gregor Mendel's work on genetics. Erich von Tschermak's status as a third rediscoverer is now less convincing.

Correns grew hybrids of peas, and of maize, and reached the same interpretation as Mendel, in 1899. 

The occurrence of cases in which the heterozygote is intermediate (the absence of dominance) was added in a footnote to his 1900 paper. That dominance was not always present had been seen and understood by Mendel, according to his letters to Nägeli. By a quirk of history Correns was a student of Nägeli, a renowned botanist with whom Mendel corresponded about his work with peas. Nägeli failed to understand how significant Mendel's work was.

In 1913 Correns became the first director of the newly founded Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Biology in Berlin-Dahlem.

Correns produced the first evidence of cytoplasmic inheritance, in his 1909 paper on variegated leaf colour in "Mirabilis jalapa". The basis of this inheritance is that chloroplasts, the organelles which conduct photosynthesis, are inherited solely from the maternal parent.

Erich von Tschermak

Erich von Tschermak-Seysenegg (15 November 1871 – October 11 1962) was an Austrian botanist.

Von Tschermak is one of three men – the others were Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns – who were credited with independently rediscovering Gregor Mendel's work on genetics. Von Tschermak published his findings in June 1900.

By a quirk of history, Correns had been a student of Karl Wilhelm von Nägeli. Nageli was a renowned botanist with whom Mendel corresponded about his work with peas, but who failed to understand how significant Mendel's work was. Von Tschermak was a grandson of a man who taught Mendel botany during his student days in Vienna.

Though von Tschermak was originally also credited with the rediscovery, this is no longer generally accepted, because he did not understand Mendel's laws.


Woodward's wallaroo

Woodward's wallaroo ("Macropus bernardus"), also called the black wallaroo and Bernard's wallaroo, is the smallest of the wallaroos. The male is black or dark brown and the female is a grey colour. It is a shy nocturnal grazer and does not live in big groups. It uses the rocky cliffs where it lives to shelter and hide from danger.

It is only found in a small, mountainous area in Arnhem Land, Northern Territory, between South Alligator River and Nabarlek. It classified as near threatened, because it is only found in this small area. The name wallaroo means a "rock kangaroo."


Alex Rodriguez

Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez (born July 27, 1975 in New York City, New York). In the past, he played as shortstop for the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers.

He is currently first in runs scored and total bases; second in extra base hits and RBI, and 4th in hits among all players in baseball history since their 31st birthday. Also, Rodriguez has more HR, RBI, runs scored and more base hits than all-time leaders Hank Aaron (RBI), Barry Bonds (HR), Rickey Henderson (runs scored), and Pete Rose (hits) did before their 31st birthdays. He is the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs, breaking the record Jimmie Foxx set in 1939.

He has been said to be one of the best all-around players currently in baseball.

In 2009, he admitted to using steroids from 2001-2003, during his time with the Texas Rangers, in order to become better at baseball.

His playing career ended in August of 2016.


Alex

Alex is a given name. It can refer to a shortened version of Alexander, Alexandra, Alexis. 















Tomatina

La Tomatina is a festival held on the last Wednesday of August each year in the town of Buñol in the Valencia region of Spain. Many people come from all over the world to throw one hundred tons of over-ripe tomatoes in the streets.


Wallaroo

A wallaroo is an Australian macropod with its size between the big kangaroos and the small wallabies. The name "wallaroo" is a mix of wallaby and kangaroo. Most wallaroos are smaller than a kangaroo, and live in open, rocky country. Wallaroo means "rock kangaroo". There are three types of wallaroo. They all stand the same way: wrists raised, elbows close into the body, and shoulders back, and all have a large, black nose.

The eastern wallaroo, "Macropus robustus", sometimes called the, common wallaroo or just wallaroo lives on the sides of the Great Dividing Range (which runs for more than 3,000 km along the eastern and south-eastern coast of Australia). There are four subspecies of Eastern Wallaroo: 

Woodward's wallaroo or black wallaroo, "Macropus bernardus", lives in steep, rocky ground in Arnhem Land. Between 60 to 70 cm in length (without tail) it is the smallest wallaroo and the most heavily built. Males weigh 19 to 22 kg, females about 13 kg. 

The antilopine wallaroo, "Macropus antilopinus", also called the antilopine kangaroo, is different to other wallaroos. It is, more like the eastern and western grey kangaroos. It lives in groups on the grassy plains and woodlands, where the other wallaroos live by themselves.

Zoe

Zoe could mean:

ZOE may stand for:


Zoe (name)

Zoë (and other such names) is a gender-neutral name which came from ancient Greece and means "life" in Greek. The pronunciation of the name is [ zoh-ee, zoh ]. This name was ranked #42 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Some uses of the name are:



Rick Warren

Richard Duane "Rick" Warren (born January 28, 1954) is both founder and pastor of the evangelical Baptist Saddleback Church in Southern California. It is the largest church in California. He is also the best-selling author of many Christian books, such as "The Purpose Driven Life". He is also an influential evangelical leader.

Warren was born in San Jose, California.

Antilopine kangaroo

The antilopine kangaroo ("Macropus antilopinus"), also called the antilopine wallaroo or the antilopine wallaby, is a large macropod that lives only in the tropical areas of northern Australia. They live in Cape York Peninsula in north Queensland, the "Top End" of the Northern Territory, and the Kimberley region of Western Australia. They live in groups feeding on the open grass lands. Antilopine kangaroos are often in groups of all males, or all females.

The male is a red colour and females are grey. The males can get as big as 70 kg, but the females are usually around 30 kg. It is slightly smaller than the red kangaroo ("Macropus rufus") and the eastern grey kangaroo ("Macropus giganteus"). Babies are born in the summer (February-March), and leave the mother's pouch in Novemember, at the start of the wet season

Climate change could mean that this kangaroo could become extinct in the future.


Synchronization

Synchronization is the co-ordination of a set of events into a system that works according to time. For example, a conductor of an orchestra serves to keep the orchestra "in time", or "synchronized". Systems that operate with all their parts in synchrony are said to be "synchronous" or "in sync".

In synchronization, time and order are important. It is used in many everyday systems, including those in transport, computer science, music, multimedia and telecommunication.

Today, synchronization can be done across the world due to digital signals and GPS-enabled time-keeping systems.



Peptide

Peptides are organic chemical molecules. They are polymers made from linking amino acids together in a certain order. The link between one amino acid residue and the next is known as an amide bond or a peptide bond.

Linking peptides together gives proteins, which are "polypeptides".


Cubic foot

A cubic foot is a measure of volume. It is the amount of liquid that can be fit into a box 1 foot deep, one foot wide, and one foot in length. A cubic foot can be written ft. It is used in the United States, and partially in Canada, and the United Kingdom.

Webmin

Webmin is a web-based system configuration tool for OpenSolaris, Linux and other Unix-like systems. It can configure many operating system internals, such as users, disk quotas, services, configuration files, as well as modify and control many opensource applications, such as the Apache HTTP Server, PHP and MySQL.

Webmin is largely based on Perl, running as its own process and web server. It defaults to TCP port 10000 for communicating, and can be configured to use SSL if OpenSSL is installed with extra required Perl Modules.

Family tree

A family tree is a chart showing family relationships in a tree structure form. The more detailed family trees used in medicine, genealogy, and social work are known as genograms.

As normally showed, a family tree "grows" down from the top, from the oldest generations at the top to the newer generations at the bottom. A tree showing the descendants of an individual (illustration right) will more closely look like a tree in shape; one showing the ancestors of an individual (illustration below in "The Family Tree of Sigmund") will be wider at the top than the bottom. When looking at the closer to the bottom of the tree, it will show more recent generations, and when looking farther up, there will be older generations.
the oldest family members go on the right maybe the left.


Survival of the fittest

Survival of the fittest is a famous phrase of Herbert Spencer which describes the idea that, in nature, there is competition to survive and reproduce. It is a metaphor, as are the phrases "struggle for existence", and "natural selection", both of which were used by Charles Darwin. Scientists often use such metaphors as shorthand for key ideas. These metaphors stick in the mind, but they need to be properly understood, or they may be used wrongly.

Herbert Spencer was a British social philosopher who applied his personal conception of evolution to many other fields, from the origin of the solar system to economics. He first used the term in his book "Principles of Biology", published in 1864. In that book (vol 1 p444) he wrote: "This survival of the fittest, which I have here sought to express in mechanical terms, is that which Mr. Darwin has called ‘natural selection’, or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life".

Spencer later published a book called "The Man versus the State". There, he used the phrase to explain why societies of a militant type would not adopt his theories. The way he uses the term suggests he is talking about a general principle.

Thus by survival of the fittest, the militant type of society becomes characterized by profound confidence in the governing power, joined with a loyalty causing submission to it in all matters whatever.
In the first four editions of "On the Origin of Species", Darwin used only the phrase "natural selection". It was his way of making an analogy with artificial selection (selective breeding), a practice which was well understood in England at that time.

Spencer's "Principles of Biology" was the first to use the phrase "survival of the fittest" in print. Darwin agreed that the phrase "survival of the fittest" was better than "natural selection". Natural selection personified nature, but was really about survival. "Survival of the fittest" would avoid this problem, but it "lost the analogy between nature's selection and the fanciers" (breeders). The phrase was first used by Darwin in the 5th edition of "The Origin" published in 1869, in which Chapter 4 describes "Natural Selection, or the Survival of the Fittest".

In the introduction to the 5th edition Darwin gave full credit to Spencer, writing "I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term Natural Selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer of the Survival of the Fittest is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient".

The co-discoverer of natural selection, Alfred Russel Wallace, also used the terms "survival of the fittest" and "struggle for existence". He rather preferred the last two terms to natural selection. Since both these evolutionists used them, the three metaphors were obviously useful in getting over what were, at the time, unfamiliar ideas.

The phrase "survival of the fittest" is shorthand for the fact that not all members of a species will contribute equally to the next generation. It is not a value judgement, but a concept of evolution equivalent to natural selection. Fitness is now used in a highly technical sense in population genetics, which should not be confused with its use in everyday language.

Today, the phrase "survival of the fittest" is widely used in popular literature for many topics, not just those related to biology. It has widely been used both by people who are in favour of Social Darwinism and those who are against it. It has also been used to talk about competition of all kinds. Popular literature often uses the phrase as a catchphrase. All such extensions of a metaphor need to be watched carefully. They may preserve the original meaning, or they may not.

Social responses to the idea of evolution

Evolution was an idea debated before Charles Darwin published "On the Origin of Species". In very broad terms, this idea says that species change over time. Even today, some people still talk about the concept of evolution and what it means to them, to their philosophy and their religion. Sometimes these people also talk about the social implications of evolution. This debate is mostly about the meaning of evolution to human life, or about human nature, not about how evolution works.

Some people believe in "guided evolution" or "theistic evolution". They say that evolution is real, but it is being guided it some way.

There are many different concepts of "theistic evolution". Many creationists believe that the creation myth found in their religion goes against the idea of evolution. As Darwin found out early on, the most controversial part of the evolutionary thought is its implications for human origins.

In some countries, especially in the United States, there is tension between people who accept the idea of evolution and those who reject it. The debate is mostly about if the ideas in evolution should be taught in schools, and in what way.

Other fields, like cosmology and earth science also do not match with the original writings of many religious texts. These ideas were once also fiercely opposed. Death for heresy was threatened to those who wrote against the idea that the Earth was the centre of the universe. Giordano Bruno was burnt at the stake by the Holy Inquisition for teaching that the Earth moved around the Sun (and other ideas).

Evolutionary biology is opposed much more from religious believers than other groups or organizations.

The Roman Catholic Church now has a neutral position with regards to evolution. Pope Pius XII stated in his encyclical "Humani Generis" published in the 1950s:
Pope John Paul II updated this position in 1996. He said that Evolution was "more than a hypothesis":
The Anglican Communion also does not oppose the scientific account of evolution.

Many of those who accepted evolution were not much interested in biology. They were interested in using the theory to support their own ideas on society.

In the Bible, for instance, after Noah's Ark landed, there is a passage that describes how Noah got drunk while naked and Ham laughed at him. Noah cursed Ham, which somehow became part of a justification for racism and slavery.

Later, people also tried to use evolution to support racism. Evolution itself is not about racism. However, people wanting to justify racism claimed that black people were inferior. They said that because evolution shows that, in nature, "better" animals tend to survive, leading to evolution of improved animals, they had the right to oppress the "weaker". They believed they were clearly "better", but that would need evidence. There is no agreed evidence that any race of humans is better than any other race.

The idea of eugenics was rather different. Two things had been noticed as far back as the 18th century. One was the great success of farmers in breeding cattle and crop plants. They did this by selecting which animals or plants would produce the next generation (artificial selection). The other observation was that lower class people had more children than upper-class people. If (and it's a big if) the higher classes were there on "merit", then their lack of children was the exact reverse of what should be happening. Faster breeding in the lower classes would lead to the society getting worse.

The idea to improve the human species by selective breeding is called eugenics. The name was proposed by Francis Galton, a bright scientist who meant to do good. Today, Galton is remembered for many things he did in statistics and psychology. He was the first to use regression analysis to see how different things that depend on one another influence one another. He used fingerprints in forensic science. He is seen as the father of experimental psychology, together with Wilhelm Wundt. He developed the bean machine to show probability distributions, among other things.

Galton's ideas were meant to do good. He said that the human gene pool should be improved by selective breeding policies. This would mean that those who were considered "good stock" would receive a reward if they reproduced. However, other people added to this, and said those considered "bad stock" would need to undergo compulsory sterilization, prenatal testing and birth control; and they might even have to be killed.

The problem with Galton's idea is how to decide which features to select. There's so many different skills people could have, you could not agree who was "good stock" and who was "bad stock". There was rather more agreement on who should "not" be breeding. Several countries passed laws for the compulsory sterilisation of unwelcome groups. Most of these laws were passed during between 1900 and 1940. After World War II, disgust at what the Nazis had done lowered public support for forced eugenics.

Another example of using wrong ideas about evolution to support bad things is "Social Darwinism". Social Darwinism is a term given to the ideas of the 19th century British social philosopher Herbert Spencer. Spencer had ideas about "survival of the fittest", which he applied to commerce and human societies as a whole.

Other people used these ideas to claim that social differences, racism, and imperialism were justified. Today, most scientists and philosophers say that the theory of evolution should not be used to support such ideas. They also say that it is difficult to find data that can support them.

Certain people oppose the idea of evolution. They disagree with it for a number of reasons. Most often these reasons are influenced by their religious beliefs. Their beliefs are usually called creationism or intelligent design.

Despite this, evolution is one of the most successful theories in science. People have found it to be useful for different kinds of research. None of the other proposals explain things, such as fossil records, as well. So, for almost all scientists, evolution is not in doubt.


Palembang

Palembang is a city in Indonesia. It is in the south of the Indonesian island of Sumatra. As of mid-2019, 1,662,893 people live there. It is the capital of the province of South Sumatra.

The city was the capital of the old, Buddhist kingdom of Srivijaya that included a large part of Malaysia and Indonesia. After a 1025 raid by the Chola Empire of southern India it became less imortant. Srivijaya's capital moved north to Jambi. Palembang is also the home of Parameswara, the ruler of Malacca (a state in Malaysia) who started the most important empire in Malaysian history. 

The Battle of Palembang was fought near the city during the Second World War between February 13-February 15 1942. Japanese forces captured the airport and nearby oil refinery after a short but bloody battle.

Palembang's economy has grown after it became a venue for National Sporting Event in 2004. . Palembang was also one of hosts of the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.

The city is served by Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II Airport which has many flights to many cities in Indonesia and also to Singapore and Malaysia.

This city is famous in Indonesia for its "Pempek" fish cakes.


Social darwinism

Social darwinism is a term used for different movements. Charles Darwin was the main proposer of evolution. Evolution is a concept from biology that explains how different life-forms change over time. Most offspring are not exactly like their parents. Some of the children will have different features (or traits). These features may mean that some children are better adapted to the place where they live. If so, the children will have a better chance to survive and reproduce.

Social darwinism theories try to use these ideas from biology for human society. They talk about a "Struggle for survival" of human societies. During the era of Nazi ideologies, the idea of Survival of the fittest combined with racism. They claimed the Aryan race was better than all the other races and therefore needed more space to live. This space was to be provided in the east (where mostly Slavs lived). 
Today, this is seen as wrong. There was no evidence that Slavs were, as individuals, any better or worse than Germans.

Although Darwin's idea was revered in most of the western societies, some Russian intellectuals did not accept his ideas. They feared that accepting Darwin's ideas would cause harm. One of Darwin's biggest critic was Leo Tolstoy, who felt strongly against what he thought was Darwin's idea. In a letter from his death bed, he warned his children not to take Darwin's struggle for existence as a moral guide. Darwin never suggested his ideas were a basis for human life, just a description of what had happened in evolution.

Social darwinism takes the ideas from Darwin’s theory of evolution and uses it on society. Darwin believed that people who were more able to survive were able to have kids with similar abilities. Social Darwinism says that people who have more skills will become more successful. These people can spread their influence and change the politics and society around them to make it better for themselves. 

Herbert Spencer's ideas of evolutionary progressivism, stemmed from his reading of Thomas Malthus. His later theories were influenced by those of Darwin. However, Spencer's major work, "Progress: its law and cause" (1857), was released two years before the publication of Darwin's "On the Origin of Species", and Spencer's "First Principles" was printed in 1860.

In "The Social Organism" (1860), Spencer compares society to a living organism and argues that, just as biological organisms evolve through natural selection, society evolves and increases in complexity through analogous processes.

In many ways, Spencer's theory of cosmic evolution has much more in common with the works of Lamarck and Auguste Comte's positivism than with Darwin's.

Social darwinism may be used as a drive for political parties. For example, the Nazis during World War 2. They preferred some people over others based on ideas like race, and the amount of political control they had. They did not like the Jewish people because they thought they were less than human and were not as important as the rest of the people of Germany. 

To justify war on the basis of race is common throughout history. It was very often used in the ancient world when nothing was known about heredity. Nothing that Darwin wrote ever came close to justifying warfare. Warfare has a much longer history than Darwinism. Its roots lie in the struggle for survival of groups of early humans, not in any modern science. Darwin, on the other hand, was basically a pacifist:

"... Social instincts lead an animal to take pleasure in the society of its fellows, to feel a certain amount of sympathy with them, and to perform various services for them".

Beccles

Beccles is a small market town in Suffolk, England, around the area of The Broads. The town had a population of about 9, 850 people around 2005. Beccles has a suburb called Worlingham which has a combined population of about 13,580. Beccles is twinned with Petit-Couronne in France.

Beccles was once a flourishing Saxon riverport, but today it is in the Waveney valley. There is a popular boating centre. The town was granted its Charter in 1584 by Queen Elizabeth I.

The Peck family was associated with Beccles for a long time. The Puritan Peck was eventually forced to leave, and went to Hingham, Massachusetts, founded by many members of his parish, where he lived for several years, until King Charles I had been executed and Oliver Cromwell was in charge of government. At that time, Robert Peck decided to return to Hingham, Norfolk, and continued his pastorship of St. Andrews Church. He died in Hingham but he left descendants in America, as well as his brother Joseph Peck, who settled in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.

Lamarckism

Lamarckism (also called Lamarckian evolution) is a wrong hypothesis regarding evolution. Evolution tries to explain how species change over time. Today, the only widely accepted theory of evolution is that developed from the ideas of Charles Darwin.

Lamarckism is named after Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck. He based his ideas, to some extent, on those of Erasmus Darwin, the grandfather of Charles Darwin. Lamarckism says that individuals do not only pass on the things they received from their parents, but also some things they experienced during their lifetime. As an example, he cited giraffes. Giraffes, which have long necks, must have evolved from ancestors with much shorter necks. His idea was that adults needed to stretch their neck to reach leaves from high branches. Therefore, he thought, the children inherited longer necks. This idea is called "the inheritance of acquired characteristics".

Although Darwin did not entirely break with these ideas, his characteristic idea of natural selection relates to the individuals's relative survival and success in reproduction. Better adapted forms leave, on average, more offspring. This changes the proportion of alleles in the population.

Gregor Mendel discovered some basic rules of heredity. These rules of Mendelian inheritance contradict Lamarck's hypotheses entirely, but are consistent with natural selection. This explains why Lamarck's ideas are no longer regarded as a sound explanation of evolution. Where Lamarck and Darwin do agree is that evolution did take place.

The identification of "Lamarckism" with the inheritance of acquired characteristics alone is regarded by some as an over-simplification, rehashed in textbooks repeatedly. Stephen Jay Gould wrote that late 19th century evolutionists "re-read Lamarck, cast aside the guts of it... and elevated one aspect of the mechanics – inheritance of acquired characters – to a central focus it never had for Lamarck himself". He argued that "the restriction of Lamarckism to this relatively small and non-distinctive corner of Lamarck's thought must be labelled as more than a misnomer, and truly a discredit to the memory of a man and his much more comprehensive system". Gould advocated defining "Lamarckism" more broadly, in line with Lamarck's overall evolutionary theory.

However, as scientist historians such as Michael Ghiselin and Stephen Jay Gould have pointed out, none of these views were original to Lamarck. On the contrary, Lamarck's contribution was a systematic theoretical framework for understanding evolution. He saw evolution as comprising two processes;


In essence, a change in the environment brings about a change in needs ("besoins"), resulting in a change in behavior, bringing change in organ usage and development, bringing change in form over time — and thus the gradual transmutation (change) of the species.

The modern point of view is that neither of his two 'forces' exists; Lamarck can be credited with the first fully worked-out account of evolution. However, his ideas of how it came about are entirely mistaken.

Darwinism

Darwinism is a term used to talk about ideas connected to those Charles Darwin had about evolution. The meaning of 'Darwinism' has changed over time, and depends on who uses the term.


The term was coined by Thomas Henry Huxley in April 1860. He used it to describe evolutionary concepts, including similar ideas such as Malthusianism and Spencerism. In the late 19th century, it came to mean the concept that natural selection was the only mechanism of evolution, in contrast to Lamarckism. Around 1900, Gregor Mendel's work was rediscovered. Today, Darwin and Mendel's ideas have been brought together. The term 'Darwinism' has become associated with the modern evolutionary synthesis. 

Istria

Istria (Croatian, Slovene: "Istra", Italian: "Istria"), formerly Histria (Latin), is the biggest peninsula in the Adriatic Sea.

Source: Croatian Census - 2001. Slovenian Census - 2002. Italian Census - 1970/2001


Prenatal diagnosis

Prenatal testing or Prenatal diagnosis are tests done on pregnant women. They are used to test fetuses for birth defects and some genetic disorders. 

Prenatal tests can be non-invasive or invasive. Non-invasive tests include things like utrasounds. In invasive tests, a needle is inserted - for example, to get a sample of fluid from the placenta). 

Prenatal tests can check for many conditions, like:

In some cases, the tests are administered to determine if the parents want to abort the fetus.

In some cases, fetal screening has been done to identify things that are not birth defects. For example, in some parts of the world, if an ultrasound shows that a fetus is female, it is sometimes aborted. The rise of designer babies raises a number of ethical and legal issues.

Compulsory sterilization

Compulsory sterilization is a term used for laws that force certain groups of people to be sterilized so that they can no longer make babies. International Criminal Court considers compulsory sterilization for a "crime against humanity". Transgender persons are often obliged to undergo sterilization for legal rocognition of legal status depite the Principle 3 of the Yogyakarta Principles. 

Such laws were mainly introduced because of Eugenic views of the start of the 20th century. Today, most compulsory sterilizations are done to mentally ill people who are not able to handle a pregnancy on their own. In China, compulsory sterilization is part of family planning.

List of Italian place names in Dalmatia

This is a list of Italian language place names on the Dalmatian coast, including the islands up to Rijeka/Fiume.
























Malthusianism

Malthusianism is a set of ideas developed by Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus. Malthus was an economist who lived during the industrial revolution.

In 1798, Mathus published a book, called "An Essay on the Principle of Population". In it, he describes his Malthusian growth model. He wrote that the growth of the population is exponential, but the growth of the food supply is only arithmetical. This means if there are no limits to the growth of the population, it will not be possible to produce food for all of them. Malthus was read by Charles Darwin. It showed Darwin that the survival of a species was something which needed explaining.

The Tory party had paternalistic ideas such as charity for the poor. Malthus said this would not work, and it would only lead to increased numbers of the poor. The theory was developed into Whig economic ideas such as The Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834. Its opponents described the act as "a Malthusian bill designed to force the poor to emigrate, to work for lower wages, to live on a coarser sort of food". The act brought the construction of workhouses despite riots and arson.

By that time the ideas were widespread in progressive social circles. One supporter was the novelist Harriet Martineau who also knew Charles Darwin. The ideas of Malthus were a significant influence on the development of Darwin's ideas.

Though Malthusianism has since come to be identified with the issue of general over-population, the original Malthusian concern was more specifically with the fear of over-population by the dependent poor.

One of the earliest critics of Malthusian theory was Karl Marx who referred to it. Many people today believe that Malthus was right about human population growth getting out of hand.



Greg LeMond

Gregory James "Greg" LeMond (born June 26, 1961 in Lakewood, California) is an American road racing cyclist who raced as a professional from 1981 to 1994.

He became the first American to win the Tour de France in 1986. In 1987 he was injured in a shooting accident, and could not race again until 1989, when he won the Tour de France again. He beat the French cyclist Laurent Fignon in an individual time trial using aero bars, which made him more aerodynamic (able to move through air easily). He won the Tour de France again in 1990. He now runs a bicycle company, and works to help people who are victims of sexual abuse. He has been diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

"First year as a professional."



Francis Galton

Sir Francis Galton FRS (Birmingham, 16 February 1822 – Surrey, 17 January 1911), half-cousin of Charles Darwin, was an English scientist. His main field of work was human biology and inheritance of mental characteristics.

Galton was a polymath: an anthropologist, a eugenicist, a tropical explorer, geographer, inventor, meteorologist, proto-geneticist, psychometrician, and statistician. He was knighted in 1909.

Galton produced over 340 papers and books in his lifetime. He created the statistical concepts of normal distribution, correlation and regression toward the mean. He was the first to apply statistical methods to the study of human differences and inheritance of intelligence. 

He was the first person to do twin studies. His method was to trace twins through their life-history, making many kinds of measurement. Unfortunately, though he knew about monozygotic (identical twins) and dizygotic twins, he did not appreciate the real genetic difference. Twin studies of the modern kind did not appear until the 1920s.

He also introduced the use of questionnaires and surveys to collect data on human communities. He needed such data for genealogical and biographical works and for his anthropometric studies. He was a pioneer in eugenics, coining the very term itself and the phrase "nature versus nurture". As an investigator of the human mind, he founded psychometrics (the science of measuring mental faculties) and differential psychology. 

Galton created a method for classifying fingerprints that proved useful in forensic science. As the initiator of scientific meteorology, he devised the first weather map, proposed a theory of anticyclones, and was the first to establish a complete record of short-term climatic phenomena on a European scale. He also invented the Galton Whistle for testing differential hearing ability.


Herbert Spencer

Herbert Spencer (27 April 1820 – 8 December 1903) was an English philosopher, and a prominent liberal political and social theorist of the Victorian era.
Spencer developed an all-embracing conception of evolution. He saw evolution as the progressive development of the physical world, biological organisms, the human mind, and human culture and societies. 

Spencer never married; he remained a bachelor. He contributed to a wide range of subjects, including ethics, religion, politics, philosophy, biology, sociology, and psychology.

Like Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace, he read Malthus' "Essay on the principle of population", and was deeply impressed by its argument. Malthus said that sooner or later population growth gets checked by famine and disease, and there are then many deaths. So, he was prepared for Darwin's idea of natural selection, which he preferred to call "survival of the fittest". He did this in "Principles of Biology" (1864), after reading Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species".

Spencer's term does strongly suggest natural selection, yet as he extended evolution into realms of sociology and ethics, Spencer made use of Lamarckism rather than natural selection, so it seems he was not a Darwinian after all. Others took up his social ideas, and drew the conclusion that it was useless to try and help the poor, and that competition without limits was the way society should go. Darwin himself did not accept these ideas, but they were quite widespread in the United States at the end of the nineteenth century.

National sport

A national sport is a sport or game that was invented and firstly played by citizens of the same country or nation. It also means the game or sport has a long history of popularity in the country or nation.
Each country has its own national sport.

Coevolution

Coevolution is where the existence of one species is tightly bound up with the life of one or more other species. Species whose lives connect, evolve together. What happens is that survival rates in each species changes as a result of changes in the other species.

Examples of coevolution are:
Coevolution is extremely common, and may involve more than two species. Mimicry rings, with dozens of species, are known.

New or 'improved' adaptations which occur in one species are often followed by the appearance and spread of related features in the other species.

The study of coevolution dates back to Darwin's "On the Origin of Species". There he discussed how cats increased heather by reducing mice. The point being that mice raid bumblebee nests and bumblebees pollinate red heather. So more cats cause more heather. In the last paragraph of the Origin Darwin remarks:

Hermann Müller was an important worker on co-evolution. His studies on bees and the evolution of flowers were quoted by Darwin in "The Descent of Man". His papers in the journal "Nature" had heading "On the fertilisation of flowers by insects and on the reciprocal adaptations of both". This shows Müller fully understood the concept of coevolution.

The life and death of living things is intimately connected, not just with the physical environment, but with the life of other species. These relationships are dynamic, and may continue for millions of years, as has the relationship between flowering plants and insects (pollination).<br>The gut contents, wing structures, and mouthparts of fossilized beetles and flies suggest that they acted as early pollinators. The association between beetles and angiosperms during the Lower Cretaceous period led to parallel radiations of angiosperms and insects into the late Cretaceous. The evolution of nectaries in Upper Cretaceous flowers signals the beginning of the mutualism between hymenopterans and angiosperms.

Another good example is malaria, in which there are three 'partners': the mosquito, the parasite "Plasmodium", and a land vertebrate, such as a mammal or bird. The actual species of malaria differs according to the vertebrate, so there are actually thousands of different relationships which follow the same pattern.

Adaptive radiation and speciation rates can be high in parasites. Sibling species are very common in the bug "Erythroneura", in which about 150 transfers from one host to another has resulted in about 500 species in the genus.

The clearest evidence comes from the large size of many parasitic families. 

A huge number of species are parasitic. A survey of the feeding habits of British insects showed that about 35% were parasites on plants, and slightly more were parasites on animals. That means that nearly 71% of insects in Britain are parasitic. Since British insects are better known than those elsewhere (because of the length of time they have been studied), this means that by far the majority of insect species throughout the world are parasitic. Another estimate went:

There are several other invertebrate phyla which are wholly or largely parasitic. Flatworms and roundworms are found in virtually every wild species of vertebrate. Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous. Hence parasitism is almost certainly the most common feeding method on Earth.

Recent publications have given an overview of the 150 years of research into co-evolution after the "Origin of species".
Many species are parasites or are specialised to live in one or a few hosts. A single species of tropical tree is, on average, a host to 162 host-specific beetle species. Since there are 50,000 tropical tree species, and beetles amount to 40% of total insect species, and there are also tree-specific species below the canopy, it is possible to estimate the total number of arthropod species living in tropical forests. The number is 30 million. This contrasts rather strongly with the total of 1.4 to 1.8 million species which have already been described. It seems textbooks have underestimated the number of species in existence by a factor of about 20.

The single factor which most causes this high number of species is phytophagy: the huge number of insect species, each eating one or a few plant species. And what insects do, so do fungi, nematodes, mites and other invertebrates.

The geographic mosaic theory of coevolution was developed by John N Thompson as a framework for envisioning the coevolutionary process in real populations and species. It has been an attempt to incorporate the minimum components of population biology needed for an ecologically and evolutionarily realistic theory of coevolution and evolving interactions in general. It applies to pairs of interacting species, small groups of interacting species, and large webs of interactions. 

Assumptions: Geographic mosaic theory is based on several observations long known to biologists. These observation are taken as assumptions in the development of geographic mosaic theory:

1. Species are often collections of genetically distinct populations

2. Interacting species often differ in their geographic ranges

3. interactions among species differ among environments in their ecological outcomes.
The Hypothesis: From these assumptions, geographic mosaic theory argues that coevolution proceeds by natural selection acting on three sources of variation that affect interactions among species. These three sources of variation can be formally partitioned as genotype by genotype by environment interactions (GxGxE).

1. Geographic selection mosaics: The "structure of natural selection" on interactions differs among environments (e.g., high vs. low temperatures, high vs. low nutrient conditions; a surrounding species web that is species-rich vs. species poor). This variation occurs because genes are expressed in different ways in different environments (GxE interactions) and species affect each other's fitness in different ways in different environments. 

For example,  an interaction may be antagonistic in one environment and mutualistic in another environment; or it may be antagonistic in all environments but selection may favor different traits in different environments).

2. Coevolutionary hotspots: The i"ntensity of reciprocal selection" differs among environments. Interactions are subject to reciprocal selection only within some local communities, called coevolutionary hotspots. These coevolutionary hotspots are embedded in a broader matrix of coevolutionary coldspots, where local natural selection is non-reciprocal or where only one of the participants occurs.

For example, an interaction may be mutualistic or antagonistic in some environments (coevolutionary hotspots) but commensalistic in other environments (coevolutionary coldspots).

3. Trait remixing: The overall genetic structure of coevolving species continually changes through new mutations, genomic alterations, gene flow among populations, differential random genetic drift among populations, and extinction of local populations that differ in the combinations of coevolving traits they harbor. New genetic material on which natural selection can act can result from simple genetic mutations, chromosomal rearrangements, hybridization between populations, or whole genome duplications (polypoloidy). These processes contribute to the shifting geographic mosaic of coevolution by continually altering the spatial distributions of potentially coevolving genes and traits.

The combination of these processes continually changes the distribution of genotypes within any local population and the distribution of genotypes among populations.

NOTE: Some descriptions of geographic mosaic theory collapse this “trait remixing” part of geographic mosaic theory to gene flow. That is an incorrect characterization. The point of trait remixing is that through a combination of genetic, genomic, and ecological processes, the available distribution of coevolving traits on which natural selection can act continues to change over time within and among populations.

In studies of coevolution, a GxGxE interaction can be viewed either in the most formal way at the gene or genotype level (i.e., how selection acts on the same gene or genotype in across contrasting environments), or it can be viewed more generally at the level of how natural selection acts on two or more interacting species across many contrasting environments. 

See books by John N Thompson (1982 Interaction and Coevolution; 1994 The Coevolutionary Process; 2005 The Geographic Mosaic of Coevolution; 2013 Relentless Evolution)

Rongorongo

Rongorongo is a system of writing native to Easter Island. It cannot be read. There are two dozen examples of rongorongo script, mostly carved on tablets made from wood of the portia tree "Thespesia populnea," known as "makoi" in Rapanui (Easter Island) language. The longest inscription in existence is the Santiago Staff, a wooden sceptre 126 centimetres long and 6.5 centimetres wide, bearing 2300 glyphs (Gr. "γλυφη" "carving"). The staff, which once belonged to an Easter Island king, was acquired by the Chilean Navy in 1870 and is now in Santiago's Museum of Natural History.

In 2019, only 25 texts were seen as . These texts and artefacts are distributed over diffent museum in the world, none remains on the Easter Island. The total text corpus is about 14,000 "letters", made of about 600 different glyphs. The writing was probably used for religious puroposes; only very few people used it. The age of the writing is unknown. In the 19th century, Europeans received the first objects with writing on them. Some glyphs show plants that do not exist, or have never existed on Easter Island. One example is the Breadfruit, which has never existed on Eastter Island. The knowledge of the plant must have been passed on from the first settlers, from generation to generation. 

When the Euopeans came ot the island, they paid high prices for tablets containing Rongoro. Today, there are a number of artefacts containing Rongorongo whch are clear forgeries. There are some, where the claim is disputed.



Candle Festival

The Candle Festival (known in Thai as Haetian) is held in Ubon Ratchathani, Isan, Thailand.

At the start of rainy season, it is traditional for the devout to donate to monks items of personal use, such as candles. This part of the festival became the core of the Ubon Ratchathani version of the event. It is now a major event both for residents and for tourists: giant candles are paraded through the town, each representing a local temple, district or other institution. The more elaborate versions are accompanied by scenes of Hindu and Buddhist mythology sculpted in wood or plaster and coated with wax.

Portia tree

The portia tree ("Thespesia populnea") Family Malvaceae, is a small tree or shrub 5-10 (-20) m high that is pantropical in littoral environments, although probably native only to the Old World. In Hawai‘i and elsewhere in the Pacific it is possibly indigenous, although may have been spread by early Polynesians for its useful wood and fiber.

Common names vary according to the country and include "Indian tulip tree", "Pacific rosewood", "seaside mahoe" (in Florida), "surina" (the "elegant tree"), "suriya" (Sinhala), "bebaru" or "baru baru" (Malay), "milo" or "miro" (in many Polynesian languages), "mako‘i" (Rapanui), "gangaraavi" (Telugu), "poovarasu" (Tamil), and "plaksa" (Sanskrit).

Traditionally it was planted in sacred groves and used for religious sculpture throughout eastern Polynesia. It was used for the rongorongo tablets of Easter Island.



The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap

The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap, known in Japan as , is an action adventure video game made by Flagship and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance game console.

PAL region

The PAL region is a PAL region which covers most of Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe.


The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Adventures

The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Adventures, known in Japan as , is an action adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console.

The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Ages and Oracle of Seasons

The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Ages and The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons are action adventure video games made by Capcom and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color game console.

The Triforce sends Link to the land of Holodrum, where he stumbles upon a traveling group of performers. After resting with them a bit, he finds out that the mysterious dancer from the troupe is actually the Oracle of Seasons, Din. An evil general named Onox comes and captures her in order to gain power. By doing so he also puts all the seasons into chaos and evil spreads throughout the land. Link must find all the essences of nature to defeat the evil general to save Din.

The Triforce sends Link to the land of Labrynna, where he finds a woman named Impa. They go to see a singer named Nayru. Nayru is the Oracle of Ages. Impa is revealed to have been possessed by Veran, Sorceress of Shadows, who leaves Impa and goes to possess Nayru, causing the time to fall into chaos. Link must find the Essences of Time in order to save Nayru from Veran.

The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask

It was also included in .

After "", Link is led to Termina by the possessed Skull Kid and is turned into a Deku, a small, wooden creature. He meets the Happy Mask Salesman, a very moody man. He offers to fix Link if he gets the mask Skull Kid got with a time of three days. However, three days passed, and the Skull Kid, possessed with Majora's Mask (what the Happy Mask Salesman needed) brings the moon down to destroy Termina. Link stops him, gets his ocarina back, and returns back three days ago. He returns to the Salesman who believes Link has the mask. He reheals him before he sees Link never got the mask. Link now has to stop the moon that will destroy everything, which is being done by Majora's Mask, the mask held by Skull Kid. To stop it, he needs to summon the Four Giants. He fights the possessed spirits, and the Giants hold the moon. However, Majora's Mask leaves Skull Kid and goes to the Moon, After helping people, Link finally goes to the moon. It is actually a plain with a tree. Under the tree, a kid agrees to play with him as the final battle takes hold. Link finally defeats the evil in Majora's Mask and it is now a lifeless mask. He returns it to the Salesman. After this, Link leaves Termina as the game ends.

The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening

The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, known in Japan as , is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console. It was remade for the Game Boy Color with full color graphics and new features.

Unlinke most The Legend of Zelda games, "Link's Awakening"'s history is outside of the Hyrule kingdom. No location or character of the other games appear, aside the presence of the main hero Link and a mention to the princess Zelda. The game takes place in a completely new region, the Koholint island.

After the events of , the hero Link travels by boat to other countries to become stronger. When he is going back to Hyrule, a storm destroys his boat, and Link loses consciousness. Marin, a girl living on Koholint, takes him to her house. When Link wakes up, he meets Marin and her father, Tarin. Marin is fascinated by Link and by the world outside Koholint, and she tells Link that if she were a seagull, she would travel beyond her island.

Links goes out to find his sword and when he finds it, an owl tells him that if he wants to go back home, he must wake up the Wind Fish, the guardian of the island that sleeps in an egg at the top of the island. For this he needs the eight Instruments of the Sirens. Link explores dungeons to find these instruments. When he searches the seventh instrument, at the Ancient Ruins, he finds a texts that tells the reality about the Koholint isle: it is a dream world that only exists in the dream of the Wind Fish.

After finding all eight instruments, Link goes to the top of the island: mount Tamaranch. There he plays the 'Ballad of the Windfish' with the instruments. This breaks the egg; Link then goes into the egg. Here, he fights against the last monster. When he wins the battle, the owl reveals that he is a part of the Wind Fish's spirit, and the Wind Fish confirms that this world was only a dream.

Link plays the ballad of the Wind Fish a second time, and the Wind Fish finally wakes up; Koholint and its inhabitants disappear, everything of this dream disappears. Link wakes up in the ocean, on a piece of wood (his boat was destroyed). The Wind Fish flies above him. After the credits, if the player did not lose any life during the game, we see a seagull flying away and Marin's face appears (she, the seagull, finally is outside of her island).

The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past

The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, known in Japan as is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo game console. It's the third game of "The Legend of Zelda series", though it is a prequel to "The Legend of Zelda" and "". It's about a young boy named Link who has to save Princess Zelda and six other maidens from Ganon using the Master Sword to save them. It got great reviews and it's one of the best-selling Super Nintendo games of all time.

"A Link to the Past" is in Hyrule, the main area of "The Legend of Zelda" series. The Light World has many areas from other "The Legend of Zelda" games, like Hyrule Castle, Death Mountain, the Lost Woods, Lake Hylia, and Kakariko Village. Most of Hyrule is grass-land, with deserts, forests, and villages. The Dark World, a dark version of Hyrule, has very little grass-land and has a large pyramid in the middle. When people enter the Dark World, they get turned into what's in their hearts (for example, Link turns into a pink bunny).


The story starts with Link in bed when a voice calls out to him. The voice is Princess Zelda's, and she asks for help escaping from Hyrule Castle before the evil wizard Agahnim can seal her away like the other maidens before her. Link's Uncle hears it too, and goes to save her. When Link follows him into the sewer, he finds his Uncle half-alive, and his Uncle gives Link his sword and shield before he dies. Link breaks Zelda out of her cell and takes her through a secret path to a sanctuary where she stays and hides. Link is told by an old man called Sahasrahla that he has to find the pendants of power, wisdom, and courage in three dungeons so he can break the seal on the ancient weapon, the Master Sword. Link finds the pendants in the Eastern Palace, the Desert Palace, and the Tower of Hera, and brings them to the Lost Woods, where he pulls the Master Sword out of its pedestal. Zelda gets kidnapped before he can get to her, and Link fights Agahnim. He and Agahnim go to the Dark World, and Link appears on top of a large pyramid. He has to find the seven crystals that have seven maidens in them, including Zelda, so he can get to Ganon's Tower. After he gets them all, he goes to the top of the tower and battles Agahnim again. He kills him, and Ganon in a bat form flies out of the corpse and into the Pyramid of Power. Link battles Ganon using the Master Sword and Silver Arrows, and eventually kills him. He finds the Triforce that Ganon used to corrupt the Golden Land, and uses it to wish everything back to normal, and Link puts the Master Sword back in the pedestal.

"A Link to the Past" plays like "The Legend of Zelda" for the NES with a bird's eye view view instead of ""<nowiki>'</nowiki>s sidescrolling view, and stars a boy named Link. He has a sword and shield, and many other items from older games including a bow, a boomerang, and bombs. He always has a sword and shield out when he has them, and can have one other item equipped. Link uses them to explore Hyrule, battle enemies, and solve puzzles. It adds onto the gameplay of "The Legend of Zelda", with better controls and new items, like the hookshot and Pegasus Boots which have appeared in many "The Legend of Zelda" games after it. It also adds a feature used in many games after it, which is going back and forth between two worlds. This was first used again after "A Link to the Past" in "", where Link travels back and forth in time. Link also has a magic meter like in "Zelda II", which he needs to use items like the Lantern and Ice Rod. Throughout Hyrule, there are many items to find and Heart Pieces too that add to Link's health.

Link has to go around Hyrule and battle enemies, find items, and find the dungeons that he has to go to. There are many kinds of items, some of them being too strong for a sword. There are a lot of puzzles that require Link to use his many items to complete in the dungeons. In every dungeon, there is almost always these items - a Compass, a Dungeon Map, several Keys, a Big Key, a special dungeon item usually used to beat the dungeon, and a magical item after the boss. The boss at the end of the dungeon is always different, and are much more powerful than regular enemies in the game.

Kōji Kondō, a famous Nintendo musician, was in charge of the soundtrack for this game. Several songs in this game were remixed in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", including the Dark Woods theme.

"The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past" is considered to be one of the best Super Nintendo game ever made and one of the best video games ever made too. It was praised for how good the controls were, and how entertaining it was to explore the world and dungeons.

This game has been re-released several times, including a Satellaview remake, Game Boy Advance remake, and a port to the Wii's Virtual Console.

"A Link to the Past" was remade for the Satellaview, a Super Nintendo Entertainment System add-on, and was called "BS The Legend of Zelda: Kodai no Sekiban". It has a different plot and a slightly changed world. It had voice acting, and it lasted for four weeks. Each week, you have to do something, and when the next week comes, there's a new quest to do.

"A Link to the Past" was re-released on the Game Boy Advance as "The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past & The Four Swords". It came with a modified port of "A Link to the Past" along with the multiplayer-only game "Four Swords". The port added a new dungeon to the game called "The Palace of the Four Sword". "Four Swords"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s graphical style is similar to "."

On September 28, 2011, an updated version of "Four Swords" called "The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Anniversary Edition" was released. It is available on Nintendo's DSiWare service. It includes a single player mode and more areas.

Zelda II: The Adventure of Link

Zelda II: The Adventure of Link is an adventure-role-playing video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. 

It was also released in .

The main hero of the series, Link, finds out that Princess Zelda has gone under a deep sleep after a fight with a wizard. While trying to find crystals to awaken Zelda, Link also fights off followers of Ganon, who are trying to bring him back to life.

The gameplay of "The Adventure of Link" is very different from the rest of the series. It is a role-playing game where the player gains experience and levels up stats. The map is also different; the overworld is a birds-eye view, while smaller maps are side scrolling where the player moves only left and right.

Shigeru Miyamoto wanted to have a very different game than the first game, The Legend of Zelda. While Miyamoto was still the producer of the game, it was developed by new people than before. Instead of keeping a view from above, "Zelda II" has a side-view of the game when fighting enemies or exploring dungeons. The game was originally developed for the Famicom, but was released on worldwide systems after.

Tautology (rhetoric)

In rhetoric, a tautology is the repetition of a statement, for example, "With malice toward none, with charity for all". 

Unlike a tautology in logic, it is not automatically true. 


Tautology (logic)

In propositional logic, a tautology (from the Greek word ταυτολογία) is a propositional formula that is always true, and is sometimes denoted by the symbol formula_1 (a symbol also reserved for the truth value 'true'). In other words, a tautology cannot be wrong. For example, formulae in maths are tautological, because they always hold true for any values. The philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein first applied the term to propositional logic in 1921.

A statement in logic is considered contingent if it is neither a tautology nor false.

Some examples of tautologies in natural language include: 
These tautologies are sentences of the following form:
Indeed, if A is not true, then A is not true, so the tautology is still true.


Longhorn beetle

The longhorn beetles or long-horned beetles (Cerambycidae) are a family of beetles that have long antennae. The antennae may be longer than the beetles' body. Over 35,000 species have been described.

The length of the antennae is an obvious feature of their body. Their long antennae sprout from tubercles on the face. Cerambycids with short antennae still have the tubercles. Otherwise they vary greatly in size, shape, sculpture, and colour.
Many of the species are mimics of Hymenoptera (ants, bees, and wasps). The rest are cryptically colored. The titan beetle ("Titanus giganteus") from northeastern South America is often considered the largest insect (though not the heaviest, and not the longest including legs). Its maximum body length is just over .


Macroevolution

Macroevolution refers to large-scale evolution. For some, this means the origin of species. For others, it means the large-scale changes seen in the fossil record. 

It is a term of convenience: for most biologists it does "not" suggest any change in the process of evolution. For a few palaeontologists, some things they see in the fossil record cannot be explained just by the gradualist evolutionary synthesis. They are in the minority. There are some interesting discussions by other palaeontologists.

Some biologists use the term for evolution in already separated gene pools. For them, macroevolutionary studies focus on change that occurs at or above the level of species. Again, this is a minority position. Most biologist would not call evolution at the species level "macroevolution".

Microevolution, on the other hand, refers to smaller evolutionary changes "within" species or populations. During microevolution changes in allele frequencies definitely do occur. Some biologists, Richard Dawkins in particular, have suggested that the gene is the object of selection. This was always challenged by Ernst Mayr "The individual is the entity which survives or not, which reproduces or not, and which reproduces successfully or not". Changes in gene frequency in populations is a by-product of what happens to individuals.

Paleontology, evolutionary developmental biology, and sequence analysis contribute much evidence for the patterns and processes that can be classified as macroevolution. An example of macroevolution is the appearance of feathers during the evolution of birds from one group of dinosaurs.

Within the modern evolutionary synthesis school of thought, macroevolution is thought of as the compounded effects of microevolution. Thus, the distinction between micro- and macroevolution is not a fundamental one – the only difference between them is of time and scale.

Some creationists have also adopted the term 'macroevolution' to describe the form of evolution they reject. They may accept that evolutionary change is possible within species (microevolution), but deny that one species can evolve into another (macroevolution). These arguments are rejected by biologists, who hold that there is ample evidence that macroevolution has occurred in the past.

Some examples of subjects whose study falls within the realm of macroevolution:


Russian entomologist Yuri Filipchenko (or Philipchenko, depending on the transliteration) first coined the terms 'macroevolution' and 'microevolution' in 1927 in his German language work, "Variabilität und Variatio".

Since then, their meanings have been revised several times and fallen into disfavour with many, who prefer to speak of biological evolution as one process.

Evolution as a whole is strongly supported by many kinds of evidence.

The issue for biologists is whether there is any sense in having the special term "macroevolution". The answer is yes for a few biologists who proposed one or more evolutionary mechanisms which worked above the species level. The ideas of punctuated equilibrium and species selection were suggested, but in each case most biologists felt they could be explained by the usual small-scale changes. This explains why 'macroevolution' is perhaps a term biologists do not need to use.

When discussing the topic, creationists use "strategically elastic" definitions of micro- and macroevolution. Macroevolution, by their definition, cannot be attained. Any observed evolutionary change is described by them as being "just microevolution".

The debate between biologists continues, with some biologists stating that there is significant evidence that other factors have acted during macroevolution, and others maintaining that macroevolution can still be fully explained by the mechanisms of microevolution.


Gene pool

A gene pool is the set of all possible variations (alleles) of all genes of a population. It is a concept in population genetics.

For example, plants have genes that say what colour their flowers will be. The gene pool of peas has an allele for red flowers and another one for white flowers.

Transcription (genetics)

Transcription is when RNA is made from DNA. The DNA sequence is copied by a special enzyme called RNA polymerase to make a matching RNA strand.

The matching RNA strand is a 'pre-messenger RNA'. Next, the non-coding introns are stripped out by a spliceosome. The remaining exons are put together to make a messenger RNA.

The product is called messenger RNA (mRNA) because it carries a genetic message from the DNA to the protein-making machinery of the cell. Transcription is the first step that leads to the expression of the genes.

The stretch of DNA that is transcribed into an RNA molecule is called a "transcription unit". This contains:
As in DNA replication, only one of the two DNA strands is transcribed. This strand is called the "template strand", because it provides the template for ordering the sequence of nucleotides in an RNA transcript. The other strand is called the "coding strand". Its sequence is the same as the newly created RNA transcript (except for thymine being substituted for uracil).

The DNA template strand is read 3' → 5' direction by RNA polymerase and the new RNA strand is synthesized in the 5'→ 3' direction. RNA polymerase binds to the 3' end of a gene (promoter) on the DNA template strand and travels toward the 5' end.

Roger D. Kornberg won the 2006 Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for his studies of the molecular basis of eukaryotic transcription".


William Hovell

William Hilton Hovell (April 26 1786 — November 9 1875) was an English explorer of Australia. Together with Hamilton Hume he explored much of Victoria.

William Hovell was born at Yarmouth, Norfolk, England. He joined the Royal Navy and became a captain. In October 1813, he moved to New South Wales with his wife Esther Arndell. He got work as a ship captain and made several trading trips along the coast and to New Zealand. In 1816 he was shipwrecked in Bass Strait. In 1819 he lived near Sydney and did some exploring to the south. He reached the Burragorang Valley in 1823.

In 1824, Governor Sir Thomas Brisbane asked Hovell to go with Hamilton Hume to explore the south part of New South Wales and Victoria. He wanted to know more about any rivers that might run south. Hovell was not an explorer but he knew how to navigate (find out where he was). There were problems deciding who was going to pay for the expedition. The two explorers bought most of the equipment. The government provided saddles, clothes, blankets and guns. Hume and Hovell left Sydney on October 3 1824, with six men, five bullocks, three horses and two carts. The Murrumbidgee River was in flood so they had to make one of the carts into a kind of boat to get across. The men, horses, and bullocks swam over. A day or two later, in rough hilly country, they had great difficulty in finding a path for the carts. On October 27 they decided to leave them behind. They came to a large river on November 16, which Hovell called "Hume's River" "he being the first that saw it". This was the Murray River renamed by Charles Sturt a few years later. It was impossible to cross here (near the site of Albury), but after a few days they found a better place. They built the rough frame of a boat and managed to get across. By December 3, they had reached the Goulburn River. During the next ten days it was hard traveling through rough country, but they did get to more level and open land. 
On December 16, they saw Port Phillip Bay. They went along its shores in south-westerly direction. They came to what is now Corio Bay near Geelong. Hovell made a mistake of one degree in working out the longitude. The explorers thought that they were on Western Port Bay. The party went back on December 18, and went more to the west. This was an easier journey. By January 8 1825, they came to the end of their food. For a few days they lived on fish and a kangaroo they were able to shoot. On January 16 they reached the carts they had left behind them, and 2 days later came to Lake George.

On March 25, Governor Brisbane wrote about the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a letter to England. He said that he was going to send a ship to Western Port to have it explored. His successor, Governor Ralph Darling, towards the end of 1826, sent an expedition led by Captain Wright to Western Port. Hovell went with this expedition, and his mistake in longitude was soon discovered. Hovell explored the land around Western Port and to the north. Near the coast at Cape Paterson he discovered "great quantities of very fine coal". This was the first discovery of coal in Victoria. Hovell was away 5 months on this expedition. He tried during the next 10 years to obtain some special reward from the government. He had already got 1,200 acres (5 km2) for the trip with Hume, and 1,280 acres (5 km2) for the trip to Western Port. He did not think this was enough.

He spent the rest of his life at his farm at Goulburn, New South Wales. He married Sophia Wilkinson in 1848. In December 1853, Hovell was special guest at a public dinner in Geelong, Victoria. His speech was reported in some of the newspapers. Hume thought that Hovell tried to claim all the credit for their joint expedition. This led to a long and bitter public fight between the two men. A full report of the speech shows that Hume was wrong. Hume was an experienced leader in the bush. Hovell was well-educated with a friendly character. During their expedition they worked well together. They were responsible for an important piece of exploration. Hovell's discovery of coal during his visit to Western Port was also important. Hovell died in Sydney on November 9 1875, and was buried at Goulburn. In 1877 his widow left £6000 to the University of Sydney as a memorial of him, which was used to start the William Hilton Hovell lectureship on geology and physical geography.

In 1922 a group was started in Melbourne to celebrate the centenary (100 years) of the expedition. Along the path of the expedition 37 memorials were built in Victoria. A dam was built on the King River near Cheshunt, Victoria in 1973. This formed Lake William Hovell. It supplies water for crops, vineyards and farms along the King River from Cheshunt to Wangaratta. A River Redgum tree Eucalyptus camaldulensis at Albury still has the mark Hovell made in 1824. He carved the words "Hovell NovR17/24" into the tree. The tree has been cloned so its genes can be kept for the future. An iron treasure chest, made in Germany in about 1660, and owned by Hovell is now in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney. The Hume and Hovell Walking Track has been made, following the explorers path from Yass to Albury.


Star Wars prequel trilogy

The Star Wars prequel trilogy is a series of movies released between May 1999 and May 2005. All three movies were written and directed by George Lucas. The three movies are: (1999), (2002) and (2005)

Lucasfilm started production on The Phantom Menace after George Lucas got interested in reviving the Star Wars franchise.

While all three movies are financially successful, the first two movies had mixed reviews, with the final movie having positive reviews. Critics didn't like the dialogue and some of the characters, including Jar Jar Binks. Many fans also thought that the previous three movies were better.

The trilogy has been popular with millennials who grew up with the movies. Because of this, the subreddit called Prequel Memes gained popularity. In more recent years, the movies have been more positively reviewed.

Abbasid Caliphate

The Abbasid Caliphate was the third of the four greatest Islamic caliphates of the Arab Empire. It overthrew the Umayyad caliphs from all but Al-Andalus. It was built by the descendant of Muhammad's youngest uncle, Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib. It was created in Harran in 750 of the Christian era and shifted its capital in AD 762 from Harran to Baghdad. It flourished for two centuries, surviving the Zanj Rebellion (869-883). Abbasid rule was ended in 1258, when Hulagu Khan, the Mongol conqueror, sacked Baghdad. But they continued to claim authority in religious matters from their base in Egypt.

During the period of the Abassid dynasty, Abassid claims to the caliphate did not go unchallenged. The Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah of the Fatimid dynasty, which claimed descendency of Muhammad through his daughter, claimed the title of Caliph in 909 and created a separate line of caliphs in North Africa. Initially it covered only Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya, but then the Fatimid caliphs extended their rule for the next 150 years, taking Egypt and Palestine and even ancient Pakistan, before the Abbassid dynasty was able to turn the tide, limiting Fatimid rule to Egypt. The Fatimid dynasty finally ended in 1171. The Umayyad dynasty, which had survived and come to rule over the Muslim provinces of Spain, reclaimed the title of Caliph in 929, lasting until it was overthrown in 1031.

The tenth caliph, Al-Mutawakkil, is the person who oversaw the introduction of hadiths.



Seattle Mariners

The Seattle Mariners are an American Major League Baseball team based in Seattle, Washington. The Mariners are part of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Since July 1999, their home stadium has been T-Mobile Park (originally Safeco Field). Until they moved in June 1999, the club's home park was the Kingdome.

Seattle had minor league baseball teams from the early 1900s to the late 1960s, with nicknames such as the "Indians" and the "Rainiers".

The first major league baseball franchise in Seattle was the Seattle Pilots, formed in 1969. The Pilots moved to Milwaukee the next year and became the Milwaukee Brewers. As a result, the city of Seattle, King County, and the state of Washington sued the American League for $32 million dollars in damages. In exchange for dropping the law suit, the American League gave Seattle a Major League Baseball team in 1977.

Seattle is a large and important seaport, a fact which led to the major league teams being called the "Pilots" and the "Mariners".

The Mariner's first winning season was in 1991, and the first time they made the playoffs was in 1995. The Mariners are owned by Nintendo of America, and the general manager of the team is Jack Zduriencik.


Guanajuato (state)

Guanajuato is a state in central Mexico. About 4,890,000 people live there. Its capital is also called Guanajuato. The largest city is León.

Yucatán (state)

Yucatán is a state in the east of Mexico. About 1,820,000 people live in Yucatán. Its capital is called Mérida. 

The state is on the Yucatán Peninsula. It has the state of Campeche to the southwest, and Quintana Roo to the southeast. The Gulf of Mexico is off its north coast.

The state was a very important region for the Mayan civilization. There are still some villages there with Mayan-descent people who speak the old language. There are also archaeological sites where Mayan remains are investigated.

Caravaggio

Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio (28 September 1571 – 18 July 1610) was an Italian artist. He worked in Rome, Naples, Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610. He was a painter who did a type of art called Baroque style. He was the first person to be really good at painting this way.

Even while he was alive, many people talked about Caravaggio. Some people liked to see what he did, and how he lived, and thought he was a good person. Other people thought he was very strange. Some people thought he was bad. He did not want to fit in, sometimes. He started being a famous painter in Rome in 1600. Many people gave him money to paint pictures for them, but he used all his money and sometimes got into trouble. In 1604 someone wrote a note about him, and said that he was rude and a bad person. This note tells us how he lived, in 1601:
In 1606 he killed a young man in a fight and ran away from Rome. He ran away because Rome said it would give money to people to catch him. In Malta in 1608 he got into a fight again. He got into another fight in Naples in 1609, but this fight could have been enemies (people who hated him) trying to kill him. In 1610, after making paintings for more than ten years, he died.

Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome. These big churches needed paintings to hang on the walls. The Counter-Reformation Catholic Church wanted to find painters who would paint beautiful art about God. They wanted people to like the art so much that they would think Protestantism was ugly and boring, and wouldn't want to start being part of a Protestant church. So the Catholic Church needed a new type of art, because Mannerism had been the most famous type of art for 100 years, and now it was boring. Caravaggio's paintings were new, and different from Mannerism. He painted in a way called naturalism, which means that he painted things how they actually looked. He painted pictures of people so that the people looked real, and he made his pictures look exciting by painting a lot of very dark shadows and very bright lights (which is called chiaroscuro). 

While he was alive he was very famous, and many artists wanted to paint like he did. But after he died, most people forgot about him, and didn't care about his paintings. Hundreds of years later, in the 1900s, people looked at his art again, and saw that he had been very important. They saw that many other famous artists had tried to paint like he did. Because so many artists had seen his paintings, and liked how he painted, and tried to paint like he did, he made many artists paint in the Baroque style, too. The Baroque style was very famous for hundreds of years. 

Andre Berne-Joffroy, Paul Valéry’s secretary, said that: "What begins in the work of Caravaggio is, quite simply, modern painting."


Gothic Revival architecture

Gothic Revival architecture is architecture that has been made to look as if it is from medieval times, but is really much later. This architectural style began in the late 1740s in England. Its momentum grew in the early 19th century. Serious and learned admirers of neo-Gothic styles sought to revive medieval Gothic architecture.

The Gothic style of architecture was built in Europe between about 1140 and about 1550. Beginning in late 18th century Europe, through the 19th century and into the early 20th century in Europe and elsewhere there was a fashion to build in the Gothic style. In this period architects and their patrons had various different styles to choose from. There were also revivals of Classical and Renaissance styles. Since medieval Gothic buildings vary so much, some architects often copied selectively from medieval buildings and some adapted the style to the needs of their own period. The "Gothic Revival" style was most commonly used for churches, cathedrals, universities, town halls and sometimes houses. 

Gothic Revival buildings have features that are like real Gothic buildings. They often have: 


Lúcio

Lucimar da Silva Ferreira, called Lúcio (born 8 May 1978) is a Brazilian former football player. He played 105 times for the Brazilian national team.

Bayer Leverkusen

Bayern Munich

Inter Milan

Juventus

Brazil

Individual

Fluxbuntu

Fluxbuntu was a Linux distribution made for computers that have less powerful hardware. It is based or made from Ubuntu and uses Fluxbox for its Window Manager.



Saint Dominic

Saint Dominic (; 1170 – 6 August 1221) was the founder of a Catholic order, the Friars Preachers, often called the Dominicans or the Order of Preachers (OP). Dominic is the patron saint of astronomers and the Dominican Republic. He was born in Caleruega, half-way between Osma and Aranda in Old Castile, Spain. He is sometimes called Dominic of Osma or Dominic de Guzmán. He is the founder of the worldwide famous Dominican Order. 

John Wayne Gacy

John Wayne Gacy, Jr. (March 17, 1942 – May 10, 1994 pronounced Gay-see), also known as The Killer Clown and Pogo the Clown, was an American serial killer and rapist. He is confirmed to have killed 33 young men and teenage boys. He killed them in a brutal way and buried their bodies in or near his Chicago home. Gacy did not use a gun for any of his crimes. 

Gacy became known as "Pogo the Clown" and the "Killer Clown" because he would dress as a clown for fundraising events and parades. In March 1980, Gacy was convicted of 33 murders, as well as sex crimes, committed between 1972 and 1978, and given the death penalty. He was executed by lethal injection on May 10, 1994. Gacy's execution was filmed; his last words were, "kiss my ass". There were problems with the execution, but it eventually ended in Gacy's death. Immediately prior to his execution, Gacy observed the Last Rites with a Catholic priest; he had converted to the Catholic Church.

John Wayne Gacy, Jr. was born on March 17, 1942, in Chicago, Illinois, to father John Stanley Gacy and mother Marion Elaine Gacy. Gacy's father was a World War I veteran and a machinist, while his mother worked at home. He had two sisters, one younger and one older.

Gacy's father was an alcoholic. Growing up, John Gacy, Sr. would verbally and physically abuse his children. Gacy also had health problems in his youth. For example, in 1953, while playing on a swing set, Gacy hit his head off a swing and suffered a blood clot. The clot was not treated until he was 16.

After dropping out of high school in his senior year, Gacy moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, to work in a mortuary. Three months later, Gacy returned to Chicago, where he enrolled in and graduated from Northwestern Business College. After graduating, Gacy worked as a shoe salesman for the Nunn-Bush Shoe Company. In 1964, Gacy was transferred to Springfield, Illinois, where he met Marlynn Myers. The couple married in September 1964.

In Springfield, Gacy was involved in community organizations such as the United States Junior Chamber. He became the vice-president of the Springfield chapter by 1965.

After Marlynn's father made him an offer to manage three KFC restaurants, Gacy and his wife moved to Waterloo, Iowa, where they had a son and daughter.

In 1968, Gacy was diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder.

As of August 2017 five victims remain unidentified, five of whom had been buried beneath Gacy's crawl space, with one additional youth buried approximately from the barbecue pit in his backyard. Experts used the skulls of the unidentified victims to create facial reconstructions. Based upon Gacy's confession, information relative to where the victims were buried in his crawl space relative to Gacy's identified victims, and forensic analysis, police were able to determine the most likely dates when his unidentified victims were killed.


On 10 May 1994, Gacy was executed by lethal injection. He was 52 years old.

In October 2011, Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart announced that investigators, having obtained full DNA profiles from each of the unidentified victims, were to renew their efforts to identify all of them. At a press conference held to announce this intention, Sheriff Dart stated investigators are actively seeking DNA samples from individuals across the United States related to any male missing between 1970 and 1979. Test results thus far conducted have confirmed the identification of three victims, ruled out the possibility of numerous other missing youths as being victims of Gacy, and solved four unrelated cold cases dating between 1972 and 1979.





Bridget Fonda

Bridget Jane Fonda (born January 27, 1964) is a retired American actress. She has been nominated for both an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award. Fonda is the daughter of Peter Fonda, the granddaughter of Henry and the niece of Jane Fonda. She is of Dutch, English, French-Canadian, German, Irish, Italian, Norwegian and Scottish descent.

Fonda is known for her roles in such movies as "The Godfather Part III", "Single White Female", "Singles", "Doc Hollywood", "Lake Placid" and "Jackie Brown". She voiced Jenna in the 1995 animated movie "Balto".



Aikido

Aikido is based on Ueshiba's philosophy, martial arts training and religious beliefs. The word "aikido" is often translated as "the way of unifying (with) life energy" or as "the way of harmonious spirit." Ueshiba wanted to create an art where people could defend themselves without harming their attacker by using the attackers "ki" against them. He wanted each practitioner of aikido to develop both physically and spiritually.

Aikido is performed by blending with the way the attacker moves, using the force of the attack rather than coming against it. This is achieved by using the attackers "ki" against them. This takes very little physical strength, as the "aikidōka" (person who does aikido) uses the force of the attacker's own momentum using stepping and turning movements. The techniques are completed with many different throws or joint locks which can be combined with different defenses. Aikido is one of many grappling arts.

Aikido is based on the martial art of Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu, but began to separate from it in the late 1920s, partly due to Ueshiba's involvement with the Ōmoto-kyō religion. Ueshiba's early students' records use the name "aiki-jūjutsu". Many of Ueshiba's senior students have different approaches to aikido, depending on when they studied with him. Today aikido is found all over the world in a number of styles, with different groups placing importance on different things. However, they all share techniques learned from Ueshiba and most have concern for the safety of the attacker.



Blog

A blog, also known as weblog, is a type of website that is like a diary or journal. Blog organizes content in the form of categories and posts. Posts on a blog are presented in reverse chronological order. That means your latest post goes to the top of the page. That way, when you make a new post, it will come first and the first post will go below it. Anyone can create a blog and then write on that blog. Bloggers (a word for people who write on blogs) often write about their opinions and thoughts. A blog containing video material is called a video blog or video log, usually shortened to vlog.

When a person writes on a blog, what they write is in the form of a "post", which is a single piece of writing on the blog. Posts often include links to other websites.

Blogs can have one or more writers. If they have more than one writer, they are often called community blogs, team blogs, or group blogs because the thoughts are made by more than one person.

Websites and blogging applications that can be used to create a blog are called blogging platforms.

WordPress, Blogspot, Tumblr, Wix, Weebly, Joomla, Typepad, Ghost, Squarespace, etc. are the most popular and unique blogging platforms today. Everyone is competing with each other for different services. Although everyone's main purpose is to attract bloggers, their different interfaces and facilities are unique.


On many blogs, the person reading the posts can leave comments, which are notes in which a person says what they think about the blog post. This makes blogs good for discussion — if someone writes something that someone else does not believe to be true, someone else can fix it by writing a comment on that blog or on their own blog. Someone else cannot change what the post says, but the writer of the post can. Not all blog posts need to be talked about or fixed. But if there are a lot of people interested in a topic, they can start a discussion on the original blog, on their own blogs, or both. These people can discuss a topic or their point of view.

Very often, a community blog or group blog will shrink into a small group of bloggers (writers) who know and trust each other, called a "creative network". That kind of community blog will also have a larger group of people, a "social network", who only read (and maybe comment on) the blog. Some blogs have scoring (ranking) of posts that makes these networks more solid, so that postings that people like the most are shown first or in a way that is easier to find. 

Often people have their own blog and make an RSS feed to it. When blogs have RSS feeds, other programs, called "content aggregators", can put postings from all the blogs that a person likes in one place. Many people find it easier to read all the new posts from blogs they like in one place, through RSS, instead of going to each site one at a time.

Some experts think that community blogs, and some groups of individual (one-person) blogs that talk about similar topics, have a power structure like that inside a political party. These experts think that a clique (a small, exclusive group of people) will control discussions by choosing when someone has "won" an argument, and when a matter is decided. But an advantage of blogs is that even people outside that clique can comment on the original discussion.

Carbon nanotube

A carbon nanotube is an allotrope of carbon that is shaped like a tube of carbon atoms. Carbon nanotubes are very tough and hard to break, but still relatively light. Some are very long. Because of their high strength, carbon nanotubes may one day be used for bulletproof armour and other uses needing hard, lightweight materials. A few carbon nanotubes also let electricity through them. Some may be up to 1,000 times better at conducting electricity than metals like copper and silver. 


Witch doctor

A witch doctor often refers to a healer in undeveloped regions who use traditional and sometimes out of date methods rather than modern medicine or science.

The term witch doctor is generally used with negative terms. It is often used to imply that the healer has little or no experience or ability in medicine.

The Oxford English Dictionary says that the first recorded use of this term is in 1718, in a book by Francis Hutchinson.

The witch doctors in Africa are known as sangomas in Southern Africa. The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first use of the term "witch doctor" to refer to African shamans (i.e. medicine men) was in 1836 in a book by Robert Montgomery Martin (1803?-1868).

The role is only partly a practical one. It is also a spiritual one. The so-called witch doctor is often the guardian of the tribe's belief system and rituals. Key ceremonies must be properly held or else the life of the community may fall apart, as has happened in many places. Aggressive action by outsiders to the local belief system may lead to the 'genocide of indigenous peoples'. 


Klingon

Klingons (; Pronunciation: /ˈt͡ɬɪŋɑn/) are a warrior race in the fictional "Star Trek" universe. They were in the show "Star Trek: The Original Series" (TOS) many times and were in all five spin-off series afterwards, eventually becoming friends of the United Federation of Planets. 

Made by writer Gene Coon, Klingons were introduced in the episode "Errand of Mercy" (1967). They were named for Lieutenant Wilbur Clingan, who served with "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry in the Los Angeles Police Department. 

In the first series, the conflict between the Federation and Klingon was supposed to be referring to the then-current Cold War unfriendliness between the United States and the Soviet Union. "" continued to have the Klingon as a group similar to the army but they made the Klingon fighter follow rules similar to bushido, military Japanese rules for behavior valuing honor above life.

Right-handedness

Someone who is right-handed will use their right-hand for everyday activities, such as writing, keeping personal hygiene, cooking and more. According to a studies, anywhere from 70% to 90% of the world population is right-handed, while most of the remaining are left-handed. A small percentage of the population can use both hands equally well; a person with this ability is called a ambidextrous.


Nurgle

In the fictional universes of Warhammer 40,000 and Warhammer Fantasy, Nurgle is one of the four major Chaos gods. Like his brother gods, Nurgle grew from a single survivalist emotion: in his case, the emotion was despair. Nurgle is the Chaos god of disease, decay, despair and destruction. Even though the nature of his influence, he begins to like his victims, caring for them in a jovial manner close to a loving grandfather; so he is commonly called "Grandfather Nurgle" or "Papa Nurgle". He is also called the "Lord of Decay", "Master of Plague and Pestilence" and "Lord of All". He is shown as a huge, bloated humanoid, with boils and sores, his body completely rotten from disease. He is usually with an enveloping cloud of buzzing flies.


Zaurus

The Sharp Zaurus is the name of a series of Personal Digital Assistant (PDA) made by Sharp Corporation.

Palatine, Illinois

Palatine is a village in the state of Illinois. It is north west of Chicago, the biggest city in Illinois. There were 67,908 people in Palatine in 2020.

Palatine was made in 1866, close to a train station that went to Chicago and other cities. The village has been growing a lot since the 1970s, like the other cities around Chicago.

Palatine has many different kinds of people. There are poor, normal, and rich people in the village. Some say there are over 100 languages spoken in Palatine.

In 2000, the number of people in Palatine was counted and was 65,479. There were 68,557 people in Palatine in 2010. There were 67,908 people in Palatine in 2020.

Palatine has a lot of schools for the people. Palatine has two high schools, Palatine High School and William Fremd High School; and a college, William Rainey Harper College. The high schools, as well as the library, have gotten big awards from the whole country.

There are nine public elementary schools:


There is also a combined kindergarten-through-eighth grade school, Winston Campus, which is Winston Churchill School and Winston Park Junior High combined.

Palatine also has three preschool-through-eighth grade schools:


Mankind

Mankind may mean:






Province of Monza and Brianza

The Province of Monza and Brianza (in the local idiom: "Pruincia de Munscia e Briansa") is a province of Lombardy, Italy. It was created (with part of the province of Milan) on May 12, 2004, but became effective in 2009. It has an area of 405.49 km² and a population (2010 census) of 850,321.

A list of its 55 communes follows:


Apulanta

Apulanta is a rock band from Finland. It was started in 1991.

Apulanta's first music album was "Attack of the AL People", which was released in 1994.




Al-Andalus

Al-Andalus () was the Muslim-ruled area of the Iberian Peninsula. The term is used by modern historians for the former Muslim states in modern Spain and Portugal. At its greatest geographical extent, it occupied most of the peninsula and a part of present-day southern France, Septimania (8th century). For nearly 100 years, from the 9th century to the 10th, al-Andalus extended its presence from Fraxinetum into the Alps with a series of organized raids. The name describes the different Muslim states that controlled these territories at various times between 711 and 1492. These boundaries changed constantly as the Christian "Reconquista" progressed, eventually shrinking to the south and finally to the Emirate of Granada.

Following the Muslim conquest of Spain, al-Andalus, then at its greatest extent, was divided into five administrative units, corresponding roughly to modern Andalusia; Castile and León; Navarre, Aragon, Catalonia; Portugal and Galicia; and the Languedoc-Roussillon area of Occitania. 

As a political domain, it successively constituted a province of the Umayyad Caliphate, initiated by the Caliph al-Walid I (711–750); the Emirate of Córdoba (–929); the Caliphate of Córdoba (929–1031); the "taifa" kingdoms that succeeded the Caliphate of Córdoba (1009–1110); the Almoravid Empire (1085–1145); the second "taifa" period (1140–1203); the Almohad Caliphate (1147–1238); the third taifa period (1232–1287); and ultimately the Nasrid Emirate of Granada (1238–1492).

This civilization was quite advanced at architecture and urban planning. The Moors were very wealthy because they controlled the gold trade from the Ghana Empire in West Africa. They built many beautiful buildings in all the land they controlled. Many of their large buildings still stand in cities in Andalusia, such as in Seville, Granada, and Cordoba.

Muslim Spain was multicultural and comparatively tolerant; Jews, Christians and Muslims lived side by side. There was also a "saqaliba" population (the descendants of European slaves) near the Mediterranean coast. Though these people were at first brought in to be slaves, some of them became generals (as did some Mamluks in another caliphate) and some generals became rulers of their own cities ("taifas") for a short time.

In 1236, the Reconquista (gradual Christian reconquest) under the forces of Ferdinand III of Castile progressed as far as the last remaining Islamic stronghold, Granada. Granada was reduced to a vassal state to Castile for the next 256 years, until January 2, 1492, when Boabdil surrendered complete control of Granada to Ferdinand and Isabella.


"An Islamic History of Europe ". video documentary, BBC 4, August 2005.



Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib

`Abbas ibn `Abd al-Muttalib () (c. 566 – c. 653) was a uncle and companion of Muhammad.


Muhammad had 10 or 11 uncles. Four of them earned a great name in history - Abu Talib, Abu Lahab, Hamza and Abbas. Abu Talib became important because he brought up his orphan nephew, Muhammad, with great love and care and always supported and protected him. Abu Lahab is famous because he tried to "destroy" Islam. Both Hamza and ‘Abbas became Muslims and remained firm and strong in their faith in Islam.

Aung San

Aung San (13 February 1915 – 19 July 1947) was a Burmese revolutionary, nationalist, general, and politician. He was the father of Nobel Peace winner Aung San Suu Kyi.

Kitakyūshū

It is a very important industrial city. It has steel factories, coal mines and car factories.

In Japan, it is an important city in reducing pollution. It also has an important recycling facility.

Kitakyūshū has a population of almost one million people.

It is on the main Shinkansen line between Fukuoka and Tokyo.

The city was named Kitakyūshū in 1963, after five cities were made into one. These cities were Moji, Tobata, Yahata, Kokura and Wakamatsu.

Kitakyūshū has seven wards ("ku"):








I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry

I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry (a.k.a. Chuck and Larry) is a 2007 American comedy movie. It was directed by Dennis Dugan and stars Adam Sandler and Kevin James. It is about two heterosexual male firefighters in New York City who marry each other.


Knocked Up

Knocked Up is a 2007 American romantic sex comedy movie. It was directed by Judd Apatow, and stars Seth Rogen as Ben Stone and Katherine Heigl as Alison Scott. She becomes pregnant unintentionally due to a one-night stand with him.

"Knocked Up: Unrated cut edition DVD" is in September 30, 2008.

"Strange Weirdos: Music From and Inspired by the Film Knocked Up", an original soundtrack album, was composed for the film by folk singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III and Joe Henry. However, the movie's lead song "Daughter" was written by Peter Blegvad.

In addition to Wainwright's tracks, there were approximately 40 songs featured in the motion picture that were not included on the official soundtrack on Concord Records.

Some of the songs featured in "Knocked Up" are:


1988–89 NHL season

The 1988–89 NHL season was the 72nd season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Calgary Flames won an all Canadian Stanley Cup final against the Montreal Canadiens four games to two. To date, this is the last time two Canadian teams squared off for the Stanley Cup.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Buffalo Sabres vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Washington Capitals vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"Philadelphia wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

New York Rangers vs. Pittsburgh Penguins

"Pittsburgh wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Chicago wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Minnesota North Stars vs. St. Louis Blues

"St. Louis wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Vancouver Canucks vs. Calgary Flames
"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

Edmonton Oilers vs. Los Angeles Kings

"Los Angeles wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Philadelphia Flyers vs. Pittsburgh Penguins

"Philadelphia wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues

"Chicago wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Los Angeles Kings vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Philadelphia Flyers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

Montreal Canadiens vs. Calgary Flames

The Stanley Cup Finals was decided between the top two teams during the 1988–89 NHL regular season. Captain Lanny McDonald scored the second Flames goal in Game 6. This turned out to be the last goal in his NHL Hall of Fame career because he retired during the following off-season. Doug Gilmour scored two goals in the third period, including the eventual game and Cup winner to cement the victory for the Flames.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1988–89 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1988–89 (listed with their last team):


Hellboy II: The Golden Army

Hellboy II: The Golden Army is a 2008 movie. It was directed by Guillermo del Toro and stars Ron Perlman.

This movie is a sequel to "Hellboy".


Liar Liar

Liar Liar is a 1997 American fantasy comedy movie set in Los Angeles, California. It was directed by Tom Shadyac. It stars Jim Carrey as a lawyer whose son makes a birthday wish that he cannot tell any more lies.


Happy Gilmore

Happy Gilmore is a 1996 American sports comedy movie. It was directed by Dennis Dugan, and stars Adam Sandler. The movie got positive reviews.



Apollo 13

Apollo 13 was the seventh mission of NASA's Project Apollo. It was the third lunar-lander mission with a crew. Jim Lovell commanded Apollo 13. The other astronauts were Jack Swigert and Fred Haise.

The craft launched successfully toward the Moon, but two days after launch a faulty oxygen tank exploded. It damaged the Service Module. It lost oxygen and electrical power. There was a very large chance that the astronauts would die before they could return to Earth. They were very short on oxygen. Oxygen is not just used to breathe; on the Apollo spacecraft it was used in a device called a Fuel cell to generate electricity. So they saved their remaining air by turning off almost all their electrical equipment, for example heaters. It became very cold in the spacecraft.

The astronauts also had to move into the Apollo Lunar Module to survive and use it as lifeboat.

When they approached the Earth they were not sure that their parachutes, needed to slow the Command Module down, would work. The parachutes were thrown out by small explosive charges that were fired by batteries. The cold could have made the batteries fail, so the parachutes would not work and the Command Module would hit the ocean so fast that all aboard would be killed.

Apollo launched on April 11, 1970 at 19:13 UTC from Cape Canaveral and went into temporary low Earth orbit. Two hours later they fired the rocket motor again to go towards the Moon. They wanted to land at Fra Mauro. Despite the hardships, the crew made it back to Earth. Though the crew did not land on the Moon, the flight became very well known.

Some people thought it was a failure because they did not land on the Moon. However, others thought it was possibly the National Aeronautics and Space Administrations' (NASA's) "greatest" accomplishment in returning three men in a very damaged spacecraft back to Earth safely.

Coming up to re-entry, it was thought that the electrical equipment would short circuit because the water in the astronauts' breath had turned back into a liquid all over the computers. However, the electronics were fine.

Books were written about the event, for example one by Jim Lovell, the commander of the mission. A movie was also made about it, directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks.

Apollo 13 (movie)

Apollo 13 is a 1995 drama movie about the failed Apollo 13 mission. It was directed by Ron Howard, and starred Tom Hanks. It won 2 Academy Awards in 1996.


Simon Pegg

Simon John Pegg (né Beckingham; born 14 February 1970) is an English actor, comedian, director, producer and screenwriter. His best known roles are "Spaced", "Shaun of the Dead", "Hot Fuzz", "Paul" and the "Ice Age" franchise. He is also known for working with Nick Frost.

Pegg married Maureen McCann on 23 July 2005. On 21 February 2009, Pegg said his wife was five months pregnant with the couple's first child. Their daughter Matilda was born early July 2009. Pegg has said on his personal Twitter feed that he is an atheist.

Along with Jonny Buckland, Pegg is godfather to Apple, daughter of close friends Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow. In return Martin is godfather to Pegg's daughter. Pegg's parents and sister briefly appeared in "Spaced". His mother was in both "Shaun of the Dead" and "Hot Fuzz".

Pegg was awarded an honorary fellowship by the University of Gloucestershire on 4 December 2008.

Béla Lugosi

Béla Lugosi (20 October 1882 – 16 August 1956) born in what is now Lugoj, Romania, was a Hungarian-American actor of the theatre and movies. He is best known for playing Count Dracula in the Broadway play and the movie version. He was a character actor who played many different kinds of roles, but was most often seen in horror movies including "White Zombie". He is one of the first actors to enter drug rehabilitation for a drug addiction. In the last years of his career he acted in several low-budget B-movies, some by director Ed Wood. He died in Los Angeles, California of a heart attack when he was 73 years old.

Bela G. Lugosi is his son.

Ratatouille (movie)

Ratatouille (; French: ) is a 2007 animated movie directed by Brad Bird. It stars Patton Oswalt, Lou Romano, Peter Sohn, Brad Garrett, Janeane Garofalo, Ian Holm, Brian Dennehy and Peter O'Toole. The movie is about a rat who wants to become a chef. He befriends a human who works at a restaurant in Paris. It was made by Pixar Animation Studios and it was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

Jad Pinkava actually wrote the original ideas in 2001, but in 2005 Brad Bird was asked to direct the movie instead. He and some crew members also visited France to get some new ideas. The crew consulted (took advice of) chefs from France and the United States. It premiered on June 22, 2007 at the Kodak Theater. It was generally shown in other theaters on June 29 2007. It earned $623.7 million at the box office and got good reviews. It later won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature



Additional voices were provided by Carlos Alazraqui, Bob Bergen, Debi Derryberry, Sherry Lynn, Jason Marsden, Mickie McGowan and Frank Welker.


Hot Fuzz

Hot Fuzz is a 2007 British-French action-comedy movie. It was directed by Edgar Wright, who co-wrote it with Simon Pegg. The movie stars Pegg and Nick Frost. It is set in Gloucestershire.


Shaun of the Dead

Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British-French zombie-themed romantic comedy movie. It is set in London. The movie was directed by Edgar Wright, who co-wrote it with Simon Pegg. It stars Pegg and Nick Frost.

Palace of Westminster

The Palace of Westminster, also known as the Houses of Parliament or Westminster Palace, in London, is where the two Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom meet.

In 1605, Guy Fawkes attempted to blow the Palace up. He was caught and later executed. This was called the Gunpowder Plot, and is celebrated on 5 November every year.

The original building was used as a palace and home to the Parliament of England. After a fire in 1834, the building was used as a Parliament building.

Westminster Palace, Westminster Abbey and Saint Margaret's Church make up a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Westminster Palace is an example of Gothic Revival architecture.

The building is in bad shape. There have been falling stonework, 10 fires, and an incident of potential asbestos exposure since 2020. There are leaking pipes and a serious risk of fire. The water, electric, sewage and gas pipes need to be replaced. To do this work the politicians would have to move to somewhere else.


V for Vendetta (movie)

V for Vendetta is a 2005 British political thriller drama movie set in London. The main people who are in it include Hugo Weaving as the character V and Natalie Portman as Evey Hammond. It was written by the Wachowskis and directed by James McTeigue. It is based on Alan Moore's graphic novel "V for Vendetta". Moore did not like most movies about his work. He asked that his name not appear on it. The movie is set in a dystopian future United Kingdom of the year 2020, which has become a totalitarian fascist dictatorship.

It started Evey Hammond going out to see a co-worker named Gordon Deitrich. It is past curfew and she will get in trouble if she gets caught. As she walks, she is stopped by three police officers. She is about to be harmed when V, a man who wears a Guy Fawkes mask, comes in and rescues her. He then invites her to a concert. They go up on the roof. V waves around and the "1812 Overture" begins playing. Evey is then shocked to see the Old Bailey be destroyed as V laughs.

The next day, V enters the British Television Network (BTN). He then forces the people there to play a message. The message goes out to all households. In the tape, V tells them that they are all to blame for the current state of government. The government can tape anyone and arrest anyone and people fear it. He then tells them that he was the one that blew up the Old Bailey and to join him next November 5 if they want to stand up to the government.

The government, meanwhile, has started to pour troops into the BTN. V fights them off, but is caught. Evey, who has been hiding, taps the man on the shoulder and sprays him with pepper spray, freeing V. Evey is knocked out and wakes up inside V's location. V carried her away because he knew she would be in big trouble for helping him.

After some time, Evey comes to help V. V wants to kill a priest. She dresses up like a schoolgirl and goes into the priest's office. However, she backs out and tells the priest that V wants to kill him. The priest thinks it's a joke until V bursts in and does so. Evey runs away to Gordon's house. Gordon has his own talk show, and one day he decides to make a big joke. He makes fun of the Chancellor Adam Sutler. In response, Sutler goes into Gordon's house and arrests him.

Evey tries to escape and is caught. She is then tortured over many days. Men plunge her face into water, throw her in a cell, and shave the hair off her head, but she will not tell them any information about V. Eventually, one of the men tells her that she will be shot behind the barracks if she does not say anything. Evey says she would rather be shot; she does not have any more fear. It is then revealed that V was behind the torture and that he wanted her to have no fear. Evey is angry but soon accepts it. She later leaves but promises to come back before November 5.

Meanwhile, a Norsefire Party worker named Eric Finch begins to look into the government. He does not trust it anymore. He realizes that V is killing everyone who was at a detention camp called Larkhill. During the movie, V kills the priest, who was at the camp; a general named Lewis Prothero, who is now a talk show host; and Delia Surridge, who was a doctor. He attempts to find out more information about Larkhill. In the movie, we learn that V was a prisoner at Larkhill and blew the place up when he escaped.

Eventually, V comes to Finch. He is disguised and calls himself Rookwood. He tells them everything that Finch has long thought – that the Norsefire found a plague and decided to infect the people to put them in power.

As November 5 approaches, the city gets restless. Riots break out. V gives out thousands of Guy Fawkes masks to people for them to wear on November 5. A member of the secret police called the "Fingermen" shoots a young girl wearing one of these masks dead.

Evey comes back. V then shows her what is going to do. He has loaded explosives into a train that will go underneath the Palace of Westminster. He then gives her the choice whether to pull the trigger or not. He then disappears.

V goes to another area, where he finds Peter Creedy, the second-in-command of Norsefire. Earlier, V made a deal with him: V would turn himself in if Sutler was killed. Creedy shows Sutler, and then shoots him in the forehead. He then tells V to surrender, but V says no. In the final battle, V kills Creedy and all of his men, but is severely wounded himself. He dies in Evey's arms.

Evey puts him on the train with the explosives. Finch, who guessed that V would use a train to blow up the Palace, draws a gun and attempts to stop her. Evey says no. When Finch asks why, Evey says, "Because this country needs more than a building. It needs hope." Finch lowers his gun and allows the train to go. Because Creedy and Sutler are dead, the army outside the Palace does not know what to do. The man in charge orders them to stand down, or to put down their weapons and not do anything. The "1812 Overture" begins again, and everyone watches as the Palace of Westminster is destroyed.


Colin Montgomery

Colin Montgomery OBE (born 23 June 1963) is a Scottish professional golfer on the PGA Tour. He was born in Glasgow but raised in Yorkshire.

North American video game crash of 1983

The North American video game crash of 1983 was a major event in the history of video games where the North American video game industry had crashed. Many makers of home computers and video game consoles went bankrupt. Many business analysts thought that the video game industry would not last, and the crash lasted for several years. However, the Japanese company Nintendo introduced the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1985, which became very popular in 1987 and ended the crash.

There were several reasons for the crash, but the main reason was that companies were making many consoles and hundreds of games, most which were low quality. The video game version of "ET: The Extra Terrestrial" is often blamed for the crash.

Through the 1970s, many companies, most notably Coleco and Atari released tons of systems. The video game industry became a big thing, and it seemed like video games were the next cool thing. However, soon, companies tried to take advantage. For example, if you mailed to a dog food company, they'd send you a video game. The market was flooded, but the final straw was with the Atari port of "Pac-Man" and "ET: The Extra Terrestrial". They were both bad quality games, and the Pac-Man port itself was just a prototype. Consumers lost confidence in video games, and Atari began to lose money. Most companies left the market, as most experts claimed the market was dead, and nothing more than a fad. The crash was notable for being more bad for the companies, as consumers themselves were happy as most games were much cheaper. The crash would last until 1985, when Nintendo released the Nintendo Entertainment System, which used a VCR look and avoided common terms that video games were typically using, as the packaging of the system never even mentioned the phrase "video game" once. Cartridges were instead called "Game Paks" and the games showed in-game sprites on the covers, to show the arcade-like graphics. This was important, as arcades were not effected by the crash, and became popular again because of the crash.

Kirby's Dream Land 2

Kirby's Dream Land 2, known in Japan as is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console.

Animal Crossing: Wild World

The player moves into a village where everyone is an animal. Only the player is human. Only four people can move to the village and live together in one house (different to Animal Crossing). They have to pay money (called "bells") for the house, and when they did it the house will get bigger. Bells can be earned by fishing, catching insects, selling things and other ways. Every player can buy the things he/she likes by Tom Nook (a racoon who has got a shop in the village) and put them in the house. If the house looks nice, they get points and things from the HRA (Happy Room Academy). They also can buy clothes at Able Sisters. The game is played in real time and has no ending. You can visit the villages of other players by using the Nintendo DS wireless connection or Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. It's almost like the older "Animal Crossing" GameCube version.

The animals are different. There are different kinds of animals (for example cats, mice or dogs) and different characters (for example lazy, active...) There are more animals than in the older version.

Tom Nook is a racoon who has got a shop called "Nook's Cranny". The shop gets bigger when you buy things. He sells furniture and other items. He does not sell clothes anymore as he did in "Animal Crossing". His range changes every day.

Mable and Sable are hedgehogs siblings that started to run a shop together called "Able Sisters" where you can make your own clothes and buy hats, umbrellas, glasses and clothes. The range changes every day like in Tom Nooks Shop so go frequently. 

Pelly and Phyllis are two pelicans who work in the Town Hall. There is a post office where you can send letters to villagers and one where you for example can get information about your town. Pelly works at day, Phyllis works at night.

Tortimer is an old turtle. He is the mayor of your village. He turns up at most special event days.

K.K. is a dog who sings in the café in the museum. You can see him every Saturday evening at 8.00 pm and you can take the music with you and listen to it at home.

Blathers and Celeste are owls. Blathers works in the museum and if you want you can give him paintings, fossils, insects and fishes. After that you can see them in the museum. You can find Celeste in the observatory and draw your own pictures between the stars, which come out at night.

Resetti is an angry mole. He comes when you turn your DS off and do not save the game. Every time he comes he gets more angry with you. He pops up outside your house each time you go back on after you don't save and turn off the game.

Kirby's Dream Land

Kirby's Dream Land, called in Japan, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory, Inc. and published by Nintendo for the "Game Boy".

King Dedede steals all the food from "Dream Land". Now, Kirby has to get it back from him.

Mario Kart Wii

"Mario Kart Wii" features 16 new tracks, plus 16 from the previous games in the series, and is bundled with the Wii Wheel. The game was commercially successful in every region, and sold over a million copies in both Japan and the United States in less than a month. It also received very positive reviews from critics.

In "Mario Kart Wii", players choose a character from a roster having of up to 24 characters and from 36 cars. The cars are classified into three different weight classes. A character's weight decides the available types of karts and motorbikes, and their performance on the tracks. Each car has seven different parameters for characteristics: speed, weight, acceleration, handling, drift, off-road, and mini-turbo. "Mario Kart Wii" has 32 different tracks, having 16 new tracks, four tracks each from "Mario Kart 64", "", and "Mario Kart DS", and two each from "Super Mario Kart" and "". Plus, up to twelve characters can play in a race. Players get items by driving through item boxes, which can be used for either defense, offense, or for powering up the engine. New items from "Mario" platform games are introduced, like the "Mega Mushroom" from "New Super Mario Bros." It allows the character to grow very big in size and flatten other players. The ""POW BLOCK"" from "Mario Bros." allows the character to send a shockwave to all the players in front of them, spinning them out of control and making them drop any items they may be carrying (there is no effect, however, on those who are airborne). One new item to the series is the "Lightning Cloud", which raises the user's top speed briefly, but shrinks the user if it is not passed on to an opponent by colliding with them.

"Mario Kart Wii" has 24 Nintendo characters that can be chosen, more than any of the other "Mario" games. There are also 12 different kinds (3 weight classes, 2 genders, 2 outfits) of the Mii, the digital avatar made by Nintendo. Twelve characters are available from the beginning; the other twelve and the two Mii variants become available after finishing certain elements of the game. The cast of characters has 19 returning characters from the series and six new characters; Baby Peach, Funky Kong, user-created Miis, Rosalina, Dry Bowser, and Baby Daisy. There are eight characters of each weight class. The Mii's weight class depends on its height and weight (this can be customized in the Mii Channel), and its favorite color changes the color scheme of its clothing, while the gender changes the color scheme of their cars.

"Mario Kart Wii" was officially announced at the 2007 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3); the online features and the first footage of the game was shown. Producer Hideki Konno wanted to include online features for "Mario Kart DS", but they were left out due to time constraints.

The game was called ""Mario Kart X"" internally for a while, before deciding on ""Mario Kart Wii"". General producer and Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto's inputs were limited to new aspects of play such as the Wii Wheel and battles over Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. The designers tested roughly 30 different prototypes with different shapes, colors and weights (based on real-life go-karts), before deciding on the final Wii Wheel design.

The game received many positive reviews, and was commercially successful in every region, and sold over a million copies in both Japan and the United States in less than a month. Joe Sinicki of Blast Magazine comments: "While it still does suffer from some of the problems of the older games, "Mario Kart Wii" takes the simple and accessible formula set by its predecessors and tweaks it enough to make it feel fresh and fun, creating one of the most entertaining and rewarding gaming experiences in quite some time."

In the week ending May 4, 2008, "Mario Kart Wii" had sold over a million copies in Japan alone, less than a month since its release in the region. In the UK, "Mario Kart Wii" was the best-selling video game in the week ending April 12, 2008, having "the eighth biggest opening sales week in UK software history," according to Chart-Track/ELSPA. As of 30 Sep 2019, Mario Kart Wii sold 37.24 million copies, which make it the third best-selling game overall. 

Wii Fit

Wii Fit is an exercise video game made by Nintendo for the Wii video game console.

Two sequels were released for the game. Wii Fit Plus was released for the Wii in 2009. Wii Fit U was released for the Wii U in 2014.

The game requires players to use an object called the Wii Balance Board to play. There are many different exercises and games. These are split into four categories - yoga, strength training, aerobics, and balance games.

The Yoga and Strength Training modes have a character called the Wii Fit Trainer. This character guides the players through the exercises. The player can choose between a male or a female trainer. 
They were later added to Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U and Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, as a fighter in those games.

The game was released in Japan on December 1, 2007.

Toyota Highlander

The Toyota Highlander, also called the Toyota Kluger in Japan and Australia, is a medium-sized crossover sport utility vehicle sold by Toyota. The Highlander is built on the Camry's platform and shares the Camry's parts including the engine. The Highlander was redesigned in 2008, 2013, and 2019. It has a V6 or 4 cylinder engine. The Highlander's competitors are the Honda Pilot, Nissan Pathfinder, Chevrolet Traverse, Hyundai Santa Fe and the Ford Explorer.

Toyota Yaris

The Toyota Yaris is a small automobile made and sold by Toyota since 1999. It is sold as the Toyota Belta, Toyota Vios, and Toyota Vitz. The Yaris is sold as a 3-door and 5-door hatchback and 4-door sedan. It is currently in its third generation. The first generation Yaris was known as the Toyota Echo in some markets. A distinctive feature of the first generation in many markets was a digital instrument display which glows out of a black hole in the centre of the dashboard. The second generation model arrived in 2005 and the third generation was on sale from a period from 2011-2019. The Yaris IV was revealed in October 2019 before the opening of the 2019 Tokyo Motor Show and was officially put on sale in early 2020. As of 2023, The Yaris has been officially discontinued.

Chrono Trigger

"Chrono Trigger" follows a young boy named Crono, who goes to see the Millennial Fair. He meets a girl named Marle at the fair and she follows him. Crono's friend, named Lucca, tests a teleporter at the fair. The machine goes wrong, and sends them back in time. They soon meet new friends and discover more time periods to go to. However, they find out an evil monster named Lavos is destroying the world. It is up to Crono and his friends to stop it.

"Chrono Trigger" is a role-playing game. It was one of the first games to let the player see the enemies on the world before they fight them, and when he or she goes into a battle, the enemies and characters fight without going into a separate battle screen like other RPGs like "Final Fantasy" and "Dragon Quest" did at the time.

"Chrono Trigger" is thought to be one of the best Super NES games, and one of the best role-playing games too. It got great reviews, praising it for its story, gameplay, and innovation.

"Chrono Trigger" was first re-released on the PlayStation with "Final Fantasy IV" on "Final Fantasy Chronicles". It was given good reviews, but reviewers were unhappy with the long load times whenever going into a menu or battle. "Chrono Trigger" was re-released for the Nintendo DS as "Chrono Trigger DS". It has the same graphics and extras from the PlayStation version along with other extras such as new dungeons.


Suzuki Sidekick

The Suzuki Sidekick and Suzuki Grand Vitara are sport utility vehicles made by Suzuki. They were sold since 1988 when they replaced the small Suzuki Samurai. It was sold by General Motors from 1989 to 2004 as the Geo Tracker. The vehicle is sold in other countries as the Suzuki Escudo.

Hino Motors

Hino Motors, Ltd. (, "Hino Jidōsha", ), also called Hino, is a manufacturer of diesel trucks, buses, and other vehicles based in Tokyo, Japan. It is a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation.


Angrboða

In Norse mythology, Angrboða (Old Norse "the one who brings grief" or "she-who-offers-sorrow") is a giantess. She is the wife of Loki and mother of the serpent Jörmungandr, the wolf Fenrir and the goddess Hel.

Marionette

A marionette is a puppet that people control with strings called a manipulator from above.

Spencer Tunick

Spencer Tunick (born January 1, 1967) is an American photographer. Tunick is mostly known because he does events at which many people pose nude. Most of the events are in an urban setting. The people posing for Tunick, are volunteers, not models. Usually they receive a signed copy of the image as a reward for posing.


Lisieux Cathedral

Lisieux Cathedral () is a cathedral in Lisieux. It is devoted to Saint Peter. It is built in the gothic style.


Nihon Shoki

, also known as the , is an early book about the history of Japan up to 720 A.D. It is one of the national history books which are together called the "Rikkokushi".

"Nihon Shoki" is the second oldest book of classical Japanese mythology and history. It includes details that are not in the "Kojiki", which is the oldest historical record of ancient Japan.

This book is important to people who study the history of Japan because it has information about the early rulers not found in other books.

Dates in the "Nihon Shoki" before the late 7th century were likely recorded using the Genka calendar system.



Speed Racer (movie)

Speed Racer is a 2008 action movie. The movie stars Emile Hirsch, Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox. It was directed by The Wachowski Brothers (now known as The Wachowskis). The movie is based on the 1960s Japanese anime of the same name.


The movie begins at a race which the main character, Speed Racer, wins. The Racer family is a local, family-run company that builds and races cars.

In a flashback, it is shown that Speed Racer's older brother, Rex, died while racing the "Casa Cristo 5000", a big race that goes across two continents. It is very dangerous and the drivers are very bad. The drivers try to get other racers out of the race by hitting their cars or using tools to get them out of the race. Rex was said to be cheating in the race. This gave people a bad opinion of the racing world.

A man named Mr. Royalton saw Speed's victory and went to his house. He offered Speed a contract to race for the Royalton racing team. Speed chose not sign the contract because he loves the art of racing. Royalton got angry and told Speed that racing is only a business and that his and his family's belief in it being an art is nonsense. He said that he will make sure that Speed does not finish his next race. At the next race at Fuji, Speed did spin out and he did not finish the race.

A very shadowy group then went to the Racer family. Earlier in the movie, a racer named Taejo Togokhan was beat up. His hand was almost cut off for trying to oppose the Royalton family. He and someone named Racer X were trying to beat the Royaltons. The Royaltons wanted to buy out the Togokhan company. However, if Togokhan wins the Casa Cristo, the value of the company will go up and Royalton could not buy it. Togokhan would only race if Speed Racer was on the team. Pops said that Speed could not do so. Because of this, Speed and his girlfriend Trixie said they were skiing but went to the race instead.

At the end of the first day of the Casa Cristo, the Togokhan team was in second place. Togokhan was very mad, but Racer X told him that there was much more racing ahead. The Racer family found out that Speed was in the race and came to try and get him. When Speed refused to leave, they stayed to help the team. During the night, ninjas went into each of the team's rooms to tried to hurt them. Togokhan was given a drug that makes it hard for him to stand up. The drug stopped him from racing. Racer X and Speed fought the ninjas and won. Trixie chose to race for Togokhan.

On the second day of the race, the Togokhan team took the lead. However, during a pass in the mountain area, the Royalton people tried to kidnap and kill the racers. Spritle Racer, Speed's younger brother, hit one of the men with mud, and the rest of the Togokhan team and the Racer family fought off the bad guys. During this, the Sneak Oiler team took the lead in the race. Inside the mountain area, the Sneak Oilers dropped oil on the road. This caused Speed to fall off the mountain. He drove up the side of the mountain and took the lead to win the Casa Cristo.

It turned out that this was for nothing. Togokhan's plan all along was to win the race to make the price of the stock of his fathers company increase. They made more money when his father sold the company to the Royaltons. Speed was very mad. He drove around the track. Racer X found him and hit his car to make him stop. Speed then told Racer X that he thought that Racer X was actually Rex, his dead brother. Racer took off his mask and showed Speed that he was someone different. He then told Speed that they should not let racing change who they are.

Togokhan's sister later came up to Speed and gave him an invitation to that year's Grand Prix. The invitation was Togokhan's but he did not want it. The Racer family built a car for Speed, and they entered the race. During the race, Speeed took the lead. The Royalton car driver illegally used a spear hook to bring Speed down. The Royalton driver crashed and Speed's car stopped working. Speed slowed down. He thought hard and pushed the correct button to start the car again. He raced hard and fast to win the race. Royalton gets put on trial and is put in jail afterwards.

But it turns out that Racer X is Rex Racer, Speed Racers brother.

StarCraft II

StarCraft II is a military science fiction real-time strategy video game that is made by Blizzard Entertainment for personal computers. It is the sequel to "StarCraft". This game has multiple expansion packs.

Enron

Enron Creditors Recovery Corporation (formerly Enron Corporation, NYSE ticker symbol ENE) was an American energy company based in Houston, Texas. Enron used to have around 22,000 people before it went bankrupt in late 2001. In 2001, it was revealed that people in Enron were involved in accounting fraud. The company closed in 2007.

Kenneth Lay

Kenneth Lee Lay (April 15, 1942 – July 5, 2006) was an American businessman and fraudster. He is best known for being involved in the Enron scandal. Lay was indicted by a grand jury in Houston, Texas, for his role in Enron's collapse and was charged with 11 counts of securities fraud, wire fraud, and making false and misleading statements.

On May 25, 2006, he was found guilty on all six counts of conspiracy and fraud by a jury of eight women and four men and in a separate bench trial, The judge ruled that he was guilty of four counts of fraud and false statements. The sentencing was scheduled to take place on 11 September 2006, but it was later rescheduled for 23 October 2006. The scheduled sentencing never took place because Lay died of a heart attack while vacationing in Snowmass, Colorado on July 5, 2006.


Allele frequency

Allele frequency refers to the different forms of a gene at a single position on a chromosome. It is the proportion of a given allele to all alleles at the same locus. It is usually expressed as a percentage.

Allele frequencies may be used to describe genetic diversity in a population. If the frequency of any allele is above 1% it is probable that natural selection is maintaining it at this level. This is because the natural mutation rate of an allele is almost always much lower than 1%.

A fixed allele is one allele that exists for a particular population. A fixed allele is homozygous for all members of the population.

The term "allele" refers to one variant gene out of several possible for a particular locus in the DNA. When all but one allele go away, one only remains. That allele is said to be fixed.

Allele

An allele is a form of a gene at a particular position (locus) on a chromosome. It is the bit of coding DNA at that place.

Typical plants and animals have two sets of chromosomes, one set inherited from each parent. These organisms are called diploid. Since such organisms have two sets of chromosomes, they have (except on the sex chromosomes) two alleles at each gene locus.

If the two alleles are identical, the individual is called a homozygote and is said to be homozygous. If instead the two alleles are different, the individual is a heterozygote and is heterozygous.

In a heterozygote the effect of one allele may completely ‘mask’ the other. That is, the phenotype produced by the two alleles in heterozygous combination is identical to that produced by one of the two homozygous genotypes. 

The allele that masks the other is said to be dominant to the latter, and the alternative allele is said to be recessive to the former. This idea originates in the work of Gregor Mendel, the founder of genetics.

In other cases, both alleles contribute to the phenotype.

The inheritance of alleles, and their dominance, can be represented in a Punnett square.

An example is the gene for blossom colour in many species of flower. A single gene controls the colour of the petals, but there may be several different versions (or alleles) of the gene.

In this example, parents have the genotype Bb (capital letters show dominant alleles and lower-case letters to show recessive alleles). If B (capital) is found in their genotype, the flower will be red. Therefore, the only time a flower is not red is when the genotype is bb (there are no capital 'B's).
The probability of the flowers having different genotypes are: BB is 25%, Bb is 50%, and bb is 25%. The phenotype of the flower will always be red if a dominant B is in the genotype. Therefore, there is a 25% chance of getting a flower which is not red, and 75% chance of getting a flower which is red.

The pattern of inheritance of recessive genes is quite simple. If they are heterozygous with a dominant allele, the appearance (phenotype) is the same as a dominant homozygote. Only if both alleles are recessive does the recessive allele show in the phenotype b.

This is when the dominant allele is not completely dominant over the recessive allele. This means both the alleles have a degree of phenotypic expression in the hybrids. In this case the functional product formed is a little different or is intermediate between the product produced by to the dominant allele and the recessive allele.

For example: "Mirabilis jalapa". The heterozygote of this plant produces flowers in the F1 generation of the colour pink in contrast to the red (dominant) and white (recessive) homozygotes.

Genes on the sex chromosomes are said to be sex linked. In the XY sex determination system of mammals, the X chromosomes carry a full set of genes, but the Y chromosomes carry few genes. Alleles or genes which are not sex-linked are called autosomal.

There are three ways alleles at a locus may differ. They are:

Two alleles different by descent may or may not be of different state. For example, one may carry a mutation, so making its DNA sequence different.



Belchamp Otten

Belchamp Otten is a village and civil parish in Essex, England. It is about 7 km (4 miles) west of Sudbury, Suffolk and is 36 km (23 miles) north-northeast from the county town of Chelmsford. It is near Belchamp St Paul and Belchamp Walter. The village is in the district of Braintree and in the parliamentary constituency of Saffron Walden. The parish is part of the Stour Valley North parish cluster.

Motherwell F.C.

The Motherwell Football & Athletic Club Ltd. 
is a Scottish football club based in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire. Motherwell currently play in the Scottish Premier League; their home stadium is Fir Park. The current manager is Stephen Robinson.

Motherwell won the Scottish First Division in 1931-32, and this is the only time they have finished top of the first tier. They have won the Scottish Cup twice and the Scottish League Cup once.

The capacity at Fir Park is 13,742. It is all-seated. The average attendance for the 2010-11 season was 5,660. The club's record attendance for a home match is 35,632, against Rangers in a Scottish Cup quarter-final replay on March 12, 1952.

The highest transfer fee paid by the club was that to Everton for John Spencer in 1999 (GPB 500,000) and the highest received was that for Phil O'Donnell for his move to Celtic in 1994 (GBP 1,750,000). O'Donnell later played for Motherwell for a second time but died after collapsing on the pitch in a game against Dundee United on December 29, 2007.

Motherwell are also one of the teams that play in the Lanarkshire derby. They are the biggest of the teams.


Promotion titles:



Motherwell are currently sponsored by Cash Converters. They replaced Commsworld. They were also sponsored by JAXX, a German betting company and Zoom Airlines, a company owned by chairman John Boyle. One of the previous sponsors, from 2002-04, were a local company called The Untouchables. Previously the club had a long association with Motorola, but this ended after 11 years in 2002 as the sponsor started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. This had followed another long association with local car dealer Ian Skelly, who had sponsored the club since 1984.

The club have had a lot of different kit manufacturers since the 1970s. Puma are the 2011-12 season kit providers, taking over from Bukta, who had previously filled this role from 2007. Major manufacturers Adidas, Admiral, Hummel, Patrick, Pony, Umbro and Zara, have all been kit providers for Motherwell.


1987–88 NHL season

The 1987–88 NHL season was the 71st season of the National Hockey League. It was an 80-game season with the top four teams in each division advancing to the Stanley Cup Playoffs. The NHL introduced a new trophy, the King Clancy Memorial Trophy, which was to be awarded to the player who best exemplifies leadership qualities on and off the ice and who has made a significant humanitarian contribution in his community.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: all dates in 1988"

Buffalo Sabres vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Philadelphia Flyers vs. Washington Capitals

"Washington wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

New Jersey Devils vs. New York Islanders

"New Jersey wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues

"St. Louis wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Winnipeg Jets vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Los Angeles Kings vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

New Jersey Devils vs. Washington Capitals

"New Jersey wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

St. Louis Blues vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Edmonton Oilers vs. Calgary Flames

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–0"

New Jersey Devils vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

Detroit Red Wings vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

Boston Bruins vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–0"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1987–88:

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1987–88:


San Francisco Giants

The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball team in San Francisco, California. They were founded in 1883, and have been in San Francisco since 1958. They are in the West Division of National League in baseball.

The Giants play at Oracle Park. They have been playing there since 2000 when it opened as Pacific Bell Park. The Giants have won eight World Series championship titles. They most recently won the World Series in 2014, defeating the Kansas City Royals in seven games. It was their third win in five years after beating the Texas Rangers and the Detroit Tigers in 2010 and 2012, respectively.

The Giants were originally from New York City. There they were called the New York Giants. They played their games in several stadiums called the Polo Grounds. They were a very good team in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Under John McGraw, the Giants won the 1905, 1921 and 1922 World Series. At that time, some of their players were Christy Mathewson and Bill Terry. Olympic gold medalist Jim Thorpe also briefly played for the team. By the 1950s, the Polo Grounds were old, and the Giants wanted a new stadium. Since they could not get one in New York, they moved to San Francisco.

After the move to San Francisco, the Giants lost three World Series in 1962, 1989, and 2002. But they won three Series in 2010, 2012, and 2014. In 2016, they had another shot at winning the Series in an even year; but they lost in the first round of the playoffs to the eventual champion Chicago Cubs.


Naas

Naas (; or "An Nás" ) is the county town of County Kildare, Ireland. With a population of over 23,000 it is the largest town in the County of Kildare. It is a major commuter belt town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin. The nearby M7 motorway, which bypasses Naas and connects Dublin to the South and Southwest, is one of the busiest routes in the country.


Leinster

Leinster (; Irish: "Laighin", ), one of the Provinces of Ireland, lies in the east of Ireland and comprises the counties of Carlow, Dublin, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Longford, Louth, Meath, Offaly, Westmeath, Wexford and Wicklow. Leinster has the largest population of the four provinces of Ireland. The traditional flag of Leinster features a golden harp on a green background.


In order of size:


Wii Balance Board

The Wii Balance Board (called Wii Board in Europe) is a balance board accessory made for Nintendo's Wii and Wii U game console. It was first used for "Wii Fit", and was also used for other games, including "We Ski".

Colleges and universities in the U.S. Virgin Islands

This is a list of colleges and universities in the United States Virgin Islands:


Colleges and universities in American Samoa

This is a list of colleges and universities in American Samoa:

Colleges and universities in Guam

This is a list of colleges and universities in Guam:

Education in the Northern Mariana Islands

Children in the Northern Mariana Islands must go to school from the ages of 6 to 18.

Public schools are governed by the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands Public School System. The system is based on the public school system in the United States. It was started in 1987.

There is one university in the territory: Northern Marianas College in Saipan. It has campuses in Tinian and Rota.


Colleges and universities in Puerto Rico

This is a list of colleges and universities in Puerto Rico:



Colleges and universities in Alaska

This is a list of colleges and universities in Alaska:



Hugo Wolf

Hugo Wolf (born Windischgraz (now Slovenj Gradec, Slovenia) 13 March, 1860; died Vienna, 22 February 1903) was an Austrian composer of Slovene origin. He is famous for his Lieder (German art songs). He found new ways of expressing poetry in music. He used the song forms that had been made by Schubert and Schumann, but his harmonies bring something very new and personal to German song. He was particularly fond of the music of Richard Wagner and his tonal writing is influenced by him. He belongs to the late Romantic period.

Although he wrote other kinds of music besides Lieder, the only other piece of his which is played regularly is his "Italian Serenade".

At times Wolf worked very hard and composed a lot of music. At other times he felt unhappy and had depression. Towards the end of his life he went mad and had to go to an asylum. He died of syphilis.

His name is pronounced “Hoo-go Volf” (rhyming with “golf”).

The town where Wolf was born is now called Slovenj Gradec in Slovenia, but at that time it was part of the Austrian Empire. He was a child prodigy. When he was four he learned the piano and violin from his father. When he went to school he learned with Sebastian Weixler. Music was the only thing he was interested in at school. He changed schools but still did little work except for music. He went to Vienna to study at the Vienna Conservatory. His father did not want him to become a musician. He was made to leave the Conservatory because he did not obey their rules. Wolf said later that he left because he did not like the old-fashioned teaching.

After eight months with his family, he returned to Vienna to teach music. He had a fiery temper which did not make him an ideal teacher. However, he found some rich people who thought he was a good composer and paid him money so that he could have the time to compose.

One of his rich patrons had a daughter called Vally. Wolf fell in love with her, and he was very depressed when she left him after three years. He did not get on well with his family either. His father thought he was not trying to make a living. Wolf got a job as 
second Kapellmeister at Salzburg. However, he was not a good conductor and he soon left that job and went back to Vienna. to teach.

Wolf was fascinated by the music of Wagner. He tried to get Wagner’s attention once, running after his coach and begging Wagner to listen to his music. He was terribly sad when Wagner died. He wrote a song "Zur Ruh, zur Ruh" (“To rest, to rest") which is one of his best early works. He was very depressed because Wagner had gone and he felt that there was no one who could inspire him to compose. 

The great composer Franz Liszt became interested in him, and told him he ought to try to compose some longer pieces. He wrote a symphonic poem "Penthesilea". Wolf also became a music critic. He wrote about new pieces of music. He liked the music of Liszt, but hated the music of several other composers such as Anton Rubinstein and Johannes Brahms. He made many enemies because of the harsh things he wrote about them. People called him "Wild Wolf". He composed several works, but could not get them performed. He had been very critical of the famous Rosé Quartet, so they refused to play his music when they were asked.

He stopped writing musical criticism in 1887 and began composing once more. He wrote songs which set poems by Goethe, Joseph von Eichendorff. He wrote an orchestral work called "Italian Serenade" which is one of his best works outside Lieder. Then his father died and he did not compose for the rest of the year.

Wolf composed a lot during the years 1888 and 1889. He stayed with some friends outside Vienna and wrote songs using poetry by Mörike. He stayed with other friends and composed music to poems by Eichendorff. Then he wrote 51 Goethe songs, followed by "Spanisches Liederbuch" ("Spanish Song Book"). Wolf soon became very famous. His songs had very good reviews, although not everyone was enthusiastic. Brahms wrote bad things about him because, of course, Wolf had written bad things about Brahms.

By 1891 Wolf had become exhausted. His health became poor and he suffered from syphilis as well as from depression. He composed nothing for several years, although his fame continued to spread. Even Brahms changed his mind a wrote good reviews of his music.

Composers were always expected to write large pieces such as symphonies and operas if they were to be taken seriously. Wagner was given the words for an opera called "Der Corregidor". At first he did not want to use it because the libretto was not good, but then he decided to write the opera. However, although it was performed it never became a success.

Wolf last appeared at a concert in February 1897. Soon afterwards he went mad and had to be put in an asylum. A lady called Melanie whom he had loved visited him faithfully during his last years until his death on February 22, 1903. However, she felt very bad because she had not been faithful to her husband, and she killed herself in 1906.

Wolf is buried in the Zentralfriedhof (Central Cemetery) in Vienna, together with many other great composers.

Wolf’s true greatness lies in his Lieder. Although he tried at times to write larger musical works, his real genius lay in writing the smaller forms. He had a great feel for poetry and it is expressed beautifully in many ways: in the late-Romantic harmony which is often very chromatic, in the very original way he writes the piano accompaniments, and in the clever way in which he organizes his songs into groups with connecting themes. His most famous collections are "Mörike-Lieder" (1888), "Eichendorff-Lieder" (1889), "Goethe-Lieder" (1890), "Spanisches Liederbuch" (1891), "Italienisches Liederbuch" (1892, 1896) and "Michelangelo Lieder" (1897).

Wolf wrote hundreds of Lieder, three operas, incidental music, choral music, as well as some rarely-heard orchestral, chamber and piano music. His most famous instrumental piece is the "Italian Serenade" (1887), originally for string quartet and later arranged for orchestra.

Colleges and universities in Arizona

This is a list of colleges and universities in Arizona:



Rosé Quartet

The Rosé Quartet was a string quartet formed by Arnold Rosé in 1882.

The group played together for 55 years, until 1938. Arnold Rosé was the first violin for the whole of that time, but the other members changed. Julius Egghard played the second violin at first; then it was Albert Bachrich, until 1905 when Paul Fischer joined. The viola player was Anton Loh, then Hugo von Steiner until 1901, then Anton Ruzitska; after 1920, Max Handl played the viola. Eduard Rosé, Arnold’s brother, was the cellist at first, but left after one season he left to get married and was replaced by Reinhold Hummer. The next cellist was Friedrich Buxbaum; cellist Anton Walter joined in 1921, but later on Buxbaum took over once more.

The group were particularly famous between 1905 and 1920, with Rosé, Fischer, Ruzitska, and Buxbaum. They were known for their great performances of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven, but also some more modern composers including Arnold Schoenberg.

The group often gave the first Vienna performances of works by Brahms, including his Clarinet Quintet and his Quintet in G major Opus 111. It also gave the first performance of Schoenberg's first and second string quartets and the sextet "Verklärte Nacht" in which they were joined by two other members of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra: Franz Jelinek, viola, and Franz Schmidt, cello.

Colleges and universities in Washington, D.C.

This is a list of colleges and universities in the District of Columbia:

Colleges and universities in Arkansas

This is a list of colleges and universities in Arkansas:



Colleges and universities in Delaware

This is a list of colleges and universities in Delaware:



Colleges and universities in Wyoming

This is a list of colleges and universities in Wyoming:

Colleges and universities in West Virginia

This is a list of colleges and universities in West Virginia:



Colleges and universities in Nebraska

This is a list of colleges and universities in Nebraska:



Colleges and universities in Montana

This is a list of colleges and universities in Montana:

Colleges and universities in Idaho

This is a list of colleges and universities in Idaho:



Colleges and universities in the United States

This is a list of lists of colleges and universities in the United States:






Colleges and universities in Iowa

This is a list of colleges and universities in Iowa:



Colleges and universities in Rhode Island

This is a list of colleges and universities in Rhode Island:



Colleges and universities in South Dakota

This is a list of colleges and universities in South Dakota:



Colleges and universities in Maine

This is a list of colleges and universities in Maine:



Colleges and universities in Maryland

This is a list of colleges and universities in Maryland:




Gothic fiction

Gothic fiction is a type of fiction which combines parts of both horror and romance. The genre is said to have started in England in 1764 with Horace Walpole's book "The Castle of Otranto". "The Castle of Otranto"'s second edition was subtitled "A Gothic Story". The idea quickly spread to other European languages.

A famous early example of gothic fiction is "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley, in the early 19th Century. Edgar Allen Poe's work and Bram Stoker's "Dracula" were written later.

Colleges and universities in Nevada

This is a list of colleges and universities in Nevada:


Colleges and universities in South Carolina

This is a list of colleges and universities in South Carolina:



Colleges and universities in North Dakota

This is a list of colleges and universities in North Dakota:



Colleges and universities in Louisiana

This is a list of colleges and universities in Louisiana:

Colleges and universities in Virginia

This is a list of colleges and universities in Virginia:



Colleges and universities in New Mexico

This is a list of colleges and universities in New Mexico:



Colleges and universities in Wisconsin

This is a list of colleges and universities in Wisconsin:



List of colleges and universities in Tennessee

This is a list of colleges and universities in Tennessee:

The University of Tennessee also operates the following associated institutions:







Colleges and universities in New Hampshire

This is a list of colleges and universities in New Hampshire:



Colleges and universities in Oklahoma

This is a list of colleges and universities in Oklahoma:



Betta splendens

Betta splendens is a species of freshwater fish in the genus "Betta". Bettas are also called betta fish or Siamese fighting fish. They are called Siamese fighting fish because people used to make them fight each other. "Betta splendens" are native to Thailand. They are a popular aquarium fish species. They are known for their interesting behavior, bright colors, and ability to breathe air. 

In the wild, bettas live in rice paddies, canals, and small rivers.

"Betta splendens" is listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List. This means that "Betta splendens" may become endangered soon.

Males are more colorful and usually have larger fins than the females. There are many color patterns and fin types of "Betta splendens". Female bettas have a pointier shape at their stomachs. 
"Betta splendens" can be up to 6.5 centimeters long.

The Siamese fighting fish has been bred to have large and colorful fins. Wild "Betta splendens" do not have bright colors. Bettas are a popular aquarium fish. They are known for their interesting behavior and ability to breathe air. 
A popular fin type is the veiltail, which has long droopy fins that look like a dress. Red and blue are the most common colors in betta fish. Some people think that white, black, and green bettas are rare. Before a male "Betta splendens" begins to mate with a female, the male betta will create a nest of bubbles by blowing mucus-coated bubbles towards the surface of the water. 

If betta fish are kept in a small area, the males will fight each other. Bettas will also nip (bite) the fins of some fish. If a male betta engages with an opponent male, the betta will make his fins flare up, position his gill covers outwards, and move his tail in a lateral beating movement. They can also get aggressive if they see their own reflection. 

Colleges and universities in Texas

This is a list of colleges and universities in Texas:



Through the Fire and Flames

"Through the Fire and Flames" is the first single from the British power metal band DragonForce. The song is the first one from DragonForce’s third album, "Inhuman Rampage". It features two quick guitar solos by Herman Li and Sam Totman. It was released on August 3, 2006. 

During the recording of the song, guitarist Herman Li broke one of his guitar strings. The band chose to keep this recording and left it on the final album version. The album version was recorded in sections and put together to make the final song. 

The song was used in DragonForce's first music video. The length of the song was cut to 5 minutes and 1 second for the video.

This song appears in two Guitar Hero games, Guitar Hero III and . In Guitar Hero 3, it was unlocked after the player finished the game. 

East Asian calligraphy

The East Asian tradition of calligraphy originated and developed in China. The countries that use East Asian calligraphy are China, Japan, Korea and Vietnam.

In calligraphy, paper, ink, brush, ink stone, paperweight, and a desk pad are used.

The special paper used for calligraphy, is made of rice, paper mulberries, bamboo, hemp, etc.

The ink is made from soot and binders. It comes in sticks, and must be rubbed with water on an ink stone. Pre-mixed bottle inks are now available. Pre-mixed bottle inks are for practicing.

The body of the brush can be made of bamboo, or rare materials like red sandalwood, glass, ivory, silver and gold. The head of the brush is made of the hair of animals, like the wolf, rabbit, deer, chicken, duck, goat, pig and tiger, etc.

The ink stone is used to rub the solid ink stick into liquid ink.

They are used to weigh down paper. Paperweights come in several types, and they are collectible works of art.

The desk pad is a pad made out of felt. Students use these desk pads, which are printed with grids on both sides. When placed under the paper, the grid helps to make the words the right size, and ensures correct placement.

Almost all traditionally educated men (and sometimes women) in East Asia are good in calligraphy. The most famous are:


See also 



There are several word styles in calligraphy. Some of them are; Seal Script (often called small seal script), Clerical Script (sometimes called official, draft or scribal script), Semi-cursive Script (also called running script), Cursive Script (sometimes called grass script), Regular Script (often called ‘standard script’), Edomoji, Munjado, and Kao.


Washington Nationals

The Washington Nationals are the professional baseball team based in Washington, D.C., United States. They compete in Major League Baseball (MLB). The Nationals are a member of the Eastern Division of the National League. They are called "The Nats" for short.

From 2005 to 2007, the Nationals played in Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium. The team now plays in Nationals Park, which is in Washington, D.C. along the Anacostia River.

The franchise was founded in 1969 and at that time they played in Montreal, Quebec as the Montreal Expos. They were the first MLB team in Canada and were the only such team until the Toronto Blue Jays began to play in 1977. There was a strong rivalry between these two teams. Since the Expos moved to Washington in 2004, the Blue Jays are now the only team outside the United States.

The Nationals played in their first World Series games in 2019 against the Houston Astros, and they won at 4-3 to clinch their first ever World Series title in their franchise history. The other baseball team from Washington, D.C. recently won the World Series title was in 1924 as Washington Senators.


Catcher

A catcher is a position in baseball. The catcher crouches behind the home plate and catches the ball thrown by the pitcher.

Satin

Satin is a type of cloth that has a glossy surface and a dull back.

Satin is commonly used in baseball jackets, athletic shorts, women's lingerie, nightgowns, and evening gowns. It is also used in some men's boxer shorts, shirts and neckties, bed sheets, and in the making of pointe shoes for use in ballet. Due to its qualities, satin is widely used for the manufacture of bed linen.

Satin was originally woven by the silk weavers in China. As the secrets of silk making were carried westward, splendid satins were woven in Genoa and Florence, then at Lyons and in England in the 15th cent. 

Modern satins are made in a great variety of fibers, including synthetic ones. The term satin now refers to any fabric that is manufactured with a satin weave and is a mixture of silk threads with a synthetic filament, such as rayon or polyester. Silk mixed with short-staple cotton threads is referred to as sateen. Satin fabric is easily recognized by its even, glossy surface and flowing drape.

Dutchess satin is a high thread count, medium-bodied, low luster blended satin that sews easily and benefits from underlining to maintain shape. The extra weight of dutchess satin, as compared to regular satin fabric, lends itself to beading and embroidery. The synthetic component allows the fabric to be machine washed, and makes it last longer. Dutchess satin is used extensively for bridal wear and accessories, due to its pearly sheen and structural stability. The wrinkle-resistant material is also ideal for evening wear and lingerie. 

Charles O. Finley

Charles Oscar Finley (February 22 1918 - February 19 1996), nicknamed Charlie O or Charley O, was an American businessman. He was the owner of the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball team.


Detroit Wolverines

The Detroit Wolverines were a 19th century Major League Baseball team that played in the National League from 1881 to 1888 in the city of Detroit. They played in Recreation Park when it was started in 1879.


Flannel

Flannel is a soft woven fabric, of various fineness. It usually does not have a nap, and instead gains its softness through the loosely spun yarn it is woven from. It is commonly used to make clothing, bed sheets, and sleepwear.

Flannel was originally made from carded wool or worsted yarn, but is now often made from either wool and cotton, or wool and synthetic fibre.

Flannelette is a light, napped cotton fabric imitating the texture of flannel. The weft is generally coarser than the warp. The flannel-like appearance is created by creating a nap from the weft; scratching it and raising it up. Flannelette can either have long or short nap, and can be napped on only one or two sides. It comes in many colours, both solid and patterned.

Flannel, flannelette and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave. The weave is often hidden by napping on one or both sides. After weaving, it is napped once, then bleached, dyed, or otherwise treated, and then napped a second time.

American Association (19th century)

The American Association (AA) was a baseball major league from 1882 to 1891.


The Best Damn Tour: Live in Toronto

The Best Damn Tour – Live in Toronto is a DVD from Avril Lavigne that was recorded in Toronto, Canada on April 7, 2008. The DVD is made up of nineteen songs that Lavigne sang during her "Best Damn Tour". Most of the songs are taken from her third album, "The Best Damn Thing", while two of the songs are cover songs that other artists have sung.

DVD
Encore

Toyota Supra

The Toyota Supra is a sports car made by Toyota. The Supra was called the Celica Supra until 1986, when it became a separate model. Toyota ended the manufacturing of the Supra in the United States in 1998 and Canada in 1995. 

In 2019, the Supra was brought back when they released the GR Supra or A90 Supra (Fifth Generation).

Ana Ivanović

Ana Ivanović ( ) born 6 November 1987) is a Serbian former profesional tennis player. She was the number 1 player for 12 weeks from June to September 2008. She won the French Open in 2008 and came second there in 2007. She also came second at the Australian Open in 2008. She has also played tennis for Serbia in the international tournament called the Fed Cup.

Ivanović is tall, and is famous for the way she plays. She is best known for her powerful serve. Although she is Serbian, Ivanović currently lives in Basel, Switzerland. As of January 2015, she has earned over $13 million during her tennis career. Outside tennis, she is interested in clothes and fashion, and is an ambassador for the worldwide charity for children, UNICEF.

In December 2016, Ivanović announced her retirement from pro tennis.

Ivanović was born in Belgrade in Serbia (which used to be in Yugoslavia). She watched tennis on television when she was five years old, and said, "I loved watching tennis on television, particularly Monica Seles." While she was growing up, the country was bombed by NATO, so she had to arrange her training to avoid this. She would even practice tennis in an empty swimming pool during the winter. When she was 14 years old, she was asked what she dreamed of in tennis, she replied "To become the No. 1 magic player in the world." Her Serbian tennis teacher introduced her to a Swiss businessman who agreed to hire a coach and pay for Ivanović's training in Switzerland.

Her father, Miroslav, and brother, Miros, watch some of Ana's matches on television, but her mother, Dragana, goes to all of them. Ivanović and her mother, who Ivanović describes as her "best friend," live in Basel, Switzerland. Her uncle lives in Australia where Ivanović is very popular. She is studying for a degree in finance at a Belgrade university, and is learning to speak Spanish.

In 2007 she became an ambassador for the international charitable organization UNICEF, saying "I'm also looking forward to going into the classroom and meeting many kids". Ivanović is also interested in fashion–she has modelled clothes and says "...I love to shop..."

In September 2014, she began to date German professional footballer Bastian Schweinsteiger. The couple married on 12 July 2016 in Venice and has two sons.

Ivanović plays tennis holding her racket in her right hand. She also uses both hands on the racket when hitting her backhand shots. She can hit her shots from the baseline (the back of the tennis court) but is also good at volleys. Because she is very tall () she can serve the ball very fast. She hit a serve at the French Open in 2007, the fifth fastest serve of all time on the WTA Tour. However, her serve has become unreliable, mostly because of problems with her toss of the ball. She also has a strong wrist which means she can hide what kind of serve she is going to use until the last moment. She will often shout ""Ajde!"" (""Come on!"" in Serbian) during her matches.

Ivanović played in the junior version of Wimbledon in 2004. She lost the game to Ukrainian player Kateryna Bondarenko. She became a professional tennis player in August 2003. She finished the 2004 tennis season as one of the top 100 female players in the world. In 2005, Ivanović won her first title in the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). She won that game in Canberra, Australia. She beat Hungarian player Melinda Czink. She finished 2005 in the world top 20. She beat Martina Hingis from Switzerland at the Rogers Cup in Montreal in 2006. She also won her only title in doubles competition with Maria Kirilenko in Holland. Hingis got revenge for losing in Montreal by beating Ivanović in the final of the Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo, Japan, in February 2007. Ivanović won her third WTA title by beating Russian player Svetlana Kuznetsova in the German Masters tournament in Berlin in May 2007.

She got to the final of her first Grand Slam tournament in 2007 in the French Open, but she lost to Justine Henin from Belgium. She said that losing that match was her worst moment on a tennis court. Ivanović ended that year as one of the ten best female players in the world. In the following season, she got to the final of the Australian Open where she lost to Maria Sharapova. After the final she was the second best female player in the world. In March 2008, Ivanović beat Svetlana Kuznetsova again in another final at Indian Wells in California.

She won the French Open in 2008 by beating Russian player Dinara Safina 2–0 in the final in Paris. Her prize for winning was a trophy and €1 million. She was the best female tennis player in the world after winning that trophy. She was the first Serbian to be the world's top player. After she won the tournament, she had a "welcome home" party in Belgrade and dinner with the President of Serbia. In June 2008, Ivanović was expected to win the Wimbledon Championships, but lost in the third round. Since then, she has failed to make it past the fourth round in any Major competition.

Ivanović has also played tennis for Serbia in an international competition called the Fed Cup. As of October 2011, she has played 20 matches and won 14 of them.

The following table shows how far Ivanović progressed in each of the Grand Slam tournaments she has played in.

This table shows how much money Ivanović has been paid each year, and it also shows how much she was paid compared to all other female tennis players in the world.

Ivanović is also sponsored by sportswear company Adidas and racket manufacturer company Yonex. She and Maria Sharapova were in a television advertisement to increase interest in women's tennis. In April 2008, her official website was visited over 40 million times, more than any other female athlete.



Colleges and universities in North Carolina

This is a list of colleges and universities in North Carolina:

The University of North Carolina has another member school, the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics. However, it is not a college or university, but rather a two-year high school for gifted North Carolina students in the stated subjects.


Women's Tennis Association

The Women's Tennis Association (WTA), formed in 1973 by Billie Jean King, is the main organizing body of women's professional tennis. It organizes the WTA Tour, the worldwide professional tennis tour for women. The WTA's counterpart organization for men's professional tennis is the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).

The WTA was formed in the month of June 1973, and is able to trace its beginnings back to Houston, Texas, with the first Virginia Slims tournament, which was organized by Gladys Heldman and held in September 1970. The WTA gives out awards every year for players who have done well during the season. The WTA is based in St. Petersburg, Florida.


Grand Slam (tennis)

The four Grand Slam tournaments, also known as The Majors, are the most important tennis tournaments. This is due to the world ranking points players can earn, their tradition, the prize-money, and public and media attention.


Colleges and universities in Kentucky

This is a list of colleges and universities in Kentucky:



Colleges and universities in Mississippi

This is a list of colleges and universities in Mississippi:

Lewis Hamilton

Sir Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton MBE (born 7 January 1985 in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, England) is a British Formula One racing driver, currently racing for the Mercedes AMG Petronas team. A seven-time World Champion, he is often regarded as one of the greatest F1 drivers in history. He announced on March 14th, 2022 that he is in the process of adding Larbalestier to his name to honour his mother Carmen Larbalestier. It is unclear if he intends to race under the name Larbalestier as of yet but many believe he intends to race as Lewis Hamilton-Larbalesteir for the 2022 Formula One Season, with the exception of 2022 Bahrain Grand Prix due to legal proceedings not being complete. 

Hamilton won the British Formula Renault, Formula Three Euroseries, and GP2 championships as his racing career advanced. He became an F1 driver for McLaren-Mercedes in , making his Formula One debut (first race) 12 years after his first meeting with Ron Dennis. Hamilton comes from a mixed-race background, with a black father and white mother. He is often labelled one of "the first black driver in Formula One".

In his first season in Formula One, Hamilton set many racing records. He finished second in the 2007 FIA Formula One World Championship, just one point behind Kimi Räikkönen. He won his first World Championship the next season by one point ahead of Felipe Massa, overtaking Timo Glock on the final lap in Brazil. He signed for Mercedes at the end of 2012 to race for them in the 2013 season. Hamilton has gone on to win five more World Championships, all with the Mercedes team, becoming the most successful British driver in Formula One history.

On 1 February 2024, Hamilton and Mercedes announced that they would be parting at the end of the season. Hamilton would sign a multi-year contract to drive for Ferrari starting in 2025. 
Hamilton was born at Lister Hospital in Stevenage, England, He was named after American sprinter Carl Lewis. His mother, Carmen Larbalestier (now Carmen Lockhart) is British. His father's parents emigrated from Grenada to the United Kingdom in the 1950s. Hamilton's parents separated when he was two. At first he lived with his mother. When Hamilton was twelve, he started living with his father, Anthony. Hamilton was raised Roman Catholic.
Hamilton's first taste of racing came at radio-controlled cars. His father bought him one in 1991, and Hamilton did well. Hamilton started kart racing when he was six. His father bought him his first go-kart as a Christmas present. His father said he would support his racing as long as he worked hard at school. To support his son Anthony had to take extra jobs, but he found enough time to attend all of Hamilton's races.

In October 2007, Hamilton announced his intention to live in Switzerland. He said this was to avoid the media scrutiny in the United Kingdom. Hamilton later admitted on the television show "Parkinson", that taxation was part of the reason for his decision. Hamilton was publicly criticised by UK MPs, including Liberal Democrat MP Bob Russell, for avoiding UK taxes. He settled in Luins in Vaud canton on Lake Geneva.
On 18 December 2007, Hamilton was suspended from driving in France for one month. He had been caught speeding at on a French motorway. His Mercedes-Benz CLK was also impounded. Two days before the Australian Grand Prix, Victoria Police witnessed Hamilton "deliberately losing traction" in his silver Mercedes, and impounded the car for 48 hours. Hamilton immediately released a statement of apology for "driving in an over-exuberant manner". In May 2010, Hamilton was charged with intentionally losing control of a vehicle.

Hamilton was awarded an MBE by the Queen in the 2009 New Year Honours.

Hamilton began karting in 1993 at the age of eight. He quickly began winning races and class championships. At the age of ten he approached McLaren F1 team boss Ron Dennis for an autograph. He told him, "Hi. I'm Lewis Hamilton. I won the British Championship and one day I want to be racing your F1 cars." Dennis wrote in his autograph book, "Phone me in nine years, we'll sort something out then." Hamilton made good progress through the karting ranks. Ron Dennis signed Hamilton to the McLaren driver development program. This contract included an option of a future F1 seat. Hamilton would become the youngest ever driver to secure a contract which led in an F1 racing position.

In 2001, Michael Schumacher made a one-time return to karts and competed against Hamilton along with other future F1 drivers Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg. Hamilton ended the final in seventh, four places behind Schumacher. Although the two saw little of each other on the track Schumacher praised the young Briton (see quote box).

Hamilton began his car racing career in the 2001 Formula Renault UK Winter Series. He finished fifth overall in the winter series. This led to full Formula Renault UK seasons in 2002 and 2003. Hamilton finished 2002 in third place. In 2003 he won the championship with ten wins and 419 points. Since he had enough points to win the championship, Hamilton missed the last two races of the season. He made his debut in the British Formula Three Championship at the season finale. He did show his speed at both the Macau Grand Prix and Korea Super Prix. In Korea, he qualified on pole position in his first visit to the track. It was only his fourth F3 race.

Hamilton made his debut in the Formula 3 Euro Series in 2004. Hamilton ended the year fifth in the championship. He first tested for McLaren in late 2004 at Silverstone.

Hamilton moved to the Euro Series champions ASM for the 2005 season. He dominated the championship, winning 15 of the 20 rounds. He also won the Marlboro Masters of Formula 3 at Zandvoort.

With his success in Formula Three, Hamilton moved to GP2 for the 2006 season. He won the GP2 championship at his first attempt, beating Nelson Piquet, Jr. and Timo Glock.

His 2006 GP2 championship happened at the same time there was a vacancy at McLaren. Juan Pablo Montoya left Formula on to race in NASCAR, and Kimi Räikkönen left to join Ferrari. Hamilton was confirmed as the team's second driver. He would be paired with defending champion Fernando Alonso for the season. He was told of McLaren's decision on 30 September. The news was not made public until 24 November. McLaren was afraid the news would be overshadowed by Michael Schumacher's retirement announcement.

Hamilton's first season in Formula One saw him partner two-time and defending World Champion Fernando Alonso. Hamilton is the first and, , the only black driver to race in the series. After finishing on the podium in his debut, Hamilton went on to set several records as he finished runner-up in the World Drivers' Championship to Kimi Räikkönen by one point, including those for the most consecutive podium finishes from debut (9), the joint most wins in a debut season (4) and the most points in a debut season (109). Throughout the season, Hamilton and Alonso were involved in a number of incidents which resulted in tensions between both drivers and the team, culminating in Alonso and McLaren terminating their contract by mutual consent in November. Following a successful first season at McLaren, Hamilton signed a multi-million-pound contract to stay with the team until 2012.
Hamilton's success continued in 2008 as he amassed five victories and ten podium finishes. As the season reached its conclusion in Brazil, it became a clear two-way fight for the title between the home favourite Felipe Massa and the young Briton. Hamilton won his first title in dramatic fashion in the last race of the season, the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix, overtaking Timo Glock for fifth position in the final corners of the last lap to become the then-youngest Formula One World Champion in history and to deny race-winner Massa the title by one point. This made Hamilton the first British driver to win the World Championship since Damon Hill in 1996.
In his last four years with McLaren, Hamilton continued to score podium finishes and race victories. Hamilton entered the final round of the season with a chance of winning the title, but ultimately finished fourth as Sebastian Vettel won the race to take his maiden drivers' crown. The following year was the first season he had been out-scored by a teammate, as Jenson Button finished runner-up to champion Sebastian Vettel, during a year in which distractions in his private life and run-ins with FIA officials saw Hamilton finish a lowly fifth in the standings, after which he vowed he would return to form for 2012. Hamilton achieved four race-wins in the season as he finished fourth in the standings. Before the end of the year, Hamilton announced, to much surprise, that he would be joining Mercedes for the season, replacing the retiring Michael Schumacher.

Upon signing with Mercedes in , Hamilton was reunited with his childhood karting teammate, Nico Rosberg. The move was met with surprise by pundits and the public, with some describing the move to Mercedes, a team with no recent history of success, as a gamble. In his first season with the Silver Arrows, Hamilton secured a sole race victory, winning the , where he converted an unexpected pole position into a winning margin of over 11 seconds ahead of second-place finisher Kimi Räikkönen, alongside a number of podium finishes and pole positions, finishing fourth in the standings once again, the third time in five years.

Changes to regulations for the season, which mandated the use of turbo-hybrid engines, contributed to the start of a highly successful era for Hamilton. That year saw Mercedes win 16 of the 19 races that season, 11 of those secured by Hamilton as he prevailed in a season-long duel for the title against teammate Rosberg. Clinching his second drivers' title, and eclipsing the victory tally of all British drivers before him, Hamilton declared over team-radio after the final race in Abu Dhabi: "This is the greatest day of my life." New driver number regulations brought in for 2014 allowed drivers to pick a unique car number to use for their entire career, and so Hamilton elected to drive under his old karting No. 44 for the remainder of his career.

Before the start of the season, Hamilton announced he would not be exercising his option of switching his car number to 1, as was his prerogative as reigning World Champion, and would instead continue to race with his career No. 44. It was the first season since , when Alain Prost retired from the sport following his fourth and final World Drivers' Championship title in , that the field did not contain a car bearing the No. 1. Hamilton dominated the season, winning ten races finishing on the podium a record seventeen times as he matched his hero Ayrton Senna's three World Championships titles. The rivalry between him and Rosberg intensified, climaxing in a heated battle at the US Grand Prix where Hamilton won in an action-packed, wheel-to-wheel battle with his teammate to clinch the title with three races to spare. That year, Hamilton extended his contract with Mercedes for three additional years in a deal reportedly worth more than £100 million, making him one of the best-paid drivers in Formula One, as well as allowing Hamilton to retain his own image rights, which is considered unusual in the sport, and keep his championship-winning cars and trophies.

Despite recording more pole positions and race wins than any other driver in , Hamilton lost the drivers' title by five points to his teammate, Rosberg. The team's policy of letting the pair fight freely led to several acrimonious exchanges both on and off the track, culminating in Hamilton defying team-orders at the season finale in Abu Dhabi and deliberately slowing to back Rosberg into the chasing pack at the end of the race in an unsuccessful bid to encourage other drivers to overtake his teammate, which would have allowed him to win the title. Ultimately, a succession of poor starts from Hamilton early in the season and a crucial engine blowout in Malaysia meant Rosberg took the title, which he successfully secured before announcing his shock retirement from the sport immediately after beating his rival.

Following Rosberg's retirement, Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel became Hamilton's closest rival as the pair exchanged the championship lead throughout in a tense title fight. Hamilton registered 11 pole positions that season as he took the record for the all-time most pole positions, and his consistency (finishing every race in the points), as well as a lack of a serious challenge from his new teammate Valtteri Bottas, saw him record nine race victories and secure his fourth World Drivers' title as he overturned a points deficit to Vettel in the first half of the season, ultimately wrapping the title up in Mexico with two races to spare.
The season was the first time that two four-time World Champions, Hamilton and Vettel, would be competing for a fifth title and was billed as the "Fight for Five" by journalists and fans. As with the season before, Ferrari and Vettel appeared to have the upper hand for much of the season, topping the standings until the half-way point. However, Vettel's season unravelled with a number of driver and mechanical errors, while Hamilton's run of six wins in seven in the latter half of the season saw Hamilton clinch the title in Mexico for a second year running as he set a new record for the most points scored in a season (408). During the season, Hamilton signed a two-year contract with Mercedes, reported to be worth up to £40 million per year, making him the best-paid Formula One driver in history.

Having signed a contract with Mercedes that lasted until 2020, it was confirmed Hamilton would defend his title in . Hamilton led the drivers' standings for the majority of the season, fending off title challenges from team-mate Bottas, the Honda-powered Red Bull of Verstappen and Ferrari's recently promoted Leclerc, to clinch his sixth drivers' crown at the 2019 United States Grand Prix with two races remaining. After scoring his sixth career grand slam in the final race of the season, Hamilton ended the season with 11 wins (matching his previous best in 2014 and 2018) and 17 podiums (matching the all-time record for a fourth time) as well as achieving 5 pole positions. His total of 413 points for the season was a new all-time record, seeing the Briton finish 87 points clear of second-placed Bottas.

Hamilton won his seventh drivers' title in , equalling the record set by Schumacher, in a season heavily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Over the shortened seventeen-race season, Hamilton took 11 wins (equalling his previous personal best, but in fewer races) including one in Portugal to break Schumacher's record of 91 wins. He also took 14 podiums and 10 pole positions. Hamilton missed the 2020 Sakhir Grand Prix after contracting COVID-19 and replaced to Mercedes test driver George Russell, originally planned replace to Stoffel Vandoorne or Jack Aitken, his first race absence since his debut in 2007. Hamilton clinched the title at the 2020 Turkish Grand Prix with three rounds to spare and ended the season 124 points clear of his team-mate, Bottas, who finished second in the standings. Amid Formula One's "We Race as One" campaign and growing global support for the Black Lives Matter movement, Hamilton took the knee ahead of every race he entered and wore t-shirts bearing the Black Lives Matter slogan. Hamilton and Bottas' W11 cars also sported a black livery as a statement of Mercedes' commitment to diversity.

Early on in the season, Hamilton and Red Bull's Max Verstappen emerged as title favourites. The pair frequently exchanged the championship lead throughout the season—often sparring (and occasionally coming together) on track—and entered the last race in Abu Dhabi level on points. In Abu Dhabi, Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the final lap of the race, denying Hamilton his eighth title. During the season, Hamilton became the first driver to surpass 100 pole positions and 100 race wins, respectively.

The season finale was marred by controversy over race director Michael Masi's decision to instruct only the lapped cars separating Verstappen and Hamilton to un-lap themselves under the safety car, which eliminated any gap between the pair and allowed the Dutchman, running newly fitted soft tyres, to enter the final lap immediately behind Hamilton on his worn hard tyres. Four days after the race, the FIA announced that it would conduct an internal investigation into the incident. Masi was subsequently removed from his role as race director, with the FIA World Motor Sport Council report finding that "human error" resulted in the failure to follow Formula One Sporting Regulations concerning the withdrawal of the safety car, but also that the final standings "are valid, final and cannot now be changed." Notwithstanding the controversy in Abu Dhabi, BBC Sport's Andrew Benson described the season as "one of the most intense, hard-fought battles in sporting history", with Hamilton and Verstappen having "been head and shoulders—and a lot more—clear of every other driver on the grid."

Hamilton is partnered by George Russell for , in place of the departing Bottas. The season saw significant changes in technical regulations which sought to utilise ground effect to generate downforce. During pre-season testing in Bahrain, Mercedes introduced its "zero sidepod" car design, which was radically different to that of its competitors. The Mercedes W13 suffered with extreme porpoising early in the season which limited the car's potential; at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, Hamilton deemed the car "undrivable".

Hamilton won 4 out of 6 races so far in the Spanish Grand Prix. 

Hamilton has matched or set the following records in Formula One:
In his debut season, Hamilton took the record of Youngest World Drivers' Championship runner-up, at 22 years and 288 days, previously held by Kimi Räikkönen at 23 years and 360 days. In 2009, this record was taken by Sebastian Vettel, who was 22 years and 122 days when he secured runner-up position in the championship.

Hamilton is the first driver of black heritage to compete in Formula One (although Willy T. Ribbs tested an F1 car in 1986). He is the first driver of black heritage to win a major race at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in any discipline. In addition, he is the third youngest driver to achieve an F1 pole position, and the fourteenth F1 driver to achieve a podium finish on his debut.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress.


Todd Bentley

Todd Bentley (born 1976) claims to be a Canadian Evangelical Christian. He practiced as an Evangelist before being denounced. He was one of the main preachers who are part of the Charismatic revival meetings in Lakeland, Florida known as the Florida Healing Outpouring. Attendance at the meetings was as high as 10,000 visitors a night from around the world. Todd Bentley has since been denounced as a false prophet by Christian communities.

When Bently was a child he lived in Gibsons, British Columbia, a small place in west Canada. At the time when Todd Bentley's mother and father stopped being married, Bentley wrote in a book about himself that he made in 2008 called, "The Journey into the Miraculous", that he had problems and did illegal drugs. He also said in this book that he had drank too much alcohol. Bentley said that he changed to believe in Jesus and be a Christian, and when he did that he did not have problems with drugs or drinking alcohol anymore. He became a Christian when he was 18 years old.

Bentley's beliefs are close to the Assemblies of God (AOG) and often speaks at meetings in AOG churches, although he is not under their authority.

Bentley's other beliefs and style are seen as being from "Spiritual Leader" to "False Prophet" by other Christian leaders. He yells 'Bam!' during sermons, He has an unusual appearance for a preacher such as tattoos and piercings.

At greater issue is Bentley's mysticism and spirituality, which is nontraditional for the Pentecostal and Charismatic congregations he serves and counter to others. Two major points of contention are the manner and veracity of the Faith Healing he conducts in his services and an encounter he discusses with an angel that was a harbinger of financial wellbeing. Other major theological debates have arisen from Bentley's references to several trips he has made to Heaven and meetings with the Paul the Apostle. These controversies were highlighted by the media coverage of the Lakeland revival.

Bentley heavily features faith healing, a common feature of the Charismatic movement. His behavior in conducting the healings has come under fire for the violence with which it is sometimes done. Bentley most commonly places his hands on an individual's head or area of infirmity but sometimes has more violently kicked out or hit the volunteer while calling out for the power of God to descend. In response, some people may stand and physically tremble, while others may literally fall down to the ground in what they call "falling under the power" of the Holy Spirit. The medical corroboration of both the injuries sustained by healings and the healings themselves has been a common topic of dissension in the media.

A controversy surrounds his alleged encounter with an angel he called 'Emma' at an AOG church in 2001. Bentley stated that the female angel gave him a vision of gold dust, and afterwards he received a breakthrough in terms of financial stability. Among Assembly of God congregants, especially, there was debate about whether such a professed encounter was in line with AOG doctrine as set out in the 16 Fundamental Truths The most persistent challenge was twofold; whether the experience of a specifically female angel who prophesied financial well-being was a Biblically recognized phenomenon, and whether preaching about such an encounter was theologically responsible - would it bring converts to worship such an angel rather than the God who sent her? Bentley has argued that it was God's choice, and not his own, that an angel appeared to him in that manner.


NCAA Division I

Division I is the highest level of college sports in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) in the United States. Its schools generally have the biggest budgets, the best facilities, and offer more their students more athletic scholarships than Divisions II and III.

Below is a list of sports conferences belonging to Division I:



These conferences only play football:

These conferences do not play football, but do play basketball:

This conference plays more than one sport, but does not play either football or basketball:

These conferences only play ice hockey:

The only Division I all-sports conference that plays either men's or women's ice hockey is the Big Ten. It started a men's hockey league in 2013–14.

The Ivy League technically sponsors ice hockey for both men and women, but does not hold a championship tournament. All Ivy League schools that play ice hockey play in Hockey East. The Ivy League determines its champion from results of ECAC Hockey games that involve two Ivy members.

These conferences only play water polo. Two run men's and women's leagues, and the other runs only a women's league.

One conference competes only in wrestling:

These conferences play only one sport:

In some sports, the NCAA does not split schools into divisions because only a small number of schools play a given sport. Technically, conferences in these sports are not Division I. However, most of the schools in these conferences are in Division I in other sports.

These conferences only play men's volleyball (note that women's volleyball is split into divisions):

This conference only plays women's beach volleyball:

These conferences only compete in skiing:

These conferences only compete in gymnastics:

These conferences only compete in rifle shooting:

This conference only does fencing:

NCAA Division II

Division II is the middle division of competition in the National Collegiate Athletic Association. It is less competitive and less expensive than Division I, but more competitive than Division III, which offers no athletic scholarships. Divisions II and III were previously known togther as the NCAA College Division.

This is a list of Division II athletics (or sports) conferences:

These conferences do not play football:

These conferences play only one or two sports. Note that the NCAA treats swimming and diving as a single sport. Also, the NCAA counts men's and women's teams in the same sport as playing two different sports.

NCAA Division III

Division III is a division of the National Collegiate Athletic Association of the United States. The division is made up of colleges and universities that choose not to offer their students athletic scholarships.

This is a list of athletics conferences that belong to this division, divided into several groups by sports sponsorship:





Atlantic Coast Conference

The Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) is one of the major college sports conferences in the United States. It was formed in 1953 by a group of seven colleges and universities that left the Southern Conference.

Starting with the 2023–24 school year, the only sport in which the conference's members are split into groups—the Atlantic and Coastal Divisions—is baseball. The Atlantic–Coastal split was also used in football before the 2023 season.

Notre Dame does not play football in the ACC; in that sport, it remains an "independent" school that does not play in a conference. However, it has agreed to play five of its 12 regular-season games each year against other ACC schools. Syracuse does not have a baseball team; Notre Dame takes its place in the Atlantic Division for that sport.

Amid a major NCAA conference realignment in the early 2020s, the ACC announced on September 1, 2023 that it would add three new members for the 2024–25 school year. Two are leaving the Pac-12 Conference, which will effectively fold at the end of the 2023–24 school year, and the other is leaving the American Athletic Conference.

Two schools have left the ACC:

As of the 2023–24 school year, the ACC holds championships in 28 sports. Thirteen of these are men's sports and 15 are women's sports. One sport, fencing, has separate ACC men's and women's team championships, but has a single coeducational (men's and women's) NCAA team championship.


Keir Hardie

James Keir Hardie (15 August 1856 – 26 September 1915) was a Scottish socialist and labour leader, and was the first independent labour Member of Parliament (MPs) in the UK Parliament, seven years before the start of the Labour Party.

He was born in Newhouse, Lanarkshire. He worked as a coal miner, but his bosses stopped him from working when he made a union. He became a politician, and was elected to (chosen for) parliament in 1892. At first he was a Liberal, but he was interested in making a working class party. He started the Independent Labour Party in 1893, and what became the modern Labour party in 1900. He died in Glasgow following a series of strokes.



Southeastern Conference

The Southeastern Conference (SEC) is an American college athletic conference located primarily in the South Central and Southeastern United States. The conference has 14 members. It is a part of the NCAA's Division I.

Since July 1, 2012, there are 14 members, with Vanderbilt being the only private university. It will expand on July 1, 2024, making the Southeastern Conference have 16 members.

On July 27, 2021, Oklahoma and Texas told the SEC they wanted to be a part of the conference. On July 29, 2021, the presidents of the current 14 schools of the SEC all voted in agreement to give an offer to Oklahoma and Texas. On July 30, 2021, both future SEC schools voted to accept the invitation, and then were set to join the SEC at the start of the 2025–26 school year. Oklahoma and Texas would later reach a buyout agreement with the Big 12 that allowed them to join the SEC in July 2024.

Fausto Coppi

Angelo Fausto Coppi (15 September 1919 – 2 January 1960) was an Italian racing cyclist. He was born in Castellania. He was one of the most successful and most popular cyclists of all time. He won the Tour de France twice, in 1949 and 1952. He won the Giro d'Italia five times, in 1940, 1947, 1949, 1952 and 1953. He also held the World Hour record (the farthest cycled in one hour) from 1942 to 1956.

He fought in the Second World War. He was a prisoner of war of the British. It is possible that Coppi could have won many more races in the five years that were lost because of the war. Coppi died of malaria in Tortoni in 1960 at the age of 40.



Hurricane Hazel

Hurricane Hazel was the worst hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season and one of the worst hurricanes of the 20th century. Hazel killed as many as 1,000 people in Haiti before striking the United States just south of Wilmington, North Carolina as a Category 4 hurricane. 19 people were killed in North Carolina, and 81 people were killed when it hit Toronto, Ontario. It is the strongest hurricane ever recorded to strike so far inland.

Miguel Induráin

Miguel Ángel Indurain Larraya (born July 16, 1964) is a Spanish retired road racing cyclist. He was a professional cyclist from 1985 to 1996. He was the first person to win the Tour de France five times in a row from 1991 to 1995. He also won the Giro d'Italia two times, in 1992 and 1993. In 1994, he cycled 53.040 kilometres in one hour, which was a new hour record. He also won the Olympic Gold medal for the time trial in 1996.

Indurain was very good at time trials. In the five Tours de France that he won, he only won two stages that were not time trials. He finished time trials much quicker than other cyclists, so he did not need to attack in mountain stages. In the 1996 Tour de France, he had a bad cold and he could not win. He retired later in 1997.






Shimon Peres

Shimon Peres (; born Szymon Perski; 2 August 1923 – 28 September 2016) was a Polish-born Israeli statesman. He was the President of the State of Israel. Peres served twice as the Prime Minister of Israel. He also served as Interim Prime Minister twice. Peres has been a member of 12 cabinets. His political career spanned over 66 years.
He was one of three leaders who shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994. The others were Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat. All three got the prizes for trying to make peace in the Middle East.

On September 13, 2016, Peres, aged 93, suffered a severe stroke and was hospitalized in Ramat Gan, Israel. He had suffered a massive brain hemorrhage. Two days later, he was reported as being in a serious but stable condition. However, on September 26, an examination found damage to his brainstem. He died on September 28 of complications from the stroke.

His cousin was the American Hollywood actress Lauren Bacall. Their fathers were brothers.



 

Ehud Olmert

Ehud Olmert, Hebrew: אהוד אולמרט , (born 30 September 1945 in Binyamina) is an Israeli lawyer and former politician. He was Prime Minister of Israel.

Olmert was a Member of Knesset from 1974 to 2009, with an interruption from 1999 to 2003. He was also mayor of Jerusalem from 1993 to 2003.

In 2006 he switched from Likud to newly formed Kadima. He was the head of Kadima until September 2008.

He was the 12th Prime Minister of Israel between 14 April 2006 and 31 March 2009, succeeding Ariel Sharon and succeeded by Benjamin Netanyahu.

From February 2016 till July 2017, Olmert was spending time in prison because of a felony conviction of breach of trust and bribery.


Kadima

Kadima, Hebrew: קדימה‎‎ - "Forward", is an Israeli political party. 

Its ideology is centrist liberal, and Zionist. 

Kadima believed in both Israel's security and continuing the peace process, and supported negotiating an agreement for peace with the Palestinians, but is de facto defunct.

Kadima was founded on November 24, 2005 by Ariel Sharon, as a splitting from Likud.

Number of seats in the 20th Knesset: / (-2).

Svetlana Kuznetsova

Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova (Cyrillic: ; born June 27, 1985) is a Russian professional tennis player who is currently ranked World No. 4. She won the US Open singles title in 2004 and was the runner-up in singles at the French Open in 2006 and the US Open in 2007, losing both finals to Justine Henin in straight sets.

Jacques Anquetil

Jacques Anquetil (8 January 1934 – 18 November 1987), was a French road racing cyclist. He was the first cyclist to win the Tour de France five times, in 1957 and from 1961 to 1964. Anquetil was very good at riding time trials, and this helped him to win grand tours. He also won the Giro d'Italia in 1960 and 1964, and the Vuelta a España in 1963. This made him the first cyclist to win all three grand tours. In 1956 he rode 46.159 kilometres in one hour, making a new hour record.

Anquetil was born in Mont-Saint-Aigan. He died of stomach cancer in Rouen. 






Hour record

The hour record for bicycles is the record for the longest length rode in one hour on a bicycle. The first recorded hour record was in 1876 when F. L. Dodds rode 26.508 kilometres on a penny-farthing bicycle. Many people since then have tried to be the fastest. People trying to break the record have helped to change bicycle designs.

In 1972, the Belgian cyclist Eddy Merckx set a record of 49.431 kilometres. It was the record for twelve years. Since that time technology has allowed much more aerodynamic bicycle designs. The Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), has made his design standard for their competitions. There is now another record, the International Human Powered Vehicle Association (IHVA) hour record, for other designs. The hour record for regular bicycles is called the UCI record. 

Ondřej Sosenka holds the UCI hour record at 49.700 kilometres. Sam Whittingham holds the IHVA hour record at 86.752 kilometres.

Billie Jean King Cup

The Billie Jean King Cup is the premier team competition in women's tennis, launched in 1963 as the Federation Cup to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the International Tennis Federation (ITF). The competition name changed to Fed Cup in 1995, and then to its current name, honoring American tennis great and women's rights advocate Billie Jean King, in September 2020.

Kateryna Bondarenko

The younger sister of Alyona Bondarenko, she was born in Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine, then part of the Soviet Union. She plays right-handed and turned pro in 2000.

Port Arthur

Port Arthur may refer to: 


Other

Melinda Czink

Melinda Czink (born October 22, 1982 in Budapest) is a Hungarian professional female tennis player. On March 1, 2004 Czink reached her career-high singles ranking of World No. 64.

Maria Kirilenko

Maria Yuryevna Kirilenko (; born 25 January 1987 in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional tennis player. She won her first WTA Tour title in 2005, defeating Anna-Lena Grönefeld 6–3, 6–4 in the China Open. Kirilenko reached #19, her career-high singles ranking, on the WTA tour in June 2008. She is a good friend of Maria Sharapova. She is affectionately called Makiri.

Alberto Contador

Alberto Contador Velasco (born 6 December 1982 in Madrid) is a Spanish road racing cyclist for the Astana Team. He won the 2007 Tour de France riding for the Discovery Channel team. He also won the 2008 Giro d'Italia riding for Astana. Contador is very good at climbing mountains.

Contador became a professional in 2003. In 2004 he started to have headaches. A few days later, while he was racing, he crashed and went to hospital. There, doctors found a problem with a blood vessel in his brain. He needed some dangerous surgery, and needed many months to recover (get better). In 2005 he was healthy, and rode in his first Tour de France. He finished in 31st place. 

In 2006 his team had some trouble. A doctor in Spain had given drugs to athletes to help them to win. Some cyclists on Contador's team had worked with the doctor. The police wanted to check to see if Contador had taken drugs. As a result, Contador could not enter the 2006 Tour de France. Later the police decided that Contador had not taken drugs from the doctor. The case about the doctor was called the Operación Puerto doping case, and caused many problems in cycling.

Contador had to find a new team. In January 2007, he joined the Discovery Channel team, and won the famous Paris-Nice race in March. In the Tour de France, he won the 14th stage, and was second in the race to Michael Rasmussen. Rasmussen had to leave the race because he had not been honest about where he was training before the race. Because of this, Contador wore the yellow jersey, meaning he was in first place in the race, from stage 18. In stage 19, a time trial, he did not lose too much time, and started the last stage with a 23 seconds lead over Cadel Evans in second place. Evans and Contador finished with the same time, so Contador won the 2007 Tour de France.

The Discovery Channel Team stopped racing at the end of 2007, and Contador joined the Astana Team. This was the same team he had worked for in 2005, but with a new name and new people managing it. However, the group running the Tour de France decided that Astana could not join the 2008 Tour de France. One week before the 2008 Giro d'Italia, the group running it invited the Astana team to join. The team did not have much time to prepare (get ready), but Contador became the leader of the race on the 15th stage. He wore the maglia rosa (pink leader's jersey) until the finish in Milan. This meant that Contador had won his second grand tour.


Dinara Safina

Dinara Mikhailovna Safina (), born April 27, 1986) is a Russian professional tennis player of Tatar ethnicity. She was born in Moscow, Russia. She is the younger sister of former world number one men's player, Marat Safin.

She was coached by Glen Schaap, former trainer of Nadia Petrova. Her new coach is Željko Krajan. Her mother, Rauza Islanova used to be her trainer when she was younger and still gives advice to Dinara. Dinara Safina's father is director of the Spartak tennis club in Moscow. She has won one Grand Slam title, the women's double title at the 2007 U.S. Open with her partner Nathalie Dechy. She also reached the final of the French Open in 2008, losing to current World No. 1 Ana Ivanović.

Alejandro Valverde

Alejandro Valverde Belmonte (born April 25, 1980) is a Spanish road racing cyclist. He rides for the Caisse d'Epargne team. Valverde won the Liège-Bastogne-Liège race in 2006 and 2008. He was second in the 2006 Vuelta a España and sixth in the 2007 Tour de France. He won the 2008 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré, an important race before the 2008 Tour de France. This means that many people think he will do well in the Tour. 

Valverde is a strong climber, sprinter and time trialist.

All results were voided from 31 May, because of the suspension backdated to 1 January.

Grand Tour general classification results timeline:

WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

This table shows Valverde's classics results.

Time trial

In many racing sports an athlete will compete (take part) in a time trial. This is when the athlete races over a course as fast as he can. In cross country skiing and biathlon competitions, a skier will start every 30 to 60 seconds. These are called interval starts. In cycling a time trial (TT) can be a single track race, or an individual time trial on the road. Time trials are often a part of a stage race, for example the Tour de France.
In a team time trial in cycling, a team of riders will race together. A group can ride faster than just one rider because riders following the leader are sheltered from the wind. 

In rowing, time trial races, where the boats start every 10 to 20 seconds, are usually called "head races".


Markhor

The markhor ("Capra falconeri") is a large goat. It is found in woodland in Central Asia, Karakoram and the Western Himalayas, this is the National Animal of Pakistan. 

Markhor are 65 to 115 centimetres tall at the shoulder. They usually weigh from 40 to 110 kilograms. Females are a tan colour with a white underbelly and a pattern of black and white on the legs. Males are a lighter tan colour with the same white underbelly and pattern on the legs. Males also have a black face and lots of long white fur on their neck and chest which can grow down to their knees. Both males and females have corkscrew-shaped horns which can grow up to 160 cm / 64 inches long in males, and up to 25 cm / 10 inches in females.

Markhor live in places 500 to 3500 metres (1,500 to 11,000 feet) high, where they eat grass, leaves. Markhor often stand on their back legs to reach the top leaves of trees. Markhor are active (move around more) in the early morning and late afternoon. Females gather in herds (groups) of up to nine animals. Males usually live alone.

The markhor is the National animal of Pakistan. The word "Markhor" is Persian for "Snake Eater". They live in Pakistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Indian Kashmir Valley. In Pakistan, they live in the Chitral, Ghizar and Hunza regions. There are fewer markhor left because human beings take livestock to eat grass in the places where the markhor lives. Other people have killed the markhor for its horns. As of 2012, the IUCN said there were probably 2,500 markhor left in the wild.


She's So Unusual

She's So Unusual is the first solo album by the famous American 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper. It was released in 1983. It included the popular single, "Girls Just Want to Have Fun".

Betta

Betta is a genus of fish. "Betta splendens" is a common species of this genus. "Betta" are very brightly coloured. They can be bought in a local pet store. Other species of betta are more rare. The males often show their aggression at other males as well as females by flaring at one another. Betta are surface breathers. They breathe air from the surface to make a bubble nest which attracts the female for mating. Betta fishes are found in small water bodies. These bodies of water are full of fallen leaf litter and peat that gives the Betta many places to hide. 

Before mating, put two tanks near each other for a few days and put them together in the tank. The male betta breathes air from the surface to make a bubble nest. This nest attracts the female for breeding. Once the nest is complete, the male Betta will try to get a female Betta to lay her eggs by showing his fins and dancing around her. After that, the male betta will keep annoying and bullying the female betta. This shows that the male is stronger than the female. It also makes the female betta fish tired. A healthy and strong female betta will lay the eggs several days later. At that time, the male will help the female by pressing on the female's belly to squeeze out the eggs. It takes several days to lay all of the eggs. Once the female Betta lays her eggs in the nest, the male Betta will fertilize them by releasing his sperm over the eggs.

The least need 20-cubed tanks for a living, do not put a male betta together they will fight until one of them dies. We can put female bettas together.

There are a lot of types that are not found, and many people are making new breeds so it is currently progressing. Some types of betta fish have colorful types, but many betta fish have only one or two colors. There are two types, one is a long fin and the other one is a short fin.

-Brine shrimp

-Mosquito larvae

-Small fly larvae

-Common water fleas (Daphnia)

-Types of worm (white worm, blood worm, glass worm)

-Brine shrimp

-Fruit flies

-Fruit (mango, banana, melon)

-Chicken

-Fresh seafood (raw)

Palaeobettidae is an extinct family of freshwater anabantiform fish.

Lichtenstein, Saxony

Lichtenstein is a small town in Saxony. It is between Zwickau and Chemnitz. Lichtenstein has the second name "Stadt im grünen" (engl. "town in green"). Lichtenstein has several sights. There are 7 museums, 2 theaters, 1 castle and 7 nature parcs. The most famous museum of Lichtenstein is the "Miniwelt". There are many world sights in small, for example the statue of Liberty. As of December 2011, 12,613 people live there.

Lichtenstein consists of 3 parts the main town, Lichtenstein and the two small villages "Heinrichsort" and "Rödlitz".

Neighbour towns are Bernsdorf, Glauchau, St. Egidien, Mülsen, Hohndorf and Oelsnitz.

Lichtenstein was founded in 1212. The church of St. Laurentius, one of two churches, was build in 1261. In the 12th century was built the castle of Lichtenstein. The "Schönburgs" live there until 1945.

The council consists of 22 councillors and the mayor.

Wolgang Sedner is the mayor of Lichtenstein, since 1990. He won the last vote in June 2008 in the second ballot.



Otogizōshi

Otogizōshi are a group of short stories with pictures, written in Japan, mostly in the period between 1392 and 1573. There are about 350 of these stories. They are about many different things: love, religion, fighting, humor, and other things. The "otogizōshi" were often read to an audience.


Salem, Massachusetts

Salem is a city in Essex County, in Massachusetts. It was home of the Salem Witch Trials of 1692.

Deval Patrick

Deval Laurdine Patrick (born July 31, 1956) is an American politician. He was elected to be the governor of Massachusetts in 2006. He is the first African-American to be elected governor of that state. He is only the third African-American to be elected a governor of any state in the United States. Patrick ran as a Democrat.

He was born in Chicago, Illinois on 31 July 1956, is a lawyer, and holds two degrees from Harvard University.

On November 11, 2019, "The New York Times" reported that Patrick was thinking of a 2020 presidential candidacy. He announced his candidacy three days later on November 14. He ended his campaign on February 12, 2020 a day after the New Hampshire primary.


Structure of the Earth

The structure of the Earth is divided into layers. These layers are both physically and chemically different. The Earth has an outer solid layer called the crust, a highly viscous layer called the mantle, a liquid layer that is the outer part of the core, called the outer core, and a solid center called the inner core. The shape of the earth is an oblate spheroid, because it is slightly flattened at the poles and bulging at the equator.

The boundaries between these layers were discovered by seismographs which showed the way vibrations bounced off the layers during earthquakes. Between the Earth's crust and the mantle is a boundary called the moho. It was the first discovery of a major change in the Earth's structure as one goes deeper.


A full explanation of these effects is not yet clear. It seems that the high temperature and pressure cause changes in the crystallization of minerals, so that the composition might be a kind of changing mixture of liquid and crystals.

The moho, properly called the Mohorovičić discontinuity, is the boundary between the Earth's crust and the mantle. It was discovered by Croatian seismologist Andrija Mohorovičić in 1909. He discovered that seismograms of earthquakes showed two kinds of seismic waves. There is a shallow slower wave which arrives first, and a deep faster wave which arrives second. He reasoned that the deeper wave changed speed as it got just below the mantle. The reason it went faster was that the material of the mantle was different from that of the crust.

The discontinuity lies 3040 km below the surface of continents, and less deep below the ocean floors.

Geologists have been trying to get at the Moho for decades. During the late 1950s and early 1960s "Project Mohole" did not get enough support, and was cancelled by the United States Congress in 1967. Efforts were also made by the Soviet Union. They reached a depth of over 15 years, the world's deepest hole, before abandoning the attempt in 1989.

Reaching the discontinuity is still an important scientific target. One proposal considers a self-descending tungsten capsule. The idea is that the capsule would be filled with radioactive material. This would give off enough heat to melt the surrounding rock, and the capsule would be pulled down by gravity.

The Japanese project Chikyū Hakken ("Earth discovery") plans to use a drilling shop to drill down through the thinner ocean crust. On 6 September 2012 Scientific deep sea drilling vessel Chikyu set a new world record by drilling down and obtaining rock samples from deeper than 2,111 metres below the seafloor off the Shimokita Peninsula of Japan in the northwest Pacific Ocean.

Macquarie Island, off Tasmania, is at the meeting-point of two huge oceanic plates: the Pacific Plate and the Indo-Australian Plate. The island is made of material pushed up from deep in the Earth's mantle. It is thought that the green ophiolite rock was formed at the moho, and was brought up by a mid-oceanic ridge. Now it comes to the surface because the two plates are scrunching together. It is the only place on Earth where this is happening at present. There are other places where ophiolite is found, but they were brought up many millions of years ago. Ophiolites are found in all the major mountain belts of the world.

Provisional designation in astronomy

A provisional designation in astronomy is the naming convention of astronomical objects as soon as they are found. The provisional designation is usually replaced by a permanent name once a good orbit has been calculated. With asteroids, so many have been found that many will never be named by the people who found them.


Traffic sign

A traffic sign or a road sign is a sign put at the side of roads to give information to drivers. It can direct people driving where to go or what to do.

A road sign is something that gives information by means of a symbol, or in only 1 or 2 words. It helps people in their vehicles on the road. Some signs include: give way, stop, keep left, no U-turn, no parking, zebra crossing ahead, and much more. Traffic signs are very useful. Without signs and traffic lights there would be many accidents and arguments on the road.

Istituto Nazionale di Statistica

Istituto Nazionale di Statistica is the national statistical institute of Italy. The name translates to 'National Institute of Statistics'. This institute collects information about the country, including counting the people in Italy (the "census"). It is sometimes called "Istat".


Harold Rubin

Harold Rubin (13 May 1932 – 1 April 2020) was a South African-born Israeli visual artist and free jazz clarinettist. He was born in Johannesburg. He became a founding member of the 1980s Zaviot jazz quartet, which recorded albums with the label Jazzis Records and performed at festivals and clubs in Israel and Europe until its break-up in 1989.

Rubin died on 1 April 2020, aged 87.

List of Adventures in Odyssey characters

The following is a list of the characters from the "Adventures in Odyssey" radio program.



List of WTA number 1 ranked players

The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) world number one ranking is a 52-week system based on the total points won by a female professional tennis player, during a WTA season. The WTA started ranking players on 3 November 1975, and 21 women have achieved the number one status in singles and 32 players in doubles.

Please needs updates. We are in 2019



Barbour County, Alabama

Barbour County, Alabama is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of James Barbour, who was Governor of Virginia. As of 2020 the population was 25,223. Its county seat is Clayton.

Barbour County was created on December 18, 1832 from former Creek Indian territory and a portion of Pike County. Its borders were altered in 1866 and 1868. The Election Riot of 1874 occurred near Comer.





Monpazier

Monpazier is a city in France. It is in the Dordogne departement, in Aquitaine. In 1999, 516 people lived there. It has been named one of the most beautiful villages in France by the association Les Plus Beaux Villages de France. It was built as a bastide. For some time, Eleanor of Aquitaine and Richard III lived there. 

The city was founded by Edward I of England in 1284. It is of rectangular design, built around a main square. 

The city is about half-way between Bergerac and Sarlat-la-Canéda. Each city is about 45 km away. The River Dropt runs through the city.

Sarlat-la-Canéda

Sarlat-la-Canéda (), or simply Sarlat, is a town and commune in southwestern France, in the region of Aquitaine. It is a subprefecture of the Dordogne department.

The city developed around a Carolingian Benedictine abbey in the 13th century. The abbey already existed in the 9th century. it was part of the six great abbeys of the old province of Périgord. The others were Paunat, Belvès, Saint Front de Périgueux, Brantôme and Terrasson. The Carolingian abbey was the only one to be spared by the Vikings because it does not lie on the Dordogne river or its tributaries. In 1317, Sarlat became the seat of a bishop.

The city was badly damaged in the Hundred Years' War. After several conflicts it was rebuilt in Renaissance style between 1450 and 1500. In the middle of the 17th century, the city lost political influence and became poorer.

On 1 March 1965, the "communes" of Sarlat and of La Canéda were combined in one "commune" with the name of Sarlat-la-Canéda.

Sports clubs:


The "commune" of Sarlat-la-Canéda has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Sarlat-la-Canéda is surrounded by the "communes" Tamniès, Marquay. Marcillac-Saint-Quentin, Proissans, Sainte-Nathalène, Saint-Vincent-le-Paluel, Carsac-Aillac, Vitrac, Vézac and Saint-André-d'Allas.

Sarlat-la-Canéda has an oceanic climate with template summers (Köppen climate classification: Cfb).

The inhabitants of Sarlat-la-Canéda are known, in French, as "Sarladais" (women: "Sarladaises").

With a population of 9,127 (2014), Sarlat-la-Canéda has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Sarlat-la-Canéda

Sarlat-la-Canéda forms the urban area of Sarlat-la-Canéda with a population of 9,259 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Sarlat-la-Canéda, formed by 17 "communes" with a population of 19,520 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Sarlat-la-Canéda is a subprefecture of the Dordogne and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Sarlat-la-Canéda.

The "commune" is the administrative centre () of the canton of "Sarlat-la-Canéda"', formed with 13 "communes".

It is part of the intercommunality "Sarlat-Périgord Noir" ().




Hurricane Erika (2003)

Hurricane Erika was a Atlantic hurricane that hit extreme northeastern Mexico near the Texas-Tamaulipas border. It happened on August 16, during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. Erika was the eighth tropical cyclone, fifth tropical storm, and third hurricane of the season that year. The storm was created from a non-tropical area of low pressure that was tracked for five days before developing in the eastern Gulf of Mexico on August 14. Under the influence of a high pressure system, Erika moved quickly westward and became stronger under favorable conditions.

A weak surface area of low pressure came apart from a frontal system on August 8. It was moving southwestward during that time. On August 9, it created convection when it was passing underneath a cold-core upper-level low. As the system rapidly continued westward, a lot of the convection stayed near the center of the upper-level low, preventing development of a closed surface circulation. On August 13, while located near the northwestern Bahamas, an increase in convection made the upper-level low building downwards to the middle levels of the troposphere, which caused the development of an upper level anticyclone.

On August 14, a closed low-level circulation nearly developed to the east of Key Largo, Florida, but because of the deep convection remaining to the north over the mid-level center, it was weakened. The mid-level storm continued going westward and it moved across Florida. After crossing Florida, Hurricane Hunters showed a poor circulation, but with winds higher than tropical storm strength, and the system was designated as Tropical Storm "Erika" late on August 14 while located 85 miles (135 km) west of Fort Myers.
With well-established outflow and low levels of wind shear, Erika became stronger as the circulation became better defined. A high pressure system covered over the south-central United States, forcing the storm to move just south of due west at 25 mph (40 km/h). On August 15, convection were made into bands, and as its winds were turning into hurricane strength, an eye developed within the storm. The storm quickly weakened over the Sierra Madre Oriental, and Erika was calming down early on August 17. After entering the Gulf of California on August 18, It led to the formation of a tropical disturbance. It went to the northwest and weakened on August 20.


Bergerac

Bergerac () is a commune and a subprefecture of the Dordogne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France.

It is the second biggest city of the department, after Périgueux.

Despite the similarities in their names, there is no connection to Cyrano de Bergerac, a French writer from Paris.

Bergerac is in the south of the Dordogne department, in the region named as "Périgord Pourpre"; the Dordogne river flows through the city.

The city is at about from Périgueux, from Agen, from Bordeaux and from Cahors.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Bergerac is surrounded by the "communes" Ginestet, Maurens, Lembras, Creysse, Cours-de-Pile, Saint-Nexans, Colombier, Monbazillac, Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes and Prigonrieux.

The climate of Bergerac is a Mediterranean climate (Marine West Coast Climate), Cfb in the Köppen climate classification, with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Bergerac are known, in French, as "Bergeracois" (women: "Bergeracoises").

With a population of 27,764 (2014), Bergerac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Bergerac

Bergerac forms with 22 other "communes", including four "communes" that are part of the Gironde department, the urban area of Bergerac with a population of 64,968 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Bergerac, formed by 67 "communes" with a population of 81,574 inhabitants and an area of .

Bergerac is a subprefecture of the Dordogne department since 1790, and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Bergerac.

The "commune" is the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Bergeracoise" ().

Bergerac is twinned with:

Bergerac is known for its wines and its tobacco. It has 12 recognized wine kinds that are "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC).



Sweet chestnut

The sweet chestnut ("Castanea sativa"), sometimes called European chestnut, Spanish chestnut or Portuguese chestnut is a kind of tree. 

Originally these trees were native to the Mediterranean parts of Europe and Asia Minor. These trees can grow to sizes between 20 and 35m high. The trees are deciduous, they do not have leaves in winter.

The trees are usually grown for their edible fruit.

James S. Sherman

James Schoolcraft Sherman (October 24, 1855 – October 30, 1912) was the 27th vice president of the United States. He was in office from March 4, 1909 to October 30, 1912. Sherman was a member of the Republican Party, and served with President William Howard Taft. Before he became vice president, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York, serving from 1887 to 1891 and 1893 to 1909.

Sherman is the seventh, and the most recent, vice president to have died in office.


Rainer Küchl

Rainer Küchl is an Austrian musician. He plays the violin and is a music professor.

He started to play the violin at the age of 11. At the age of 14, he studied music at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna.

He became the concertmaster of the Vienna Philharmonic at the age of 20. In 1973 he founded the Küchl Quartett which is known as the Wiener Musikverein Quartett.


Wilson Allen Wallis

Wilson Allen Wallis (November 5, 1912 – October 12, 1998) was an American economist and statistician best known for serving as president of the University of Rochester. He studied at the University of Minnesota and finished his studies in 1932. He was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity.

From 1959 to 1989, he was the economic adviser to the U.S. presidents Dwight Eisenhower, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan.

March of the Penguins

March of the Penguins is a documentary about Emperor penguins. It won an Academy Award and was directed by Luc Jacquet. It was made in France.



Sindhi

Sindhi could mean:


Mangrio

Mangrio (Sindhi مݣڕیو, ) is A Sindhi Muslim Rajput tribe found in the Sindh, Punjab region of Pakistan and Rajasthan, Gujrat in India. Mangrio are Suryavanshi Rajputs. They are the Royal family of Jaisalmer, India.

In Sindh they are found mainly in Shikarpur, Hyderabad, Tharparkar, Sanghar.khipro , Umerkot, Mirpur Khas, Sukkur, Larkana, Raipur, Kandiaro , Karachi , Madeji and Khairpur districts. In Punjab they are mainly found in Rahimyar, Bahawalpur, Bahawalnagar and Muzaffar Garh. 

Mangrio people also live in Balochistan. In India they are found mainly in the Jaisalmer, Barmer, and Bikaner districts.

Hazrat Abdul Raheem Girhori, a Mangrio man, was a great scholar and Walee of his time. His tomb is located near the area of Mirpur Khas.

Enlightenment (Window Manager)

Enlightenment (also known simply as E), is a free software/open source window manager for the X Window System. It can be used alone or together with a desktop environment such as GNOME or KDE. Enlightenment is sometimes used as a replacement for a full desktop environment.

The first version of Enlightenment was released by Raster (Carsten Haitzler) on 1996-10-30.

Enlightenment has been under development for 10 years. Its latest stable release is E17. It always comes with a warning that it is in permanent "heavy development" and remains "not stable".



Buddhism in Pakistan

There are no significant Buddhist communities left in Pakistan.

A few Buddhists may still exist in Pakistani Kashmir and a significant community exists in Jammu and Kashmir to the east of the Line of Control. Mostly Ladakhi and ethnically related to Tibetans (plus a few Indo-Aryan Dards), a rough dividing line between Islamic culture and Buddhist culture can be drawn through Mulbekh and Shergol in the Indus valley (to the east of Kargil) and well to the west of Leh, the Nun Kun massif and Rangdum Buddhist monastery at the head of the Suru river valley (a tributary of the Indus) on the Indian Kashmiri side of the line of control.

The region that is today known as Pakistan once had a large Buddhist population, with the majority of people in Gandhara (present day North Western Pakistan and Eastern Afghanistan) being Buddhist. Gandhara was largely Mahayana Buddhist, and was also a stronghold of Vajrayana Buddhism. The Swat Valley, known in antiquity as Uddiyana, was a kingdom tributary to Gandhara. There are many archaeological sites from the Buddhist era in Swat.

The Buddhist sage Padmasambhava is said to have been born in a village near the present day town of Chakdara in Lower Dir District, which was then a part of Uddiyana. Padmasambhava is known as Guru Rinpoche in Tibetan and it is he who introduced Vajrayana Buddhism in Tibet.

Buddhism was also practiced in the Punjab and Sindh regions.

Most Buddhists in Punjab converted to Hinduism from 600 AD onwards. Buddhism was the faith practiced by the majority of the population of Sindh up to the Arab conquest by the Umayyad Caliphate in 710 AD. After the partition of Pakistan and India, the Buddhists fled to India, similar to other faiths like Hindus, Sikhs, and Christians in the Pakistan region.



Colleges and universities in Utah

This is a list of colleges and universities in Utah:



World Series of Poker

The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is a series of poker tournaments. The tournaments are held each year in Las Vegas, Since 2004, the tournaments have been sponsored by Caesars Entertainment. The WSOP started in 1970. Benny Binion invited seven of the best-known poker players to the Horseshoe Casino for a single tournament/ The winner was chosen by a secret ballot of the seven players.

As of 2020, there are 101 events in the WSOP. Most major poker variants are included. recently, most of the events have been variants of Texas hold 'em. Events take place during one day or over several days during June and July. Starting in 2008, the Main Event final table was not played until November. The 2012 and 2016 Main Event final tables were played in October because of the United States presidential election. As of May 2017, the World Series of Poker has gone back to the Main Event winner in being played in July. A hybrid online format was used in 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The World Series of Poker changed back to -person play when it started back on September 30, 2021, in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Colleges and universities in Washington

This is a list of colleges and universities in Washington:



Big 12 Conference

The Big 12 Conference is a college athletic conference that is part of the NCAA's Division I. It started when the Big 8 Conference joined together with four colleges from Texas that had been part of the Southwest Conference, and the first games in the Big 12 Conference were played in 1996.

Four schools will join the Big 12 in 2024. One of these is Colorado, a founding Big 12 member that left for the Pac-12 Conference in 2011.

The Big 12 also has 13 "associate members", all of which play one sport in the conference.
The Big 12 will add five more associate members in July 2024. One is returning after an absence of several years.

Four schools have left the Big 12 since it was formed. Missouri would return to the Big 12 in 2021 as a wrestling-only member, and Colorado will return in 2024 as a full member.

OpenDocument

OpenDocument Format (ODF) is a computer file format for word processors, presentation software and other computer programs. For example, OpenOffice.org and LibreOffice are programs that use ODF to save text, slideshows and spreadsheets. The format was created by Sun Microsystems for their StarOffice office suite.

The content of an ODF file are XML files that are inside a ZIP. By using ZIP compression, the files are much smaller.

The most common filename extensions used for OpenDocument documents are:

Pac-12 Conference

The Pac-12 Conference is a group of universities who play each other in football, basketball, and other sports. It has won more national championships than any other conference. 

In 2024, the conference will have just 2 members 

This is a list of colleges and universities who play sports in the Pac-12 Conference:

Big East Conference

The Big East Conference is a college sports conference in the United States which sponsors many sports, but does not play football. The league has its roots in the original Big East Conference, which was founded in 1979 as a basketball-focused league by a group of schools in the Eastern U.S. That league added football in 1991, leading to years of conflict between schools that played top-level football and those that did not. In July 2013, the original league split along football lines. The seven schools that did not play FBS (top-level) football—often called the "Catholic 7" because all are run by the Catholic Church—bought the "Big East" name and formed a new Big East. The FBS schools joined with several new members and stayed in the original Big East structure under the new name of American Athletic Conference (The American).

Although the current Big East was not founded until 2013, it claims the 1979 founding date of the original Big East. Both the current Big East and The American claim the pre-split history of the old Big East.

The 10 schools that formed the current Big East are private schools. All of these are also Catholic except for Butler, which was started by Protestants but has never been run by any church. UConn (Connecticut) became the Big East's first public school in July 2020.

The Big East has six "associate members" that play either one or two sports in the conference.

No full member of the Big East has left for another conference. However, eight associate members have left the Big East in one or more sports, with five entirely leaving the Big East.

Two schools that were associate members in the 2013–14 school year left to join conferences that play the sports that they housed in the Big East. Five women's lacrosse members left after the 2017–18 school year when the American Athletic Conference, full-time home to three of those schools, started a women's lacrosse league. Two of these schools, Temple and UConn, stayed in the Big East in field hockey, and UConn returned to the Big East full-time in July 2020. At the same time, Old Dominion moved its women's lacrosse team from the Big East to The American. This kept both conferences at six women's lacrosse members, the number needed to ensure that their conference champions would receive places in the NCAA Division I tournament. ODU is still a Big East member in field hockey.

Boston College

Boston College is a private university in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. It is also known for its sports teams.

Clemson University

Clemson University is a public university in Clemson, South Carolina. Clemson's athletics teams are called the Tigers.


Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University

Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (or Virginia Tech) is a public land-grant university in Blacksburg, Virginia. The campus was first opened in 1872 as a farming and mechanical college and covers 2,600 acres. It is also one of only a few public universities in the United States to have a corps of cadets.

The Virginia Tech massacre, which happened on the 16th of April 2007, was a tragedy in the history of the University. A student of the university named Cho Seung-Hui killed 32 people before killing himself. This became the worst school-related massacre in United States history.

University of Virginia

The University of Virginia is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. 

The buildings designed by Jefferson are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

It was founded by Thomas Jefferson. It was conceived by 1800 and established in 1819. 



North Carolina State University

North Carolina State University is a public university in Raleigh, North Carolina. It has about 31,000 students.
Many students who go to college here want to learn about math, science, technology, and agriculture, but they can also study other things, too.

The university was started in 1887. It was called the North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts.

Sports teams from North Carolina State University are called the Wolfpack. This is because, in 1921, somebody was angry at the university's football team. He thought that they acted like wolves.
They play mostly against other colleges in the Atlantic Coast Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.


University of Miami

"This is the university in Florida. For the university in Ohio, see Miami University."

The University of Miami is a private university in Coral Gables, Florida. Some people call the university "Miami of Florida," or "UM."


Nagios

Nagios () is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring application software. It watches hosts and services which the owner specifies, alerting the owner when things go bad and again when they get better.

Nagios, originally created under the name NetSaint , was written and is currently maintained by Ethan Galstad, along with a group of developers actively maintaining both official and unofficial plugins.

Nagios was originally designed to run under Linux, but also runs well on other Unix variants.

Nagios is free software licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation.


Egyptian Arabic

The modern Egyptian language ("Marī" مصري) is a group of dialects of the Arabic language, one of the Semitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family. 

It came from the people living in the Nile Delta in Lower Egypt around the capital Cairo. It originates from the spoken Arabic brought to Egypt during the AD 7th-century The Arab occupation of the Middle East and North Africa.

Egyptian Arabic was formed also of Copto-Egyptian language of pre-Islamic Egypt, and other languages such as Italian and French. Egyptian Arabic is officially recognized as the national language of the Egyptian government. More than 76 million people in Egypt speak Egyptian Arabic. Also, many people in the Middle East can understand it.

Wenedyk

Wenedyk (in English: Venedic) is a made-up language. Jan van Steenbergen, a linguist and translator from the Netherlands, made it in 2002. The idea behind it is this: what would have happened if the Polish language had developed from Latin instead of Old Slavic? Wenedyk is a possible answer to that question. It is a Romance language, so almost all words are family of words in French, Italian, Romanian, and so on. But they look very different and much more like Polish. The rules for spelling and pronunciation are completely based on Polish. Other parts of the language, like grammar and sentence structure, are a mixture of Polish and Romance.

Together with other made-up languages like Brithenig (which does the same thing with Welsh), Wenedyk is part of the group of so-called "alternative languages", languages that could have existed if history had been different. With Brithenig, it is the best known example of this sort of languages. Wenedyk became known in Poland after it was written about on the Internet and in the monthly paper "Wiedza i Życie" ("Knowledge and Life").

Wenedyk is used in Ill Bethisad, a made-up world in which the Roman Empire was stronger than in real history. It is the most important language of the Republic of the Two Crowns, a country similar to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, but not broken up by partitions like Poland was.

Wenedyk uses the same letters as Polish does:

Also, there are seven sounds written by two letters:

Wenedyk is pronounced just like Polish. Stress almost always falls on the second-last syllable. A preposition and a pronoun are treated as one word, so when the pronoun has only one syllable, the preposition is stressed.

Wenedyk does not have articles, words like "a" and "the". This is an important difference with the other Romance languages and also with made-up languages like Esperanto and Ido. The reason is that Polish and most other Slavic languages do not have those words, and even in Vulgar Latin they were not so strong yet.

Words in Wenedyk can have many forms. English words have only a few (cat, cat's, cats; work, working, works, worked), but in Wenedyk a lot of forms exist where English would have used other words, like prepositions or modal verbs. In the case of nouns, pronouns and adjectives these forms are called "cases". Wenedyk has three cases:
Wenedyk also has a "vocative" (used for calling someone). Often it has the same form as the direct case, but not always: O potrze! "Oh father!"

There are three genders and four declensions (different ways of making forms). They are very much like the declensions in Latin:

Here is a chart of the pronouns (words like I, you, we, they, and so on) in Wenedyk:

Verbs have a lot of forms, too. Every pronoun has its own form:

Most tenses have special forms:

The word list of Wenedyk, made public on the internet, has more than 4000 words. This chart of 30 words shows what Wenedyk looks like when compared to other Romance languages:

The Lord's Prayer:



Brithenig

Brithenig is constructed language that was made up by Andrew Smith from New Zealand in 1996. The idea behind it is the question what the Welsh language would have looked like if it had been a Romance instead of a Celtic language: a sister language to French, Spanish and Italian, but one that looks much like Welsh. It plays a key-role in the made-up world of Ill Bethisad, where Latin took the place of Old Celtic as the spoken language of the people in Great Britain, thus giving way to the development of Brithenig.

Brithenig is the best known example of the so-called group of "alternative languages", languages that could have existed if history had been different. Another well-known example is Wenedyk, which does the same with Polish as Brithenig does with Welsh.

The following list of 30 words shows what Brithenig looks like compared to a few other Romance languages:

The Lord's Prayer:


EastLink (Melbourne)

EastLink is a tollway (meaning people have to pay to drive on it) in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It was opened on June 28, 2008. It links the Frankston Freeway to the Eastern Freeway, and includes two tunnels, the Mullum Mullum tunnel and the Melba tunnel.

The interchange with the Monash Freeway, the largest in Victoria, is known as the Tom Wills interchange. This was announced on February 27, 2008. This particular interchange was chosen because it was within a short distance from Waverely Park, and the home of the Hawthorn Football Club.

Tolls are paid by either a bill sent in the mail, buying a pass from a shop or creating an account and using an electronic Breeze tag or another tollways type of electronic tag in the car to keep track of tolls. The cost of the tolls is charged against the owner's account.

Transport for London

Transport for London (TfL) is an organisation that runs the public transport network in London. It is held with direct responsibility to the mayor of London.

Historically, bus routes were grouped by the type of service that they provided.

The 1924 London Traffic Act used the Bassom Scheme. It was named after A.E. Bassom of the Metropolitan Police who made it. Changing and short lines used letter suffixes. Also, the numbers were grouped by the company that operated the route.

The numbering was changed in 1934 after London Transport was formed.

"*Except 607, which is a normal daytime route"


Jules Joseph Lefebvre

Jules Joseph Lefebvre (Tournan-en-Brie, March 14, 1836 – Paris, February 24, 1911) was a French figure painter. 

Lefebvre went to the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in 1852. He was a pupil of Léon Cogniet. He won the prestigious Prix de Rome in 1861. Between 1855 and 1898, he exhibited 72 portraits in the Paris Salon. In 1891, he became a member of the French Académie des Beaux-Arts.

He was a teacher at the Académie Julian in Paris. One of his famous students was the Scottish born landscape painter William Hart. Georges Rochegrosse, Félix Vallotton, the Americans Childe Hassam, John Henry Twachtman, John Noble Barlow, Augustus Kenderdine, and Charles A. Platt were also his pupils. He was a professor at the École des Beaux-Arts for a long time.

His paintings are usually single figures of beautiful women.

Among his best portraits were those of M. L. Reynaud and the Prince Imperial (1874). Among his many decorations were a first-class medal at the Paris Exhibition of 1878 and the medal of honor in 1886. He was a Commander of the Legion of Honor and a member of the Institut de France.

Louisiana State University and A&amp;M College

The Louisiana State University and A&M College is a public university in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; it belongs to the Louisiana State University System of higher education as a land-grant and sea-grant institution. Colloquially, most people call the university "Louisiana State University" or "LSU". In sports competitions, "LSU" is almost always associated with Louisiana State University and A&M College or the LSU Athletics Department.


University of Kansas

The University of Kansas is a public university in Lawrence, a hilly city in northeastern Kansas. It is often abbreviated as "KU".
KU held its first classes in 1866. As of Spring 2011, over 30,000 students attended school there.

There was a plan to build a university in Kansas in 1855, but it didn't happen until Kansas became a state in 1861. The Kansas government needed to decide where to build the university. Their choices were Manhattan, Emporia, or Lawrence. On January 13, 1863, Kansas State University was built in Manhattan. The only cities left were Emporia and Lawrence. Amos A. Lawrence gave $10,000 and more than 40 acres (160,000 m) of land for a university in Lawrence. The Kansas government liked that, so the government chose Lawrence.

On February 20, 1863, Kansas Governor Thomas Carney signed into law a bill creating the state university in Lawrence. The law was made if Lawrence gave a gift of a $15,000 endowment fund and a place for the university. The place would need to be in or near the town, of not less than forty acres (16 ha) of land.

On November 2, 1863, Governor Carney said Lawrence had met the conditions to get the state university. In 1864, the university was officially organized.

The university opened for classes on September 12, 1866, and the first class graduated in 1873.

The University of Kansas School of Business is a public business school on the main campus in Lawrence. The KU School of Business was created in 1924. It has more than 80 staff members, and it has about 1500 students.

It was named one of the best business schools in the Midwest by "Princeton Review". The KU School of Business has been credited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) for its undergraduate and graduate programs in business and accounting.
The University of Kansas School of Law was created in 1878. It was the top law school in the state of Kansas. The 2016 "U.S. News & World Report" "U.S. News Best Colleges Rankings" says that it was the 65th best law school in the United States. Classes are held in Green Hall at W 15th St and Burdick Dr, which is named after former dean James Green.

The KU School of Engineering is a public engineering school on the main campus in Lawrence. The School of Engineering was officially created in 1891, although engineering degrees were awarded as early as 1873.

The "U.S. News & World Report"'s "America’s Best Colleges" 2016 issue says that KU's School of Engineering was the 90th best engineering school in the United States.

Famous alumni include: Alan Mulally (BS/MS), former President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, Lou Montulli, co-founder of Netscape and author of the Lynx web browser, Brian McClendon (BSEE 1986), VP of Engineering at Google, and Charles E. Spahr (1934), former CEO of Standard Oil of Ohio.

The KU Edwards Campus is in Overland Park, Kansas. It was created in 1993. It was created in order to provide adults with a chance to get college degrees and to get better education. About 2,000 students go there. The average age of the students is 31. The Edwards campus provides programs developmental psychology, public administration, social work, systems analysis, engineering management and design.
Students enrolled in 6 or more credit hours paid a yearly required campus fee of $888. The schools of architecture, music, arts, business, education, engineering, journalism, law, pharmacy, and social welfare charge more fees.

, the yearly tuition for 30 credit hours for a freshman is estimated by the university to be $10,182. This does not include room and board costs.

Kansas' athletics teams are called the Jayhawks. Kansas has 16 varsity teams, all of which compete in the Big 12 Conference. They are known for their men's basketball team, which most recently won a national championship in 2008.

The KU Medical Center, which is one branch of the University of Kansas, is located in Kansas City, Kansas, which is east of Lawrence. Another branch of KU, called the Edwards Campus, is located in Overland Park, Kansas.

The University of Kansas has had more teams (70) compete in the National Debate Tournament than any other university. Kansas has won the tournament 6 times (1954, 1970, 1976, 1983, 2009 and 2018)
The University of Kansas's newspaper is "The University Daily Kansan".

Kansas Jayhawks

The Kansas Jayhawks, commonly referred to as KU, are the athletic teams that represent the University of Kansas. KU is one of three schools in the state of Kansas that are in the NCAA Division I. The Jayhawks are also a part of the Big 12 Conference. KU athletic teams have won eleven NCAA Division I championships: three in men's basketball, one in men's cross country, three in men's indoor track and field, three in men's outdoor track and field, and one in women's outdoor track and field.

The name "Jayhawks" comes from the Kansas Jayhawker freedom fighter and anti-slavery movement during the Bleeding Kansas era of the American Civil War.

The University of Kansas officially has 16 sports: 6 men's and 8 women's. There are also club-level sports for rugby, ice hockey, and men's volleyball. The school used to have a wrestling team, though the sport was stopped during the 1960s.

KU began playing football in 1890. The Jayhawks have been to the Orange Bowl in 1948, 1969 and 2008, winning in 2008. The team plays in Memorial Stadium (capacity 50,071). It the seventh oldest college football stadium in the United States. It opened in 1921.

The Jayhawks softball team has appeared in seven Women's College World Series, in 1973, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1979 and 1992.

University of Pennsylvania

The University of Pennsylvania is a private Ivy League university in West Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Many people call the university "Penn." It contains four undergraduate schools, which are for students without a college degree. These schools are nursing, arts and sciences, engineering, and Wharton, which is a famous business school. It had graduate schools-for those with a college degree- in medicine, business, law, dentistry, veterinary medicine, nursing, education, communication, design, and social policy. Their competitive teams are known as the Quakers. 

45th President of the United States Donald Trump graduated here with a Bachelor of Science.

Western Athletic Conference

The Western Athletic Conference (WAC) is a group of colleges and universities, mostly in the Western United States, that play NCAA Division I sports against one another each season.

The WAC currently has 10 member schools:

Its future is now in serious question due to a wave of departures set for July 2013.

The WAC was formed in 1962 by six western schools—the University of Arizona, Arizona State University, Brigham Young University (BYU), the University of New Mexico, the University of Utah, and the University of Wyoming. Three other schools, the University of Oregon, Oregon State University, and Washington State University, were part of the original discussions, but chose to join what is now the Pacific-12 Conference. New Mexico State and Utah State applied for charter membership, but were turned down, and would not join until 2005.

The WAC grew to eight members in 1967, when Colorado State University and the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) joined. However, in the 1970s, massive population growth in Arizona led to the two Arizona schools dominating the conference, especially in football. Arizona and Arizona State left for the Pacific-8 Conference in 1978, which then became the Pacific-10 (now the Pacific-12). The WAC reloaded by adding San Diego State University in 1978, the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa (Hawaiʻi) in 1979, and the United States Air Force Academy (Air Force) in 1980. This nine-team lineup defined the WAC for the next 15 years.

In 1990, the WAC added women's sports when it absorbed the High Country Athletic Conference, a women's sports conference that included most of the schools then in the WAC. Two years later, California State University, Fresno (Fresno State) joined the WAC. Several years later, the demise of the Southwest Conference (SWC) led to many schools changing conferences. In 1996, six schools joined the WAC. Three of them—Rice University, Southern Methodist University (SMU), and Texas Christian University (TCU)—were from the SWC. The others were San Jose State and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV), both from the Big West Conference, and the University of Tulsa from the Missouri Valley Conference. At the same time, Air Force and Hawaiʻi brought their women's sports into the WAC. These moves meant that the WAC now had 16 members.

Most of the pre-1990 members were soon unhappy in a 16-team league. The conference now ranged from Hawaii to Oklahoma, spanning five time zones and , making travel costs a major concern. In 1999, the conference split largely along pre-1990 and post-1990 lines. Seven of the pre-1990 members—Air Force, BYU, Colorado State, New Mexico, San Diego State, Utah, and Wyoming—joined with newcomer UNLV to form the Mountain West Conference (MW).

The post-breakup WAC quickly added a new member in the University of Nevada, Reno (Nevada), which joined from the Big West in 2000. Later that year, the Big West announced that it would no longer play football. Four of that conference's schools—Boise State University, the University of Idaho, New Mexico State University, and Utah State University—wanted to keep playing football. Boise State was immediately accepted by the WAC, joining in 2001. Louisiana Tech University also joined the WAC alongside Boise State. The three other Big West football schools did not join the WAC at that time.

Later in the 2000s, the WAC was affected by another wave of conference realignment. After the Big East Conference lost three of its members to the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in 2004 and 2005, it reloaded by "raiding" Conference USA (C-USA). In turn, C-USA sought new members from other conferences, and four WAC schools—Rice, SMU, TCU, and Tulsa—accepted invitations to join C-USA in 2005. The WAC responded by adding the three other schools that had played Big West football (Idaho, New Mexico State, and Utah State).

Another major cycle of conference realignment began in 2010 when the Big Ten Conference and the then-Pacific-10 announced plans to expand. This started a chain of moves that affected all eleven conferences that play football in the top-level Division I FBS. No conference was more affected than the WAC, whose future as a Division I conference is now in serious doubt.

The first move affecting the WAC came in June 2010. After the MW lost Utah to the Pacific-12, Boise State accepted an invitation to join the MW in 2011. Two months later, BYU also left the MW, which responded by inviting two WAC members, Fresno State and Nevada. Both accepted, and would leave for the MW in 2012.

In November 2010, Denver, Texas State, and UTSA were invited to join the WAC in 2012, with all accepting. In the same month, Hawaiʻi announced it would leave the WAC in 2012 to join the Big West for most sports and the MW for football. The summer of 2011 saw two other schools accept invitations to join in 2012—Seattle and UT Arlington. These moves meant that for the first time in WAC history, the conference would have non-football members, as Denver, Seattle, and UT Arlington do not have football teams. One month later, Boise State announced that it would rejoin the WAC for most of its sports in 2013, with its football team moving to the Big East.

However, the WAC suffered major blows in spring 2012, with five members stating they would leave in July 2013. Three of the new 2012 members will spend only one year in the WAC—UTSA will join C-USA, and Texas State and UT Arlington will move to the Sun Belt Conference. Louisiana Tech will also join C-USA, while San Jose State and Utah State will join the MW. Making matters worse for the WAC, Boise State decided not to join the WAC in 2013, instead choosing to put its non-football sports in the Big West.

These moves will leave the WAC with four members in 2013—fewer than the six required by the NCAA for full Division I membership.

Wilhelm Wundt

Wilhelm Maximilian Wundt (August 16 1832– August 31 1920) was a German medical doctor, psychologist, physiologist, and professor. Together with William James, he is regarded as the father of psychology. In 1879, Wundt founded the one of first formal laboratory for psychological research at the University of Leipzig, and the first journal for psychological research in 1881.

Bean machine

The bean machine, also known as the quincunx or Galton box, is a machine invented by Sir Francis Galton to demonstrate the law of error and the normal distribution.

The machine consists of a vertical board with interleaved rows of pins. Balls are dropped from the top, and bounce left and right as they hit the pins. Eventually, they are collected into one-ball-wide bins at the bottom. The height of ball columns in the bins approximates a bell curve.

Overlaying Pascal's triangle onto the pins shows the number of different paths that can be taken to get to each pin. 

A large-scale working model of this device can be seen at the Museum of Science, Boston.

Regression analysis

Regression analysis is a field of statistics. It is a tool to show the relationship between the inputs and the outputs of a system. Regression analysis is often used for prediction of trends. It is also used for studying whether one thing causes another. 

The first type of regression analysis was linear regression. The method of least squares was first published by Legendre in 1805 and in 1809 by Gauss. Both used the method to predict the movement of planets around the sun. Gauss published an improved method in 1821. 

Forensic science

Forensic science (or forensics) is when science works to answer questions a lawyer might ask. 

Most often, forensics is about proving that someone was present at a place where a crime was committed. Specialists take "samples" which are later analyzed in a laboratory. Most forensic tests can take from 1 hour to one year, and investigators need to double (and triple) check the answer, so they know that the answer is the right answer. If a forensics team made a mistake the wrong person could be jailed, or they could get into trouble themselves.

Samples commonly taken include fingerprints. People also look for other things that could be used, for example a few hairs (or pieces of skin) and autopsy if dead. Samples like hair or skin can be use for DNA testing, which allows to tell the gender of the person the hair is from, amongst others. 

When someone is accused of committing the crime, these pieces of evidence can then be matched up. Then, if they are correct, the person is charged.


Fingerprint

A fingerprint is a trace of a human finger left on a surface. Human fingers have small structures on them (like mountains and valleys). These structures are unique in every human; they can be used as means of identification.

There are many different ways to take fingerprints. Forensic scientists use these techniques to identify a person.

Electronic fingerprint scanners became widespread in the early 21st century.


Physical cosmology

Physical cosmology is a branch of astronomy. It looks at large structures in the universe. It wants to explain how the universe came to be what it is today by using axioms of our current astronomy knowledge.

Ronald Fisher

Sir Ronald Aylmer Fisher FRS (17 February 1890 – 29 July 1962) was an English statistician, evolutionary biologist, and geneticist. He was described as "a genius who almost single-handedly created the foundations for modern statistical science". Richard Dawkins described him as "the greatest of Darwin's successors".

In 1915, he invented the infinitesimal model. This is also known as the polygenic model. It is named this because it says traits are influenced by many genes. He defined the term "variance" for the first time in his paper, published in 1918.

In 1919 Fisher started work at Rothamsted Experimental Station at Harpenden, Hertfordshire. Here he started a major study of the extensive collections of data recorded over many years. This resulted in a series of reports under the general title "Studies in crop variation." 

This began a period of great productivity. Over the next seven years, he pioneered the principles of the design of experiments and elaborated his studies of the analysis of variance. He studied the statistics of small samples. Perhaps even more important, he began his systematic approach of the analysis of real data as the springboard for the development of new statistical methods.

He began to pay particular attention to the labour involved in the necessary computations, and developed practical methods. In 1925, his first book was published: "Statistical methods for research workers". This went into many editions and translations in later years, and became a standard reference work for scientists in many disciplines. In 1935, this was followed by "The design of experiments," which also became a standard.

His work on the theory of population genetics made him one of the three great figures of that field, together with Sewall Wright and J.B.S. Haldane. He was one of the founders of the neo-Darwinian modern evolutionary synthesis. In addition to founding modern quantitative genetics with his 1918 paper, he was the first to use diffusion equations to attempt to calculate the distribution of gene frequencies among populations.

He pioneered the estimation of genetic linkage and gene frequencies by maximum likelihood methods. His 1950 paper on gene frequency clines is notable as the first application of a computer to biology.

Fisher had a long and successful collaboration with E.B. Ford in the field of ecological genetics. The outcome of this work was the recognition that the force of natural selection was often much stronger than had been appreciated. Many ecogenetic situations (such as polymorphism) were not selectively neutral, on the contrary, they were maintained by the force of selection.

Fisher was the original author of the idea of heterozygote advantage, which was later found to play a frequent role in genetic polymorphism. The discovery of indisputable cases of natural selection in nature was one of the main strands in the modern evolutionary synthesis.

Fisher was an ardent promoter of eugenics, and he held the Chair in Eugenics at University College London from 1933 until he moved to Cambridge University as Professor of Genetics in 1943.

Between 1929 and 1934 the Eugenics Society campaigned hard for a law permitting sterilisation on eugenic grounds. They believed that it should be entirely voluntary, and a right, not a punishment. They published a draft of a proposed bill, and it was submitted to Parliament. Although it was defeated by a 2:1 ratio, this was viewed as progress, and the campaign continued. Fisher played a major role in this movement, and served in several official committees to promote it.

In 1934, Fisher moved to increase the power of scientists within the Eugenics Society, but was ultimately thwarted by members with an environmentalist point of view, and he, along with many other scientists, resigned.

Fisher wrote three books of great significance.

His book "The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection" was started in 1928 and published in 1930, with a second edition in 1950. He developed ideas on sexual selection, mimicry and the evolution of dominance. He showed that the probability of a mutation increasing the fitness of an organism decreases proportionately with the magnitude of the mutation. He also proved that larger populations carry more variation and have a larger chance of survival. He set forth the foundations of what was to become known as population genetics.

About a third of the book concerned the applications of these ideas to humans, and presented the data available at that time. He presented a theory that attributed the decline and fall of civilizations to the fertility of the upper classes being low. Using the census data of 1911 for Britain, he showed that there was an inverse relationship between fertility and social class. This was partly due, he believed, to the rise in social status of families who were not capable of producing many children but who rose because of the financial advantage of having a small number of children.

Therefore he proposed the abolishment of the economic advantage of small families by instituting subsidies (he called them allowances) to families with larger numbers of children, with the allowances proportional to the earnings of the father. He himself had two sons and six daughters. According to Yates and Mather, "His large family, reared in conditions of great financial stringency, was a personal expression of his genetic and evolutionary convictions".

The book was reviewed, among others, by physicist Charles Galton Darwin, a grandson of Charles Darwin's. After his review, C.G. Darwin sent Fisher his copy of the book, with notes in the margin. The marginal notes became the food for an exchange of letters running at least three years. Fisher's book also had a major influence on W.D. Hamilton and the development of his theories on the genetic basis for kin selection.

"Statistical Methods for Research Workers" () is a classic 1925 book on statistics by Fisher. It is one of the 20th century's most influential books on statistical methods. According to Conniffe,

Ronald A. Fisher was "interested in application and in the popularization of statistical methods... his early book "Statistical Methods for Research Workers", published in 1925, went through many editions and influenced the practical use of statistics in many fields of study.

Fisher's "Design of Experiments" (1935) was "also fundamental, [and promoted] statistical technique and application... The mathematical justification of the methods was not stressed and proofs were often barely sketched or omitted altogether ... [This] led H.B. Mann to fill the gaps with a rigorous mathematical treatment in his treatise".

Urla

Urla is a seaside town in the İzmir Province in Turkey.

Monash Freeway

The Monash Freeway is a major freeway in Melbourne. It lets cars drive from the CBD to the south-eastern suburbs.

The Art of War

The Art of War () is an ancient Chinese military text that was written by Sun Tzu, a high-ranking military general, strategist, and Taoist philosopher over 2,500 years ago. The text contains 13 chapters, each of which covers an of warfare.

It is one of the earliest books on Chinese warfare. It remains one of the best known and most influential books ever written. The book was widely copied in the ancient world. At first, it was written on bamboo slats that were sewn together. It was read by politicians, scholars and military leaders. 

Translations of the book were first read in Japan and Korea. The oldest copy from Japan dates to the 8th century. It was translated into French in 1772 by a Jesuit named Jean Joseph Marie Amiot. The first translation into English was published by Lionel Giles in 1910. "The Art of War" was first translated into Russian in 1950. The Russians' knowledge of French culture makes it probable that they had copies in French much earlier.

The book is used today by business schools and militaries worldwide.

When Sun Tzu first wrote "The Art of War", it was not the first book on military tactics. He quotes from "The Book of Military Administration" by Chun Cheng. The quote is limited to the use of signal flags and drums to move soldiers. Chun's book has not survived and so little is known of what else was in it. However, books of the time were based on rules of warfare that all sides followed. War was the sport of rich noblemen. The rules were based on chivalry.

Sun Tzu refused to see war as a sport. He used Taoist principles and applied them to warfare. In doing this he changed the rules of war. Unlike generals who enjoyed long campaigns, he understood that war is serious. Sun Tzu believed that once a war started, the goal was to defeat the enemy. Sun Tzu was unconventional in that he did not follow the prevailing wisdom of his time. Other generals were simply unprepared for Sun Tzu's tactics. Sun Tzu mastered the art of being unpredictable in warfare.

In situations where a smaller weaker force is faced with a stronger larger force, Sun Tzu's tactics are very often successful. David and Goliath is a Biblical story of a weaker shepherd boy facing a giant who is a skilled warrior. David uses an unconventional weapon and slays Goliath. David refused to fight by Goliath's rules. The political scientist Ivan Arreguín-Toft did calculations on wars. He discovered that about a third of the time the weaker country actually wins.

"The Art of War" is credited by Mao Zedong as having helped him defeat Chiang Kai-Shek during the Chinese Civil War. Ho Chi Minh was a fan of Sun Tzu. He led communist North Vietnam in their fight against American-backed South Vietnam. American Generals Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr. and Colin Powell followed Sun Tzu's princples during the Gulf War.


Princes Freeway

The Princes Freeway is a freeway in Victoria, Australia. It links Geelong, Victoria to Traralgon, Victoria, via Melbourne, Victoria.

Conference USA

Conference USA, officially abbreviated CUSA, is a group of college sports teams that play each other on the NCAA Division I level. It was formed in 1995 when the Great Midwest Conference and Metro Conference merged, and has added several members since then. Most of the new members have come from either the Western Athletic Conference or the Sun Belt Conference (SBC). From 2005 to 2014, it also lost many members, mostly to the original Big East Conference and its football-playing offshoot, the American Athletic Conference (The American). In a later wave of conference changes in the early 2020s, CUSA lost three members to the SBC in 2022 and six to The American in 2023. CUSA responded to these later moves by adding six new members, with four joining in July 2023, one to join in July 2024, and one to join in July 2025.

The conference sends several teams to bowl games every year, including the Liberty Bowl and New Orleans Bowl.

Memphis (now a member of The American) has been the most successful men's basketball team in the conference, reaching the national championship game in 2008. (However, the NCAA later took Memphis's wins from that season away because a Memphis player, namely Derrick Rose, had not been eligible to play.)

Conference USA now has 9 "full members" which play most of their sports in the league; Liberty (which joined in 2023) is the only private school. Future member Delaware (joining in 2025) is defined as a "privately governed, state-supported" school.

Before 2022, the schools were split into East and West Divisions for some sports, most notably football; this allowed the football division winners to play a conference championship game. The divisional split ended with the loss of three members to the SBC. The football championship game now features the top two teams in the conference standings.

CUSA will add one member in both 2024 and 2025.

CUSA now has 12 "associate members"—schools that are full members of another conference who play select sports in CUSA. One plays baseball, five play women's beach volleyball, five others compete in bowling (which the NCAA runs only for women), and one competes in both beach volleyball and bowling. Most of these schools became associate members in 2023, when CUSA expanded its beach volleyball membership and added bowling as a sponsored sport. CUSA added bowling by absorbing the Southland Bowling League, a single-sport conference founded by, but separate from, the all-sports Southland Conference.

Conference USA will add another associate member in July 2024.

No fewer than 23 schools have left CUSA since it was founded. Of these schools, 12 are now members of the American Athletic Conference, and three others had been in The American before joining the Big 12 Conference in 2023.

In addition to the former full members, 21 other schools have been associate members in the past, but have moved their CUSA sports elsewhere. Most notably, the United States Military Academy, more often called "Army" in a sports context, was a football member from 1996 to 2005 (final CUSA season in 2004).


Sewall Wright

Sewall Green Wright (21 December 1889 – 3 March 1988) was an American geneticist. He was a founder of population genetics, and contributed to evolutionary theory. He also did original work in statistics in a field called path analysis. 

With R.A. Fisher and J.B.S. Haldane, he was a founder of theoretical population genetics. He is the discoverer of the inbreeding coefficient and of methods of computing it in pedigrees. He extended this work to populations, calculating the degree of inbreeding of members of populations as a result of random genetic drift. Together with Fisher, he pioneered methods for calculating the distribution of gene frequencies among populations as a result of the interaction of natural selection, mutation, migration and genetic drift. The work of Fisher, Wright, and Haldane on theoretical population genetics was a major step in the development of the modern evolutionary synthesis of genetics with evolution. Wright also made contributions to mammalian genetics and biochemical genetics.

What appears to happen in evolution is that the rate of change in any organism varies a lot. There seem to be times when change is rapid, and times when almost no change occurs. 
Wright tried to explain "stasis", which is when no visible change occurs. His explanation was that organisms come to occupy "adaptive peaks". In order to evolve to another, higher peak, the species would first have to pass through a valley of maladaptive intermediate stages. In other words, they get stuck on one peak, and can't get to another because getting there would make them less competitive.

Wright though getting to another peak might be possible. It might happen by genetic drift if the population is small enough. If a species was divided into small populations, some could find higher peaks. If there was some gene flow between the populations, these adaptations could spread to the rest of the species. This was Wright's "shifting balance theory" of evolution. There has been much skepticism among evolutionary biologists as to whether this happens in natural populations. Wright had a long standing and sometimes bitter debate about this with R.A. Fisher, who felt that most populations in nature were too large for the effects of genetic drift to be important. Research by Dobzhansky and E.B. Ford showed that natural selection in the field was a much stronger force that Wright had expected. Wright's own biographer now doubts the validity of Wright's idea.

An anecdote about Wright, disclaimed by Wright himself, describes a lecture during which Wright tucked an unruly guinea pig under his armpit, where he usually held a chalkboard eraser: at the end of the lecture, Wright absent-mindedly erased the blackboard with the guinea pig.


Tartan

Tartan is a pattern that has criss-crossed horizontal and vertical bands in many different colors.



Jeff Tesreau

Charles Monroe "Jeff" Tesreau (March 5, 1888 - October 24, 1946) was an American baseball player. Tesreau signed with a Minor League Baseball team of the St. Louis Browns in 1909. In 1910, his contract was bought by the New York Giants where he played Major League Baseball with.


Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth

"Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth" plays differently from the other games. The games in the "Ace Attorney" series are courtroom dramas, but "Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth" focuses on pointing and clicking around the area, moving Edgeworth around the crime scenes to find evidence.

When it was being developed, it was called "NEW Gyakuten NOT Saiban" because it used the same setting and characters, but different gameplay. It is being directed by Tsuyoshi Yamazaki instead of Shu Takumi, who directed the other games were. By April 2008, they said that the game was 40% complete.


Sun Belt Conference

The Sun Belt Conference (SBC) is a group of college sports teams that play each other on the NCAA Division I level. The conference was formed in 1976, and started playing football in 2001. All 14 full members (those playing most of their sports in the league) play football in the top-level Division I FBS. The conference's full members are scattered through the southern United States.

At different times, the SBC has had "associate members" that play only a few sports, usually one, in the league. As of the 2023–24 school year, it has eight associate members. Four are in men's soccer, a sport that the SBC resumed playing after a one-year absence, and the others are in beach volleyball, a women's sport added for 2022–23.

Most associate members in league history no longer compete in the SBC. The first school to abandon single-sport membership was Utah State, which played Sun Belt football in 2003 and 2004 before joining the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) in 2005. The Aggies have been members of the Mountain West Conference since 2013.

Idaho and New Mexico State were involved in the league at two different times. New Mexico State first joined the Sun Belt as a full member in 2000, and brought its football team into the Sun Belt the next year. Also in 2001, Idaho joined only for football. Both left in 2005 to join the WAC. During the early 2010s, NCAA Division I went through a major phase of conference changes, with most leagues gaining or losing multiple members. The WAC was one of the most affected conferences, going through a nearly complete membership turnover that left Idaho and New Mexico State as the league's only football schools. In 2014, both placed their football programs in the Sun Belt. The conference announced in 2016 that its agreements for Idaho and New Mexico State to play football in the league would not be renewed when they ended after the 2017 season.

NJIT (the New Jersey Institute of Technology) was another victim of this realignment; it was forced to become an independent (not in a conference) when its former league, the Great West Conference, collapsed. Its men's soccer team joined the Sun Belt in 2014, a year before the school found a home in the ASUN Conference. Although the ASUN sponsors men's soccer, NJIT kept that team in the Sun Belt until 2016, honoring its two-year contract to play in that league.

Another recent change involved Hartwick, which had long competed in Division I men's soccer despite otherwise being in NCAA Division III. In 2018, Hartwick aligned completely with Division III, moving its men's soccer team to its full-time home of the Empire 8.

A more recent change came in 2021, when the Sun Belt shut down its men's soccer league after it dropped below the number of members needed to keep the automatic berth its champion received in the NCAA tournament. However, conference realignment would lead to the return of men's soccer after a single season.

Of the four schools that were announced as new members in 2021, three sponsor men's soccer—James Madison, Marshall, and Old Dominion. All were originally intended to join the SBC in 2023. With current members Coastal Carolina, Georgia Southern, and Georgia State also fielding men's soccer teams, the SBC announced it would reinstate men's soccer in 2023. However, the return of men's soccer would be moved forward to 2022 after the expansion plan changed. The revived SBC men's soccer league started with Kentucky, South Carolina, and West Virginia as single-sport members. SBC men's soccer added another member in 2023 with the arrival of UCF, which left the American Athletic Conference (which runs a men's soccer league) for the Big 12 Conference (which does not). UCF's move united its men's soccer team with that of West Virginia, the only other current Big 12 member with a men's soccer team. 

The SBC added beach volleyball for the 2022–23 school year with eight members, with full members Coastal Carolina, Georgia State, Southern Miss, and ULM joined by four affiliates.

Mountain West Conference

The Mountain West Conference (abbreviated as either "MW" or "MWC") is a group of colleges and universities in the Western United States, who play NCAA Division I sports against one another. In football, the MW plays in the top-level Division I FBS.

The league was formed in 1999 when eight schools split from the Western Athletic Conference (WAC). Most of the original members had been members of the WAC before it grew from 10 schools to 16 in 1996.

Due to a major realignment of Division I conferences, the MW and Conference USA announced plans to merge into one conference, possibly for the 2013–14 school year. However, because of money issues, the conferences backed away from a full merger. They planned to form an alliance for scheduling and television purposes. After both conferences added more schools, they backed out of the planned alliance. 

Eleven schools are "full members", meaning that they play almost all of their sports in the MW.

Two schools are "associate members", meaning that they play in the MW in some sports while playing most other sports in another league. Both schools play only one sport in the MW.

Two of the MW's first members, plus one school that joined later, are no longer in the conference.
The MountainWest Sports Network was an American college sports television channel. It was dedicated to the Mountain West Conference, including studio programs following the conference, live events, and documentary-style programs profiling the conference's members. It was launched on September 1, 2006. The channel shut down on May 31, 2012.

Super Punch-Out!! (Super NES)

Mid-American Conference

The Mid-American Conference (MAC) is a college sports conference whose full members are located in the Great Lakes region of the United States. It sponsors 11 men's sports and 12 women's sports at the NCAA Division I level. In football, the MAC is one of 10 conferences that play in the top-level Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS).

The MAC was founded in 1946 by five schools in Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio, but only one of the founding members, Ohio University, is still in the conference. All but two of its current full members are in those three states.


Currently, the MAC has 12 full members, all public schools, each of which competes in at least 15 MAC sports. Every member of the conference competes in football, baseball, men's and women's basketball, and the following women's sports: cross country, soccer, softball, indoor and outdoor track and field, and volleyball. In many sports, the conference is split into East and West Divisions.

The MAC has 21 "associate members" that each play only one sport in the conference. One of these schools will leave the MAC for another conference in July 2022.

A major recent change in associate membership happened in 2019 when the MAC absorbed the Eastern Wrestling League, a single-sport conference that had existed since 1975. All seven of the EWL's final members thus became MAC associates.

A more recent change to associate membership took place on July 1, 2020 when the MAC added three members in the new conference sport of women's lacrosse, along with one former wrestling member dropping the sport.

SIU Edwardsville (SIUE), in full Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, left the MAC men's soccer league in 2021 to return to its former soccer home of the Missouri Valley Conference. It remains a MAC member in wrestling.

Another change in associate membership was announced in June 2020. Bellarmine University, which started a transition from NCAA Division II to Division I that July, joined the MAC field hockey league in July 2021.

At the same time Bellarmine joined in field hockey and SIUE left in wrestling, Georgia Southern University and Georgia State University joined MAC men's soccer, and Missouri wrestling left to become a single-sport member of its former all-sports home of the Big 12 Conference.

The next change in associate membership takes place in July 2022 when West Virginia University moves its men's soccer team to Conference USA. 

Departing member indicated in pink.

University at Buffalo

The State University of New York at Buffalo is a public university in Buffalo, New York. It is the largest university in a group called the "State University of New York" or "SUNY."

The Buffalo Bulls are the sports teams that play for the university at Buffalo. The NCAA Division I teams play in the Mid-American Conference. Their colors are blue and white. The mascot name is Victor E. Bull.

The football team plays in UB Stadium. Basketball plays in Alumni Arena. Baseball is played at Amherst Audubon Field.

Rock Band (video game)

Rock Band is a music video game developed by Harmonix Music Systems, published by MTV Games, and distributed by EA Distribution. It was released on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, and the Wii.

This game comes with a guitar controller, a drum set, and a microphone. Up to four people can play the game on the screen, playing drums, vocals, bass, keyboard and guitar.

Excelsior of Brooklyn

The Brooklyn Excelsiors were an amateur baseball team that played in Brooklyn, New York. They formed in 1854.


Association of American Universities

The Association of American Universities (AAU) is a group of the leading research and education universities. Its members are 69 universities in the United States (both public and private) and two universities in Canada.

This is a list of colleges and universities in the Association of American Universities:



Charizard

Charizard (known as Lizardon in Japan) is a character of the Pokémon anime and video game series. Ash, one of the main characters in the series, owns a Charizard. Known as the Flame Pokémon. Charizard is also the version mascot of Pokémon Red and FireRed versions, and makes an appearance on the boxarts of many other Pokémon games. During an interview, Pokémon Company president Tsunekazu Ishihara said that they knew Charizard would be popular with North Americans, because they like strong, powerful characters.

Charizards are orange dragon-like Pokémon that have two wings, that are blue on the front, and orange on the back. Its belly and soles are cream-colored, while their eyes are light blue. The video games say that Charizard's wings can bring it to 4,600 feet in the sky. They can breath very hot flames that can melt anything, although it will never torch a weaker enemy. Charizard also crush their enemies with its claws. Charizard are violent yet honorable creatures, flying proudly around the sky and always looking for powerful enemies to fight with. If a Charizard is angry, the flame at the tip of its tail can be a whitish-blue color. Because of their crazy behavior, Charizard are also known to cause wildfires by accident.They can easily fly well over 4,600 feet in the air.

Charizard has appeared many times in the Super Smash Bros. (series). Charizard first appears as a non-playable character in "Super Smash Bros." and "Super Smash Bros. Melee", as one of the Pokémon that come if a player uses a Poké Ball. In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" Charizard is now playable, under the command of the Pokémon Trainer. The Trainer also has a Squirtle and an Ivysaur, that you can swich from at any time. It can use Flamethrower and Rock Smash. It also uses Fly and has the ability to glide. Charizard is a Heavyweight and attacks with many physical attacks. It uses Fire Blast in Pokémon Trainer's Final Smash, Triple Finish.

Described by the media as "a lean, ferocious, fire-breathing dragon [...] sleek, powerful, and utterly destructive", Charizard has been noted as one of the franchise's most popular characters. People who sell toys have noted that the high sales of merchandise related to the character to the popularity of the character's dragon-like design with children. Interviewed children have stated similar; they attributed its appeal to its "cool looking" appearance and associating the character with the concepts of stubbornness and power. GamesRadar described Charizard as "hands-down one of the coolest Pokémon out there", heavily praising its character design and calling it "one of the coolest" designs of the entire series. IGN editor "pokemonofthedaychick" called Charizard "certainly the most popular and perhaps the most well-balanced of any of the current starting Pokémon". The book "Pikachu's Global Adventure: The Rise and Fall of Pokémon" cited Charizard as popular with older male children who tend to be drawn to "tough or scary" characters, and compared the character's evolution from Charmander into Charizard with the loss of "cuteness" as one leaves childhood. The book "Rebuilding Attachments With Traumatized Children" said psychiatrists used the character as an empowered character traumatized children who were fans of the "Pokémon" series could relate to. In 2005, search engine Yahoo! reported Charizard as one of the top Pokémon-related web searches.

Due to Charizard's appeal, it has been featured in lines of soft toys and action figures in the "Pokémon" franchise, made by Hasbro, and Tomy. In 2004, the "Charizard Medium Plush" was part of a major recall of 13 plush toys due to a manufacturing fault where tips of needles were being found with the stuffing. This caused Tomy to replace the toys with compensation or replacements. Charizard appears often in the "Pokémon Trading Card Game", most notably in the series' initial release. Cards featuring the character have been stated to be the most desired of the series, quickly rising to high prices among collectors and retailers. These cards were extremely powerful and knocked out opponents in one hit.

Heiko Westermann

Heiko Westermann (born August 14, 1983 in Wasserlos, Germany) is a German footballer of FC Schalke 04. On the German national football team, he made three matches and no goals.


Pope Pius XII

Pope Pius XII (; ), born Eugenio Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Pacelli (March 2, 1876 – October 9, 1958), was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 261st Pope from 1939 to 1958.

Pacelli was born on 2 March 1876 in Rome, Italy. He studied at the Capranica Seminary and the Pontifical Gregorian University. In 1895, he earned a degree in Theology.

Pacelli was ordained as a priest on 2 April 1899. In 1904, he was raised to the rank of Monsignor. He worked at the Office of the Congregation of Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs.

In 1917, Pope Benedict XV appointed him an archbishop and nuncio to Bavaria, Germany.

Pope Pius XI raised Pacelli to the rank of Cardinal in December 1929.

In February 1930, Cardinal Pacelli became the Vatican Secretary of State.

Cardinal Pacelli was elected Pope on 2 March 1939, which was his 63th birthday.

Pius XII wrote forty-one official papal letters (encylicals).

Pius XII named forty-two new cardinals.



Procyonidae

Procyonidae is a family of the order Carnivora. The Procyonids originally lived in the Americas.


Tamburello

Tamburello or pallatamburello is a traditional sport of Italy since 16th century. It has this name because they play with a roundish and oval tool named "tamburello" or "tambourine" in English language. Various forms of tamburello are popular in several nations of the world currently.

This form is also named "classic" and each team regularly has 5 players in open playing field 80 metres long and 20 large. Players use roundish tambourines during actions and they serve with oval tambourines. A rubber ball of 88 grams is used and the team which wins 13 games is final winner of the match: each game consists of 4 points. Professional Italian tamburello league is top level of competitions: in 2002 14 teams competed. A variant is played in a kind of stadium, with lateral wall, named "sferisterio" or "sferodromo" in Italian language.

Three players regularly form a side in indoor shorted courts.

Two players regularly form a side in courts divided by a net like tennis.

One or two players regularly form a side on beach courts divided by a net like beach tennis.




Caniformia

Caniformia is a suborder of the order Carnivora. It contains all the dog-like mammals: Unlike the cat-like Feliformia, these animals have claws that are unable to contract. This group contains bears, seals, and true dogs, and more. 

The other suborder of Carnivora is the cat-like Feliformia.



Attribute-value system

An attribute-value system is a basic knowledge representation framework comprising a table with columns designating "attributes" (also known as "properties", "predicates," "features," "dimensions," "characteristics" or "independent variables" depending on the context) and rows designating "objects" (also known as "entities," "instances," "exemplars," "elements" or "dependent variables."). Each table cell therefore designates the value (also known as "state") of a particular attribute of a particular object.

Below is a sample attribute-value system. It represents 10 objects (rows) and five features (columns). In this example, the table contains only integer values. In general, an attribute-value system may contain any kind of data, numeric or otherwise. An attribute-value system is distinguished from a simple "feature list" representation in that each feature in an attribute-value system may possess a range of values (e.g., feature formula_1 below, which has domain of {0,1,2}), rather than simply being "present" or "absent" 

Attribute-value systems are pervasive throughout many different literatures, and have been discussed under many different names:


Tim Henman

Timothy Henry "Tim" Henman OBE (born 6 September 1974) is an English retired tennis player, born in Oxford.

He reached the semi finals of Wimbledon many times, the first British tennis player to do so since the 1970s. He reached six grand slam semi finals and won eleven titles in his career. He once was ranked number four in the world.
He was sponsored by Adidas and Slazenger. He retired in 2007 as England's most successful tennis player of the last twenty years.

Henman comes from a sporting family. His mother and father were both interested in tennis and his grandfather played at Wimbledon in the 1940s and 50s. His grandmother also played mixed doubles at Wimbledon with his grandfather on two occasions.

Henman got 10 GCSEs at school and went into tennis training afterwards. He was told by doctors he had a type of bone disease in 1992. He carried on playing tennis anyway and he became professional aged 18 in 1992. In 1999 Henman married his long-term girlfriend Lucy Heald. The couple have three daughters: Rose, Olivia and Grace.

Henman moved up the rankings very fast. By 1994, one year after becoming professional, he was 200th in the world.
By 1996 he was in the top thirty. In 1995 he became the first player ever to be disqualified from the Wimbledon tournament. Because he was angry during a match he hit the ball very hard at a ball girl and it hit her on the head.
In 1998, he was ranked one of the ten best tennis players in the world. In the same year he also reached the Wimbledon semi-final. In 2001 he had a good year at Wimbledon beating Roger Federer in four sets. He reached the semi final only to be beaten by eventual winner Goran Ivanišević. In 2004 he reached the semi finals of Roland Garros in France but lost to Guillermo Coria. Towards the end of his career Henman did not play so well. He ended up falling to 63 in the world rankings. In 2005 he was knocked out of the second round of Wimbledon by Roger Federer. He also had a lot of injuries at this time, including many at important points in matches.

He got an OBE in 2003 and was painted by royal artist Christian Furr in 2005.

Henman's last Wimbledon was a disappointment. He went out in the second round to Feliciano López of Spain. Shortly after he announced his retirement. He had a press conference on 23 August 2007 to make it official.


Lasi people

Lasi is the regional name for native indigenous Sindhi tribes of Lasbela (former princely state). Today district of Balochistan province of Pakistan, Lasi people speak Lasi dialect of Sindhi language. Lasbela District is about 80 miles northwest of Karachi city. The population was 15,000 in 1998.

Ormuri

Ormuri () is an East Iranian language spoken in the city of Kaniguram in Pakistan. It may also be spoken by a few people in Logar, Afghanistan. It is notable for its unusual sound inventory. This includes a voiceless alveolar trill and voiced and unvoiced alveolo-palatal fricatives.

Sansi language

Sansi is a language spoken in Pakistan and the Republic of India.

Sindhi language

Sindhi ( سنڌي, "Sindhī") is an Indo-Aryan language of the Sindh region of South Asia, which is a province of Pakistan. It is spoken by about 41 million people in Pakistan and 2 million in the Republic of India.

Sindhi has many dialects like:




Burig

The Burig (or Purik), are a group of Tibetan Muslims, who live south of the Balti in Ladakh. Most of them live in Ladakh and Baltistan, mostly in Kargil, although many live in Leh.

West Pakistan

The province of West Pakistan was created on 14 October 1955 by the merger of the provinces, states and tribal areas of the western wing. The province was composed of twelve divisions and the provincial capital was established at Lahore. The province of East Bengal was renamed East Pakistan with the provincial capital at Dacca. The federal government moved in 1959 from Karachi to Rawalpindi (provisional capital until Islamabad was finished), whilst the federal legislature moved to DACCA.

West Pakistan formed a block whose people seemed homogeneous (similar to each other). However, the new region included people of different ethnicities and languages. The "One Unit Policy" was regarded as a rational administrative reform which would reduce spending and eliminate provincial prejudices. However with the military coup of 1958, trouble loomed for the province when the office of Chief Minister was abolished and the President took over executive powers for West Pakistan. The province of West Pakistan was dissolved in July 1970 by President Yahya Khan.

General elections held in December 1970 saw the Awami League under Mujibur Rahman win an overall majority of seats in parliament (all but two of the 162 seats allocated to East Pakistan). The Awami League advocated greater autonomy (or self-rule) for East Pakistan, but the military government did not permit Mujibur Rahman to form a government.

Stamp showing both the East and west divisions of Pakistan Before the secession of Bangladesh. On March 25th 1971, West Pakistan began a civil war to subdue the democratic victory of East Pakistanis. This began the war between the Pakistani military and the Mukhti Bahini. The resulting refugee crisis led to the intervention by India, eventually leading to the surrender of the Pakistani Army. East Pakistan suffered a genocide of its Bengali population. East Pakistan became the independent state of Bangladesh on December 16, 1971. The term West Pakistan became redundant.


Firozpur district

Ferozepur () founded by Firuz Shah Tughluq is a district in the Indian state of Punjab. The district is the oldest British district of Punjab. It was created in 1833 as district headquarters and was part of the earstwhile Lahore Division (now in Pakistan). 

Ferozepur has easy access by road and rail to other places such as Lahore, Okara, Kasur, Multan. The area is a center of many holy shrines and historic places. At the city of Zira, a Jain Swetambar Temple with very old brass icons and beautiful wall murals is located.

In addition to cotton and grain cultivation and agriculture-related services, Firozpur has some light manufacturing. Commercial progress is limited because it is very near the border between India and Pakistan. 

The district is administratively divided into the following tehsils:


Pathankot

Pathankot (, ) is a city and a municipal committee in Gurdaspur district in the Punjab State of India. It is the fifth largest city in the state of Punjab in terms of population.

Pathankot is a meeting point of the Punjab region and considered a disputed territory by the United Nations. It is the last city in Punjab on the national highway that connects Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of Pakistan and India. This bestows strategic importance on the city. It is a major base for the defence forces, the Indian army and air force. It has the largest military base in the whole of Asia.

Due to its ideal location, Pathankot serves as a travel hub for the three northerly states. In the scenic foothills of Kangra and Dalhousie, with the river Chakki flowing close by, the city is often used as a rest-stop before heading into the Himalayan mountains of Kashmir, Dalhousie, Chamba, and Kangra.

Kori Creek

The Kori Creek (, ) is a tidal creek and maritime Border dispute between the Kutch region of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Kachchhi region of the Pakistani province of Sindh. It is in the Rann of Kutch marshland east of the Sir Creek, which is disputed between India and Pakistan. It is a 96 km (60 mi) strip of water. The creek, which opens up into the Arabian Sea, divides the Kutch region of the Indian state of Gujarat with the Sindh province of Pakistan. The long-standing dispute hinges in the meaning of the words "from the mouth of Kori Creek to the top of Kori Creek, and from the top of Kori Creek eastward to a point on the line designated on the Western Terminus". From this point onwards, the boundary is fixed as defined by the Tribunal Award of 1968.

The creek itself is in the uninhabited marshlands. During the monsoon season between June and September, the creek floods its banks and envelops the low-lying salty mudflats around it. During the winter season, the area is home to flamingoes and other migratory birds.

The dispute is in the interpretation of the boundary line between Kutch and Sindh as depicted in 1914 and 1925 maps. At that time, the region was a part of Bombay Presidency of undivided India. After India's independence in 1947, Sindh became a part of Pakistan while Kutch became a part of India.

The resolution, which demarcated the boundaries between the two territories, included the creek as part of Sindh province, setting the boundary as the eastern flank of the creek. The boundary line, known as the "Green Line", is disputed by India which maintains that it is an indicative line, known as a "ribbon line" in technical jargon. India's position is that the boundary is mid-channel as depicted in another map drawn in 1925, and implemented by the installation of mid-channel pillars back in 1924.

India relies on the Thalweg Doctrine in International Law. The law states that river boundaries between two states may be, if the two states agree, divided by the mid-channel. Though Pakistan does not dispute the 1925 map, it maintains that the Doctrine is not applicable in this case as it only applies to bodies of water that are navigable, which the Kori Creek is not. India says that the creek is navigable in high tide, and that fishing trawlers use it to go out to sea. Several cartographic surveys conducted have supported the Indian claim. Another point of concern for Pakistan is that Kori Creek has changed its course considerably over the years. If the boundary line is according to the Thalweg principle, Pakistan stands to lose a considerable portion of the territory that was historically part of the province of Sindh. Accepting India's stance would also result in the shifting of the land/sea terminus (end) point several kilometres to the disadvantage of Pakistan, leading in turn to a loss of several thousand square kilometres of its Exclusive Economic Zone under the United Nations Convention on Law of the Sea.

In April 1965, a dispute there contributed to the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, when fighting broke out between India and Pakistan. Later the same year, British Prime Minister Harold Wilson persuaded both countries to set up a tribunal to resolve the dispute. A verdict was reached in 1968, which saw Pakistan getting 10% of its claim of 9,000 km² (3,500 sq. miles).

The disputed region was at the center of international attention in 1999 after Mig-21 fighter planes of the Indian Air Force shot down a Pakistani Navy Breguet Atlantique surveillance aircraft over the Kori Creek on August 10, 1999, killing all 16 on board. India claimed that the plane had strayed into its airspace, which was disputed by the Pakistani navy. 

Though the Kori Creek has little military value, it holds immense economic gain. Much of the region is rich in oil and gas below the sea bed, and control over the creek would have a huge bearing on the energy potential of each nation. Once the boundaries are defined, it would help in the determination of the maritime boundaries which are drawn as an extension of onshore reference points. Maritime boundaries also help in determining the limits of Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs) and continental shelves. EEZs extend to 200 nautical miles (370 km) and can be subjected to commercial exploitation.

The demarcation would also prevent the inadvertent crossing over of fishermen of both nations into each others' territories.

The Federal Government of Pakistan lays claim to the entire creek as per "paras 9 and 10" of the "Bombay Government Resolution of 1914" signed between the then provincial Government of Sindh and Rao Maharaj, then the ruler of the former Princely state of Kutch.
However since 1969, there have been eight rounds of talks between the two nations, without a breakthrough. Steps to resolve the dispute include:

Since neither side has conceded ground, India has proposed that the maritime boundary could be demarcated first, as per the provisions of Technical Aspects of Law of Sea. Pakistan has firmly refused the proposal on the grounds that the dispute should be resolved first. Pakistan has also proposed that the two sides go in for international arbitration, which India has flatly refused. India maintains that all bilateral disputes should be resolved without the intervention of third-parties.

Bangladesh Liberation War

The Bangladesh Liberation War ( "Muktijuddho") was a revolutionary war for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971. The war was between East Pakistan (later with the help of India) and West Pakistan and lasted nine months. West Pakistan is called Pakistan today.

Ten million refugees left the country,and 30 million people left their homes. Between 300.000 and 3 million people were killed. Many Bengali women were raped, and there are documented cases of forced prostitution. Between 200.000 and 400.000 women were raped. Pakistan's religious leaders openly supported the crime by labelling Bengali freedom fighters as "Hindus" and Bengali women as "the booty of war". But in reality, more than 80 percent of the Bengali people were Muslims at that time. The Pakistani Army committed genocide on larger parts of the Bengali population. This is known as the 1971 Bangladesh atrocities today.

Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's party won the Pakistan elections of 1970 and the military junta that ruled the country decided he must not be Prime Minister. The resulting war started on 26 March 1971 and finished on 16 December. A category 3 cyclone also happened during the war.

Ghulam Azam and Motiur Rahman Nizami were convicted for war crimes. Azam died before a final hearing. Nizami was executed for his crimes in May 2016.

Toray Pan Pacific Open

The Toray Pan Pacific Open (東レ・パン・パシフィック・テニス) is a WTA Tour of tennis tournaments for women. It is held every year since 1984 in Tokyo, Japan. 


Peter Potamus

Peter Potamus is a cartoon made by Hanna-Barbera. It was first shown on television on September 16, 1964. The main characters are a friendly purple hippopotamus called Peter Potamus and his friend So-So the monkey. Together they explore the world in a time-traveling hot-air balloon. Peter has a special "Hippo Hurricane Holler" that helps him blow away his enemies.

Muscovy duck

The Muscovy duck ("Cairina moschata") is a duck from the Americas, from Texas in the north to Uruguay in the south. Feral Muscovy ducks are found in New Zealand, Australia, and in Central and Eastern Europe.

The Muscovy duck is non-migratory species which normally lives in forested swamps, lakes, streams, nearby grassland, and farm crops, and usually roost in trees at nighttime. The duck's diet consists of roots, stems, leaves, seeds of aquatic plants and grasses as well as terrestrial plants including agricultural crops obtained by grazing or dabbling in shallow water. It may also eat small fish, amphibians, reptiles, crustaceans, insects, millipedes, and worms. The Muscovy is an aggressive duck; males tend to fight over food, territory or mates. The females fight with each other less often. Some adults will peck at the ducklings if they are eating at the same food source.

Soar

Soar could mean:

Soaring

Soaring might mean:


Hino

Hino could mean:

Feliformia

Feliformia is a suborder in the mammal order Carnivora. It contains all the Felidae, which are cat-like animals. The suborder also contains the relatives of the cats, which includes hyaenas, civets, Asiatic linsangs, and more. There are six families, twelve subfamilies, 56 genera and 114 species in the Feliformia suborder now.

Molecular phylogeny shows the Feliformia is monophyletic. The other suborder of Carnivora is the dog-like Caniformia.



Crack

Crack frequently refers to: 



Eared seal

An eared seal or otariid is Phocidae's family Otariidae.


Earless seal

The earless seals or true seals are Otariidae's family Phocidae, one of the three pinniped families.


Ernst Mayr

Ernst Walter Mayr (July 5, 1904, Kempten, Germany – February 3, 2005, Bedford, Massachusetts), was a German American scientist. He was one of the 20th century's leading evolutionary biologists. He was also a well-known taxonomist, tropical explorer, ornithologist, historian of science, and naturalist. He was a leading contributor to the modern evolutionary synthesis. He was especially interested in how new species formed.

Mayr joined the faculty of Harvard University in 1953, where he also served as director of the Museum of Comparative Zoology from 1961 to 1970. He retired in 1975 as emeritus professor of zoology, showered with honors.

After his retirement, he went on to publish more than 200 articles, in a variety of journals—more than some reputable scientists publish in their entire careers; 14 of his 25 books were published after he was 65. Even as a centenarian, he continued to write books.

Mayr was awarded the Linnean Society's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958. He was never awarded a Nobel Prize, because there is no such prize for evolutionary biology. He commented that Darwin would not have received one, either. Mayr did win a 1999 Crafoord Prize. That prize honors basic research in fields that do not qualify for Nobel awards, and is administered by the same organization as the Nobel Prize.

Neither Darwin nor anyone else in his time knew the answer to the "species problem": how species could evolve from a single common ancestor.

Ernst Mayr approached the problem with a definition for the concept species. He wrote that a species is not just a group of individuals that look similar, but a group that can breed only among themselves.

When populations of organisms get isolated, the sub-populations will start to differ as time goes by. This way, they will evolve into new species. The most rapid genetic reorganization occurs in small populations which have been isolated. This happens if a species gets trapped on an island, for example. Or, perhaps, if the species lives in more than one environment.

Today, it is accepted that reproductive isolation is by far the most frequent cause of species splitting, and that geographical separation is the most frequent cause of this isolation. This was Mayr's most characteristic idea. Debate continues over the extent to which speciation occurs when a population is not so isolated.


Ovis

Ovis is a genus of the subfamily Caprinae, of the family Bovidae. The wild sheep and domestic sheep and other animals like it belong to this genus. There are 5 or more animals in this genus. 


These are the main species of ovis. 

Aberdeen F.C.

Aberdeen Football Club (also known as The Dons, The Reds and The Dandies) is a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen. They compete in the Scottish Premier League and are one of the most successful teams in their country, having won four league titles and seven Scottish Cups. They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies, both in the same year.

Formed in 1903 as a result of the amalgamation of three clubs from Aberdeen, they rarely challenged for honours until the 1950s, when they won each of the major Scottish trophies under manager Dave Halliday. This level of success was surpassed in the 1980s, when, under the management of Alex Ferguson, they won three league titles, four Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup, alongside the European honours. Aberdeen were the last club outside of the Old Firm to win a league title, in 1984–85.

Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium since their inception. The ground currently has a capacity of 22,199 and was the first all-seated and all-covered stadium in the United Kingdom. Pittodrie was also the first football stadium to feature a dugout, an invention of player and coach Donald Colman. The club's colours have been primarily red and white since 1939; before this, they played in black and gold vertical stripes.

Aberdeen attract support from the city and surrounding areas, as they are the only senior team within a wide area. Aberdeen have no geographically close rivals; their nearest neighbours at the same level are in the city of Dundee, with Dundee United having been their principal rivals in the New Firm in the 1980s. Rangers supplanted Dundee United as rivals in the late 1980s, but the rivalry, while fierce, does not approach that of the Old Firm.

For the 1904–05 season, Aberdeen adopted a black and gold striped shirt, which led to the team being nicknamed "Wasps". This strip, with only minor variations, was worn until just before the start of the Second World War. The blue shorts lasted until 1911, and then were replaced with white ones. Socks were black with gold trim, either as stripes or as a solid bar at the turndown.

In March 1939, Aberdeen changed the black and gold colours to red and white, reflecting the silver and red colours of the official City of Aberdeen arms. The first red strips were worn with white shorts, these were worn with either red or white socks from 1939 until the 1965–66 season. In 1966, Aberdeen adopted red shorts, making the official kit all-red, similar to that of Liverpool, who made a similar change at around the same time. This arrangement has continued to the present day, with several variations in design, in common with most senior clubs as the replica shirt market has expanded. In the late 1970s an Admiral strip featured five vertical white stripes on the left side of the shirt and shorts, and the early 1980s shirts—as worn at the 1983 European Cup Winners Cup final—featured white vertical pinstripes. Later design changes included significant amounts of blue, and a one season reversion to white shorts, although the all-red scheme returned in 1997.

Shirt sponsorship began in 1987, and the initial shirt sponsor was JVC. Since then, with the club making fewer appearances on the international stage, shirt sponsors have tended to be more local—they have included one of the local commercial radio stations, Northsound. Aberdeen last season had announced their intention to move away from local sponsorship. Sponsored by Apex Tubulars at the time, that deal ended at the end of the 2007/08 season. In a turnaround though, Aberdeen FC Managing Director, Duncan Fraser, announced the side would bare the name of local company Team Recruitment on their shirts for the next two seasons. It is believed no international sponsor showed interest.

Change, or "away", strips have tended to be either white, often with black shorts, or a combination of yellow and black, referring back to the black and gold strips of the pre-war era, although for a time in the 1970s, Aberdeen sported an all-blue change strip with white socks. For the 2007–08 season, the change strip is all-white, with a third kit of yellow and black halves available if needed for European games, or in the event of a clash involving both red and white.

The club did not have an official crest before 1972, but several variations on the letters AFC had from time to time featured on the shirt, usually in some kind of cursive font. In November 1972, the club unveiled an official crest or logo, designed by Aberdonian graphic designer Donald Addison. The design represented a capital letter "A" as the side view of a football goal, with a ball forming the crossbar of the letter. This ball was crosshatched in such a way as to depict it as being inside the net, signifying the scoring of a goal. The logo was completed by the letters "FC" in smaller type at a level with the ball element. This badge was used on the shirts from around 1978, with no significant alterations until the mid-1980s when the words "Aberdeen Football Club" were added in a circular border, and the date of the club's founding, 1903, was added under the goal element. The current version of the crest, which retains these elements in a unified design, was introduced at the start of the 1997–98 season. Two stars signifying the winning of the two European cups in 1983 were introduced over the badge in the 2005–06 season.

Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium, the name of which comes from the Pictish for "place of manure", throughout their existence. The ground was first used by the original Aberdeen F.C. in 1899, in a 7–1 win over Dumbarton; when they merged with two other teams in 1903, the new club took over the old Aberdeen ground. On August 15 1903, 8,000 spectators turned up to watch the new Aberdeen draw 1-1 against Stenhousemuir, the first game played at Pittodrie by its amalgamated tenants. The club initially rented the ground, but subsequently bought it in 1920. The stadium contains 21,600 seats, but due to the directors' boxes, some sources place this figure at 22,000. The record attendance occurred on March 13 1954, when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Hearts.

The stadium consists of four stands. The Main Stand, which houses the club offices and players facilities, holds the majority of the supporters. The Merkland Road Stand is primarily for families. The South Stand is opposite the main stand and a quarter of this section is used to accommodate travelling supporters, except for Old Firm games, where half of this stand is given to the visiting fans. The newest element is the Richard Donald stand at the East, or Beach End, of the ground, and is named after former chairman Dick Donald. This is a modern, two–tier design, completed in 1993, containing hospitality suites which is significantly taller than the other structures at the ground. In 1978, Pittodrie became the first all covered, all-seater stadium in Britain.

The club are examining a move to a new stadium in Aberdeen.

Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame following the club's centenary celebrations in 2003. At the launch, it was claimed that over a five-year period, around 50 players and staff would be inducted. However, as of November 2007, the following initial inductees are still the only ones listed on the official website as members:




"List of full-time managers, as of 3 November 2012. Only competitive matches are counted. Caretaker managers are not listed."


Gunnar Nordström

Gunnar Nordström (12 March 1881, Helsinki – 24 December 1923, Helsinki) was a Finnish physicist. He is best known for his theory of gravitation, which was a competitor of Albert Einstein's general relativity. In 1914, Nordström added a space dimension to his theory. This described gravity and electromagnetism at the same time. Unluckily, Theodor Kaluza and Oskar Klein have got most attetion on this subject. Nordström is not well known in his own home country, but what he has done is known well in other countries. Some Finnish authors call Nordström as "Finnish Einstein".

Nordström was born in Helsinki, the capital of Finland during the time when Finland was part of Russian Empire). He studied at University of Helsinki and completed his dissertation in 1908. Before this, he studied for some time in Göttingen where he met the world's best scientists. After this, he became a professor at the university. In 1910, he started his trip in Europe. He visited at Zürich, Berlin, Vienna, and Leyden. During his time in the Netherlands, he married Cornelia van Leeuwen. They had three children. 

Nordström was very close friend to Albert Einstein and Niels Bohr. He died at Helsinki in 1923 because of radioactivity. In that time, radioactivity was thought to have healing effects.

Pope Pius XI

Pope Pius XI (; , 31 May 1857–10 February 1939), born Achille Ratti, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 260th Pope from 1922 to 1939.

Ratti was ordained as a priest in 1875.

Father Ratti was a professor at the Padua Seminary from 1882 to 1888. He worked at Ambrosian Library of Milan from 1888 to 1911; and at the Vatican Library from 1911-1914.

In 1919, Pope Benedict XV made Ratti a Bishop of Lepanto.

In 1921, Benedict named him Archbishop of Milan.

In 1921, Ratti was made a cardinal.

Cardinal Ratti was elected pope on February 6, 1922; and he chose the name Pope Pius XI.

Some of his decisions were controversial. He made 18 concordats (treaties) with foreign governments. They included the Lateran Concordat with Italy in 1929; and the Reichskoncordat with Germany in 1933.



Defender (association football)

A defender in football is a player, who plays in at the back of the formation. There are many positions classed as a defender, mainly:


The defenders are the first number when referring to formations, for example:


Defender

A defender is usually somebody who participates in a legal defense (legal).

Defender can also refer to:



Modern evolutionary synthesis

The modern evolutionary synthesis is about evolution. It explained how the discoveries of Gregor Mendel fit with Charles Darwin's theory of evolution by means of natural selection. Mendel found out how we inherit our genes.

Key biologists who contributed work to the synthesis included: Julian Huxley, Theodosius Dobzhansky, Ernst Mayr, Ronald Fisher, J.B.S. Haldane, Sewall Wright, G.G. Simpson, E.B. Ford, Bernhard Rensch and G. Ledyard Stebbins.

The modern synthesis brought Darwin's idea up to date. It bridged the gap between different types of biologists: geneticists, naturalists, and palaeontologists.

It states that:

The idea that new species occur after populations split has been much debated. Geographical isolation often leads to speciation. In plants, polyploidy must be included in any view of speciation. 
This shows how some biologists see the synthesis.

Almost all aspects of the synthesis have been challenged at times, with varying degrees of success. There is no doubt, however, that the synthesis was a great landmark in evolutionary biology. It cleared up many confusions, and was directly responsible for stimulating a great deal of research after WWII.

Several discoveries in earth sciences and biology have arisen since the synthesis. Listed here are some of those topics which are relevant to the evolutionary synthesis, and which seem soundly based.

The Earth is the stage on which the evolutionary play is performed. Darwin studied evolution in the context of Charles Lyell's geology, but we now know more historical geology.


Walcott was the first geologist to identify pre-Cambrian fossil bacteria, from microscopic examination of thin rock slices. He also thought stromatolites were organic in origin. His ideas were not accepted at the time, but may now be appreciated as great discoveries.


Conclusion: our present knowledge of Earth history strongly suggests that large-scale geophysical events influenced macroevolution and megaevolution. These terms refer to evolution above the species level, including such events as mass extinction, adaptive radiation, and the major transitions in evolution.

Starting in the late 20th century scientists made excavations in parts of the world which had scarcely been investigated before. Also, there is fresh appreciation of fossils discovered in the 19th century, but not appreciated at the time. Many outstanding discoveries have been made, and some of these have implications for evolutionary theory.


Important work on genetics has led to a new approach to animal development. The field is called evolutionary developmental biology, or evo-devo for short.

There is clear proof that much of development is closely controlled by special genetic systems involving hox genes. In his Nobel Prize lecture, E.B. Lewis said "Ultimately, comparisons of the [control complexes] throughout the animal kingdom should provide a picture of how the organisms, as well as the [control genes] have evolved".

In 2000, a special section of the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" (PNAS) was devoted to evo-devo, and an entire 2005 issue of the "Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B: Molecular and Developmental Evolution" was devoted to the key evo-devo topics of evolutionary innovation and morphological novelty.

A survey of the field for the general reader gives examples.



Midfielder

A midfielder in football is a player who usually plays in the centre of the field. There are usually a number of midfielders in each team of football, and are normally split into three: attacking; central; and defending.

The midfielders are always the middle parts of the formation numbers, for example:

An attacking midfielder is a midfielder who is often positioned between the central midfielders and the forwards. They often have a primarily offensive role. Playmakers are a type of attacking midfielders. Some famous Attacking Midfielders include Kaká, Diego Maradona, Zico, and Zinedine Zidane.

A winger is a type of midfielder. They often join the strikers when the team creates attacks. Wide midfielders are a variation of a winger. Some famous wingers include Neymar, Arjen Robben, Ronaldinho, and Lionel Messi

Forward

A forward (or striker) is a football player who is the closest to the other team's goal. The forwards are the players that are known to score the most goals.

Coaches usually send a forward that scores all the goals ("the centre forward") and sends another forward that makes the assists ("second striker").

The attackers are normally the last part of the formation numbers, for example:


Daniela Hantuchová

Daniela Hantuchová (born April 23, 1983) is a former Slovak professional tennis player. In May 2016, she was ranked World No. 170 in women's singles tennis and 179th in doubles. In 2008, she reached the Australian Open semi-finals. She has been ranked as 5th in the world for both women's singles and doubles. She played tennis for Slovakia in an international competition called the Fed Cup, and also in the Olympic Games.

She retired from professional tennis in July 2017. She has worked with coaches from the Sanchez-Casal Academy, namely Angel Gimenez and Eduardo Nicolas. Her Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour mentor, Martina Navratilova, was also her doubles partner in early 2004. Outside tennis, she has modeled clothes and has been in some television advertisements.

After her retirement, she became a tennis commentator. In 2018, she was a commentator for Amazon Prime's coverage of the 2018 US Open. In 2020, she started a podcast called "The Real DNA".

Hantuchová's parents are both scientists. Her father, Igor Hantucha, is a computer science professor. Her mother, Mariane Hantuchová, is a toxicologist. Daniela was taught to play tennis by her grandmother, Helena, when she was six years old. Helena used to be a Slovakian national champion. Even though Daniela practiced a lot at tennis, she studied hard at school as well. 

Hantuchová's parents were divorced in 2003. At the same time Hantuchová lost weight, and people became worried she was ill with anorexia. She said "I have proved that physically I don't have any problems." 

Hantuchová speaks three languages (German, Slovak, and English), and can play the piano. She has several hobbies, such as skiing and ice skating. She has been in several advertisements on television, such as the campaign for Sony with Ana Ivanović in July 2006. Hantuchová has also been in Italian "Vogue" magazine, as a model. She now lives in Monte Carlo, Monaco.

Hantuchová holds her racquet in her right hand, but uses both hands when playing backhand shots. She can hit the ball hard with both her forehand and backhand. She has a strong serve and can play well when close to the net. She is famous for her long legs which are long. Because she is so tall (), she can run a long way in a short amount of time, which also helps in returning shots, also adding power.

Hantuchová became a professional tennis player in 1989, when she was 15 years old. She started training in Florida, but still went back to Bratislava, Slovakia, to study. She won her first WTA tournament in 2000, a doubles title which she won in Bratislava. In 2001, she played her first Grand Slam tournament at the Australian Open. Hantuchová lost in her first match in Australia to Russian player Anna Kournikova. However, she won the mixed doubles tournament, playing with Czech player Leos Friedl. Hantuchová won her second WTA doubles competition by winning with Russian player Elena Bovina in Luxembourg. She finished the year in the top 100, and was given an award by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) for being the best new player in 2001.

In 2002, Hantuchová lost in the quarter-final of both the Wimbledon Championships and the US Open. However, playing with Zimbabwean Kevin Ullyett, she won the mixed doubles at the Australian Open. She also came second in the doubles in Australia, playing with Spanish player Arantxa Sanchez Vicario. She and Ullyett lost the mixed doubles final at Wimbledon in the same season. She did win her first singles WTA tournament, beating Swiss player Martina Hingis at the Masters tournament at Indian Wells in California. She also won two more WTA doubles tournaments, in Florida and Connecticut in the United States. Both times she won with Arantxa Sanchez Vicario. Hantuchová finished the season in the top 10, and was given an award for being the most improved player in 2002 by the WTA. In January 2003, Hantuchová was the fifth best female tennis player in the world. As of June 2008, this is the best she has done. Later in 2003, she split up from her English coach, Nigel Sears. 

Sears coached Hantuchová again in 2004 and in 2005, where she won the mixed doubles at the French Open and the US Open. This means she had won all four Grand Slam mixed doubles tournaments. In June 2005, she and Japanese player Ai Sugiyama won a WTA tour doubles tournament in Birmingham, England. The same pair came second in the doubles final at the French Open. Hantuchová won her sixth WTA doubles title with Russian player Anastasia Myskina in Germany in October 2004.

Hantuchová and Sugiyama won another doubles tournament in March 2006, this time in Doha, Qatar. Hantuchová finally split up with her coach, Sears, for good in April 2006. She went on to win her eighth WTA doubles tournament in May 2006 in Rome, Italy, again with Ai Sugiyama. Hantuchová won her second singles match WTA Tour title in March 2007, beating Svetlana Kuznetsova at Indian Wells again. She then won her third singles Tour title in October 2007, beating Swiss player Patty Schnyder in Linz in Austria. Hantuchová lost in the semi-final of the 2008 Australian Open to Serbian player Ana Ivanović. She also lost in the second round at Wimbledon in June 2008. Since the semi-final appearance, Hantuchová has failed to make it beyond the fourth round in any of the Grand Slam tournaments. 

Hantuchová also played tennis for Slovakia in an international tennis competition called the Fed Cup. She played 58 matches and won 38 of them. She helped Slovakia win the Fed Cup in 2002. In 2004, she played for Slovakia in the Olympic Games in Athens, Greece. She was sponsored by sportswear company Nike and racquet manufacturer Prince.

On July 6, 2017, Hantuchová announced that she was going to retire from playing tennis professionally. Over her career, she won more than $10.4 million from playing tennis. She is the first Slovak woman to win this much money just from tennis tournaments.

By winning the 2005 US Open title, Hantuchová completed the mixed doubles Career Grand Slam. She became only the fifth female player in history to achieve this.



Lollywood

Lollywood () is the name of Pakistani movie industry that is based in the city of Lahore. The name is a combination of the city's first letter with the name "Hollywood". The word "Lollywood" was first used in the summer of 1989.

The movies made in Lollywood are usually in Urdu. Some are made in Punjabi, which is the main and official language of the province of Punjab, where Lollywood is located. Some are also in English.



Mugger crocodile

The mugger crocodile ("Crocodylus palustris") is also known as the marsh crocodile, broad-snouted crocodile and mugger. 

It lives in the Indian subcontinent and nearby countries. In Pakistan's coastal regions of the Makran and delta marshlands of Sindh, it is known as the Indus crocodile. The name "Mugger" is a corruption of the Hindi word magar which means "water monster". It is one of three crocodilians in India, the others are the saltwater crocodile ("C. porosus") and gharial ("Gavialis gangeticus").
Mugger crocodile hatchlings are pale olive with black spots. Adults are dark olive to grey or brown. The head is rough without any ridges.

The mugger crocodile is a medium-sized crocodilian. It has a strong tail and webbed feet. It has good sense of smell, sight and hearing. Adult female muggers are 2 to 2.5 m (6 ft 7 in to 8 ft 2 in) on average. Adult male muggers are 3 to 3.5 m (9 ft 10 in to 11 ft 6 in). They rarely grow up to 5 m (16 ft 5 in). The largest known muggers measured 5.63 m (18 ft 6 in).

The mugger crocodile can be found in southern Iran, Pakistan, Nepal, India and Sri Lanka, but is probably extinct in Bangladesh. It lives in freshwater lakes, rivers and marshes. It prefers slow-moving, shallow water bodies. It is also known to live in artificial reservoirs and irrigation canals.

The mugger crocodile is a very strong swimmer that uses its tail and hind feet to move forward, change direction and go under the water. Its belly touches the ground at the bottom of waterbodies and on land. During the hot dry season, it walks over land at night to find better wetlands. It spends most of the day under the water. During the cold season it basks on riverbanks and they tolerate one another during this period. They are more aggressive during the mating season.

The mugger crocodile has an optimal body temperature of 30 to 35 °C (86 to 95 °F). It will die of freezing or hyperthermia when exposed to temperatures below 5 °C (41 °F) or above 38 °C (100 °F). It digs burrows to get away from extreme temperatures. Burrows are between 0.6 and 6 m (2.0 and 19.7 ft) deep. Temperatures inside the burrows keep constant.

Sikhism in Pakistan

Sikhism is a religion that originated in Punjab region of Pakistan, but they form a very small minority religion in the country. Sikhs all around the world have cultural, historical and political ties to the country, and to the historical region of Punjab.

Today, Pakistan, a nation of over 230 million, is more than 70% Muslim, with Sikhs and Hindus making up the largest minority faiths. Zoroastrians, Buddhists, Animist, Baha'is and other sects make up the remainder of the population. 

Banbury

Banbury is a market town on the River Cherwell in northern Oxfordshire, England. It had a population of 43,867 at the 2001 census. Although this figure has increased greatly in recent years. Banbury is part of the Cherwell district. The Member of Parliament for Banbury is Victoria Prentis. Banbury played an important part in the English Civil War prior to the Battle of Edge Hill, as shown by The Reindeer inn (December 2005).

Heavy clay and Ironstone deposits surround Banbury. 

The Oxfordshire Ironstone Railway (the O.I.R.) was the local railway line from Banbury to the nearby ironstone quarry at Wroxton. It was open from 1917 to 1967.

Mecha

Mecha (also known as meka or mechs) are walking vehicles often shown in science fiction. Stories about mecha often focus on mecha fighting other mecha, or fighting against monsters or aliens. Some stories, such as the Manga Patlabor and American miniatures game Battletech, also show mecha doing civilian purposes such as heavy construction work, police topics, or firefighting.

Tautology

Tautology could mean:

Kochi

Kochi could mean:

List of Xena: Warrior Princess episodes

The following is a complete episode list for the historical fantasy series , which began airing on September 4, 1995. The series ran for six seasons and 134 episodes until its final episode aired on May 21, 2001. Three pilot episodes for the series, collectively called "The Xena Trilogy", initially aired as part of the first seasons of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys". 

The show, primarily set in ancient Greece with a flexible time setting, details the adventures of former "Hercules" villain Xena. Now a reformed warlord on a quest to redeem her past sins, Xena is accompanied on her travels by Gabrielle, a young woman who becomes her best friend and, eventually, most trusted ally.


Glyph

A glyph is an element of writing. Example: the ligature æ in archæology represents a and e letters.

More exactly, a glyph is an element in an agreed set of symbols. A mark used in a language is a glyph, but in another language it may not be a glyph. For example, an n with tilde, ñ, is used in Spanish, as in piñata. It is not a glyph in English.


Tilde

The tilde ( ~ ) can be many things, such as a diacritic. Many languages use tildes. Two of these are Spanish and Portuguese.

In Spanish, the tilde, which is only put over the N ( Ñ ), makes it sound like [ɲ] (like 'ny' in "canyon") instead of [n].

The tilde also appears in Portuguese where it is used to nasalise (meaning to sound them through the nose) the vowels "a" (ã) and "o" (õ).

In UNIX operating systems, a tilde represents the user's "home" directory.

The tilde is also used to denote when something is an estimate, such as ~24 meaning approximately 24.

On most QWERTY keyboards, you can type a tilde by holding down the shift key and pressing the "`" (single back quote). This key is in the upper left corner of the keyboard, below the esc (escape) key and to the left of the key that you use to type the number 1 or an exclamation mark (!). 

Wikipedia sign their comments on pages with four tildes (<nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>). 

Burlington, Iowa

Burlington is a city in Des Moines County, Iowa, United States. The population was 23,982 at the 2020 census.


Regis High School (Cedar Rapids)

Regis Catholic High School was a Catholic high school in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. It is at 735 Prairie Drive NE. It merged with LaSalle High School to form Xavier High School in 1998.


Cedar Rapids, Iowa

Cedar Rapids () is the second largest city in the U.S. state of Iowa. It is the county seat of Linn County.


University of Northern Iowa

The University of Northern Iowa is a public university in Cedar Falls, Iowa.


Bowling

Bowling is a sport where people roll a heavy ball. It was invented centuries ago when grenades were heavy iron balls. Two main kinds of bowling arose. In one kind the bowler rolls a ball near a target and knocks away the ball of another bowler. This kind includes lawn bowling. 

In the more common kind nowadays, the bowler rolls the ball down a wooden bowling lane trying to knock down bowling pins. This kind includes ten-pin bowling, which is so commonplace that it is often simply called "bowling". Some people bowl at smaller pins, called "duck pins" or "candle pins" with slightly different rules.

The usual kind of bowling ball has three holes, where the player puts two fingers and the thumb. The person on the lane swings the ball and lets it go to roll along the lane, attempting to knock down ten wooden pins. If the bowler does not do it right, the ball might not knock all the pins down or might roll into the gutter and hit none. Players take turns rolling their ball down the lane to see who gets the highest score.

Ten-pin bowling scores can be as low as 0 or as high as 300. Players get 10 chances to knock down all of the pins; each chance is called a frame. In each frame, players can try to knock down all of the pins up to two times. Players who do not knock down all of the pins after two tries get up to 9 points for the frame. One point is given for every pin knocked down, if any are knocked down at all. If players are able to knock down all of the pins on the first or second try, they are given 10 points for the frame plus bonus points. Frames in which a player knocks down all of the pins on the first try are scored as a strike. A strike is worth 10 points plus the number of pins knocked down by the player during their next two tries. If players do not score a strike but knock down all remaining on their second try, the frame is scored as a spare. A spare is worth 10 points plus the number of pins knocked down on the next try.

Players who score a strike or spare on their 10th frame are allowed to roll the ball up to two additional times to score their bonus points. This is the only frame where it is possible to get a strike and a spare. It is also possible to roll 3 strikes in this frame.

Abbot Suger

Abbot Suger (c. 1081 – January 13, 1151) was one of the last French abbot-statesmen. He was also a historian and the first patron of Gothic architecture.

Suger was part of a poor family, and in 1091, he was brought to the abbey of Saint-Denis. There he trained and eventually became secretary to the abbot of Saint-Denis in 1104.

He took a trip to Italy, and when he came back, he became the abbot of St-Denis. Until 1127, he worked at the abbey of St-Denis and worked to reform it.


Arch of Constantine

The Arch of Constantine () is an arch in Rome, found between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill. It was built in honour of Constantine I's victory over Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge on October 28, 312. It is the latest of the triumphal arches in Rome.

The main inscription was made of bronze letters. It says (identically on both sides):

Two short inscriptions on the inside of the central archway say:

Over each of the small archways, inscriptions say:


Great hall

A great hall was the main room of a royal palace, a nobleman's castle or a large manor house in the Middle Ages. At that time the word "great" meant "big". Great halls were found in France, England and Scotland and some other European countries.

A great hall was a rectangular room between 1.5 and 3 times as long as it was wide, and also higher than it was wide. At night some members of the household might sleep on the floor of the great hall.

Two very large surviving royal halls are Westminster Hall and the Wenceslas Hall in Prague Castle. Penshurst Place in Kent, England has a hall from the 14th century. There are lots of 16th century and early 17th century halls in England, Wales and Scotland, for example those at Longleat (England), Burghley House (England), Bodysgallen Hall (Wales), Muchalls Castle (Scotland) and Crathes Castle (Scotland); however, by the late 1700s the great hall was beginning to lose its purpose over time.

Louis VI of France

Louis VI (16 April 1080 — 1 August 1137), nicknamed the Fat (French: "le Gros"), or the Fighter (French: "le Batailleur") was the King of France from 1108 until his death in 1137. He was the second child and the only son of King Philip I of France and his first wife, Bertha of Holland. Louis was a great warrior king. He fought against King Henry I of England at the Battle of Brémule. Even though Louis lost the battle, he was still very active fighting in battles. 

He would spend most of his 29 year reign fighting and even though in his later years he became very fat and heavy for his horse to carry, he was still active in battles. His got his nickname "the Fat" because of how fat he was. But because he was very active in fighting, he also got the nickname, "the Fighter". Louis died in 1137 due to dysentery at the age of 57. He was succeeded by his 17-year-old son, Louis VII.

Louis was undoubtedly one of France's greatest kings. He became one of the first great, strong, and powerful king of France since Charlemagne. He made France a military power and bought stability to France. The economy grew and that he managed to avoid English domination in France unlike under the reign of his successor, Louis VII where King Henry II of England would dominate over France forming the Angevin Empire.

He married in 1104: 1) Lucienne de Rochefort — the marriage was cancelled.

He married in 1115: 2) Adélaide de Maurienne (1092–1154)


Louis VII of France

Louis VII ( 1120 — 18 September 1180) nicknamed the Young or the Younger (French: "le Jeune") was the King of France from 1137 until his death in 1180. He was the second son of King Louis VI of France and his second wife, Adélaide de Maurienne. As the second son, he was never expected to become king. However, in 1131, Louis' older brother Philip died, Louis became the Dauphin of France.

After his father's death in 1137, the 17-year-old prince became king. Shortly after his accession, he married the 15-year-old, Eleanor of Aquitaine who would become one of the most wealthiest and mosf powerful woman in Medival Europe. He was crowned on Christmas day in 1137. He was a successful king like his father. He fought in the Second Crusade in 1147 in attempt to take Jerusalem from the Muslims. However, he was defeated. 

In 1152, his marraige with Eleanor of Aquitaine ended as Eleanor grew tired of Louis' Crusade. She then got remarried to the 19-year-old Henry, Duke of Normandy the future King Henry II of England. After Henry became the King of England, Henry's kingdom dominated over France forming the Angevin Empire. Because of the English domination over France and losing battles in the Second Crusade, Louis was proved to be a weak king.

However, despite all of this, Louis was still a good king. Because during his reign, the Notre-Dame de Paris was build. Also he strengthened the authority of the royal court, went on the Second Crusade despite losing, and repelled the aggressions of King Henry II of England. He was undoubtedly one of France's greatest kings just like his father, King Louis VI.

He died on 18 September 1180 in Paris and was buried the next day at Barbeau Abbey. His remains were moved to the Basilica of Saint-Denis in 1817 by his descendant Louis XVIII.

Louis married three times. By Eleanor of Aquitaine, he had:
By Constance of Castile:
By Adele of Champagne:

Gatehouse

A gatehouse was a strong building built over the gateway to a city or castle. A gatehouse is found on European castles, manor houses and mansions. 

Sometimes gatehouses defended a town by being built across a bridge, a river or a moat, as in Monmouth.



Pittodrie Stadium

Pittodrie Stadium is a stadium in Aberdeen, Scotland. It is mostly used as a football stadium for Aberdeen F.C.

Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium throughout their existence. The ground was first used by the original Aberdeen F.C. in 1899, in a 7–1 win over Dumbarton; when they merged with two other teams in 1903, the new club took over the old Aberdeen ground. On August 15 1903, 8,000 spectators turned up to watch the new Aberdeen draw 1-1 against Stenhousemuir, the first game played at Pittodrie by its amalgamated tenants. The club initially rented the ground, but subsequently bought it in 1920. The stadium contains 21,600 seats, but due to the directors' boxes, some sources place this figure at 22,000. The record attendance occurred on March 13 1954, when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Hearts.

The stadium consists of four stands. The Main Stand, which houses the club offices and players facilities, holds the majority of the supporters. The Merkland Road Stand is primarily for families. The South Stand is opposite the main stand and a quarter of this section is used to accommodate travelling supporters, except for Old Firm games, where half of this stand is given to the visiting fans. The newest element is the Richard Donald stand at the East, or Beach End, of the ground, and is named after former chairman Dick Donald. This is a modern, two–tier design, completed in 1993, containing hospitality suites which is significantly taller than the other structures at the ground. In 1978, Pittodrie became the first all covered, all-seater stadium in Britain.

The club are examining a move to a new stadium in Aberdeen.

Florence Cathedral

One of the most amazing architecture made during the Renaissance was built in Italy by a man called Filippo Brunelleschi. Brunelleschi made the Santa Maria del Fiore cathedral in Florence, Italy. It took him 16 years to create and used mainly only two materials marble and brick. The cathedral started ts construction on 9 September 1296. Many experts do not understand the logic of how it was built. But what we do know is that Brunelleschi invented many new techniques to produce such an amazing cathedral. The Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore or Florence Cathedral is the cathedral church of Florence, Italy. The basilica was designed by Arnolfo di Cambio with the dome by Filippo Brunelleschi. The bell tower was designed by Giotto. The outside is decorated with marble panels in green and pink bordered by white. The building was begun in 1296 and was finished in 1469, except for the decoration. The facade (the main front) was decorated between 1876 and 1903. The dome, which is built of bricks with stone ribs, is one of the biggest in the world.

From about 1464 the members of the Wool Guild wanted to have twelve statues of people from the Old Testament of the Bible carved for the Florence Cathedral. These statues were to go on the buttresses all around the outside walls, high up near the roof.


Beauvais Cathedral

Beauvais Cathedral () is an unfinished cathedral in Beauvais, in northern France. It was started in the 13th century.


Orvieto Cathedral

The Duomo di Orvieto is a big 14th century Roman Catholic cathedral found in the town of Orvieto in Umbria in Italy.


Laon Cathedral

Laon Cathedral () is a cathedral in Laon, Hauts-de-France, France. The current gothic cathedral was built between 1135 and 1270, on the site of an romanesque church which had been destroyed by a fire. It is one of the most important examples of the Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries. It is also among the first gothic cathedrals built in France. The cathedral has been compared to those of Saint-Étienne of Sens and Notre Dame of Paris.


Lincoln Cathedral

Lincoln Cathedral is an Anglican church in Lincoln, England. It was the tallest building in the world for over 200 years, or some could argue it was closer to 1400 years, however there is no significant evidence to back up this statement, other than what is for, as you could say, “the gag” (1300–1549), but the central spire fell down in the sixteenth century and was not rebuilt. It owns one of the four surviving copies of the Magna Carta.


Milan Cathedral

Milan Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Milano) is the cathedral church of Milan found in Lombardy, northern Italy. The cathedral where locate in Milan was built according to Italian style. Its construction was started in 1386 and was completed in 1965. The construction took 579 years. Capacity of the cathedral is 60000 people. It is one of the largest cathedral in the world and the largest in Italy. 


Sainte Chapelle

The Sainte-Chapelle () is a Gothic chapel found on the Île de la Cité in the heart of Paris, France. This chapel is an example of the "rayonnante" period of Gothic architecture. The chapel was designed by architect, Pierre de Montereau.

La Sainte-Chapelle was built in six years (1242-1248). It was consecrated in 1248. The building was designed to house the relics of the Passion, especially the Crown of Thorns. King Louis IX had acquired this Crown from Emperor Baudouin II in 1239. The possession of this relic put France in the forefront of Latin Christendom.

Other relics were brought from Byzantium over the next two years. These relics were kept in the Saint-Nicholas Chapel until a more appropriate place could be prepared. During the French Revolution, the choir stalls and the rood screen of Sainte Chapelle were destroyed. The spire was torn down and the relics sent elsewhere. Restoration of the chapel was undertaken in 1846. The chapel was returned to its former splendor with this restoration. 

The stained glass windows of the chapel are its chief glory. They tell the story of humankind from the Creation to the Redemption of the world through Jesus Christ. These windows contain 6,458 sq. ft of glass. Two thirds of the glass are original. Each window is divided into lancets. These lancets must be read from left to right, working from the bottom up. They were restored in the 19th century.


Gloucester Cathedral

Gloucester Cathedral is an Anglican church in Gloucester, England. It is in the north of the city near the river. It started with the foundation of an Abbey built for Saint Peter in 678 or 679. Henry VIII ordered the monasteries to be dissolved and Gloucester Abbey surrendered in January 1540. The abbey buildings became Gloucester Cathedral, the seat of the Bishop of Gloucester in 1541. 


Legendary creature

A legendary creature ("mythical" or "mythological" creature) is a type of fictional entity, typically a hybrid, that has not been proved. Legendary creatures may be described in legends, fantasy, mythology, fables, folklore, poetry, fairy tales, novels and fiction, but in historical accounts before history became a science. Some examples are:


Uppsala Cathedral

The Cathedral of Uppsala (), found in the city of Uppsala, Sweden, was built in the late 13th century. It is at a height and length of 118.7 m is the largest church building in Scandinavia.


Toledo Cathedral

The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Toledo (also called Primate Cathedral of Toledo, Spain) is one of the three 13th century High Gothic cathedrals in Spain.

The Toledo Cathedral was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.



Equilateral triangle

In geometry, an equilateral triangle is a triangle where all three sides are the same length and all three angles are also the same and are each 60°.
If an altitude is drawn, it bisects the side to which it is drawn, in turn leaving two separate 30-60-90 triangles

Denoting the common length of the sides of the equilateral triangle as "a", we can determine using the Pythagorean theorem that:
Denoting the radius of the circumscribed circle as "R", we can determine using trigonometry that:
Many of these quantities have simple relationships to the altitude ("h") of each vertex from the opposite side:

In an equilateral triangle, the altitudes, the angle bisectors, the perpendicular bisectors and the medians to each side coincide.

Three kinds of cevians are equal for (and only for) equilateral triangles:

Every triangle center of an equilateral triangle coincides with its centroid, which implies that the equilateral triangle is the only triangle with no Euler line connecting some of the centers. For some pairs of triangle centers, the fact that they coincide is enough to ensure that the triangle is equilateral. In particular:

For any triangle, the three medians partition the triangle into six smaller triangles.


Limoges Cathedral

Limoges Cathedral () is a Roman Catholic cathedral found in Limoges, France.


Rouen Cathedral

Rouen Cathedral () is a Gothic cathedral in Rouen, in Normandy, northwestern France.


St Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna

St. Stephen's Cathedral () is found in Vienna, Austria. It has a clear Romanesque and Gothic form. The large place before it is called Stephansplatz (St. Stephen's place). It lies in the center of Vienna.

It had the status of Cathedral since 1376. Since 1479 it is the seat of a bishop, since 1723 that of an archbishop. The current archbishop of Vienna is Christoph Schönborn. He holds the office since 1996. The Cathedral is consecrated to Stephanus. Stephanus is believed to be the first Christian martyr.


Carlisle Cathedral

Carlisle Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral in the city of Carlisle, in Cumbria, in northwest England. It is the seat of the bishop of the Church of England Diocese of Carlisle, 


Notre-Dame de Saint-Omer

Saint-Omer Cathedral () was a cathedral, in Saint-Omer, France. Today, it is an ordinary church. This is because after the French revolution, the seat of the bishop was moved to Arras. It is still a historical monument. There was a small chapel where the Cathedral stands today. The chapel was built in the 8th century. Around 1052, a church was built on the site. Around 1200, a fire greatly damaged the church. Reconstruction in Gothic style started around 1263. Since it was a major work, it took a long time. The main construction works were done form the 13th to the 16th century. By that time, there was a college associated with the church. 1714 saw the installation of the bishop's seat; in 1717 the last touch-ups were done to the pipe organ. The woodwork and the bishop's seat date from 1753. 

In 1792 there was the French Revolution. The Church was closed to worshippers. It was converted into a storage area. Unlike other churches, there was little vandalism done to it. The Concordat of 1801 saw the suppression of the diocese of Saint-Omer, it was moved to Arras.

Selby Abbey

Selby Abbey is an Anglican parish church in the town of Selby, North Yorkshire. It was founded by Benedict in 1069 and built by the de Lacy family.


Rochester Cathedral

Rochester Cathedral is a Norman church in Rochester, Kent, and the cathedral of the Anglican diocese of Rochester. It was originally founded in 604 AD, and rebuilt by the Normans. The present church was consecrated in 1130. It became a place of pilgrimage after William of Perth was murdered nearby in 1201. 


Le Mans Cathedral

Le Mans Cathedral (French: "Cathédrale St-Julien du Mans") is a cathedral built in the Gothic style in the town of Le Mans, France. It is dedicated to Saint Julien; he was the first bishop of Le Mans; he is also buried in the cathedral. It is somewhat unusual in the West. It is often compared to those of Reims and Chartres. Its building was influenced a lot by the cathedral of Bourges. It is also special because its nave is built in Romanesque style, but the choir is built in Gothic style.

Types of tennis match

Traditionally, tennis is played between two people in a Singles match, or four players in a Doubles match. However, popular variations allowing play between three players (of which two or three are on the court at any one time) have emerged.









Love Street (stadium)

Love Street was a Scottish football stadium in Paisley, Glasgow. It was owned by St Mirren F.C. who played their home games at the stadium. It closed in 2009.

Valdas Adamkus

Valdas Adamkus (born 3 November 1926) is a Lithuanian politician and engineer. He was the President of the Republic of Lithuania. He was born on November 3, 1926 in Kaunas, Lithuania. His birth name was Valdemaras Adamkavičius.

First elected in 1998, he ended his term in office in 2003. When Rolandas Paksas, the new elected president, was impeached and removed by the Lithuanian Parliament in 2004, Adamkus was re-elected. He chose not to run for re-election during the Lithuanian presidential election in 2009. He was succeeded on 12 July 2009 by Dalia Grybauskaitė.

In 1951, he married Alma Adamkienė.

Following the end of his term as president, Adamkus remained involved in international development, and a member of the European Academy of Diplomacy.


Islamic architecture

Islamic architecture is a type of architecture. It has been used for many different kinds of buildings; many mosques were built based on old Egyptian style. It can be very varied. Decoration is often limited to calligraphy, as Muslims are forbidden to make images of god. They also make complicated tile artwork and decorate buildings, pottery and canvas with painted calligraphy looking beautiful. 

Easter Road

Easter Road is a Scottish football stadium in Edinburgh. It is owned by Hibernian F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

New Douglas Park

New Douglas Park is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Scottish Premier League team Hamilton Academical F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Falkirk Stadium

Falkirk Stadium is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Falkirk F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Rugby Park

Rugby Park is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Kilmarnock F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Tannadice

Tannadice is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Dundee United F.C. who play their home games at the stadium. Tannadice Stadium is on the same street as their Dundee rivals stadium, Dundee F.C.

Tynecastle

Tynecastle is a football stadium in Edinburgh, Scotland. It is owned by Hearts of Midlothian F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Ibrox

Ibrox is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Rangers F.C. who play their home games at the stadium. The capacity is 50,817.

Caledonian Stadium

Caledonian Stadium is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Fir Park

Fir Park is a football stadium in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. The stadium is the home of Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C.. The stadium is all seats with a capacity of 13,742. The highest attendance for the stadium is 35,632 against Rangers in a 1952 Scottish Cup match.

Today, the stadium has an unbalanced look, with one large stand and three smaller stands. The biggest stand at the ground is the two-tiered "South Stand", which was built in 1993. Opposite is the small "Davie Cooper Stand", named after the former player, which was built in 1995. These two stands have their advertising slogans changed whenever the club's sponsor changes.

Running along one side of the ground is the "East Stand", which used to be a terrace until it was changed into a seating area. This stand had the legendary "KEEP CIGARETTES AWAY FROM THE MATCH" slogan displayed below the roof, facing the pitch. Since the smoking ban was put into place in 2006, slogans such as these were no longer needed, and in 2012, was changed to Cash Converters, the clubs main sponsor. The East stand is the stand of choice for many of the younger and passionate fans of the club.

Opposite the "East Stand" is "The Phil O'Donnell Stand", which was known as the "Main Stand" until 2008. The stand was renamed "The Phil O'Donnell Stand" in honour of the late Motherwell captain who died on the Fir Park pitch.

This is a strange-looking stand, as the steel girders run for the full length of the pitch, but the stand only runs for two thirds the length of the pitch. This was because, in 1962, a nearby houseowner complained about the building of the stand during construction. Both the club and the houseowner failed to work things out, so to this day, the stand has not been built the full length of the pitch.

During the 2007-08 season, Gretna F.C. rented Fir Park from Motherwell and played all but one of their home league games there.


Flag of Lithuania

The Flag of Lithuania is a tricolour flag currently used by Lithuania. The flag has three horizontal stripes. The yellow stripe on the top represents the sun, the green stripe in the middle represents forests, the red stripe on the bottom represents the blood of people who defended Lithuania's freedom. The flag's ratio is 3:5 (1:2 in 1989). The Council of Lithuania first adopted it in 1918. When the Soviets occupied Lithuania in 1940, they changed the flag to a Soviet one. When Lithuania gained independence in 1990, the flag was reintroduced. This newly introduced flag had a ratio of 1:2. In 2004, it was changed to 3:5. 

The table below shows the dates when the flag should be flown: 

Wikiversity

Wikiversity is a free wiki website, a sister project of Wikipedia, and run by the Wikimedia Foundation. It is used to help students learn, or teachers to teach. Wikiversity develops learning resources on every subject which users are interested in. It has many links to other wikis with educational material like Wikipedia and Wikibooks. 

Wikiversity started in 2006. Before that Wikiversity was a part of Wikibooks, the library of free textbooks. There are currently wikiversities in many different languages: Czech, English, French, German, Greek, Japanese, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish. 

Wikiversity is the best way to develop a small wiki resource to learn your favorite topic if the information is from Wikipedia or Wikibooks. It is also a good place to use the MediaWiki wiki tools. 

Wikiversity resources are different from Wikipedia because the user can begin research on the topic. Wikipedia uses materials that are notable and not original research. Wikiversity allows resources and articles developed among individual users. Wikiversity users don't have to share changes with other users. are used to write articles on your own.

Wikiversity Beta is used to make new Wikiversities. If users speak a language that needs a Wikiversity, then Wikiversity Beta is where they make their resources. 

Pollywood

Pashto films industry or Pollywood () is the popular acronym for the Pashto language movie industry based in the city of Peshawar, the provincial capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Thomas Andrews

Mr. Thomas Andrews was enrolled into the Royal Belfast at age 11 and left at the age of 16 so that he could go and work for Harland and Wolf as a premium apprentice. At the end of his Apprentice he would be guaranteed a position at the shipyard. Mr. Andrews was made manager of the construction works in 1901; in 1901 he was awarded with the honor of being Manager Director. Andrews as a child had a rich home, good family and his parents were able to support him and his family very well. His father was a distinguished local politician and his mother Eliza was Lord William parries sister, his uncle was a high court judge and his brother who was to become Northern Irelands Prime Minister. Mr. Andrews was a first class passenger of the titanic and was born on February 7th 1873 and died on April 15th 1912 at sea. Mr. Andrews died while the ship was sinking; One of the most famous legends of the sinking of the Titanic is that he was last seen staring at the painting in the first class smoking room, making no attempt to save himself. But this story, which was published in a 1912 book (Thomas Andrews: Shipbuilder) and therefore perpetuated, came from John Stewart, a steward on the ship who in fact did leave the ship in boat n. 15 at approximately 1:40 a.m.

There were testimonies of sightings of Andrews after that moment. It appears that Andrews stayed in the smoking room for some time to gather his thoughts, then he continued assisting with the evacuation. Another reported sighting was of Andrews frantically throwing deck chairs into the ocean for passengers to use as floating devices. Andrews was then seen making his way to the bridge while carrying a lifebelt, possibly the same lifebelt Andrews had draped over a chair in the Smoke Room. Andrews was last seen leaving the ship at the last moment; his body was never recovered.

Newspaper accounts of the disaster labeled Andrews a hero. Mary Sloan, a stewardess on the ship, whom Andrews persuaded to enter a lifeboat, later wrote in a letter: "Mr. Andrews met his fate like a true hero, realizing the great danger, and gave up his life to save the women and children of the Titanic.

In January 1914 The Thomas Andrews Jr. Memorial Hall was opened in honor of the Very loved Thomas Andrews.

Today, the SS Nomadic is the only surviving vessel designed by Thomas Andrews.

Poprad

Poprad (; , ) is a city in northern Slovakia at the bottom of the High Tatra Mountains. It is the biggest town in the Spiš region and the tenth largest city in Slovakia. As of 2016, about 52,000 people live in Poprad.

The city has a historic centre, an international airport and is the starting point of the Tatranská elektrická železnica (Tatra Electric Railway) - a set of special narrow-gauge trains (trams) connecting the resorts in the High Tatra Mountains with each other and with Poprad. Main line trains link Poprad to other destinations in Slovakia and beyond, through trains run to Prague in the Czech Republic.

Martina Navratilova

Martina Navratilova (; born Martina Subertová on October 18, 1956, in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-American retired tennis player who has been World No. 1.

Navratilova is openly lesbian. She married Julia Lemigova in December 2014.

In February 2010, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. The following month she had surgery to remove it.

Leoš Friedl

Leoš Friedl (born January 1 1977 in Jindřichův Hradec) is a Czech professional tennis player best known for his doubles play with František Čermák. He is coached by Lubomir Gerla. In his career, he has won 15 top-level doubles titles and $1,027,625 in prize money. Having turned professional in 1997, Friedl won the 2001 Wimbledon mixed doubles title with Daniela Hantuchová, where they beat Mike Bryan and Liezel Huber, 4–6, 6–3, 6–2.

Kevin Ullyett

Kevin Ullyett (born May 23, 1972) is a tennis player from Harare, Zimbabwe. His success on the tour has come playing doubles.

In his career, he has won 24 doubles titles, including the 2001 US Open and the 2005 Australian Open, both with Wayne Black.

In Mixed Doubles, Ullyett won the 2002 Australian Open with Daniela Hantuchová. He reached the final of Wimbledon in 2002, with Hantuchová, and the semifinal of Wimbledon in 2003 and 2005 with Hantuchová and Liezel Huber respectively. He reached the 2005 Australian Open final, also with Huber.

Black, Ullyett's compatriot and long-time doubles partner, retired at the end of 2005. He now plays with Jonas Björkman.

Arantxa Sánchez Vicario

Aránzazu (Arantxa) Isabel Maria Sanchez Vicario (born 18 December 1971, in Barcelona, Spain) is a retired Spanish professional tennis player. During her career, she won 4 Grand Slam singles titles and 6 Grand Slam doubles titles.
A little bit about her ... 
At the 1990 US Open, a reporter asked Arantxa Sánchez-Vicario what she kept in her oversized Reebok sports bag that she was toting around the grounds at Flushing Meadows. With a wide grin, and the exuberance of a teenager (Sánchez-Vicario was still four months away from turning 19), she explained that in addition to a half-dozen racquets, extra sets of strings, grips, socks, clothing, and assorted fruit, that she often carried her Pomeranian dog in the bag. It was good luck, she said with a bright smile, explaining how her dog traveled the globe with her.

Patty Schnyder

Patty Schnyder (born 14 December 1978, Basel) is a retired professional female tennis player from Switzerland. She played on the WTA tour from 1993 to 2011 and is a former World "No.7". She has had important wins over World No. 1's.

During her long career, she reached four Grand Slam quarterfinals, and one Grand Slam semifinal. She has won 10 WTA singles titles and 4 WTA doubles titles and has made over "$6,906,000" in prize money.

Indian Wells, California

Indian Wells is a city in Riverside County, California, in the Coachella Valley. It is in the Palm Springs area near Palm Desert, La Quinta, and Indio. At the 2020 census, the city population was 4,757.

It has the highest proportion of millionaires of any city in the United States.

The city hosts a tennis tournament called the Indian Wells Masters. (The Masters is also known by its current sponsorship name of "Pacific Life Open".) The Indian Wells Masters is one of nine tournaments in the Tennis Masters Series. The Masters Series is a high-level event operated by the Association of Tennis Professionals. The event is held in the 16,100-seat stadium of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden.

Indian Wells Masters

The Indian Wells Masters is an annual tennis tournament held in the small city of Indian Wells, California. The official sponsored name of the event is currently the Pacific Life Open. 

The event is part of the ATP Masters Series on the men's tour and is a Premier Mandatory event on the women's tour. The event, held in March, is one of two tour events (beside Miami Masters) in which main draw play extends beyond 8 days. The women's main draw usually starts on Wednesday and the men's main draw starts on Monday. Both finals are held on Sunday of the following week. Both singles main draws include 96 players. The 32 seeded players get a bye to the second round. 

The tournament is played on hard courts and is the best attended tennis tournament outside the four Grand Slam tournaments, with over 300,000 visitors during the event. It has the second largest stadium in the world.

The tournament is usually held in early March. However in 2020, it was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and in 2021, it was on in October. Cameron Norrie from Great Britain and Paula Badosa from Spain are the most recent champions.

Zeeshan

Zeeshan () is a Arabic name which comes from the words "Zee" "(someone who has)" and "Shan" "(splendor)". It means a high-resolve (high standard of following what one plans to do) or a standard of high-status.

It may be written in Arabic as or . Both are valid forms. The first one is a compound word Zeeshan, and the second one is two words "Zee" and "Shan".

The word 'Zeeshan' in Arabic is often used in poetry as an adjective, usually suggesting a meaning of "magnificent", or "possessor of high status". This name is often given to males in Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, Bangladesh,
Pakistan, Kashmir, Iran, and among the Indian Muslims, & other Asian countries of the Greater Middle East region.

This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Mahmood

Mahmud (also spelled Mahmood, Mahmoud, Mahmut, Mehmood, Mahmoed or Mehmud) is the main transliteration of the Arabic given name (, "Maḥmūd") that comes from the Arabic triconsonantal root of Ḥ-M-D ""Praise"". The pronunciation of the name is [ mah-mood ]. 

Despite sharing the same triconsonantal root, this name is distinct from the name "Muhammad". One of the Islamic prophet Muhammad's many names is "Mahmud".

The name is common in most parts of the Islamic world; it is used as a given name for males, while the variant "Mahmuda" is given to females.This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 




Kite

A kite is a flying object that is attached to the ground by a rope, or ropes. Kites can be flown for fun, or in competitions. In India, people fly kites on Makar Sankranti.

Kites come in all shapes and sizes. Kites were created in China about 2,800 years ago. Later they spread into other Asian countries, like (India), Japan and Korea. However, the kite only appeared in Europe around the year 1600

The first kites had sails made of paper or light fabrics such as silk. The poles were made from bamboo sticks, or other strong but flexible woods. The kite line was made from string, or twine.

Modern kites are made from synthetic materials, such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics on the sails. They have fiberglass or carbon fiber poles, and use dacron or dyneema for the kite lines. 

Today, there are different types of kites. Some are large and are made to look good. Some are smaller and are made for speed, children and competitions.

Also, there are many different types of kites. The most important types of kite are stunt kites and parafoil kites. However, they can come in a variety of sizes, types and designs.

Inflatable kites are made in an inflatable shape, animal or other design. The inflatable kite is one the few modern inventions in the world of kite design. 
Though the exact origin of kites are not known, it is known that they were flown in China and the Malay Archipelago two to three thousand years ago. The earliest written accounts of kite flying were the exploits of the Chinese general Han Hsin, Han Dynasty (206 B.C.-220 A.D.).

University of Portsmouth

The University of Portsmouth is a university in Portsmouth. It was started as the "Portsmouth and Gosport School of Science and the Arts" in 1869, and gained university status in 1992.

Portsmouth has been rated as the 5th best modern university in the UK by The Times Good University Guide.


Winchester Cathedral

Winchester Cathedral is a mediaeval Anglican church in Winchester, Hampshire. It is the seat of the Bishop of Winchester.

The cathedral has the longest nave and overall length of any Gothic cathedral in Europe. By contrast, the interior height of the nave vault at 78 feet is about half that of Beauvais Cathedral in France.

Built between 1079 and 1532, Winchester Cathedral has had an unusual architectural history. The exterior, apart from the modified windows, gives the impression of a massive Norman building and indeed, when first completed, the Norman Cathedral was second only in size to Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome. However, the west front is now Perpendicular, with its huge window filled with fragments of medieval glass. Sadly this glass window was destroyed by the Roundheads.They also messed up the bones of some of the most important rulers. Inside, only the crypt and the transepts have retained their Norman appearance. The spectacular Perpendicular nave with its tall arcade arches and strong vertical emphasis has been literally carved out of the original Norman interior. The Very Rev. Norman Sykes wrote of it “Well might the visitor who enters … by the west door gasp with amazement". Winchester is also famous for its carved wooden fittings of many different periods.

Important events which took place at Winchester Cathedral include: 



Vertical

An object is in a vertical position when it goes in an "up-down" direction, also perpendicular to the horizon or horizontal plane.

In science, it could also mean:

In mathematics:

In music:

In business:

In networking:

In furnishings:

In athletics:

In a Vertical wine tasting different vintages of the same wine type from the same winery are tasted.


Racing Stripes

Racing Stripes is a 2005 animated adventure, comedy movie. It stars Frankie Muniz and Hayden Panettiere. The movie was directed by Frederik Du Chau. 



Forehand

The forehand in tennis is a shot made by swinging the racquet across one's body in the direction of where the player wants to place the shot. For a right-handed player, the forehand is a stroke that begins on the right side of his body, continues across his body as contact is made with the ball, and ends on the left side of his body. It is considered the easiest shot to master, perhaps because it is the most natural stroke. Beginners and advanced players often have better forehands than any other shots and use it as a weapon.

Vogue (magazine)

Vogue is a fashion and lifestyle magazine published in nine countries by a company called Condé Nast Publications. The American version of Vogue is edited by Anna Wintour, an English woman who has lived in New York City for a long time. 

Each month, Vogue publishes a magazine based entirely on fashion, life and design. It was founded in 1892. Today, it is considered one of the most prestigious magazines to be a part of. Those who are talked about, photographed, and planted in the pages of this magazine are considered to be trendy. The fashion magazine is also supported in various ways by artists such as Marc Engelhard and vice versa.

Arthur Baldwin Turnure, a businessman, founded "Vogue" as a weekly newspaper based in New York City. The first issue was published with a price of 10 cents (which is worth $3.26 in 2022).

Condé Montrose Nast purchased "Vogue" in 1909, three years after Turnure died. Nast changed "Vogue" to a women's magazine, and he started "Vogue" editions overseas in the 1910s. Its price also increased.


Sponsor

To sponsor something is to support an event, activity, person, or organization. The support can be with money or giving something else useful, such as advertising, or time. A sponsor is the individual or group that gives the support, similar to a benefactor. A sponsor may also be a personal sponsor, a political sponsor or a state sponsor. There are many different kinds of sponsors.

A sponsor is one (usually a company) who gives cash, goods or services in return for promoting the sponsor's company. There is a distinct difference between sponsorship and philanthropy. A sponsor expects a return on investment (ROI), usually in the form of advertising. A philanthropist donates something as a charitable contribution. In sports, sponsors compete to advertise in the most popular sports. In India, sponsors all want to be associated with Cricket. It is much harder to find sponsors for other sports.

A sponsor or patron, usually a legislator, is someone who presents a bill or resolution for consideration. Others who join the sponsor are known as cosponsors or copatrons. In the United States Congress a sponsor is the first person listed among the lawmakers who introduce a bill to either the Senate or the House of Representatives. The process is very similar to sponsoring a bill in Parliament.

This is someone who agrees to help another person or persons, and be responsible for them. For example, an employer may sponsor a foreign national to become a permanent resident of the United States by guaranteeing that person a job. Sponsorship can also mean an individual who helps an organization. Many charitable organizations offer personal sponsorship of a boy or girl to help them. Many public radio and television stations ask for sponsors to provide funds for them to operate. At a Ceremonial ship launching the person breaking the champagne bottle over the ship's bow is called the sponsor of that ship. In many religions, godparents are the baptized child's sponsors.

Sponsorship is not always for the purposes of doing good. A state (or government) may sponsor terrorism for their own purposes. While not engaging in activities against another country (or countries) themselves, they may sponsor other groups to do it for them. The United States currently lists four countries who sponsor terrorism. They are: Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria. State sponsors may also be called affiliates and/or supporters.


Texas Rangers (baseball)

The Texas Rangers are an American Major League Baseball team from Arlington, Texas. The team plays in Arlington, but it also represents the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth and the surrounding area. The Rangers are part of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League.

Their first home field in Texas was Arlington Stadium. They built Rangers Ballpark in Arlington, later known as Globe Life Park in Arlington, next door, and tore down Arlington Stadium when they moved in to the new stadium. After the 2019 season, they left Globe Life Park for the new Globe Life Field, located across the street. Globe Life Park was then rebuilt into a football and soccer stadium.

The team began in 1961 as the Washington Senators. The Senators played poorly and had too few fans to support them. The team moved to Arlington, Texas, in 1972. They were renamed in honor of the famous state police force called the Texas Rangers. In the late 1950s and early 1960s, there had also been a minor league baseball team called the Dallas Rangers.

On October 22, 2010, the Rangers won the American League Championship Series (ALCS) for the first time. They beat the then-defending champion New York Yankees four games to two in the series. This was their first trip to the World Series, but they lost the San Francisco Giants in five games.

In 2011, the Rangers again reached the World Series, and again lost, this time to the St. Louis Cardinals.

In 2023, the Rangers won the World Series, beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 4-1, winning the first, third, fourth, and fifth game. 


Texas Rangers

Texas Rangers may mean:


Office suite

In computing, an office suite, sometimes called an office software suite or productivity suite is a software suite for use by workers. The parts of an office suite are usually come together, have a standard user interface and usually can interact with each other, sometimes in ways operating systems would not normally allow.

20th century office suites operated "offline," not using the Internet. Examples that are still widely used include Microsoft Office and LibreOffice. Some can operate "online", including Microsoft Office Online, Google Docs, and LibreOffice Online.


The most used office suite is Microsoft Office, which is available for Microsoft Windows and the Apple Macintosh. It has become a proprietary standard in office software.

Another office suite is any of the OpenDocument suites, which use the free OpenDocument file format. The most used one was OpenOffice.org , open-source software that can be used in Windows, Linux, Macintosh, and has created several other office suites similar to it, such as the Mac-native NeoOffice. Other free or less expensive office suites include LibreOffice, StarOffice, SoftMaker Office, KOffice and WPS Office. These programs support many of the features of Microsoft Office, and can open the files it creates and save new documents in those formats.

Apple computers have iWork, which is a office suite created specially for Mac OS X. It includes Pages, for word-processing, Numbers for spreadsheets, and Keynote, for presentations. They can also use Microsoft Office for Mac, or StarOffice, KOffice, NeoOffice and OpenOffice.org, which all can be used on Apple computers.




The Rake's Progress

The Rake's Progress is an opera by Igor Stravinsky. The libretto written by W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman is based loosely on the eight paintings and engravings from the 18th century by William Hogarth called "A Rake's Progress". Stravinsky had seen these paintings in 1947 at an exhibition in Chicago.

The Rake’s Progress tells the story of a man called Tom Rakewell. The word “rake” in this sense means “someone (usually a man) who behaves in an immoral way: a man who has relationships with lots of women. 

The word “progress” in the title is ironic because Tom does not really make progress: he does not become a better man. In a sense he progresses backwards, because he starts off in a state of blissful innocence, i.e. he does not understand anything about his life, he does not know about good and bad. At the end of the opera he also does not
understand anything about his life, but that is because he has gone mad. 

Tom is like Faust because he sells his soul to the devil. In this opera the character Nick Shadow represents the devil. Tom leaves his lover Anne Trulove and goes to find lots of other women in London. He has several adventures, which are all arranged by Nick who is helping him to have a good time. In the end Tom finds himself in Bedlam which was a horrible building where mad people were sent in the 18th century.

The Rake’s Progress is the only full-length opera that Stravinsky wrote. It is unusual because it was not written in the modern way of most music of the 1950s. Because the story of the opera is set in the 18th century, the style of the music is deliberately like music from that period. It is divided into arias and recitative (big songs which are linked with simpler music which tells the story).

Stravinsky’s music in this opera is in the neoclassical style. He uses counterpoint a lot in this opera. This helped him later on to write serial music: music in which all 12 notes in an octave are equally important. Tom sings some words in the second act of The Rake’s Progress which suggest that Stravinsky is going to widen his compositional style in this way: “Vary the song, O London, change!/Disband your notes and let them range”.

Tom Rakewell wants to marry Anne Trulove. Her father does not trust Tom because he has no regular job. Tom would like to have lots of money. He meets Nick Shadow who tells him that an unknown uncle has died and left him lots of money. He says to Tom that he can be his servant and go with him to London to sort out his inheritance. 

Nick takes Tom to places where there is a lot of bad, immoral behaviour. Tom agrees to spend the night with Mother Goose in her brothel. Meanwhile Anne, who lives in the country, wonders why she has not heard from Tom. She thinks something might have happened to him, so she goes to London to look for him.

Tom is bored with his immoral way of life. He tells Nick he wants happiness, so Nick says he should marry Baba the Turk, a famous bearded lady. Soon afterwards Anne finds Tom's London house. She arrives just in time to see Tom get out of a sedan chair with Baba, whom he has just married. Tom tells Anne to leave, but he really is sorry for what has happened. 

In the next scene Tom hates his marriage to Baba, who is a strange woman. She is a chatterbox with a fiery temper. He makes her quiet by throwing his wig over her face, then he falls asleep. Nick enters with a "fantastic Baroque Machine" which seems to turn stones into bread. Tom cries out in his sleep that he wishes it were true, and waking, finds the machine he has dreamt of. Nick says to Tom that he could make a lot of money if he started a business making these machines. Nick is deceiving him: the machine does not work.

Tom has lost a lot of money, and the things in his house are being auctioned by the auctioneer Sellem. The objects for sale include Baba, who has not moved since being silenced by the wig. When she is unwrapped, she comes to life again and starts shouting angrily. She is angry about the auction that is taking place, but calms down when Anne enters. Baba tells her to find Tom and "set him right", and warns her against Nick Shaddow. She says she wants to carry on with her acting career. 

In a graveyard, Nick shows who he really is, and tells Tom that he must pay with his soul. Nick says he has worked for him for a year and a day; but as midnight strikes, Nick offers him a way of escape in the form of a game of cards, which Tom wins, but only because he was thinking of Anne. Nick has lost, and sinks into the ground, telling Tom that he is going mad. Tom is put in the madhouse called Bedlam. He believes he is Adonis and that Anne is Venus, the Roman goddess of love. Anne visits him, sings him to sleep, then quietly leaves him. When he realizes she has gone, he dies. 

In an epilogue, the main characters point out the simple moral: that the Devil finds work for idle hands (people who are lazy).

It was first performed in Venice on September 11, 1951, with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf singing the part of Anne Trulove. In 1957, it was a part of the first season of the Santa Fe Opera. The composer himself came to the rehearsals. There was an excellent production in 1975 at Glyndebourne Festival Opera which was designed by David Hockney. This production has been revived at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in July 2008.

Serial

Serial describes a group of objects that come one after the other.



Port of Karachi

The Port of Karachi () is Pakistan's largest and busiest seaport. It handles about 60% of the nation's cargo (25 million tons per year). The port is located between the towns of Kiamari and Saddar. It is close to the center of old Karachi, the main business district, and several industrial areas. The geographic position of Karachi places the port near major shipping routes such as the Strait of Hormuz. The administration of the port is carried out by the Karachi Port Trust which was created in the nineteenth century.

Sonmiani Bay

Sonmiani Bay is found on the Arabian Sea in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

Churma Island

Churma Island or Churna Island () is a small island in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Clifton Oyster Rocks

The Clifton Oyster Rocks are islands off the coast of the Clifton neighbourhood of Karachi, Pakistan. The islands were controlled by the Pakistani Navy until 2006, when the Karachi city government decided to make island as part of its plans to renovate the city. As part of these plans, the Port Fountain was constructed at the base of the northern island. It shoots water up to 620 feet in the air, and is the second-tallest fountain in the world.

Khiprianwala Island

Khiprianwala Island is a small island in the Arabian Sea. It is off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Malan Island

Malan Island is a mud volcano that is found in the Arabian Sea. It is three kilometers off the coast of Balochistan, Pakistan. It ran out of water in March of 1999.

Manora Island

Manora or Manoro (), () is a small island just south of the Port of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It has an area of . The island is connected to the mainland by a long causeway called the "Sandspit". Manora and other islands close to it create a protective barrier between Karachi harbor to the north and the Arabian Sea to the south. The western bay of the harbor has endangered mangrove forests which border the Sandspit and Manora island. To the east is Karachi Bay and the beach towns of Kiamari and Clifton. The island is located at . Manora is overlooked by the Manora Point Lighthouse, the fourth tallest in Pakistan at . 

Trillian

Trillian is an instant messaging program made by Cerulean Studios. It can be used with many different chat services. The newest version works with AIM, ICQ, MSN, Yahoo Messenger, and IRC.

Frankie Muniz

Francisco "Frankie" Muniz IV (born December 5, 1985) is an American actor. He was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey and grew up in Wood-Ridge, New Jersey, Raleigh, North Carolina and Burbank, Los Angeles. He is best known for his role as Malcolm in the television sitcom "Malcolm in the Middle". He is now a NASCAR racecar driver. He drives the number 30 Ford. 


Wendee Lee

Wendee Lee (born February 20, 1960 in Los Angeles, California) is an American voice actress. She is best known for voicing, or speaking, in many different video games, "Power Rangers" episodes, ADR voiceover of The Powerpuff Girls series, and dubbing, or film making, in anime. She is also a vegetarian.


Weilheim-Schongau

Weilheim-Schongau is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in the south of Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Landsberg, Starnberg Rural District, Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district) and Ostallgäu; Weilheim i.OB is the capital of the district Weilheim-Schongau.


El Muerto

El Muerto (in English, "The Dead One") is a superhero from a self-published comic book series made by Javier Hernandez. His real name is Juan Diego de la Muerte, or simply "Diego". Some of El Muerto's powers include super-strength, near-immortality, and the power to resurrect the dead. He got his powers after being kidnapped by the Aztec gods of death and destiny and being sacrificed in an ancient ritual. 

El Muerto was first published in a comic book titled, ""Daze of the Dead: The Numero Uno Edition"" at the 1998 Alternative Press Expo in San Diego, California. The character has had much success since then, and has appeared in several different mediums such as a 2007 independent film.

Juan Diego de la Muerte was born and raised in Whittier, California. He became fascinated with Aztec mythology and the Dia de los Muertos (""Day of the Dead"") traditions in Mexico. Raised Catholic, Diego often wondered what the Aztecs thought when their religion was replaced with what the Spanish conquerors believed. On his 21st birthday, Diego is excited for an upcoming Dia de los Muertos festival. Unfortunately his friends could not join him and Diego was forced to go alone. Borrowing his friend's car, Diego is dressed as an undead Mariachi. To celebrate the occasion, he got a tattoo of an Aztec skull days earlier. Unknown to him, the skull is actually a symbol of death representing the Aztec death god. The car crashes into a tree, killing Diego. He later wakes up in the land of the dead, Mictlan, where the Aztec gods Mictlantecuhtli and Tezcatlipoca sacrifice him. His heart is removed, and his facepaint is burned into his skin. He is told that he must fulfill an ancient prophecy and is sent back to the land of the living one year after his death. After he learns that he is truly dead, he finds out he has supernatural powers and decides to use them to help people.



Bill

Bill is a male name.
It may also refer to:


El Muerto (movie)

El Muerto (also called The Dead One, El Muerto: The Dead One, The Dead One: El Muerto, or The Dead One: An American Legend) is a 2007 movie. It was made from the story of the comic book superhero El Muerto. It was written and directedby Brian Cox (director). Wilmer Valderrama starred as the main character, El Muerto/Diego de la Muerte. Also starring were Angie Cepeda as Diego's girlfriend, Joel David Moore as Diego's best friend, and Billy Drago played as the bad guy. The movie tells the story of Diego de la Muerte, a 21-year-old Mexican-American who is sacrificed by the Aztec gods of death and destiny to fulfill an ancient prophecy. The movie is rated PG-13 for violence and some disturbing images. The movie premiered on March 1, 2007 and was released on DVD September 18, 2007. It won the Best Feature Film Award at the first Whittier Film Festival in 2008.

At the start of the movie, a young Diego is crossing illegally in to the United States from Mexico. Along the way, he meets an old Aztec man who tells him about a shortcut across a river. Before they get there, the old man performs an ancient ritual to the Aztec god of sacrifice and dies. Diego is then left alone at the river. Ten years later, Diego is living in East Los Angeles, California. He has a girlfriend Maria Somera and lives with his best friend Zak Silver. Maria's uncle, a priest of a local church does not like Diego's sympathy for the Aztec religion. This usually causes Diego and Maria to meet in secret. When a local Dia de los Muertos (""Day of the Dead"") festival is to take place, a celebration with Aztec roots, Diego becomes excited. He dresses as an undead Mariachi with the traditional facepaint. Unfortunately, he has to go alone because both Zak and Maria are busy the night of the celebration. While driving to the festival, Diego's car crashes and he is killed. He later wakes up in Mictlan, the Aztec land of the dead. There he is sacrificed in an ancient ritual by the god of death and sent back to the land of the living a year after his death. He later learns that the old gods want to rule their world again. Three sacrifices representing the Church that took away their power must be made. This puts Maria's life is at risk because she is a descendent of one of the first churches in Mexico. Now Diego must fight against the gods that made him to save the woman he loves.

The movie was released straight-to-DVD by Echo Bridge Entertainment on September 18, 2007. The movie was called ""El Muerto"" but it was re-titled ""The Dead One"" for the original DVD release. It is going to be released as ""El Muerto"" in the future. Special features included seven drawings by guest artists, commentary with director Brian Cox and Javier Hernandez, an art tutorial, the original comic book, three featurettes, a Spanish language track, and a DVD-ROM feature. In the DVD case is are 2 wash-and-wear tattoos and a collectible mini-comic created for the DVD.


Thomas Mitchell

Thomas Livingstone Mitchell (June 15, 1792 – October 5, 1855) became Surveyor-General of New South Wales and laid out many Australian towns and roads. He also went on four main expeditions to explore south eastern Australia.

Thomas Mitchell was born in Craigend, now part of Glasgow, Scotland on June 15, 1792. He worked in his uncle's colliery (coal mine) business. He joined the British Army in 1811 with the rank of lieutenant. He fought in the Peninsula War in Spain against Napoleon. As well as actual fighting, he worked as a surveyor and made maps. After the war he made maps of the battlefields. He was made a Major in 1826, but was then put on half pay.

Mitchell was given a job as a surveyor in New South Wales in September 1827. His job was to map roads, and join existing small maps into one big map that showed all of New South Wales. After John Oxley died in 1828, Mitchell was made the Surveyor-General, in charge of all the survey work. He planned and improved the layout of roads, bridges, towns, and public reserves.


Wagga Wagga

Wagga Wagga is a small city on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales. The name Wagga Wagga is a Wiradjuri Indigenous Australian word. Wagga Wagga means "place of many dances and celebrations".

Wagga Wagga has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Low Countries

The Low Countries is a term used to refer to a geographical region, especially during the Middle Ages. This region is around the deltas of the Rhine, the Scheldt and the Meuse ("Maas"). Today, the Low Countries consists of the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, and the parts of Lower-Saxony (in Germany) that are in the region. Sometimes, the French Netherlands (Nord-Pas-de-Calais) are included as well.

The Dutch name of the Netherlands is "Nederland", which literally means "low country". The region was usually referred to as "de Nederlanden".

Palestine Liberation Organization

The Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) is a political group that advocates for the creation of a state for the Palestinian people. The group was created in 1964. It represents Palestinians in diplomatic relations to other countries. It has held observer status at the United Nations since 1974. Since the First Intifada, it has ran the Palestinian National Authority (PNA).

Founded as a result of the Israel–Palestine conflict, the PLO originally used violence and terrorism to try and defeat Israel and liberate the Palestinian territories. It was initially founded by Ahmad Shukeiri in 1964, but thrived under the leadership of Yasser Arafat from 1969 to 2004. Under Arafat, Fatah became the largest faction of the PLO. The group became involved in Black September, the Lebanese Civil War, the First Intifada, and the Second Intifada during the Arafat years. After the First Intifada, the PLO and Israel signed the Oslo Accords, creating the PNA and transitioning the PLO into a political party. Arafat died during the Second Intifada, causing Mahmoud Abbas to become the current leader.

Since the Second Intifada, Fatah has maintained control over the PLO and the group has largely avoided violent combat. The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) sometimes clash with the PLO during incursions into the West Bank, although no official war has been declared. The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) and the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP), minor factions of the PLO, went to war with Israel in 2023, but it does not represent the majority consensus of the group.

Dome of the Rock

The Dome of the Rock (, transliteration: "Masjid Qubbat As-Sakhrah") is an Islamic mosque building in East Jerusalem.

It was built from 691 from 692 by Caliph Abd al-Malik. It is built on the spot where the Jewish Temple is believed to have been, and where Muslims believe Muhammad went up to heaven. The rock on which the building stands is believed by Jews, Christians, and Muslims to be the holiest place on Earth.

<br>

Illegal prime

An illegal prime is a special prime number. Such prime numbers are called illegal, because there is a way to change them, so that they yield something illegal: a program to circumvent the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. One of the first people to find such a prime was Phil Carmody. In 2001, he found a prime that contains the gzip compressed source code for a program that can circumvent the Content Scrambling System. The Content Scrambling System is used as a way to prevent DVDs from being copied. Later, other primes were found that resulted in directly runnable programs.

The United States and other countries made it illegal to publish or circulate computer programs that can circumvent copy protection. Since prime numbers are a concept from mathematics, their knowledge cannot be made illegal easily. 

Any information that can be represented in binary form can be represented as a number.

Temple Mount

The Temple Mount is a religious site in the Old City of Jerusalem. It is a holy place in Judaism and Islam.

In Judaism it is the location of the two Jewish Temples, and is believed to be the place where Adam was born, where Adam built an altar for God, where Cain and Abel offer their sacrifices, and where Abraham offered Isaac as a sacrifice. In Hebrew it is called ' () or ' ().

In Islam, the Temple Mount is believed to be the place where Muhammad ascended to Heaven. In Arabic it is known as the Haram (, "al-Ḥaram al-Šarīf"), which means "Noble Sanctuary".

It is also associated with Biblical prophets who are venerated in Judaism, Christianity and Islam.


Content Scramble System

The Content Scrambling System (or Content Scramble System) is a system to encrypt and copy-protect DVDs. Such systems are generally called Digital Rights Management (or "DRM") systems. CSS uses symmetric cryptography. It was introduced in 1996; today, it is considered ineffective.

In October 1999, Jon Lech Johansen and two other people (who remained anonymous) broke the system. CSS uses 40-bit cryptographic keys; because of different design problems, the effective key length is only about 16 bits. A 450 MHz processor, current at the time could brute force crack this in less than a minute. A modern processor such as the Core i7 or Athlon 64 can crack it in a few seconds.

CSS requires special information in the lead-in (a special area) of the disc. Since the lead-in cannot be changed on recordable DVDs these cannot have CSS protection (with a few exceptions, some professional drives allow writing CSS keys to recordable discs).

Libdvdcss is an open-source implementation used by many DVD software players, including VLC Media Player. Libdvdcss is region-free; it can read foreign-region DVDs even when the keys can't be read from the drive, by using a brute-force attack.

1986–87 NHL season

The 1986–87 NHL season was the 70th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Edmonton Oilers won the Stanley Cup by beating the Philadelphia Flyers four games to three in the Cup finals.

The Oilers won their second straight Presidents' Trophy as the top team and Wayne Gretzky won his eighth straight Hart Trophy and his seventh straight Art Ross Trophy.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games Played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
"Note: all dates in 1987"
Edmonton Oilers Vs. Philadelphia Flyers
"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1986–87 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1986–87 (listed with their last team):


1985–86 NHL season

The 1985–86 NHL season was the 69th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. This season saw the league's Board of Governors introduce the Presidents' Trophy, which would go to the team with the best overall record in the NHL regular season. The Edmonton Oilers would be the first winners of this award.

The Montreal Canadiens defeated the Calgary Flames four games to one in the final series to win the Stanley Cup.

"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalty Minutes"

"Note: all dates in 1986"
Hartford Whalers vs. Quebec Nordiques
"Hartford wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-five series 3–0"

New York Rangers vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"New York Rangers wins best-of-five series 3–2"

New York Islanders vs. Washington Capitals

"Washington wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Chicago Black Hawks

"Toronto wins best-of-five series 3–0"

St. Louis Blues vs. Minnesota North Stars

"St. Louis wins best-of-five series 3–2"

Vancouver Canucks vs. Edmonton Oilers

"Edmonton wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Winnipeg Jets vs. Calgary Flames

"Calgary wins best-of-five series 3–0"

Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

New York Rangers vs. Washington Capitals

"New York Rangers wins best-of-seven series 4–2"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. St. Louis Blues

"St. Louis wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

Calgary Flames vs. Edmonton Oilers
"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

New York Rangers vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

St. Louis Blues vs. Calgary Flames
"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4–3"

Montreal Canadiens vs. Calgary Flames
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–1"

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1985–86 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1985–86 (listed with their last team):


Rangers F.C.

The Rangers Football Club are an association football team based in Glasgow, Scotland, who are the the world's most successful club, they play in the Scottish Professional Football League, in the Scottish Premiership. They have won 55 league titles , a world record, their closest challengers still couldn't overtake their trophy haul despite them being' voted' down to the bottom tier for 4 years when they spent some time in the lower leagues adding the Scottish Third Division, Scottish League One and Scottish Championship league titles to their impressive trophy haul, they have won every trophy in Scotland and have won more major trophies than any football club in the world.

The club colours of Rangers F.C. are royal blue, white and red.
The team's home strip invariably features a royal blue shirt (often with white and/or red trim). Traditionally this is accompanied by white shorts (often with royal blue and/or red trim) and black socks with red turn-downs. However when wearing the 'home strip' Rangers will occasionally alter the shorts and socks, sometimes replacing the black socks with white ones; or replacing the white shorts and black socks combination with royal blue shorts and socks.

The basic design of Rangers away strips has changed far more than the traditional home strip. White and red have been the most common predominant colours for Rangers alternate strips, though dark and light blue have also featured highly.

In recent years, Rangers have also introduced a third kit. This is usually worn if both the home and away kits clash with their opponents. The colours used range from light blue to red to a tangerine.



Yahya Khan

Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan (February 4, 1917 – August 10, 1980) was the third president of Islamic Republic of Pakistan from 1969 to 1971, following the resignation of Ayub Khan. He has one son, Ali Yahya and one daughter, Yasmeen Khan.

Yahya served in World War II and escaped from a Prisoner of War camp in Italy on his 3rd attempt, returned to independent Pakistan and fought for Pakistan in 1965. 

General Yahya became the Military Dictator of Pakistan in 1969, he was in charge of hosting free and fair general elections. The winner of the election was an East Pakistani Politician by the name of Mujibur Rahman, whose support was in East Pakistan, while the second biggest party headed by Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto had its support in West Pakistan. Zulfiqar pressured Yahya to not hand power. The unwillingness of handing over power and general frustration culminated in the March 25th Massacre or Operation Searchlight ordered by Yahya Khan, marking the beginning the Bangladesh Liberation war. 9 months later Pakistan's rival India joined the war with simultaneously resulted in an Indo-Pakistani war occurring during its own Civil War. The war ended with the Surrender of East Pakistani Forces and a ceasefire in West Pakistan. 

Following the war, Yahya Khan handed over the presidency to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, he was under house arrest till 1979. He lived a quiet life in Rawalpindi and eventually died in 1980. 


Pakistan People's Party

The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP, ) is a centre-left Islamic Socialist political party in Pakistan affiliated to the Socialist International. To date, its leader has always been a member of the Bhutto family. The Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians (PPPP) is a party formed in 2002 by the PPP for the purpose of complying with electoral rules governing Pakistani parties.

The party was founded on November 30 1967 by Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto who was also its first chairman. The party creed is: "Islam is our faith; democracy is our politics; socialism is our economy; all power to the people."
Although its center lies in the southern province of Sindh, it also has considerable support in the more densely populated province of Punjab and even Azad Jammu and Kashmir as Azad Kashmir People's Party (Pakistan People's Party Jammu and Kashmir). It is currently in power and has been running the government since 2008; this is the 4th time the party has been in power since the Partition of Pakistan.

Aksai Chin

Aksai Chin (, , Ākèsàiqīn) is a region 37,555 km² (16,481 sq mi) which lies at the juncture of China, Pakistan, and India. It consists of about one fifth of Kashmir and one of the driest place and true desert in the world that receive less rain than the Polar desert.

It is ruled by China but claimed by the Republic of India. Aksai Chin is one of the two main border disputes between India and China. The other is the dispute over Arunachal Pradesh. Aksai Chin (the name literally means "Chin's desert of white stones") is a very large high-altitude hot desert of salt with sand dunes and yareta (a type of cushioned plants) that reaches heights up to 4,500 metres. It covers an area of 37,555 km² (16,481 sq mi) of the disputed territory. Geographically part of the Tibetan Plateau, Aksai Chin itself is a plateau and it is often called the "Soda Plain". The region is almost uninhabited, has no permanent settlements, and receives no rain or snow as the Himalayan and other mountains block the rains from the Indian monsoon. Pakistan recognizes it as part of China, however India has objected to this and claims all the territory. In boundary talks in 1960 Chinese officials shown a map drawn by General Staff of the Chinese Army in 1918 shows the territory as part of China. However the map was not published hence it's authenticity is doubtful although another document in 1943 created by Bureau of Survey of Chinese Ministry of National Defence shows all of the territory as part of China.


Bury St Edmunds

Bury St Edmunds is a town in the county of Suffolk, England. It is the main town in the borough of St. Edmundsbury and known for the ruined abbey near the town centre. The town linked to the Magna Carta; in 1214 the barons of England are believed to have met in the Abbey Church and promised to force King John to accept the Charter of Liberties, the document which influenced the creation of the Magna Carta. It was also the setting for two witch trials. one of which was used as a reference in the Salem Witch Trials. During the Second World War, the USAAF operated an airfield outside the town. It is also called 'Suffolk's Floral Town' due to the abbey gardens and amounts of rural land.

Near the gardens stands Great Britain's first internally illuminated street sign called the "Pillar of Salt". When built, it needed permission because it did not conform to regulations. Bury St Edmunds is where the A1101 road, Britain's lowest road, ends. There is a network of tunnels which prove that chalk-workings took place nearby, though there is no evidence of a lot of tunnels under the town centre. Some buildings have cellars which lead into each other. Due to their unsafe nature the chalk-workings are not open to the public, although viewing is allowed to some people. Some tunnels have caused subsidence in living history.

Among interesting buildings is St Mary's Church. The Tudor King Henry VIII's sister, Mary Tudor, was re-buried in Bury's St Mary's Church, after being moved from the Abbey after her brother's dissolution of the Church six year after her death. Queen Victoria had a stained glass window fitted into the church to commemorate Mary's interment.

On 3 March, 1974 a Turkish Airlines DC-10 jet crashed near Paris in France killing all 346 people on board. Among the victims were 17 members of Bury St Edmunds rugby club.

The town council election on 3 May 2007 was won by the "Abolish Bury Town Council" party. The party lost its majority following a by-election in June 2007 and, to date, the Town Council is still in existence.

The name "borough" comes from of "Bury", which has cognates in other Germanic languages such as the Old Norse "borg" meaning "wall, castle"; and Gothic "baurgs" meaning "city". They all derive from Proto-Germanic "*burgs" meaning "fortress". This in turn derives from the Proto-Indo-European root "*bhrgh" meaning "fortified elevation", with cognates including Welsh "bera", "stack" and Sanskrit bhrant- "high, elevated building".

In the centre of Bury St Edmunds there is the remains of an abbey, surrounded by the Abbey Gardens, a park. The abbey is a shrine to Saint Edmund, the Saxon King of the East Angles, who was killed by the Danes in 869AD. The town grew around Bury St Edmunds Abbey, a site of pilgrimage, and developed into a flourishing cloth-making town by the 14th century.

The abbey was largely destroyed during the 16th century with the dissolution of the monasteries but Bury remained prosperous throughout the 17th and 18th centuries. It fell into relative decline with the industrial revolution.

The Abbey Gardens which surround the ruins had an Internet bench installed in the late 1990s, which portable computers to connect to the Internet. It was the first bench of its kind, though within the first week two teenagers discovered they could also make free telephone calls from the bench. They phoned the Borough Council (owner of the bench) to notify them, then attempted to contact Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft, to tell him.

Bury St Edmunds Cathedral was created when the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich was formed in 1914. The cathedral was extended with an eastern end in the 1960s, commemorated by Benjamin Britten's Fanfare for St Edmundsbury, and a new Gothic revival cathedral tower was built as part of a millennium project running from 2000 to 2005. The opening for the tower took place in July 2005, and included a brass band concert and fireworks. Parts of the cathedral remain uncompleted, including the cloisters. Many areas remain inaccessible to the public due to building work. The tower makes St Edmundsbury the only recently completed Anglican cathedral in the UK, and only a handful of Gothic revival cathedrals are being built worldwide. The tower was constructed using original fabrication techniques by six masons who placed the machine pre-cut stone individually as they arrived.

The Theatre Royal, Bury St Edmunds was built by National Gallery architect William Wilkins in 1819. It is the sole surviving Regency Theatre in the country . The theatre, owned by the National Trust underwent restoration between 2005 and 2007. Appeal patron Dame Judi Dench: It presents a full programme of performances and is also open for public tours.

Moyse's Hall Museum is one of the oldest (c. 1180) domestic buildings in East Anglia open to the public. It has collections of fine art, for example Mary Beale, costume, e.g. Charles Frederick Worth, horology, local and social history; including Red Barn Murder and Witchcraft.

The town holds a festival in May. This including concerts, plays, dance, and lecturers culminating in fireworks. Bury St Edmunds is home to England's oldest Scout group, 1st Bury St Edmunds (Mayors Own).

The town's football club, Bury Town, are the fourth oldest non-league team in England. They are members of the Isthmian League Division One North.

The Greene King brewery is in Bury. The other brewery is The Old Cannon Brewery and public house on Cannon Street near the railway station. The brewing vessels, made for an exhibition in Japan in 1997, can be seen in the front room. Just outside the town is Bartrums Brewery, on Rougham airfield but originally in Thurston.

Another beer-related landmark is Britain's smallest public house, The Nutshell, which is on The Traverse, just off the marketplace.

Bury's largest landmark is the British Sugar factory near the A14, which processes sugar beet into refined crystal sugar. It was built in 1925 and processes beet from 1,300 growers. 660 lorry loads of beet can be accepted each day when beet is being harvested. Not all the beet can be crystallised immediately, and some is kept in solution in holding tanks until late spring and early summer, when the plant has spare crystallising capacity. The sugar is sold under the Silver Spoon name (the other major British brand, Tate & Lyle, is made from imported sugar cane). By-products include molassed sugar beet feed for cattle and LimeX70, a soil improver.

Notable people from Bury St Edmunds include artist and printer Sybil Andrews, actor Bob Hoskins, theatre director Sir Peter Hall, artist and water deviner Neil Stalley, author Maria Lousie de la Ramé (also known as Ouida), World War II Canadian general Guy Simonds and the 18th century landscape architect Humphry Repton, as well as Thomas Clarkson fact-finder behind the abolition of the slave trade.

Notable bands from Bury St Edmunds include Jacob's Mouse, Miss Black America, The Dawn Parade and Kate Jackson (of The Long Blondes)

Although not from Bury St Edmunds, BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel lived nearby in Great Finborough and on 12 November 2004 his funeral took place at the cathedral. It was attended by a thousand people including many artists he had championed. During a peak of local musical activity in Bury St Edmunds in 2002, he referred (tongue-in-cheek) to the town as 'The New Seattle'.

Actor Ian McShane was given freedom of the borough in 1996 after he played the title role in the television series Lovejoy, filmed in and around Bury.

Bury St Edmunds is birthplace of James Moore winner of the world's first cycle race and of the first long-distance road race, from Paris to Rouen



Muhammad ibn al-Qasim

Muhammad bin Qasim al-Thaqafi () was an Arab general of the Islamic Umayyad Caliphate who attacked the Sindh and Punjab regions along the Indus River (now a part of Pakistan). The conquest of Sindh and Punjab began the Islamic era in South Asia and continues to lend the Sindh province of Pakistan the name "Baab-e-Islam" (The Gateway of Islam). Muhammad bin Qasim defeated Raja Dahir, the last Hindu king of Sindh and killed him at the banks of the Indus River in Sindh near modern day Nawabshah. Dahir's body was beheaded and his head was sent to Baghdad to be shown to the Umayyad governor of Baghdad, Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf. After defeating Raja Dahir, Muhammad bin Qasim conquered and annexed Sindh and the city of Multan in southern Punjab into the Umayyad Caliphate. Thus, he had captured the entire Sindh and also Multan. Sindh and South Punjab became the easternmost provinces of the Umayyad Caliphate and remained in Arab Muslim hands until the conquests of Mahmud of Ghazni.

United States Army Air Force

The United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II. It was the direct precursor to the United States Air Force, established in 1947. At its peak strength in 1944, the USAAF had over 2.4 million men and women in service, nearly 80,000 aircraft and 783 permanent bases, and operated from more than 2,000 airfields worldwide.
The Air Corps became the Army Air Forces in June 1941 to provide the air arm a greater autonomy in which to expand more efficiently, and to provide a structure for the additional command echelons required by a vastly increased force. Although other nations already had separate air forces independent of the army or navy (such as the British Royal Air Force and the German Luftwaffe), the USAAF remained a part of the United States Army.

Salem Witch Trials

The Salem Witch Trials were a series of county court trials which accused people of being witches. The Salem Witch Trials involved two kinds of trials. First, court hearings were held before local magistrates; then trials were held in county court. The witch trials were held in Essex, Suffolk and Middlesex Counties of colonial Massachusetts, between February 1692 and May 1693.

In February 1692, two young girls in Salem Village, Betty Parris and Abigail Williams, began twisting themselves into strange shapes and speaking meaningless words. Betty’s father called a doctor, who said that witches had invaded Salem Village and were bewitching the girls. The girls accused people they didn’t like of being witches. 

During the Trials, over 150 people accused of witchcraft were arrested and put in jail. Even more people were accused, but were never formally charged by the authorities. Twenty-nine people were convicted (or found guilty) of witchcraft, which was a capital felony. Nineteen of these people - fourteen women and five men - were hanged on Gallows Hill in present-day Salem, Massachusetts. Another man, Giles Corey, refused to enter a plea of guilty or not guilty. Authorities tortured him to try to force him to confess or enter a plea. Corey was crushed to death under heavy stones. At least five more of the accused died in prison.

The trials were held in Salem. Accused witches from surrounding areas were brought to Salem to be tried for witchcraft. The best-known trials were held by the Court of Oyer and Terminer in 1692 in Salem Town. All twenty-six people who went to trial before this court were convicted. In 1693, there were also four sessions of the Superior Court of Judicature in Salem. During these court sessions, thirty-one accused witches were tried for practicing witchcraft, but only three were convicted.

A much later Ipswich Witch Trial was held in 1878, and was called the second Salem witch trial.

Baron

Baron is a title of honour in many European peerage systems. It is often a hereditary title that ranks as the one of the lower titles in a peerage. In the UK peerage system, the five peerage titles from highest to lowest are duke, marquess, earl, viscount and baron. Baronets and knights are not members of the peerage although a baron may also be a knight. In the feudalism of medieval England a baron was a tenant-in-chief who held his lands directly from the king. During the 13th century barons were summoned by royal writ to attend Parliament.

The word baron comes from Old French "baron", itself from Frankish "baro" meaning "freeman, warrior". It later merged with Old English "beorn" meaning "nobleman." The lands of a baron are called a barony. The female title for a baron is baroness. The form of address for a baron is "Lord" and for a baroness "Lady".

Telephone box

A telephone box or phone booth is a public kiosk enclosing a payphone. It is usually an item of street furniture, though some may be inside a building.

United Kingdom telephone boxes were designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott and were common in the UK, Malta and Gibraltar. The colour red was chosen to make them easy to spot. Because of the growth of mobile phones, telephone boxes are steadily being removed.



Running gag

A running gag is an humorous joke or reference that is used several times in a work or series of works. A famous example of a running gag is the Couch gag in the opening of The Simpsons.

Harran

Harran, also known as Carrhae, is a district of Şanlıurfa Province in the southeast of Turkey.

Harran is an ancient city which was a major Mesopotamian commercial, cultural, and religious center. It is a valuable archaeological site. It is often identified as the place in which Abraham lived before he reached Canaan.

The city was the chief home of the Mesopotamian moon-god Sin, under the Babylonians and even into Roman times.

Carrhae is an ancient town on the site that doesn't exist anymore. It gave its name to the Battle of Carrhae (53 BC), fought between the Roman Republic and the Parthian Empire.

Harran's ruins are from Roman, Sabian, and Islamic times. T. E. Lawrence surveyed the site, and an Anglo-Turkish excavation was begun in 1951.



Phil O'Donnell

Phillip "Phil" O'Donnell (25 March 1972 – 29 December 2007) was a Scottish football player. O'Donnell played for Motherwell, Celtic and Sheffield Wednesday over the course of his career. He died from a cardiac arrest after collapsing on the pitch on 29 December 2007.

On 29 December 2007, O'Donnell collapsed during a game against Dundee United just as he was about to be substituted. He was treated on the pitch for about five minutes by the Motherwell and Dundee United club doctors before being taken by ambulance to Wishaw General Hospital. However, he was pronounced dead at 17.18 hours. He was 35 years of age, married and had four children.

A postmortem examination was carried out on 1 January 2008 and it was revealed O'Donnell died of left ventricular failure. His funeral was on 4 January, at St Mary's church in Hamilton.

Former Scottish First Minister Jack McConnell, MSP for Motherwell and Wishaw, was among those to pay tribute. He hailed the midfielder as a "great professional." He said, "as captain he helped transform Motherwell this season. Phil will be sadly missed by his family and by football fans but he will be mourned by the whole community."

The player was described as a "perfect gentleman" by former Scotland coach Craig Brown. He said: "It's very, very sad news, I just can't get over it. You would not get a more ideal role model for a young footballer than Phil O'Donnell. I think in his first spell at Motherwell he was probably the best box-to-box midfield player – maybe not just in Scotland but in the UK."

Motherwell and other fans laid flowers, scarves, strips and other mementos at the gates of Fir Park. The club's scheduled SPL game against Hibs at Easter Road the following Wednesday was postponed along with the club's home game with Celtic the following Sunday out of respect. Scottish Premier League chairman Lex Gold said: "We understand from Phil's family that they would appreciate it if the Motherwell v Celtic game scheduled for 6 January 2008 could be postponed. Both clubs are happy to meet the request and we have called the game off." On 31 December, the SPL postponed the Celtic v Rangers fixture scheduled for 2 January 2008 following a request by O'Donnell's former club Celtic, which was agreed by Rangers.

Players in 30 December's English Premier League matches between Derby County and Blackburn Rovers, and Manchester City and Liverpool F.C., wore black bands in his honour. Sheffield Wednesday's matches at Hull City and at home to Preston North End were preceded by a minutes applause as a mark of respect to their former player, with the Hillsborough flags flying at half-mast. All English Premiership ties in the New Year programme were preceded with either a minute of applause or silence in O'Donnell's memory. Everton and Scottish striker James McFadden, who played with O'Donnell at Motherwell, dedicated his goal to O'Donnell in Everton's 2–0 win at Middlesbrough by pointing solemnly to his black armband and then towards the sky.

Thousands of tributes from around the world have been posted on the internet. Motherwellfc.co.uk has received hundreds of written tributes from fans as far as Korea and Ukraine, as well as many emotional messages from Sevilla F.C., comparing O'Donnell's death to the similar tragedy of Antonio Puerta earlier in the season. Sevilla F.C. director of football Ramon Rodríguez Monchi said, "This is terrible news. Right now, my thoughts are with Phil's family and everybody at Motherwell. Unfortunately, with the death of Phil O'Donnell, Motherwell have suffered a similar tragedy to ours. Antonio Puerta died at the beginning of the season and I know how terrible the whole experience is. Sevilla will be available to help in any way that we are able, to heal the pain and sadness of this tragic loss."

Motherwell announced the Main Stand at Fir Park will be renamed The Phil O'Donnell Stand as a permanent tribute and Phil's team-mates will pay their own personal tribute by having his signature embroidered on their strips for the remainder of the 2007/08 season.

On 25 May 2008, a benefit match was held at Celtic Park in memory of O'Donnell with the proceeds going to various charities. The match was between a Celtic F.C. side drawn from their 1998 title winning squad and a Motherwell F.C. side drawn from their 1991 Scottish Cup win. Other players such as David Clarkson and James McFadden played in the game. Henrik Larsson described the match as "a sad occasion but at the same time it's a kind of celebration for everything." The match finished 5-1, in front of 60,000.

Toronto Blue Jays

The Toronto Blue Jays (nicknamed the Jays) is a Major League Baseball team in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. They are part of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball's American League. This means that they use the designated hitter rule in most of their games. Its president & CEO is Mark Shapiro, its general manager is Ross Atkins, and its coach and manager is John Schneider. The team plays 162 games every year, which can be seen on television and heard on radio all across Canada.

The Blue Jays were founded in 1977 and are the only MLB team from Canada or anywhere outside of the United States, but they have not been the only one or even the first. There were also the Montreal Expos, which was formed in 1969, eight years before the Jays. However, the Expos moved to Washington, D.C. in 2004 (becoming the Washington Nationals). As part of the National League, which does not use the designated hitter rule, the Expos became rivals to the Blue Jays. People loved to see the two teams play against each other, since they were the only two MLB teams from Canada. The two teams played in a rivalry called the Pearson Cup, which lasted until the Expos moved.

The first stadium used by the Blue Jays was Exhibition Stadium, part of Exhibition Place, in Downtown Toronto, near the waterfront. The team became popular, and in 1989 they moved to a larger stadium to the east, the "SkyDome". It was the first in the world to have a retractable roof, and is just a few blocks away from the Air Canada Centre and Union Station. The SkyDome hosted the Major League Baseball All-Star Game in 1991. It is now called Rogers Centre, taking its name from Rogers Communications, a telecommunications company who owns the team.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Blue Jays played their home games in the United States because of border restrictions in Canada. They would first play at TD Ballpark in Dunedin, Florida. This is also the spring training park for the Blue Jays. The Jays would also play at Sahlen Field in Buffalo, New York, home of the Jays' Triple-a affiliate Buffalo Bisons. This would last until July 30, 2021 when the Jays returned to Canada and the Rogers Center.

The Blue Jays won the World Series twice, first in 1992 against the Atlanta Braves and again the next year, in 1993. They won their second World Series on Joe Carter's walk-off home run against the Philadelphia Phillies in the last inning of Game 6 on October 23, 1993, for a final score of 7-6. In both of those years, the team won American League East division titles (having the best win-loss record in their division). Others years in which the Jays won division titles were in 1985, 1989, 1991, and most recently in 2015. They also went to the playoffs as a wild card team in 2016, 2020, 2022, and 2023.

Toronto Raptors

The Toronto Raptors are a Canadian professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They are based in Toronto. They were started in 1995. They play their home games at Scotiabank Arena. They are the only NBA team currently playing in Canada.

For the 2019 season, the Raptors won the Eastern Conference Finals for the first time in the team's history. Because of this, they also got the chance to play in the NBA Finals for the first time in their history. They won the NBA Finals against the two-time defending champion Golden State Warriors in six games and became the first Canadian team to win an NBA Final. Kawhi Leonard was named the Finals MVP for the second time in his career.

Toronto Argonauts

The Toronto Argonauts are the Canadian Football League team in Toronto. The team was started in 1873 by the Argonaut Rowing Club.



TD Canada Trust

TD Canada Trust is the personal, small business and commercial banking operation of The Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) in Canada. It was created when two banks merged, Toronto Dominion and Canada Trust in 2000.


Pocoyo

Pocoyo is a Spanish children's television series that aired for four series since 2005. Pocoyo does not talk very much. He has a few friends, including a bird named Baby Bird, an elephant named Elly, an octopus named Fred, a dog named Loula, a duck named Pato and a girl named Nina who also does not talk very much, but also speaks her own launguage.



Part One
Part Two

Potato chip

A potato chip (also known as a potato crisp in the United Kingdom) is a thin slices of potato that have been baked or fried and lightly salted or seasoned. Some popular flavors of potato chips are: salt and vinegar, ketchup, sour cream and onion. They are one of the most important snack foods in Western nations. In England, they are called "Crisps". In America, they are called "Potato chips". 

In the 1790s, Thomas Jefferson brought thick french fries to the United States from France. However, a customer at a restaurant at the Moon Lake Lodge in Saratoga Springs, New York, was making the chef, George Crum, angry by saying that the fries were not thin enough. Finally, George Crum became so angry he decided to exaggerate. He sliced the potatoes so thinly they could not even be pierced with a fork. Then he put them in ice water for 30 minutes. After he fried and salted them, he gave them to the customer - who, to his surprise, loved them. First named "Saratoga Chips" in 1853, it later became well known as "potato chips". George Crum later opened his own restaurant that served his special potato chips.



York University

York University (French: "Université York"), is a Canadian university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. York University is Canada's third largest university. It first opened in 1959. 

University of Toronto

The University of Toronto is a university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was created by the King of the United Kingdom in 1827, many years before Canada became a country. The university is made up of 12 different colleges where students live and study. These colleges all have their own buildings, dining halls and libraries. Some colleges relate to Christian churches, but other colleges are not religious. The university also has hospitals and many places for research.

In teaching, the University of Toronto is known for its ideas about literature and communication. It is also the place where insulin and stem cells were first found. Its people built the first electron microscope, found the first black hole, and began a touchscreen technology called multi-touch. It is the university that has the most money and research work in Canada. The university's sports teams are called the Varsity Blues, and they have very long histories in American football and ice hockey. The University of Toronto has been ranked as one of the top universities in the world.


Brampton, Ontario

Brampton ( or ) is the third-largest city in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. It is in the Peel Region. At the time of the 2006 Canadian census, Brampton's population was 433,806 people. Brampton is now the 11th largest city in Canada.

Brampton was made into a village in 1853. It took its name from the town of Brampton, England. Brampton was once known as The Flower Town of Canada. It was called this because of the city's large greenhouse industry. Today, the city is the home of the national headquarters of Loblaw Companies, HBC/Zellers, Brita, Clorox and other companies. The city is also home to Canadian Forces Army Reserve unit The Lorne Scots (Peel, Dufferin and Halton Regiment).

In 1834, a man named John Elliott divided land into lots and started to sell these lots. He called the area "Brampton", and others started to do the same.

In 1853 Brampton was made into a village. During that year a small agricultural fair was started. The fair took place at the corner of Main street and Queen street. Grains, produce, and dairy products as well as Horses and cattle were sold at the fair. This fair became what is now called the Brampton Fall Fair.

The village of Brampton built its first public library in 1887. In 1907, the village got money from Andrew Carnegie to build a new library building.

Edward Dale, an immigrant from Dorking, England, opened a flower nursery in Brampton after he got to the town in 1863. Dale's Nursery became the town's largest employer, and began to export flowers around the world. The company became a town landmark, until Brampton Town Council allowed the building to be torn down in 1977. The company once had 140 greenhouses, and was the largest flower business in North America. The company also brought about the development of other nurseries in the town. Brampton became the home 48 flower nurseries.

In 1963, the town started calling itself the "Flower Town of Canada". On 24 June 2002 Brampton City Council started the "Flower City Strategy". They wanted to show the town's history of growing flowers using this strategy. In 2007 the Rose Theatre was opened
and the city started taking part in the Communities in Bloom competition as a part of their strategy.

On October 28, 2007, the Brampton Civic Hospital was opened. The Brampton Civil Hospital was built to replace the old Peel Memorial Hospital which had been closed for renovations. Since Peel Memorial Hospital closed, the residents of Brampton have not been sure what is going to happen to it. Many residents want the hospital to be re-opened. They do not think the Brampton Civic Hospital is large enough for the size of Brampton.

In September of 2007, the Rose Theatre opened in Brampton. The theatre is seen as the start of a rebuilding of Brampton's downtown . Since the theatre opened, new businesses have opened in Brampton, and old businesses have renovated.


Greater Toronto Area

The Greater Toronto Area (GTA) is the metropolitan area that includes Toronto and the surrounding cities such as Mississauga, Brampton, Markham and Vaughan. It is the most populous metropolitan area in Canada.

GTA

GTA may refer to:



James Cameron

James Francis Cameron (born August 16, 1954) is a Canadian Academy and Golden Globe Award winning movie director. He is also an oceanographer. He is best known for his hit movies "The Terminator", "Aliens", "Titanic", and "Avatar".

The World Ends with You

The World Ends with You, released in Japan as is an action role-playing game made by Square Enix and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS game console.


Stroller

A stroller (Canada & U.S.A.) or pram (U.K) is a hand-pushed vehicle to carry babies and young infants. More general terms include child carrier, baby transport or baby carrier.

They're criticised for reducing physical activity, a study in toronto concluded it could increase obesity by reducing physical exercise.

Strollers (including foldable ones) are also hard to carry in public transportation, take place when stored, and several designs are criticised.

They are also one of the most expensive pieces of furniture for babies. Theft of those is reported to happen, sometimes bycicle locks have been used to prevent them from being stolen.

Strollers are not absolutely necessary for a baby, but they can be a great convenience for parents. Strollers can provide a safe and comfortable way to transport a baby, and can be a great way to get out and about with a baby. Ultimately, whether or not strollers are necessary for a baby depends on a variety of factors, including lifestyle, living situation, and personal preference. While strollers can be a helpful tool for many parents, they are not a requirement for raising a healthy and happy baby.

There are several different types of strollers:

Bomberman Land Touch!

Bomberman Land Touch! (Touch! Bomberman Land DS in Japan) is a Puzzle/Mini-game collection video game made by Hudson Soft and published by Hudson Soft, Atlus, Rising Star Games, Red Ant Enterprises and Nintendo in many different places for the Nintendo DS game console.


Bomberman

Bomberman is a series of video games created by Hudson Soft, now owned by Konami, and still has many games released to this day.

Bomberman is also the name of the character himself, who is the subject of the games. Most of these games revolve around him escaping a maze or solving a puzzle using bombs, defeating enemies, and reaching the end goal, whether a door or a solved puzzle. 

Bomberman is also known for its multiplayer mode, in which anywhere from 2 to 64 players can fight to the death to determine the winner. One wins when they are the last one standing. Collectible items have multiple effects, from increasing maximum bombs at once, to increasing explosion range of bombs, to even applying a negative effect to the player, like causing them to spin rapidly or throw bombs endlessly, usually resulting in the players death. 

Only a few games have strayed from the simple 2d formula, with good examples being the Nintendo 64 games, in which Bomberman was played in 3rd person, and used bombs to solve puzzles like unlocking waterways and opening gates. 

Prince Sports

Prince Sports, Inc. is an American manufacturer of equipment for racquet sports. It is based in Bordentown, New Jersey.


Dustin Pedroia

Dustin Luis Pedroia (born August 17, 1983 in Woodland, California) is a Major League Baseball player for the Boston Red Sox. He played college baseball at Arizona State University. He is and . He won the 2007 American League Rookie of the Year award.


Apollo 11

Apollo 11 was the first flight to send people to the moon. It was done by NASA, the American space group.
It went up to space on July 16, 1969, carrying three astronauts: Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins. On July 20, 1969, Armstrong and Aldrin became the first humans to land on the moon, while Collins stayed in orbit around the Moon.

The flight was part of the Space Race. It finished the plan set by John F. Kennedy in 1961 to "land a man on the moon, and return him safely to the Earth", before the 1960s ended.

Millions of people around the world viewed the flight of Apollo 11 on television. When the rocket was sent to space it was a worldwide event. Richard Nixon, who was then President, watched it from the White House as the rocket went up. A Saturn V rocket took flight from the Kennedy Space Center in America.

About two hours after leaving Earth the passenger module departed the main rocket. The passenger module had two main parts, the Apollo command and service module called "Columbia" and the Apollo Lunar Module called "Eagle". "Columbia" was the space ship that stayed in space, and "Eagle" was the moon-landing space ship. 3 days later the team entered Lunar Orbit (orbit around the moon). A day later the "Eagle" went away from "Columbia". The "Eagle" landed safely on the moon with Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin inside. During the landing, there were several problems with the computer. To land safely Armstrong had to fly the "Eagle" himself. They landed with only 25 seconds of fuel left.

The first thing Buzz Aldrin did upon touch down was to pray. He also read some words of Jesus. He did not reveal his plan to do this because someone had just made a lawsuit to stop astronauts from doing religious things in space. Armstrong became the first human to walk and speak on the moon's surface. The first words he said were:

For the next two and a half hours Aldrin and Armstrong took notes, pictures and made holes to get moon rock. The landings were watched by over six million people on Earth using the very big radio telescope in Australia. They did many experiments, for example, the collecting of moon rocks and dust. An American flag was set up and photographed on the moon. Before doing that, President Richard Nixon did a telephone call to them:
After finishing their work, Armstrong and Aldrin returned to the "Eagle" and slept for seven hours before starting to leave. While preparing to leave, Aldrin broke the circuit breaker in the engine starter. Armstrong used a pen to bridge the circuit and stop them from being stuck on the moon. Aldrin and Armstrong left many things on the moon: an American flag, a few experiments, a golden feather, a logo of Apollo 1 and some bronze coins honoring Yuri Gagarin and Vladimir Komarov. He also left a sign on the moon, with a message from the human race. The sign reads:

On July 24 the three astronauts returned to Earth and were immediately placed into quarantine (kept away from other people), in case they brought back some disease from the moon. They stayed in quarantine for three weeks. When they got out the men were heroes around the world. They had dinner with President Nixon, a parade in New York City and another one in Chicago. The three were also on many television shows.



Roger Clemens

William Roger Clemens (born August 4, 1962 in Dayton, Ohio) was an American starting pitcher in Major League Baseball. Clemens played in the major leagues for 24 seasons for the Boston Red Sox, Toronto Blue Jays, New York Yankees, and Houston Astros, from to . Clemens has won seven Cy Young Awards, two more than any other pitcher.


Universal Music Group

Universal Music Group is a company that runs four record labels in the music industry. It is the largest business group and family of record labels in the world. It started in 1934 as "Decca Records USA" and had some other names, before it became "Universal Music Group" in 1996. The company is based in Santa Monica, California.

UMG controls 25.5% of the market share. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of French company Vivendi; Universal Studios, the movie studio, was sold in part to NBC, which itself is part of GE. UMG owns the largest music publishing business in the world, Universal Music Publishing Group, following the acquisition of BMG Music Publishing in May 2007. Vivendi's headquarters are in Paris, France. In the United States, UMG is in Santa Monica, California, and New York City, along with Universal Music Group Nashville; in the UK the group has a number of offices in London and Romford.

"Universal Music" was once the music company for the movie studio Universal Pictures. MCA Inc. bought American Decca in 1962. Seagram, the owner of MCA, would buy PolyGram in 1998 to form Universal Music Group (which had been MCA before 1996).

The branches of "UMG" now count Capitol Records, Virgin Records, Interscope Records, A&M Records, Geffen Records (Nirvana/Happy Tree Friends), Island Records and Def Jam Recordings.

On September 24, 1991, Nevermind was released by Nirvana and then on December 24, 1999, Happy Tree Friends was launched, later the animated web show acquired by Nirvana, LLC., Geffen Records and UMG for $75,000,000 by 2024 in Seattle.

In 2007, Universal bought BMG's music publishing branch and folded it into the "Universal Music Publishing" division.

In 2012, Universal bought most of EMI's music recordings. After the buyout, Universal then sold some labels such as V2, Sanctuary, Mute, and Parlophone.

Universal Music has announced that it will develop an online site for music videos inspired by Hulu.com, the site setup by News Corp and NBC that allows free streaming of television shows. This website is named Vevo, and its music videos have been watched billions of times on YouTube. The company is also supported by musicians such as Marc Engelhard and, conversely, also refers to them.


Dundee United F.C.

Dundee United Football Club is a professional football club from Dundee, Scotland. They currently play in the Scottish Championship. The manager is Micky Mellon. In the 2018-19 season, they finished 2nd in the Championship behind Ross County. The club failed to regain promotion to the Premiership after losing the Premiership play-off against St. Mirren 2-0 on penalties. Dundee United won the 1982-83 Scottish Premier Division, and the Scottish Cup in 1994 and 2010.


Dundee United's home ground throughout their history has been Tannadice Park, located on Tannadice Street in the Clepington area of the city. It is situated only away from Dens Park, home of rivals Dundee F.C.; the two stadia are the closest senior football grounds anywhere in the United Kingdom.

The club have only ever played one home fixture at another venue. This was a League Cup tie against Rangers in March 1947, when despite snow rendering Tannadice unplayable, the match was able to go ahead across the road at Dens Park.

The age and proximity of their stadia has led to the possibility of both clubs moving to a new, purpose-built shared stadium being discussed on various occasions. The most recent and serious proposal for this was put forward as part of Scotland's bid to joint-host the 2008 European Football Championship, with several clubs seeking to benefit from a new stadium with planning permission given to a proposed site at Caird Park. Special dispensation was requested to proceed with the proposal, as rules at the time forbade SPL teams from groundsharing. Following Scotland's failed bid to host the tournament, the scheme was shelved for the time being, although the plan was raised again in June 2008 following doubts about joint-host Ukraine's ability to stage Euro 2012 with the Scottish Football Association keen as alternative hosts.


Two Hands

Two Hands is a movie released on 29 July 1999. It was made in Australia by director Gregor Jordan. The movie was the debut for actor Heath Ledger. It won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Film in 1999. The movie was played at the Sundance Film Festival in the United States.

Paisley, Renfrewshire

Paisley () is a town near Glasgow, Scotland. It is home to the Scottish Premier League association football team, St Mirren F.C.

Paisley is the largest town and fifth largest settlement in Scotland.


Dani Güiza

Daniel Gonzalez Güiza (born August 17 1980, Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz) is a Spanish football player.

He started his football career at Xerez CD in 1999. He scored 27 goals and he became a top scorer when he was at Mallorca in 2007/2008 season. He was then transferred to Fenerbahçe. He was called for the first time to Spanish National Football Team in 2008; in Euro 2008 he scored 2 goals.

Kilmarnock

Kilmarnock (; locally known as "Killie") is a large burgh in East Ayrshire, Scotland, with 44,170 people. It is roughly between Glasgow and Ayr, and is the second largest town in Ayrshire. The River Irvine runs through its eastern section, and the Kilmarnock Water passes through it, giving rise to the name 'Bank Street'.

The name comes from the Gaelic "cill" ("cell"), and the name of Saint Marnoch or Mernoc who is also remembered in the name of Portmarnock in Ireland, and Inchmarnock. It may come from the three Gaelic elements "mo", 'my', "Ernán" (name of the saint) and the diminutive "ag", giving "Church of My Little Ernán". Some people think that the saint founded a church there in the 7th century. There are 12 Church of Scotland congregations in the town, plus other denominations. In 2005, the Reverend David W. Lacy, minister of the town's Henderson Church, was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.

The core of the early town appears to have lain around what is now the Laigh Kirk (Low Church), although the oldest parts of the current building are no earlier than the 17th century, extending north and northwest. A comparatively modest settlement until the industrial revolution, Kilmarnock extended considerably from around 1800 onwards. This resulted in formal, planned developments such as King Street, Portland Street, Saint Marnock Street, and latterly John Finnie Street; the latter often suggested as one of the finest Victorian planned streets in Scotland.

Areas of Kilmarnock include:

Kilmarnock's traditional industries were based around textiles and heavy engineering: e.g. locomotives (Andrew Barclay and Sons) from 1837 through 1970, and valves (Glenfield and Kennedy), which are still in production; and carpets (manufactured by BMK) from the early 1900s.

The carpets manufactured in Kilmarnock were internationally known for their quality and intricacy since the late 1800s. Many locations around the world chose to install BMK carpets. Famously, RMS Titanic was carpeted using carpets manufactured by Stoddard Carpets, the parent company and successor to BMK. Primarily due to a move by the UK market towards laminated and hard-wood flooring, but also partially due to a long decline in the industry in the area as well as cheaper, but noticeably less hard-wearing foreign competition, carpet-making finally ceased in Kilmarnock in early 2005.

Archibald Finnie and his family lived at Springhill House (now a nursing home) near the Grange Academy. They owned many coal mines, pits and other companies in Springside and other places. John Finnie Street is named after one of the family. Shoes were also a major product for some time, with Saxone having a factory in the town on the site of where the Galleon leisure centre is now.

Kilmarnock had one of the earliest tram railways in the world, running to Troon over the (recently restored) Laigh Milton viaduct. The Glasgow and South Western Railway also set up their works here, producing nearly 400 locomotives by the time it was absorbed by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923. Some work continued, but heavy repairs were sent to St. Rollox. Locomotive repairs finished in 1952, and the works closed in 1959. Nevertheless locomotives are still made by Hunslett-Barclay, as well as the maintenance of existing diesel and electric multiple units.

From 1946 tractors were also built in Kilmarnock, with a large Massey-Harris factory present on the outskirts of the town. It later became Massey-Ferguson, before closing in 1980. Glenfield and Kennedy still survives albeit with a fraction of its former workforce, which at its height numbered in the thousands. Kilmarnock however is still home to the world famous Johnnie Walker's brand Scotch whisky. On the outskirts of the town is Scotland's first privately run prison, HM Prison Kilmarnock.

The textile and manufacturing sectors across Scotland suffered significant decline in the postwar period, and in particular from the 1960s, in the face of greater foreign competition. Kilmarnock was no exception, with the closure or significant reduction of many of its traditional large employers: Glenfield and Kennedy, Massey Ferguson, BMK, and Saxone. Although significant attempts have been made to halt this decline and attract new employers, Kilmarnock saw a continuing net loss of jobs in the five years to 2005.

Although traditionally a main shopping area for most of the surrounding districts, patterns have changed over the last 20 years; traditional centres such as Ayr have been joined by new developments at Braehead and East Kilbride.

This difficult economic climate is most visible in the town centre, the eastern part of which has been extensively redeveloped, with important historic buildings such as King Street Church and the Town Hall being demolished, and Duke Street (the link from Kilmarnock Cross to the Palace Theatre and out to the London Road) built over.

More recently Portland Street, which formed the northerly part of the main shopping area, lay abandoned for many years due to a decline in retail trade and in the face of possible comprehensive redevelopment. The street has now been redeveloped, but has not yet regained its former degree of popularity, with a Gala Bingo and a J.D. Wetherspoons taking up much of one side of the street and the rest largely occupied by chain stores.

In 2004, the "Rough Guide to Scotland" described the town as "shabby and depressed, saddled with some terrible shopping centres and a grim one-way system". The town, however, contains several parks such as Howard Park, Dean Park, and Kay Park, and residential areas including London Road, Dundonald Road, McLelland Drive, and Howard Park Drive. The town also boasts a collection of gift shops, cafes, bars, and restaurants within the very desirable Bank Street area, whilst offering retail options within its retail parks at Queen's Drive and Glencairn Square.

According to the local press in November 2007, the new SNP council have drawn up a "Top Ten Hit List" on 'eyesore' buildings in the town, and their owners and have revealed plans to crack down hard on property owners who have left their buildings fall into disrepair. A plan of action is being carried out to get something done with each of these sites. Many of the buildings in disrepair are irreplaceable listed buildings such as the former ABC cinema (previously the King's Theatre) on Titchfield Street.
A four-star hotel recently opened next to Rugby Park, the home of Kilmarnock F.C., and new restaurants, such as "Merchants" and the award winning "Jefferson Restaurant" have opened in the town centre.

Regeneration activities have been discussed for Kilmarnock town centre; in early 2006, an application to Historic Scotland's Conservation Area Regeneration Scheme was successful, and as of July 2006 an application under the Heritage Lottery Fund's Townscape Heritage Initiative Scheme was pending. Work has pretty much finished on a quality housing development on the gapsite of the former Kilmarnock Infirmary north of the town centre.

In the past there have been major efforts to improve the quality of life for residents in the town's worst housing estates, especially in parts of Shortlees, Longpark and Onthank. Though the physical rehabilitation of housing in these areas has partly tackled the underlying problems of social exclusion, Onthank is arguably that most successful area of regeneration in question.

Much new quality housing has been constructed on the northern fringes of the town, in order to service the demand for commuter housing. With a journey time of 20 minutes from Kilmarnock to Glasgow (roughly half that of the existing train service), the M77 motorway has transformed the link between Glasgow and Kilmarnock. The upgrading of the A77 route to Glasgow to the M77 motorway in 2005 has made Kilmarnock more accessible for commuters, and recent house price increases have reflected this.


In 1812, the famous Kilmarnock and Troon Railway opened, mainly to carry coal from the area to the harbour at Troon, but also carrying passengers.

In 1904, Kilmarnock had its own tramway system built. The name of the company was Kilmarnock Corporation Tramways. An electric power station was built in the south bank of the River Irvine at Riccarton. Overhead power lines and tram lines were laid. With continued upgrading and expansion, the tram network at its peak went from Ayr Road in Riccarton at its southerly point, to Knockinlaw Road in Beansburn in the North. At Kilmarnock Cross, the line had an easterly spur that stretched along London Road, through Crookedholm and finally terminating at Hurlford. There had been proposed extensions along Portland Road, up John Finnie Street, West Langlands Street and eventually towards Crosshouse, but by this time, increasing costs and the far more flexible motor bus had made inroads and the trams ceased operation in 1926 during the General Strike. The council decided not to restart the service and the infrastructure was soon dismantled. Today the town is served by Kilmarnock railway station.

Kilmarnock has excellent road links to Glasgow with the M77 motorway now extending as far as Fenwick.

Kilmarnock is on the main road between Edinburgh, Livingston, South Lanarkshire, and Ayrshire (Irvine).

Kilmarnock has 17 schools; 13 primary and four secondary. There is also a college in the town, Kilmarnock College, formerly Kilmarnock Technical College. The schools are managed by East Ayrshire Council.



The town is host to a football club named Kilmarnock F.C., the oldest professional club in Scotland. Their home ground is the curiously named Rugby Park. The reason for the name of the ground is that when founded, the club played both football and rugby. The club has the largest supporter base of any team outside Scotland's four major cities. Rugby Park was also one of the first football grounds in Scotland to have floodlights installed. In recent years the stadium has been modernised, firstly to bring it in line with the all-seating regulations, then rebuilt totally to make a new ground. It has also hosted international football matches as well as music concerts, the most recent one was when Elton John performed here in June 2005. Derek Olgavie is also a regular appearance in the Palace Theatre.

The town also regularly plays host to professional wrestling shows, promoted by the British Championship Wrestling promotion.

There are two golf courses in the town, Annanhill Golf Course and Caprington Golf Course, which has both an 18 hole course and a nine hole course. Both these courses are council owned and run by East Ayrshire Council.

The local leisure complexes include the Galleon Centre: with a 25 metre swimming pool, baby pool, ice rink, squash courts, sauna, gym, games hall, bar area, bowling green and the New Northwest Centre (formerly the Hunter Centre) which contains an up-to-date community gym and various local medical facilities.

A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings. Kilmarnock boasts a large number of listed buildings. The Dick Institute, opened in April 1901, was severely damaged by fire only eight years after it opened. Some of the museums collections were lost in the fire. It reopened two years after the fire in 1911. The Dick Institute was used as an Auxiliary Hospital in 1917 during World War One.It is now shared by the Arts and Museums Service, and the Libraries, Registration and Information Service. The two Art Galleries and three Museum Galleries house permanent and temporary displays of Fine Art, Contemporary Art and Craft, Local and Industrial History and Natural Sciences. The Lending Library, Audio Library, Junior Library, Reference Library, and Learning Centre are all housed on the ground floor.

The first collection of work by Scottish poet Robert Burns, "Poems, chiefly in the Scottish dialect" was published here in 1786. It was published at the current site of the Burn's Mall, dedicated to his work. This edition is known as the "Kilmarnock Edition".

Two areas of Kilmarnock, Ellerslie and Riccarton, are associated with William Wallace and his father. Claims have been made that this is the true origin of his birthplace, and recently these have been largely substantiated. The claim that Wallace was born in Elderslie near Paisley no longer seems tenable.

John Bowring, renowned polyglot and fourth governor of Hong Kong, was Member of Parliament for Kilmarnock in 1835.

In the castle of Kilmarnock, Dean Castle, there is an exhibition of armour and weapons, and the Van Raalte collection of musical instruments.


Kilmarnock - as part of East Ayrshire Council - is twinned with five European cites and has received awards from the Council of Europe for its work in twinning.



Falkirk

Falkirk is a town in Scotland. It is home to Scottish Premier League football club Falkirk F.C.

The article provides information about the town of Falkirk, located in the Central Lowlands of Scotland. It distinguishes between Falkirk, the town, and Falkirk, the council area. Falkirk is historically in the county of Stirlingshire and is situated in the Forth Valley, approximately 23.5 miles northwest of Edinburgh and 20.5 miles northeast of Glasgow.

At the 2001 UK Census, Falkirk had a population of 32,422, which increased to 34,570 by 2008. It serves as the main town and administrative center for the Falkirk council area, encompassing nearby towns like Grangemouth, Bo'ness, Denny, Camelon, Larbert, Stenhousemuir, and the Braes villages, with an overall population of 156,800.

Falkirk played a significant role in the Industrial Revolution, particularly in the iron and steel industry, supported by the Carron Company in nearby Carron. While heavy industry has declined in the last fifty years, Falkirk's economy now relies on retail and tourism. The town is home to international companies like Alexander Dennis, the largest bus production company in the UK.

The article mentions Falkirk's association with the publishing industry, highlighting the establishment of Johnston Press in 1846, which now produces the Falkirk Herald, the largest selling weekly newspaper in Scotland.

Key attractions in and around Falkirk include the Falkirk Wheel, The Helix, The Kelpies, Callendar House and Park, and remnants of the Antonine Wall. In a 2011 poll, Falkirk was voted as Scotland's most beautiful town.

The town's history is traced back to the Scottish Gaelic name "An Eaglais Bhreac," meaning "variegated church," which evolved into the Scots name "Fawkirk" and later to the modern English name "Falkirk." The Latin name Varia Capella also carries the same meaning. Falkirk has a long history, with its Old Parish Church potentially founded as early as the 7th century.

The Antonine Wall, similar to Hadrian's Wall, passed through Falkirk, marking the northern frontier of the Roman Empire. Evidence of Roman occupation, including a hoard of Roman coins and a tartan cloth thought to be the oldest recorded, has been found in Falkirk.

The town played a crucial role in Scotland's Industrial Revolution, with significant developments in the iron-casting industry, canal construction, and early railway development. Falkirk also witnessed two important battles: the Battle of Falkirk in 1298, where William Wallace was defeated by King Edward I of England, and the Battle of Falkirk Muir in 1746, where Jacobites under Charles Edward Stuart defeated a government army.

As of the mid-2020 estimate, Falkirk had a population of 35,590, with a density of 3,197/km2. The town is part of the Stirling and Falkirk council area in Scotland, United Kingdom, with the post town and postcode district being Falkirk (FK1, FK2) and the dialing code 01324.
The Scotsman

The Scotsman is a daily newspaper from Scotland, United Kingdom. It has recently been changed to a compact form, but the Sunday version remains a broadsheet


BBC Sport

BBC Sport is part of the bbc.co.uk website run by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). It covers all sports from football and rugby to less high-profile sports such as hockey or badminton. The site includes an discussion board called 606 to allow fans to discuss events and sports-related news. BBC Sport also covers sporting events on BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC television, e.g. The Olympics.

Turkey national football team

The Turkish national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Turkey and is worked by the Turkish Football Federation. They are in association with UEFA.

Turkey has a footballing tradition that has been bad. In World Cup competition Turkey has qualified three times for the 1950, 1954, and 2002 editions. Turkey failed to make an appearance for the 1950 World Cup because they withdrew.

Turkey made it to the semi-finals during the UEFA Euro 2008, but then lost to Germany.



"Updated on 16 June 2021"

"Updated on 16 June 2021"





Falkirk F.C.

Falkirk Football Club is a Scottish professional football club currently playing in the Scottish Premier League.

In the club's early years, a wide number of pitches and stadia were used. In 1885, the site of Brockville Park in Falkirk was leased, and there the club remained until the last day of the 2002-03 season. Due to Brockville's central location in the town, and the SPL's stringent stadium requirements, the dilapidated Brockville site, home of Falkirk for over 100 years, was no longer suitable for the club's ambitions. For season 2003-04, the club groundshared with Stenhousemuir at Ochilview stadium on the outskirts of the town. At the start of 2004-05 they moved into their new purpose built stadium which meets SPL criteria. The ground currently consists of two stands with a third due to start in the coming months.

The old Brockville ground was demolished in 2003/2004 and the land is now home to a branch of the Morrisons supermarket, which has several items of Falkirk F.C. memorabilia on site, including a turnstile from the old ground.

"As of 9 July 2009"


Hampden Park

Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland's national football stadium. Its primary use is the home of Queen's Park F.C. and the Scotland national football team. It is also used for pop concerts and other sporting events.

Hampden was built in 1903, though all signs of the original stadium are long gone. It is known throughout the world as an iconic home of football and celebrated its centenary on October 31 2003. The stadium also houses the offices of the Scottish Football Association and the Scottish Professional Football League. During the 2012 Olympics it also hosted matches during the early stages of the Olympic football tournament. It has also hosted prestigious sporting events such as the finals of the European Cup (now the UEFA Champions League) and the UEFA Cup.

Hampden was the key stadium of the 2014 Commonwealth Games. It hosted the athletics during the tournament, Glasgow having been announced as the host city on 9 November 2007.

The Scottish Cup Final is played at Hampden annually in May, for the honour of lifting the world's oldest national trophy - the Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup, made in 1873. Queen's Park were the first winners, beating Clydesdale F.C. 2-0 in the 1874 final.

Hampden Park hosted the 1960 European Cup final between Real Madrid and Eintracht Frankfurt, where over 130,000 people watched Real Madrid win 7-3. The 1976 final was also held at Hampden, when FC Bayern Munich defeated AS Saint-Etienne. Real Madrid were again victorious when Hampden Park hosted the final of the UEFA Champions League in 2002, defeating Bayer Leverkusen, aided by Zinedine Zidane's legendary "wonder goal". Hampden Park also hosted the 2007 UEFA Cup Final on May 16 when Sevilla defeated Espanyol to retain the trophy. It also held famous wins for the Scotland national football team, such as the 1-0 wins over Netherlands in November 2003, and against France in October 2006. One of the most exciting Scottish Cup Finals in history commenced at Hampden on May 4 2002 as Rangers defeated Celtic 3-2 with a last-minute diving header from Peter Løvenkrands. Diego Maradona made his international debut at Hampden Park and scored.

Among the British and European capacity records Hampden holds are:


In American football, the Scottish Claymores of NFL Europe played at the stadium between 1998 and 2004 before decamping to Hamburg to become the Hamburg Sea Devils. The league's championship game, the World Bowl, was held there in 2003. In that game, the Frankfurt Galaxy beat Rhein Fire. 

The stadium has also hosted concerts, and in 2000 was the venue for a boxing card headlined by former world champion Mike Tyson. Robbie Williams' concert in September 2006 forced the Scottish national team to play their first Euro 2008 qualifier at Celtic Park instead.

Hampden hosted the athletics events at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Glasgow was announced as the host city on 9th November 2007.

Feodor III of Russia

Feodor (Theodore) III Alexeevich of Russia was born on June 9, 1661, and died on May 7, 1682. He was the Tsar of all Russia between 1676 and 1682.

Lengnau, Berne

Lengnau is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sivasspor

Sivasspor is a Turkish football club founded in 1967. Its stadium, the Sivas 4 Eylül Stadium is in Sivas city. Sivasspor's colours are red and white. It is called "Yiğidolar" in Turkey. Sivasspor became fourth in the Turkey Turkcell Super League 2007/2008 season. Sivasspor will play first match in Europe with Grbalj team to join Uefa Cup.

Otto Abetz

Otto Abetz (3 March 1903 in Schwetzingen, Germany – 5 May 1958) was a German diplomat. In 1931, he became a member of the NSDAP and worked until 1934 as "Reichsjugendführer". He was German ambassador for the Vichy-Government from 1940 to 1944.

After the War he went to prison for 20 years. He was released from prison in 1954. He died on 5 May 1958 in an auto accident near Langenfeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, on the Cologne-Ruhr autobahn.


Statute of Labourers 1351

The Statute of Labourers was a law created by the English parliament under King Edward III in 1351 about labour shortage. It was first made known by Sir John Halles.


Christine de Pizan

Christine de Pizan, sometimes known as "de Pisan", (Venice 1364 – about 1430) was an Italian French late mediaeval author. She spent most of her childhood and all of her adult life in Paris and then the abbey at Poissy. She wrote only in her adopted language, Middle French. She challenged the male-dominated realm of the arts. She is known as Europe’s first professional woman writer. 

She wrote both poetry and prose works. There were biographies and books of practical advice for women. She wrote 41 works in her 30-year career from 1399–1429. She married in 1380 at the age of 15, and was widowed 10 years later.

Her influence spread through all of Europe. It affected the social life of many Europeans because she gave confidence to women that they could rise beyond what men told them to do. Some scholars think this is misreading her intentions.


Danse Macabre

Dance of Death (; ; ) is a late-medieval allegory on death: no matter who a person is, the dance of death unites all. 


Patrick Poivre d'Arvor

Patrick Poivre d'Arvor (born 20 September, 1947 in Reims; known in France as PPDA) is a French journalist. He has presented the main evening news on French Television since 1987. He studied political sciences and Slavic languages in Paris. He is married, and has 5 children; 3 daughters and one son with his wife Véronique, and a son with Claire Chazal. He had an affair with Chazal (who is also a well-known news presenter in France) in the 1990s.

One of his daughters was anorexic. She committed suicide, aged 19, in 1995. She jumped in front of a metro train in Paris. She left a note: "Thank you for everything, but I do not like life. I want to be incinerated, and kept in a small box, but not thrown to the sea."

Marcus Davis

Marcus Paul Davis (born August 24, 1973), nicknamed "The Irish Hand Grenade" (and "The Celtic Warrior" when fighting in Ireland), is an American mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter. He fights as a welterweight in the UFC and in independent MMA promotions in the United States. He was a contestant on the Ultimate Fighter 2 on Spike TV.

Marcus David went pro in MMA on August 22, 2003 with a first round TKO of Shaun Gay. In 2005, Marcus was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 2. Coming in with his boxing skills.


Kalamazoo, Michigan

Kalamazoo is a large city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Kalamazoo County. As of 2020, the city had a total population of 73,598.

Kalamazoo is home to Western Michigan University, Haworth College of Business, and Kalamazoo College.

On May 13, 1980, a F3 tornado tore through Kalamazoo, killing 5 people, injuring 79, and causing $50 million in damage.

Kalamazoo's name is used in song titles or lyrics to popular songs, because the way it sounds makes it a "great word for a lyric". Probably the best known was (I've Got a Gal In) Kalamazoo" by the Glenn Miller band with Tex Beneke. This #1 popular song was written by Mack Gordon and Harry Warren. It was performed by the band playing the part of the Glenn Miller Orchestra in the 1942 movie "Orchestra Wives". This was nominated: Best Music, Original Song in Academy Awards, Harry Warren (music), Mack Gordon (lyrics).

The city of Kalamazoo, Michigan has three sister cities.


El Gato Negro

El Gato Negro (in English “The Black Cat”) is the name of two fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by Azteca Productions. Created by Richard Dominguez, both characters made their first appearance in "El Gato Negro #1".
The first El Gato Negro was Agustin Guerrero, a former luchador from South Texas who decided to use his skills to fight crime during the early '50s and late '60s. 
The current El Gato Negro is Francisco Guerrero, grandson to the original El Gato Negro. He adopted the superhero identity after his best friend was killed in a brutal murder.
Each El Gato Negro adopts a cat-like emblem, which they display in their costume designs or equipment. Although Agustin is not from the Silver Age of comics, he is sometimes referred to as “Silver Age El Gato Negro”, because the comic book’s timeline would place him in that era.

Agustin Guerrero was an American soldier from Texas sent overseas to fight in the Korean War. Separated from his battalion, Agustin was lost in the harsh jungles. There he found an exiled Japanese warrior and assassin known as “"Nuro Neko"” ("黒い猫" - black cat). Nuro Neko trained the young soldier martial arts and the path of a warrior. After being rescued and discharged, Agustin returned to Texas to become a masked wrestler. He adopted the identity of El Gato Negro and his success as a luchador caused him to have many adventures outside of the wrestling ring before he finally retired in the late '60s.

The second and current El Gato Negro, Francisco Guerrero is a social worker by day and a vigilante by night. Francisco became the new El Gato Negro after the murder of his friend. Despite being liked by the citizens of his community, El Gato Negro is constantly being hunted by local law enforcement.

Richard Dominguez is currently in talks for a El Gato Negro movie.


Richard Dominguez

Richard Dominguez (born Eufrancio Ricardo Dominguez September 22, 1960 in Dallas, Texas) is an American comic book creator. He is best known for making the comic book "El Gato Negro".

Richard Dominguez was born in Dallas, Texas on September 22, 1960 as the second of seven children. Dominguez first read comics at the age of six. He was first interested in art while in high school. He took classes in Commercial Art and later took Life Drawing classes in community college. Richard later worked as an intern for art and design studios in the late '80s and early '90s.

Richard made the Azteca Productions company and imprint in 1993. The first publication was "El Gato Negro #1". Dominguez first got the idea for El Gato Negro in the late '80s. He originally planned thought of putting the character in a team of superheroes. Liking the character better on his own, Dominguez left the original project and focused on El Gato Negro. A lot of the character’s personality and look was inspired by Dominguez’s favorite superheroes like The Spirit, The Crimson Avenger, Daredevil, Nightwing, The Shadow, The Phantom, Zorro and Batman. The character has been popular since his introduction. and other media Dominguez is currently looking to make a movie on the character.

Dominguez made his superhero group with the help of friend and writer Michael S. Moore in 1997 in a book called Team Tejas. Richard stopped publishing his books after 1997 to spend time with his family. He later came back to publish new El Gato Negro stories in 2004. Other books he plans on publishing are Lucha Grande Comics, The Acolyte, Demon Hunter, and a revival of Judge Margarito C. Garza's Relampago!

The Professional Amigos of Comic Art Society or P.A.C.A.S. was a non-profit organization made by Richard Dominguez with his friends Carlos Saldaña, Jose Martinez, and Fernando Rodriguez in 1995. The group was made to bring together different artists, comic book and cartoon creators together to help with each other’s projects. P.A.C.A.S. grew to over 50 members. Most of them lived in California. The P.A.C.A.S. group no longer exists but there are rumors of a new one being made. Only an official website and MySpace page stand in tribute to their effort.


Mission: Impossible II

Mission: Impossible II is a 2000 American action thriller movie directed by John Woo and produced by Tom Cruise and Paula Wagner. "Mission: Impossible II" tells the story of Ethan Hunt, an agent for the "Impossible Missions Force". Another agent has gone rogue and stolen a virus, so Hunt has to try and get it back. 

The movie was released on May 24, 2000 in cinemas in the United States, then on November 7, 2000 for video and DVD. The movie did not get great reviews from critics. This movie is a sequel to "" (1996). It has a sequel called "" (2006).


Anthony Hopkins appears in an uncredited cameo appearance as Mission Commander Swanbeck.

"Mission: Impossible II" had grossed $215.4 million in the United States and Canada and $334.2 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $549.9 million.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 56% of 155 reviews are positive. The average rating is 5.9/10. The critics consensus reads: "Your cranium may crave more substance, but your eyes will feast on the amazing action sequences." On Metacritic, the movie has a rating of 59 out of 100 based on 40 critic reviews, indicating "mixed or average" reviews.


Jan Gotlib Bloch

Jan Gotlib (Bogumił) Bloch ( or Блох) (July 24, 1836 – January 7, 1902) (, , , ) was a banker from Poland. He was born in Radom and died in Warsaw. He donated money to help railways, and studied industrial warfare. Bloch published a collection of writings called "La Guerre Future", translated to "Is War Now Impossible?", in 1898.

McDonnell Douglas DC-10

The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 is an American three-engine medium- to long-range widebody airliner, with two engines mounted on underwing pylons and a third engine at the base of the vertical stabilizer. The model was a successor to the company's DC-8 for long-range operations, and competed in the same markets as the Airbus A300, Boeing 747, and Lockheed L-1011 Tristar, which has a similar layout to the DC-10.

Production of the DC-10 ended in December 1988 with 386 delivered to airlines and 60 to the U.S. Air Force as air-to-air refueling tankers, designated the KC-10 Extender. The DC-10 was succeeded by the related McDonnell Douglas MD-11 which entered service in 1990.

Douglas Aircraft began design studies based on its CX-HLS design. In 1966, American Airlines offered a specification to manufacturers for a widebody aircraft smaller than the Boeing 747 but capable of flying similar long-range routes from airports with shorter runways. The DC-10 became McDonnell Douglas's first commercial airliner after the merger between McDonnell Aircraft Corporation and Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967. The DC-10 was first ordered by launch customers American Airlines with 25 orders, and United Airlines with 30 orders and 30 options in 1968. The DC-10, a series 10 model, made its first flight on August 29, 1970. Following a flight test program with 929 flights covering 1,551 hours, the DC-10 was awarded a type certificate from the FAA on July 29, 1971. It entered commercial service with American Airlines on August 5, 1971 on a round trip flight between Los Angeles and Chicago. United Airlines began DC-10 service on August 16, 1971.[6] The DC-10's similarity to the L-1011 in terms of passenger capacity and launch in the same time frame resulted in a head to head sales competition which affected profitability of the aircraft.

The DC-10 had design flaws and had a poor safety record in its early years. But later, the design flaws were improved, and the DC-10 became much safer. The following accidents are some of those which have occurred since 1972.


Ocean liner

Ocean liner is the name given to (usually large) ships that are used to transport people or goods. These ships travel along given routes; they usually have a schedule. Usually, ocean liners travel long distances. The ships used for short distances, for example across a channel, a lake, or between an island and the coast close by, are called ferries. Ocean liners are used for transportation. Cruise ships are different, they are used for pleasure. 

The “golden Age” of the ocean liner was the first half of the 20th Century, when ocean liners commonly carried hundreds upon thousands of poor immigrants from Europe to North America, the United States especially. Hundreds of ocean liners were built during this period. 

When WW2 started in 1939, many ocean liners were turned into troop ships, to transport soldiers to Europe and Asia, by both sides. After the war, most remaining ocean liners were returned to their original owners. 

In the second half of the 20th century, ocean liners have been replaced by aircraft more and more. In the 1950’s, as airplanes like the De Havilland Comet and Boeing 707 were built, ocean liners seemed redundant as jet liners were faster and easier to build than ocean liners. By the 1980’s, most ocean liners had been retired with only a few outliers staying in service.

Akakor

Akakor is a fictional ancient underground city somewhere between Brazil and Peru. 

The German journalist Karl Brugger described the city in his book "The Chronicle of Akakor" (1976). Information about the city is from an interview with Tatunca Nara, a Brazilian Indian. Tantunca Nara speaks about possible contact with extraterrestrials in the ancient past. He says these extraterrestrials are believed to have built this mysterious city. Two similar cities are mentioned in this book - Akanis and Akahim. 

Later Rüdiger Nehberg showed that Tatunca Nara was actually a German named Günther Hauck.

Parts of the story from "The Chronicle of Akakor" were used in the movie "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull".



Gutenberg Bible

The Gutenberg Bible (also known as the 42-line Bible or the Mazarin Bible) is a printed version of the Latin Vulgate translation of the Bible that was printed by Johannes Gutenberg, in Mainz, Germany in the 15th century. Although it is not the first book to be printed by Gutenberg's new movable type system, it is his major work, and of central importance for the start of the "Gutenberg Revolution" and the "Age of the Printed Book". It is a very rare and expensive book. Fewer than 200 were made, and 49 complete or nearly complete ones are known. It has 1286 pages.
The earliest known book with movable type was published 78 years before in Korea and is known as the Jikji.

The Gutenberg Bible had a profound effect on the history of the printed book. It also had an influence on future editions of the Bible, likethe 36 Line Bible, Mentelin's Latin Bible, and the first and third Eggestein Bibles. The third Eggestein Bible was set from the copy of the Gutenberg Bible now in Cambridge University Library. The Gutenberg Bible also had an influence on the Clementine edition of the Vulgate commissioned by the Papacy in the late sixteenth century.


Dancing with the Stars (video game)

Dancing with the Stars is a rhythm game based on the show "Dancing with the Stars". It was released on October 23, 2007 in the United States. It was later released for Windows computers and mobile phones. It was made by Zoë Mode with other help from Activision.

In the game you have option of playing as selected celebrities and professional dancers from the show.


On the mobile phone version, the only characters listed are the celebrities. There are no mentions of their professional partners.


For the PC game, the player can choose any of the following characters and he or she will automatically be partnered with either a professional dancer or a celebrity depending on the character the player chooses.



The dances in the game are all dances from the show.



A sequel, Dancing with the Stars: We Dance! (or Dancing with the Stars: Get Your Dance On!), was released October 21, 2008 for Wii and Nintendo DS. It was made by Activision. The game features celebrities including Mel B, Apolo Anton Ohno, Joey Fatone and Jennie Garth and new professional dancers including Derek Hough and his sister Julianne Hough.

Fight song

A fight song is a song that sports fans sing when supporting their favorite team. They are very popular in the United States. Many colleges and universities there have fight songs. In other countries they are sometimes called team songs or team anthems.

World Draughts Federation

The World Draughts Federation (WDF) is the organisation which administers draughts throughout the world. 
It was created in 1947. In the French language it is called Fédération Mondiale du Jeu de Dames (FMJD).
The WDF has organised the world draughts championships since 1948.


Kenny Florian

Kenny Florian is an American mixed martial artist with training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai. He was in the first season of The Ultimate Fighter reality show. He fights as a lightweight for the UFC.


Phoenix

Phoenix (pronounce: "FEE-niks") most often refers to:

Phoenix may also refer to:




















In the United States:


Sophie Germain

Marie-Sophie Germain (April 1, 1776 – June 27, 1831) was a French mathematician, physicist, and philosopher who made important contributions to differential geometry and number theory. She was born in 1776 in an era of revolution. In many ways Sophie embodied the spirit of revolution into which she was born. She was a middle-class female who went against the wishes of her family and the social prejudices of the time to become a highly recognized mathematician. It took a long time for her to be recognized and appreciated for her contributions to the field of mathematics, but she did not give up. Even today, it is felt that she was never given as much credit as she was due for the contributions she made in number theory and mathematical physics because she was a woman.

Sophie Germain was born in Paris. Her family was quite wealthy. Her father was a merchant and later became director of the Bank of France. Sophie's interest in mathematics began during the French Revolution when she was 13 years old and confined to her home due to the danger caused by revolts in Paris. She initially received opposition from her parents and also the difficulties presented by the society for females to study. However, she had the opportunity to learn from books in her father’s library, so she spent a great deal of time in there. She read important scientists and one day she ran across a book in which the legend of Archimedes' death was recounted. This legend is that during the invasion of his city by the Romans Archimedes was so engrossed in the study of a geometric figure in the sand that he failed to respond to the questioning of a Roman soldier. As a result, he was speared to death. This sparked Sophie's interest. If someone could be so engrossed in a problem as to ignore a soldier and then die for it, the subject must be interesting. 

Sophie began teaching herself mathematics and other topics using the books in her father's library. But her parents felt that her interest was inappropriate for a female (the common belief of the middle-class in the 19th century), and they did all they could to discourage her. She began studying at night to escape them, but they went to such measures as taking away her clothes once she was in bed and depriving her of heat and light to make her stay in her bed at night instead of studying. However, their efforts failed. She would wrap herself in quilts and use candles she had hidden in order to study at night. Finally they realized that Sophie's passion for mathematics was "incurable," and they let her learn. Thus, Sophie spent the years of the Reign of Terror studying differential calculus without the aid of a tutor. She was self-taught. 

In 1794, when Sophie was 18, the Ecole Polytechnique was founded in Paris. It was an academy to train mathematicians and scientists for the country, but women were not allowed to join. Sophie was able to get the lecture notes for several of the courses and study from them. This gave her the opportunity to learn from many of the prominent mathematicians of those days. Sophie was particularly interested in the teachings of Joseph Louis Lagrange. Under the pseudonym of M. LeBlanc (a former student of Lagrange's), she submitted a paper on analysis to Lagrange at the end of the term. He was quite impressed with the work and wanted to meet the student who had written it. He was amazed that the author of the work was actually a female; he recognized her abilities and became her mentor. With a male to introduce her, Sophie could enter the circle of scientists and mathematicians that she never before could. Up until this point not only had her gender been a hindrance to her, but her social status had been too, because she was not an aristocratic woman but one of the middle class. Lagrange certainly made his colleagues aware that Germain was a girl with mathematical talent and several of them wrote to her; for instance, Monge. But not everyone treated her with the respect she deserved. One case was Jérôme Lalande. She started to talk to him about Laplace's Exposition du système du monde. Lalande told her that she should not be reading such works, rather she should be reading the second edition of his book Astronomie des dames. This "astronomy for ladies" does not contain a single mathematical equation and Germain felt insulted by his suggestion. Lalande sent her a letter of apology but she never forgave him. 

However, Germain’s most famous correspondence began in 1804 with the German mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss. She was intrigued with his work in number theory and sent him some of the results of her work. Again, she used her pseudonym to disguise her true identity; she feared being ignored because of being a woman. It was not until 1807 that Gauss found out who M. LeBlanc truly was. He was thrilled to find that his "pen pal" was a very gifted woman. He was not bothered but pleased. 

At about this time, in 1808, the French Academy of Sciences announced a contest to explain the "underlying mathematical law" of a German physicist's study on the vibration of elastic surfaces. Sophie was fascinated and set out to explain the law underlying Chladni's study. The Academy set a two-year deadline, and in 1811 Sophie submitted the only entry in the contest. Her lack of formal education was evident in the anonymous paper she submitted, and thus she was not awarded the prize. Lagrange corrected her errors and two years later she again entered the contest which had been extended. She received honorable mention this time. It was in 1816, when she entered for the third time and won with her paper Memoir on the Vibrations of Elastic Plates. After winning the contest, Sophie continued her work on the theory of elasticity publishing several more memoirs. Her work in the theory of elasticity would prove to be very important to the field.

Among her work done during these years is what would be her most important work in number theory. In 1820, Sophie made a statement about the divisibility of solutions to Fermat’s equation, for an odd prime p. She proved that if x, y, and z are integers and if x + y = z then either x, y, or z must be divisible by 5. 

The prize from the Academy, however, was of immediate importance because it introduced her into the ranks of the prominent mathematicians of the time. She became the first woman who was not a wife of a member to attend the Academy of Sciences' sessions. She was also praised by the Institut de France and was invited to attend their sessions. Sophie continued working with well-known male mathematicians in the 1820s as an "equal collaborator" to refine her proofs and work in number theory; and also continued to work in philosophy until her death, in 1831. 
After a battle with breast cancer, Sophie Germain died at the age of 55 on June 27, 1831 in Paris. Shortly before this Gauss, one of her earliest mentors, had convinced the University of Gottingen to give Sophie an honorary degree. She died before she could receive it. 


https://www.agnesscott.edu/lriddle/women/germain.htm#:~:text=Sophie%20Germain%20was%20a%20revolutionary,also%20very%20important%20to%20mathematics.

https://www.britannica.com/biography/Sophie-Germain

https://mathshistory.st-andrews.ac.uk/Biographies/Germain/

https://totallyhistory.com/sophie-germain/


Cutting board

A cutting board or chopping board is a strong board used to chop food on. It may also be used to cut raw materials such as leather or plastic. Kitchen cutting boards are often made of wood or plastic. There are also cutting boards made of glass, steel, marble or corian. These kinds of cutting boards are easier to clean than wooden or plastic ones. On the down side, they normally damage knives.

Measuring cup

A measuring cup is a cup used to measure liquids or other ingredients, such as sugar or flour.

It is generally used in cooking for measurements.

Simple English Wikipedia

The Simple English Wikipedia is a Simple English language version of Wikipedia, an online encyclopedia, written in a language that is easy to understand but is still natural and grammatical.

The articles in the Simple English Wikipedia use shorter sentences and easier words and grammar than the regular English Wikipedia. The language used here is plain English, without idioms, slang and jargon (when possible). Some articles are written only in Basic English, which is even simpler. This makes articles easier to understand and change. If someone cannot understand an idea in the English Wikipedia, they can read a Simple English article.

When Simple English Wikipedia started making pages and allowing changes in 2003, the already had 150,000 articles. Seven other Wikipedias in other languages also had over 15,000 articles. Because the other Wikipedias already have a lot of articles, most Simple English articles are not new. They are simpler versions of articles from the English Wikipedia. Right now, the Simple English Wikipedia has articles. The Simple English Wikipedia started on September 18, 2001, and is the 44th-largest Wikipedia, as of January 2024.

The Simple English Wikipedia is often used by:



Missouri Valley Conference

The Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) is a college sports conference in the United States that sponsors many sports, but has not played football since the 1984 season.

The MVC has its roots in the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association (MVIAA), a league formed in 1907 by several schools in the Midwestern United States. The MVIAA split into two leagues in 1928. One league, made up mostly of large schools, kept the MVIAA name and years later became the Big Eight Conference. The smaller schools formed the MVC. Both groups claimed a 1907 founding date, and the same history up to the 1928 split. However, the Big Eight merged in 1996 with several schools from the collapsing Southwest Conference to form today's Big 12 Conference, which does not claim any of the Big Eight's history. Because of this, only the MVC now has a claim to any of the MVIAA's history.

Following the departure of one school and the arrival of three in July 2022, the MVC has 12 members.

The MVC has three "associate members", each of which plays one sport in the conference.

Missouri Valley Football Conference

The Missouri Valley Football Conference (MVFC) is a group of 11 colleges and universities in the Midwestern United States who play football against one another. Each school plays the others every season, and the conference champion earns a place in the NCAA Division I Football Championship, the postseason tournament of the second-level Football Championship Subdivision (FCS).

The MVFC has a confusing history that is closely tied to that of two other existing conferences: the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) and the Association of Mid-Continent Universities (AMCU), now known as The Summit League. In the 1984 season, the last in which both of these conferences played football, all of the AMCU football schools were members of NCAA Division I-AA, now known as FCS. The MVC had schools that played in both DIvision I-A (today's Football Bowl Subdivision) and Division I-AA. The AMCU dropped football after the 1984 season, and the MVC announced it would do the same after the 1985 season. Beginning with the 1985 season, all of the remaining AMCU football teams, plus the MVC's I-AA teams, joined the Gateway Collegiate Athletic Conference (Gateway), which had sponsored only women's sports. Most of the schools in the Gateway were also MVC members. The MVC's I-AA football teams had membership in the MVC and Gateway in the 1985 season.

In 1992, the women's portion of the Gateway merged into the MVC. At that time, the Gateway became a football-only conference, changing its name to Gateway Football Conference. In 2008, the Gateway (which now had five MVC members) changed its name to the current Missouri Valley Football Conference. The MVFC and MVC are still legally separate, but operate out of the same offices in St. Louis.


Two schools that were in the MVFC during the Gateway era have moved to other conferences.

Rights

A right is something a person has which people think should not be taken away. It is a rule about what a person is allowed to do or have. A right is different from a privilege, which is something that must be earned.

Rights may be put into laws, so they have legal protection. But a right can exist where most people think it is good (just). 



AU (disambiguation)

AU can mean these things: 


FSU

The abbreviation FSU can mean:

Ohio State University

Ohio State University (OSU) is a public university in Columbus, Ohio, USA. Ohio State was founded in 1870. Ohio State University has been noted by multiple publications as one of the highest ranked universities in the United States and in the world.

The university was started in 1870 in a farming group in Columbus, Ohio. The first class had only 24 students. In the 1880s, Ohio State started taking graduate students. They started the law school in 1891. Later, Ohio State added colleges of medicine, dentistry, commerce, and journalism. In 1906, Ohio made a law that said Ohio State University was the state's "flagship campus", or the best school in the state of Ohio.

In 1916, Ohio State was the first university in Ohio to be in the Association of American Universities. Ohio State is still the only Ohio public university in the association.

"U.S. News & World Report" has ranked Ohio State University as the best public university in Ohio, one of the top 60 universities in the United States, and one of the top 20 public universities in the United States. In 2007, China's Shanghai Jiao Tong University said Ohio State was the 61st best university in the world.

The school was also ranked as the 24th best university in the US, 10th top public university, and top school in Ohio by Arizona State University. The "Washington Monthly" college rankings placed Ohio State as the 12th best in the country and 10th best public university.

Ohio State’s faculty includes a Nobel Prize-winning physicist, Kenneth G. Wilson. It has twenty-one members of the United States National Academy of Sciences or National Academy of Engineering, plus four members of the Institute of Medicine. There are also 159 elected fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science who are teaching at Ohio State. In the last 25 years, thirty-two Ohio State faculty members have been given the Guggenheim Fellowship, which is more than all other public and private Ohio universities combined.

Ohio State is using over $110 million to research important issues, such as research to find a cure for cancer, renewable energy sources, and sustainable drinking water supplies.

Undergraduate admissions to Ohio State are said to be "more selective" by "US News & World Report". It is the most selective public university in Ohio, and it is the hardest university in Ohio to get into.

About half of the people who apply to Ohio State get accepted. Of the students who get in, 57 percent graduated in the top 10 percent of their high school classes, 91 percent graduated in the top quarter, and 99% graduated in the top half. A quarter of the freshman scored in the top 3 percent of the SAT or ACT, and 72 percent scored in the top 1 percent. The average ACT score was 27. Of the 6,122 members of the 2006 freshman class, 290 had been named valedictorian (top student) of their high school's graduating class. Ohio State’s freshman class has admitted over 100 National Merit Scholars for nine of the last ten years.

Ohio State's main urban campus is in Columbus. It has a size of 1755 acres, and it is about north of the city's downtown. Four buildings are currently listed on the National Register of Historic Places: Enarson Hall, Hayes Hall, Ohio Stadium, and Orton Hall. Architecture on the Ohio State campus is a mix of traditional, modern, and post-modern styles.
The William Oxley Thompson Memorial Library is located at the west end of The Oval. It is the Ohio State library's main branch, and it is the largest of the school's branches. The school's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus. There are eight other branches in other locations, and the system has fifty-five branches and collections in all.
The Wexner Center for the Arts is at the east end of The Oval. It was designed by the architects Peter Eisenman of New York and Richard Trott of Columbus, and it opened in 1989. The center was built mostly from a twenty-five million dollar gift from Ohio State graduate Leslie Wexner. Part of its design was to honor to the armory (military storage location) that was replaced with the Wexner Center. Its deconstructivist architecture makes known as one of the most important buildings of its generation, but the design makes it less than ideal to show many of the art displays. The main, permanent work kept in the center is Picasso's "Nude on a Black Armchair", a forty-five million dollar painting that Wexner gave to Ohio State.
Ohio Union is on the east side of The Oval, and at the south side is another, smaller grassy area known as The South Oval. The west side is contains Browning Amphitheatre and Mirror Lake.
The Ohio State College of Medicine is on the southern edge of the central campus. It is home to the James Cancer Hospital, where cancer is studied. It is one of the National Cancer Institute's forty-one NCI-designated Cancer Centers.

The university also has several regional campuses and research facilities in Lima, Mansfield, Marion, and Newark. The school also has an Ohio State Agricultural Technical Institute. The first regional campus was in Newark, which was founded in 1957. Students there can get one of six bachelor degrees or two master degrees. In Lima, there are eight four-year programs, 2 high school completion programs, and four graduate programs. The Mansfield campus is in the Allegheny Plateau area, and it has 7 bachelor programs and 3 master programs. Marion's campus is closest to Columbus, and it has 5 bachelor programs and 2 master programs.

Ohio State's research facilities include the Aeronautical/Astronautical Research Laboratory, Byrd Polar Research Center, Chadwick Arboretum, Biological Research Tower, Large Binocular Telescope, Mershon Center for International Security Studies, Stone Laboratory, and the Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center.

The Office of Student Life helps students with things such as student housing; food service; health, wellness and counseling; activities, organizations and leadership development; recreation and intramurals. The Office of Student Life also operates the Schottenstein Center, the Fawcett Center, the Blackwell Inn, the Ohio Union, the Drake Union, and the Wilce Student Health Center.

Ohio State has several student-managed publications and media outlets. "The Makio" is the official yearbook."The Lantern" is the school's daily newspaper. "Mosaic" is a literary magazine published by Ohio State, which features undergraduate fiction, poetry, and art. OHIO.FM is the student-run radio station with an Internet audio stream (no broadcast signals are available in Columbus). Students also operate a local cable channel known as Buckeye TV, which airs mostly in the campus housing.

Ohio State University Marching Band is an old tradition at Ohio State. The marching band is the largest all-brass and percussion band in the world. The traditional school songs are arranged to fit this unique instrumentation. The band is famous for "Script Ohio", where band members use their bodies to spell Ohio spelled in script on the football field. It is seen as an honor to dot the "i" in the word. Celebrities such as Bob Hope, Jack Nicklaus, and John Glenn have dotted the "i".

Ohio State's main campus is known for the diversity of its students. In various surveys and rankings, it has been included among the best campuses in the nation for African Americans. "The Advocate College Guide for LGBT Students" lists Ohio State as one of the best campuses in America for LGBT students.

Ohio State offers two distinct honors programs for high ability undergraduates: Honors and Scholars. The Honors program is open to students in all majors. The Scholars program is centered around thirteen specific programs such as "Architecture Scholars", "Communication Technology Scholars", "Biological Sciences Scholars", "International Affairs Scholars", and "Politics, Society and Law Scholars". Students in the Scholars program are expected to live and take select classes with other members of the program.

At Ohio State University, there are four recognized student governments: Undergraduate Student Government (USG), Council of Graduate Students (CGS), amd Inter-Professional Council (IPC), and Residence Hall Advisory Council (RHAC).

Ohio State is in the NCAA's Division I. Ohio State's mascot is "Brutus the Buckeye". The school colors are scarlet and gray. Most Ohio State teams play in the Big Ten Conference. The women's ice hockey team plays in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association. In lacrosse, the men's team plays in ECAC Lacrosse and the women's team in the American Lacrosse Conference, but both will leave their respective leagues after the 2014 season, as the Big Ten will start lacrosse leagues for both sexes in the 2014–15 school year.

Ohio State won national championships in baseball, men's basketball, football, men's swimming & diving, men's track and field, men's golf, men's gymnastics, men's fencing, men and women's fencing, and synchronized swimming.


UM

UM can stand for:

IIT

IIT may refer to:


MSU

MSU may refer to:

VT

VT can stand for:

BC (disambiguation)

BC can stand for:

Pinoy Idol

Pinoy Idol is a popular TV show in the Philippines that lets anyone sing to people watching the show on television while they are being judged. The singers can be anyone between the age of 16 and 29 years. The show is now current programming in GMA Network.

"Pinoy Idol" has three judges, who give comments on performances. The three judges are: 

"Pinoy Idol" also has a host, Raymond Gutierrez.

Hulagu Khan

Hulagu Khan, also known as Hulagu, Hülegü or Hulegu (Хүлэгү, "Khülegü"; Chagatai/ - Halaku; Arabic:هولاكو; c. 1217 – 8 February 1265), was a Mongol ruler who conquered much of Southwest Asia.

Son of Tolui and the Kerait princess Sorghaghtani Beki, he was a grandson of Genghis Khan, and the brother of Arik Boke, Mongke and Kublai Khan. He was also the step-father of Absh Khatun. Hulagu's army greatly expanded the southwestern portion of the Mongol Empire, founding the Ilkhanate of Persia. Under his leadership, the Mongols destroyed the two greatest centers of Islamic power, Baghdad in the year 1258, and Damascus, causing a shift of Islamic influence to the Mamluks in Cairo.

Niccolò and Maffeo Polo reportedly travelled to the realm of Hulagu and stayed in the city of Bukhara, in modern day Uzbekistan, where the family lived and traded for three years from 1261 to 1264.



Dalgety Bay

Dalgety Bay is a coastal town in Fife, Scotland. It is on the north shore of the Firth of Forth. 


Anastasia Myskina

Anastasia Andreyevna Myskina (; ) (born July 8, 1981, Moscow, Russia) is a professional tennis player from Russia.

WTA Awards

This is a list with all the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour Awards given by the WTA Tour to players who have done or achieved something remarkable during the season or their career.

This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has played the best tennis over the year.
This is awarded to the doubles team who the WTA think has played the best tennis over the year.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has improved the most over the year.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has played the best tennis in their first season as a professional.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has played the best tennis after coming back from a long break from playing.
"Note: in 2002 the award was not given."


Hopman Cup

The Hopman Cup is an yearly international team tennis tournament played in Perth, Western Australia in January each year.


Wells Cathedral

Wells Cathedral is an Anglican church in Wells, Somerset, England. It is the seat of the Bishop of Bath and Wells. Its construction started in 1170 and the Cathedral was dedicated in 1239. 

Wells Cathedral has been described as “the most poetic of the English Cathedrals”. 
Much of the structure is in Early English architecture. Many mouldings look almost like sculptures. The carved capitals are done in a foliate style known as “stiff leaf”. This adds to their lively view. The eastern end has kept much original glass, which is rare in England. The exterior has a splendid Early English façade (~front) and a large central tower.

The first church was established on the site in 705. Construction of the present building began in the 10th century under Anglo-Saxon rule, but was later transformed under the Normans. It was largely complete at the time of its dedication in 1239. It has been expanded and renovated several times since then and has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.

The first church was established here in 705 AD. It was dedicated to Saint Andrew. The only remains of this first church are some excavated foundations which can be seen in the cloisters. The baptismal font in the south transept is the oldest surviving part of the cathedral which is dated to c.700 AD.

Two centuries later, the seat of the diocese was shifted to Wells from Sherborne. The first Bishop of Wells was Athelm (circa 909), who crowned King Athelstan. Athelm and his nephew Saint Dunstan both became Archbishops of Canterbury. It was also around this time that Wells Cathedral School was founded.

The present structure was begun under the direction of Bishop Reginald de Bohun, who died in 1184.
Wells Cathedral dates mainly from the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries; the nave and transept are masterpieces of Early English architecture. It was largely complete at the time of its dedication in 1239.

The bishop responsible for the construction was Jocelyn de Wells, one of the bishops at the signing of Magna Carta. Jocelyn's buildings included the Bishop's Palace, a choristers' school, a grammar school, a hospital for travellers and a chapel. He also built a manor at Wookey, near Wells. The master mason associated with Jocelyn was Elias of Dereham (died 1246). Jocelyn lived to see the church dedicated but, despite much lobbying of Rome, died in 1242. Cathedral status was granted in 1245. Masons continued with the enrichment of the West Front until about 1260.

King John was excommunicated between 1209 and 1213. During this time, work on the cathedral was suspended. In this period, building methods advanced so that bigger blocks of masonry could be moved and put into the walls. The effect of this advance can be seen on the walls of the cathedral; at a point in the building's walls, the blocks of stone increase in size.
By the time the building was finished, including the Chapter House (1306),
it already seemed too small for the developing liturgy, in particular the increasingly grand processions. A new spate of building was therefore started by Bishop John Drokensford. He heightened the central tower and began a dramatic eight-sided Lady chapel at the far east end, finished by 1326. Thomas of Whitney was the master mason.

Bishop Ralph of Shrewsbury followed. He continued the eastward extension of the quire. He also built Vicars' Close and the Vicars' Hall, to give the men of the choir a secure place to live and dine, away from the town with all its temptations.
He enjoyed an uneasy relationship with the citizens of Wells, partly because of his imposition of taxes. He surrounded his palace with crenellated walls and a moat and drawbridge. The Palace was now a castle.

The appointment of William Wynford as master mason in 1365 marked another period of activity. He was one of the foremost architects of his time and, apart from Wells, was engaged in work for the king at Windsor and at New College, Oxford University and Winchester Cathedral. Under Bishop John Harewell, he built the south-west tower of the West Front and designed the north west, which was built to match in the early 15th century. Inside the building he filled in the early English lancet windows with delicate tracery.

In the fourteenth century, the central piers (upright supports) of the crossing (where the building forms a cross) started sinking under the weight of the crossing tower. 'Scissor arches' were inserted to brace and stabilize the piers as a unit. The building was now complete, and it looked much as it does today.

Siena Cathedral

Siena Cathedral (Italian "Duomo di Siena", officially Santa Maria Assunta) is a Cathedral in Siena, Italy. It is the seat of the archbishop of Siena. The cathedral was built between 1215 and 1263. The was another church there beforehand. The Cathedral is known all over Italy for its "stripes". These were made by using different kinds of stone. It is also a unfinished building as well.

Caen

Caen ( pronounced "can" (/kɑ̃/);) is a city in France. It is the capital city of Basse-Normandie and Calvados. The river Orne flows through it. Today, about 110,000 people live there ("intra muros", inside the city); the urban area has about 370,000 people. The city has a very long history; the name probably has Gaulish origins (from "cato" Military activity; and "mago" field; probably something like "place where the troops exercised"). A campus of the École de management de Normandie is in the city.

Caen is twinned with:

St. Michael and Gudula Cathedral

St. Michael and Gudula Cathedral is the Cathedral in Brussels. It is named in honour of St. Michael and St. Gudula. In Dutch it is called Sint-Michiels- en Sint-Goedelekathedraal, usually shortened to "Sint-Goedele". In French it is called Cathédrale Saints-Michel-et-Gudule. It is the main church of the bishop of Brussels and Mechelen. 

There already was a shrine (or chapel) to Saint Michael there in the 8th century. The Cathedral was begun in 1226. Building finished when the belltower (or belfry) was done, at the end of the 15th century. The cathedral is built in Gothic style. As it is the main Church of the Kingom of Belgium, there are often royal ceremonies, such as marriages and funerals, there.

Strasbourg Cathedral

Strasbourg Cathedral or the Cathedral of Our Lady of Strasbourg (, or "Cathédrale de Strasbourg", or "Straßburger Münster"), also known as Strasbourg Minster, is a cathedral. The cathedral was built in Gothic style. The belltower is 142 m high. It was the highest building in the world from 1647 to 1874. It is currently the second-highest cathedral in France, after Rouen Cathedral, which is 9m higher, at 151m. In 1880, Cologne Cathedral was finished (157m), and later Ulm minster (at 161m), the highest Cathedral in the World. 

Considerable parts of it are still in Romanesque architecture. Nevertheless, it is widely considered to be among the finest examples of high, or late, Gothic architecture. Erwin von Steinbach is credited for major contributions from 1277 to his death in 1318.

Victor Hugo described it as a "gigantic and delicate marvel". The cathedral is visible far across the plains of Alsace and can be seen from as far off as the Vosges mountains or the Black Forest on the other side of the Rhine.

An Al-Qaeda plot to bomb the adjacent Christmas market was prevented in 2000 by French and German police.

<br>

Ely Cathedral

Ely Cathedral is an Anglican church in Ely, Cambridgeshire. It is the main church of the diocese of Ely, and the seat of the Bishop of Ely. The city of Ely is about 20 km north of Cambridge.

The Cathedral is known locally as "the Ship of the Fens", because of its prominent shape which towers above the surrounding flat landscape. The fens were once wet and marshy: a wetland habitat. The Fenland in East Anglia includes Ely, but is today mainly drained. It is now low-lying farmland.

The first Christian building on the site was founded by Etheldreda, daughter of the King of East Anglia.She set up and ruled a monastery at Ely in 673, and, when she died, a shrine was built there to her memory. 

The present cathedral was started by Abbot Simeon (1082–1094) in 1083. The Anglo-Saxon church was demolished, but some of its relics, such as the remains of its benefactors, were moved to the cathedral. The main transepts were built early on, crossing the nave below a central tower, and are the oldest surviving part of the cathedral. Construction work continued throughout the 12th century. The Western transepts and tower were completed in an exuberant Romanesque style with a rich decoration of intersecting arches and complex mouldings.

A 'Galilee' porch was added under Bishop Eustace (1198–1215) in the Early English Gothic style. It was originally a two-storey structure where liturgical processions could gather before entering the nave. It was opened up into a single vaulted space in the 18th century. Several details of its decoration, particularly the 'syncopated arches' and the use of Purbeck marble shafts, reflect the influence of St Hugh's Choir at Lincoln Cathedral, built a few years earlier.

Work began on a new eastern end in 1234, replacing the short Norman chancel with a much grander 10-bay structure. Northwold's chancel, completed by around 1252, adopted several of the stylistic elements already used in the Galilee porch.

During the dissolution of the monasteries by Henry VIII, the monastery at Ely was dissolved in 1539. Ely suffered less than many other monasteries, but even so, statues were destroyed together with carvings and stained glass. St Etheldreda's Shrine was destroyed.

The Cathedral was refounded with a Chapter of eight canons in 1541, as was the Kings School. Robert Steward, the last Prior of the monastery, became the first Dean.

In 1986 it was discovered that the roofs, timber and stonework of much of the Cathedral were becoming unsafe. A public appeal was launched. £4,000,000 was needed to secure the Cathedral's future and to prevent its doors being closed for good. In just over a year, the money was given or promised. The Great Restoration was completed in the year 2000.

The south gallery of the nave is home to The Stained Glass Museum, a collection of stained glass from the 13th century to the present that is of national importance. It includes works from several notable modern artists.

Exeter Cathedral

Exeter Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in the city of Exeter, Devon, in the southwest of England. It is the seat of the Bishop of Exeter. The present building was complete by about 1400, and has the longest uninterrupted vaulted ceiling in England, and other notable features. The cathedral is built in Gothic style.

In 1107, William Warelwast, a nephew of William the Conqueror, was appointed to the see, and this was the catalyst for the building of a new cathedral in the Norman style. Its official foundation was in 1133, after Warelwast's time, but it took many more years to complete. In 1258 the building was already outmoded, and it was rebuilt in the Decorated English Gothic architecture style, following the example of nearby Salisbury Cathedral. However, much of the Norman building was kept, including the two massive square towers and part of the walls. It was constructed entirely of local stone, including Purbeck Marble. The new cathedral was complete by about 1400, apart from the addition of the chapter house and chantry chapels.

On 4 May 1942, an early morning air raid took place over Exeter. The cathedral sustained a direct hit by a large high-explosive bomb on the chapel of St James, completely demolishing it. The muniment room above, three bays of the aisle and two flying buttresses were also destroyed in the blast. The medieval wooden screen opposite the chapel was smashed into many pieces by the blast, but it has been reconstructed and restored. Fortunately many of the cathedral's most important artifacts, such as the glass of the great east window, the misericords, the Exeter Book, the bishop's throne and the Bronescombe Effigy, had been removed at the start of the war in anticipation of such an attack. Subsequent repairs and the clearance of the area around the western end of the building uncovered portions of earlier structures, including remains of the Roman city and of the original Norman cathedral.

The clock is one of a group of famous 14th to 16th century astronomical clocks to be found in the West of England. Another one is at Wells Cathedral.

The main, lower, dial is the oldest part of the clock, dating from 1484. The fleur-de-lys 'hand' indicates the time (and the position of the sun in the sky) on a 24-hour analogue dial. The numbering consists of two sets of I-XII Roman numerals. The silver ball and inner dial shows both the age of the moon and its phase (using a rotating black shield to indicate the moon's phase). The upper dial, added in 1760, shows the minutes.

The Latin phrase "Pereunt et Imputantur", a favourite motto for clocks and sundials was written by the Latin poet Martial. It is usually translated as "they perish and are reckoned to our account", referring to the hours that we spend, wisely or not. The original clockwork mechanism was much modified, repaired, and neglected until it was replaced in the early 20th century. The door below the clock has a round hole near its base. This was cut in the early 17th century to allow entry for the Bishop's cat to deter vermin. The vermin were attracted to the animal fat used to lubricate the clock mechanism.

Lasbela District

Lasbela district is a coastal district of Balochistan province, Pakistan. It became a separate district in the Kalat division on 30 June 1954. The name is derived from two Sindhi words "Las" which signifies a "plain", the greater part of the area being a flat plain, and "Bela" which means "jungle/forest" and is also the name of the principal town of the district. Uthal is the district headquarters. The district is divided into 9 tehsils and 21 union councils.


Awaran District

Awaran () is a district in the south of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.



Coutances Cathedral

Coutances Cathedral () is the cathedral in the town of Coutances in Normandy. It is built in Gothic style. Standing 80m tall it dominates the city and the surrounding landscape. Its use of long straight vertical lines is typical for many churches in Normandy. The cathedral was started in Romanesque style. It was consecrated in 1056.

Kalat District

Kalat or Qalat () is a district in Balochistan, Pakistan. It has a population of 412,232


Regensburg Cathedral

The Regensburg Cathedral () is dedicated to St. Peter. It is the most important church and landmark of the city of Regensburg, and the cathedral of the Catholic Diocese of Regensburg. The church is a very good example of Gothic architecture in southern Germany.

The first church at the site was built around the year 700, but it burnt down around 1156. The current cathedral was started in the year 1273, and it took until 1872 to complete. In the 15th century, the sale of indulgences was used to finance the construction.

Kharan District

Kharan () is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.

The district is administratively broken up into the following tehsils:


Khuzdar District

Khuzdar () district is in the centre of Balochistan province of Pakistan. Khuzdar is the capital of Khuzdar district.

The district is administratively subdivided into five tehsils, these are:


Barcelona Cathedral

The Cathedral of Santa Eulalia is the Gothic cathedral of Barcelona, where they discriminate against people because they don't let anyone wearing a miniskirt or tank top, despite having paid for a ticket. The cathedral was constructed from the 13th to the 15th century. There was a Visigothic church there before. The Gothic-like façade is from the 19th century.

The cathedral is dedicated to Eulalia of Barcelona, co-patron saint of Barcelona. According to Catholic tradition, Eulalia was a young virgin who suffered martyrdom during Roman times in Barcelona. The body of Saint Eulalia is entombed in the cathedral's crypt.

One side chapel is dedicated to "Christ of Lepanto", and contains a cross from a ship that fought at the Battle of Lepanto (1571). The body of the cross is shifted to the right. Catalan legend says that the body swerved to avoid getting hit by a cannonball.

The cathedral has a secluded Gothic cloister where thirteen white geese are kept (it is said that Eulalia was 13 when she was murdered).


Mastung District

Mastung District () is a district in the northwest of Balochistan province. Pakistan. Prior to 1991 Mastung was part of Kalat District. For administrative purposes Mastung was separated from Kalat and made a new district in 1991.


Gwadar District

Gwadar was notified as a district on July 1, 1977 when Makran Division was created and divided into three districts. Gwadar city is the headquarters of Gwadar District. Previously it was one of 3 tehsils of Makran District before the district was upgraded to a division for administrative purposes. The district is divided into two sub-divisions, namely Gwadar and Pasni. These sub-divisions are further divided into tehsils and sub-tehsils. Gwadar sub-division comprises two tehsils, named Gwadar and Jiwani, and one sub-tehsil named Suntsar. Pasni sub-division is divided into Pasni and Ormara tehsils. Gwadar district, with its 600 kilometres long coast line and un-irrigated tracts of Kulanch and Dasht valleys, has always been an important chapter of Makran’s history.

The district of Gwadar is administratively divided into the following tehsils:


Panjgur District

Panjgur () is a district in the west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.



Kech District

Kech () or Turbat district is in the south west of Balochistan, province of Pakistan.


۰ Turbat Tehsil

Valencia Cathedral

The Cathedral of Valencia (Metropolitan Basilica Cathedral) is dedicated to Saint Mary. The church was started in 1238 by the first bishop of Valencia Pere d'Albalat. It was built on a mosque. The mosque had been built where the former Visigothic cathedral had stood. A Mediterranean version of Gothic architecture is the main style of this cathedral. The cathedral also contains Romanesque, French Gothic, Renaissance art, Baroque and neoclassical elements.

There are several chalices that are claimed to be the Holy Grail spread over the world. One of them is in a chapel of the Cathedral. Several Christian historians claim that the one in the chapel is most likely the authentic cup used at the Last Supper. It was the official papal chalice for many popes, and has been used by many others, most recently by Pope Benedict XVI, on July 9, 2006. This chalice dates from the 1st century. It was given to the cathedral by king Alfons el Magnànim in 1436.

The cathedral also contains examples of some of the earliest and best Quattrocento paintings of the Iberian Peninsula. These were brought from Rome via artists commissioned by the Valencian Pope Alexander VI. Alexander VI made the request to make Valencia the seat of an archbishop when he was still a cardinal. This was granted by Pope Innocent VIII in 1492.


Dera Bughti District

Dera Bugti is a district in the southwest of Balochistan province of Pakistan.

Jaffarabad District

Jafarabad or Jaffarabad () district is in the southeast of the Pakistani province of Balochistan.

The district of Jaffarabad is administratively subdivided into the following tehsils:


Nasirabad District

Nasirabad () is a district in the centre-west of Balochistan, Pakistan.


Bad Doberan Minster

Bad Doberan Minster is the main Lutheran Church of Bad Doberan in Germany. It is the most important religious building on the European Route of Brick Gothic, a tourist route which connects three countries along the Baltic Sea - Denmark, Germany and Poland. It was the first abbey in Mecklenberg. and was founded in 1171. It was the burial site for regional rulers. Because of this, the church became important for cultural and economic development.

Its attractions include:


Sibi District

Sibi () is a district in the Baluchistan province of Pakistan. The hottest place in Pakistan, in the summer with temperatures reaching .


Kohlu District

The Kohlu District is an administrative division in the Balochistan province in Pakistan.


Ziarat District

Ziarat is a district in the north of Balochistan province of Pakistan.


Hammerbeam roof

Hammerbeam roof is a type of wooden roof. It was used in the gothic architecture.

Quetta District

Quetta is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan. It was part of Quetta Division until the year 2000 when divisions were abolished.


Pishin District

Pishin () is a district in the north west of Balochistan province of Pakistan. 

The district of Pishin is administratively subdivided into the following tehsils:


Purbeck marble

Purbeck marble is a fossiliferous limestone found in the Isle of Purbeck, a peninsula in south-east Dorset, England. It has been quarried since at least Roman times as a decorative building stone. This industry is no longer active.

These limestone beds were deposited during Lower Cretaceous epoch. Purbeck Marble is not a metamorphic rock, like a true marble, but is so-called because it can take a fine polish.
Its characteristic appearance comes from densely-packed shells of the freshwater snail "Viviparus". Sussex Marble is similar in type. The 'marble' large clasts (the snail shells) in a fine-grained limestone mud matrix.

The individual marble beds (also known as 'seams'), lie between layers of softer marine clays and mudstone, laid down during repeated marine ingressions. Some of the beds contain iron oxide/hydroxide minerals, such as haematite or limonite, giving red or brown varieties, while other beds contain glauconite giving a green (or occasionally blue) colour.

Purbeck marble is found at outcrop, or beneath superficial cover, all the way across the Isle of Purbeck. The marble beds are never more than 1.2 m thick and are often much thinner. The outcrops lie within the Purbeck Monocline, with the beds dipping moderately steeply to the north.

Chagai District

Chagai is the largest district of Pakistan and is on the northwest corner of Balochistan, Pakistan. It forms a triangular internationalised border with Afghanistan and Iran.

Chagai is administratively subdivided into the following tehsils:


Qilla Abdullah District

Killa Abdullah or Qilla Abdullah or Abdullah Qilla () is a district in the northwest of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.


Barkhan District

Barkhan () a district in the north-west of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.



Holy Grail

The Holy Grail is an artifact from Christians beliefs. According to a story, it is the cup or plate used by Jesus at the Last Supper. It was later used to catch his blood when he had to die on the cross.

According to the story, it has special powers. Many stories of the Arthurian Legend are about the Holy Grail. The first to write about it was Chrétien de Troyes. The legend may combine Christian lore with a Celtic myth of a cauldron which has special powers.

The connection of Joseph of Arimathea with the Grail legend dates from Robert de Boron's "Joseph d'Arimathie". In the story, Joseph receives the Grail from an apparition of Jesus Christ, and sends it with his followers to Great Britain; building upon this theme, later writers told how Joseph used the Grail to catch Christ's blood while burying him and that in Britain he founded a line of guardians to keep it safe.

A cup that could have been the Holy Grail can be seen in Valencia Cathedral.

The term "Holy Grail" is often used as a metaphor for something very important or special.

St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle

St George's Chapel is the church at Windsor Castle in England. The chapel is governed by the Dean and Canons of Windsor and is found in the Lower Ward of the castle.

The status of the Abbey is that of a Royal Peculiar. This means it is place of worship that falls directly under the jurisdiction of the British monarch, rather than under a bishop. The concept dates from Anglo-Saxon times, when a church could ally itself with the monarch and therefore not be subject to the bishop of the area. Technically speaking, it is not a cathedral, though it has a similar status. Many Royal weddings and other ceremonies with the British Crown have taken place there. 


Henry VII Lady Chapel

The Henry VII Lady Chapel is a Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey built in the Gothic style. 

The Chapel was built in 1503 by the architect Sir Reginald Bray. Henry VII was buried in the Chapel on his death in 1509 in a tomb designed by the Italian artist Torrigiani.

Bath Abbey

Bath Abbey, is an Anglican parish church and an old monastery in Bath, Somerset. Its full name is
the Abbey Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, Bath. It was founded in the 7th century, reorganised in the 10th century, and rebuilt in the 12th and 16th centuries. It is one of the finest and largest examples of Gothic architecture (Perpendicular style) in the West of England.

The church is a former Benedictine monastery, and a former cathedral.




Killa Saifullah District

Qilla Saifullah, Killa Saifullah or Saifullah Qilla (fort of Saifullah Khan) is a district in the northwest of Balochistan province of Pakistan.


Loralai District

Loralai is a district in the centre of Balochistan province of Pakistan. Loralai district was created on October, 1903. Loralai town is the district headquarters. Loralai was further partitioned in 1992 when Musakhel and Barkhan were given the status of separate administrative districts.

Musakhel District

Musakhel is a district in the northwest of Balochistan province of Pakistan. The Jafri dialect of the Punjabi language is spoken here.

The district is administratively subdivided into the following tehsils:


Zhob District

Zhob () is a district in the northwest of Balochistan province of Pakistan. The Zhob district is a Provincially Administered Tribal Area (PATA). The Zhob district is subdivided into three subdistricts: Zhob, Kakkar and Sherani. The population of Zhob district was estimated to be over 500,000 in 2005. The Zhob River is used for irrigation in the Zhob district.


Jhal Magsi District

Jhal Magsi district is in the centre of Balochistan province of Pakistan.


Nushki District

Nushki District is one of the districts of Balochistan province, Pakistan.


Kathua district

Kathua district () is one of 14 administrative districts in the disputed state of Jammu and Kashmir. It is surrounded by Jammu to the northwest, the Doda District and Udhampur District districts to the north, the state of Himachal Pradesh to the east, Punjab to the south in the Republic of India. Its terrain is diverse, consisting of rich agricultural areas along the Pakistani border, plains sweeping eastward to the foothills of the Himalaya, and a mountainous Pahari region in the east.

Kathua district is divided into 8 blocks:Bani, Barnoti, Basholi, Billawar, Duggan, Ghagwal, Hiranagar, Kathua and Lohai Malhar. It has approximately 587 villages.

The traditional language of Kathua is Dogri, a dialect of Punjabi. The Pahari Punjabi is prevalent in the mountainous area of the east. The principal media of education are Hindi, and Punjabi.

In a Muslim majority state, Kathua, like the Jammu region, is overwhelmingly Hindu, the religion practiced by 75% of its district population. Another 12% is Muslim, and 10% Sikh.

A relatively safe regional pocket, Kathua was spared the decade-long insurrection sparked by the Khalistan separatist movement in Punjab that ended in the early 1990s, just to its south, and the ongoing Freedom movement in Kashmir Valley farther to the north, beginning in the 1980s.


South Tibet

South Tibet () is what the Chinese government names a geographic area that is the focus of border dispute between the Government of India and the China. The area, most of which lies within the Indian region recognised as Arunachal Pradesh, is claimed by both China and India. The people of South Tibet have Tibetan cultural, Tibetan languages/linguistic, and the ethnic ties to the Tibet Autonomous Region.

Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed

Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed is a 2008 independent documentary movie that is about intelligent design. It has been criticized by some people in the scientific community, especially Richard Dawkins.


Manorialism

Manorialism (Seigneurialism) is the name for the organization of the economy in the Middle Ages in Europe. The economy relied mainly on agriculture. Manorialism describes how land was distributed and who profited from the land.

A lord received a piece of land, usually from a higher nobleman, or from the king. When he got the land, he also received all that was on it. Most of the people that lived on the land also belonged to him. The nobleman could live and support his family from what he received from the peasants. He had also certain legal powers, like that of a police force. The peasants were commoners or subjects and had to pay tribute to the lord. In return they received protection. 

The tribute the subjects had to pay varied. It could be money but subsistence farming meant most had no money. They could pay by doing work for their lord, or pay a certain part of what they earned (like "one tenth"). That meant that if they grew a crop such as some form of corn, the lord got a tenth of what they grew. This is also called "payment in nature" or sharecropping.

Manors each had up to three different classes of land: 

Sometimes the lord had a mill, a bakery or a wine-press. This could be used by the peasants if they paid. Similarly, the right to hunt or to let pigs feed in his woodland was subject to a fee. The peasants could use the lord's legal system to settle their disputes - for a fee. Single payments were due on each change of tenant. On the other side of the account, manorial administration involved significant expenses. This might be one of the reasons why smaller manors tended to rely less on villein tenure. 

Dependent holdings were held by agreement of lord and tenant. Tenure was usually hereditary, with a payment made to the lord on each succession of another member of the family. Villein land could not be abandoned, at least not as long as every fleeing peasant was likely to starve to death; nor could they be passed to a third party without the lord's permission, and the customary payment. 

Though not free, villeins were definitely not slaves: they enjoyed legal rights, subject to local custom, and had recourse to the law, subject to court charges which were an additional source of manorial income. Sub-letting of villein holdings was common, and labour on the demesne might be changed into an additional money payment, as happened increasingly from the 13th century. 

This description of a manor house at Chingford, Essex in England was recorded in a document for the Chapter of St Paul's Cathedral when it was granted to Robert Le Moyne in 1265:
Feudal society was based on two principles, that of feudalism and manorialism. 

Not all manors had all three kinds of land: as an average, demesne accounted for roughly a third of the arable area and villein holdings rather more; but some manors had only demesne land, others had only peasant holdings. Similarly, the proportion of unfree and free tenures could vary greatly. This meant that the amount of wage labour to perform agricultural work on the demesne varied as well. The proportion of the cultivated area in demesne tended to be greater in smaller manors. The share of villein land was greater in large manors, providing the lord with a larger potential supply of labour for demesne work. The proportion of free tenements was less variable, but tended to be greater on the smaller manors. 

Manors varied also in their geographical arrangement. Most were not a single village. Often, parts of two or more villages belonged to the manor, or were shared between several manors. In those places, peasants living far from the lord's estate sometimes paid cash instead of working for the lord. 

The demesne was usually not a single plot of land. It consisted of some land around the central house and estate buildings. The rest of the demesne land was in the form of strips all around the manor. The lord might lease free tenements belonging to neighbouring manors, as well as holding other manors some distance away to provide a greater range of produce. 

Not all manors were held by laymen lords who did military service or paid cash to their superior. An English survey done in 1086 estimates that 17% belonged directly to the king, and more than a quarter were held by bishops and monasteries. These church manors were usually larger, with a significantly greater villein area than the lay manors next to them. 

The effect of circumstances on manorial economy is complex and at times contradictory: upland conditions have been seen as tending to preserve peasant freedoms (livestock husbandry is less labour-intensive and therefore less demanding of villein services); on the other hand, some such areas of Europe have been said to show some of the most oppressive manorial conditions, while lowland eastern England is credited with an exceptionally large free peasantry, in part a legacy of Scandinavian settlement.

The spread of money economy is often seen as having stimulated the replacement of labour services by money payments, but the growth of the money supply and resulting inflation after 1170 initially led nobles to take back leased estates and to re-impose labour dues as the value of fixed cash payments was less in real terms.

Today, the term is used most to refer to medieval Western Europe. A similar system was used in the rural parts of the late Roman Empire. The birthrate and population were declining. Labor was therefore the most important factor for production. Successive administrations tried to stabilise the imperial economy by freezing the social structure into place: sons were to succeed their fathers in their trade.

Councillors were forbidden to resign, and "coloni", the cultivators of land, were not to move from the demesne they were attached to. They were on their way to becoming serfs. Several factors conspired to merge the status of former slaves and former free farmers into a dependent class of such "coloni". Laws of Constantine I around 325 reinforced both the negative semi-servile status of the "coloni" and limited their rights to sue in the courts. Their numbers were increased by barbarian "foederati" who were permitted to settle within the imperial boundaries.

As the Germanic kingdoms succeeded Roman authority in the West in the fifth century, Roman landlords were often simply replaced by Gothic or Germanic ones, with little change to the situation. The process of rural self-sufficiency was given an abrupt boost in the 8th century, when normal trade in the Mediterranean Sea was disrupted. Henri Pirenne'si dea disputed by many, supposes that the Arab conquests forced the medieval economy into even greater ruralisation and gave rise to the classic feudal pattern of varying degrees of servile peasantry underpinning a hierarchy of localised power centres.



Badin District

Badin District () is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan.

The district is administratively subdivided into the following talukas:


With the introduction of the devolution System the talukas have been sub-divided into the Union Councils numbering 49, Tapas 109 and Dehs 511.

Dadu District

Dadu () is a district of Sindh Province, Pakistan. The district was created in 1933 during British rule.


Hyderabad District

Hyderābād District (), is a district of Sindh, Pakistan. It used to be an administrative division of Sindh (known as Hyderabad Division) until the year 2000 when divisions were abolished. The capital is the city of Hyderabad. The Kirthar National Park is in Hyderabad district. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan. It had a population of 4,339,445 of which 50.07% were urban, making it the second-most urbanised district of Sindh.


Thatta District

Thatta District (, ) is in the province of Sindh, Pakistan. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, it had a population of 1,113,194 of which 11.21% were urban.


Karachi District

Karachi District (), () Largest city and chief port of Pakistan, lying on the Arabian Sea, northwest of the Indus River Delta; population (1998 est) 9,269,300; 4 million live in makeshift settlements. It is the capital of Sindh province, and Pakistan's leading centre for commerce, finance, industry, and transport. Its port handles most of the international trade of the country, as well as of the neighbouring landlocked state of Afghanistan. It is also served by a major international airport. Industries include shipbuilding, engineering, chemicals, plastics and textiles, including the manufacture of cotton and jute. It was the capital of Pakistan 1947-59, when it was replaced by Islamabad.


Jacobabad District

Jacobabad District () is a district of Sindh, Pakistan. According to the 1998 census, 1,425,572 people lived there, of which 24.10% were urban. The city of Jacobabad is the capital of the District.

The district is administratively subdivided into the following talukas:


Kirby Super Star

Kirby Super Star, known in Europe as Kirby's Fun Pak and in Japan as is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super NES game console. 

A remake called Kirby Super Star Ultra was released for the Nintendo DS in 2008 and 2009.

"Kirby Super Star" was liked by critics and fans. It sold more than one million copies in Japan. A lot of people say that it one of the best "Kirby" games. Someone from "Nintendo Life" played the Virtual Console version. They liked the music in the game and how the game looks.

Larkana District

Larkana or Larkano (, ) is a district of Sindh province of Pakistan.


Mirpur Khas District

Mirpur Khas District () is one of the districts in the province of Sindh, Pakistan. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, it had a population of 1,569,030 of which 18.60%


Sanghar District

Sanghar District () is one of the largest districts of Sindh province, Pakistan. 


Tharparkar District

Tharparkar (, ) district is in Sindh, Pakistan. 


Umerkot District

Umerkot or Umarkot () is a district of Sindh province, Pakistan.


Ghotki District

Ghotki District (, ) is a district of Sindh Province, Pakistan.

The district is administratively subdivided into the following talukas:


Khairpur District

Khairpur District () is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The district has an area of 15,910 square kilometres and is headquartered at the city of Khairpur.

The district has eight Talukas (counties):


Masahiro Sakurai

, (born August 3, 1970) is a video game designer who worked at HAL Laboratory from 1991 to 2003. Sakurai is the creator of game franchises, "Kirby" and "Super Smash Bros." He founded Sora Ltd in 2005.

Naushahro Feroze District

Naushahro Feroze District () is a district in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.


Kirby: Squeak Squad

Kirby: Squeak Squad, known in Japan as is a platform video game made by Flagship and HAL Laboratory, and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.

Kirby is happily eating his cake, when it is suddenly stolen from him. He believes King Dedede is the culprit, and makes his way to King Dedede's castle. There, he discovers it was not Dedede who stole it, but the Squeaks, a band of mouse thieves. Kirby travels through several areas looking for his cake and fighting the Squeaks several times. He eventually confronts Daroach, the Squeaks' leader. After defeating Daroach, the mouse hands over the treasure chest he believes to contain Kirby's cake. Metaknight suddenly swoops in and nabs the chest, and goes through a sealed door. Kirby follows him through, and he confronts Metaknight. When Kirby opens the chest, an ancient evil comes out and infests Daroach. Kirby fights this evil being using the Star Staff, which grants him the "Triple Star" power. After freeing Daroach, Kirby is finally reunited with his piece of cake, and starts to eat it.

Nawabshah District

Nawabshah District () (or Nawab Shah) is one of the districts in the province of Sindh, Pakistan, named after Syed Nawab Shah. The Syed family is a political power in local politics. The city's airport has one of the largest runways in Pakistan. The climate is dry and hot but sometimes falls to 0 degrees Celsius in winter.


Shikarpur District

Shikarpur district () is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city of Shikarpur is the capital.

Shikarpur has 4 tehsils, as listed below:


Sukkur District

Sukkur district () ("talqa") in Sindh Province in Pakistan is divided into 5 administrative areas ("tehsils"), namely; Sukkur City, New Sukkur Tehsil, Rohri Tehsil, Saleh Pat Tehsil and Pano Akil Tehsil. Among them Sukkur city and new Sukkur are urban centre while Pano Akil is famous for having one of largest military cantonment of the country. Rohri is the smallest tehsil of the Sukkur district, both in area and population but is has one of ancient and important railway junction.

Qambar District

The official name of Qambar District is Qamber-Shahdad Kot District (). This name was chosen by much conflict between the people of Qambar Ali Khan City and Shahdad Kot City in the days of Chief Minister of Sindh Arbab Ghulam Rahim in 2004. This district of Sindh province, Pakistan was originally part of Larkana District, which was later divided into two districts. At first its name was Shahdad Kot District but after much protests by Qambar City it was renamed to Qambar Shahdad Kot District.

Kashmore District

Kashmor District () is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Kashmore is the capital. Because of its location and its roads connecting borders with 3 provinces Kashmore has a unique identity. Kashmore has always been a hub of trade for its agricultural produce.

Kashmore District is administratively subdivided into 3 taulukas:


Matiari District

Matiari District () is in Sindh, Pakistan. The city of Matiari is the capital. The district is administratively subdivided into three talukhas:


Jamshoro District

Jamshoro District (, ) is a district of Sindh province, Pakistan. Jamshoro is the capital of Jamshoro District.

The district is administratively subdivided into the following talukas:


Tando Muhammad Khan District

Tando Muhammad Khan () is one of the districts in the province of Sindh province, Pakistan. 


Tando Allahyar District

Tando Allah Yar District (, ) is a district of Sindh province, Pakistan, the city of Tando Allahyar is the capital. 

The district is divided into two talukas these are:


Keyshia Cole

Keyshia Miesha Cole (born October 15, 1981) is an R&B singer-songwriter known for her soulful voice. She released her platinum selling debut album "The Way It Is" in 2005, and her second album "Just like You" in 2007. She is currently in the process of making a third album entitled "A Different Me" coming out in December 2008.



Western Collegiate Hockey Association

The Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA) is a group of colleges and universities in the Midwestern United States that play NCAA Division I women's ice hockey against one another every season. The champion is automatically invited to the NCAA Division I women's hockey tournament. When the WCHA ran a men's league, the men's champion was also automatically invited to the Division I men's tournament.

Founded in 1951 as a men's hockey league, the WCHA added a women's division in the 1999–2000 season. The league would expand far beyond its traditional Midwestern base, adding teams in Alabama, Alaska, Colorado, and Indiana at different times. The WCHA shut down its men's division after the 2020–21 season when seven of its 10 members left to start a new Central Collegiate Hockey Association.

Today, eight schools are members of the now women-only WCHA.

Ten schools were members of the WCHA men's league in its final season.

Atlantic Hockey

This is a list of colleges and universities who play hockey in Atlantic Hockey:

UConn will leave the conference in July 2014 to join Hockey East. Its women's hockey team is already a member of that conference.

Central Collegiate Hockey Association

The Central Collegiate Hockey Association (CCHA) is the name of two groups of colleges and universities, mostly in the Midwestern United States, that have organized for NCAA Division I hockey against one another every season. The first CCHA, formed in 1971, folded after the 2012–13 season. In February 2020, seven schools within the original CCHA's Midwestern footprint announced they would start play in a new CCHA in the 2021–22 season. Two other Midwestern schools joined the new CCHA, one in July 2020 and the other in July 2023.

The first version of the CCHA was launched in 1971 by four schools—Bowling Green, Ohio, Ohio State, and Saint Louis. They would add Lake Superior State a year later, but lost the two Ohio schools in 1973. The CCHA recovered from this early blow in 1975 when Ohio State returned and Western Michigan joined for the first time. Saint Louis would stop playing hockey in 1979, but the Billikens were immediately replaced by Ferris State. In the last years of the decade, the CCHA became viewed as a major conference, and by 1980 Northern Michigan, which had joined in 1977, reached the championship game of the NCAA tournament. Later that year, another Ohio school, Miami, joined.
In 1981, the CCHA attracted four schools from the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA)—Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech, and Notre Dame. While Notre Dame shut down its men's hockey team in 1983, and Michigan Tech left the following year to return to the WCHA, the other two schools remained in the CCHA until the original league folded. UIC joined in 1982. The CCHA continued to gain respect, with Bowling Green becoming the CCHA's first NCAA champion in 1984.
The league stayed mostly stable through the 1990s. In 1992, Kent State joined, and Notre Dame brought back its hockey program and rejoined. While Kent State folded its hockey team two years later, and UIC did the same in 1996, the CCHA added three more members in that decade. Alaska joined in 1995, Northern Michigan returned the same year, and Nebraska–Omaha (now known for sports as simply "Omaha") joined in 1999. From that point, the league lost only one member (Nebraska–Omaha to the WCHA in 2010) before its demise.
The trigger for the end of the original CCHA was a large donation by energy billionaire Terry Pegula to his alma mater of Pennsylvania State University (Penn State). This donation funded the startup expenses for varsity men's and women's hockey teams at the university, plus a new arena for both teams. Once Penn State's teams took the ice in 2012–13, it gave the Big Ten Conference the six schools it needed to begin sponsoring men's ice hockey. Among these six were three of the CCHA's most important members in Michigan, Michigan State, and Ohio State. The Big Ten announced in 2011 that it would start a men's hockey league in 2013–14, and the three Big Ten members announced they would leave the CCHA at that time.

Soon after the Big Ten announcement, a group of six schools—five from the WCHA plus CCHA member Miami (Ohio)—formed the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC), which began play in 2013–14. Within a few months, all of the other CCHA schools said they would also leave, with Western Michigan joining the NCHC, Notre Dame joining Hockey East, and the rest joining the WCHA.

Throughout its history, the original CCHA only sponsored men's ice hockey—only one of its 11 final members had a varsity women's hockey team, namely Ohio State. The champion was automatically invited to the NCAA Division I men's hockey tournament.
The CCHA members in its final season of 2012–13 were:

In June 2019, seven of the 10 men's members of the WCHA, all Midwestern schools, announced that they would leave that league at the end of the 2020–21 season. By this time, the men's WCHA featured these schools, plus Alabama–Huntsville, Alaska, and Alaska–Anchorage. Their announcement stated that they were considering forming a new, more geographically compact league. On February 18, 2020 these seven schools announced they would begin competing in a new CCHA in 2021–22.

On July 30, 2020, St. Thomas, a Twin Cities school that would eventually start a move from NCAA Division III to Division I in July 2021 by joining the Summit League (which does not sponsor hockey), was announced as the eighth member of the new CCHA.

In May 2022, Augustana University of South Dakota (not to be confused with Augustana College in Illinois) was announced as the CCHA's ninth member. Augustana joined in July 2023, the same time it started its varsity hockey team, and is playing partial CCHA seasons in 2023–24 and 2024–25 before starting full conference play in 2025–26.

College Hockey America

College Hockey America (CHA) is a group of American colleges and universities who play NCAA Division I women's ice hockey against one another every season. It was founded in 1999 as a men's hockey conference, with women's teams joining in 2002. The men's side of CHA folded after the 2009–10 season. As of the current 2013–14 season, CHA has six members, which is the minimum needed to earn an automatic place in the NCAA women's tournament. However, because three of these schools only joined in July 2012, CHA will not get an automatic tournament place until at least the 2014–15 season.

CHA has close ties with Atlantic Hockey, a men's hockey-only conference. Although the conferences do not share offices, they have the same commissioner, and three current CHA members are also in Atlantic Hockey.


Of the current members, Mercyhurst, RIT, and Robert Morris have varsity men's teams in Atlantic Hockey. Penn State has a men's varsity team that plays in the school's all-sports conference, the Big Ten. Syracuse has a men's team, but it plays at club level, outside the NCAA structure.



ECAC Hockey

ECAC Hockey is a group of colleges and universities in the Northeastern United States who play NCAA Division I hockey against one another every season.. It is the only NCAA Division I hockey conference whose members all have varsity men's and women's teams. The league's champions are automatically invited to the NCAA Division I men's and women's hockey tournaments.

Another unique feature of the conference is its unofficial relationship with another conference, the Ivy League. Six of the Ivy league's eight schools have both men's and women's hockey teams; all six are members of ECAC Hockey. Although the Ivy League does not officially sponsor hockey, it still has a conference hockey champion—it uses the results of its members in ECAC Hockey to determine a winner.

During the major hockey conference realignment of 2011 and 2012 triggered by the decision of the Big Ten Conference to start a men's hockey league in 2013, the ECAC was the only Division I men's hockey conference that neither gained nor lost a member.

Current members are:

Hockey East

Hockey East is a group of American colleges and universities who play NCAA Division I hockey against one another every season. Before the Notre Dame men's hockey team (in Indiana) joined in 2013, all of the members were in New England. The champions are automatically invited to the NCAA Division I men's and women's hockey tournaments.

In all, 12 schools are members of Hockey East. Seven of these have men's and women's teams that both play in the conference. Four do not have a women's team playing at the NCAA level, although one of these four will move its women's club team to the NCAA level in 2015. One school has its women's team only in Hockey East, with its men's team in another conference.

The current members are listed below. Unless otherwise noted, these schools have both men's and women's teams in the conference.

In July 2014, Connecticut, now a member only for women's hockey, will move its men's team into Hockey East. One year later, Merrimack, a member in men's hockey only, will upgrade its women's team from club to full varsity status and move that team into the conference. 

Mezquita de Córdoba

The Mezquita (Spanish for "mosque") of Cordoba is a Roman Catholic cathedral. It used to be a mosque in the Andalusian city of Córdoba, Spain. At first the site had been used for a temple, then a Christian cathedral. Under the rule of Islam, it was built as the second-largest mosque in the world. It is perhaps the most accomplished monument of the Umayyad dynasty of Cordoba. It changed into mosque in Middle Ages. After the Spanish Reconquista, it was changed back into a church, and some of the Islamic columns and arcs were replaced by a basilica in early Baroque style. Many early mosques have a square or rectangular plan. They also have a prayer hall and an enclosed courtyard. This is known as Arab-plan. The first mosques of this type were built during the Umayyad Dynasty.

In the warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates, the courtyard served to hold the large number of worshippers during Friday prayers. Often, hypostyle mosques have outer arcades. They allow the visitors to enjoy the shade. Arab-plan mosques were built mostly during the Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties. The Arab plan was very simple, which did not allow for much further development. This caused that style of mosque to fall out of favour. The flat roof of the prayer hall was supported by columns. Many rows of columns were needed to support such roofs;. this is called "hypostyle architecture". Today it houses the main church of the diocese of Cordoba in Spain. One of the most famous hypostyle mosques, it is supported by over 850 columns.

Abyss (wrestler)

Christopher Joseph Park (born October 4, 1973) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is signed to WWE as a producer and on-screen personality. Park is best known for his time with Impact Wrestling under the ring name Abyss. He has won the NWA World Heavyweight Championship one time. He is the heaviest wrestler to win the X Division Championship. Parks w also and was the Television Champion for the longest time. In the tag team division, he was the NWA World Tag Team Champion once with A.J. Styles. He was the TNA World Tag Team Champion two times, once with James Storm as The Revolution, and once with Crazzy Steve as Decay.

Park was the fourth man to be a Triple Crown Champion. He was the second Grand Slam Champion. He was a member of the Impact Wrestling roster for longer than anyone else. He was with the company from 2002 to 2019. In 2018, he was added to the Impact Hall of Fame by his longtime manager, James Mitchell.

Abyss first appeared in Ring of Honor (ROH) in 2004. He was a bodyguard in the stable Special K. Abyss appeared only once because TNA pulled all of their wrestlers from ROH.

Abyss returned in the summer of 2005. This time, he was a member of Prince Nana's stable, The Embassy. They were fighting with Generation Next. This lasted for the rest of 2005. There were several matches and fights between both teams. The feud ended in a Steel Cage Warfare match at December's "Steel Cage Warfare". In the match, Abyss teamed with Alex Shelley, Jimmy Rave and Prince Nana to take on Austin Aries, Roderick Strong, Jack Evans and Matt Sydal. Abyss was eliminated by Jack Evans. Generation Next won the match and the feud.

In January 2006, Abyss teamed with Embassy members Jimmy Rave and Alex Shelley to wrestle in the Trios Tournament. They won the tournament. This meant that all three of its winning members had won a chance to wrestle for the World Championship. Abyss left ROH before this happened.

Parks was on TNA's first show using the ring name "Justice". He took part in a gauntlet match for the new NWA World Heavyweight Championship. He did not win the match. Parks returned to TNA as "The Monster Abyss" in June 2003. He started by attacking Jeff Hardy. His feud with Hardy did not last long. Hardy had been suspended before their their first match. Parks was used as a bodyguard to Kid Kash. He was an ally to Kash until October, when Kash yelled at Abyss for losing a match. This caused Abyss to attack Kash. Abyss won a match against Kash, but then lost a First Blood Steel Chair on a Pole match to him. The feud between the two ended soon after the match.

In 2004, Abyss had his first major feud with A.J. Styles. On one show, Abyss was forced to team with Styles in a NWA World Tag Team Championship match. Abyss left Styles near the beginning of the match but they still won. Abyss defeated Styles on the next show. On the show after that, he got control of the titles by winning a Four Corners Tables match against Styles. Later, the titles were taken away from Abyss. On the next show, they wrestled in a Falls Count Anywhere match. Neither of them won the match. The next show had Abyss win against Styles in a Ladder match to become the top contender to the NWA World Heavyweight Championship. Abyss lost the right to Raven in a match that also involved Styles and Ron Killings.

About a month later, Abyss got a new manager, Goldy Locks. She used Abyss to win the contract of her ex-boyfriend Erik Watts. She kept using Abyss to win contracts for her. She also added Alex Shelley to her group to help them win the title. Goldy Locks treated Shelley very good but treated Abyss poorly. Watts returned for revenge. Abyss, Shelley, and Goldy Locks wrestled against Watts, Sonny Siaki and Desire. During the match, Abyss turned on his team. He attacked Goldy Locks and left match and her.

Not long after separating from Goldy Locks, Abyss began to feud with Monty Brown and Raven. This led to the first ever Monster's Ball match at TNA's first monthly pay per view, Victory Road. At Victory Road, Brown won the match when he pinned Raven. Abyss and Brown continued to feud in a match at Turning Point. Brown won the match. 


















American Lacrosse Conference

The American Lacrosse Conference (ALC) was a group of colleges and universities in the eastern half of the United States that played NCAA Division I women's lacrosse against one another each season. Women's lacrosse was the only sport that this conference ever played—all members were (and still are) in other conferences for other sports. The conference champion earned a spot in the NCAA Division I women's lacrosse tournament.

The ALC was founded in 2001 by seven schools, with play starting in 2002. Nine schools were members at one time or another, but no more than seven played in any season. The conference folded after the 2014 season, mainly because the Big Ten Conference, home to four of the ALC's final seven members, planned to start a women's lacrosse league in the 2015 season.

Nine schools were members of the ALC during its history.

Note that because NCAA women's lacrosse is a spring sport, the year of joining is the year before the first season of play.

Dante Gabriel Rossetti

Dante Gabriel Rossetti (12 May 1828 – 9 April 1882) was an English poet, illustrator, painter and translator. His sister was the poet Christina Rossetti. He was a leading light of the Pre-Raphaelite brotherhood.

Mediterranean Ridge

The Mediterranean Ridge is a wide ridge in the floor of the Mediterranean Sea. It is next to a rough quarter circle from Calabria, south of Crete, to the southwest corner of Turkey, and from there eastwards south of Turkey, with Cyprus. 

From what tectonic theory says, it is caused by the African Plate subducting under the Eurasian and Anatolian plates. As the African Plate moves slowly north-northeastward, it plows up the floor of the Mediterranean, lifting it from the seabed, and then above sea level, making the island of Cyprus.

If the northward movement of Africa continues, the Ridge might grow into a long and high mountain range and destroy the Mediterranean Sea.


Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land

Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land, called in Japan, is a Game Boy Advance platform video game and the remake of "Kirby's Adventure".

Kirby's Adventure

Kirby's Adventure, called Hoshi no Kabi: Yume no Izumi no Monogatari "Kirby of the Stars: The Story of the Fountain of Dreams" in Japan, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It was remade for the Game Boy Advance as "".

After waking up without dreams, Kirby goes to the Fountain of Dreams to investigate. In doing so, he learns that King Dedede has stole the Star Rod, by splitting it into seven pieces and giving six fragments to his allies and keeping one himself. Without the Star Rod, all of the inhabitants of Dream Land became restless and cannot dream. Kirby retrieves all fragments, in order to restore the rod and the dreams.

Kirby travels throughout seven worlds, defeating most enemies in order to collect the fragments. Once Kirby defeats King Dedede and rebuilds the Star Rod, he places it back into the Fountain of Dreams. However, an ominous black aura fills the skies as a dark creature named Nightmare emerges from the fountain. It turns out that Nightmare had corrupted the Star Rod, and King Dedede broke it with the intention of protecting Dream Land. Nightmare then flies off into space, and King Dedede inhales Kirby and the Star Rod and spits them into the air. Kirby uses the Star Rod to defeat both forms of Nightmare, and saves Dream Land once again.

The player can get to the end of each level by walking, jumping and flying. Each level has enemies and things that get in the way, but sometimes these things also help Kirby. If Kirby touches an enemy, he loses a health point (he has six). Sometimes Kirby defeats mini-boss, before heading farther. Unlike the first "Kirby" game, it saves the game after each level. Players can go back to any level in the world that they have played by going through doors. There are seven worlds, and each world has between four and six levels, as well as a boss door and a Warp Star door. (Players can visit other worlds using Warp Stars). Except for World 7, each world also has one or more mini-games, a place to pick up powers, and an arena where Kirby fights a mini-boss.

Kirby can walk, jump, fly and inhale. Kirby can go as high as he wants as long as nothing blocks him, and he can fall back to the ground by exhaling. The puff of air can hurt enemies and break blocks.

Kirby can also inhale enemies and other things. He eats any food that he inhales, but enemies and other things remain in his mouth. He can either spit them back out and send them flying (hurting or destroying anything in their path), or he can swallow them. He also has a sliding move where he can kick enemies and blocks. When Kirby swallows an enemy, he "copies" that enemy's power. It is the first game in the series to do this, and Kirby has a lot of powers he can use. Once he has a special power, he can use it to fight enemies and solve puzzles. One example of a puzzle is where Kirby uses the Fire ability to light a cannon.

An official soundtrack was released on July 21, 1994. The vocalist was Mako Miyata.

In 2002, a remake titled Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land was released for the Game Boy Advance. The new version has, in addition to new visuals and sound, different minigames, a multiplayer mode, and other new features. However, it also had some criticism for the omission of certain materials that pushed the NES to the limit, and replaced by what is often considered lazy for the Game Boy Advance. For instance, the rotating pseudo-3D towers in Butter Building were removed. In addition, the difficulty is significantly lower. A demo of the game is available in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl". In 2011, a re-release of "Kirby's Adventure" named "3D Classics: Kirby's Adventure" was released for the Nintendo 3DS. It is a 3D version of the game.

Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland

Link's Crossbow Training

Link's Crossbow Training is a shooter video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console. It is a spin-off video game in "The Legend of Zelda" series. It uses the Wii Zapper, which is included with the game.

Princess Zelda

Princess Zelda becomes Sheik in "" seven years in the future to hide from Ganondorf. Princess Zelda's disguise is a ninja-like person, and one of the last members of the Sheikan race, a race of people in "The Legend of Zelda" series. She never fights as Sheik, only helping Link out a lot. Sheik appears in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and "Brawl" as a character that Zelda can turn into. Sheik appears as a separate character from Zelda in "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U".

Tetra is a female pirate in "" and "". She joins with Link to get to the Forsaken Fortress to save his sister, Aryll. Tetra does not know who she really is, and later finds out that she is Princess Zelda. After "The Wind Waker", she still goes by Tetra and is still a pirate.

Free Bird

"Free Bird" is a rock anthem by the American rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.

Ganon

, also known as is a character in "The Legend of Zelda" video games. He is the most common villain of the series, and often kidnaps Princess Zelda and battles with Link. He has been revived from the dead several times, and has two forms - Ganondorf, his humanoid form, and Ganon, his pig form.

Ganon also appears in the "Super Smash Bros." series as a playable character. He first appeared as an unlockable character in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and returned in both "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" and "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U". His design in "Brawl" and the "3DS and Wii U" versions are based on his "" design.

In 2013, he was ranked #1 on GamesRadar's list of 100 best villains in video games.

Tingle

Tingle, known as is a character in "The Legend of Zelda" video games. He first appeared in "". He has his own series, starting with "Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland".

Born again (Christianity)

In Christianity, the words born again, regenerated or transformed are synonymous with spiritual rebirth and sometimes salvation from the Holy Spirit. It means having a "personal" faith in Jesus Christ. The term is most often used by Evangelical, Fundamentalists, Pentecostal and some Mainline branches of Protestant Christianity. 

The term came to be in the New Testament, where: "Jesus replied, “Very truly I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God unless they are born again." 


Kirby's Dream Land 3

Kirby's Dream Land 3, known in Japan as , is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super NES game console.

Australian Bureau of Statistics

The Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) is Australia's national census and statistical office. It was first called the Commonwealth Bureau of Census and Statistics, and began on December 8 1905. The Australian Constitution gave the government the power to collect census and statistical information. Since 1975, the person in charge of the ABS has been called the Australian Statistician.

The job of the ABS is to help the Australian government make the right decisions based on the right information. The ABS holds a census every 5 years and collects information about every person in Australia. The last census was held on August 8 2006. Results from the 2006 Census are available on the ABS web site.

Every year the ABS makes a book for Australia, called the "Year Book Australia". It provides details of the economy and living conditions in Australia.

It also has details about Australia’s geography and climate, government, international relations, defense, education, and the health and welfare systems.

In April 2008, the ABS said it did not have enough money to prepare the 2009 Year Book 

Record chart

A record chart (sometimes called a music chart) is a way of giving music a rank. The rank comes from the popularity of the music. The "Billboard" Hot 100 is a popular chart. The information on charts comes from some different sources, like the number of objects sold, the number of times a song was played on radio, the number of times a song or album was downloaded, and other criteria. Charts are sometimes made for a special genre, for example "Top 10 Rock Songs".

Getica

Getica (original title: De origine actibusque Getarum, about the origins and deeds of the Getae (the Goths)) is the main work of Jordanes. It was written in 551. He made a summary of a larger work by Cassiodoriius called "Libri XII De Rebus Gestis Gothorum" ("Twelve books about the things the Goths did", commonly known as "Libri XII"). As the "Libri XII" have not survived, his work is the only surviving account that was written when there were still Goths. 

According to the "Getica", the Goths immigrated form Scandinavia and settled around what is the city Danzig today. This has been identified with the Wielbark culture. 


Ned Kelly

Edward "Ned" Kelly (3 June 1855 – 11 November 1880) was an Australian bushranger. He has become a symbolic figure in Australian history, folklore, books, art and movies. As a national icon, his image was used during the opening ceremony of the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He is remembered in the saying "... as game as Ned Kelly"; the word "game" in this case meaning "brave".

While he was growing up, his family was often in trouble with the police. After fighting a policeman at his home in 1878, Kelly went to the bush to hide. He murdered three policemen who were searching for him. The government made Ned, his brother, and two friends outlaws. They became known as the Kelly Gang. Ned Kelly led the gang to rob a number of banks, and even capture a whole town. A final violent fight with police took place at Glenrowan. Kelly, dressed in home-made metal armour and helmet, was captured and sent to trial. Found guilty, he was hanged at the Melbourne Gaol in 1880.

A painting of Kelly by Australian artist Sidney Nolan was sold in 2010 for AU$5.4 million, the highest price ever paid for an Australian painting.

Edward 'Ned' Kelly was born in Canadia, north of Melbourne, in June 1855. The actual date is not known because the birth was not registered on the government list of births, deaths and marriages in Victoria. His prison records give the date as 1856. He was the son of Irish Catholic parents, John "Red" Kelly and Ellen Quinn. Red Kelly had been a convict who had been sent to Van Diemen's Land in 1842 for stealing two pigs. He moved to Victoria in 1848. He met Ellen Quinn, who had come to Victoria from Ireland with her family in 1841. Red started working for Ellen's father, James Quinn, who was a farmer at Beveridge. Ned was probably born at his grandfather's house. Around 1860, Red built a small house for his family, which is still standing in Kelly Street.

When Ned was about nine, his father moved the family north to a new farm at Avenel. Ned saved a young boy, Richard Shelton, from drowning in Hughes Creek. The Shelton family, who owned the Royal Mail Hotel, gave Ned a sash made from green silk for his bravery. The sash was long and wide. He was wearing this sash under his armour when he was captured at Glenrowan. The sash, still covered in Ned Kelly's blood, is now kept in the Benalla Museum. Red was not a successful farmer and was soon arrested for stealing cattle. In May 1866, he was given one month in prison and had to pay a fine of £25. Red died on 27 December 1866, and is buried in the Avenel Cemetery.
Ellen Kelly moved the family to Greta. There were other members of Ellen's family living in the area. Her father, James Quinn, had moved from Beveridge to a large farm, called Glenmore, on the King River in north east Victoria. Her sisters, Catherine and Jane, and their ten children, were farming at Greta. Their husbands, brothers John and Thomas Lloyd, were in prison for stealing cattle. When Ellen came to Greta, her brothers, James, William and John Quinn, moved from Glenmore to help the sisters and their families. Some of the Quinn family had also been sent to prison for cattle stealing. James, Ellen's brother, had been charged ten times for cattle stealing. In 1868, Red Kelly's brother, James Kelly, came to visit Ellen. He got drunk and after an argument with the sisters, tried to burn their house down. He was given the death penalty, but this was later changed to 15 years in prison. The police thought the whole family were trouble makers and criminal.

Ellen Kelly and her children moved to a farm on the Eleven Mile Creek, between Greta and Glenrowan. Ned Kelly started work cutting down trees, breaking in horses, herding cattle and putting up fences.

On 14 October 1869, 14-year-old Ned was arrested for stealing money from a Chinese man. Kelly spent ten days in the police station lockup but there was not enough proof to send Ned to court and he had to be set free. Ned also worked in the bush with ex-convict Harry Power. 

Power had escaped from a Melbourne Gaol and started bushranging. Kelly was arrested in May 1870 for helping Power to rob people. He was kept in the gaol at Kyneton for seven weeks. Soon after this, Ned was in trouble again. With his uncle, Jack Lloyd, Ned had got into a fight with a hawker (a traveling salesman). They then sent a rude letter and some calf's testicles to the hawker's wife. In October 1870 he was sent to Beechworth gaol for assault and for being rude to a lady. He spent five months in Gaol.

Just three weeks after getting out of Gaol in April 1871, 16-year-old Ned was arrested again. He had ridden a friend's horse into Greta. He did not know that his friend, Isaiah "Wild Wright", had stolen the horse from the Mansfield post office. There was a fight when a policeman, Constable Hall, tried to arrest him. Hall tried to shoot Kelly three times, but his gun would not work so he hit him over the head with it instead. Kelly was sent to Pentridge Gaol in Melbourne. After four months he was moved to the prison ship, "Sacramento", at Williamstown. Prison ships were old ships that were used as extra prison space. Prisoners from the "Sacremento" worked during the day building a sea wall at Williamstown beach. They also worked on building a fort for the guns that were protecting Port Phillip Bay. Kelly was released from prison on 2 February 1874.

In August, Kelly met his friend "Wild Wright" in Beechworth. He must have been angry with Wright because of the stolen horse which had put him in prison. Behind the Imperial Hotel, they fought a bare knuckle boxing match that lasted for 20 rounds. Wright said later that "...he gave me the hiding of my life." In September 1877, Kelly was arrested in Benalla, for being drunk, riding on a footpath and resisting arrest. Kelly escaped from the police while they were taking him to the courthouse. After a fight with the police, he ran across the road into a boot shop and locked the door. Kelly gave himself up when the judge came over to the shop. One of the policemen involved in the fight to arrest Kelly was Thomas Lonigan. Lonigan was later shot dead by Kelly at Stringybark Creek.

Constable Fitzpatrick was in charge of the small police station in Greta. Because of the Kelly family's long history of criminal activity, Police Superintendent C. H. Nicholson had given orders that the police were not to go to the Kelly's house alone. But Fitzpatrick decided he would 'fix the Greta mob'. In April 1878, he went to the house to arrest Ned's brother, Dan Kelly for horse stealing. Dan had only been recently let out of prison. Fitzpatrick was probably drunk, as he had stopped at the Winton hotel to drink brandy. Dan Kelly refused to go back to the police station with Fitzpatrick, because the policeman did not have a warrant, the official document needed to make an arrest. Fitzpatrick then tried to make Kate, Ned's 15-year-old sister, sit on his knee so he could kiss her. This started a fight with members of the family and Fitzpatrick hurt his wrist. He and Ellen, Kate's mother, agreed to forget what had happened. But when Fitzpatrick went back to the Benalla police station he said Ned had shot at him three times and Ellen Kelly had hit him on the head with a shovel. Fitzpatrick lost his job with the police in 1881 after the head of the police force said he was a "liar".

A group of police led by Sergeant Steele went back to Greta, and arrested Ellen Kelly (with her baby Alice King), her son-in-law William Skillion, and a neighbour, William "Bricky" Williamson, for the attempted murder of Constable Fitzpatrick. Ned and Dan Kelly were not at the house and could not be arrested. Ellen Kelly said that Ned was not involved, and that he was working away. After a trial in Beechworth, Ellen Kelly was sentenced by Judge Redmond Barry to three years in prison for trying to kill Constable Fitzpatrick. Skillion and Williamson were given six years in prison. The police offered a reward of £100 for the capture of the Kelly brothers. In 1881 Williamson was let out of prison and given a full pardon because the government knew that he was innocent.

Ned and Dan Kelly went into hiding in the bush. They were later joined by two friends, Joe Byrne and Steve Hart. On 25 October 1878, two groups of police set out to find the Kellys. They knew the two brothers were hiding in the Wombat Ranges, a mountain range between Greta and Mansfield. One group started south from Greta led by Senior Constable Strahan. Strahan said he would shoot the Kellys down like dogs. A second group led by Sergeant Michael Kennedy set off from Mansfield heading north. Three other policemen were with him: Constables Thomas McIntyre, Thomas Lonigan, and Michael Scanlon. They set up a camp at Stringybark Creek in a thick forest area.

Kennedy and Scanlon went searching for the Kellys, while Lonigan and McIntyre remained at the camp. The Kellys were living in a hut nearby at Bullock Creek. They heard noises and discovered the police camp. They decided to capture the policemen and take their guns and horses. Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender. Constable McIntyre put his arms up, but Lonigan got out his gun. Ned Kelly shot him dead. When the other two police returned to camp, McIntyre told them to surrender. When Scanlon went for his gun Kelly also shot him dead. Kennedy ran shooting from tree to tree with Kelly chasing him. Kelly shot him twice, in the armpit and in the chest. Kelly later said that Kennedy "...appeared to be suffering very much and in great agony...I did not wish to leave him alone to linger out in such pain.". Ned put his gun against Kennedy's chest and shot him again. Ned Kelly went back to the camp to get Kennedy's cloak which he then placed over the body. McIntyre escaped during the confusion and went back to Mansfield to tell everyone what had happened.

The Victorian government passed a law on 30 October 1878, to make the Kelly gang outlaws. This meant they no longer had any legal rights and could be shot by anyone. Anyone who could capture any member of the gang, alive or dead, would be paid a reward of £500, or £2,000 for all four men. At this time the police did not know that Hart and Byrne were members of the gang. The gang were seen at several places around north east Victoria. They tried to cross the Murray River to go into New South Wales, but the water was too deep. The police had several large groups hunting for them.

On 10 December 1878, the gang robbed the Australian National Bank at Euroa. They had stopped at Faithful Creek station (a farm) and held the people there prisoners. They locked 22 people including farm workers, hawkers (traveling salesmen) and visitors into a storeroom. Joe Byrne kept guard while the rest of the gang went into Euroa. They went to the bank and said they had a message from McCauley, the farm manager. They got into the bank and held up the bank's manager Robert Scott, along with two tellers (bank workers). After taking all the money, the gang forced Scott, his wife, family, maids and tellers to go with them back to Faithful Creek. They were locked up with the other hostages.

The outlaws gave a display of horse riding and tricks which entertained and surprised their hostages. After having supper, and telling the people not to leave the farm for another three hours, the gang left. The crime was carried out without injury and the gang stole £2,000.

The police increased the reward on the Kelly Gang. More police were sent to guard banks in the country. Friends of the Kellys were locked in gaol. The gang crossed the Murray River and rode north into New South Wales. They arrived in Jerilderie on Saturday 8 February 1879. They broke into the local police station and locked the two policemen, Richards and Devine, in the police cells. The outlaws put on police uniforms and mixed with the local people. They said that they were extra police from Sydney, who had come to guard the town from the Kelly gang. Ned Kelly took his horse to the blacksmith to get new horseshoes and told the man to send the bill to the New South Wales police force. On Monday the gang rounded up various people and forced them into the back room of the Royal Mail Hotel. While Dan Kelly and Steve Hart kept the hostages busy with "drinks on the house" (free drinks), Ned Kelly and Joe Byrne went to the telegraph office and cut down some of the poles and cut the wires. They then went and robbed the local bank of about £2,414. Kelly also burned all the townspeople's mortgage deeds in the bank. When the gang left the town they were singing about two earlier bushrangers, Ben Hall and Dan Morgan: "Hurrah for the good old times of Morgan and Ben Hall."

For the next 18 months the police were not able to find the Kelly gang. They punished anyone they thought might be helping the gang. More than 20 people were locked up in the Beechworth Prison for three months only because they were said to be friends of the gang. None of these people were ever charged with a crime. The government thought the Kelly gang might try and free their friends, so they put up large iron gates on the entrance to the prison.

Months before going to Jerilderie, and with help from Joe Byrne, Ned Kelly dictated a long letter (56 pages). The letter told his story, about how he became a bushranger, and the treatment of his family by the police. It also told the story of the treatment of Irish Catholics by the police and the English and Irish Protestant farmers. He even said there might be a revolution by people in north east Victoria to set up their own republic.

The "", as it is called, is a document of about 8,300 words and has become a famous piece of Australian literature. Kelly had written an earlier letter on 14 December 1878, to Donald Cameron, a member of the Parliament of Victoria, but it had been ignored. The Jerilderie Letter was never published. Kelly tried to find the editor of the local newspaper and get him to print the letter. He finally gave the letter to Edward Living, a teller at the bank. Living kept the letter, which was not re-discovered until 1930. It was then published by the "Melbourne Herald". The handwritten letter was given to the State Library of Victoria in 2000. Kelly's words are colorful, rough and full of metaphors. He said the police were "... big ugly fat-necked wombat headed big bellied magpie legged narrow hipped splay footed sons of Irish bailiffs or English landlords ...".

The gang decided that Aaron Sherritt, Joe Byrne's best friend, was a police spy. On the night of 26 June 1880, Dan Kelly and Joe Byrne went to Sherritt's house in the Woolshed Valley near Beechworth and killed him. The four policemen who were protecting him at the time hid under the bed and did not report the murder until the next day. The outlaws knew that the police would send extra men to Beechworth by train to try and capture them. Ned Kelly and Hart arrived in Glenrowan on 27 June, and took 70 hostages at the Glenrowan Inn (hotel). They knew that a train loaded with police was on its way. They forced railway workers at Glenrowan to pull up the rail tracks to make the train crash. The bushrangers, wearing homemade armour, would then capture any of the policemen that were alive after the crash. With the police out of the way, the Kelly Gang would then go into Benalla and rob the bank. The captured police would be released when Ellen Kelly, William Williamson, and William Skillion, were let out of gaol.

But the plan to derail the police train failed. The police protecting Aaron Sherritt were too scared to leave his hut and the murder was not reported until the next day. The Kellys had to wait 24 hours longer for the police train than they had planned. The hostages were becoming difficult to control. To keep them amused the outlaws held a dance in the hotel, where Kelly danced a quadrille with Jane Jones, daughter of the hotel owner. They also had sporting events including the hop, step and jump. Kelly used two revolvers as extra weights while taking part in the jumping. A local school teacher, Thomas Curnow, talked Ned into letting him take his family home. As soon as he was free Curnow went down to the railway line, waving a lantern (light) wrapped in his red scarf. The train stopped safely.

The 46 police quickly left the train and placed themselves around the hotel so that the Kelly Gang was trapped inside. The gang members put on their armour, made from plough parts. All four had helmets. Each man's armour was quite heavy; Ned's armour weighed , which was about half his body weight. The police fired their guns into the building for seven hours. It is estimated that 15,000 bullets were fired during the shooting. The police ordered a cannon from Melbourne so that they could destroy the inn, but it would take too long to arrive so they set fire to the building instead.

At dawn on Monday 28 June, Ned Kelly came out of the inn wearing his armour. He marched towards the police, firing his gun at them. Their bullets bounced off his armour. Sergeant Steel shot him in his legs that were not protected by armour. Joe Byrne died in the front room from loss of blood because a gunshot cut his femoral artery. Dan Kelly and Steve Hart may have killed themselves as their bodies were found lying side by side in a back room with their heads on blankets. They had taken off their armour and it was found next to them. Several hostages were shot, and three died, including 13-year-old Jack Jones, the son of the hotel owner. Martin Cherry, a railway worker, was rescued from the burning hotel but died soon afterwards. George Metcalfe, a quarry worker, who was forced to pull up the railway line died later from injuries. The police had one small injury; the police Superintendent, Francis Hare, received a wound to his wrist, then fled the battle. The Royal Commission set up to examine the Kelly Gang later removed Hare from the Victoria Police.

Ned Kelly was taken to the Melbourne Gaol where he was treated for his wounds. He was visited by his mother who was in the same prison for wounding Constable Fitzpatrick. In August he was taken back to Beechworth by train for the first court hearings. The court agreed that Kelly would be tried in court for the murder of Thomas Lonigan and Michael Scanlon at Stringybark Creek. The government thought people around Beechworth might not find Kelly guilty of the crimes, and so they had the trial moved to Melbourne. At the trial the jury found Kelly guilty of both murders. He was sentenced to death by the Irish-born judge Sir Redmond Barry with the words "May God have mercy on your soul". Kelly said "I will go a little further than that, and say I will see you there when I go".
Many people did not agree with the death sentence. A petition with more than 60,000 names asked the government for mercy. Ned Kelly was hanged on 11 November 1880, at the Melbourne Gaol for murder. Several newspapers including "The Age" and "The Herald" reported Kelly's last words as "Such is life". Sir Redmond Barry died after a short illness on 23 November, 1880, only 12 days after Kelly's death.

Following his death, a death mask of Ned Kelly was made. It required the shaving of his beard to make it. Afterwards, Ned Kelly was buried in an unmarked grave at the Melbourne Gaol, in an area with other criminals who had also been hanged at the gaol. The bones of 32 people were dug up in 1929 when the gaol was being redeveloped, and reburied at Pentridge Gaol in Coburg, Victoria. The burial site at Pentridge was rediscovered in 2008. DNA testing has proved that one set of bones was the skeleton of Ned Kelly. Experts from the Victorian Institute of Forensic Medicine said that the DNA clearly matches one of Kelly's living relatives. The bones show some of the injuries Kelly got during the shoot out with the police. The Kelly skeleton does not have a skull.

A skull, said to be Kelly's, was found during the digging at the gaol in 1929. It was put on display at the Old Melbourne Gaol, but it was stolen in 1978. On the anniversary of Ned Kelly's hanging, 11 November 2009, a farmer from Western Australia gave a skull back to Heritage Victoria which he said had been taken from the gaol. It was tested for DNA to see if it was Ned Kelly's skull. These tests showed it was not, and the location of Kelly's skull is still unknown.

In 2013, the Victorian Government finally gave Kelly's remains to his family. A funeral service was held at St. Patrick's Church, Wangaratta on 18 January, 2013. During the service, family members who read from the Bible wore a green silk sash. Relatives of Constable Michael Scanlon and Aaron Sherrit also attended the service. Kelly was buried in an unmarked grave at Greta on 20 January 2013.

The DNA that was recovered from Ned's skeleton was mitochondrial DNA. That was matched with one of Ned's maternal relations (Ned's grand nephew Leigh Olver). No adequate quality Y-DNA was recovered from Ned's bones or has been recovered from any of Ned's known paternal side relatives (Y-DNA is passed from father to son). There is a chance that a Y-DNA sample may be isolated from Ned's bones one day using more advanced laboratory procedures, however, it is also possible that a Y-DNA sample could be taken from the remains of one of Ned's male relatives such as his father, his uncles or his brothers. Their graves are all well known. A Y-DNA sample would reveal exactly which Kelly line Ned belongs to. Currently the Kelly Surname Y-DNA study has the results of over 500 Y-DNA samples but no comparison can be made until a sample from one of Ned's family is obtained. Based on location, the most frequent Kelly line in south-west Ireland (Tipperary, Clare and Kerry) is the O'Brien-Kelly line (L226+).

Ned Kelly is still a major part of Australian popular culture. His story has been told in books, movies, plays and television shows. His image has been used for everything from cakes to tattoos. A recent study showed that people with a Ned Kelly tattoo were eight times more likely to be murdered. In 1980, the Australian Post Office released a set of postage stamps to remember the 100th anniversary of the siege at Glenrowan. In 2010 the National Gallery of Victoria paid AU$2.2 million for a painting of Ned Kelly by artist Sidney Nolan. It was Nolan's paintings of Ned Kelly that inspired the opening ceremony of the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. In June 2011 the Williamstown Australian Rules Football Club claimed that Ned Kelly had played 11 games for the club in 1873 while serving time in the prison ship. It was also claimed that in 1928 they had found a suit of armour buried on the football ground.







Ben Hall

Ben Hall (9 May 1837 — 5 May 1865) was a famous Australian bushranger. A bushranger is a thief who roamed the countryside and country towns of Australia, usually escaping on horseback, like a highwayman. Most bushrangers were simply criminals and thieves. Ben Hall is one of the few bushrangers, like Ned Kelly, who were thought of as outlaw heroes.

Ben Hall lived at a time when gold had been discovered in New South Wales and Victoria. Thousands of people went out to the places where gold had been discovered to "seek their fortunes" and hoping to get rich. Like many bushrangers, Ben Hall and his gang robbed coaches that were carrying gold from the goldfields. Ben Hall was able to avoid being arrested by the police for many years because he had many friends and relatives to help him.

In folklore, a typical outlaw hero is a farmer or other innocent person who is forced into crime by cruel police or government actions. Ben Hall is part of a long history of outlaw heroes that includes people like Robin Hood in England and Jesse James in the United States. The outlaw hero is said to be a friend of the poor, kind to women and children, and an enemy of the rich. He is said to have died bravely in a battle against the more powerful forces of the law. Ben Hall has been seen by people in Australia as such a hero; others see him as a very clever criminal who stole a lot of money.

Ben Hall was born on 9 May 1837, at Wallis Plains, near Maitland, in the Hunter Valley of New South Wales. His parents were Benjamin Hall (born in Bristol, England, 1802) and Eliza Somers (born in Dublin, Ireland, 1807). Both of his parents were convicts and sent to gaol in New South Wales. They married in 1834. Ben was their fourth child. After they were let out of gaol, they moved to the Hunter Valley. Benjamin worked for Samuel Clift on a farm called the "Doona Run". Around 1839, Benjamin moved to a remote valley, north of Murrurundi. He built a hut and began farming cattle. He also found wild cattle and horses in the nearby hills. In 1842, he bought a small block of land at Haydonton, near Murrurundi, and started a butcher shop. The family worked hard, but there were problems with the police over stolen cattle and horses. Near the end of 1860, Benjamin moved down to the Lachlan River area, taking his children, Ben, William, and Mary, and his stepson, Thomas Wade.

Ben left home and began work on many cattle farms along the Lachlan River. He was known as a hard-working and honest stockman.
On 29 February 1856, at the age of 19, Hall married Bridget Walsh (1841–1923), a farmer's daughter, at Bathurst. On 7 August 1859, they had a son, whom they named Henry. One of Bridget's sisters was the mistress (lover) of bushranger Frank Gardiner; another sister married John Maguire. In 1860, Ben Hall and John Maguire leased the "Sandy Creek" farm of about south of Forbes. Hall built a house, sheds and stockyards. He raised cattle and sold them at the Lambing Flat goldfield. He met Frank Gardiner who had a butchers shop at Lambing Flat.

Historians are unsure why, but Hall's life changed. By early 1862, his marriage was in trouble. Biddy left Ben and moved in with a neighbour, Jim Taylor, taking young Henry with her. There were many criminals living and working in the area where Hall lived. He became friends with Frank Gardiner. Gardiner was already wanted for robbery and had shot two policemen before escaping. On 14 April 1862 Gardiner and Hall robbed three bullock wagon drivers. One week later the drivers saw him at the Forbes horse races. Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger, who was also at the races, told the police to arrest Ben for using guns in a robbery with Gardiner. The jury at the courthouse at Orange did not think there was enough evidence to show that Hall had been one of the robbers. After he was released, the police kept a close watch on Ben Hall, to see where he went and what he was doing.

On 15 June 1862, Gardiner and a group of ten men, including Hall, robbed the Forbes gold coach near Eugowra. This coach carrying gold from the gold fields had an escort of police to guard it. The gang stole more than £14,000 in gold and money. This is about US$4 million in 2003 money value. This was definitely Australia's biggest gold robbery. Hall and several others were arrested in July. Once again the police were unable find proof that Hall was one of the robbers. The police let him go at the end of August. When Hall went back to his farm he found his house burned down. His cattle had been left in the stockyards and had died from starvation (not having enough to eat). There are claims that this was done by Pottinger to punish Hall, but not all historians agree. Hall and John Maguire needed money to pay their legal costs. They were forced to sell the lease of their farm at "Sandy Creek" to a Forbes hotel owner called John Wilson.

With his wife, young son, and his farm gone, Ben Hall slowly moved into a life of crime as a bushranger. On 1 March 1863, Hall and bushrangers Patrick Daley (Patsy) and John O'Meally, were nearly captured in the Weddin mountains by Police Inspector Norton and black tracker Billy Dargin. Black trackers were aboriginals used by the police for their skills in following people in the bush. After shooting at each other, Norton was captured and robbed. Dargin managed to escape into the bush. Hall and Daley chased Dargin through the bush for . When they caught him they told him they admired his bravery. They let him go and told him they would rob the police camp that night. While the police were out looking for them, the gang stole guns and ammunition from the police camp. The police chased them but the gang had stolen better and faster horses and easily escaped.

Frank Gardiner went to Queensland to hide from the police after the Eugowra robbery. Hall took over as leader of the gang. For three years Hall carried out well-planned and daring crimes. They robbed mainly farmhouses, stagecoaches carrying mail and gold, and country hotels. Hall's gang included John Gilbert as his lieutenant, his main helper. In 1863 the other three members were John O'Meally, John Vane and Michael Burke. Burke was only 20 years old. He was killed on 24 October 1863, during a robbery at Henry Keightley's house at Dunn's Plains. Vane wanted to shoot Keightley for killing Burke, but Ben Hall stopped him. Instead he asked for a £500 ransom. Mrs Keightley had to ride to Bathurst at night to get the money from the bank. A few weeks later on 19 November, O'Meally was killed during an attempted robbery on Goimbla Station (farm). Vane gave himself up and was sent to gaol. Two other men, James Gordon, alias James Mount (known as "The Old Man") and John Dunleavy, joined the gang but Gordon was captured trying to flee in Victoria and Dunleavy surrendered after being badly wounded in a gunfight. sometime around October 1864, Hall and Gilbert were joined by John Dunn who had a warrant out for his arrest after failing to appear in court over a robbery-under-arms charge.

The police seemed powerless to stop the Ben Hall gang. The gang were very busy in the district during 1864. For example:

Hall's gang robbed Robinson's Hotel in Canowindra and held all the people of the town hostage for three days. Nobody was hurt and Hall even got the people to play music and dance. The local policeman was locked in his own cell. When the people were set free, Hall paid them money. The gang paid the hotel owner for the food and drink that they had used. The capture of the town is made famous in a song called "John Gilbert".

The gang was regularly robbing people and holding up the mail coaches, south of Goulburn on the main Sydney to Melbourne Road. On 15 November 1864, the gang tried to rob the Gundagai-Yass mail coach near Jugiong. While waiting for the coach, the gang captured and robbed over 60 people, who were traveling along the road. One of those captured was policeman James McLaughlin. He fired six shots at the gang, but he did not have any more ammunition and gave himself up. The policeman on the coach, William Roche, was ordered by Police Magistrate Alfred Rose, who was riding inside, not to shoot and draw fire. The driver, Bill Geoghegan, ordered him to get off the coach or he would kick him off. Hall and Dunn began firing at two other policemen who were riding behind the coach. Sub-Inspector William O'Neill was quickly captured. John Gilbert and Sergeant Edmund Parry were shooting at each other from a close distance. Gilbert killed Sergeant Parry. Constable Roche escaped into the bush. The gang quickly took all the money and valuable items and rode away. Parry is buried at Gundagai. On his headstone it says ""Edmund Parry, Sergeant of the N.S.W. Police, who lost his life in the execution (doing) of his duty whilst courageously (bravely) endeavouring (trying) to capture the bushranger Gilbert by whom he was killed by near Jugiong."" Two days later the gang robbed the mail coach between Yass and Lambing Flat. On 5 December, they robbed the mail coach between Binalong and Burrowa.

On Boxing Day, 1864, Hall, Gilbert, and John Dunn, rode into the town of Binda with three local girls. The girls were Christina McKinnon (aged 25), believed to be Hall's lover, Ellen Monks (aged 17), and her sister Margaret Monks (aged 19). Together with the girls the gang robbed a shop owned by Edward Morriss. They locked all the local people into the Flag Hotel. They made everyone dance to celebrate Boxing Day. Morriss got out of the hotel through a back window at 2.00 a.m. and set off to tell the police. Gilbert fired several shots at him. Hall got angry and so he set fire to Morriss's shop and burned it down. The gang and the girls left the town. Christina McKinnon, along with Margaret and Ellen Monks were arrested by Detective James Pye for helping the bushrangers and were sent to Sydney for trial. Morriss joined the police force. Margaret was released before being sent to trial.

The police were under a lot of pressure to catch the Ben Hall gang. The gang had been able to travel around the country and go anywhere they liked. They made the police look like fools. Sir Frederick Pottinger came up with an unusual plan. He knew the gang liked race horses and horse racing; they had been seen at many country race meetings. Pottinger planned to ride in the races at Wowingragong, near Forbes, on 5 January 1865. He thought this would bring the gang out into the open where his men would be able to capture them. The Ben Hall gang did not appear and Pottinger lost his job. The Inspector-General of Police thought that Pottinger had disgraced the police force by riding in races while he was supposed to be working. Pottinger decided to go to Sydney to make the police force change its mind. On the way he accidentally shot himself and later died.

On 26 January 1865, the gang held up ten people on the road near Goulburn. They were chased into the bush by a group of policemen. A couple of hours later the gang rode into the town of Collector. Hall and Gilbert robbed the Commercial Hotel. John Dunn stayed outside. When the local policeman, Constable Nelson, arrived, Dunn shot him at close range. Two of Nelson's nine children saw the shooting, as one was a hostage at the hotel and the other was following his father. Gilbert robbed Nelson's body of money and other valuables and took his gun. They left the town quickly and went into hiding.

The police put more effort into the hunt for the bushrangers. In February, they went to a house near Queanbeyan and found the gang had only just left. The police thought that the gang might be with a friend, Thomas Byrne. They went to the Breadalbane Hotel and arrested four men that were known to be friends of the gang. This would stop them giving the bushrangers any warnings. The police surrounded Byrne's farm. As they moved passed the open door of the barn, the bushrangers began shooting. The bushrangers escaped into the bush when Hall was shot as he ran away.

On 4 March 1865, the gang robbed the mail coach at between Goulburn and Gundaroo. A couple of days later they stole horses from two farms. On 13 March, the gang tried to hold up the Araluen gold coach. Gold had been found at Araluen in the 1860s. The gold coach had a policeman with a gun sitting next to the driver. There were two more policemen on the back of the carriage. Four more policemen rode on horses in front and behind the coach. The gold was kept in a safe which was bolted to floor of the coach. (The coach has survived and is being restored). The bushrangers began shooting at the coach and Constable Kelly was shot. He was badly hurt, but he crawled to side of the road and began shooting at the bushrangers. The police were able to keep the bushrangers away from the coach. Another policeman, Trooper Byrne, was also shot.The bushrangers quickly left when miners with guns arrived from the town.

In two years Ben Hall's gang, as well as killing two policemen, had reportedly robbed ten mail coaches, held up 21 properties, stole 23 racing horses, and taken over the village of Canowindra three times.

In early 1865, the government made a new law to help capture Ben Hall, John Gilbert and John Dunn. The "Felons Apprehension Act" was rushed quickly through the New South Wales Parliament. This would make Hall and his friends "outlaws" if they did not surrender within thirty days. This meant that they could be killed by anyone at any time without warning. They also put a reward of £1000 for the capture of Ben Hall.

The bushrangers still kept busy robbing people. They robbed a farm, Wallendbeen Station, and wanted to know where the police were. A group of Chinese gold miners were robbed. The next day, 18 March, the police found the gang trying to take horses from Wallendbeen. The gang escaped into the bush. They made their way to a shepherd's hut and forced the shepherd to put a bandage on Gilbert's arm. Hall and Dunn walked to a nearby farm, Beggan Beggan station. They held up the 16 farm workers and took horses, saddles and bridles. They went back to get Gilbert and then robbed the farm again, taking guns, ammunition, and food.

Hall, Gilbert and Dunn robbed the bank in Forbes and took £81 on 25 March. More police were sent to the area, and they were given better guns. A month later the gang were seen near Marengo. Two days later they took horses and food from another farm, Yamma station. This was the gang's last robbery.

By May 1865, Hall decided to leave New South Wales. But a man, Mick 'Goobang' Coneley, who had once given the gang help, told the police where Hall was hiding. During the night a group of eight policemen found Hall sleeping under a tree at Billabong Creek, near Forbes. The police were armed with double-barrelled shotguns and rifles. Led by Sub-Inspector Davidson, the police placed themselves in a large circle around Ben Hall's camp. When he woke up at dawn on 5 May 1865, Hall was shot 30 times as he tried to run away. A newspaper report said his body was "riddled" with bullets. He did not shoot his pistol once. The first rifle shots of the police cut his belt in two, and his guns fell to the ground. Goobang Mick was given a £500 reward. The police were given another £500 reward.
Ben Hall's body was wrapped in his poncho, tied to a horse and taken back to Forbes. An official inquest was held in the court house to find out how he died, and both Davidson and Condell submitted reports. Ben Hall was buried in Forbes Cemetery on Sunday, 7 May 1865. A lot of people went to see him buried. The first wooden grave marker and fence were burnt in a bushfire. Two brothers from Forbes, the Pengilly brothers, put a headstone on the grave in the 1920s. The tree that Hall slept under before he was killed became an attraction. People in the 1920s were still able to see bullets in the tree trunk. The tree was destroyed in a bushfire in 1926. His grave is well looked after and many people still come to look at it. Ben Hall's gun, a Colt pistol, is now in the National Library of Australia.

Gilbert and Dunn were nearly caught by the police a week later at Binalong. Gilbert was killed as he tried to run away. Dunn got away, but six months later a friend told the police where Dunn was hiding. He was captured, tried for murder and hanged in Sydney on 19 March 1866.

In 2007, Peter Bradley, a descendant of Hall's younger brother Henry, said he wanted to reopen the inquest into the bushranger's death. Bradley said that the "Felon Apprehension Act" was not yet law when Hall was killed. The first inquest found that Hall was deliberately killed, but this was allowed because the new law meant Hall was an outlaw. The parliament had passed the law on 12 April, but it did not become law until 10 May. This was five days after Hall was shot to death by police.

There is memorial called "Ben Hall's Wall" at Breeza, south of Gunnedah, New South Wales. "Ben Halls Gap National Park" is a small section of State Forest south of Nundle, New South Wales. It is not named after the bushranger, but after his father, Benjamin Hall.

Many folk songs celebrate Hall's life and actions. These include:


The story of Hall has been shown in many works of art.

Hall's story has also been told on the stage:


Ride the Lightning

Ride the Lightning is the second album released by American thrash metal band Metallica. It was released on July 27, 1984. It got good reviews. It has sold over six million copies in the US.

Side one

Side two

Text file

A text file is a computer file structured as a sequence of lines of electronic text. Each line is a sequence of printable characters.
They can be opened and edited with Wordpad, Notepad, and other text editors. Text files usually contain plain text and not binary data. Whether it be a story, recipe, or even directions to Grandma's house, you can put it in a text file.
When text is stored with Microsoft Word or LibreOffice Writer the file is no more called a text file, but a word processor file or document file.

Text files are commonly encountered with an extension of .doc, .txt, and many others, depending on the software and hardware you choose. 

Virtual Console

Virtual Console (VC) is a service on Wii, Nintendo 3DS, and Wii U that lets users download older video games for Wii Points or real money. The games are from the Nintendo Entertainment System, Super NES, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, Nintendo 64, Sega Master System, Sega Mega Drive, TurboGrafx-16, TurboGrafx-CD, Neo Geo AES, Commodore 64, and MSX (Japan only). The service is available in Europe, North America, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and South Korea.


Provincially Administered Tribal Area

The Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA) are administrative subdivisions in the Balochistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provinces of Pakistan. 

According to article 246(b) of the 1973 Constitution of Pakistan, the following areas are PATA:




Local government in Pakistan

The 2001 Local Government Ordinance provides for devolution of government to district administrations in Pakistan. (Districts are the third tier of government They are sub-divisions of provinces. Before the Local Government Ordnance they were known as "sub-divisions".) Each district administration is headed by a District Coordinating Officer ("DCO"] and a "Zila Nazim". 

The District Coordination Officer is the administrative head of the District Administration. They have wide-ranging responsibility for overseeing, improving and directing the approved plans of the District Government.

The Zila Nazim is the executive head of the District Administration. Their role is similar to district governor or prefect, with responsibility for implementing government strategy and developing initiatives arising out of it.

Federally Administered Tribal Areas

The Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) () in Pakistan were areas of Pakistan outside the four provinces, comprising a region of some 27,220 km² (10,507 mi²). The FATA were merged with the province of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in 2017. Miran Shah was the tribal capital. There are seven areas known as Agencies and six areas known as Frontier Regions.


The Frontier Regions are named after their adjacent settled districts. The administration of the FR is carried out by the DCO / DC of the neighbouring named district. The overall administration of the frontier regions is carried out by the FATA Secretariat, based in Peshawar and reporting to the Governor of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. The six regions are:

The FATA are bordered by: Afghanistan to the west with the border marked by the Durand Line, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa to the north and east, and Balochistan to the south.

The seven Tribal Areas lie in a north-to-south strip that is adjacent to the west side of the six Frontier Regions, which also lie in a north-to-south strip. The areas within each of those two regions are geographically arranged in a sequence from north to south.

The geographical arrangement of the seven Tribal Areas in order from north to south is:
Bajaur Agency, Mohmand Agency, Khyber, Orakzai Agency, Kurram, North Waziristan, South Waziristan.
The geographical arrangement of the six Frontier Regions in order from north to south is:
Peshawar, Kohat, Bannu, Lakki Marwat, Tank, Dera Ismail Khan.

Azrael

Azrael is the archangel of death. It is an English form of the Arabic name Azra'il or Azra'eil (), the name traditionally attributed to the angel of death in Islam and some Hebrew lore. The Qur'an never uses this name, referring instead to Malaikat al-Maut (which translates directly as angels of death; not one angel). It is also spelled Izrail, Izrael, Azrail, Ezraeil, Azraille, or Ozryel. Chambers English dictionary uses the spelling Azrael. The name means "Whom God Helps."

In Islam, Azrael is like death. But, because he is an angel, he does only whatever God tells him to do. Because many people die around the world, Azrael has helpers; other angels of death who are also mentioned in the Quran. 

Mangla Dam

The Mangla Dam () in Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan is the twelfth largest dam in the world. It is the second largest earth filled dam after Tarbela Dam. The dam was built in 1967 with funding from the World Bank.

Exhibition game

An exhibition game (also known as simply exhibition, or a demonstration event, a friendly, a preparation match, a warm-up game) is a sporting event in which there is no competitive value of any real kind to any competitor (such as tournament or season rankings, or prize money) regardless of the outcome of the competition. The types of matches are usually played before a season so the coach can try a new formation or select players from the bench, like in Association football. 

Some sports have an all-star game. This means that the best players are picked from that league and they play against another all-star team or a better team from another country. These matches are usually friendlies, but have a little more competition. An example is the MLS All-Stars against Real Madrid CF. 

Enrique Iglesias

Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler (born 8 May 1975) is a Spanish pop singer-songwriter. He was born in Madrid. His parents are Spanish singer Julio Iglesias (born 1943) and Filipina journalist Isabel Maria Joy Preysler (born 1951).

His career started on Mexican label Fonovisa. They helped turn him into one of the most popular artists in Latin America and in the Latin market in the United States. He sold more Spanish albums than any other artists in the 1990s. Before 2000, he made a crossover into the mainstream English market. He signed a unique multi-album deal with Universal Music for $48,000,000. Universal Musical Matino would release his Spanish albums and Interscope would release English albums. In 2010 he signed to Universal Republic and released his first full bilingual album.

Enrique Iglesias has sold over 100 million records worldwide and has had two Billboard Hot 100 #1s and one #3. He holds the record for producing twenty-two number #1 Spanish language singles on the Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks. Altogether, Iglesias has 69 number-one rankings on the various "Billboard" charts.

He is dating tennis player Anna Kournikova.




Enrique Iglesias is one of the most celebrated Latin musical artists of all time. He has won 16 Billboard Music Awards and 23 Billboard Latin Music Awards. He has also won 5 American Music Awards, a Grammy, a Latin Grammy and 7 World Music Awards. He won an award for Best International Pop Act at the MTV India Awards.

As well as being named "King of Latin Pop", he has won 15 Premios Lo Nuestro awards. In 2000, he was awarded Most Fashionable Artist at the VH1/"Vogue" Fashion Awards. In 2001, for the release of his second English studio album "Escape", he received awards for Best-Selling Pop Male Artist and European Male Artist at the World Music Awards. Iglesias won an award for Most Successful Spanish Artist of the Decade at Premios Ondas in 2002.

Academy

An academy (Greek ἀκαδημία) is an institution of higher learning, research, or honorary membership.
The name traces back to Plato's school of philosophy, founded about 385 BC at Akademia, a sanctuary of Athena, the goddess of wisdom, north of Athens, Greece.

Sergei Fedorov

Sergei Viktorovich Fedorov (Russian:Сергей Викторович Фёдоров, "Sergey Viktorovich Fyodorov"; born December 13 1969 in Pskov, Soviet Union) is a Russian retired professional ice hockey forward and occasional defenseman who plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League. He gained fame playing for the Detroit Red Wings before tenures with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Columbus Blue Jackets.


Spartak Tennis Club

The Spartak Tennis Club is a tennis training ground near Sokolniki Park in Moscow, Russia. It has 15 outdoor clay courts, which remain closed for half of the year, and only one indoor court. Although the facilties are getting old, many top Russian tennis players trained there. These include Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Marat Safin, Elena Dementieva, Dinara Safina, Anastasia Myskina, and Anna Kournikova are all graduates of Spartak.

Pavel Bure

Pavel Vladimirovich Bure (; born on March 31, 1971 in Moscow, Russian SFSR) is a Russian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Vancouver Canucks, Florida Panthers and New York Rangers. He was nicknamed "The Russian Rocket" because of his speed. He began his hockey training in the Soviet Union, where he was known as "Pasha".

In a press conference in Moscow on November 1, 2005, Bure announced that he was retiring from professional hockey because of complications with his chronically injured knee. On June 27, 2012, Bure was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame along with Joe Sakic, Adam Oates and Mats Sundin.

On November 2, 2013, the Canucks retired Bure's #10 jersey.


FHM

FHM or For Him Magazine is an international monthly magazine. The magazine began publication in 1985 in the United Kingdom under the name "For Him" and changed its title to "FHM" in 1994, although the full "For Him Magazine" continues to be printed on the spine of each issue. Founded by Chris Astridge, the magazine was a predominantly fashion-based publication distributed through high street men's fashion outlets. Circulation expanded to newsagents as a quarterly by the spring of 1987. "FHM" was sold from EMAP to Bauer in December 2007. 

Monica Seles

Monica Seles is a retired professional tennis player. She is a member of the International Tennis Hall of Fame. She has represented the United States as well as Yugoslavia.

Lindsay Davenport

Lindsay Ann Davenport (born June 8, 1976 in Palos Verdes, California) is a former World No. 1 American professional tennis player. She has won three Grand Slam singles tournaments, three Grand Slam doubles tournaments and, in 1996, an Olympic gold medal in singles. She is one of only four women (the others being Steffi Graf, Martina Navratilova, and Chris Evert) since 1975 who has been the year-end World No. 1 at least four times. Davenport finished 1998, 2001, 2004, and 2005 as the top ranked player.

She is a daughter of Wink Davenport.

Natasha Zvereva

Natalya "Natasha" Zvereva (; born April 16, 1971) is a retired tennis player from Belarus. Playing initially for the Soviet Union, Zvereva won many doubles titles during the late 1980s and throughout the 1990s.


Max Mirnyi

Max Mirnyi (born July 6, 1977, in Minsk) is a tennis player from Belarus. A doubles specialist, he holds seven Grand Slam titles: men's doubles in the 2000 and 2002 US Open and 2005 and 2006 French Open; and mixed doubles in the 1998 and 2007 U.S. Opens and 1998 Wimbledon.

Filderstadt

Filderstadt () is a town in the district of Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is about south of Stuttgart.
Filderstadt is next to the Stuttgart Airport.

Filderstadt was created in 1975 from five smaller towns called Bernhausen, Bonlanden, Plattenhardt, Sielmingen and Harthausen.

From 1978 to 2005, the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix, a Women's Tennis Association Tier II event, was held in Filderstadt.

Berlei

Berlei is a brand of women's underwear and in particular bras and girdles
The brand started in Australia in 1917
Berlei bras are now sold worldwide by Hanesbrands.

The name came from that of the firm's founder, Frederick R. Burley, who felt that his name as normally spelled was not appropriate to his products.

Berlei Limited was one of the first Australian companies to expand outside Australia. Berlei (New Zealand) Limited was incorporated in 1923 and Berlei (U.K.) Limited was organised in 1930.

Lycos

Lycos is a search engine and web portal centered around broadband entertainment content.

K-Swiss

K-Swiss, Inc. is an American footwear company. It is based in Westlake Village, California. It designs, develops, and markets a range of athletic shoes under the K-Swiss brand and its wholly owned subsidiary Royal Elastics, Inc.

K-Swiss was founded in 1966 in Los Angeles, California, by two Swiss brothers who became interested in tennis after emigrating to the United States, where they introduced the first leather tennis shoes.

Gwadar City

Gwadar is on the southwestern coast of Pakistan, on the Sea of Oman. It is between three increasingly important regions: the oil-rich Middle East, heavily populated South Asia and the economically emerging and resource-laden region of Central Asia. The Gwadar Port is expected to generate billions of dollars in revenues and create at least two million jobs. In 2007, the government of Pakistan handed over port operations to PSA Singapore for 25 years, and gave it the status of a Tax Free Port for the following 40 years. There is also money invested into the port by the People's Republic of China. The strategic PRC plan to be engaged in many places along oil and gas roads is evident.

Syed Ahmed Khan

Sir Syed Ahmed Khan (October 17, 1817– 27 March 1898) was a teacher and politician. He was a philosopher as well. He was also a social reformer. Furthermore, he founded the school that would later become Aligarh Muslim University. 

In 1857, there was a rebellion in India. This is known as the First Indian War of Independence. During this time, Sir Syed Ahmed Khan kept loyal to the British; He also saved many European lives. After the rebellion, he wrote a book where he said the British were, in fact, those who caused the rebellion. To settle whether Sir Syed was a communitarian or a communalist, we need to assess the speeches and articles which he wrote. One such speech of Sir Syed, which he gave in Meerut in the year 1888, clearly shows that Sir Syed turned to arguments fielded by religious fanatics to develop a communal alliance between Indian Muslims and British Christians. He said, 

He was unhappy about the position of Muslims in India, as their social and economic status was declining. According to Sir Syed, Muslims had to bring a positive approach to the British and accept their ways of education. He wanted the Muslims to benefit from the British. To achieve this task, he had to bring about cooperation between the Muslims and the British. To accomplish this, he did the following things:

Sir Syed played a vital role in the educational uplift of the Muslims in India. He did the following things to improve the educational standards:

Sir Syed also increased the political awareness of Muslims in the Sub-continent. At first, he believed in Hindu-Muslim unity, but later resolved to the two-nation theory. In 1885, the Indian National Congress was set up. It claimed to be the body of every Indian, regardless of religion. However, it later proved to be functioning only for the Hindus and tried to eradicate the Muslims. The Congress made three demands which were:

Sir Syed Ahmed Khan played a crucial 
role in improving the Muslim status. He worked tirelessly to restore relations between the Muslims and the British. He brought the Muslim revival through the Aligarh movement and showed the importance of education. Likewise, he brought an idea about the Two-nation theory and is hence known as “The Father of The Pakistan Movement” 

United Airlines Flight 93

United Airlines Flight 93 was an airline flight that, on September 11, 2001, was hijacked and crashed on purpose. On that day, the flight was to fly from Newark International Airport (later renamed Newark Liberty International Airport), in Newark, New Jersey, USA to San Francisco International Airport.

The aircraft was hijacked by four men as part of the al-Qaeda organized attack on the United States on September 11, 2001. Soon after the flight took off, the hijackers entered the cockpit and overpowered the pilots. They took control of the aircraft and flew it toward Washington, D.C. Several passengers and crew members made telephone calls aboard the flight and learned about the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. The passengers then decided to attack the hijackers and retake the aircraft.

The hijackers crashed the plane in a field to prevent the passengers from succeeding in breaching the cockpit door just outside Shanksville, Pennsylvania, about northwest of Washington, D.C., killing all crew members and passengers. An investigation determined that the actions of the passengers on board had prevented the hijackers from reaching Washington, D.C.

On September 11, 2001, United Airlines flight 93 was a scheduled morning flight from Newark to San Francisco. The aircraft for the flight was a Boeing 757. The aircraft could carry 182 passengers; but the flight had 37 passengers and 7 crew members, which was low.

The hijackers were led by Ziad Jarrah, a member of al-Qaeda. Jarrah was born in Lebanon. He moved to Germany in 1996, enrolling at the University of Greifswald to study German. He also started dating a German-Turkish dental student named Aysel Sengün. A year later, he moved to Hamburg, Germany and began studying aeronautical engineering at Hamburg University of Applied Sciences. While living in Hamburg, Jarrah became involved with a group of radical Islamic terrorists. This group was known as the "Hamburg Cell."

In November 1999, Jarrah left for Afghanistan, where he spent three months. In Afghanistan in January 2000, he met with al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. Jarrah returned to Germany at the end of January and obtained a new passport with no Afghan passport stamps in February by falsely reporting his passport as stolen.

In June 2000, Jarrah arrived in Florida in June 2000. He began taking flying lessons as well as training in hand-to-hand combat.

Four other hijackers were trained to physically fight with the crew. Three of them accompanied Jarrah on Flight 93. They were Ahmed al-Nami, Hamza al-Ghamdi and Mohand al-Shehri.

On August 3, 2001, the intended fifth hijacker, Mohammed al-Qahtani, flew to Orlando, Florida, USA from Dubai. He was questioned by officials, who did not believe that he could support himself with only $2,800 cash, and suspicious that he intended to become an illegal immigrant because he was using a one-way ticket. He was sent back to Dubai, and later returned to Saudi Arabia.

At 5:01 a.m. on the morning of September 11, Jarrah placed a cell phone call from Newark to Marwan al-Shehhi, the hijacker pilot of United Airlines Flight 175, in Boston. This call was apparently to confirm that the attacks were ready to begin.

Haznawi and Ghamdi boarded the aircraft at 07:39 and sat in first class seats 6B and 3D respectively. Nami boarded one minute later and sat in first class seat 3C. Before boarding the plane, Jarrah made five telephone calls to Lebanon, one to France, and one to his Turkish-German girlfriend, Aysel Sengün, in Germany, to whom he'd sent a farewell letter the day before. He said "I love you" three times, then hung up when she asked what was up.

With the attacks unfolding, air traffic officials began issuing warnings through the Aircraft Communication Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS). Ed Ballinger, the United flight dispatcher, began sending text cockpit warnings to United Airlines flights at 09:19, 17 minutes after he became aware of Flight 175's impact. Ballinger was responsible for multiple flights, and he sent the message to Flight93 at 09:23. Ballinger received a routine ACARS message from Flight93 at 09:21: "Good morning...Nice clb (climb) outta EWR [Newark Airport]." The message commented about the sights from the cockpit and the weather, and was signed off with the initial, "J.", indicating it came from Jason Dahl, who knew Ballinger. At 09:22, after learning of the events at the World Trade Center, LeRoy Homer's wife, Melody Homer, had an ACARS message sent to her husband in the cockpit asking if he was all right. At 09:24, Flight93 received Ballinger's ACARS warning, "Beware any cockpit intrusiontwo a/c [aircraft] hit World Trade Center". At 09:26, after the pilots twice checked in with a routine altitude and weather report to an air traffic controller at the FAA's Cleveland Center, Dahl wrote a hasty, misspelled ACARS reply: "Ed cofirm latest mssg plz-Jason". At 09:27:25, as the aircraft was crossing into eastern Ohio airspace, the flight crew responded to a routine radio call from a Cleveland air traffic controller, who told them to watch for another plane twelve miles away and two thousand feet above them. They said contact was negative and they were looking. This was the last communication made by the flight crew before the hijacking.

The hijacking began at 09:28. By this time, Flights 11 and 175 had already crashed into the World Trade Center and Flight77 was within nine minutes of striking the Pentagon. The hijackers on those flights had waited no more than thirty minutes to commandeer the aircraft, most likely striking after the seat belt sign had been turned off and cabin service had begun.<ref name="9/11Commission"></ref> It is unknown why the hijackers on Flight93 waited 46 minutes to begin their assault. According to reports from passengers and crew, the hijackers tied red bandanas around their heads and sprang from their seats. At 9:28:05, as the flight cruised at 35,000 feet over eastern Ohio, the plane abruptly dropped 685 feet. At 09:28:17, eleven seconds into the descent, Cleveland heard a man scream into the cockpit radio: "Mayday! Mayday! Mayday!" A second raspy shout went, "Hey! Get out of here!" Cleveland Air Traffic Controller John Werth didn't know the source of the call he heard, and could only make out what he heard as "just some gruttural, gruttural sounds." He responded, "Somebody call Cleveland?", before he noticed Flight 93's rapid descent and heard at 09:28:50 another transmission from the cockpit, screams alongside an even more desperate and garbled refrain: "Hey! Get out of here! Get out of here!" The commission made no conclusion as to whether it was Dahl or co-pilot LeRoy Homer giving the distress call, but when Melody Homer and Sandy Dahl, Jason Dahl's wife, together listened to the tape, Melody Homer claimed to have recognised her husband’s voice as the man who was shouting. The flight dropped in half a minute before the hijackers stabilized the aircraft at 34,315 feet, and soon began climbing southeast. Of the four hijacked aircraft on 9/11, Flight93 was the only aircraft that broadcast a distress call. It is likely that because the pilots had been warned of the World Trade Center attacks and to beware of cockpit intrusion, when the hijackers attacked them, they purposely pressed on the talk button of the radio microphone, so sounds of the struggle in the cockpit will be heard by FAA ground controllers and by pilots of planes on the same radio frequency. Werth believed it was not just a call for help, but a warning as well. During the next two minutes, Werth made seven attempts to contact Flight 93, with no reply, while other controllers moved nearby flights out of the way.

The cockpit voice recorder began recording the final thirty minutes of Flight93 at 09:31:57. At this moment, it recorded a hijacker’s voice, thought to be Jarrah, speaking with a halting command of accented English and breathing and panting heavily, apparently from exertion, perhaps from a struggle, "Ladies and gentlemen: here the captain. Please sit down, keep remaining seating. We have a bomb on board. So sit." The commission believed Jarrah tried to make an announcement to the passengers, but keyed the wrong switch, sending the message to Cleveland controllers; Mohamed Atta had made the same error on Flight 11. Werth understood the transmission, and tried to keep the hijacker pilot talking, responding, "Calling Cleveland center, you're unreadable. Say again, slowly." He sent a new text warning message to Flight 93: “High Security Alert. Secure Cockpit.” Werth asked other pilots in his sector to tail Flight 93, to keep eyes on the hijacked plane.

The flight recordings indicate that a wounded man, believed to be Dahl, was moaning in the cockpit. The man pleaded, "No more," or "No," repeatedly, as the hijackers shouted for him to sit down and to stop touching something. Sandy believes that Dahl took actions to interfere with the hijackers, including possibly disengaging the autopilot, and rerouting the plane's radio frequency so that Jarrah's attempts to communicate with the passengers were instead transmitted to air traffic controllers.

Tom Burnett made several phone calls to his wife beginning at 09:30:32 from rows 24 and 25, though he was assigned a seat in row 4. Burnett explained that the plane had been hijacked by men claiming to have a bomb. He also said a passenger had been stabbed with a knife and that he believed the bomb threat was a ruse to control the passengers. He told her to call the authorities, then hung up. During his second call to her, Burnett said the stabbed passenger was dead; he checked for a pulse but found none. It is believed that passenger Mark Rothenberg was the victim. Rothenberg was the only first class passenger who didn't make a phone call after the hijacking. Rothenberg was seated in 5B, and Haznawi sat directly behind him in 6B. On Flight 11, Satam al-Suqami in seat 10B attacked passenger Daniel Lewin, who was seated directly in front of him in 9B. One assumption is that Haznawi attacked Rothenberg, unprovoked, to frighten other passengers and crew into compliance. Alternatively, Rothenberg may have attempted to stop the hijacking and confront the hijackers. Burnett's wife informed him of the attacks on the World Trade Center and he replied that the hijackers were "talking about crashing this plane... Oh my God. It's a suicide mission." He began asking her for information about the attacks, interrupting her from time to time to tell the others nearby what she was saying. Then he hung up. In his next call, Burnett, who had been informed of the attack on the Pentagon, said he was putting together a plan and that "a group" were helping him. He ended his last call by saying, "Don't worry, we're going to do something."

In the cockpit, the wounded man continued to moan and seemingly repeat disengaging the autopilot, as at 09:40, there were horn sounds that indicating the hijackers were repeatedly having trouble with the autopilot and were fiddling with a green knob. "This green knob?" one of the hijackers asks the other in Arabic. Another hijacker responded, "Yes, that's the one." At 09:41:56, the wounded man, in a moaning tone, said, "Oh, man!".


Mirza Ghalib

Mirza Ghalib born Mirza Beg Asadullah Khan , pen-name Ghalib "ġhālib" means "dominant") and Asad "Asad" means "lion") (27 December 1796 — 15 February 1869), was a great classical Urdu and Persian poet of India. Most notably, he wrote several ghazals during his life, which have since been interpreted and sung in many different ways by different people. He is considered to be the most popular and influential poet of the Urdu language.

He was born in 1796 in Agra, India (then under the rule of the Mughal Empire). His father was Mirza Abdullah Beg Khan and his uncle was Mirza Nasrullah Beg Khan. His father Mirza Abdullah Beg Khan was an important Mughal noble who was prominent in the Mughal court. Mirza Ghalib become orphaned when he was just 5 years old. He lived with his uncle for 4 years, when his uncle too died. 

He started saying sher in Agra itself. He married the daughter of Nawab Ilahi Baksh 'Maaroof' and therefore moved to Delhi, India. In Delhi he devoted his full concentration to poetry. Soon he mastered the Persian language. So that no one should call him be-ustad ( without a teacher) he fabricated a story that he had an Iranian teacher Abdul Samad who lived in house for two years to teach him Farsi. Ghalib was always proud of his Farsi poetry but he is known more by his Urdu prose and poetry.

He always lived his life lacking money. After 1857 the support from the Royal durbar stopped. The pension from the British Government was stopped because he was suspected of supporting the rebels. He even travelled to Calcutta to restart the pension but to no avail. He went to the Nawab of Rampur, who promised him Rupees 200 if he lived in Rampur and Rs. 100 if he lived anywhere else. His pension was resumed 3 years after that, but all that money was used up for paying old debts. Ghalib died in 1869. 

Not only Urdu poetry but the prose is also indebted to Mirza Ghalib. His letters gave foundation to the easy and popular Urdu. Before Ghalib, letter writing in Urdu was highly ornamental. He made his letters "talking" by using words and sentences as if he is talking to the reader. According to him " from hundred of miles talk with the tongue of the pen and enjoy the joy of meeting even when you are separated". His letters were very informal, some times he will just write the name of the person and start the letter. He himself was very humorous and also made his letter very interesting. He said "I want to write the lines that whoever reads those should enjoy it". When the third wife of one of his friends died, he wrote. ."Allah Allah, there are some among us who have been freed from the prison three times and I have for the past 50 years this rope around my neck neither this rope breaks nor it takes my life" Some scholars says that Ghalib would have the same place in Urdu literature even only on the basis of his letters. 

In Urdu ghazals, along with the love and beauty Ghalib added all the facets of life. Because of him the canvas of Urdu ghazal became very extended. 

Since Ghalib was very occupied with Persian, his earlier shers used difficult words and his flights of imagination was such that..."either you (Ghalib) understand or the God (Khuda) understand". 

Ghalib was not a philosopher but he questioned things around him. "when there is no one besides you; then oh God why is this pandemonium?" 

One also find naughtiness in his writings, he makes fun of every thing and everybody including himself. "when the women are million years old what I will do with that paradise!" 

But Ghalib's sher not only have immediate effect on the heart but it makes you think too.

Tarz-e-Nigarish "طرز نگارش" By Dr Abdul haq

Saare Jahan se Achcha

Saare Jahan se Achcha is a poem. It was re-written in 1931. It became a symbol of resistance to the English rule of British-occupied India. The poem exists in different versions. Saare Jahan Se Achchha () is one of the enduring patriotic poems of the Urdu language. Written originally for children in the ghazal style of Urdu poetry by poet Muhammad Iqbal, the poem was published in the weekly journal Ittehad on 14 August 1931. Recited by Iqbal the following year at Government College, Lahore, now in Pakistan, it quickly became an anthem of opposition to the British rule in India.
Urdu text

Hindi

Roman Transliteration

"sāre jahāñ se achchā hindustan hamārā"
"ham bulbuleñ haiñ us kī vuh gulsitāñ hamārā"

"ġhurbat meñ hoñ agar ham, rahtā hai dil vat̤an meñ"
"samjho vuhīñ hameñ bhī dil ho jahāñ hamārā"

"parbat vuh sab se ūñchā, hamsāyah āsmāñ kā"
"vuh santarī hamārā, vuh pāsbāñ hamārā"

"godī meñ kheltī haiñ jis kī hazāroñ nadiyāñ"
"gulshan hai jin ke dam se rashk-e janāñ hamārā"

"ay āb-rūd-e Ganga! vuh din haiñ yād tujh ko?"
"utarā tire kināre jab kāravāñ hamārā"

"mażhab nahīñ sikhātā āpas meñ bair rakhnā"
"Hindi haiñ ham, vat̤an hai hindustāñ hamārā"

"yūnān-o-miṣr-o-rumā sab miṭ gaʾe jahāñ se"
"ab tak magar hai bāqī nām-o-nishāñ hamārā"

"kuchh bāt hai kih hastī miṭtī nahīñ hamārī"
"sadiyoñ rahā hai dushman daur-e zamāñ hamārā"

"iqbāl! koʾī maḥram apnā nahīñ jahāñ meñ"
"maʿlūm kyā kisī ko dard-e nihāñ hamārā!"

Translation

Better than the entire world, is our Hindustan,
We are its nightingales, and it (is) our garden abode

If we are in an alien place, the heart remains in the homeland,
Know us to be only there where our heart is.

That tallest mountain, that shade-sharer of the sky,
(It) is our sentry, (it) is our watchman

In its lap frolic those thousands of rivers,
Whose vitality makes our garden the envy of Paradise.

O the flowing waters of the Ganges, do you remember that day
When our caravan first disembarked on your waterfront?

Religion does not teach us to bear ill-will among ourselves
We are of Hind, our homeland is Hindustan.

In a world in which ancient Yunan, Misr, and Roma have all vanished without trace
Our own attributes (name and sign) live on today.

Such is our existence that it cannot be erased 
Even though, for centuries, the cycle of time has been our enemy.

Iqbal! We have no confidant in this world
What does any one know of our hidden pain?

Atlantic Soccer Conference

This is a list of colleges and universities who play soccer in the Atlantic Soccer Conference:

United Soccer Conference

This is a list of colleges and universities who play soccer in the United Soccer Conference:

Collegiate Water Polo Association

This is a list of colleges and universities who play water polo in the Collegiate Water Polo Association:

Western Water Polo Association

This is a list of colleges and universities who play water polo in the Western Water Polo Association:

ECAC Lacrosse

ECAC Lacrosse, in full the ECAC Lacrosse League, was an American college sports conference that only played men's lacrosse. The conference, a member of NCAA Division I, was founded in 1999 with play beginning in 2000 (both events were in the same school year).

The conference started with six members, and grew to as many as 10 schools. In its final years, it went through many membership changes; the biggest ones were:

ECAC Lacrosse disbanded after the 2014 season. This came after the Big Ten Conference, home to two of the final five members, said it would start a men's lacrosse league in the 2015 season. Two of the other three final members soon announced moves to other conferences.

These schools were members in the league's last season of 2014. Because NCAA lacrosse is a spring sport, the year of joining is the calendar year before the first season of play. 

These schools left ECAC Lacrosse before 2014. As in the previous table, the year of joining is the calendar year before the first season of play.

Great Western Lacrosse League

The Great Western Lacrosse League was a group of colleges and universities that played men's lacrosse against one another from 1984 to 2009. The conference disbanded after Notre Dame left when its main conference, the Big East, started a men's lacrosse league. The remaining five members joined ECAC Lacrosse.

The final membership was:

Nightingale

The nightingale ("Luscinia megarhynchos") is a small bird. It used to be put in the thrush family Turdidae. Now it is put on the Old World flycatchers, a group often called the chats or chat-thrushes. Its resemblance to thrushes is an example of convergent evolution.

It is a migratory insectivorous species. It breeds in forests and scrubs in Europe and south-west Asia. The distribution is more southerly than the very closely related thrush nightingale "Luscinia luscinia". It nests on the ground in or next to dense bushes. It passes the winter southern Africa. Studies have shown that nightingales seem to choose places to breed that meet certain criteria (Wink 1973):

The Nightingale is slightly larger than the robin, at around 15-16.5 cm length. It is plain brown above except for the reddish tail. It is buff to white below. Sexes are similar.

Nightingales are named so because they frequently sing at night as well as during the day. The name has been used for well over 1,000 years, being highly recognizable even in its Anglo-Saxon form - 'nihtingale'. It means 'night songstress'. Early writers assumed the female sang; in fact, it is the male. 

The song is loud, with an impressive range of whistles, trills and gurgles. Its song is particularly noticeable at night because few other birds are singing. This is why its name (in several languages) includes "night". Only unpaired males sing regularly at night, and nocturnal song is likely to serve attracting a mate. Singing at dawn, during the hour before sunrise, is assumed to be important in defending the bird's territory. Nightingales sing even more loudly in urban or near-urban environments, in order to overcome the background noise. The most characteristic feature of the song is a loud whistling crescendo, absent from the song of thrush nightingale. It has a frog-like alarm call.









We Are the Champions

"We Are the Champions" is a power ballad by Queen for the album "News of the World". It was written by Freddie Mercury.

British Invasion

The British Invasion was an event where many rock and roll, beat, and pop bands from the United Kingdom became very popular in the United States, Australia, and Canada. The term was created by the news media.

Pokémon

is a media franchise owned by The Pokémon Company. It is based on the concept of hatching, catching, playing with, staying with, befriending, defending, raising, trading, training and battling with hundreds of different monsters. The concept was made by Satoshi Tajiri, "Pokémon"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s creator. It is represented in many types of media, most famously video games, a still-running anime series, manga, and a trading card game. There are eight regions in the Pokémon games. Although there are 1013 different Pokémon, most people will know of the mascot of the company, an electric Pokémon known as Pikachu.

The video games have sold more copies than every other series except Nintendo's "Mario" series.

A number of "Pokémon" games have been released, mostly on Nintendo systems, with the exception of Pokémon GO as The Pokémon Company is owned by Nintendo.

Most games are based on catching, training and battling Pokémon, and the player is a Pokémon trainer who does all these things. There are a number of aspects to the games.

In the games, Pokémon are monsters that trainers catch (using various types of capture devices known as Poké Balls), train, battle, collect, and trade with each other. As of the ninth generation, there are 1013 of them. One of the most popular Pokémon in competitive battling is Mega Kangaskhan, because of its ability to hit the target twice with each move.

Another Pokémon game is the famous Pokémon GO that can be played only on touch phones. It has a big difference from the other games but its basics are the same. This game uses Augmented Reality and the phone's GPS to give the player a very real sense of play. People literally walk around their neighbourhoods, explore new places and catch Pokémon which can be captured along with your surrounding environment by using the phone's camera. People can also go to special places or landmarks where there would be Poké Stops and Gyms which can be used to collect items, battle other Pokémon etc. This game has been a huge success when it was released and is widely considered as the beginning of the AR era.

The gameplay of the Pokémon series of role-playing video games involves the capture and training of many of fictional monsters called "Pokémon" and using them to battle other trainers. Each generation of games builds upon this idea by introducing new Pokémon, items, and gameplay concepts. Some of the general ideas were featured elsewhere before being introduced in the games; double battles appeared in the anime long before appearing in the games, and Pokémon abilities are similar to the Pokémon Powers first seen in the "Pokémon Trading Card Game".

Not long after "Pokémon Red and Blue" (the first "Pokémon" video games) were released, a "Pokémon" anime was created. It was first shown in Japan in early 1997, and in the United States in late 1998. The anime started what has been called "Pokémania", which meant that after the anime came out, it became very popular among children, and many parents assumed it was a fad and no one would care about it in a couple years. However, it was never cancelled, and it is still running.

The interesting thing about the Pokémon Anime is that when a new Pokémon game is released that is not a remake, the whole Anime focuses on that with new Pokémon and the world that is in that Pokémon game.

The anime shows the adventures of Ash Ketchum, (with the exception of some special series) a ten-year-old Pokémon trainer who has many adventures, meeting many new people and Pokémon. His most famous Pokémon, and probably "the" most famous Pokémon, is Pikachu.

A number of "Pokémon" films have also been made that relate to the anime. The first one was "Pokémon: The First Movie" (released in 1998 in Japan and 1999 in United States). There are more movies still being made. There have now been seventeen films released.

A "Pokémon" trading card game also exists. Players use Pokémon cards to battle each other and collect them by opening packs. There are also live tournaments hosted by Nintendo. Pokémon's damage is counted by "damage counters" or objects which are placed on the cards to keep track of damage. After you add up all of the numbers on the damage counters, you subtract it from the card's HP (health points) to find out how much HP is left. Only 60 cards are used in a player's deck, and six of these are set aside in a pile called "prize cards." After one player knocks out an opponent's card, the defeater takes just one face-down prize card for non-EX Pokémon. Meanwhile, when someone makes an EX Pokémon faint, he or she gets two prize cards. There is one discard pile for each player, where fainted Pokémon go. Some ways to win are taking all of your prize cards, and/or making your opponent draw all of his or her cards.

There are cards designed as various Pokémon, which usually need "Energy" cards to use attacks. There are also "Trainer" cards, which are used for additional things other than direct Pokémon attacks, like giving Pokémon more HP. Most fans of the series agree that a good deck is made of about twenty "Pokémon" cards, twenty "Energy" cards, and twenty "Trainer" cards.

Players can evolve their Benched or Active Pokémon. The Bench is a spot that can hold Pokémon, and these Pokémon can be evolved with its evolution card. Active Pokémon can evolve too, but can also use attacks. To evolve a Pokémon, you can just put its evolution card on top of it.

All Pokémon cards have types. The type affects how effective an attack is. For example, a certain Lightning-type Pikachu card can use an attack that normally deals 80 damage. If the Pikachu uses it against a Pokémon with a Weakness of +20 to Lighting, you add 20 more damage to the normal damage to make it 100. Types can also make things less effective.

There is also a special kind of Pokémon in the trading card game called ""EX"" Pokémon. "EX & GX" Pokémon are stronger than regular ones, but when they are knocked out, the player's opponent draws two of their prize cards (with regular Pokémon it is just one.) Also, there is another special type of Pokémon in the trading card game called "Delta Species" Pokémon, which have types that are different than typical cards, like an Electric-type Charmander, who is usually Fire-type. In the "Diamond & Pearl" trading card game expansion, "LV.X" cards were introduced. These are a little like evolution cards, but they can only be used on Active Pokémon. In the "HeartGold & SoulSilver" expansion, The Pokémon Company released new cards, called LEGEND cards. LEGEND cards are two cards sold separately that when put together make one picture. They can be used only when the two cards they are made of are put together; they cannot work separately. 

The "Pokémon" media franchise, especially the anime, has been often criticized by organizations such as PETA.

An episode of the anime called "Dennō Senshi Porygon" ("Electric Soldier Porygon" translated in English) was first shown in Japan on December 16, 1997. One part of the episode showed quick flashing red and blue lights. This caused 685 Japanese children to have epileptic seizures. Because of this, the anime went on a four-month break, and several laws were put in place regarding the flashing lights. Also, the previous episodes released had been toned down when Pokemon aired again.

Porygon, one of the main characters in the episode, has not appeared again in the anime ever since "Dennō Senshi Porygon". It has two evolved forms, Porygon2 and Porygon-Z, and neither of them have appeared in the anime at all, even though it was Ash Ketchum's Pikachu that made the explosion that caused the flashing lights.

An episode of "The Simpsons" called "Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo" made fun of "Dennō Senshi Porygon", as well as an episode of "South Park" called "Chinpokomon".

Jynx, a species of Pokémon, was criticized because it looked like it was using blackface (an old film-making technique that makes white actors look African-American). It was also criticized because it looked like a drag queen (a man who dresses as a woman). This was not an issue in Japan, but it caused a lot of argument in the United States because of the United States' history of racism. Ever since then, Jynx has purple skin instead of black skin, and anime episodes featuring it were banned due to argument.

In "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl", the Pokémon Registeel had its sprite changed in some European versions, because its pose was too similar to a Nazi salute.

Another Nazi-related censorship was the trading card Koga's Ninja Trick. In this card, there are various symbols, one of them being the swastika. The swastika symbol is used in some cultures and religions. However, it is also used as a symbol of Nazism. Because of this, the symbol was changed in the English and International versions of the trading card.

5. Team GO Rocket arrival to Pokemon Go generated record breaking $110 million revenue in August -AndroidNature.com- August 2019

Pokémon (anime)

Pokémon (abbreviated from ) is a Japanese anime series. It is part of the "Pokémon" media franchise which is owned by Nintendo. It has been brought to many other places, including North America, Europe, and Australia. The United States dub was originally made by 4Kids Entertainment; starting in 2006 the dub has been made by Pokémon USA.

Not long after "Pokémon Red and Blue" (the first "Pokémon" video games outside of Japan) were released, the anime was created. It was first broadcast in Japan in early 1997, and in the United States in late 1998. The anime started what has been called "Pokémania", which meant that after the anime came out, it became very popular among children, and many parents assumed it was a fad and no one would care about it in a couple years. However, it was never cancelled, and it is still running, and continues to maintain a fanbase consisting of people of all ages.

The anime shows the adventures of Ash Ketchum, a 10-year-old Pokémon trainer and his partner pikachu, who has many adventures, meeting many new people and Pokémon, Ash then leaves the anime and Pokemon Horizons then follows Liko and Roy who also go on adventures to meet people and Pokemon.

Pokemon Horizons will release in Australia on 9Go! on February 27th 2024.

A number of "Pokémon" films have also been made that relate to the anime. The first one was "" (released on 1998 in Japan and on 1999 in North America). They are still being made.

There are various bad guys in Pokemon like Team Rocket.








• Pokemon Horizons


Donkey Kong (series)


Kirby (series)

Most of the games are platform games, but there are games of other genres.

The first Kirby game was Kirby's Dream Land, made in 1992 for the Game Boy. It had a small set of levels that each introduced Kirby and the enemy characters. King Dedede was the villain fought at the end of the game.

The second Kirby game was Kirby's Adventure, made for the NES. It had many worlds, and each world had its own set of levels. Kirby's Adventure introduced Kirby's power to copy the powers of the enemies he eats. It was the first Kirby game to show Kirby in a pink color.

Kirby's Dream Land 2 brought some of Kirby's copy abilities to the Game Boy, as well as a set of worlds like in Kirby's Adventure. Kirby's Dream Land 3, made for the SNES, also used these parts of the game, in a new story. let the player mix the copy abilities together to make new powers for Kirby to use.

More Kirby games were made for handheld game consoles: Kirby & the Amazing Mirror for the Game Boy Advance, and for the Nintendo DS. They gave Kirby a large set of copy abilities, like in Kirby's Adventure.

Kirby's Return to Dream Land was made in 2011 for the Wii. It showed the modern look of the characters.

Ace Attorney

Ace Attorney, known as in Japan, is a video game series made by Capcom, with games released on the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, and Nintendo 3DS. The series is a visual novel style courtroom drama where a rookie defense attorney must get their falsely accused client a not guilty verdict and find the true culprit.

The first "Ace Attorney" game was released in Japan in 2001. The game, "" was made for the Game Boy Advance. In 2005, the game was released outside of Japan for the first time. This was with a Nintendo DS version of the game. Right now, the series has six main games and five spin-off games.



Oruchuban Ebichu

Oruchuban Ebichu (also known as ) is an anime. It was made by the Japanese animaion studio Gainax. The anime is based on the 1990 manga by Risa Itō.

In 1990 to 2007, the manga was published in the magazine Giga&chan (ギガ/Shan). It was published in the magazine ACTION PIZAZZ (アクションピザッツ) in 2007 and 2008. After 1999, The manga was published in book form. In 1999, it was shown on Television on DirecTV).

this story is about a housekeeper hamster named Ebichu and her master, Gosujinjama, who she calls Office Lady (OL). The name Ebichu comes from the Japanese beer "Yebisu".

Ebichu is a hamster. She is a faithful and very good housekeeper. She often does not have any tact. This often leads to her being abused by OL. Gosujinjama is 25 years old (29 in the manga). She has a bad temper. 


Kirby Super Star Ultra

Kirby Super Star Ultra is a remake of "Kirby Super Star", a collection of side-scrolling platform video games for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was made for Kirby's 15th anniversary. The game was released for the Nintendo DS in 2008.

"Kirby Super Star Ultra" has every game that the original "Kirby Super Star" has, along with new games. The original games are:


The new games are:


SummerSlam (2008)

SummerSlam was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on August 17, 2008 at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was the 21st annual SummerSlam event and starred wrestlers from the Raw, SmackDown and ECW brands.



HAL Laboratory

HAL Laboratory is a video game developer and a second party to Nintendo. They are best known for developing the "Kirby" series and the "Super Smash Bros." series. They also develop the "BoxBoy!" series.

Wario Land: The Shake Dimension

Wario Land: The Shake Dimension (known as Wario Land: Shake It! in North America) is a platform video game made by Good-Feel and published by Nintendo for the Wii game console.

"The Shake Dimension" is a side-scrolling platform game that uses 3D cel-shading to make it look hand-drawn. It stars Wario, and the player controls him by holding the Wii Remote like an NES controller. Wario can jump, do a shoulder bash, and at certain times, can use the Wii Remote's motion features to shake stuff or control stuff.

Rosario Dawson

Rosario Isabel Dawson (born May 9, 1979) is an American actress. Her first movie was "Kids" in 1995. Since then, she has become known for her roles in "Men in Black II" (2002), "25th Hour" (2002), "The Rundown" (2003), "Alexander" (2004), "Sin City" (2005), "Death Proof" (2007), "Eagle Eye" (2008), "Unstoppable" (2010), "César Chávez" (2013), "Trance" (2013), "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017) and "" (2019).

She also plays Ahsoka Tano in the Disney+ "Star Wars" series "The Mandalorian and Ahsoka".

Dawson endorsed Barack Obama for re-election in 2012, and Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination in the 2016 and 2020 presidential primaries. 

She dated U.S. Senator Cory Booker from 2019 until 2022. Dawson adopted a 12-year-old girl in 2014.

In February 2020, Dawson publicly came out as a member of the LGBT community.

The Age

The Age is a newspaper made in Melbourne, Australia. It is owned by an Australian company called Fairfax, and its first edition was on 17 October 1854.

The newspaper was first made by John and Henry Cooke. They also had a merchant business called Francis Cooke and Co.. They said they would use the newspaper to help miners in the Australian Gold Rush. The newspaper has become very popular since then. According to its website, it gets up to 957,000 on Saturdays. The editor is Andrew Jaspan, who got the job in 2004. He got in trouble in 2008 when "The Age" journalists agreed that he had been making it hard for them to make news reports independently.


MINIX

MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture. Andrew S. Tanenbaum wrote the operating system so it could be used for educational purposes; MINIX also helped Linus Torvalds design the Linux kernel. Its name comes from the words "minimal" and "Unix".

Released under the BSD license, MINIX is free and open source.

Andrew S. Tanenbaum created MINIX at Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam.

MINIX 3 was announced to the public on 24 October 2005 by Andrew Tanenbaum during his speech on top of the ACM Symposium Operating System Principles conference. MINIX 3 currently supports only IA-32 architecture PC systems. It has a Live CD format that lets it be used on a computer without installing it.
Version 3.1.2 was released 8 May 2006. It contains X11, emacs, vi, cc, gcc, perl, python, ash, bash, zsh, ftp, ssh, telnet, pine, and over 400 other common UNIX programs. With the addition of X11, this version starts the change from a Text-Only System.

The design principles Tanenbaum applied to MINIX had influenced the design decisions Linus Torvalds applied in the creation of the Linux kernel. Torvalds used and appreciated MINIX, but his design was different from the MINIX architecture in significant ways, most notably by employing a monolithic kernel instead of a microkernel. This was famously disapproved by Tanenbaum in the Tanenbaum-Torvalds debate. (Tanenbaum explained again his rationale for using a microkernel in May 2006.)

In May 2004 Kenneth Brown of the Alexis de Tocqueville Institution raised the accusation that major parts of the Linux kernel had been copied from MINIX, in a book called "Samizdat".

These accusations were rejected by Andrew Tanenbaum, who said that Kenneth Brown was very wrong and published a long rebuttal on his personal website.

Its licensing fee was very small ($69) compared to the ones of other operating systems. Although Tanenbaum wished for MINIX to be as easily available to students, his publisher would not allow it.

When free/open source Unix-like operating systems such as Linux became available in the early 1990s, many volunteer software developers stopped using MINIX for Linux. In April 2000, MINIX became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems were much better, and it was mostly used as an operating system for students and hobbyists.



Causality

Causality is a way to describe how different events relate to one another. Suppose there are two events "A" and "B". If "B" happens because "A" happened, then people say that A "is the cause" of B, or that B "is the effect of" A.

Aristotle was a Greek philosopher. He looked at the problem of causality. In his books "Posterior analytics" and "Metaphysics" he wrote:
This can be used to explain causality. Aristotle found different kinds of causes:

Aristotle told people of two types of causes: proper (prior) causes and accidental (chance) causes. Both types of causes, can be spoken as potential or as actual, particular or generic. The same language refers to the effects of causes; so that generic effects assigned to generic causes, particular effects to particular causes, and operating causes to actual effects. It is also essential that ontological causality does not suggest the temporal relation of before and after - between the cause and the effect; that spontaneity (in nature) and chance (in the sphere of moral actions) are among the causes of effects belonging to the efficient causation, and that no incidental, spontaneous, or chance cause can be prior to a proper, real, or underlying cause "per se".

All investigations of causality coming later in history will consist in imposing a favorite hierarchy on the order (priority) of causes; such as "final > efficient > material > formal" (Aquinas), or in restricting all causality to the material and efficient causes or, to the efficient causality (deterministic or chance), or just to regular sequences and correlations of natural phenomena (the natural sciences describing "how" things happen rather than asking "why" they happen).

David Hume was another philosopher who looked at the relation between cause and effect. Hume thinks that there are certain things all such relations of cause and effect have in common.:

Hume says that if someone is used to always seeing the same things occur in the same order, he will get accustomed to them being in that order. When he sees one event occur, he will expect the other to occur as well:
Logic is the science that looks at how to build an argument. In Logic, there are usually two different types of causes. They are called "necessary cause" and "sufficient cause".





Wildhaus

Wildhaus is a village and municipality near St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. About 1,200 people live there. Huldrych Zwingli was born there in 1484. With "9658", Wildhaus has the highest zip code in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Wildhaus and Alt St. Johann merged into the new municipality of Wildhaus-Alt St. Johann.


Muhammad Iqbal

Sir Muhammad Iqbal (November 9, 1877 – April 21, 1938), widely known as Allama Iqbal, was a Muslim poet and philosopher. Allama Iqbal gave the idea of Pakistan. He became the national poet of Pakistan after his death. He is also known as the poet of East. He wrote poetry in Urdu and Persian. His poetry is considered to be revolutionary. His vision of an independent state for the Muslims of British India was a starting point for the creation of Pakistan. He is commonly referred to as Dr Allama Muhammad Iqbal.

Muhammad Iqbal was born on 9 November 1877. His father was Sheikh Noor Muhammad, who worked in a small government job but later started his own business, and his mother was Imam Bibi. Both Allama Iqbal's mother and father were very pious and religious-minded people and devoted to a simple life. After early Islamic education and then secondary at a small school in Sialkot, Iqbal was admitted to the Scottish Murray College, Sialkot, where he topped the higher secondary examinations and got a scholarship to study at the famous Government College, Lahore, for BA. On going to live in the hostel there, Iqbal met Professor Arnold, an English teacher who taught many things to Iqbal and guided him in his studies of philosophy and literature. He was very young at that time.

Iqbal became well known as a new poet and writer. He used to go to attend the 'Mushaira' at the haveli of Hakim Syed Aminuddin, in BhaatiGate area of Old Lahore city—here, he met many famous poets and writers and began to write good poems which became very popular. He was guided by Mirza Dagh. His first famous poem, "Koh i Himala" was also printed in Makhzan magazine, owned by Hakim Shuja uddin and Sir Abdul Qadir

After doing his BA and MA from Government College, Lahore, Iqbal was appointed a professor there. In 1905, he was selected for higher studies at the University of London, and then he went to Munich, Germany, where he took a PHD degree. After all his study, Iqbal decided to go back and teach and also practice law in India.

He taught some senior classes at Government College and also practiced Law at Lahore High Court. At the same time, he wrote many famous poems such as "Asrar i Khudi", "Ramuz i Bekhudi", "Payam i Mashriq", "Zabur i Ajam", "Bang i Dara", "Bal i Jibrail and" etc. Because of his learning and knowledge, people soon began to call him 'Allama' Iqbal. In 1923, King George V of Britain, giving him the title of Allama 'Sir' Muhammad Iqbal. He was awarded 5 awards.

He was always concerned about the thoughts, ideas and condition of Muslims everywhere, but specially Indian Muslims who were under British Rule and threatened by the Brahman ruling population. Iqbal believed strongly in Sir Syed Ahmed Khan's 'Two Nation theory' that Muslims and Hindus were two separate nations and should be allowed to live separately. He put forward this idea again in his famous Allahabad Address to the Muslim League, in 1930, and preached this in his poems and lectures. Allama's words and ideas inspired many Muslims, some of whom became leaders of the Muslim League. He was very popular amongst the Muslim masses too. Being such an influential poet for the Muslims of India, Iqbal also saw the Iqbal Day being celebrated during his lifetime across the sub-continent.

He died on 21 April 1938 in Lahore, Punjab, British India.


1984–85 NHL season

The 1984–85 NHL season was the 68th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Edmonton Oilers won their second straight Stanley Cup by beating the Philadelphia Flyers four games to one in the final series.

This was the first year since they began broadcasting that CBC was not the lone network broadcaster in Canada. While Molson continued to present Hockey Night in Canada on Saturday nights, rival brewery Carling O'Keefe began airing Friday night games on CTV. The two networks split the playoffs and finals.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes. Teams qualifying for the playoffs shown in bold."

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

Source: NHL.

"Note: GP = Games played; W = Won; L = Lost; T = Tied; GA = Goals allowed; GAA = Goals against average; SO = Shutouts"

The defending champion Edmonton Oilers returned to the Final, meeting the overall regular season champion Philadelphia Flyers. In the Final, Edmonton would lose the first game to the Flyers but would then take the next four to win their second consecutive Stanley Cup.

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1984–85 (listed with their first team, asterisk(*) marks debut in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1984–85 (listed with their last team):

"Note: Goring and Park were the last two players to have played in the NHL in the 1960s."


Grant Fuhr

Grant Scott Fuhr (born September 28, 1962) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played in the National Hockey League. In 2003, he was added into the Hockey Hall of Fame. Born of biracial parents, Fuhr was adopted as a baby and raised in Spruce Grove, Alberta.



Ron Hextall

Ronald Jeffrey Hextall (born May 3, 1964 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender most often associated with the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League. He is the grandson of Hall-of-Famer Bryan Hextall, the son of former NHL player Bryan Hextall Jr. and nephew of former NHL player Dennis Hextall.



Brandon Wheat Kings

The Brandon Wheat Kings are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brandon, Manitoba. They compete in the Western Hockey League, and joined the league in the 1967–68 season. Prior to that they played in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League and were known as the Brandon Elks for a short time in the 1940s. They won 8 Turnbull Cup Championships as Manitoba Junior Champions, 1939, 1947, 1949, 1950, 1960, 1962, 1963, & 1964 and appeared in the Memorial Cup five times: in 1949 (as an MJHL team), 1979, 1995, 1996 and 2010, losing each time. The team plays its home games in Westman Communications Group Place (Keystone Centre). They also played at Wheat City Arena until 1969, and the Manex Arena from 1969 to 1972. Starting in 1973, the Wheat Kings owned and operated a farm team in the MJHL, called the Travellers.

An earlier incarnation of the Wheat Kings played for the Stanley Cup in 1904, but lost to the Ottawa Senators.

The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings won the Abbott Cup defeating the Calgary Buffaloes. They went on to lose the Memorial Cup to the Montreal Royals. The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category. 

The Wheat Kings hold the CHL record for most points (125) in a single season, setting the mark in 1978–79.

The Western Hockey League announced on October 16, 2008, that the Wheat Kings were chosen to host the 2010 Memorial Cup championship at the Keystone Centre. They reached the final game, losing to the Windsor Spitfires.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"



William Riker

William Thomas Riker is a character. He is played by Jonathan Frakes. He is first officer on the starship Enterprise. This means that he is second in command of the starship and can give orders if the Captain is away.

Riker soon becomes very comfortable on the Enterprise, many times refusing offers of his own command. On part 1-2 on the episode "The Best of Both Worlds", Riker takes command on the Enterprise and orders Jean-Luc Picard rescued.

Hall church

A hall church is a type of church building. The term "hall church" is about the architecture of the building. Most very large churches and cathedrals are built with a long part where people sit, called the "nave". On each side of the nave is a lower "aisle". Between the nave and the aisles are rows of columns. Above the columns are windows which let light into the nave. In a hall church, there are no windows above the columns. The nave and the aisles are about the same height. 

Famous cathedrals which are hall churches are Milan Cathedral in Italy, St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna and Bristol Cathedral in England. 

The term was first used in the mid-19th century by the German art historian Wilhelm Lübke.


St Thomas' Church, Strasbourg

Saint Thomas Church in Strasbourg is a Protestant church today. It is very important for Strasbourg, from a cultural and historic perspective. Strasbourg Cathedral had to be given to the Catholics when the French occupied Strasbourg in 1681. Since then, this church is the main Protestant church in the region. 

The veneration of St. Thomas at this particular spot was already present in the 6th century. A church and a school were built there in the 9th century. They burned down because lightning struck them in 1007 and again in 1144. A very large church built like a fortress to resist fires better was started in the year of 1196. Building works were interrupted several times, until they finished with building side-chapels in Gothic style. In 1524 the church became Lutheran. Today, it is in charge of several schools. There is also a seminary (A special school for priests) in the baroque building next to it. 

There are 5 naves in the church. It is the oldest such church in southwest Germany, and the only "hall church" in Alsace. The church is also known for its organs. One of them was built by Johann Andreas Silbermann in 1741. The family Silbermann (father and sons) were the most important German organ-builders of the 18th century. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart played on this organ several times during the three weeks he spent in Strasbourg in 1778 and wrote in a letter to his father Leopold Mozart about it. The other organ (built for the choir) was designed by Albert Schweitzer and built in 1906. 

There is a gothic fresco of Saint Michael in the church. This is the largest of its kind in France after that of St. Christopher in Wissembourg, which is ten meters high.

There are also many notable tombs and tombstones in the church, the oldest is a romanesque masterwork from the 11th century, and the largest a baroque monument to field-marchal Maurice of Saxony that fills up the entire rear wall of the choir. Maurice could not be buried in Paris because he was Protestant, and since he was German by birth, Strasbourg was a fitting place.

The Saint Thomas church also houses medieval stained glass in its windows, although Protestants destroyed parts of it in the early years of the Reformation.

Aircraft hijacking

Aircraft hijacking (also known as skyjacking and aircraft piracy) is the takeover of an aircraft, by a person or group, usually armed. In most cases the pilot is forced to fly according to the orders of the hijackers. Sometimes, the hijackers fly the planes themselves, as occurred in the September 11, 2001 attacks. In one case the official pilot hijacked the plane, when he diverted his internal Air China flight to Taiwan.


Logan International Airport

General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States (and partly in the Town of Winthrop, Massachusetts), is one of the 20 busiest airports in the U.S., with over 27 million passengers a year. The airport serves as a focus city for American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, US Airways, and JetBlue Airways.

It covers 2,400 acres (10 km²), has six runways, and employs an estimated 16,000 people. The airport has service to destinations in the United States, as well as Canada, the Cape Verde Islands, the Caribbean, Europe, and Mexico. The distinctive central control tower, nearly a dozen stories high, is a local landmark with its pair of segmented elliptical pylons and a six-story platform trussed between them.

Boston serves as a focus city for JetBlue Airways. Delta Air Lines and US Airways also carries out many operations from the airport, and all major airlines fly to Boston from all or the majority of their primary and secondary hubs. It is also a destination of many major European airlines, such as Lufthansa, British Airways, Norwegian Air Shuttle and Air France. The airport is a hub for regional airline Cape Air. The airport has service to destinations in the United States, as well as Africa, Canada, the Caribbean, Europe, Mexico, and South America. Japan Airlines plans to inaugurate service to Tokyo in 2012, which would add the first service to Asia since 2001. As of July 2013, the service continues to operate with great success.

In 2010, it was the world's 28th busiest airport in terms of aircraft movements. The airport is also the 12th busiest airport in the U.S. based on international traffic. In 2010, it handled 3,681,739 international passengers. Logan Airport stimulates the New England regional economy by over $7 billion each year. It generates $559.4 million in state and local taxes.



NHL Entry Draft

The NHL Entry Draft is an event in which the teams of the National Hockey League (NHL) systematically select the rights to available amateur players who meet the requirements to play professional hockey in the NHL.

Draft order in the Entry Draft is determined by a combination of lottery, regular season standing, and playoff results. In all cases, the team considered is the original holder of the draft pick, not a team which may have acquired the pick via a trade or other means.


In the 1974 entry draft, Buffalo Sabres General Manager Punch Imlach deliberately selected an imaginary Japanese center, Taro Tsujimoto, supposedly of the Tokyo Katanas of the Japanese Ice Hockey League, in the 11th round (183rd overall). Only after weeks had passed did the league discover that Tsujimoto did not in fact exist. Imlach later revealed that he had played the prank because of his frustration with the excessive tedium and length of that year's draft proceedings. Today, the league officially records the 183rd selection of the 1974 entry draft as an "invalid claim".

Likewise, the Florida Panthers attempted to draft Russian hockey phenomenon Alexander Ovechkin in 2003, even though his birthday was two days after the cut-off. The Panther's GM claimed that, with the addition of extra days falling on Leap Year, Ovechkin was actually eligible to be drafted.

Below is a chart showing where players have been drafted from by year. The leagues represented are the Ontario Hockey League, Western Hockey League, Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, United States Colleges, United States High Schools, International players. Those player listed under Other do not fit any of the other listed categories. International players who were playing for teams in North American leagues are listed in the chart as being drafted from their respective league rather than being listed as international. 

This is a ranking of the minor teams who have provided the most players to the NHL as of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

Rank - Team, League - Players

Note: Totals for Canadian Hockey League teams include all teams from that city, regardless of franchise moves except for Toronto, Quebec City, Montreal, Calgary and Vancouver.

Los Angeles International Airport

Los Angeles International Airport is the airport which serves Los Angeles, California, United States. It is often called LAX, its airport code. The letters are usually said by themselves. LAX is in southwestern Los Angeles in the neighborhood of Westchester, from the downtown core.

With 65,924,298 passengers in 2022, LAX was the sixth busiest airport in the world and is served by direct flights to North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia, Oceania, and the Middle East. The airport is a small hub for American Airlines and United Airlines and a focus city for Alaska Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and Southwest Airlines.

Cockpit

A cockpit is the open space, normally near the front of an aircraft, where a pilot controls the aircraft. A different name for the cockpit is the flight deck, flight deck can also refer to the flight deck on an aircraft carrier. Current cockpits have walls on all sides, this may not be the same for some small aircraft, and cockpits on aircraft with passengers have the cockpit separated from the passenger area of the aircraft. Motorboats also have cockpits.

Cockpit as a term for the pilot's space in an aircraft first appeared in 1914. From about 1935 cockpit also came to be used informally to refer to the driver's seat of a car, especially a high performance one, and this is official terminology in Formula One. The term is most likely related to the sailing term for the coxswain's station in a Royal Navy ship, and later the location of the ship's rudder controls.

List of defunct and relocated National Hockey League teams

This is a list of teams that once played in the National Hockey League but no longer exist. This includes franchises which have moved to different cities. The years of operation only reflect the time in which that team was in the NHL; it does not take into account any time in which the franchise operated in another league (such as the World Hockey Association).


First officer

In commercial aviation, the first officer is the second pilot (sometimes referred to as the "co-pilot") of an aircraft. The first officer is second-in-command of the aircraft, to the Captain who is the legal commander. In the event of incapacitation of the captain, the first officer will assume command of the aircraft.

Control of the aircraft is normally shared equally between the first officer and the captain, with one pilot normally designated the "Pilot Flying" (PF) and the other the "Pilot Not Flying" (PNF) for each flight. Even when the first officer is the flying pilot, however, the captain remains ultimately responsible for the aircraft, its passengers, and the crew. In typical day-to-day operations, the essential job tasks remain fairly equal.

The pilot is seated in the left seat of the cockpit, and the co-pilot is positioned in the right seat.

Generally one of the two will fly the airplane, while the other navigates and is in charge of radio communication.

Flight attendant

In aviation, flight stewardesses or flight attendants — also known as cabin crew, stewards, air hosts/hostesses, or stewardesses, — are members of a cabin crew employed by airlines to assist the travelers. 

Stewardesses assist both the travelers but also the pilots who are busy driving the plain, as the pilots does not talk directly during driving to travelers they talk and send their messages to them by the stewardesses.

Stewardesses has also communications studies for this reason. 

Stewardesses are helping not only in piloting but sometimes in other types of transport as big buses.

Usually stewardesses are plane pilots assistants in air and are used to flight in air, to keep balance in air, and on plane, and are in good physical shape. 

Stewardesses has as pilots uniforms in civilian piloting for the professional level of their work. 

They make sure that the passengers on commercial flights (or, sometimes, business jets) are safe and comfortable during the flight.

Western Conference (NHL)

The Western Conference () is one of two conferences in the National Hockey League (NHL) used to divide teams. Its counterpart is the Eastern Conference.



Mohamed Atta

Mohamed Atta ( (September 1, 1968 – September 11, 2001) was a known associate of al-Qaeda and the leader of the nineteen hijackers who carried out the September 11 attacks. He personally participated in the hijacking of American Airlines Flight 11, the first plane to crash into the World Trade Center during the September 11, 2001 attacks. He was said to be 'the best candidate for the job'.

List of Stanley Cup champions

This is a list of Stanley Cup champions, including finalists and challengers. The Stanley Cup, donated by former Governor General of Canada Lord Stanley of Preston in 1892, is the oldest professional sports trophy in North America. Originally inscribed the "Dominion Hockey Challenge Cup", the trophy started out as an award for Canada's top-ranking amateur ice hockey club. Today, it is awarded to the top team in the National Hockey League, a professional ice hockey league.

A. Although the Montreal Victorias won the AHAC title in 1895, the Stanley Cup trustees had already accepted a challenge from the 1894 Cup champion Montreal HC and Queen's University. As a compromise, the trustees decided that if the Montreal HC won the challenge match, the Victorias would become the Stanley Cup champions. The Montreals eventually won the game, 5–1, and their crosstown rivals were awarded the Cup.

B. Intended to be a best-of-three series, Ottawa Capitals withdrew their challenge after the first game.

C. The January 31 (a Saturday) game was tied 2–2 at midnight and the Mayor of Westmount refused to allow play to continue on the Sunday. The game was played on February 2 (a Monday) and the January 31 game was considered to be void.

D. For most of 1904, the Ottawa Senators were not affiliated with any league.

E. The Montreal Wanderers were disqualified as the result of a dispute. After game one ended tied at the end of regulation, 5–5, the Wanderers refused to play overtime with the current referee, and then subsequently refused to play the next game of the series in Ottawa.

F. Victoria did not formally challenge for the Stanley Cup with the Stanley Cup trustees. Toronto accepted the challenge directly.


The Conn Smythe Trophy is awarded to the player who is judged to be the most valuable player to his team during the playoffs. It was first awarded during the 1964–65 playoffs.




First class (aviation)

First class, sometimes called A1, is a luxury travel class on some airliners that exceeds "Business Class", "Premium Economy Class" and "Economy Class". On a passenger jetliner first class refers to a limited number (rarely more than 16) of seats or cabins located in the front of the aircraft which are notable for their comfort, service and privacy. Propeller airliners occasionally have first class in the rear.

List of NHL players

This list of National Hockey League (NHL) players is divided into the following lists:

A • B • C • D • E • F • G • H • I • J • K • L • M • N • O • P • Q • R • S • T • U–V • W • X–Z



History of Pakistan

The History of Pakistan, or Ancient Pakistan, includes the area of the Indus Valley. This area covers the northwest part of the Indian subcontinent and the eastern part of the Iranian plateau. It was important because it was both a fertile area where a big civilization grew and a place where South Asia connected to Central Asia and the Near East.

During the period 6000 BC and 2000 BC, late Neolithic culture and the start of the Bronze Age was taking shape in the Indus Valley.

About 7000 years before, by 5100 BC, early Neolithic culture had developed in ancient Pakistan. People had learned farming. They tended goats, lived in houses build of mud, and had learned to make baskets. Potteries were also made. 


Around the 5th century BC, north-western parts of India faced invasion by the Achaemenid Empire and the Greeks of Alexander's army. Persian way of thinking, administration and lifestyle came to India. This influence became bigger during the Mauryan dynasty.

From around 520 BC, Achaemenid Empire’s Darius I ruled large part of northwestern parts of the Indian subcontinent. 
Then Alexander conquered these areas. Herodotus, a historian of that time has written that these areas were the richest areas of Alexander’s Empire. Achaemenid rule lasted about 186 years. In modern times, there are still traces of this Greek heritage to be found in parts of northwestern India.

Greco-Buddhism (also spelt as Græco-Buddhism) is a combination of culture of Greece and Buddhism. This mixture of cultures continued to develop for 800 long years, from 4th century BC until the 5th century AD. The area where it happened is modern day’s Afghanistan and Pakistan. This mixture of cultures influenced Mahayana Buddhism and spread of Buddhism to China, Korea, Japan and Tibet. 


16th July 622 Hijri calendar is considered to be started as Muhammad migrated to Madina. 
16 March 1527 Kanwaha battle took place between forces of Babur and Rana Songa of Mewar, a Rajput prince. Babur forces defeated Rajput in this decisive battle. 
26 June 1564 Sheikh Ahmad was born who joined Naqshbandya Silsilah under the decipline of Khawaja Baqi Billah. He gave the philosophy of Wahdat-ul Wujud and Wahdat-ush Shuhud in his dedication to Islam. 
21 February 1703 Shah Wali Ullah son of Shah Abdul Rehman born 



Business class

Business class (also known as executive class or upper class) is a high quality second-tier travel class available on some commercial airlines and rail lines. Its level of accommodation is higher than economy class and domestic first class but lower than international first class. However, many airlines offer only business class as the highest level of international service.

Runway

A runway (also abbreviated to RWY) is a strip of land on an airport, on which aircraft can take off and land. Runways may be a man-made surface (often asphalt, concrete, or a mixture of both) or a natural surface (grass, dirt, or gravel).



Air traffic control

Air traffic control (ATC) is a service provided by ground-based controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and in the air. The main job of ATC is to "separate" aircraft to prevent crashes and to make sure aircraft are running on time and as fast as possible. In some countries, ATC may also play a security or defense role (as in the United States), or actually be run entirely by the military (as in Brazil). Air traffic control was first introduced at London's Croydon Airport in 1921. Archie League, who controlled aircraft using colored flags at what is today Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, is often considered the first air traffic controller.

Preventing crashes is done by what is called "separation". This means that the aircraft are kept apart by a minimum distance at all times. Modern aircraft also have collision avoidance systems that see nearby aircraft and warn pilots if other planes are too close. This system is a backup for when air traffic control is not available or if something goes wrong with ATC. Air traffic controllers also can provide information to pilots. But pilots do not have to follow commands of ATC. They can make changes in order to keep plane safe.

Air traffic control service is not provided in uncontrolled airspace. Uncontrolled airspace is usually between ground and 1000 feet except areas near airports. These areas are part of controlled airspace.



Federal Aviation Administration

The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is an agency of the United States Department of Transportation with authority to regulate and oversee all aspects of civil aviation in the U.S. The Federal Aviation Act of 1958 created the group under the name "Federal Aviation Agency", and adopted its current name in 1967 when it became a part of the United States Department of Transportation. The FAA is the single most influential government-run aviation agency in the world, with the European Aviation Safety Agency in a close second.
The FAA's roles include:


North American Aerospace Defense Command

North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) is a joint organization of Canada and the United States that provides aerospace warning and defense for North America. It was founded on May 12, 1958, as the North American Air Defense Command. Its main technical facility has been the Cheyenne Mountain Operations Center in Colorado, and for this reason NORAD is sometimes unofficially referred to as Cheyenne Mountain.

Lower Manhattan

Lower Manhattan (or downtown Manhattan) is the southernmost part of the island of Manhattan, the main island and center of business and government of the City of New York. Lower Manhattan or "downtown" is defined most commonly as the area delineated on the north by 14th Street, on the west by the Hudson River, on the east by the East River, and on the south by New York Harbor (also known as Upper New York Bay). 

When referring specifically to the lower Manhattan business district such as Wall Street and its immediate environs, the northern border is commonly designated by thoroughfares approximately a mile-and-a-half (3 km) south of 14th Street and a mile (2 km) north of the island's southern tip: Chambers Street from near the Hudson east to the Brooklyn Bridge entrances and overpass. Two other major arteries are also sometimes identified as lower Manhattan's northern border: Canal Street, half a mile north of Chambers Street, and 23rd Street, half a mile north of 14th Street.

Jules and Gedeon Naudet

Jules Clément Naudet (born Paris, France, April 26, 1973) and Thomas Gédéon Naudet (born Paris, France, March 27, 1970) are French directors, screenwriters and producers. The brothers, residents of the United States since 1989, were in New York City at the time of the September 11 attacks. Jules captured footage of the first plane flying into the North tower of the World Trade Center. Jules is married to Jacqueline Longa, with two children.

The brothers graduated from Tisch School of the Arts in 1995. Their first film, "Hope, Gloves and Redemption," (2000) on boxers in the Bronx, included coverage of the 1998 New York Daily News Golden Gloves tournament.

Flight recorder

A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft to help with investigating an aircraft accident or incident. For this reason, they have to be capable of surviving extremely rough treatment. They are usually built to withstand an impact of 3600 "g" and temperatures of over 1,000 °C (as required by EUROCAE ED-112), because a powerful impact followed by a very hot fire is what often happens in a plane crash. 

There are two types of protected Flight Recorder, Flight data recorder (FDR) and Cockpit voice recorder (CVR). In some cases, the two recorders may be combined in a single FDR/CVR unit. The first combined flight recorder was invented by Australian scientist, David Warren.

These recorders are often called "black boxes". They can be used in other vehicles including trains and cars. The car's recorder can monitor the speed of the car or the sharpness of turns. The train's recorder can be used to upgrade after a crash to reduce the chance of another crash. 

Flight number

A flight number, when combined with the name of the airline and the date, identifies a particular flight. This callsign should not be confused with the tail number of the aircraft, although both can be used as a call-sign as used in general aviation. A particular aircraft may fly several different flights in one day, and different aircraft may be used for the same flight number on successive days.

Sometimes when an airplane has an accident, the airline will retire the flight number and replace it with a new number.

Boeing 757

The Boeing 757 is a short to medium range narrow-body commercial passenger aircraft manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. It was launched by Eastern Air Lines and British Airways to replace the Boeing 727 and entered service in 1983. Production of the 757 ended on October 28, 2004 after 1,050 had been built. The final aircraft was delivered to Shanghai Airlines on November 28, 2005. As of July 2007, a total of 1,019 Boeing 757 aircraft were in airline service.

List of National Hockey League arenas

The following is a list of National Hockey League arenas including past, present, and future arenas:


The following are outdoor venues that have hosted any of the following events:

The following are neutral venues that have hosted games that counted in the NHL regular season standings:

DGamer

DGamer (Disney Gamer) is an online service made by Disney for use with Nintendo DS games. DGamer can be seen via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection or computer via Disney.com. The service is implemented by Disney Interactive.

It was started in North America on May 15, 2008, at the same time as the release of the DS-version of "The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian". All future Disney Interactive Studios games will include DGamer features.



Eastern Conference (NHL)

The Eastern Conference () is one of two conferences in the National Hockey League (NHL) used to divide teams. Its counterpart is the Western Conference.



Undrafted sportsperson

An undrafted sportsperson or undrafted free agent is a type of sportsperson who plays, or tries to play, in a professional sports league. Every eligible player who is not chosen in their league's draft is an undrafted sportsperson. 

"Note: These lists are not complete:"




John Vanbiesbrouck

John Vanbiesbrouck (born September 4, 1963 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American retired professional ice hockey goaltender, who was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 2007. He's played for the New York Rangers, Florida Panthers, Philadelphia Flyers, New York Islanders, and New Jersey Devils.


Pelle Lindbergh

Per-Erik "Pelle" Lindbergh (, May 24, 1959 – November 11, 1985) was a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who played parts of five seasons in the NHL for the Philadelphia Flyers.


The Philadelphia Flyers named an award, the Pelle Lindbergh Memorial, in his honor. Since 1993–94, it has been annually awarded to the most improved player on the team.

1980 - Played for Sweden in the XIII Olympic Winter Games


Wernher von Braun

Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun (23 March 1912–16 June 1977) was a German engineer and scientist. He worked as a rocket designer between the 1930s and 1970s. Some people say he was the most important rocket engineer of the 20th century. He worked for the Nazis during World War II. After World War II, he went to the United States. There, he worked for NASA. In 1955, ten years after entering the country, von Braun became a US citizen.

He was one of the developers of the V-2 rocket, the first rocket to fly up to outer space. He also developed the Saturn V rocket, which took people to the moon in 1969.

Von Braun was born in Wirsitz (today: "Wyrzysk") in Poland on 23 March 1912. His father was the General director of an important bank. During the Weimar Republic, his father was the minister for food and agriculture, Magnus Freiherr von Braun. Von Braun's mother was Emmy von Quistorp, the daughter of a member of the Prussian House of Lords.

In 1920, he moved to Berlin. During the first school years, von Braun attended a French secondary school in Berlin. At the age of 13, he got a telescope. This gift raised his interest in astronomy. Because of bad marks, von Braun had to attend a boarding school near Weimar, in 1925. He bought with his extra money the book "Die Rakete zu den Planetenräumen" ("English: The Rocket into Interplanetary Space") by Hermann Oberth, which is the basis of the modern rocket research. In 1928, he attended the boarding school called Hermann-Lietz-Internat on the German island Spiekeroog. In 1930, he passed his final exams.

He started studying at the Technical University of Berlin in summer of 1930. Von Braun also studied at ETH Zurich, in 1931. At the end of September 1931, he went back to Berlin.

In 1933 von Braun began working on rockets for the German Army. On 27 July 1934, he received a Ph.D. from the Technical University of Berlin. "Max" and "Moritz", two rockets developed by him, went as high as in December 1934. The tests were made in a small village in Kummersdorf, Germany. In 1936, von Braun and his team developed the next generation of rockets, the A-3. The test area in Kummersdorf was too small for this newly-developed rocket. Together with his team of about 90 people, he had to move to a bigger test area in Peenemünde.

In 1937, with the Nazis in power, he joined the S.S.. Von Braun worked in Peenemünde between 1937 and 1945. There, he started to develop a new rocket called A4 (Aggregat 4). After some tests, the rocket was renamed to V-2. The "V" is for the German word ""Vergeltung"", which means revenge. This was the first long range ballistic missile to be used in war. It was able to carry a one ton warhead up to 50 miles into the air, and travel hundreds of miles to a target. In 1943, Germany started a mass production of this rocket using thousands of concentration camp prisoners as factory workers. They fired thousands of these rockets at targets in Antwerp and Great Britain, especially London. More than 1700 V-2 rockets landed on Antwerp, killing more than 3,700 people. Von Braun and his team started to develop the new generations of these rockets, the V-9 and V-10, which were for targets in the US.

Von Braun and about 100 other scientists were brought to America in 1945 after they surrendered. They began to work for the United States Army at Fort Bliss, Texas, where they instructed American soldiers in launching captured V-2s. He became an American citizen in 1955. During the 1950s, von Braun tried to get support for an American space program. When the Soviet Union launched Sputnik, the United States finally started a space program. At first, the Navy was in charge, but their first Vanguard satellite was destroyed when the rocket blew up on the launch pad in December 1957. The satellite program was given to the army, and the more experienced von Braun was able to start work with the rest of his team. The Redstone rocket put a satellite into orbit on January 31, 1958.

In 1950 Von Braun started work at the Army's new Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama, which later became NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center. There, he and his team developed the Redstone missile, similar to the V-2. In 1959, Von Braun and other Germans were transferred to NASA along with all Army space activities. His final and most successful rocket was the Saturn V, which carried astronauts to the moon. However, after the Apollo 11 Moon landing in 1969, public support for the space program declined. In 1972, von Braun retired from NASA and went to work with Fairchild Industries, in Maryland.

In 1972, von Braun left NASA. He started to work in the private sector. He retired from work in January 1977 because he was sick. That year, he died at age 65 of colon cancer.

Von Braun's work was able to give humankind a wider view into the universe. His rockets continued to be made mostly as missiles. More of them were actually used for satellite launches, moon landings, and deep space exploration.

Pete Peeters

Peter H. Peeters (born 1 August, 1957 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender who was one of the NHL's most colourful characters in the 1980s.

Peeters was drafted 135th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft after playing for the Medicine Hat Tigers of the WCHL. Peeters played in 489 career NHL games, with a record of 246 wins, 155 losses and 51 ties. He also registered 21 shutouts and a 3.08 Goals Against Average. Peeters also played several years for the Washington Capitals.


National Football League Most Valuable Player Award

The National Football League Most Valuable Player Award is an award by different entities, most notably the Associated Press, to the player who is thought to be the most valuable player in the league.

The NFL awarded the Joe F. Carr Trophy (named for the league president, 1921-39) to the league's ABC from 1938 to 1946.
United Press International gave an NFL MVP Award from 1948 through 1969, excepting 1949-50, and 1952. Beginning in 1970 UPI awarded separate awards for the NFC and AFC. In 1975 UPI added a Defensive Player of the Year Award for both the NFC and AFC.
This award ran from 1955 through 1996 and was a poll of NFL players. The award winner is given with the Jim Thorpe Trophy (different from the collegiate football's Jim Thorpe Award). Beginning in 1997 the Jim Thorpe Trophy was given by the Jim Thorpe Association, with the winner determined by a "vote of NFLPA representatives".

List of NHL statistical leaders

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) statistical leaders through the end of the 2006–07 season. Statistics from the 2007–08 season will be included after that season is completed.

Most of these records are held by Canadian players, due to the traditional popularity of ice hockey in Canada. In the past, most NHL players were from Canada, and even today roughly half of all NHL players are born in Canada (52.0% in the 2007–08 season). To distinguish players of different nations, a flag is placed beside players born outside of Canada; the Canadian flag () will not be shown next to Canadian players in order to avoid clutter.

The statistics listed include the 2006–07 NHL season and the 2006–07 NHL playoffs Active skaters (as of September 2007) are listed in boldface.


"Career points-per-game average greater than/equal to 1.25 (as of September 2007) are listed in boldface."







The statistics listed include the 2006–07 NHL season and the 2006–07 NHL playoffs Active goalies (as of September 2007) are listed in boldface.



The statistics listed include the 2006–07 NHL season and the 2006–07 NHL playoffs Active coaches (as of September 2007) are listed in boldface.







Trent Green

Trent Jason Green (born July 9, 1970 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) is a retired American football quarterback that played for the San Diego Chargers, Washington Redskins, St. Louis Rams, Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins of the National Football League. He was first drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the eighth round of the 1993 NFL Draft. He played college football at Indiana.

Green has also played for has also played for the BC Lions, Washington Redskins, Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins. He earned a Super Bowl ring during his first stint with the Rams and was selected to two Pro Bowls with the Chiefs. He retired on June 12, 2009 and is currently serving as a color analyst on the regional NFL games for the Fox network and also as a studio analyst for the NFL Total Access show on the NFL Network.

In 1993, Green was drafted as the twenty-sixth pick in the eighth round and 222nd overall by the San Diego Chargers. He spent a year as a backup and saw no playing time. After being cut in 1994 by the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League, he joined the Washington Redskins. Outside of one pass thrown in 1997, he would not see NFL action until 1998, when he threw for 3,441 yards, 23 touchdowns, and 11 interceptions.

Green's breakout season came just in time, as he became an unrestricted free agent after the 1998 season. He rejected a 4-year, $12 million offer from the Redskins.

On February 15, 1999, Green agreed to a 4-year $17.5 million contract with the St. Louis Rams which included a $4.5 million signing bonus.
In 1999, Green was slated to be the starter for the Rams, but suffered a gruesome season-ending knee injury in a preseason game on a hit by Rodney Harrison of the Chargers. Unheralded backup Kurt Warner took over for Green, and led the Rams to a 13–3 season culminating in a dramatic 23–16 victory over the Tennessee Titans in Super Bowl XXXIV.

In 2000, Green began the season as the backup to Warner, the reigning NFL MVP. He started five games in the middle of the season while Warner was out with a broken hand. Green and Warner combined to lead the Rams to the then-highest team passing yards total in NFL history. With Warner back at quarterback, the Rams were upset in the wild card round by the New Orleans Saints. Green was traded during the offseason to the Kansas City Chiefs for the 12th overall pick in the 2001 NFL Draft.

During his first season in Kansas City, Green struggled despite the presence of tight end Tony Gonzalez, and running back Priest Holmes. He threw for 3,783 yards and 17 touchdowns, but also threw 24 interceptions. Green showed marked improvement in 2002, throwing 26 touchdowns to only 13 interceptions as the Chiefs went 8-8. Also notable, Green tied the record for longest career pass play in NFL history (99 yards) on December 22, 2002, on a pass to Marc Boerigter in a game against the San Diego Chargers. In 2003, Green had his breakout year, throwing for 4,039 yards, 24 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions. He led the Chiefs to a 13–3 record and a first-round bye in the playoffs. However, in the divisional playoff game, they lost a 38–31 shootout to Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts. The game was notable for there being no punts by either team, a first in NFL playoff history. Green was elected to his first Pro Bowl that year. The next season, the Chiefs went 7–9 as Priest Holmes suffered a knee injury in their eighth game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Tampa, Florida and missed the rest of the regular season. At the time, he was leading the league in both rushing and scoring. However, Green still had a stellar year, passing for 4,591 yards, 27 touchdowns, and 17 interceptions. His passing total for 2004 was second only to Minnesota's Daunte Culpepper.

In 2005, the Chiefs, with an improved defense, improved their record to 10–6, but failed to make the playoffs. Green had another strong season in 2005, throwing for 4,010 yards (second only to New England's Tom Brady), and throwing just 10 interceptions, his lowest season total ever. Green was elected to his second Pro Bowl following the season. Green has the distinction of having four consecutive seasons with a QB rating of 90.0 or better, three of those with over 4,000 passing yards. Green has started 80 consecutive games during his first five years with the Chiefs, a team record.

Green's 2006 season was put in jeopardy by a severe concussion he suffered during on September 10, 2006, against the Cincinnati Bengals in Kansas City. Green attempted to slide during a third-quarter play, but was hit hard by Cincinnati defensive end Robert Geathers, who had lowered his shoulders, but instead struck the quarterback in an unusual position. However, the official determined that no foul had been committed and Geathers insisted that he had tried to check up, but was pushed by Chiefs receiver Eddie Kennison. CBS announcer Randy Cross, a former offensive lineman with the San Francisco 49ers, believed the hit was unintentional and supported the officials' decision. National Football League officials took the same position and, on September 13, 2006, declined to fine Robert Geathers because he did not have complete control of his body. Green was rendered unconscious and the game was delayed for over fifteen minutes while he received medical attention. He reportedly regained consciousness in the tunnel and could not recall the play. According to Chiefs general manager Carl Peterson, preliminary doctor's visits revealed a "very, very severe concussion" and stated that Green would be out indefinitely.

On Saturday, October 21, 2006, it was reported that Green was cleared by doctors to return to practice. Chiefs president and general manager Carl Peterson said that this does not mean that he is cleared to play. Peterson confirmed that Green's return to practice would be in a controlled environment to see how far along he is in his recovery from a "very, very severe concussion."

On November 15, 2006, Kansas City Chiefs head coach, Herman Edwards announced that Green would take back his starting quarterback job from Damon Huard who took over when Green suffered a concussion.

Green's career in Kansas City ended with another playoff loss against Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts in the Wild-Card round of the 2006 NFL Playoffs.

On February 27, 2007, Damon Huard was re-signed by the Chiefs for $7.5 million over 3 years, causing a "quarterback controversy" in Kansas City. Green initially was asked to take a pay cut in his 2007 salary, and had been granted permission to seek a trade to another team. Teams interested included the Miami Dolphins (who offered a seventh-round draft pick to the Chiefs, but the Chiefs declined, instead seeking a fifth-round pick), the Detroit Lions, and Cleveland Browns were also interested in Green prior to the 2007 NFL Draft. Green was not traded on draft weekend as previously expected. Green said he would not return to Kansas City, therefore making his release possible. Green had told the Chiefs that Miami was his preference being that he previously worked under both head coach Cam Cameron and quarterbacks coach Terry Shea.

On June 5, 2007, the Chiefs agreed to trade Green to the Miami Dolphins for a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2008 NFL Draft, pending a physical from Green which was subsequently passed. Green was introduced at a news conference in Miami on June 6. The draft pick would have become a fourth-round pick if Green played more than 70 percent of Miami's offensive plays. On August 20 the Dolphins named Green the starter with Cleo Lemon named as his backup, despite the fact that neither of them had thrown a touchdown pass to that point in pre-season play. Second-round pick John Beck was named third string.

Green's position with his new team—as well as his career—was instantly put in jeopardy on October 7 as he suffered another severe concussion early in a game against the Texans at Houston. With just under 4 minutes to play in the first quarter, Green put his shoulder low to the knees of 315-pound Houston defensive tackle Travis Johnson in a successful attempt to block him on a play that started with a fumbled handoff to Dolphins rookie wide receiver Ted Ginn Jr.. Ginn, who was running right-to-left across the backfield when the exchange was fumbled, recovered the ball near the sidelines and then reversed field. Johnson went down in a sprawling tumble on the block at the same time Green fell face-down to the turf, knocked out cold after striking Johnson's knee with his helmet. Johnson, upon getting up and seeing Ginn had been stopped and the play ended, immediately walked towards Green's body, jabbing his finger at the motionless quarterback. Johnson was flagged with a 15-yard penalty for taunting, and medical personnel quickly made their way to Green. After being examined on the field for nearly five minutes, Green was carted off on a stretcher as Cleo Lemon stepped in to take his place.

After the game an angry Travis Johnson had harsh words for Green, comparing him to "the scarecrow [who] wants to get courage" and calling the block "malicious." Texans head coach Gary Kubiak, while in some ways siding with Johnson in saying that NFL officials should review the rules on "chop" blocks, also called Johnson's reaction over a fallen player "inexcusable."

While many fans and sportswriters alike called for Green to retire, Green was back with the team in practice, albeit in street clothes, the Friday after the injury after returning from Kansas City where he was evaluated by the same medical team that made the diagnosis in 2006. Coach Cam Cameron had initially expressed his plans for Green to return to the game before the end of the 2007 season. However, on October 20, 2007, the Dolphins announced that Green would be placed on injured reserve, and made Cleo Lemon their starting quarterback. Following the season, Green became one of nine players released by the Dolphins on February 11, 2008.

On March 10, 2008, Green agreed to a three-year deal worth about $9 million with the St. Louis Rams, rejoining the team he played for in 1999 and 2000. On September 23, 2008, Green was named the starter for week 4 versus the Buffalo Bills. He completed 17 of 32 passes for 236 yards with one interception and a quarterback rating of 64.1. On November 9, 2008, against the Jets, Green took over for Marc Bulger after Bulger was shut out by the Jets in the first half. The Rams released Green on February 25, 2009.

Green retired from professional football on June 12, 2009, citing a desire to pursue a career in broadcasting. Green's agent, Jim Steiner, said "He had a long, prosperous, very successful career. He believes he can still play, but the demand isn't real high out there right now and he's not the type of guy who is going to sit around for four or five months waiting for the phone to ring."

In the 2009 NFL season, Green started doing work as a color analyst on regional NFL games for the Fox network for one season, as well as a studio analyst for the "NFL Total Access" show on the NFL Network. He also worked with Ian Eagle calling "Thursday Night Football" games on Westwood One radio and with Paul Burmeister on Kansas City Chiefs preseason broadcasts. In April 2014, Green was hired by CBS as an NFL analyst alongside Greg Gumbel, and later with Kevin Harlan.

In July 2012, Green was named the forty-first greatest quarterback of the NFL's post-merger era, according to Football Nation.

On November 22, 2016, Green was named the Big Ten's Dungy-Thompson Humanitarian Award winner.

Green has 2 sons and a daughter. One son, Trent Jr. (T.J.), is a quarterback for Northwestern. His other son Derek, is a quarterback at SMU.


Toy Story 3

Toy Story 3 (also known as Toy Story 3: The Great Escape) is a 2010 American 3-D computer-animated movie. It was released by Pixar Animation Studios on June 18, 2010. It is a sequel to "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 2". In 2019, a sequel titled Toy Story 4 was released.

A 17-year old Andy is packing for college and his toys, who have not been played with in a long time, feel forgotten and abandoned. Andy decides to take Woody with him to college and intends to store the other toys in the attic. A misunderstanding with Andy's slightly aged mother results in the other toys being thrown away, making them think they are no longer wanted; they escape and decide to climb in a box to be donated to a daycare center called Sunnyside, along with Woody.

Andy's toys are welcomed by the numerous toys at Sunnyside, and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by Lots-o'-Huggin' Bear (aka "Lotso"), Lotso's chief enforcer Big Baby, and the smooth-talking Ken, the last of which Barbie falls in love with. All of the toys are quickly enamored with their new home, leaving Woody to try to return to Andy on his own. However, Woody is picked up outside the school by a little girl named Bonnie Anderson. She takes him home and plays with him along with her other toys, who are well treated, happy, and readily welcome Woody. Woody is elated until he hears about Lotso from Chuckles the Clown. Lotso, along with Big Baby and Chuckles, were once accidentally lost by their original owner, Daisy. The three found their way back to their owner's home. However, Lotso saw that he had been replaced. Even though Chuckles realized the truth, an embittered Lotso convinced Big Baby that they were abandoned. They used Big Baby's size to help him take control of the toys at Sunnyside in the fashion of organized crime. Worried for his friends, Woody hurries back to the daycare and finds that they have been put on task to be played with the rambunctious, toy-abusing youngest toddlers. They are also kept under guard at night by Buzz who Lotso has reverted to a demonstration state to destroy his memories, restoring his original "Space Ranger" persona and allying with him.

Woody rejoins his friends and they work out an escape plan involving the garbage dumpster. In the process, Buzz is accidentally reset into a Spanish-speaking mode during an attempt to restore him to normal. The toys reach the dumpster, but are headed off by Lotso and his evil henchmen. As a garbage truck approaches, Woody explains to Big Baby that Lotso has lied to him and that his owner still loved him, whereupon Big Baby, Ken and the other Sunnyside toys turn on Lotso and push him into the dumpster. However, Lotso manages to pull Woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the dumpster. Woody's friends board the truck to rescue him, during which Buzz is hit by a falling television while saving Jessie, finally returning to his old self. The toys find themselves at the local landfill. They are soon pulled onto a conveyor belt leading to an incinerator. They help Lotso to reach an emergency stop button. Instead, he escapes and leaves them to be burned. Believing they are at their final moments, the toys join hands. They are rescued just in time by the squeeze toy aliens using a giant crane. The toys return to Andy's home, while Lotso is found by a garbage truck driver and is tied to its front grille as a decoration.

At Andy's house, Woody climbs back into the box with Andy's college supplies while the other toys resign themselves to the attic. Woody has a last minute inspiration. He leaves a note to Andy on the toys' box. Andy, mistaking it for a note from his mom, takes the box to Bonnie's home, introduces his old toys to Bonnie and gives her the toys to play with. In the end, Bonnie recognizes Woody, laying at the bottom of the box, to Andy's surprise. Andy is initially reluctant to give him to her. He eventually does so and then spends some time playing with her before he departs. Woody watches Andy's car while it disappears into the distance and quietly says a last "so long, partner." Woody and the other toys find themselves wanted and played with again. They learn through notes passed in Bonnie's backpack that Barbie, Ken, and Big Baby have turned around the life of all the toys at Sunnyside for the better.



Walt Disney Studios

The name Walt Disney Studios could mean:


Cars (movie)

Cars is a 2006 movie made by Pixar. In it, cars are living beings and there are no humans. The movie is about Lightning McQueen, a racecar who is on his way to California where he is scheduled to race for the Piston Cup. He gets lost on his way and finds himself in Radiator Springs, a fictional town on Route 66. There, he makes new friends who help him get to his Piston Cup race.

"Cars" follows Lightning McQueen, a hotshot race car, stranded in Radiator Springs, a forgotten town along Route 66. To leave, he must fix the town's road, but along the way, he discovers the value of friendship and community. The film explores themes of humility, slowing down, and finding joy in the journey rather than just the destination.

A sequel, "Cars 2", was released on June 24, 2011. A second sequel, "Cars 3", was released on June 16, 2017. Both sequels were also made by Pixar.

A spin-off movie, "Planes," was released on August 9, 2013. Its sequel "" was released on July 18, 2014. The "Planes" movies were made by DisneyToon Studios and not by Pixar. A third film was planned, but was cancelled due to the closure of DisneyToon Studios in June 2018.

There has also been a spin-off television program on the "Disney Channel" called "". 

In the additional voices part, Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, John Ratzenberger, Billy Crystal, John Goodman and Dave Foley reprise their roles from previous Pixar movies. In fact, there's a scene during the credits where Mack watches car-versions of earlier Pixar hits, commenting on the fine actor in each scene before realizing it's the same actor playing different characters in each movie.
Additional voices were also provided by:
Jack Angel, Michael Bell, Bob Bergen, Susan Blu, Rodger Bumpass, Torbin Xan Bullock, John Cygan, Jennifer Darling, Paul Eiding, Bill Farmer, Teresa Ganzel, Craig Good, Jess Harnell, Erik Langley, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mickie T. McGowan, Laraine Newman, Teddy Newton, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, Jan Rabson, Stephen Schaffer, Ken Schretzmann, Bob Scott, Jay Ward and Jim Ward also provided additional voices.


A Bug's Life

A Bug's Life is a 1998 movie made by Pixar. It follows the conflict between ants and grasshoppers in the world of insects. It is a retelling of a fable by Aesop, "The Ant and the Grasshopper".


This released on VHS and DVD on November 13, 2001.

"A Bug's Life" was first considered in 1988, as a short movie to be based on Aesop's fable, but it was delayed by "Toy Story". Almost a year after its release, Disney made an agreement with Pixar to make movies together. John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, Pete Doctor, and Joe Ranft brought up the project idea, "A Bug's Life" in late 1994. The ideas for "Monsters, Inc.", "Finding Nemo" and "WALL-E" were also brought up and the three decided to have the grasshoppers demand food instead of begging for it, as it is in the fable. Akira Kurosawa's "Seven Samurai" helped influence the project. A basic story treatment was completed in 1995, and production began soon after. The movie had many technical challenges. One of the biggest technical triumphs was the simulation of crowds of ants. It would be impossible for an animator to animate every single ant in a crowd of thousands. So the technical supervisors came up with a computer program that would make every single ant in the crowd different in small ways; for example, different eye color, skin color, weight, or height. They would also build several ants that could be animated. When randomly distributed through the crowds, these ants appear to be blinking, talking, or looking in different directions.

! scope="row" | 1999
! scope="row" | 2000
! scope="row" | 1999
! scope="row" | 1999
! scope="row" | 1999
! scope="row" | 1999
! scope="row" | 1999
! scope="row" | 1998
! scope="row" | 1998
! scope="row" | 1999
! scope="row" | 1999

! scope="row" | 1998
! scope="row" | 1999


No Country for Old Men (movie)

No Country for Old Men is a 2007 movie made by the Coen Brothers. It won "Best Picture", "Best Director", and "Best Adapted Screenplay" at the 2007 Academy Awards.


Council for Christian Colleges and Universities

This is a list of colleges and universities in the Council for Christian Colleges and Universities:


Oak Ridge Associated Universities

Oak Ridge Associated Universities (ORAU) is a group of colleges and universities which work with the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. ORAU manages the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE) for the United States Department of Energy. ORAU is made up of the following :





Indiana University Bloomington

Indiana University Bloomington is a public university in Bloomington, Indiana. It is the largest university in a group also called "Indiana University."

Afonso Pena International Airport

The Afonso Pena International Airport is a Brazilian airport. It is the most important airport in the southern region of the country. It is Curitiba's major airport. The airport is located 18 kilometres southeast from the downtown, in the city of São José dos Pinhais. The airport includes a small museum, a playcenter and a small shopping center with 60 stores inside the main terminal.

Federal University of Paraná

The Universidade Federal do Paraná - UFPR ("Federal University of Paraná") is the oldest Brazilian university. It is located in the Southern Brazilian state of Paraná. The university was created on December 19, 1912. Its facilities are scattered over the capital Curitiba and other cities of the state.

Twelfth grade

Twelfth grade (called Grade 12 in some places, also known as senior year in the United States and Australia) is the last year of secondary education in the United States, as well as many other nations. Students are usually 17 when they start and are 18 years old at the end.

Depth chart

In sports, a depth chart is a chart used to show the lineup of the starting players and the secondary players. Most often a starting player will be listed first or on top, while a back-up player will be listed below.

Stepfamily

A stepfamily is a family that gets a parent through a new marriage, whether the parent was widowed or divorced, or had not married his child's other parent. For example, if a girl's mother dies and her father marries another woman, the woman is her stepmother. 


Breeches

Breeches (pronounced or ) is a type of clothing that males wear that covers the body from the waist down, with different coverings for each leg, usually stopping just below the knee, though sometimes reaching to the ankles. The breeching of a young boy, at an age somewhere between six and eight, was a completion in his childhood. 


Waist

The waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips that humans have.


Aircraft registration

An aircraft registration is a unique alphanumeric string that identifies an aircraft, in similar fashion to a licence plate on an automobile. In accordance with the Convention on International Civil Aviation all aircraft must be registered with a national authority (such as the Federal Aviation Administration or Transport Canada), and furthermore, they must carry proof of this registration in the form of a legal document called a Certificate of Registration at all times when in operation. Most countries also require the aircraft registration to be imprinted on a permanent fireproof plate mounted on the fuselage for the purposes of post-fire/post-crash aircraft accident investigation.

List of medical abbreviations

Medical abbreviations are a shorthand way of writing and talking by medical professionals (people who work to help sick people) to hurry explanation of diseases (sickness), patients, or medicines (drugs).

This shorthand can include shortening (making less lengthy) of longer disease names, by cutting the word down to its base (the Latin or Greek part that makes it). Medical professionals also create (make) words that mean something. An example of this is "stat", used to indicate (show) that something needs to be hurried (done faster). It is from the Latin "base word" statim, meaning quick. A very commonly (often) used shorthand is shortening things on order forms for patients. An example is, "pre-op" meaning |pre-operation| (patient who is being prepared for surgery). These can be very complicated and extensive (meaning there is a lot of them).

Despite the fact that this shorthand might make it difficult for new Interns (new doctors) or recently trained nurses to get used to this unofficial language, it has been shown to improve (make better) the speed of treatment in hospitals.

Medical authorities in the United Kingdom and elsewhere have questioned the use of medical shorthand; believing that it can lead to mistakes being made due to less clear communication and have advised doctors to avoid its use.

Medications can be given in different ways (routes). Abbreviations for the most common routes are:

Doctors use many different abbreviations to say when to take a medication. It is helpful to remember that doctors use the letter "q" to stand for "every. For example, "qAM" stands for "every AM" (morning).

Here are some of the most common:

Some drugs and medications have common abbreviations. Here are some examples:

Common abbreviations that have to do with the human body include:

There are many different kinds of medical specialties. These are kinds of doctors that treat people with certain kinds of problems. Abbreviations for medical specialties include:

Many health problems have common abbreviations. For example:

Common abbreviations for infections include:

Common abbreviations for mental health problems include:

Doctors often talk about common medical tests and treatments by using abbreviations. Examples of these abbreviations include:

Other abbreviations used in medicine include:

Paternoster

A Paternoster is a type of elevator. Its design is different from that of other elevators. It has several cabins that constantly move up and down. They are linked on a chain. People can stop on or off at any floor they like.

Paternosters have advantages and disadvantages. As an advantage, it is always possible to take them in either direction. Since the elevator moves at a slow speed, it is slower than a modern elevator. It takes longer to get to distant floors. Also, using a paternoaster takes some training. Paternosters are nearly impossible to use for disabled people.

Maremma

Maremma is an area in Italy, consisting of part of southern Tuscany and some part of northern Lazio.

Hurtova Lhota

Hurtova Lhota is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 224 people live there. It covers . Hurtova Lhota was first documented in 1436.

Nová Ves u Světlé

Nová Ves u Světlé is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 467 people live there. It covers 7,58 km². Nová Ves u Světlé was first documented in 1378.

Hamilton Academical F.C.

Hamilton Academical is a football team from Hamilton, Lanarkshire in Scotland. They were first set up in 1874 from Hamilton Academy. More commonly known as "Hamilton Accies" the team won promotion from SFL Division 2 to SFL Division 1 in the 2003-04 season. This was followed up by promotion to the Scottish Premier League in the 2007-08 season. The club have played at New Douglas Park from 2001, having previously played at Douglas Park.

Worf

Worf is a "" and "" character. He is played by Michael Dorn. He serves on the starship Enterprise as Lieutenant Junior Grade. Worf is the first Klingon main character to appear in Star Trek, and has appeared in more Star Trek episodes than any other character.

Worf is the son of Mogh. When Worf was a child, his parents and family were killed by the Romulan attack on the Khitomer outpost. Worf, his nanny Kahlest, and his brother Kurn survived the attack. Worf was then adopted by a human couple, Sergey and Helena Rozhenko while his brother was raised in the Klingon homeworld; this was not revealed until they were both adults. Although Worf never took the Rozhenko's last name, for he preferred to be addressed as "Worf, son of Mogh". It was during his time on gault that the 13-year-old Worf, captain of his school's soccer team accidentally killed another boy during a championship by throwing himself at him as the two children ran after the ball which flew in the air. This was something Worf would never forget.

Azmi Bishara

Azmi Bishara (, , born July 22, 1956), is an Arab Israeli politician. He is a Palestinian and an Israeli citizen. Bishara was a member of the Israeli Knesset (MK) as a member of the Balad party from 1996 to April 2007. He is also the leader of that political party.

His resignation happened during news that the Israeli security services said he had committed many crimes. The news at that time did not say what the crimes were. It was later said that the crimes were treason and espionage. Because he resigned, Bishara lost his parliamentary immunity. He was not in Israel when this happened and chose not to go back to Israel at that time. He has said that he does want to return.

Bishara was born in Nazareth. He created the first National Committee of Arab High School Students. In 1974, he was in charge of that group. In 1976, he helped create the Committee for the Defense of Arab Lands and the first National Arab Student Union.

In the 1970s, Bishara studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was the head of the Arab Student Union and was active in the Jewish-Arab student group Campus. At the time, Bishara was a member of the Israeli Communist party Rakah (now part of Hadash), and supported an Internationalist-Marxist political agenda.

Upon finishing his Ph.D in philosophy at Humboldt University of Berlin in 1986, he joined the faculty of Bir Zeit University. He was in charge of the Philosophy and Cultural Studies Department for two years, from 1994 to 1996. He has also worked as a senior researcher at the Van Leer Institute in Jerusalem.

Bishara was a Knesset member from the fourteenth Knesset (first seating June 17 1996) until April 22, 2007. He was the most important member of his political party, the National Democratic Assembly (NDA-Balad) in the Knesset during this time.

Bishara was the first Arab citizen of Israel to try to become Prime Minister. He tried to become Prime Minister in the 1999 election, but stopped two days before election day.

The Central Elections Committee (CEC) said that MKs Ahmad Tibi and Azmi Bishara, as well as Bishara's party, Balad, could not be elected for the 16th Knesset in 2003. Attorney General Elyakim Rubinstein agreed with this and had also tried to stop them from being allowed to be elected. The CEC said that they believed that Bishara and Balad wanted "to destroy the Jewish character of the state and supported the armed struggle against it". The Israeli Supreme Court said this was wrong and that they could be elected.

Bishara went to Syria in 2001. He gave a speech at a memorial ceremony for Syrian President Hafez al-Assad where he showed support for Hezbollah. When he got back to Israel, the government said that he was guilty of trying to cause violence and supporting a terrorist organization, as defined by Israel's Prevention of Terror Ordinance.
Bishara went back to Syria in September 2006. While he was there, he said that Israel might attack Syria in more than one place to try to fix problems in Israel and show other countries that it would not be a good idea to attack it. He also went to Lebanon. He told the Lebanese prime minister that Hizbullah fighting against Israel has "lifted the spirit of the Arab people". Soon after this, Interior Minister Roni Bar-On asked Attorney General Menachem Mazuz see if Balad MKs Azmi Bashara, Jamal Zahalka and Wassel Taha were guilty of any crimes because of their visit to Syria. He did this because after Bashara's visit to Syria in 2001, the Knesset made a law that said that MKs could not go to any enemy countries.

On April 22, 2007, Bishara resigned from the Knesset at the Israeli Embassy in Cairo, Egypt. He did this after a police investigation of foreign people he knew and talk with. It was also said that he helped the enemy during wartime, gave information on to the enemy and laundered money he got from foreign sources. It was said that he might stay out of Israel because he did not want to go to jail and because it would end his political career." He also said that he believed he would not get a fair trial.

Court documents say that Bishara was questioned two times about the case. During the second time, he said that he was going to leave Israel for a couple of days. He said he would attend a third questioning session when he got back to Israel.
Bishara talked to a group of supporters in Nazareth using a telephone in April 2007. He told the thousands of supporters that, "My guilt is that I love my homeland... our intellect and our words are our weapons. Never in my life did I draw a gun or kill anyone."

Bishara was awarded the “Ibn Rushd 'Averroes' Prize for Freedom of Thought” for the year 2002 in Berlin, and the Global Exchange Human Rights Award for the year 2003 in San Francisco.


Peterhead F.C.

Peterhead Football Club is a professional football club from Peterhead, Scotland. Peterhead FC is currently playing in the Scottish Second Division.

1983–84 NHL season

The 1983–84 NHL season was the 67th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The Edmonton Oilers beat the four-time defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders four games to one in the Cup finals.

"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

Edmonton wins series 4–1 and Stanley Cup

Mark Messier (Edmonton) wins Conn Smythe Trophy

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1983–84 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1983–84 (listed with their last team):


Northeast Division (NHL)

The NHL's Northeast Division was formed in 1993 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league adjustment, the predecessor of which was the Adams Division. Although none of its members have won the Stanley Cup since the adjustment, its members account for a combined 42 Stanley Cup championships (24 by Montreal, 13 by Toronto, and 5 by Boston), which is the most championships of any division in the NHL.









The Northeast Division was dissolved as the league realigned into two conferences with two divisions each. All five teams were moved into the new Atlantic Division.






Northwest Division (NHL)

The NHL's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion.





The Northwest Division was dissolved as the league realigned into two conferences with two divisions each. The division's Canadian teams (the Calgary Flames, Edmonton Oilers, and Vancouver Canucks) were moved back to the Pacific Division, while the division's American teams (the Colorado Avalanche and Minnesota Wild) joined the Central Division.







Pacific Division (NHL)

The National Hockey League's Pacific Division is one of two divisions that make up the Western Conference. It was formed in 1993 as part of league realignment. The Pacific Division is the surviving successor of the Smythe Division; the now-defunct Northwest Division was the other successor. Of Pacific Division teams that existed in 1993, only the Anaheim Ducks never played in the Smythe Division (the Arizona Coyotes played in the Smythe when they were the original Winnipeg Jets).

The Pacific Division is centered around the Southwestern United States and Western Canada, with three teams based in California, two in Alberta, and one each in Arizona, British Columbia, and Nevada.

The San Jose Sharks have the most Pacific Division titles, with six. Five Stanley Cup winners have come from the Pacific Division: the Stars in 1999, the Colorado Avalanche in 1996, the Anaheim Ducks in 2007, and the Los Angeles Kings in 2012 and 2014.














Changes from 2021-22 season





"Teams in bold are currently in the division."


Atlantic Division (NHL)

The NHL's Atlantic Division was formed in 1993 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the Patrick Division. It was changed in 2013 with the league's realignment. 












Teams in bold are currently in the division.


Central Division (NHL)

The NHL's Central Division was formed in 1993 as part of the Western Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the Norris Division. It is the only division with 7 teams, the other 3 in the league having 8.















Teams in bold are currently in the division.


Southeast Division (NHL)

The NHL's Southeast Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Eastern Conference due to expansion. 



The Carolina Hurricanes relocate to Raleigh, North Carolina





The NHL dissolved the Southeast Division as the league realigned into two conferences with two divisions each. The Winnipeg Jets moved to the Western Conference and the Central Division. The Florida Panthers and Tampa Bay Lightning were placed into the new Atlantic Division. The Carolina Hurricanes and Washington Capitals were placed in the newly formed Metropolitan Division.






List of members of the Hockey Hall of Fame

This is a list of members of the Hockey Hall of Fame. The Hockey Hall of Fame was established in 1943 and located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is a hall of fame and museum dedicated to the history of ice hockey. Originally, there were two categories for induction, players and builders, and in 1961, a third category for on-ice officials was introduced. In 1988, a "veteran player category" was established in order to "provide a vehicle for players who may have been overlooked and whose chances for election would be limited when placed on the same ballot with contemporary players." Eleven players were added into the category, but in 2000 the board of directors eliminated it and those inductees are now considered to be in the player category.

As of 2017, there are 271 players, 105 builders and 16 on-ice officials in the Hall of Fame. Eleven of the honourees have been added after their death.

The Player category has been in existence since the beginning of the Hall of Fame and the first players were added in 1945. Since then, 238 players have been added. For a person to be added to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a player, they must have been retired for a minimum of three years and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee. The waiting period was waived for ten players deemed exceptionally notable: Dit Clapper (1947), Maurice Richard (1961), Ted Lindsay (1966), Red Kelly (1969), Terry Sawchuk (1971), Jean Beliveau (1972), Gordie Howe (1972), Bobby Orr (1979), Mario Lemieux (1997) and Wayne Gretzky (1999). Following Wayne Gretzky's retirement, it was announced that the waiting period would no longer be waived for any player except under "certain humanitarian circumstances".

As of 2007, a maximum of four players can be added in one year but the greatest number of players ever added in a year was 27, in 1962. They were added because the Hall of Fame was trying to induct many pre-NHL era players. 218 of the player inductees are Canadian-born, while only 10 European-born players have been added. The NHL team with the most player inductees is the Toronto Maple Leafs, with 55. Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been added.

In 1988, a "veteran player category" was established in order to "provide a vehicle for players who may have been overlooked and whose chances for election would be limited when placed on the same ballot with contemporary players." Eleven players were added into the category, but in 2000, the board of directors removed it, and now those inductees are considered to be in the player category.

A. Player was inducted into the Veteran Player category. In 2000, it was merged with the Player category.

Source: 1945–2003: "Honoured Members: Hockey Hall of Fame" and newspapers.

The Builder category has been in existence since the beginning of the Hall of Fame and the first builders were added in 1945. A Builder is a person who has contributed to the development of the game of hockey, and as the name refers, one who has built the game forward. Since then, 96 builders have been added. For a person to be added to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder, they may be "active or inactive" and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee. As of 2007, a maximum of two builders can be added in one year.
On March 30, 1993, it was announced that Gil Stein, who at the time was the president of the National Hockey League, had been added into the Hall of Fame. There were immediate allegations that he had engineered his election through manipulation of the hall's board of directors and by telling them to change the rules for selection. Two lawyers, hired by the league to lead an investigation, recommended that Stein's selection be overturned, although it was soon revealed that Stein had previously decided to turn down the induction.

In 1989, Alan Eagleson was added as a builder, but he would resign from the Hall in 1998 after pleading guilty of mail fraud and embezzling hundreds of thousands of dollars. His resignation came shortly before a vote was held to expel him.

The On-ice official category has been in existence since 1961 and since then fourteen have been added. For an official to be added to the Hockey Hall of Fame, they must be retired for a minimum of three years and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee. As of 2007, a maximum of one on-ice official can be added in one year.

The Magic Roundabout (movie)

The Magic Roundabout (released in France as Pollux, le manège enchanté and in North America with a shortened form, Doogal) is an British-French animated movie based on the television series of the same name. The movie was released on February 11, 2005 in the United Kingdom and France, and on February 24, 2006 in North America. The story is about a dog named Dougal (Doogal in North America) who has to save his best friend, Florence, as well as the whole world, from being frozen by an evil spring named ZeeBad.

A shaggy, candy-loving dog named Dougal (Doogal in North America) along with a group of friends go on a dangerous journey in an effort to stop their enemy—the evil ice sorcerer ZeeBad. As the world is placed in danger ZeeBad wants to turn the world to ice. Dougal and his friends must recover three diamonds that are needed to stop him.




Female ejaculation

Female ejaculation, also known as gushing or squirting, happens when a woman has an orgasm and clear fluid comes out of her. Scientists are not sure how the fluid is produced, but think it is produced by the Skene's glands (also called the paraurethral glands or female prostate). Female ejaculation was mentioned in ancient times by the Greek philosopher Aristotle (384–322 B.C.), and by doctors and people who study anatomy. However, in much of the 20th century there were people who did not believe that female ejaculation existed, and it was not studied in detail. More people found out about the matter after a book called "The G Spot" came out in 1982 and became popular. After that, more research was done on female ejaculation.

The theory advanced by these authors has been dismissed by many other authors, such as physiologist Joseph Bohlen, for not being based on rigorous scientific procedures, and psychiatrist Helen Singer Kaplan (1983).

Masters and Johnson rejected it in 1982. Some radical feminist writers, such as Sheila Jeffreys (1985) were also dismissive, claiming it as a figment of male fantasy:

SummerSlam

SummerSlam is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event held in August by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The event is often called "The Biggest Party of the Summer." Along with WrestleMania, Royal Rumble and Survivor Series, SummerSlam is one of the "Big Four" pay-per-views and was one of the original four yearly WWE pay-per-views.

WWE released a complete DVD box set with the title "SummerSlam: The Complete Anthology", which includes all the SummerSlam events, on August 5 2008.


Suina

The suborder Suina (also known Suiformes) contains perhaps the earliest and most archaic even-toed ungulates.
This suborden Suina includes family Suidae (pigs, hogs) and the family Tayassuidae (peccaries). Older morphogical studies also identified family Hippopotamidae (hippos) among the Suina.


Ruminantia

The biological suborder Ruminantia this majority of the Artiodactyla including sheep, goats, camels, and other forms which have a complex stomach and ruminate their food.



White Oleander (movie)

White Oleander is a 2002 American drama movie set in California. It stars Alison Lohman, Michelle Pfeiffer, Robin Wright Penn and Renee Zellweger. It was directed by Peter Kosminsky and is based on the novel of the same name.

Ingrid (Pfeiffer) is a photographer who falls in love with a man named Barry Kolker (Billy Connolly). However he is not loyal to her and has sex with other women. Ingrid kills him. She goes to jail and is later found guilty for killing him and goes to prison for a long time. Her daughter, Astrid Magnussen (Lohman), is taken to a series of foster homes.

Her first foster home is with a woman named Starr Thomas (Penn), who has two children, a teenager named Carolee and a young boy named David. During this home, she falls in love with Starr's husband. During a fight, Carolee runs away from home. An angry Starr shoots Astrid in the arm after an argument with her husband.

For a brief time, she is put in a place called "Mac," which houses hundreds of children. During this time, she gets into a fight with a bunch of other girls. She cuts her hair off and threatens the other girls, saying that she will slit their throats in their sleep if they attack her again.

Her second foster home is with a woman named Claire Richards (Zellweger). She is very lonely since her husband Mark (Noah Wyle) is often away on business trips. Astrid likes her a lot and how she always is nice and happy towards her. When Claire and Astrid visit Ingrid, however, Ingrid tells Claire that Mark is cheating on her. Astrid warns her mother not to destroy this home, but Ingrid smiles and says that she would rather have her at the worst foster home ever over Claire. Afterwards, Claire fights with Mark and later kills herself by swallowing a lot of pills at once.

Astrid is put in another home. She is very upset and thinks that her mom caused Claire to kill herself. She chooses a home with a Russian mother named Rena, knowing that Rena will not love her like Claire did because she does not want to see this happen again. This new mother has her sell her nice clothes. Astrid dyes her own hair and starts wearing black clothing. When Ingrid meets Astrid again, she is shocked at how Astrid has turned herself.

During this time, there is a movement to free Ingrid. They believe the original decision of "guilty" of killing Barry was wrong and want a new trial. If Astrid lies and agrees to Ingrid's version of the story, Ingrid will be likely be freed. But if she tells the truth, Ingrid will be put in jail again. Astrid uses this new power to force Ingrid to tell her about her father. Ingrid is then put on trial, but Ingrid tells her lawyer not to call Astrid to the stand. Ingrid is found guilty again and is put in jail.

The movie ends with Astrid, living with her new boyfriend Paul Trout (Patrick Fugit) in New York, putting together a series of suitcases that stand for all of her experiences through foster homes. She has redyed her hair blonde.

Five Colleges (Massachusetts)

This is a list of colleges and universities which are the Five Colleges, Incorporated:

Five Colleges of Ohio

This is a list of colleges and universities which are the Five Colleges of Ohio:

Claremont Colleges

The Claremont Colleges are a group of private colleges and universities in Claremont, California, near Los Angeles. They include:

Put together, they have about 8500 students.

Great Lakes Colleges Association

This is a list of colleges and universities in the Great Lakes Colleges Association:

Beverly Crusher

Doctor Beverly Crusher is a fictional character from the American science fiction television series "" The character is played by actress Gates McFadden. Crusher was born as Beverly Howard. She is a human medical doctor working for Starfleet. Crusher was the chief medical officer on the starships USS Enterprise-D and USS Enterprise-E. She had the military rank of Commander. Crusher had a husband, Jack Crusher (now dead), and one son, Wesley Crusher. 

Doctor Crusher was born in Copernicus City, Luna (Earth's moon). When she was very young her parents died. After this, she lived with her grandmother on Arvada III, a colony planet. After joining Starfleet, she married Lieutenant Jack Crusher. He served with captain Jean-Luc Picard on the USS Stargazor. They had a son, Wesley Crusher. Jack Crusher was killed in an accident on the Stargazor in 2354. On the Enterprise-D, Crusher is a good friend with all the senior staff. She plays poker with them every week. Beverly is a good dancer. She has won many trophies in the past for dancing. She tries to keep this a secret because she did not want to be known as "the dancing doctor" as she used to be in the past.

Chakswari

Chakswari (Urdu: ), also known as Chaksawari, is an area in the Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It comprises 15 Union councils including the Islamgarh Municipal Committee. Amongst the primary affectees from the raising of the Mangla Dam project were inhabitants of Chakswari and Islamgarh. Chakswari is 26 miles or 41.84 km from Mirpur. The political constituency code for Chakswari and Islamgarh is LA-2.

Chakswari had always been an important trunk road to and fro Mirpur city. Pre-Mangla Dam the Old Mirpur City now submerged under the Mangla Dam was a stone throw away from Chakswari. Naturally, all major hub towns tend to be bustling with traffic and subsequently economic and commercial activity. Chakswari was no different and remains a buzz with a activity and is a major economic and commercial hub outside Mirpur city even today. 

Chakswari comprises of many villages that border the Mangla Dam and surround the bustling Chakswari bazaar. A major city attributed to the state of Mirpur, it remains a major trunk road to travellers and traders to Dadyal, Kotli from and to Mirpur and Bhimber. Chakswari Bazaar is a major economy in the region and today you can find all modern amenities one would expect in any major city in Pakistan.

Main Source of income of Chakswari, Azad Kashmir is investment via respected overseas Kashmiri's who have moved to UK in the 60s and consecutive years to date. They have created well established communities in Bradford, Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, Dewsbury, Nottingham, Sheffield, Stoke-on-Trent and a small number in towns around Greater Manchester and found in the South of England in Luton, Oxford and Rachyal family in London.

People of Chakswari are very entrepreneurial in spirit but also hard working who initially worked in British manufacturing and textiles industries. By the time of the second generation they began to diversify into transport work and business. The third and fourth generation have successfully moved into business and professional careers. People of Chakswari like the vast majority of people of AJK are renowned for their hospitality, etiquette and hard work.

Chakswari comprises partly plain and partly hilly areas. Chakswari has pleasant scenery and the climate is generally arid with little rainfall and is characterised by hot summers and cool winters. Its history begins long before the events of partition. The old part of the town is divided up into a number of sub areas, made up of local and rural residentials with farming belts. There is much family history tied in kinship to each locality that makes up Chakswari. Its old bazaar remains to this day a great commercial startup hub not only for locals but for people who have crossed into Azad Kashmir from other parts of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan and Afghanistan. Many people from oitside set up shop in Chakswari bazaar some for short term and many whom have now settled and adopted Chakswari as their home.

Chakswari is divided into two parts, the historic old town where the majority of the wholesale shops are based. This is very well established and known for its rich history. Chakswari's old Raja Bazaar is the old much loved indoor historic shopping centre in the old town. The old bazaar is actually very well maintained and a labyrinth of little streets with small outlets selling everything one can imagine. The bazaar is very safe, extremely clean and well maintained and is a hidden treasure and loved by the people of Chakswari and further parts, Dadyal, people of Kotli regularly frequent it. The old town still has some iconic restuarants like the iconic old Roopyal dining restaurant near the old bazaar recently refurbished to compete with some new establishments on the colony road but sadly the once Kalyal hotel is no more with time came its demise.

Then offcourse there is the more recent part referred to as Chakswari Colony. Chakswari Colony was built for the families who lost their homes following the construction of Mangla Dam. Like most small to large cities where the historic old towns were not built or equipped to manage a boom in population. Chakswari old town a d bazaar was also unable to meet the needs of a new generation who brought with them automotive traffic. Naturally Chakswari had to expand outwards, like in most places the shopping precints begin to grow out from the old town connecting itself and so the old town integrated into to the wider roads linking to Chakswari New Colony. The new shopping areas now boasts rivalry to most mid sized cities in Pakistan with some relatively good brands such as the Nafees Bakery, Chicken Cottage and many boutique and high end restaurants on the Kotli Road. Chakswari is also famous for its marriage halls including The Roopyal Marquee and Nashemam Marriage Hall. The Roopyal Marquee was the first super marriage hall in tne region if not Azad Kashmir. The Roopyal Marriage Hall which was the vision of the Late beloved Nadeem Roopyal just off the Kotli Road. In memory of Late Chaudhry Nadeem Roopyal it is today rightly so renamed Nadeem Roopyal Suites & Marquee who was a trailblazer for modern Marquees now found across the Kotli Chakswari road to Mirpur.

Chakswari is well known for it's important shrine. It is most commonly known as Noshahi Pir who were said to be from the lineage of The Prophet Muhammad PBUH. The Noshahi Haji, Pir Ganj Baksh tomb is in Ralmal Sharif in Gujrat.Ralmal Sharif, Pahlia, Gujrat; as well as Doga Sharif in rural Gujrat. As well as Noshahi Family in Saher Mandi in AJK. There is history of Noshahi Darbar Pir coming to Chakswari to and spreading awareness of Islam and teachings of The Prophet Muhammad. There is also a Chowk named after Noshahi Darbar just outside the bazaar.They were known for helping the people of Chakswari with things like poverty and education. It is one of the most famous Sufi shrines in the region. Chakswari also has lots of mosques, the main one being the Jamia Masjid located in the town. There are other mosques too such as the Jamia-e-Haydar Masjid or Ghazi Hasan Masjid which owes its name to the 15th century Muslim warrior in the region, Raja Ghazi Hasan Khan. 

The ancient history of Chakswari can be traced back to the Old Grave Yard located in old Chakswari, leading to the land all around the old town of Chakswari. The old Ancestral Graveyard is located near Gazal Shaav (Holy Site).

Notable parts of Chakswari include Kalyal, Buna Mora or Taki Kalyal, Ladhar, Susral, Panyam, Rachyal, Roopyal, Tagdew but there are many more with rich heritage and history also.

Very notable Azad Kashmiris have hailed from Kalyal village and therefore Kalyal has always been held in high esteem. Even today very well known personalities of Mirpur state / borough hail from Kalyal village of Chakswari. In recent times Panyam village also is notable due to well known Azad Kashmiri personalities.

The main Potohar areas of LA-2 Tehsil are the following:

1. Kalyal including Buna Mora or Taki Kalyal
2. Panyam
3. Susraal
4. Rachyal
5. Tang dew
6. Palak
7. Pind Khurd
8. Dheri Phali
9. Dheri Barwan
10. Boa
11. Kaneli
12. Mawah
13. Bajjar
14. Herdochi
15. Potha Bainsi
16.Ladhar
17.Chak

During the 1947 Poonch rebellion the demographics of Jammu State changed from a Muslim majority state to a Hindu marginal majority state. The genocide was politically motivated to ensure Kashmir would ascede to India and the independence movement squashed. Subsequently, a huge revolt took place by the indigenous Muslim Kashmiri population of Jammu and Kashmir against Maharaja Hari Singh and the Indian State. 
What began as a economic peaceful boycott by the Indigenous muslim population, beginning as a No Tax revolt soon became a freedom struggle as news of the massacre of Muslims in poonch by Hari Singh and the Indian State reached across the state. This subsequently led to the First Kashmir War where Chakswari served as a strategic location for the Muslim rebels who styled themselves as the "Azad Army". Chakswari was an important staging ground for the revolt and supply of amunition to the Muslim freedom fighters that led to liberation from The despotic Dogra's with support from the state of Pakistan. This struggle led to the liberation of parts of Kashmir which is dearly referred to by Kashmiris as Azad Kashmir or Free Kashmir from the tyranny of Hari Singh and the Indian State.

In the 1960s once again the region of Chakswari and its neighbouring areas would prove strategic for Pakistan. This time, it was to build the Mangla Dam at the foot of Mangla and collapse the surrounding areas of Mirpur to support the water needs of the state of Pakistan. 

Mangla Dam History

In 1960 IWT (Indus Waters Treaty) was signed; according to this treaty, India was awarded rights to the Sutlej, Beas, and Ravi rivers, and Pakistan besides the waters of these three rivers within Pakistani territories, and some financial compensation was granted rights to construct the Indus, Chenab, and Jhelum river basins.

Until 1967, Pakistan’s whole irrigation system was totally dependent on the unchecked flow of the River Indus and its main tributaries.

Issue of Poor Agricultural Production

The agricultural production was very poor for a variety of reasons, the most important being the shortage of water during the crucial growing seasons. This issue arose from seasonal fluctuations inflow of the river due to monsoons and the lack of storage facilities to store large quantities of excess water during times of heavy river discharge.

The Mangla Dam was among 2-dams built to overcome this shortcoming and reinforce the irrigation country’s infrastructure as a part of the Indus Basin Program, while the 2nd was the Tarbela Dam located on the River Indus in Swabi, KPK.

Mangla Dam Construction

Cost

The dam was built at the cost of Rupees 15.587 billion, ADB (Asian Development Bank) and World Bank-funded for the dam.

Reservoir

The dam was built between 1961 & 1965 across the river Jhelum in the Mirpur district of AJK (Azad Jammu & Kashmir), some 108 km southeast of Islamabad. The components of the Mangla Dam include intake structures, power station, five tunnels, emergency spillway, main spillway, intake embankment, main embankment, and a reservoir.

Apart from the main dam, Sukian dyke seventeen-thousand feet long and a small dam named the Jari Dam to obstruct the Jari Nala-had to be built eleven miles outside the new town of Mirpur. There were 120 x 106 yd3 (cubic yards) of the trench for the reservoir, while the total fill was 142 x 106 yd3 & concrete to 1.96 x 106 yd3, respectively

With the advent of the Mangla Dam project, like most villages of Mirpur district; people of Chakswari migrated to the UK and other countries from the 1960s onwards. 

The Mangla Dam remains a very important structure and holds strategic and climatic importance just as it did back the. It was a vital project for the people of Pakistan and agriculture of Pakistan. Often overlooked are the real silent heroes who to this day are rarely acknowledged by the vast majority of Pakistanis for their sacrifice. Families of Azad Kashmiris were displaced and uprooted and families divided as a result. Azad Kashmiris from more so the people of Mirpur faced three major catastrophic upheavals in their modern history. The first was the advent of the Dogra occupation who were gifted the state of Kashmir illegally by The British for a pittance. The Dogra barbarity displaced thousands if not hundreds of thousands of Kashmiris from Jammu and Kashmir into into what we lovingly call Pakistan today. The vast majority displaced into West Punjab as it was commonly known back then. The second was during partition, when Kashmiris faced the major brunt of the Indian states wickedness through sectarianism through their stooge Maharaja Hari Singh. This resulted in alot of innocent Kashmiris bloodshed and hundreds and thousands were killed. Thirdly, what has been often overlooked and equally disruptive was the construction of The Mangla Dam. Not to say Azad Kashmiris did not acknowledge The Mangla Dam for the greater good but their sacrifice often overlooked or simply never known by their brethren in Pakistan.

Chakswari is well known for the existence of The Holy Pir. It is most commonly known as Noshahi Pir who were part of the Muhammad family tree. The Noshahi Haji Pir Ganj Baksh tomb is in Ralmal Sharif in Gujrat. In the '90s, they were known for helping the people of Chakswari with things like poverty. It is one of the most famous Sufi shrines in the region. Chakswari also has lots of mosques, the main one being the "Jamia Masjid" located in the town. There are other mosques too such as the "Jamia-e-Haydar Masjid" or "Ghazi Hasan Masjid" which owes its name to the 15th century Muslim warrior in the region, Raja Ghazi Hasan Khan.
• The late Mian Hussain Ali – AJK State Council Member, politician, businessmen and patriarch of the Ali Family and responsible for Chakswari's place as a economic stalwart contributing to the success of Mirpur today. His grandson is Zafar Anwar a well known business man and politician. Hailed from Kalyal village Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• The late DIG Chaudhary Fazal Hussain kalyal was a prominent law man who policed Mirpur State following AJK liberation from India. DIG Chaudhry Fazal Hussain was a towering figure in personality as he was in character and a man of great principle. Much loved and remembered by all from Chakswari. Hailed from Kalyal village Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Muhammad Anwar (d.2020) – Politician & former chairman District Council Mirpur, AJK Also the son of Mian Hussain Ali and father to Zafar Anwar. Hailed from Kalyal village, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Mushtaq Ahmed (d. 2016) – Managing Director of Hussain Ali Construction Company (HACC). Hailed from Kalyal Chakswari.

• Ch. Raza Ali – Managing Director of Raza Group of Companies hails from Kalyal, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Muhammad Saeed – President Pakistan Chamber of Commerce, Azad Group Managing Director, Honorary British Consul for AJK, MLA from Mirpur (representing PML-N). Chaudhry Saeed is an extemely successful businessman responsible for a great number of successful enterprises in Mirpur Azad Kashmir Toyota Azad Motors, Megha Mart, Shopping Pavilions and responsible for bringing big brand retailers into Azad Kashmir like Ideas, and holds the KFC and McDonalds franchise. Chaudhry Saeed hails from Kalyal village, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Zafar Anwar – Businessman and Senior Vice President (PTI) Ch. Zafar Anwar represents a new generation of highly educated young elites from Azad Kashmir and has many business interests including Valley Homes housing association in Mirpur. Hails from Kalyal village, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Maqsood Hussain (d. 2022) – UK Businessman father of Ch. Ansar Maqsood. Ch. Maqsood's family settled in Stoke-on-Trent UK and his children have various business interests in UK and AJK notably the Honda Empire car showroom in Mirpur. Hailed from Kalyal village, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Ansar Maqsood of Honda car showroom Mirpur AJK. A prominent Azad Kashmiri business man in AJK. Ch. Ansar Maqsood represents a new generation of entrepreneurial spirit in Mirpur Azad Kashmir and is responsible for a great deal in the vibrant economy of Mirpur city. Hails from Kalyal, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Muhammad Azam (b. 1929 – d. 2007) – Pakistan Air Force Squadron Leader with 36 years service and was stationed in Quetta, Karachi and Saudi Arabia. Hailed from Kalyal, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Abdul Karim– an MLA in the early years of parliament in AJK Ch. Abdul Karim is responsible for a great deal in shaping the state of Mirpur and contributing to it's successful place as the hub of economic activity in Azad Kashmir. Ch. Abdul Karim had many business interests including transport, logistics and construction. Hailed from Kalyal village, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Ch. Qasim Majeed – MLA (representing PPP) hails from Panyam Chakswari. Ch. Qasim Majeed brings much needed young blood and energy to the political landscape of Chakswari and Mirpur. Hails from Panyam village, Chakswari.

• Chaudhry Abdul Majeed served as the Prime Minister of Azad Jammu And Kashmir from 2011 to 2016. He has also been the President of the Pakistan People's Party's in Azad Kashmir's Chapter. Hails from Panyam village, Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

• Zaman Khan – (born 2001), Professional cricketer who has represented Pakistan on the global stage. Hails from Chakswari, Azad Kashmir.

The predominant inhabitants of Chakswari are Jat and Chaudhry biradri (family) and there has been an emphasis and interest on the major Jat clan of Chakswari namely the Kalyal Jat clan.

Origins of the Kalyal Jat clan lineage

The Kalyal Jat clan is a prominent clan found along the Jhelum River, Mirpur Region (Chakswari) but further up in other regions like Dadyal Azad Kashmir and Gujjar Khan in the Punjab. Sadly British colonialism and independence struggle history took precedence over local regional history in the modern era and little academic work was inked about the great Jat clans of the Jammu and Kashmir region that crossed the Jhelum river to Western Punjab regions like Jhelum, Gujjar Khan and further into the Gujrat regions. The Kalyals (Kalial's) were a prominent clan and thus some piecemeal history exists and referenced here. Even the early 20th Century British ethnologist, H. A Rose has made a reference to the Kalyal Jat clan as being the last of the Rajput Jat clans.

"Sombanai descent and Rajput ancestry i.e., a last status as Rajput— are claimed by the Kalial (Kalyal)."

Horace Arthur Rose was an early 20th Century British colonial official who co-authored "A Glossary of the Tribes and Castes of the Punjab and North-West Frontier Province", which is one of the most comprehensive Glossary on the tribes of Punjab, and a good source on many Punjabi tribes.

the Kalyal (Kalial) tribe claims descent from Kala Khan or Mal Khan, a Chandravanshi Rajput, who settled in the Potohar region in the 15th Century. However, some Kalyal (Kalial) lineages claim Suryavanshi ancestry.

There are also a widespread tradition that Kal to be a Bhatti Rajput, which would make the Kalyal a clan of the Bhatti tribe. Therefore, the Kal aal are the descendants of Kals. The Kalyal are essentially a tribe of the Chibhal, a region between the Tawi and Jhelum rivers, now divided by the line of control, forming the districts of Mirpur and Bhimber in Azad Kashmir, Rajouri, Reasi and parts of Jammu district west of the river Tawi in Indian administered Kashmir. From Chibhal, groups of Kalyal began migrating to the Punjab plains, initially settling in around Dina, and Sahowa and then spreading to Gujar Khan, which is home to the greatest concentrations of Kalyal. Most of the Gujarkhan Kalyal claim to a be a clan of the Bhatti Rajputs. Other groups moved southeast, settling in Gujrat district, where they are still an important Jat clan. There is a single Kalyal village in Kharian Tehsil of Gujrat district.

Kalyal in Azad Kashmir (Chakswari, Mirpur region).

The most visible branch of the Kalyal are found in a single village named Kalyal in Chakswari, Azad Jammu and Kashmir. Giving credence to the Rajput lineage due to the influential personalities that came from this village. To this day, the Kalyal village descendants remain a very influential prominent group in Chakswari and Mirpur city. The Kalyal, Chakswari family remain influential across Mirpur state and city which is the economic hub of Azad Kashmir. The Kalyal village in Chakswari was widely known as the home of Chakswari nobility or gentry in the past. Further divisible Kalyal branches are also found in Mohra-na-Mohra / Mohra Mundian and Pind Kalan villages Add-ne-Plai, Laddar and Domal (now inundated by the Mangla Dam) and also Gaderi (now inundated by the Mangla Dam), while another branch is in Palaak, Tarnot, and Arnoh, near Panyam.

Further Jatt branches migrated from Sialkot to Gujrat Gorsian, from there to the Mirpur region and settled in the villages of Panyam (Moohri Panyam / Baavaya-ni-Moohri – these have largely moved to New Abadi Kalyal Chakswari due to the Dam); Essar, Pind Kalan; Gowanda and Prahi (near Chok Sahiban); and Mera Kandi.

In Panyam Chakswari, also known as Sarr-wala-Mohra, branche/s of the Kalyal's originate in Tope Mankiala near Rawalpindi. Finally, there is also a lineage found in the village of Kalyal Sheru.

Mirpur, Azad Kashmir

Mirpur () is a city in Pakistan administered Azad Kashmir, and the headquarter of Mirpur District and formerly the Mirpur Division. Officially, it is named New Mirpur City. Although it is now part of Azad Kashmir, up until the 1846 Treaty of Amritsar Mirpur was part of the Punjab region. The population are Pahari and the language they speak is Pothwari. Mirpur is located at the South West of Azad Kashmir at an elevation of 459 metres (1509 ft), not far from Islamgarh. It is 323 kilometres (200 miles) from Srinagar, the capital of Jammu and Kashmir and 295 kilometres (183 miles) from Muzaffarabad. The city is 100% Muslim with all residents professing Islam.

Jalalabad, Fazilka

Jalalabad () is a city and a municipal council of Ferozpur District in the Punjab state of the Republic of India.

Kupferhof Bauschenberg

The Kupferhof Bauschenberg was a brass producing factory built in the 17th century in the German city of Stolberg. It had a great influence on the brass industry which made Stolberg world leader in brass production for more than a century.

Due to the excellent conditions for the production of the alloy brass there could hardly be a better place to choose than Stolberg. Located near the small river Vichtbach the water wheels could easily be powerded. Calamine was delivered by the oar mines from nearby Breinigerberg and wood for firing the furnaces had been available in adequate quantities in the forests of the Eifel. This must be the reason why Gottfried Schardinel, one of the richest persons at that time in the region of Stolberg built the Kupferhof Bauschenberg. 

Later the three factories Kupferhof Bauschenberg, Dollartshammer as well as Straßburger Hof fusionated to create the company Prym.


Zira, Punjab

Zira () was one of the two tehsils of Punjab that was part of a controversy during the Partition of India. The other tehsil was Ferozpur. Sir Cyril Radcliffe created the boundary between India and Pakistan just days before the partition. A draft of the award was supposedly sent to Evan Jenkins by George Abell, Lord Mountbatten’s private secretary. Jenkings was the provincial governor of Punjab at the time. The draft had the description of the Punjab boundary. It showed that the tehdils of Ferozepur and Zira tehsils were to be a part of Pakistan.

The final version of the boundary gave the areas to India. This caused Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, to say that the award was not just, incomprehensible and perverse. He did agreed to accept the action. The dispute was settled in 1960 as part of an agreement between the governments of India and Pakistan.

Sturgeon

Sturgeon is the common name for 27 species of fish in the family Acipenseridae.

Sturgeons have been referred to as "living fossils" or "primitive fish" because their features have not changed very much since their earliest fossil record.

Sturgeon range from subtropical to subarctic waters in North America and Eurasia. In North America, they range along the Atlantic coast from the Gulf of Mexico to Newfoundland. They used to be found throughout the Mississippi River, the Great Lakes and the Hudson River.

Throughout this extensive range, almost all species are highly threatened or vulnerable to extinction due to a combination of habitat destruction, overfishing, and pollution.

In the last century, this large fish was often regarded as a nuisance because it often became entangled in and caused commercial fishing nets to become ripped. Only much later did the sturgeon become prized for its meat, eggs (caviar) and oil. Gelatin from the inner lining of its air bladder was used to make isinglass--a substance used as a clarifying agent in jellies, glues and in the isinglass windows of carriages and early cars. Nowadays, the lake sturgeon's dark form can be sometimes be discerned in reedy shallows or near river mouths.

WWE The Great American Bash

The Great American Bash is an yearly summer professional wrestling pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment. It was originally made by the National Wrestling Alliance and then by World Championship Wrestling. However, according to Ric Flair in his autobiography, Dusty Rhodes invented The Great American Bash.
After the last Great American Bash by World Championship Wrestling in 2000, The Great American Bash did not happen again until 2004 and only Smackdown! superstars were on it until the 2007 event when Raw and ECW superstars joined. Something special about this pay-per-view is that anyone in the American military can see The Great American Bash for free.

Here are the dates and places where past events have been held.


Ness

Ness may refer to:


Hy-Vee

Hy-Vee is an employee owned chain of supermarkets in the Midwestern United States. As of January 2008, Hy-Vee runs 197 supermarkets and 26 Drugstores in seven states. Over 100 of its supermarkets are in Iowa, but it also has stores in Illinois, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, and South Dakota. Hy-Vee is known for its longtime advertising slogan, "Where there's a helpful smile in every aisle."

Two-time National Football League MVP Kurt Warner once worked at a Hy-Vee Store in Cedar Falls, Iowa. After he was cut by the Green Bay Packers at age 24, he thought his football career might be over, so he worked there to play for his bills.

The company was started by Charles Hyde and David Vredenburg. They had opened a general store in Beaconsfield, Iowa, in 1930. In 1938, the company changed their name to Hyde & Vredenburg, Inc. Hyde & Vredenburg had 15 stores in Iowa and Missouri at that time. In 1945, Hyde & Vredenburg moved its headquarters from Lamoni to Chariton, Iowa, after buying the Chariton Wholesale Company. 

Most Hy-Vee stores are full-service supermarkets with bakeries, delicatessens, banks, florists, and pharmacies. To keep pace with Wal-Mart's recent expansion into the gas station business, Hy-Vee has also added gas stations with convenience stores to some of its stores.

HyVee's Largest Store is in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, which has 
over of Retail Space in the store. Hy-vee keeps making larger stores, so their largest store changes every 6 months to every year.

Hy-Vee Inc. employs over 52,000 people and is the largest employer in the state of Iowa. The company has annual sales of over $5.84 billion. In 2007, Hy-Vee ranked 47th on "Forbes" magazine's annual list of the largest privately owned companies in the United States.


Mézeray

Mézeray may mean:


Liger

