A liger is a mix between a male lion ("Panthera leo") and a female tiger ("Panthera tigris"). It is different from a similar mix called a tigon and is the biggest of all known extant cats.


White Oleander

White Oleander is a 1999 novel set in Los Angeles. It was written by Janet Fitch. It was later made into a movie in 2002 titled "White Oleander".

Ingrid is a poet who falls in love with a man named Barry Kolker. However he is not loyal to her and sees other women. Ingrid kills him by going to Mexico and buying a drug. She then smears it over all of the surfaces. Barry touches these surfaces, the poison gets in his body, and he dies. She goes to jail and is later found guilty for killing him and goes to prison for a long time. Her daughter, Astrid, is taken to a series of foster homes. 

Her first foster home is a woman named Starr, who has a two children, a teenager named Carolee and a young boy named David. During this home, she falls in love with Starr's husband. She later has an affair by sleeping with him. During a fight, Carolee runs away from home. An angry Starr shoots Astrid in the arm after an argument with her husband.

Her second home is with a woman named Amelia. Amelia has many girls at her house. She has them only to get money (she calls it "easy money") and only feeds them at dinnertime, locking the fridge during the rest of the day. All the girls are hungry all of the time. She eventually gets out of it by talking to a foster worker.

For a brief time, she is put in a place called "Mac," which houses hundreds of children. During this time, she gets into a fight with a bunch of other girls. She cuts her hair off and threatens the other girls, saying that she will slit their throats in their sleep if they attack her again. She also meets a boy named Paul Trout here, who she likes a lot.

Her third foster home is with a woman named Claire Richards. She is very lonely since her husband Ron is always out on business trips. Astrid likes her a lot and how she always is nice and happy towards her. When Claire and Astrid visit Ingrid, however, Ingrid tells Claire that Ron is cheating on her. Astrid warns her mother not to destroy this home, but Ingrid smiles and says that she would rather have her at the worst foster home ever over Claire. Afterwards, Claire fights with Mark and later kills herself by taking a lot of pills at. 

Astrid is put in a fourth home. She is very upset and thinks that her mom caused Claire to kill herself. She chooses a home with a Russian mother named Rena, knowing that Rena will not love her like Claire did because she does not want to see this happen again. This new mother has her sell her nice clothes. Astrid dyes her own hair and starts wearing black clothing. When Ingrid meets Astrid again, she is shocked at how Astrid has turned herself.

During this time, there is a movement to free Ingrid. They believe the original decision of "guilty" of killing Barry was wrong and want a new trial. If Astrid lies and agrees to Ingrid's version of the story, Ingrid will be likely be freed. But if she tells the truth, Ingrid will be put in jail again. Astrid uses this new power to force Ingrid to tell her about her father. Ingrid says that all she wanted Astrid to be was strong, but that she has turned into a nuclear site, the wrong kind of strong. She says that she wants Astrid to be back the way she used to be. Astrid says she will only come back if her mother releases her – does not call her as a witness. Ingrid agrees. Ingrid is then put on trial again and found not guilty.

The novel ends with Astrid, living with her new boyfriend Paul in East Berlin. She is reading the newspaper and finds out about how her mother was found not guilty. Astrid is putting together a series of suitcases that stand for all of her experiences through foster homes.

Cold Mountain (movie)

Cold Mountain is a 2003 American drama movie set in North Carolina. It was directed by Anthony Minghella. The main actors in the movie are Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, and Renee Zellweger. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won one, for Zellweger as Best Supporting Actress.

The movie is about a Civil War deserter named W. P. Inman. He has deserted the Confederate Army – he does not to fight the war anymore and they would not let him go, so he left and has not come back. In the Civil War, the Confederacy wanted to break away from the United States, but the Union would not let them, so they fought for whether the Confederacy (also called the South) should be allowed to break away or not. Before he left, he fell in love with a woman named Ada and now he wants to be back with her.

Along the way, Inman finds a preacher named John. John is a drunk, but he goes with Inman. However, they are caught by the Home Guard, a group of men who try to find deserters and round them up. They are put in chains with a bunch of other people and are forced to march for a few days. However, the Home Guard gets tired of moving them and decides to shoot them all. Inman manages to not get hit and soon breaks free.

At home, Ada is living with her father. Her father dies soon after Inman leaves and soon the farmhouse and the farm breaks down and looks bad. A woman named Ruby comes and teaches Ada how to work and fix the farmhouse up. They soon become good friends. One day, Ruby's father comes to the farm. He had left his wife and the children before, and Ruby slaps him because of it but she lets him in. He can play an instrument.

Environment (disambiguation)

Environment may mean:

In computing:


AT&amp;T

AT&T Inc. (used to be called American Telegraph & Telephone) is the largest provider of both local and long distance fixed telephone services and Internet access in the United States with 71.4 million customers. It is the second largest wireless service provider in the country.

AT&T has been publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange since 1984. It was one of the 30 companies that made up the Dow Jones Industrial Average until 2013, when it was replaced by Apple Inc.

On April 8, 2022, the spinoff of WarnerMedia and its subsequent merger with Discovery, Inc. to form Warner Bros. Discovery was completed. As a result of this merger, HBO Max and other video services were dropped from AT&T's unlimited plan offering.


Air-ground radiotelephone service

Air-ground radiotelephone service is a method of telephone communications used by aircraft pilots and passengers of commercial airline jets flying over the United States.

Heart of Midlothian F.C.

Heart of Midlothian Football Club (commonly known as "Hearts") is a professional football club based at Tynecastle Stadium in Edinburgh, Scotland. They play in the Scottish Premier League along with their city rivals Hibernian. Hearts were one of the teams invited to join the Scottish Football League when it first started in 1890. Hearts have won the Scottish Cup on 8 occasions, the League title 4 times and the League Cup 4 times.

"As of 7 December"

Abbey library of St. Gallen

The Abbey library of St. Galllen () is a library in St. Gallen, Switzerland. It was attached to the abbey of St. Gallen. This abbey had a great importance in the Middle Ages. Today, there are about 2,100 manuscripts from the Middle Ages, about 1 650 Inucabula (books and sheets printed before 1501) and early printings before 1520, as well as about 160,000 books. The library is the oldest library in Switzerland. The manuscript B of the Nibelungenlied is kept here.

Pohleď

Pohleď is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 80 people live there. The village has an area of 4.34 km². It was first documented in 1400.

Hibernian F.C.

Hibernian Football Club, also known as Hibs, is a professional football club based at Easter Road in Edinburgh, Scotland. They play in the Scottish Premiership. Their city rivals are Hearts. It is one of three SPFL clubs in the city, the others being their Edinburgh derby rivals Hearts and Edinburgh City. Hibernian was founded in 1875 by Irish immigrants, but support for the club is now based on geography rather than ethnicity or religion. The Irish heritage of Hibernian is still reflected, however, in its name, colours and badge.

In 1887 Hibernian defeated Preston North End in a match nicknamed the Association Football Championship of the World decider, because of the two teams’ achievements in their domestic cup trophies. Hibs enjoyed enormous success throughout the 1940s and 50s where they won the 1947/8, 1950/1 and 1951/2 League Competitions. Their not-so-secret weapon was the attacking formation known as ‘The Famous Five’ consisting of Bobby Johnstone, Willie Ormond, Lawrie Reilly, Gordon Smith and Eddie Turnbull. 

Hibs became the first British team to enter European competition in 1955. They competed in the Champions Cup and gave a fantastic performance against the German club, Rot Weiss Essen, winning 4-1 and drawing 1-1 on the return match in Scotland.

Hibernian F.C. was in grave danger of being closed down at the beginning of the 1990s when Wallace Mercer of rivals, Hearts of Midlothian, decided he wanted just one main club in Edinburgh. However, the club was saved in 1991 by Sir Tom Farmer CBE.

Hibernian became the first team to be relegated via the SPFL playoffs in 2014. In 2016 they ended their 114 year wait for the Scottish Cup, winning a final against Rangers 3-2.

In 2019, Tom Farmer sold the club to Ron Gordon. Gordon died in 2023.

Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.

Inverness Caledonian Thistle Football Club is a professional football club based at Caledonian Stadium in Inverness, Scotland. They play in the Scottish Championship and are currently managed by Billy Dodds.

Six players have represented their country whilst contracted to Caley Thistle. These are Pāvels Mihadjuks (Latvia), Richard Hastings and Davide Xausa (both Canada), Marius Niculae (Romania), Jonathan Tuffey (Northern Ireland) and Owain Tudur-Jones (Wales national football team).

Kilmarnock F.C.

Kilmarnock Football Club is a professional football club based at Rugby Park in Kilmarnock, Scotland. They were founded in 1869, and are the oldest professional club in Scotland. They currently play in the Scottish Premier League and are managed by Angelo Alessio.


Higher education

Higher education is after secondary education. Through attending college a higher degree (or title) can be gained. Generally, people must be 18 years old or over to enter higher education. They also need to have completed primary school and secondary education. Usually some kind of selection is used. Exams can be of state, local or university level. Sometimes no selection exists. Some open universities encourage older adults to apply, whether they were good at school or not.

Higher education is either professional or academic. You can study for a diploma or a degree. Graduates can study for a master's or doctorate. Places of higher education were traditionally called universities, but there are other names like institute, teaching training college, academy, conservatory, and polytechnic. (The names depend on the country).

Research work is done at this level. Colleges often also reach out to employers and offer cultural or sporting events open to the local community.

The importance of higher education in society changes according to the country; for example, in many countries a student goes to university to obtain a diploma for work, but university is also often a time during which the student learns to be independent. Students also learn to mix with people of different origins, and to grow as people. Richer students can study in a place far from their hometown, but kids from poor neighbourhoods may be unable to afford college at all without a scholarship of some kind.



Aeronautics

Aeronautics is the study of how to make and use flying machines like aeroplanes or helicopters. The name comes from the Ancient Greek language. It means "Air Navigating".

Part of aeronautics is Aerodynamics, how air moves around things. Many books are available on these topics. Aeronautics is related to transport and engineering, and aerodynamics is science. 


Rawalpindi

<mapframe frameless align="center" text="Location of Rawalpindi city." width=280 height=150 zoom=10 latitude=33.626057 longitude=73.071442 >
</mapframe>

Rawalpindi (, Rāwalpindī) is a city in the Pothohar Plateau near Pakistan's capital city of Islamabad, in the province of Punjab. It is home to the headquarters of the Pakistan Army and also served as the nation's capital while Islamabad was being constructed during the 1960s. The city is home to many industries and factories. Benazir Bhutto International Airport is actually in Rawalpindi, formerly known as the "Chaklala Airport", serving the city along with the capital. Rawalpindi is in the Punjab province, 275 km (171 miles) to the north-west of Lahore. It is the administrative seat of the Rawalpindi District. About 3,363,911 people lived in Rawalpindi in the year 1998. The local language spoken is Pothwari.

Kachhi District

Kachhi (formerly named Bolan District) is a district of Balochistan, Pakistan.

Sopore

Sopore () is a town in Baramulla district.

Josip Broz Tito

Josip Broz, nicknamed Tito, (May 7, 1892 – May 4, 1980) was a Yugoslav communist revolutionary, World War II Hero, statesman and dictator who was the leader of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, from 1945 until his death in 1980. From 1945 to 1953 he was Prime Minister, and from 1953 to 1980 he was the President. His funeral on May 4, 1980, was attended by representatives of 128 out of 154 UN member countries. Tito was a controversial person, with people having strong and differing views about his leadership. He has been described by some critics as an authoritarian and a benevolent dictator.

Tito was born in Komrovec, Croatia, where his parents had a small farm. He went to the village elementary school until 1905. In 1907 he was machinist's apprentice in Sisak. In 1910 he joined the union of workers and social-democratic party of Croatia and Slavonia. In 1913 he entered the Austro–Hungarian Army and later was imprisoned for anti-war propaganda. During World War I he was wounded, captured, then imprisoned by Russians. After being set free, he became active in the bolshevik movement. After the October Revolution, he joined the Red Guards (Russia). In 1920 Tito came back to the new nation Yugoslavia and joined the Communist party. This was later renamed Yugoslav Communist League in 1952. Tito (Babo) was the leader of the Communist party from 1937 until his death. In 1921 the Yugoslav communist party was banned. Tito was imprisoned from 1928 until 1933 for being a communist. In 1934 he went back to Soviet Union and he was involved as secret agent in NKVD.

In 1937 Tito came back to Yugoslavia. During the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in World War II, a civil war erupted between the collaborationists of Axis occupators (Ustaše, Croatian Home Guard, Slovene Home Guard, Serbian State Guards), royalist Yugoslav Army in the Fatherland who wanted to bring back the monarchy, and the self-organized guerilla force of Yugoslav Partisans. Tito had the leading role in organizing the Yugoslav People's Liberation Army and liberating Yugoslavia. Their struggles were recognized by the Allies of World War II as the true liberators of Yugoslavia. In 1945, Tito ordered the end of the "Kingdom of Yugoslavia" and created the "Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia" with six republics: Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Slovenia, and two autonomous provinces in Serbia: Vojvodina in the north, and Kosovo in the south, next to Albania.

Tito, under various positions, ruled Yugoslavia from 1945 to 1980. To be safe from assassination attempts, he was dramatically supported by the spy ring OZNA and political police UDBA. Following the Tito-Stalin split in 1948, Yugoslavia heavily opposed the influence of Soviet Union. His rule supressed all non-Titoist parties from forming, including nationalist, monarchist and liberal. He, along with other political personalities in third-world countries, started the Non-Aligned Movement. In the mid-1970s, federal republics of Yugoslavia were granted more autonomy, and the country underwent political decentralization. When he died in 1980 the political situation worsened, as the nationalist parties gained ground. The centralist rule of Slobodan Milošević culminated into brutal and bitter Yugoslav Wars during the 1990s, just ten years later.

Tito became ill over the course of 1979. On 7 January and again on 11 January 1980, Tito was admitted to the Medical Centre in Ljubljana, the capital city of the SR Slovenia, with circulation problems in his legs. His left leg was amputated soon afterward due to arterial blockages and he died of gangrene at the Medical Centre Ljubljana on 4 May 1980 at 3:05 pm, three days short of his 88th birthday. Many world leaders came to his funeral.

Accusations of culpability are related with crimes perpetrated during and after WWII, in pursuit of fleeing Nazi collaborators, such as the massacres of Foibe and Kočevski Rog butchery. Mass graves are evidences of massacres; accusations of genocide and ethnic cleansing by historians. Accusations of guilt in the Bleiburg massacre, the repression of the Croatian Catholic Church, and the crackdown on the Croatian Spring or MASPOK.
Accusation of Vojvodina massacre consists in retaliation against Germans and Hungarians citizen and supposed Chetnik Serbs but some historians consider these incidents also ethnic cleansing against Germans and Hungarians because during World War II, the German minority in occupied Yugoslavia enjoyed a status of superiority over the Yugoslav population.
The AVNOJ Presidium issued a decree that ordered the government confiscation of all property of Nazi Germany and its citizens in Yugoslavia, persons of German nationality (regardless of citizenship), and collaborators. The decision acquired the force of law on February 6, 1945.

Tito's repression involved many of the his old friends such as Milovan Dilas and Vladimir Dedijer, who were both imprisoned but later wrote several books with gross accusations against him; with criticism heaped on Tito's lustful lifestyle: by 1974 he had 32 official residences, one of the ten richest men in the Balkans, "a communist who lived like a king". Tito constructed huge personality cult around him, which kept Yugoslavia from falling apart.

The funeral of Josip Tito, President of Yugoslavia, was held on 8 May 1980, four days after his death on 4 May. His funeral was visited by most of world statesmen.

They included four kings, 31 presidents, six princes, 22 prime ministers and 47 ministers of foreign affairs. They came from both sides of the Cold War, from 128 different countries out of 154 UN members at the time.

The "Plavi voz" ("Blue train", official presidential train) brought his body to the capital Belgrade and he lay in state in the Federal Parliament building until the funeral.




'
Wienerwald

The Wienerwald ( "Weanawoid", lit.'Vienna Woods') is a large forest of over 1,000 square kilometers. It lies southwest of Vienna in Lower Austria. It covers the start of the Alps. It is about 45 km long, and between 20 and 30 km wide.

Wienerwald, Austria

Wienerwald is an Austrian municipality in the Mödling District, Lower Austria. It is in the forest of the Vienna Woods ("Wienerwald"). About 2,600 people live there. 

Wienerwald (restaurant)

Wienerwald is a chain of franchise restaurants. The name means "Vienna Woods". They are mainly in Germany and Austria. They specialize in chicken-based products. It was founded in 1955. It went bankrupt several times. Today the two chains in Austria and Germany are independent of each other. The company operates in Austria, Belgium, Hungary, Romania, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, United States and Egypt.

Barracuda

A barracuda is a ray finned-fish that is about 6 feet in length. It is found in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide. 

It is of the genus Sphyraena, the only genus in the family Sphyraenidae. It is famous for its intimidating and ferocious behavior. It is the reason that divers take off any shiny or glittery bracelets in the water. They eat fish that are silver in color, which may cause them to attack someone if they are wearing any shimmering objects. 

These fish usually stay near the top of the water around sea grass and coral reefs. 

Pomona, California

Pomona is a city in Los Angeles County, California. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 151,713.

Sin City (movie)

Sin City is a 2005 American crime thriller movie written, produced and directed by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez. It is based on Miller's graphic novel series of the same name.

The main actors in it are Jessica Alba, Brittany Murphy, Benicio Del Toro, Clive Owen, Mickey Rourke, Bruce Willis and Elijah Wood. "Sin City" received mostly positive reviews.
This movie has a sequel called "".


Fantastic Four (2005 movie)

Fantastic Four is a 2005 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics comic "Fantastic Four". The movie was released in the United States on July 8, 2005.


Dark Angel (American TV series)

Dark Angel is an American science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H. Eglee, which ran from 2000 to 2002 on the FOX network. "Dark Angel" tells the story of the character of "Max Guevara" (X5-452), a genetically enhanced super-soldier, portrayed by Jessica Alba as an adult, and Geneva Locke as a child.

The program is set in 2019 in Seattle, Washington, but was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada at Lions Gate Studios.

Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer

Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a 2007 superhero movie, and sequel to the 2005 movie "Fantastic Four". Both movies are based on the comic book of the same name. The movie was directed by Tim Story, who also directed the original. Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Chris Evans, Michael Chiklis, Julian McMahon and Kerry Washington reprised their roles from the first movie.

It was released June 15, 2007, in North America, and was released onto high-def Blu-ray Disc and DVD on October 2, 2007.


Unlike the first "Fantastic Four" film (which was rated PG-13), the film was rated PG by the MPAA for sequences of action violence, some mild language and innuendo. This is Marvel's first film to be rated PG by the MPAA.


The Ultimate Fighter

The Ultimate Fighter is a reality television series and mixed martial arts (MMA) contest, in the United States, and made by Spike TV and the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). On this show, professional MMA fighters that have yet to make a big name for themselves are placed in a house outside of Las Vegas, Nevada and they go against each other for the title of The Ultimate Fighter, winning a six-figure, multi-fight contract with the UFC.


Good Luck Chuck

Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 romantic comedy movie starring Jessica Alba and Dane Cook. The story of the movie is Chuck is a "good luck charm" lover. That is, women will find their "one true love" after having sex with him. He then meets a girl who he thinks is his true love.


Maxim (magazine)

Maxim is an international men's magazine based in the United Kingdom and known for its revealing pictorials featuring popular actresses, singers, and female models, none of which are nudes.

In the United States, "Maxim" is an industry leader, reporting a circulation of 2.5 million readers which they claim is enough to outsell leading competitors "GQ", "Esquire", and "Details" combined.

Camp Nowhere

Camp Nowhere is a 1994 movie directed by Jonathan Prince, written by Andrew Kurtzman and Eliot Wald, and starring Jonathan Jackson, Christopher Lloyd, Melody Kay, Andrew Keegan, and Marne Patterson. The movie also features Jessica Alba in one of her first movie roles.

Honey (2003 movie)

Honey is a 2003 movie released by Universal Pictures. Featuring music produced by Rodney Jerkins, the movie stars Jessica Alba, Mekhi Phifer, Lil' Romeo,Zachary Isaiah Williams Joy Bryant, Missy Elliott and David Moscow. A number of popular hip hop and R&B musicians make cameos in the movie, including Jerkins, Jadakiss and Sheek Louch of The Lox, Tweet, and Ginuwine. Canadian R&B artist Shawn Desman was also featured. R&B and hip-hop singer Aaliyah, a close friend of Missy Elliott, was originally cast as the star of the movie before her death.

The movie grossed $27 million at the US box office, and was released on DVD and VHS on March 23, 2004.

The Secret World of Alex Mack

The Secret World of Alex Mack was an American television series that ran on Nickelodeon from October 8, 1994 to January 15, 1998, replacing "Clarissa Explains It All" on the SNICK line-up. Repeats of the series aired in 2003 on The N, but it was soon replaced there. The show is currently not on the air in the U.S.

Atlantic Theater Company

The Atlantic Theater Company runs an off-Broadway theater in a converted church in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York City.

Beverly Hills, 90210

Beverly Hills, 90210 is an American primetime television drama series that aired from October 4, 1990, to May 17, 2000 on FOX in the United States and subsequently on various networks around the world. The show followed the lives of a group of teenagers living in the upscale, star-studded community of Beverly Hills, California and attending the fictitious West Beverly Hills High School and then-fictitious California University. The show was created by Darren Star and produced by Aaron Spelling and Spelling Television. The "90210" in the title refers to one of the suburb's postal ZIP codes.

The original premise of the show was based around the adjustment and culture shock that twins Brandon (played by Jason Priestley) and Brenda Walsh (played by Shannen Doherty) had after they and their parents, Jim and Cindy moved from Minneapolis, Minnesota to Beverly Hills. The show addressed several topical issues, including: date rape, alcoholism, domestic violence, gay rights, drug abuse, teenage suicide, AIDS, and teenage pregnancy.

The show gained popularity during the summer of 1991, when FOX aired a special "summer season" of the show while most other series were in reruns. The series became one of FOX's top shows when it began its next season that fall. Viewership increased dramatically and the cast members, particularly Jason Priestley and Luke Perry, became teen idols, while the series would make actresses Shannen Doherty, Jennie Garth and Tori Spelling household names.

Teen Choice Awards

The Teen Choice Awards is an awards show presented annually by FOX. The program honors the year's biggest achievements in music, movies, sports, and television, as voted on by teens aged 12–19. The program usually features a high number of celebrities and musical performers. The winners are awarded with lifesize surfboards, to fit the summertime theme. The ceremony has also created spin-off teen awards on YouTube.

Starting in 1999, the "Teen Choice Awards" were presented weeks prior to the televised event up through 2005. Since 2006, the program has been televised live.

French Canadians

French Canadian (Canadien or Canadien français in French) refers to a nation or ethnic group that comes from Canada in the period of French colonization in the 1600s. They are the main French-speaking population of Canada. It may also refer to people of French descent living in Canada, or native speakers of French in Canada.


Mexican Americans

Mexican Americans are US citizens of Mexican ancestry. They account for 9% of the country's population: about 28.3 million Americans listed their Original Native ancestry as Mexican as of 2006. They form the largest Original Native group in the United States and contain the largest group of . Mexican Americans trace their ancestry to the modern day country of Mexico or the Southwestern United States.

Most Mexican Americans live in the four states that border Mexico, California, Texas, Arizona and New Mexico. The areas in and around Los Angeles is home to over six million Mexican Americans. There are also a number of large Mexican American communities in other areas of the Western and Southwestern United States. Though Chicago is not in the Western or Southwestern United States, it has 1.4 million Mexican Americans, more Mexican Americans than any city except Los Angeles. The metro areas of Dallas, Houston, and Phoenix each have more than one million Mexicans. There are a growing number of Mexican Americans in the Midwest and South. 

Most Mexican Americans have been referred to as "mestizos", by the generational cast system imposed by Europeans by which people of Original Native ancestry are more one ethnicity. Most of their heritage is the indigenous, Original Native people of Mexico, but it often contains other groups, Central, South America Original Native. Some have a mixture of the casts such as Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Irish and Native American tribes from the U.S. such as Apache.



Saturn Award

The Saturn Award is an award presented every year by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films to honor the top works in science fiction, fantasy, and horror in movie, television, and home video. The prestigious Saturn Awards were devised by Dr. Donald A. Reed, who felt that movies within those genres were never given the appreciation they deserved. The physical award is a representation of the planet Saturn, surrounded with a ring of film. The award was initially, and is still sometimes loosely referred to as a Golden Scroll.

Similar to other awards, like the Oscars, the Emmys and the Grammys, the Saturn Awards are voted on by members of the presenting Academy. There are also special awards for lifetime achievement in the field.

The awards were first presented in 1972. 

Del Rio, Texas

Del Rio is a border city in and the county seat of Val Verde County, Texas, United States. It is near the Laughlin Air Force Base.

Tonsil

The tonsils are areas of lymphoid tissue on either side of the throat. An infection of the tonsils is called tonsillitis or tonsilitis. Most commonly, the term "tonsils" refers to the palatine tonsils that can be seen in the back of the throat. 

Like other organs of the lymphatic system, the tonsils act as part of the immune system to help protect against infection. In particular, they are believed to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections.

JCPenney

J. C. Penney Company, Inc (most commonly known today by the name JCPenney or simply Penneys) is a mid-range chain of American department stores based in Plano, Texas, a suburb north of Dallas. The company operates 1,067 stores in 49 of the 50 U.S. states (except Hawaii) and Puerto Rico, and the largest general merchandise catalog business in the United States. In addition to sale of conventional merchandise, JCPenney stores are often home to several leased departments such as Optical, Portrait Studios, Jewelry & Watch repair, etc.

Flipper (1995 TV series)

Flipper (1995), is an American television series, also known as "The New Adventures of Flipper". It is a remake of the 1964 "Flipper" television series. The first two seasons appeared first in syndication; seasons 3 and 4 appeared on the PAX network.

The 1995 version brought back Bud Ricks as a scientist doing marine research in Florida. The dolphin Flipper was one with whom Dr. Ricks was working. Jessica Alba was in the show.

Orient

Orient is a term meaning "the east". It is from the Latin word "oriens". Ancient Rome sometimes used it to mean the area east of Rome. Later the dividing line moved farther east, to the Adriatic or the Aegean or the Indus River. This term is in contrast to the "Occident", which is a term meaning "the west". 

Edward Said used the term in his book Orientalism (1978). He used it to mean an area including most of present-day North Africa and Middle Eastern countries. 

Console role-playing game

A console role-playing game is a video game genre that resembles traditional role-playing games. Many console role-playing games use common features like turn-based battles, random battles, stats, and leveling up.

Drew Barrymore

Drew Blyth Barrymore (born February 22, 1975) is an American actress and movie producer. Born in Culver City, California, she is the youngest member of the Barrymore family. Lionel Barrymore was her great-uncle and John Barrymore was her grandfather. Barrymore made a breakout role in "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". She starred with Adam Sandler in "The Wedding Singer", "50 First Dates" and "Blended". She starred in the Netflix series "Santa Clarita Diet".

Barrymore is bisexual. She was married three times. She had a relationship with Jeremy Thomas, Tom Green and Will Kopelman. Before their divorce, Barrymore has two daughters.


Brooklyn South

Brooklyn South is a short-lived American television police drama. It aired from 1997 to 1998 on CBS for only one season. It was cancelled due to poor ratings.

One of the producers of the series was Steven Bochco, creator of many well-known police dramas such as "Hill Street Blues" and "NYPD Blue". "Brooklyn South" was also created and produced by David Milch. The series tried to create a setting of a gritty, realistic police station similar to that of "NYPD Blue", but differed by focusing on the uniformed police officers rather than the detectives. The pilot of "Brooklyn South" was noted as the first TV-MA rated episode on broadcast television.

Never Been Kissed

Never Been Kissed is a 1999 American comedy movie directed by Raja Gosnell. It follows a journalist pretending to be high school student. It stars Drew Barrymore, David Arquette, Michael Vartan, Molly Shannon, Leelee Sobieski, John C. Reilly, Jessica Alba, Marley Shelton and Garry Marshall. It marked the first movie produced by Flower Films and James Franco's film debut.

Idle Hands

Idle Hands is a 1999 American comedy-horror movie starring Devon Sawa, Seth Green, and Jessica Alba with Elden Henson and Vivica A. Fox. It follows the life of a teen whose hand becomes possessed and goes on a killing spree, even after being cut off from his arm. The film was delayed in its release because of the Columbine massacre.

Panic attack

Panic attacks are sudden periods of very bad anxiety. Along with feeling very scared, people with panic attacks usually have physical symptoms. These symptoms are not dangerous. However, they can make a person feel terrible for a short time. Having a panic attack is often terrifying and very upsetting. Many people who have a panic attack for the first time call the emergency services because they think they are having a heart attack or a nervous breakdown.

Though panic attacks make people feel terrible, they are not dangerous. Usually, the worst symptoms are over in ten minutes or less. However, some panic attacks can be as short as one to five minutes.

Panic attacks can happen in people with all kinds of mental illnesses. They can also happen in people who do not have mental illness, but have just had something very bad happen to them. 

A panic attack is sometimes confused with anxiety. Anxiety is progressive. When we think of negative thoughts, the anxiety becomes worse when we do not try to relax and it reaches to a point when we're out of control. A panic attack is not progressive, when we think of negative thoughts, a panic attack goes straight to us feeling out of control and people think they're having a heart attack because an anxious heart feels very similar to a heart attack. A panic attack is far worse than an anxiety attack, though both attacks require the person to learn how to calm down or get professional help if it becomes a problem in their daily lives. 

The new Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM), DSM-5, describes a panic attack as:

""An abrupt [sudden] surge of intense [very strong] fear or intense discomfort that reaches a peak within minutes... [During that] time four or more of the following symptoms occur. The abrupt surge can occur from a calm state or an anxious state.""

According to DSM-5, a person is having a panic attack if they suddenly start feeling very scared and have four or more of these symptoms:

Panic attacks happen when the body's natural fight or flight response gets overprotective. Usually, the fight or flight response kicks in when a person is in danger. It tells the sympathetic nervous system to make many changes in the body. These changes will help the person fight or run away from the danger. For example:
When a person is truly in danger, these changes in the body can help the person survive. The changes in the body make it easier for the person to fight or run away from the danger.

However, when a person is having a panic attack, their body is reacting as if they are in danger, when they are really not. Their fight or flight system kicks in and causes changes to the body. But because the person does not need these changes to help them survive, the changes cause symptoms. For example:

Every symptom of a panic attack is caused by the fight or flight reaction. This is why panic attacks are not dangerous. The fight or flight system is meant to save a person's life if they are in danger. It is a natural self-defense system in the human body. When a panic attack happens, this life-saving fight or flight system is simply kicking in when it is not needed.



Telepathy

Telepathy is the hypothesis that some people can communicate to others by thought, instead of through the known senses.

The term was coined by classics scholar and psychologist Frederic William Henry Myers in 1882. Sigmund Freud did experiments with his daughter Anna where he attempted to communicate with her telepathically. In 1930 Upton Sinclair wrote a book about his experiments with his wife in telepathic communication entitled "Mental Radio".

Professor Hans Eysenck of London University's Institute of Psychiatry stated "Unless there is a gigantic conspiracy involving some thirty university departments all over the world, and several hundred highly respected scientists in various fields, many of them originally skeptical to the claims of the psychical researchers, the only conclusion that the unbiased observer can come to is that there does exist a small number of people who obtain knowledge existing in other people's minds, or in the outer world, by means as yet unknown to science".

A variety of tests have been performed to demonstrate telepathy, but there is no scientific evidence that the power exists.

A panel commissioned by the United States National Research Council to study paranormal claims concluded that "despite a 130-year record of scientiﬁc research on such matters, our committee could ﬁnd no scientiﬁc justiﬁcation for the existence of phenomena such as extrasensory perception, mental telepathy or 'mind over matter' exercises... Evaluation of a large body of the best available evidence simply does not support the contention that these phenomena exist." The scientific community considers parapsychology a pseudoscience. There is no known mechanism for telepathy. Philosopher and physicist Mario Bunge has written that telepathy would contradict laws of science and the claim that "signals can be transmitted across space without fading with distance is inconsistent with physics".


Megabit

A megabit is a unit of information or computer storage that means one million bits, or one thousand kilobits. It is abbreviated Mbit or Mb.

Invisible Woman

Susan Storm Richards (also known as Invisible Girl and later, Invisible Woman) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superheroine created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #1 in November 1961. Like the other founding members of the Fantastic Four, Sue received her powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm. Her primary power deals with light waves, allowing her to render herself and others invisible. However, she can also project powerful fields of invisible energy which she uses for a variety of offensive and defensive effects. Sue plays a central role in the lives of her brother, her husband, her children (Franklin Richards and Val Richards), and her friend, Ben Grimm. She has been adapted into motion puctures and is played by Rebecca Stabb, Jessica Alba and Kate Mara.

Shigesato Itoi

Shigesato Itoi ( "Itoi Shigesato", born November 10, 1948 in Gumna) is a famous Japanese copywriter, essayist, and game designer. In his video game career, his most well-known works have been games in the "EarthBound" series.

The Eye (2008 movie)

The Eye is a 2008 movie starring Jessica Alba. It is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong-Thai-Singaporean movie of the same name. The movie was rated PG-13 by the MPAA for "violence/terror and disturbing content." It was directed by David Moreau and Xavier Palud. It is the story of a young blind girl who has her sight restored. She is able to see dead people, and sets out to find the history of her new eyes.

Creatures (company)

Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) is a professional honorary group meant for the advancement of the arts and sciences of movies.

The Academy has over 6,000 motion picture professionals as members. While the most of its members are in the United States, membership is open to filmmakers around the world. As of 2004, it had members from 36 countries. It is known around the world for its yearly Academy Awards, known to most people as the "Oscars." 

Also, the Academy gives Student Academy Awards to filmmakers at the undergraduate and graduate level each year; awards up to five Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting each year; and runs the Margaret Herrick Library in Beverly Hills, California and the Pickford Center for Motion Picture Study in Hollywood, California, which will grow to include Academy Museum of Motion Pictures, to open as a tourist site in 2017.

The president of the Academy has been Cheryl Boone Issacs since 2013.

The Love Guru

The Love Guru is an 2008 American romantic sports comedy movie set in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was directed by Marco Schnabel and starring Mike Myers. Romany Malco, Jessica Alba and Justin Timberlake co-star. In addition to starring in the movie, Myers wrote "The Love Guru" with Graham Gordy and produced it with Gary Barber. The movie was released by Paramount Pictures on June 20, 2008 and was rated PG-13.




GQ

GQ (originally Gentlemen's Quarterly) is a monthly men's magazine focusing upon fashion, style, and culture for men, through articles on food, movies, physical fitness, sex, music, travel, sports, technology, and books. It is generally thought of as being more sophisticated than magazines, such as "Maxim" or "FHM". 

"Gentlemen's Quarterly" was launched in 1931 in the United States as Apparel Arts, a men's fashion magazine for the clothing trade, aimed primarily at wholesale buyers and retail sellers. 

Big Cartoon DataBase

The Big Cartoon DataBase (BCDB) is an online database of information about cartoons, animated movies, and animated television shows.


InStyle

InStyle is a monthly women’s magazine, published by Time Inc., which is about the private side of celebrities. It started in 1995. It has a circulation of about 1.7 million.

MTV Movie Awards

The MTV Movie Awards is a movie awards show presented annually on MTV (Music Television). It also contains movie parodies that used official movie footage with hosts and other celebrities and music performances. The nominees are decided by a special panel at Tenth Planet Productions, the production company headed by Joel Gallen, who also created the MTV Movie Awards. Winners are decided by the general public. Presently voting is done through MTV's official website through a special Movie Awards link.

Awake (movie)

Awake is a 2007 American crime thriller movie. It was written and directed by Joby Harold. It stars Hayden Christensen, Jessica Alba, Lena Olin, and Terrence Howard. The movie was rated R by the MPAA for language, an intense disturbing situation, and brief drug use.

The movie was released in the United States and Canada on November 30, 2007.

Tiger shark

The tiger shark ("Galeocerdo cuvier") is a species of requiem shark, and is the only member of the genus Galeocerdo. This is one of the largest known species of shark. It reaches lengths of up to 5.5 metres (18 feet), and weighs over 900 kg (2000 pounds). The tiger shark is found throughout the world's coastal temperate and tropical waters, with the exception of the Mediterranean Sea, and have been known to swim to depths of up to 350 metres (1150 feet). Tiger sharks feed mainly on bony fish, rays, squid, crustaceans, seals, and dolphins. The tiger shark is the only species in its family which is ovoviviparous, giving birth to 10-82 pups at a time.

The tiger shark gets its name from the black spots and stripes which run the length of the body, like a tiger. The front of the body is quite sturdy, but becomes more slim at the back. It has a large, strong head with big eyes and a very blunt snout. The first dorsal fin is quite wide, and is located at the back of the pectoral fins. The much smaller second dorsal fin is located at the front of the anal fin which is strongly recurved. There is a ridge along the back between the dorsal fins.

The jaws of the tiger shark have large, sharp teeth which helps the shark to cut through the flesh and bones of their prey. Each tooth is jagged around the edges. The upper and lower teeth are similar in shape, and the teeth at the front are larger than the back teeth.

The dorsal surface of the tiger shark is bluish-green to dark grey or black, and the belly is yellowish-white to pure white in colour. The black spots and stripes of the tiger shark are more visible on young ones, and they fade as the shark matures.
The tiger shark is one of the largest known sharks, commonly reaching a length of 3.25-4.25 metres (11-14 feet), and weighing around 385-635 kg (850-1400 pounds). New born tiger sharks range in lengths between 51 to 76 cm (2 to 2.5 feet). Males reach maturity at 2.3-3 metres (8-10 feet), while females become mature at 2.5-3.3 metres (8-11 feet). The largest specimens are believed to reach lengths of up to 5.5 metres (18 feet), and weigh over 900 kg (2000 pounds).

The tiger shark is found throughout the world's coastal temperate and tropical waters, with the exception of the Mediterranean Sea. In the western Atlantic, it is found from Massachusetts to Uruguay, and in the Gulf of Mexico, the Bahamas, and the Caribbean Sea. In the eastern Atlantic, it is found in Iceland and possibly the U.K (due to the warm Gulf Stream), Morocco, Canary Islands, and from Senegal to Ivory Coast. In the Indian Ocean, it is found in Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Thailand, Vietnam, and from the Red Sea to South Africa. In the western Pacific, it is found in southern China, Japan, Philippines, Indonesia, Australia, New Zealand, New Caledonia, Palau, Solomon Islands, Marshall Islands, and Tahiti. In the eastern Pacific, it is found in Hawaii, Galapagos, and from southern California to Peru.

The tiger shark is found in many different kinds of marine habitats, but it usually prefers murky waters in coastal areas. It is also commonly found in estuaries and harbours. Shallow areas around large island chains and oceanic islands, including lagoons, are also part of the tiger shark's natural environment. The tiger shark is found near the surface to depths of up to 350 metres (1150 feet).

The tiger shark is nocturnal. During the day they are mostly inactive, and they hunt during the night. They are solitary, and may attack any shark or human that comes near them. The Tiger shark can be very aggressive, and along with the great white and the bull shark, it is one of the most dangerous sharks for humans.

Tiger sharks have a wide variety of prey. They feed on rays, bony fish, dolphins, carrion, sea birds, sea turtles, sea snakes, crustaceans, seals, squid, and small sharks of other species. Some Tiger sharks have been found with ship garbage, and car license plates in their stomachs. Adult tiger sharks have also been known to prey on young tiger sharks.

One large female caught off the north end of the Gulf of Aqaba in the Red Sea had two empty cans, a plastic bottle, two burlap sacks, a squid, and a 20 cm long fish in its stomach. Also, many tiger sharks caught in harbours have been found with garbage in their stomachs.

Tiger sharks are able to find food in the dark by picking up the vibrations made by their prey in the water, and also because of their enhanced vision.

For the tiger shark, maturity depends on size and not on age. Males reach maturity at 2.3-3 metres (8-10 feet), while females become mature at 2.5-3.3 metres (8-11 feet).t Tiger sharks are ovoviviparous, and females only mate once every 3 years. The time of which the mating season occurs depends on the location. In the Northern Hemisphere the mating season lasts from March until May, and in the southern hemisphere the mating season lasts from November until January. The gestation period lasts up to 16 months, and females can give birth to 10-82 pups at a time. The average lifespan in the wild for a tiger shark is 12 years.

The tiger shark is second on the list of number of recorded attacks on humans, with the great white shark being first. Fortunately though, attacks are rare. In Hawaii, although tiger sharks were responsible for several deaths in the 1990s, there is an average of one shark attack per year.

Due to being fished commercially and recreationally, in some parts of its range, the tiger shark's population has decreased. Like many shark species, the fins of the tiger shark are highly prized in Asia for making shark-fin soup. Also, its meat is eaten by people, its skin is used to make leather, and its liver is taken as a source of Vitamin A. Fortunately, this species is quite fast growing and produces large numbers of young, so the tiger shark faces no real threat. Also, in areas where the numbers of adults have been reduced due to fishing, young tiger sharks have been found to be more common, as predation from the adults is lessened. Nevertheless, as the demand for shark fins continues to grow, there is concern that it could have a serious impact on this species in the future. The tiger shark is listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN.

Frank Miller (comics)

Frank Miller (born January 27, 1957) is an American writer, artist and movie director. He best known for his film noir-style comic book stories including Ronin, Daredevil: Born Again, The Dark Knight Returns, Sin City, and 300. 

He is one of the most widely-recognized and popular creators in comics, and is one of the most influential comics creators of his generation.

Miller was born in Olney, Maryland, on January 27, 1957, and raised in Montpelier, Vermont.

Because of his interest in comics, Miller moved to New York as a young adult to work as a comic book artist. Miller released his first graphic novel, Ronin, in 1983. Miller later wrote other graphic novels including the Dark Knight Returns and 300. 

Miller moved to Los Angeles and worked in Hollywood during the 1980s and 1990s, writing the scripts for Robocop II and III. Not happy with the films, Miller stopped working in TV and movies until 2005, when Miller worked with director Robert Rodgriguez on the film, Sin City. 

 

Robert Rodriguez

Robert Anthony Rodriguez (born June 20 1968) is an American director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, editor and musician perhaps best known for making profitable, crowd-pleasing independent and studio movies with fairly low budgets and fast schedules by Hollywood standards. He shoots and produces many of his movies in Texas and Mexico.

Michael Weatherly

Michael Manning Weatherly, Jr. (born July 8, 1968) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo on the television series "NCIS". After being in over 300 episodes he is leaving NCIS at the end of the 2016 season. He also plays Dr. Jason Bull in the CBS drama series "Bull".


Telegraphy

Telegraphy (from the Greek words "tele (τηλε)" = far and "graphein (γραφειν)" = write) is the long-distance transmission of written messages without physical transport of letters.

A telegraph sends electric pulses in a special code, composed from short and large marks. Usually, amateur radio operators use Morse code. 

Some of the first telegraphs were made in the late 1700s, but these were hard to use because they had too many wires. Samuel Morse made a telegraph using only one wire. In 1844, he built a telegraph line from Baltimore to Washington, D.C., and soon, there were telegraphs all over the United States. This made it easier for people to talk to people far away and made it easier for people to move out West. A transatlantic telegraph cable and other developments linked the world by the end of the century. Radio telegraphy became widespread in the early 20th century, especially on ships.

People would send messages called "telegrams" to other people. They would give the message to a telegraph operator, who would send the message using Morse code. The operator on the other end would write down the message and give it to the person receiving the message. After the 1930s, it became cheaper to make long-distance telephone calls than to send telegrams, so fewer telegrams were sent. Western Union, an American company that was created for telegrams, sent its last one in 2006.

Telegraphs have become rare. This is because of newer technology that people can use to communicate, such as the telephone and the Internet. However, morse code is still popular among amateur radio enthusiasts.


Rheumatism

Rheumatism or Rheumatic disorder is a general term for medical problems that can hurt the heart, bones, joints, kidney, skin and lungs. The study of these problems is called rheumatology.

The major rheumatic disorders that are known, some are:

Many traditional herbal remedies were recommended for "rheumatism". Modern medicine, both conventional and complementary, shows that the different rheumatic disorders have different causes (and several of them have more than one) and need different kinds of treatment.


Gout

Gout is a very painful medical condition. It is a red, tender, hot, swollen joint. The attacks happen most often in the joint at the base of the big toe. It is caused by crystals getting deposited from the blood. This happens when the level of uric acid in the blood is too high. The crystals then stay in joints, tendons, and surrounding tissues.

Inflammatory arthritis happens in about 50% of all cases of gout. The disease may also appear as kidney disease due to urate crystals. People with gout often have more than one attack of gout.

Doctors decide a patient has gout if they find crystals in the joint fluid. Treatment with anti-inflammatory drugs, steroids, or colchicine improves symptoms. Once an attack goes away, the patient can change his or her lifestyle to reduce levels of uric acid. People who have gout attacks often may take allopurinol or probenecid to prevent symptoms later.

Gout has become more common. It affects approximately one to two percent of people in the West during their lifetimes. Risk factors have been increasing and may be causing the increase in gout. Metabolic syndrome, longer life expectancy, and changes in diet are the most common risk factors. Gout was historically known as “the disease of kings” or “the disease of rich men".

Gout can present in a number of ways, although the most common is a recurrent attack of intense inflammatory arthritis (a red, tender, hot, swollen joint). Joint pain usually begins over 2–4 hours and during the night. Symptoms occur at night because of the lower body temperature at this time.

High levels of uric acid in the blood over a long period of time (hyperuricemia) may cause other symptoms such as hard, painless deposits of uric acid crystals known as tophi. Extensive tophi may lead to chronic arthritis due to bone erosion. High levels of uric acid in the blood may also cause crystals to form in the kidneys. This causes stone formation followed by urate nephropathy.

A very high, abnormal level of uric acid in the blood (hyperuricemia) is the basic cause of gout. Diet and a person's genes are two of several possible causes of the high levels. Levels can also become high if the body cannot excrete enough urate, the salts of uric acid.

The kinds and amounts of foods people eat cause about 12% of gout. Drinking alcohol or fructose-sweetened drinks, and eating meat and seafood can cause this disease. Injuries and surgery may also start an attack of gout. Recent studies showed that some beliefs about connections between diet and gout were not true. Eating purine-rich vegetables (e.g., beans, peas, lentils, and spinach) or large amounts of protein do not contribute to developing gout. Coffee, vitamin C, and dairy products, as well as physical fitness appear to decrease the risk. These things reduce insulin resistance and may reduce cases of gout.

Inherited factors are about 60% responsible for the variability in uric acid level. Two genes called SLC2A9 and ABCG2 are commonly associated with gout. Variations in these genes can almost double the risk of developing this disease.

Gout often happens with other medical problems. Metabolic syndrome happens along with nearly 75% of all cases of gout. Gout often makes these other problems worse or harder to treat: polycythemia, lead poisoning, renal failure, hemolytic anemia, psoriasis, and solid organ transplants. Males have three times the chance of getting gout when the body mass index is greater than or equal to 35. Frequent lead exposure and lead-contaminated alcohol are risk factors for gout because lead harms the kidney function.

Gout is a disorder of purine metabolism, and occurs when its final metabolite, uric acid, crystallizes in the form of monosodium urate. The blood deposits the crystals in joints, on tendons, and in the surrounding tissues. These crystals then trigger a local immune system inflammatory reaction. Uricase is required to breakdown uric acid. An evolutionary loss of uricase in humans and higher primates has made this condition more common.

The triggers that cause uric acid to build up in the blood are not well understood. While it may crystallize at normal levels, it is more likely to do so as uric acid levels increase. Other factors believed to be important in triggering an acute episode of arthritis include cool temperatures, rapid changes in uric acid levels, acidosis, articular hydration, and extracellular matrixproteins, such as proteoglycans, collagens, and chondroitin sulfate. The increased crystallization at low temperatures partly explains why the joints in the feet are most commonly affected. Rapid changes in uric acid may occur due to a number of factors, including trauma, surgery, chemotherapy, diuretics, and stopping or starting the medication allopurinol.

Gout may be diagnosed and treated without further investigations in someone with hyperuricemia and the classic podagra. If there is any doubt about the diagnosis, synovial fluid analysis should be done. X-rays are useful for identifying chronic gout only. X-rays are not useful for treating acute gout attacks.

A definitive diagnosis of gout is based upon the identification of monosodium urate (MSU) crystals in joint fluid or a tophus. All synovial fluid samples obtained from undiagnosed, inflamed joints should be examined for these crystals. Under polarized light microscopy, the crystals have a needle-like shape and strong negative birefringence. This test is difficult to perform, and often requires a trained technician. The fluid must also be examined relatively quickly after aspiration, as temperature and pH affect their solubility.

Hyperuricemia is a classic feature of gout. Gout occurs nearly half of the time without hyperuricemia and most people with raised uric acid levels never develop gout. The usefulness of measuring uric acid levels is limited. Hyperuricemia is defined as a plasma urate level greater than 420 "μ"mol/L (7.0 mg/dL) in males and 360 "μ"mol/L (6.0 mg/dL) in females. Other blood tests commonly performed are white blood cell count, electrolytes, renal function, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR). Both the white blood cells and ESR may be elevated due to gout in the absence of infection. A white blood cell count as high as 40.0×10/L (40,000/mm) has been documented in people with gout.

The most important diagnosis to rule out in gout is septic arthritis (an infection in the joint). This should be considered in those with signs of infection or those who do not improve with treatment. A joint fluid Gram stain and culture may be performed to support the diagnosis. Other conditions which present similarly include pseudogout and rheumatoid arthritis. Gouty tophi, especially when not in a joint, can be mistaken for basal cell carcinoma, or other cancers.

Both lifestyle changes and medications can decrease uric acid levels. Dietary and lifestyle choices that are effective include reducing intake of meat and seafood, eating adequate vitamin C, limiting alcohol and fructose consumption, and avoiding obesity. A low-calorie diet in obese men decreased uric acid levels by 100 µmol/L (1.7 mg/dL) on average. Vitamin C intake of 1,500 mg per day decreases the risk of gout by 45%. Coffee, but not tea, consumption is associated with a lower risk of gout. Gout may be secondary to sleep apnea through the release of purines from oxygen-starved cells. Treatment of sleep apnea can lessen the occurrence of gout attacks.

The first goal of treating gout is to reduce the symptoms of an acute attack. Repeated attacks can be prevented by using different drugs that reduce the uric acid levels in the blood. Ice applied for 20 to 30 minutes several times a day decreases pain. Options for immediate treatment include nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), colchicine and steroids. Options for prevention include allopurinol, febuxostat and probenecid. Lowering uric acid levels can cure the disease. Treatment of comorbidities is also important.

NSAIDs are the most common treatment for gout. No specific type of NSAID is significantly more or less effective than any other. Improvement may be seen within 4 hours. Treatment is recommended for 1–2 weeks. NSAIDs are not recommended for people with certain other health problems such as bleeding from the stomach, esophagus or intestines, renal failure, or heart failure. While indomethacin has historically been the most commonly used NSAID, ibuprofen may be preferred due to its lack of side effects. A proton pump inhibitor may be given to people at risk of experiencing gastric side effects.

Colchicine is an alternative treatment for people that are unable to tolerate NSAIDs. Its side effects, primarily gastrointestinal upset limit its use. The occurrence of gastrointestinal upset depends on the dose. The risk of experiencing this side effect can be reduced by using smaller, yet still effective doses. Colchicine may interact with other commonly prescribed drugs such as atorvastatin and erythromycin.

Glucocorticoids (otherwise known as steroids) have been found to be as effective as NSAIDs for treating gout. Glucocorticoids may be used if it is not possible to use NSAIDs. Using glucocorticoids also lead to improvement when it is injected into the joint. A joint infection must be excluded if the condition worsens.

Pegloticase (Krystexxa) was approved in the USA to treat gout in 2010. It will be a treatment option for the 3% of people who are intolerant to other medications. Pegloticase is administered as an intravenous infusion every two weeks and has been found to reduce uric acid levels in these people.

A number of medications are useful for preventing further episodes of gout, including xanthine oxidase inhibitor (including allopurinol and febuxostat), and uricosurics (including probenecid and sulfinpyrazone). They are not usually given until one to two weeks after an acute attack has resolved due to concerns that it may worsen attack symptoms. These medications are often used in combination with either an NSAID or colchicine for the first 3–6 months. This treatment is not recommended until a person has suffered two gout attacks, unless destructive joint changes, tophi, or urate nephropathy exist. This type of treatment is delayed until this point because it is not cost effective to offer this treatment sooner. Urate-lowering measures should be increased until serum uric acid levels are below 300–360 µmol/L (5.0-6.0 mg/dL). This treatment should be continued forever. These medications should be continued even if the person experiences a gout attack while on the medication.

Uricosuric drugs are preferred for treating gout if there is not enough uric acid in the urine defined by a 24-hour collection of urine with less than 800 mg of uric acid. Uricosuric drugs are not recommended if the person has a history of renal stones. A 24-hour urine excretion of more than 800 mg indicates overproduction and xanthine oxidase inhibitors are the preferred drugs for providing treatment. Note that probenecid appears to be less effective than allopurinol.

Xanthine oxidase inhibitors (including allopurinol and febuxostat) block uric acid production. Long term therapy is safe and well tolerated, and can be used in people with reduced renal function or urate stones. Allopurinol has caused hypersensitivity in a small number of individuals. In such cases, the alternative drug febuxostat has been recommended.

Without treatment, an acute attack of gout will usually resolve in 5 to 7 days. 60% of people will have a second attack within one year. Those with gout are at increased risk of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and renal and cardiovascular disease and at increased risk of death. This may be partly due to its association with insulin resistance and obesity, but some of the increased risk appears to be simply due to having gout.

Without treatment, acute gout attacks may develop into chronic gout with destruction of joint surfaces, joint deformity, and painless tophi. These tophi occur in 30% of those who are untreated for five years, often in the outer part of the ear, over the outer part of the elbow, or on the Achilles tendons. With aggressive treatment, they may dissolve. Kidney stones also frequently complicate gout, affecting between 10 and 40% of people. Kidney stones occur due to low urine pH promoting the crystallization of uric acid. Other forms of chronic renal dysfunction may occur.

Gout affects around 1–2% of the Western population at some point in their lives and it is becoming more common. Rates of gout have about doubled between 1990 and 2010. This rise is believed to be due to increasing life expectancy, changes in diet, and an increase in diseases associated with gout, such as metabolic syndrome and high blood pressure. A number of factors have been found to influence rates of gout, including age, race, and the season of the year. In men over the age of 30 and women over the age of 50, prevalence is 2%.

In the United States, gout is twice as likely to occur in African American males as it is in European Americans. Rates are high among the peoples of the Pacific Islands and the Māori of New Zealand, but rare in Australian aborigines, despite a higher average concentration of serum uric acid in the aboriginal group. Gout has become common in China, Polynesia, and urban sub-Saharan Africa. Some studies have found that gout attacks occur more frequently in the spring. This has been attributed to seasonal changes in diet, alcohol consumption, physical activity, and temperature.

The word "gout" was initially used by Randolphus of Bocking, around 1200 AD. It is derived from the Latin word "gutta", meaning "a drop" (of liquid). According to the Oxford English Dictionary, this is derived from humorism and "the notion of the 'dropping' of a morbid material from the blood in and around the joints".

People have been aware of gout since ancient times. Historically, it has been referred to as "the king of diseases and the disease of kings" or "the disease of rich men". The first documentation of the disease is from Egypt in 2,600 BC. in a description of arthritis of the largest toe. The Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC. commented on it in his "Aphorisms" and noted its absence in eunuchs (men who have had there testicles removed at a young age) and women before menopause. Aulus Cornelius Celsus (30 AD.) described the linkage with alcohol, later onset in women, and associated kidney problems:
Again thick urine, the sediment from which is white, indicates that pain and disease are to be apprehended in the region of joints or viscera... Joint troubles in the hands and feet are very frequent and persistent, such as occur in cases of podagra and cheiragra. These seldom attack eunuchs or boys before coition with a woman, or women except those in whom the menses have become suppressed... some have obtained lifelong security by refraining from wine, mead and venery.

In 1683, Thomas Sydenham, an English physician, described its occurrence in the early hours of the morning, and its more frequent occurrence in older males:
Gouty patients are, generally, either old men, or men who have so worn themselves out in youth as to have brought on a premature old age - of such dissolute habits none being more common than the premature and excessive indulgence in venery, and the like exhausting passions. The victim goes to bed and sleeps in good health. About two o'clock in the morning he is awakened by a severe pain in the great toe; more rarely in the heel, ankle or instep. The pain is like that of a dislocation, and yet parts feel as if cold water were poured over them. Then follows chills and shivers, and a little fever... The night is passed in torture, sleeplessness, turning the part affected, and perpetual change of posture; the tossing about of body being as incessant as the pain of the tortured joint, and being worse as the fit comes on.

The Dutch scientist, Antonie van Leeuwenhoek, first described the microscopic appearance of urate crystals in 1679. In 1848, English physician Alfred Baring Garrod realized that this excess uric acid in the blood was the cause of gout.

Gout is rare in most other animals due to their ability to produce uricase, which breaks down uric acid. Humans and other great apes don't have this ability, which makes gout common. The "Tyrannosaurus rex" specimen known as "Sue", however, is believed to have suffered from gout.

A number of new medications are under study for treating gout, including anakinra, canakinumab, and rilonacept. A man made uricase enzyme (rasburicase) is also available. Its use is limited because it triggers an autoimmune response. Versions of this medication that are less prone to cause allergies are in development.

Bright's disease

Bright's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that are now called acute or chronic nephritis. The main symptom is the presence of serum albumin (blood plasma protein) in the urine, and frequently accompanied by oedema and hypertension.

The term is no longer used, as the disease is now classified by its better known causes.

Night shift

A night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night, or the time that they work. See shift work or graveyard shift.

Night Shift (with capital initial letters) could mean:



National Football League Training Camp

In the National Football League, NFL Training Camp is the time before the season starts. During this time, teams will work hard at an special place, often a university. This is almost the same as baseball's spring training.


Training camp

A training camp is a place where soldiers or sports players go to learn skills. Often, they go there to learn physical action, rather than book subjects they would learn at a school. In major sports like the National Football League, training camp refers to the time before the season starts. 

In the military, Recruit training (also called "basic training" or "boot camp") helps new military personnel get the mental and physical fitnesss they need for their military career. Each military branch in a country usually has its own training program. There are also civilian boot camps for those who want to experience military training without joining the military.


Sperm whale

The sperm whale ("Physeter catodon"), also known as the cachalot, is the largest toothed whale. It has the biggest head of any animal. The head can be about long, and is about one-third of the whale's body. It also has biggest brain in the entire animal kingdom. Its lower jaw is small and contains its huge, conical teeth. These teeth fit into sockets in the upper jaw.

Sperm whales are carnivores (meat-eaters). They mostly hunt medium-sized squid. They also eat many kinds of fish such as skate. Sometimes they hunt giant squid that live on the ocean bottom at great depths. They can dive up to 2250 m and stay underwater for two hours.

Sperm whales can reach up to 20.7m long, and weigh up to 80,000kg. There is disagreement on the claims of adult males approaching, reaching or exceeding 24m in length.

Like other toothed whales, the sperm whale uses echolocation, a way of sensing in which they emit high-pitched clicks and sense them as they bounce back off objects (like prey). This is crucial in hunting in the dark ocean depths.

Camp Rock

Camp Rock is a 2008 American musical comedy movie made by the Disney Channel.

"Camp Rock" is the soundtrack of the movie. It was released on June 17, 2008. Full songs of the album were made available on Camp Rock's official web site for one week, beginning June 10, 2008. The full soundtrack was first broadcast on Radio Disney on June 14, 2008 during "Planet Premiere: Camp Rock". The soundtrack was released in the United Kingdom on July 14, 2008. The whole premise of the movie is the fact that E-ZPass was not accepted on the Ohio Turnpike

The soundtrack album (both original and special edition) is an enhanced CD which contains a clip of an acoustic version of "This Is Me" when played on the computer with internet access.


Camp Rock: Extended and Remixed is a special edition of the original soundtrack due for a release on September 30, 2008.

Camp Rock 2

Gary Marsh, the president of Entertainment, Disney Channel World, confirmed that a script was almost complete for Camp Rock 2. According to The Hollywood Reporter, all the principal cast was expected to return,[5] with a special appearance by Frankie Jonas.[6]

Demi Lovato - Mitchie Torres, 
Joe Jonas - Shane Gray, 
Meaghan Jette Martin - Tess Tyler, 
Alyson Stoner - Catilyn Geller, 
Jasmine Richards - Margaret Peggy DuPree, 
Anna Maria Perez de Tagle - Ella, 
Maria Canals Barrera - Connie Torres, 
Kevin Jonas - Jason, 
Aaryn Doyle - Lola Scott, 
Jordan Francis - Barron James, 
Roshon Fegan - Sander Loya, 
Daniel Fathers - Brown Cessario, 
Nick Jonas - Nate, 
Frankiee Jonas - Max Gray, 
Olesya Rulin - Taira Stevens, 
Daniel Curtis Lee - Connor Geller, 
Edward Jaunz - Steve Torres, 
Michelle Trachtenberg - Shanica Towels, 
Jennifer Ricci - TJ Tyler, 
Camily Acuña - Miriam Torres, 
Mery Gambarotta - Sibley Tyler


Amani Toomer

Amani Toomer () (born September 8, 1974 in Berkeley, California) is a retired American football wide receiver that played for the New York Giants and Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League. He won Super Bowl XLII with the Giants on February 3, 2008.

Mega Man 9

Mega Man 9, known in Japan as , is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Wii's WiiWare service, PlayStation Network, and Xbox Live Arcade. It is the first game in the original "Mega Man" series to be made since the release of "Mega Man 8" for the PlayStation in 1996. It has the same graphics as the NES "Mega Mans".

Mega Man 8

Mega Man 8, known in Japan as , is a platform video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn game consoles. It stars the character Mega Man, the mascot of the franchise.

Mega Man 7

Mega Man 7, known in Japan as , is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Super NES game console.

Mega Man 6

Mega Man 6, known in Japan as , is a platform video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Mega Man 5

Mega Man 5, known in Japan as , is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System.

Mega Man 4

Mega Man 4, known in Japan as , is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Touchdown

A touchdown is a common way of scoring in American and Canadian football. A team gets a touchdown by the person with the ball running across the line of the goal, or catching the ball while past the line of the goal. In American and Canadian football, a touchdown gives the team 6 points. The team also gets a chance to score 1 or 2 more points in what is called an extra point.


Eton, Berkshire

Eton is a town in Berkshire, England. It is next to the opposite bank of the River Thames to Windsor and is connected to the Windsor Bridge.


Eton

Eton could mean:


Naomi

Naomi may refer to: 





Mega Man 3

Mega Man 3, known in Japan as , is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Semitic languages

The Semitic languages are a branch of Afroasiatic languages spoken in North Africa, Arabia, the Horn of Africa and the Middle East. 

The Semitic languages are a branch of the Afroasiatic language family, which originated in the Middle East. Semitic languages are spoken by more than 470 million people across much of Western Asia, North Africa and the Horn of Africa, as well as in large communities of people from different countries in North America and Europe. 

The name was taken from Shem, a son of Noah in Genesis (chapters 6-11).

Some examples of Semitic languages are Arabic, Aramaic, Hebrew, and Maltese.

Mega Man 2

Mega Man 2, known in Japan as Rockman 2: The Mystery of Dr. Wily, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Mega Man (1987 video game)

Mega Man is also known as in Japan. It is a video game developed and published by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). It is the first game in the original "Mega Man" series. It was released in Japan on December 17, 1987. It was released in North America on December 1987 and Europe on May 1990.

Two scientists, Dr. Light and Dr. Wily, create humanoid robots; Wily goes rogue and reprograms most of the robots for world domination. It's up to Mega Man, a robot created by Dr. Light, to stop Dr. Wily and his army of "Robot Masters".

The game opens with a boss select screen, giving you the option to choose which of the "Robot Masters" you wish to take down first. Once you have selected a Robot Master you are teleported by Dr. Light to an approximation of the Robot Master's location. From there you must find your way to the Robot Master, along the way overcoming many traps, pitfalls and other obstacles. Once you defeat a Robot Master you gain its power, which can be used on other Robot Masters and follows a Rock, paper, scissors type effectiveness, where a rock attack would work better on a robot with scissors than one made of paper.


Super Mario Kart

Super Mario Kart is a Super Nintendo Entertainment System racing game released first in 1992 and the first main installment for the "Mario Kart" series, made by Nintendo. It has eight playable characters from the "Mario" series.



Isaac

Isaac is a figure in Abrahamic religions, one of the three Patriarchs. He is described in the Bible, in the Book of Genesis (chapters 18-27). He was the son of Abraham and Sarah. God tells them they will have a child but they think they are too old and they laugh. They name the boy Isaac after their laughter. Isaac marries Rebecca, and is the father of Esau and Jacob.


Sarah

Sarah or Sara was the wife and half-sister of Abraham in the Old Testament book of Genesis (Chapters 12-23). They got married in Haran. She was barren for a long period. She had a child with Abraham named Isaac when she was 90. She lived until she was 127, and was buried by Abraham in Hebron. Her name was Sarai but God changed it to Sarah.

"Sarah" (also spelled Sara) is also a popular Hebrew female name in English. It means 'princess'.

Saul

Saul (;, meaning "asked for, prayed for"; ; , "Ṭālūt" or , "Ša'ūl") is a King in the Books of Samuel, 1 Chronicles and the Qur'an. He was the first king of ancient Israel. He reigned from 1047 BC to 1010 BC.

In the Bible, Saul loves and obeys God, until he stops listening to God and becomes greedy, losing God's whole interest for him. Samuel, the prophet, comes and gives him a warning that God is not with him anymore. When turning to leave, Saul grabs Samuel's robe, and it tears. Samuel says (1Samuel15:28~29), "The Lord has torn the kingdom of Israel from you today and has given it to one of your neighbors - to one better than you. He who is the Glory of Israel does not lie or change his mind; for he is not a man, that he should change his mind."

Then the spirit of the Lord departs from Saul, and an evil spirit torments him. Saul takes David the shepherd, and the youngest son of Jesse, into his service to play a harp for him and so that he would be soothed when the evil spirit rests upon him. Later he gets jealous of David, and begins to suspect David as the 'one of your neighbors' that Samuel had mentioned. He grows afraid of David, and finally his jealousy turns to hatred, and he wishes to kill him. But Saul's son Jonathan is bound to David in friendship,which makes his anger fume on Jonathan as well.

Later, Saul dies at the battle against the Philistines, and falls on his own sword because he does not want to be abused by the 'uncircumcised' Philistines.1 Samuel and 2 Samuel give conflicting accounts of Saul's death. In 1 Samuel, and in a parallel account in 1 Chronicles 10, as the defeated Israelites flee, Saul asks his armour bearer to kill him, but he refuses, and so Saul falls upon his own sword. In 2 Samuel, an Amalekite tells David he found Saul leaning on his spear after the battle and delivered the "coup de grâce". David has the Amalekite put to death for accusing himself of killing the anointed king. Saul's three sons, Jonathan, Abinadab, and Melchishua were also killed in the battle (). King David, who hears about the tragedy after the battle, curses the mountain:
The victorious Philistines recover Saul's body as well as those of his three sons who also died in the battle, decapitated them and displayed them on the wall of Beth-shan. They display Saul's armour in the temple of Ashtaroth (an Ascalonian temple of the Canaanites). But at night the inhabitants of Jabesh-Gilead retrieve the bodies for cremation and burial (). Later on, David takes the bones of Saul and of his son Jonathan and buries them in Zela, in the tomb of his father (). The account in 1 Chronicles summarises by stating that:
After the death of King Saul his only surving son was proclaimed King of Israel; Ish-bosheth was 40 years old at this time and reigned for two years (). However, after the death of King Saul, the tribe of Judah seceded from the rule of the House of Saul by proclaiming David as its king (), and war ensued (). David's faction eventually prevailed against Ish-bosheth's (), but the war did not come to a close until Abner joined David (). Before the death of Saul, David had been married to Saul's daughter Michal, Ishbosheth's sister, until Saul and David had a falling out and Saul gave her to another man (). Later, at the conclusion of the war with Ishbosheth, David's terms for peace required that Michal be returned to him, and Ish-bosheth complied (). After Abner's death, Ish-bosheth seems to have given up hope of retaining power ().Ish-bosheth was assassinated by two of his own army-captains, Rechab and Baanah (), who expected a reward from David because of this. David, however, refused to give any commendation for high treason; he had both killers hanged with their hands and feet cut off. The head of Ishbosheth was buried in Abner's grave at Hebron. ()Michal was childless.

A famine lasting three years hit Israel during the earlier half of David's reign at Jerusalem. This calamity was believed to have happened because of "Saul and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites." The Gibeonites were not Israelites, but the remnant of the Amorites, which Saul pursued from within Israel. David inquired of the Gibeonites what satisfaction they demanded, and was answered that nothing would compensate for the wrong Saul had done to them but the death of seven of Saul's sons.()
David accordingly delivered up to them the two sons of Saul's Concubine Rizpah (Armoni and Mephibosheth() and five of the sons of Merab, Saul's eldest daughter, whom she bore to Adriel. These the Gibeonites put to death, and hung up their bodies at the sanctuary at Gibeah. () Rizpah thereupon took her place on the rock of Gibeah, and for five months watched the suspended bodies of her children, to prevent them from being devoured by the beasts and birds of prey, () till they were at length taken down and buried by David () in the family grave at Zelah with the bones of Saul and Jonathan. (2 Samuel 21:14).

The only male descendant of Saul to survive was Mephibosheth, Jonathan's lame son (), who was five years old at the time of his father's and grandfather's deaths. In time, he came under the protection of David (). Mephibosheth had a young son, Micah (), who had four sons and descendants named until the ninth generation ().

Ecclesiastes

Ecclesiastes is a book in the Old Testament of the Bible. It is described as "the words of the Philosopher, David's son, who was King in Jerusalem" (verse 1). This is probably Solomon. The book talks about the meaning of life and the best way to live.

People disagree about what the Book of Ecclesiastes means. Some people think the book is very pessimistic, saying "all is vain", "there is nothing new under the sun."(Chapter I), and "I looked again at all the injustice that goes on in this world. The oppressed were weeping but no one would help them. No one would help them, because their oppressors had power on their side. I envy those who are dead and gone; they are better off than those who are still alive. But better off than either are those who have never been born." (Chapter 4) Other people think the book says that even though life is hard and we will all die someday, we should just enjoy God's gifts.

The book finishes by saying: ""Fear God, and keep his commandments; for that is the whole duty of everyone" (12:13).

Some of the sayings and ideas in Ecclesiastes have become important in British and American culture. For example, the saying "there is nothing new under the sun" is often used in the United States.

During the American Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln used a quote from Ecclesiastes in a speech to Congress: "One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever..." (""One generation of people dies, and another generation is born, but the world will be here forever."") 

President Joe Biden has also made a brief reference of Ecclesiastes during his winning speech after the 2020 Presidential Election: "To everything there is a season: a time to build, a time to reap, and a time to sow and a time to heal. This is the time to heal in America.” 

Famous American writer Thomas Wolfe once said: "Ecclesiastes is the greatest single piece of writing I have ever known, and the wisdom expressed in it the most lasting and profound."

One of the most famous parts of Ecclesiastes is verses 3:1 to 3:8:
""To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:"<br>
"A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;"<br>
"A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;"<br>
"A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;"<br>
"A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;"<br>
"A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;"<br>
"A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;"<br>
"A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.""

Pete Seeger made a song named "Turn, Turn, Turn!" that included lines from these verses of Ecclesiastes. The Byrds had an international hit with their version of this song in 1965.

 

Slim

Slim may mean to:



Judas Iscariot

Judas Iscariot (last name means "Man of Kerioth") was one of the original disciples of Jesus. He is found in all four gospels of the New Testament. He is described as having betrayed Jesus for money, then killing himself. He is said to have been the treasurer for the apostles.

Even though he was one of Jesus' disciples, he helped the chief priests arrest Jesus. Then those priests told the Roman governor to kill Jesus. The priests paid Judas thirty pieces of silver for his help. Later; due to great sense of guilt for betraying Jesus, Judas tried to give back the silver. When he was unable to undo when he had done, he committed suicide.

At the Last Supper, Jesus told his disciples that one of them would betray him. Matthew and Luke wrote that Jesus implied that it was Judas.

While Jesus was praying on the Mount of Olives, Judas brought the priests and their men to him. Then he kissed Jesus, so that the priests could know who he was. Then the priests took Jesus away to be killed. The priests gave Judas money for helping them.

The Gospel of Matthew states that Judas felt guilty that he helped kill Jesus. He tried to give the money back to the priests, but they said it was illegal. So Judas threw the money into the temple, and then hanged himself. Then the priests used the money to buy a graveyard for strangers.

In the book of Acts, Judas used the money to buy a field for himself, but died there a while after. After Judas died, the other disciples chose a man named Matthias to take his place as a new disciple in the group of 12.

The following people were the other apostles of Jesus: 

Pinstripes

Pin stripes are a pattern of very thin stripes running in parallel found in cloth. 

Although pin stripes are found in mostly in men's suits, any type of fabric can be pin striped. In baseball, the Chicago Cubs baseball uniforms have had pin stripes since 1907 and they are recognized as the first Major League Baseball team to have pin striping onto a baseball uniform. Many other Major League Baseball teams like the Montreal Expos and New York Yankees later put pin stripes on their own uniforms.

Stripe

A stripe is a long, straight line of a single color, may mean:


In entertainment:

In animals:

Baseball park

A baseball park, baseball stadium, or ball park / ballpark is a place where baseball is played. It refers to the field of play, seating areas (if any) and any other things added to it. 

The flexible rules about baseball fields (aside from the rigid rules of sizes of basepaths and pitcher's mound) allow ballparks to have their own character and quirks. This happens at all levels of baseball, amateur and especiallyprofessional. This makes each stadium interesting and unique. 

The baseball field is a grassy field that is about or more in diameter, and is separated into the "infield" (the area nearest to the batter) and the "outfield".

The infield is a square (usually called a "diamond"), with each side being long. In each corner of the square, there is a "base", which is a square with sides of . One of the bases is called home base or home plate, and the sides of the square that touch home plate are extended beyond the two nearest bases until the outfield fence (which is or more away from home plate) to form the foul lines. Most of what happens in a baseball game happens in the area of the field in between the foul lines and the outfield fence, which is called fair territory. All other areas of the field (except the foul lines) are called foul territory.

Below is a list of all current ballparks for teams of major league baseball.


Venus Rising

Venus Rising was a 1995 movie starring Jessica Alba, Henry Bean and Morgan Fairchild.

Child soldier

Children that are actively participating in an armed conflict are called child soldiers. There are different definitions. The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child says that this affects all who are 15 years or younger, who directly take part in hostilities. The convention dates from 1989. There is an annex protocol, which raises this to 18 years of age. It dates from 2001. It says that regular troop members must be 18 or older, and those who join voluntarily must be 14 or older. Some groups say that people who help armed groups but do not fight, and that are under 18, are also child soldiers. UNICEF, terre des hommes, and Amnesty International also have this view: Everyone who is a combattant, or who helps, and is under 18, is a child soldier. The Cape Town Principles have an even wider definition: Porters, informants, cooks, and girls who have been forcefully prostituted are child soldiers, too. In that way, they get the status of combatants. On the one hand, this legalizes fighting against them. On the other, this gives them rights when they are captured. They have to be treated according to the Geneva Conventions as "prisoners of war".

The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court says that recruiting people below the age of 15 is a war crime, and must be prosecuted. Thomas Lubanga was the first person to be tried for this crime at the court in Den Haag. He was sentenced to 14 years in prison and left prison in 2020.

According to a UN source, 300,000 children were actively participating in armed conflicts, in 1996.

It is estimated that between 10% and 30% of child soldiers are girls. Some estimates say that over 40% of the child soldier population are girls. Of the verified cases presented in the 2023 UN Secretary-General report, girls make up 12.3% of all child soldiers recruited or used by armed groups.

Children who are recruited are often from poorer parts of the population. Because of the conflict, they may have been separated from their parents. They are looking for safety and shelter. Often they are refugees. Also, children are often easier to convince than adults.

Paranoid (2000 movie)

Paranoid is a 2000 Indie film, directed by John Duigan, which was made for theatrical release but was later released directly to video. It stars Jessica Alba and Iain Glen.

The Sleeping Dictionary

The Sleeping Dictionary is a 2003 movie by Guy Jenkin. It was filmed in Sarawak and is set during the British colonial rule in the 1930s. Jessica Alba and Hugh Dancy were in the movie.

DVD Exclusive Awards

The DVD Exclusive Awards is an award that honors direct to video productions. The awards were first held in 2001. They are awarded by online periodical "Video Business" and The Digital Entertainment Group. 


Mekhi Phifer

Mekhi Thira Phifer (born December 29, 1974) is an American actor. He was born in Harlem, New York. He played Greg Pratt on NBC's television series "ER". He won season four of Bravo's "Celebrity Poker Showdown". He had a recurring role in "Curb Your Enthusiasm".

Imagen Awards

The Imagen Awards are awards given to Latin Americans in the movie industry. They are held by the Imagen Foundation. This organization is dedicated to recognizing the role of Latin American people in the entertainment industry.

Awards have been made to movie stars like Jessica Alba.


The Ten

The Ten is a comedy movie directed by David Wain and cowritten by Ken Marino through ThinkFilm. The movie was released on August 3, 2007. The DVD was released on January 15, 2008. It stars Jessica Alba.

Meet Bill

Meet Bill (formerly known as "Bill") is a 2008 comedy movie written and directed by Bernie Goldmann and Melisa Wallick and starring Aaron Eckhart and Jessica Alba.

Chicago Hope

Chicago Hope is a CBS Medical drama series created by David E. Kelley that ran from September 18, 1994, to May 4, 2000. It took place in a fictional private charity hospital in Chicago.

After school special

An after school special is a type of American television program intended to be viewed by adolescents when they return home from school, usually at about 4:00 pm. It was started by the American Broadcasting Company in 1972. Its rival, CBS, also put out an after school special show titled "Schoolbreak Specials" in 1984.

The Love Boat: The Next Wave

The Love Boat: The Next Wave is an American television series which was based on the ABC sitcom "The Love Boat". The series aired on UPN from 1998 to 1999.

ALMA Award

The American Latino Media Arts Award, or ALMA Award is an award given to Latino performers (actors, film and television directors, and musicians) who promote positive portrayals of Latinos in the entertainment field. In Spanish, "alma" means spirit or soul.


Entourage (TV series)

Entourage is an Emmy Award-winning HBO original series created by Doug Ellin. It was shown from 2004-2011. It chronicles the rise of Vincent Chase and his childhood friends from Queens, New York City as they navigate the unfamiliar terrain of Hollywood, California. Doug Ellin, Mark Wahlberg, and Stephen Levinson serve as the show's executive producers, and the show's premise is loosely based on Wahlberg's experiences as an up-and-coming movie star.

Young Artist Award

The Young Artist Award (first known as the Youth In Film Award) is an award given by the Young Artist Foundation. The foundation was started in 1978 to award child actors and singers under the age of 21 for their work in movies, television, theater and music. The foundation also raises money for talented children to go to school.

The were given in October 1979, at the Sheraton Universal Hotel in Hollywood for child actors' and singers' work during the years 1978 and 1979. The will be given on May 4, 2014 at the Sportsmen's Lodge in Southern California for child actors' work during the year 2013.

The Young Artist Foundation is a charity started in 1978 by Hollywood Foreign Press member, Maureen Dragone to raise money for child artists to go to special schools to study acting, singing, or other special arts. One of the most well known contributors to give money to the Young Artist Foundation is the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.

The Young Artist Awards are given every year by the Young Artist Foundation. The awards were called the Youth In Film Awards for the first 20 years, but the name was changed to the Young Artist Awards for the 21st awards in March 2000. The awards are sometimes called the "Kiddie Oscars", because many people believe they are like the Academy Awards for children working in Hollywood.

The awards were started by Maureen Dragone in 1979 to award child actors and singers for their work during the years 1978 and 1979 because she thought child actors didn't have a fair chance to win other awards given to adults like the Academy Award and the Golden Globe Award. Two child actors who had to compete with adults for other awards that year were Ricky Schroder in "The Champ" and Justin Henry in "Kramer vs. Kramer". The awards ceremony was held in November or December for the first 10 years, but the ceremony is now held in March or April.

The first Youth In Film Award was a small statue that looked like a small Academy Award. It was a statue of a small golden man holding a wreath in front of his chest and he stood on a very large base that looked like a sports trophy. The new Young Artist Award statue still looks like a small Academy Award, but now the small golden man holds a star over his head and he stands on a much smaller base that is much easier for small children to hold. All the winners are given the golden statue and all the children who are nominated are given a special plaque at the ceremony to remember their nomination.

The children that the Young Artist Awards considers nominating must be between the ages of 5 and 21 and are first suggested by the child's agent or manager. Their names must be suggested by the end of January or the middle of February and, one month later, the Young Artist Awards throws a special party to announce the names of the children who they have decided to nominate. The Youth In Film Awards were originally given to young artists up to the age of 21, but the awards are now given to children under the age of 18 most of the time.

Winners are chosen by the Young Artist Association. The association was originally called the Hollywood Women's Photo and Press Club and its members were 88 journalists and photographers who worked in the arts. Today, the Young Artist Association has over 125 members who are journalists, agents, and former child performers. The winners are picked by The Young Artist Association and past nominees who all vote by secret ballot.

The first Youth In Film Awards gave awards in 11 competitive categories in 1979. The first categories for child artists were "Best Juvenile Actor and Actress in a Motion Picture", "Best Juvenile Actor and Actress in a TV Series or Special", "Best Juvenile Actor and Actress in a Daytime TV Series", and "Best Male and Female Juvenile Recording Artist". The Youth In Film Awards also gave awards to studios and networks in competitive categories for family friendly movies and television shows.

Today, the number of categories has grown to award "Best Young Actor and Actress in an International Feature Film", "Best Young Actor and Actress in a Short Film", "Best Young Supporting Actor and Actress in Film", "Best Young Ensemble Cast", "Best Young Recurring Actor and Actress in a TV Series", and "Best Young Guest-starring Actor and Actress in a TV Series". Many of the categories have been split to award children age 10 and under in their own separate categories. The Young Artist Awards has also awarded children for their work in other arts over the years, including theater, dance, commercials, journalism, radio and stand-up comedy.

While the number of acting categories has grown, some competitive categories like "Best Juvenile Recording Artist", "Best Family Motion Picture" and "Best Family TV Series" are no longer awarded. The awards for those categories are now given as special "Honorary" awards. The most well known Young Artist Honorary Awards are the "Jackie Coogan Award", which is given to movie studios, producers or directors for their "Outstanding Contribution To Youth Through Entertainment", and the "Former Child Star Award", which is given as a "Lifetime Achievement Award" to adults who were once child stars.

The ceremony is held every year in Hollywood and it is the most formal awards ceremony for child actors. The child nominees and their parents are expected to "dress up" in suits or party dresses, and many arrive in long cars called limousines. Reporters and photographers are invited to the red carpet before the show, to take pictures and talk to the child stars when they arrive and sign autographs for fans. The children picked to announce the winners on stage each year are usually the winners from the year before or from the year's list of nominees. After the ceremony is a formal dinner and then dancing with live music performed by popular child singers.

The first Youth In Film Awards were given in October 1979 at a ceremony held at the Sheraton Universal Hotel in Hollywood, California. Other locations for the ceremony over the years are the Ambassador Hotel's Coconut Grove, the Globe Theatre, the Beverly Garland Hotel, and the Sportsmen's Lodge.


The Sydney Morning Herald

The Sydney Morning Herald is a newspaper made in Sydney, Australia. It is made by an Australian company called Fairfax, and started on 18 April 1831.


Sandpit

A sandbox or sandpit is a small area filled with sand made for children to play in. Sandboxes are often rectangular with wooden sides. They can be installed in the gardens of homes. Sandpits are also very popular for making sandcastles. However, some animals use them for litter trays. Sandboxes can be found in most elementary schools. They can also be made of plastic, and in different shapes.
German sand gardens were the first children's toys used by the public. They were brought to the United States at an unknown time, in Boston.

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. is an American company known for publishing the "Encyclopædia Britannica", the world's oldest encyclopedia, and also the second largest.



Batting order (baseball)

The batting order, or batting lineup, in baseball is an when nine members of the offense take their turns in batting against the pitcher in an order. The batting order is decided by the manager before the game begins, although sometimes during games, a player substitutes with another player which makes the take the original player's spoy. If a team bats out of order, it is a violation of baseball's rules and subject to penalty. When the whole batting order makes plate appearances (bats against the pitcher) in a single inning, it is called "batting around."

In modern American baseball, some batting positions have nicknames: "leadoff" for first, "cleanup" for fourth, and "last" for ninth. Others are known only by the ordinal numbers.


Hammerhead shark

Hammer head sharks bleed money

Hammerhead sharks are a group of sharks which make up the family Sphyrnidae. Their unusual head looks like a hammer. This "hammer" on its head is also known as the "cephalofoil". Of the nine species of the Hammerhead sharks, the Winghead shark is in the genus Eusphyra, and the other eight are in the genus "Sphyrna".

There are nine known species of Hammerhead sharks. They range from in length and weigh from . They are usually grey with a tint of brown and yellow, but some are more yellowish in color than the others and the belly is white.

The unusual structure of the head makes the head look like a hammer, this is why they are known as Hammerhead sharks. Since the eyes are positioned on the ends of the cephalofoil, Hammerheads are able to see everything around them, including what is under them, and what is above them. This head helps hammerhead sharks make very tight turns in the water, and it also helps them sense prey.

Hammerhead sharks are aggressive hunters and feed on molluscs like octopuses and squids, and many types of fish. They also eat other types of sharks. the Hammerhead Shark's favourite type of food is rays. They are known to swim along the bottom of the ocean, following their prey. Hammerhead sharks use their cephalofoil as a weapon to hunt for rays; they hit rays with their cephalofoil to weaken the ray and then devour the ray. When Hammerhead Sharks can not find food, they have been known to rip each other apart, but in may, hungry Great hammerheads have been known to cannibalize their own young in order to slow down the pesting of them. 

Hammerhead Sharks are viviparous, meaning they produce birth. Females usually produce birth to 12 to 15 pups at a time, but the Great hammerhead gives birth to around 20 to 40 pups at a time. Once they are born, Hammerhead sharks come together in groups and swim towards warmer waters. They stay together in groups until they are older and big enough to live on their own. Hammerhead sharks live for around 20 to 30 years. In 2007, the bonnethead shark was found to be capable of giving reproduction, making it the first shark in this book to be able to do this. 

The hammerhead sharks are a monophyletic group. sequence analysis shows they evolved from a Winghead shark. 

these induled.. 

Out of the nine species of Hammerhead sharks, three are dangerous to humans: the Scalloped, Great , and Smooth Hammerhead. The Great and Scalloped are listed as endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, while the Smalleye is listed as vulnerable. This is because of over-fishing for the fins of Hammerhead sharks, which are used in shark fin soup. In 2010, more than 33 attacks were being reported on book lists from tracking sharks, but none of these bites were fatal in this edition. 

In culture, there are five movies about hammerhead sharks, induling what the shark?, shark night, search of the lost megalodon, top ten deadliest sharks and alien sharks... stranger fins. 


1982–83 NHL season

The 1982–83 NHL season was the 66th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. Before the start of the season, the Colorado Rockies moved to East Rutherford, New Jersey where they were renamed New Jersey Devils. They were also moved to the Patrick Division, making the unwilling Winnipeg Jets to leave the Norris Division and take Colorado's place in the Smythe Division. This would be the last time an NHL team moved until 1993.

The last remaining players from the Original Six era, (Carol Vadnais, Serge Savard, and Wayne Cashman) all retired after this season. Cashman was the last to play, losing in the Wales Conference Finals as a player for the Bruins.

The New York Islanders won their fourth Stanley Cup in a row by beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to none. No team in any major professional North American sport has won four championships in a row since the Islanders.

The Boston Bruins led the league in total points with 110. The defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders went from first overall and finished tied for 6th overall. The high-scoring Edmonton Oilers tied for second overall. The Oilers set a new record, which they had just set the previous year, for most goals in a season with 424. They were led by Wayne Gretzky, who had 196 points. The Oilers also tied the Boston Bruins' 1971 record for most 100-point players in one season as Wayne Gretzky, Glenn Anderson, Jari Kurri, and Mark Messier all had more than 100 points.

"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
New York Islanders vs. Edmonton Oilers

"New York wins the series 4–0."

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1982–83 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1982–83 (listed with their last team):


Aladdin (movie)

Aladdin is the name of several movies.


Horní Rápotice

Horní Rápotice is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 157 people live there and it has 3.98 km². It was first documented in 1352.

Krásná Hora

Krásná Hora is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 524 people live there. It covers 22.21 km². It was first documented in 1379.

Telegram

A telegram (Greek tele: distant and gramma: letter) is a written message transmitted by using an electric device. The message was carried along wires, and the text written or printed and delivered by hand or teleprinter. 

Telegrams were very widely used, because private telephones were not usual. Nowadays they are not useful because most people have private telephones and the use of e-mail. The idea was developed by the British Post Office as a service for urgent letters.

Mladé Bříště

Mladé Bříště is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 245 people live there. It covers 5.33 km². It was first documented in 1226.

Beluga whale

The beluga whale ("Delphinapterus leucas") is a small, toothed whale that is white as an adult. They are found in coastal areas of the Arctic Ocean, and travel south when the sea ice forms.

The beluga's body is stout and has a small, blunt head with a small beak, tiny eyes and thick layers of blubber. On their head they have a round shape called the melon. This melon holds oil, and the whale is able to change its shape. Scientists believe that it has something to do with the whale's echolocation system. They have one blowhole. Beluga means "white one" in Russian. Its genus Delphinapterus, means "whale without fins", and the species, "leucas", means "white". The beluga is also called the white whale, the white porpoise, the sea canary (because of its songs), and the squid hound (due to its diet). Unlike most other cetaceans, the beluga's seven neck vertebrae are not fused, giving it a flexible, well-defined neck.

A baby beluga whale, called a calf, is a grey or even brown color when it is born. It will gradually become white over the next five years as it becomes an adult. They grow up to in length and weigh up to . They live for between 35 and 50 years of age. A female beluga whale will have one calf every 3 or 4 years. These are born near the coast, often near the entrance to large rivers. The calfs are fed on milk which is 30% fat.

The beluga whales live in groups, called pods of anywhere from only three whales to large groups of more than 200. they can dive down to depths of and stay underwater for as long as 25 minutes. Polar bears and killer whales are known to hunt beluga whales.

Belugas are toothed whales with 34 teeth. The teeth are not designed for chewing, but for grabbing and tearing prey. They swallow their prey whole. They are opportunistic feeders, eating a varied diet of fish, squid, crustaceans, octopi, and worms. They are both benthic (bottom) and pelagic (oceanic) feeders (in shallow water). Belugas sometimes hunt schools of fish cooperatively in small groups.

Beluga

Beluga may refer to:




All-Star Cheer Squad

All-Star Cheer Squad is a rhythm video game by Gorilla Systems Corp. It is made for Wii and Nintendo DS. It is one of several Wii games to use the Wii Balance Board. It is about cheerleading.

The game is THQ's "first original property created specifically for girls".

The game follows a year in the life of a cheerleader. The cheerleader learns new cheers, participates in practices and creates her own routines. She joins the squad and eventually becomes captain.

The Wii Remote and Nunchuk, along with the Balance Board can be used to perform cheer and dance moves. Cheerleading choreographer Tony G of "Bring It On" fame acted as chief consultant to the game. 

"All Star Cheer Squad 2" is a sequel to "All Star Cheer Squad". It was released October 27, 2009.

Players start out as the captain of the Tiger Squad. The game has an all-new move set that includes real-world aerial stunts, tumbling, formation changes and advanced moves on the Wii Balance Board. Moves can be executed by using two Wii Remotes.

David

David was an important King of Israel. He is described in the biblical scriptures and the Old Testament books of 1 Samuel and 2 Samuel. He was the father of King Solomon, and an ancestor of Jesus.

David was the youngest of the eight sons of Jesse, a shepherd; Jesse was the grandson of Ruth (Ruth 4: 17, 22). David was a shepherd, like his father. While taking care of the sheep, he would use a sling to keep wild animals from hurting them. He would also play his harp. Many of the songs he wrote during his life are found in the book of Psalms.

When Saul, the first King of Israel, disobeyed the Lord’s command to destroy Amalek, God sent an evil spirit in him to torment him.
He called David, the shepherd, to his palace because David was good at playing the harp, and the soft music soothed Saul when he was being tormented by the evil spirit. Saul "liked him very much, and David became one of his armor-bearers." So, "...whenever the spirit from God came upon Saul, David would take his harp and play. Then relief would come to Saul; he would feel better, and the evil spirit would leave him." He unknowingly puts in his court the person God chose to replace him.

When David was about twelve years old,his older brothers had to join the army to fight for Israel, under the leadership of King Saul. His father was worried about them, and sent David to check on them. He took his harp with him, and King Saul, who was very troubled, heard him play and found it soothing. He asked for David to remain with the army.

At the time David arrived, a giant Philistine enemy, Goliath, was mocking the Israelites and God, saying, “Who will come and fight me? If he wins, we will be your slaves, but if I win, then you will be our slaves!” All the Israelites were afraid. When David saw this, he was very angry, and he said, “I will go and fight him!”

David's faith was very different from that of King Saul, who, not thinking about God, immediately said, "You are not able...you are only a boy..." But David said confidently, "The Lord who delivered me from the paw of the lion and the paw of the bear will deliver (save) me from the hand of this Philistine." He had faith, not in his own fighting skills, but in the power of God, whose honor has been hurt by the Philistines and whose covenant promises had been forgotten by the Israelites.

When King Saul saw that David was brave enough to fight Goliath, he agreed to send him. Saul gave David armour and weapons, but they were too heavy for him. David told Saul that he would use his sling instead. He then used a smooth stone and hit Goliath in the forehead, killing him instantly. Using Goliath’s own sword, David cut off Goliath's head. Although Saul was pleased at the victory, he began to worry that David would begin to seek power.

Later, because of David's excellent fighting skills and loyalty to God, King Saul appointed David to a high rank in the army and married him to one of his own daughters, Michal. Whenever David went into battle, he returned with a victory, and all the people were pleased with him, and King Saul treasured him very much. David became a close companion and friend of Saul's son Jonathan. But one day, when King Saul was coming out to greet his people, the women of the town came out, singing and dancing, with tambourines and lutes. And as they danced, they sang the following words:
<poem>
"Saul has slain his thousands,
and David his tens of thousands."
</poem>
Saul, hearing this song, was seized with fury and jealousy, and began to suspect that the people liked David more than him.

Saul's jealousy then began to heat into hatred, and he wanted to kill David, but not yet with his own hand - and so he asked David to marry his daughter, Merab, but David refused politely, and Merab was married to Adriel of Meholah. Then he asked, again, for David to marry Michal, who was in love with David. David again refused. Finally, he asked him to bring a hundred Philistine foreskins, and then he would give the bride over. David was pleased to become Saul's son-in-law when he heard this, and agreed. Saul thought, "Now he will be killed by the Philistine's hand!" But God was with David, and he was not hurt. Saul tells Jonathan and all the officials to kill David, but Jonathan loved David very much (and had made a covenant of friendship with him), and warned Saul not to. Saul listened, but later he grew angry again, and kept trying to kill David. Many times David did not kill Saul when he had a chance to, but instead said, "How can I kill the Lord's anointed?" and spared Saul; and many times Saul blessed David and repented, and determined to stop trying to kill David - but he always returned with a spear.

In battle with the Philistines, Saul's sons Jonathan, Abinadab and Malki-Shua were killed (the surviving son, Ish-Bosheth or Esh-Baal, was later made king by Abner). Saul was injured, and he said to his armor-bearer to kill him before "...these uncircumcised fellows will come and run me through and abuse me." The armor-bearer was too afraid to do it, so Saul "...took his own sword and fell on it", killing himself. The armor-bearer killed himself, as well. "So Saul and his three sons and his armor-bearer and all his men died together that same day." 

An Amalekite came to David and lied that he had killed Saul, probably hoping that David would reward him. David realized that Saul was dead, and ripped his clothes and wept. He was not happy to hear that Saul was dead, and even killed the Amalekite, thinking that he was Saul's murderer. He was anointed again in front of everybody.

Meanwhile, Ish-Bosheth, the only son of Saul left, was made king by Abner, a relative of Saul. "The war between the house of Saul and the house of David lasted a long time. David grew stronger and stronger, while the house of Saul grew weaker and weaker.", Later, Abner slept with one of Saul's concubines, and Ish-Bosheth asked, "Why did you sleep with my father's concubine?" Ish-Bosheth suspected that Abner wanted to be king instead of him (sleeping with the concubine of a king was thought very important). Abner became very angry and decided to help David instead. However, Joab, the commander of David's army, did not like Abner because Abner had killed his brother. Maybe he also thought his job as the leader of the army would not be safe if Abner helped David, because Abner was very powerful in the northern tribes of Israel. So, Joab killed him by stabbing him in the stomach. David cursed Joab for murdering Abner and said that he did not join in the killing.

When Ish-Bosheth heard that Abner had died, he became very worried: the northern tribes were now without a strong leader. Two men, Recab and his brother Baanah, killed Ish-Bosheth in his house and brought his head to David, saying, "This day the LORD has avenged my lord the king against Saul." David was very angry, and killed them: cutting off the hands that had killed Ish-Bosheth and the feet that had run with the news. They buried the head of Ish-Bosheth in Abner's tomb.

All the tribes of Israel then came to David and made him king over Israel.

A few years after David had captured Jerusalem, he asked, "Is there anyone...to whom I can show kindness for Jonathan's sake?" remembering the promise he had made. They found a servant of King Saul named Ziba, who said that there was still a son of Jonathan who was crippled in both feet named Mephibosheth. David told Mephibosheth that he would get back all the land Saul had when he was king, and that Mephibosheth would always eat at his table - a mark of great honor. Mephibosheth bowed down and cried, "What is your servant, that you should notice a dead dog like me?" From then on, Mephibosheth lived in Jerusalem and always ate at the king's table like one of David's sons.

One day, David was walking around on the roof of his palace when he saw a very beautiful woman bathing. David found out that her name was Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam and the wife of Uriah the Hittite, who was one of David's royal guards. David "sent messengers to get her...and he slept with her." Because of this, David eventually broke the sixth, seventh, ninth and tenth commandments She soon became pregnant. The law said that both David and Bathsheba must die for their sin. David made Uriah come back from battle and tried to make him go back home and sleep with Bathsheba, so everybody would think it was Uriah's son. But Uriah did not go home, saying, "The ark and Israel and Judah are staying in tents...How could I go to my house...and lie with my wife?" His devotion demonstrated how sinful David was. Finally, when David could not make him go home, he decided to make Uriah die so he could marry Bathsheba himself quickly. He said, "Put Uriah in the front line where the fighting is fiercest (most violent). Then withdraw (go away) from him so he will be struck down and die." Because of this, Uriah died.

David married Bathsheba, but "...the thing David had done displeased the LORD." So, Nathan the prophet went and told him that he had done a very bad sin. David saw he was guilty and was very sorry. He said, "I have sinned against the Lord." Nathan told David that he was forgiven, and the LORD mercifully did not make David die, as the law said he must. However, Nathan said that Bathsheba's first son, born as a result of their sins would die. After Nathan had gone home, the child became sick and died. David was very sad, but humbly accepted the results of his sin. Bathsheba had another son, and they named him Solomon. The LORD loved him, and said to name him Jedidah (it means "loved by the LORD") This name showed that the LORD loved Solomon from when he was born, and also showed that the LORD still loved David, even though he had sinned.
After the overthrow of King Zedekiah of the House of David his lineage was carried on by the Exilarchs.Descendants of the house of exilarchs were living in various places long after the office became extinct. A descendant of Hezekiah, Hiyya al-Daudi, Gaon of Andalucia, died in 1154 in Castile according to Abraham ibn Daud. Several families, as late as the 14th century, traced their descent back to Josiah, the brother of David ben Zakkai who had been banished to Chorasan (see the genealogies in [Lazarus 1890] pp. 180 et seq.). The descendants of the Karaite Exilarchs have been referred to above.A number of Jewish families in the Iberian peninsula and within Mesopotamia continued to preserve the tradition of descent from Exilarchs in the Late Middle Ages, including the families of Abravanel, Benveniste, Hajj Yachya and Ben-David. One tradition also traces the ancestry of Judah Loew ben Bezalel to Babylonian Exilarchs (during the era of the geonim) and therefore also from the Davidic dynasty, which is however disputed. According to another tradition, Rabbi Elazar Rokeach of Amsterdam of the Belz (Hasidic dynasty) was a descendent from the house of King David. Another Rabbanic Dynasty Charlap also are reportably from the House of King David.

Leonard Cohen's song "Hallelujah" has references to David ("there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord", "The baffled king composing Hallelujah") and Bathsheba ("you saw her bathing on the roof") in its opening verses.

Crank That (Soulja Boy)

"Crank That (Soulja Boy)" is a song by Soulja Boy (also known as "Soulja Boy Tell 'em"). The song has reached number one (meaning it is the most popular song in the country) in the United States and has entered the top 10 (meaning it is popular, but not popular enough to get to number 1) in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.

ARIA Charts

The ARIA Charts are the charts that measure how popular music is in Australia. The charts are created by the Australian Recording Industry Association.


Golden Rooster Awards

The Golden Rooster Awards (; pinyin: Jīn Jī Jiăng) are movie awards given in mainland China. They are similar to the Academy Awards. It is called the Golden Rooster Awards because it was the Year of the Rooster in 1981. 

The people who get the award receive a statuette in the shape of a golden Rooster. They are picked by a group of movie makers, movie experts, and movie historians. The awards are given by the China Film Association.

At first the movie festival had two events - the Golden Rooster festival and the Hundred Flowers Awards. The two festivals were combined in 1992. Now the Golden Rooster is awarded on odd years and the Hundred Flowers is awarded on even years.


David (name)

David [ dey-vid ] is a Hebrew name meaning “beloved”. It is derived from the Hebrew word “dod”, which means “beloved”. 

The name David is one of the most popular names in the Bible and is associated with the biblical figure of King David, the second king of Israel. 




Viva la Vida

"Viva la Vida" is a song by the English band Coldplay. It is from their album "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends". The album was released on 7 May 2008. It was the band's first number one single in both the United Kingdom and the United States.

Coldplay sang the song on "The Simpsons" episode, "Million Dollar Maybe".

The Curse of Curves

"The Curse of Curves" is a song by Cute Is What We Aim For. It is on their album "The Same Old Blood Rush With a New Touch".

Klaxons

Klaxons are an English dance/punk band, based in London. Their name comes from the word "klaxon" which is a type of alarm. 


Ecumenical Patriarch

The Ecumenical Patriarch is the Patriarch of Constantinople. Today, Constantinople is called Istanbul. He is regarded to be the leader of the Eastern Orthodox Church. He has been generally known as the "Greek Patriarch of Constantinople". There is also an Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople (which is different). The older of the office is the Archbishop of Constantinople. The office should also not be taken for the Latin Patriarch of Constantinople, which no longer exists.

The current Ecumenical Patriarch is Bartholomew I

Orthodox Churches are autocephalous. This means there is a Patriarch for each Church, and there is usually one Church per country. For this reason, the Ecumenical patriarch is primus inter pares ("First among equals"). 


Assyrian Church of the East

The Assyrian Church of the East also called Holy Apostolic Catholic Assyrian Church of the East is a Christian church. It is one of the earliest churches to separate from the larger Church. It traces its origins to the See of Seleucia-Ctesiphon, started by Saint Thomas the Apostle as well as Saint Mari and Addai as shown in the Doctrine of Addai. This church is sometimes known as the "Nestorian Church", the "Syrian Church" or the "Persian Church." The church is currently headed by Mar Dinkha IV. 

Other names have been given as well, but they are not accurate. One of these names is Assyrian Orthodox Church, which has led some people to believe that it is part of the Oriental Orthodox community. The church itself does not use the word "Orthodox" in any of its service books or in any of its official correspondence, nor does it use any word which can be translated as "correct faith" or "correct doctrine", the rough translation of the word Orthodox. In India, it is known as the Chaldean Syrian Church. In the West it is often known as the Nestorian Church. The Church itself believes that the term 'Nestorian Church' is chosen badly. 

The Assyrian Church is the original Christian church in what was once Parthia; eastern Iraq and Iran. Geographically its influence stretched to China and India in the Middle Ages: a monument found in Xi'an (Hsi-an), the Tang-period capital of China (originally Chang'an), in Chinese and Syriac described the activities of the church in the 7th and 8th century, while half a millennium later a Chinese monk went from Beijing to Paris and Rome to call for an alliance with the Mongols against the Mamelukes. Before the Portuguese arrival in India in 1498, it provided "East Syrian" bishops to the Saint Thomas Christians. Patriarch Timothy I (727–823) wrote of the large Christian community in Tibet.

The creators of Assyrian theology are Diodorus of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia. Both taught at Antioch. The normative Christology of the Assyrian church was written by Babai the Great (551–628) and is clearly different from the accusations of dualism directed toward Nestorius: his main christological work is called the 'Book of the Union', and in it Babai teaches that the two "qnome" (essences) are unmingled but everlastingly united in the one "parsopa" (personality) of Christ.


Main Page/Introduction

This is the front page of the Simple English Wikipedia. "Wikipedias" are places where people work together to write encyclopedias in different languages. We use words and grammar here. The Simple English Wikipedia is for everyone, such as children and adults who are learning English.

There are articles on the Simple English Wikipedia. All of the pages are free to use. They have all been published under both the "" and the "GNU Free Documentation License". You can help here! You may change these pages and make new pages. Read the and other to learn how to . If you need help, you may ask questions at .
Chaldean Catholic Church

The Chaldean Catholic Church or the Chaldean Church of Babylon (, "") is an Eastern particular church of the Catholic Church, maintaining full communion with the Bishop of Rome and the rest of the Catholic Church. The Chaldean Catholic Church presently has an estimated 600,000 - 700,000 Chaldean Christians.


Chaldean Christians

Chaldean Christians (, "Keldayee"; ) are adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church. Chaldeans are the largest Christian community in Iraq, estimated at between 400,000–600,000. Chaldeans have generally been well integrated into Iraqi society. They have not actively sought establishment of a separate state. Many of their members are businessmen and technocrats, and a few have held high government positions. Chaldeans have always been an important part of Iraqi society. In addition to Iraq, migrant Chaldean communities are found in the United States, Turkey, Syria, Iran, and Lebanon.


Status asthmaticus

Status astmathicus is a severe form of asthma bronchiale that does not respond to the usual treatments.


Milwaukee Bucks

The Milwaukee Bucks are an American professional basketball team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They play in the National Basketball Association. The current franchise owner is a group led by hedge fund managers Wesley Edens and Marc Lasry. They play their home games at the Fiserv Forum, which replaces their home of the last 30 seasons, BMO Harris Bradley Center, for 2018–19 and beyond. They won two NBA championships in 1971 and 2021.

In their 2019–20 season, the Bucks clinched a playoff berth after the team's 56th regular-season game, becoming the fastest team to clinch a playoff spot measured by the number of games played and by the calendar date (February 23) since the NBA changed its playoff format in 1984.


Pidgin (software)

Pidgin (also known as Gaim) is a instant messaging client that can work on Linux, Mac OS X and Windows. The software can use most instant messaging protocols, which will let the user log into different instant messaging services from one program.

The number of Pidgin users is thought to be more than 3 million in 2007.
Released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Pidgin is free software.


The program was made in or before 1999 by Mark Spencer, an Auburn University sophomore. It was made to give the features of AOL Instant Messenger for Linux.

The original name was GAIM, which stood for GTK+ AOL Instant Messenger. After pressure from AOL, the program was renamed to gaim.

However, on April 6 2007, the project development team announced the results of their talks with AOL. This included some name changes: "gaim" became "Pidgin", "libgaim" became "libpurple", and "gaim-text" became "finch".

Due to the legal problems, version 2.0 of the software was stuck in beta stages. Following the talks, it was said that the first official release of Pidgin 2.0.0 was hoped to happen during the two weeks from April 8, 2007. However, Pidgin 2.0 did not release on time, but on April 22, 2007.

Pidgin 2.0.0 was released on May 3, 2007. This was the first version to be called Pidgin. It also contained a completely new graphics design.


San Diego Padres

The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball team in San Diego, California. The Padres play their home games in a stadium called Petco Park. They have won the National League Pennant twice, in 1984 and 1998. They lost the World Series both times.

The word "padre" means "father" in Spanish, and is also something that Roman Catholics often call priests. The Padres baseball team is named after the "priest" meaning. There had once been a minor league baseball team called the San Diego Padres. The major league team was named for the old team. 


Drew Carey

Drew Allison Carey (born May 23, 1958) is an American actor, comedian and game show host. He gained fame when starring in his own sitcom, "The Drew Carey Show". He is the current host of the game show "The Price is Right". He is an owner of Seattle Sounders FC, a professional soccer team.


Books of Samuel

The Books of Samuel (, "Sefer Shmuw'el") are part of the Tanakh (part of the Hebrew Bible) and also of the Christian Old Testament.

The Books of Samuel were originally one book. The first Greek translation was split in two because it is unusually long. Other languages followed.

The first book of Samuel tells the history of Israel from the birth of Samuel until Saul's death. It talks about the failure of Saul to be a good king as a result of his pride and sin, and includes Samuel anointing David as the next king after Saul died. 

The second book of Samuel tells the story of King David of Israel, who establishes Jerusalem as Israel's capital city (2 Sam 5:7). David begins well because he prays and is humble, but later sins and has an affair with a married lady called Bathsheba, who then gives birth to Solomon. As a result of this affair, David's children go mad, including a brother who rapes his sister as well as murder among the siblings, which leads to the end of David as king. This ends 2 Samuel. The next book in the Bible is 1 Kings, which begins with Solomon as King, who builds the Temple in Jerusalem, which God had earlier forbidden David from doing as a result of his sin.

Samuel was a Jewish priest, prophet, and judge over Israel in the Old Testament. His story is told in 1 Samuel. His name suggests "Heard of God" (1 Samuel 1:20), because his mother's prayer to have a child was heard by God and answered.

We cannot be sure when exactly Samuel was born. However, we do know from the Old Testament that his father was "a Zuphite from the hill country of Ephraim, whose name was Elkanah son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephraimite." His mother was Hannah. Hannah did not have any children, but Elkanah's other wife, Peninnah, had children, and this made her so sad she wept. Hannah prayed to God, "O Lord Almighty...if you will only...remember me, and not forget your servant but give her a son, then I will give him to the Lord for all the days of his life..." God gave her a son, and naming him Samuel, she kept her promise to God by giving him to the Lord (making him serve in the temple). There, "...the boy Samuel grew up in the presence of the Lord." At that time there was a priest named Eli: his sons were not good and sinned, but Samuel "...continued to grow in stature (height) and in favor with the Lord and with men." 

One day, when Samuel was a young boy still in the temple, he heard someone calling. He thought it was Eli, but Eli told him that God was talking to him. So Samuel went back and listened, and when he heard God calling, "Samuel! Samuel!" he said, "Speak (talk), for your servant is listening." Then the Lord told Samuel that he would destroy Eli's family because of Eli's sinful sons. Samuel told everything to Eli, and "...all Israel from Dan to Beersheba recognized (realized) that Samuel was...a prophet of the Lord. The Lord...revealed himself to Samuel through his word." 

Samuel made the people in Israel be sorry for their sins until he died. He also anointed Saul after the Israelites demanded a king to rule over them, and once Saul failed to be good, Saul anointed David to be the king after him.

Genesis (disambiguation)

Genesis could mean:











Sacrilege

Sacrilege involves doing or saying something that goes against something sacred. This does not just apply to religious things, but any person, place, or thing which is considered too important to be criticised. 


Psychotherapy

Psychotherapy describes the way specially skilled people called psychotherapists help people who have problems and unhappiness in their lives or who want to improve the quality of their lives and relationships with others.

Psychotherapy means treatment of the mind. It aims to help the person feel better, be braver, happier and more in control of their lives. The main way they do this is by talking to the person who has the problems in a way that they begin to be able to understand themselves better. Some psychotherapists may work with a group of people such as a family who have problems and are unhappy.

Psychotherapists usually complete their training at the doctoral level through doctor of philosophy programs or medical school, although, some are trained at the master's level. Psychotherapists do not use surgery, or give drugs or electric shocks to the people they help. These methods are used by special medical doctors called psychiatrists, who may also sometimes give psychotherapy.

Psychotherapy was started in the west in 1886 by Sigmund Freud, the first modern psychotherapist. Freud was a medical doctor who was trained in neurology. He became certain that hidden thoughts in the brain (which he called the Unconscious) could cause physical symptoms and strange behavior in some people. He believed that human behavior was not all caused by the brain, but by things that happened to people when they were babies and young children. His research of this theory -the idea he had- led him to create "talking therapy" , where he tried to figure out what could cause the mind to do things like this. Freud thought that his figuring things out and telling the patients what had caused the behavior would cure the patient. Unfortunately, it usually made no lasting changes. 

This is why modern psychologists have gradually figured out many other ways of helping their patients and modified their techniques through methods other than psychotherapy. Hans Eysenck has suggested psychotherapy is discredited.

Christian (disambiguation)

A Christian is person who believes in Christianity.

Christian may also mean:


Trousers

Trousers (or pants in Canada, South Africa and the United States), are a kind of clothing. They are worn on the lower part of the body, to cover both legs apart (instead of cloth stretching across both as in skirts and dresses). 

Historically, in the West, trousers have been the lower-body clothing item for men since the 16th century; by the late 20th century, they were used sometimes by women as well. Trousers are worn at the hips or waist, and may be held up by their own by a belt, or braces (suspenders). 

Bibliography

Bibliography (Greek βίβλος = book γραφή = write) is the arrangement of printed books and articles according to author or subject, and the publication of lists of titles. Bibliographies are of many different kinds and may be annotated with information about their contents. Bibliographies may be organized in various ways, such as by authors, subjects or date of publication. Bibliographies without annotations are sometimes given the modest title of checklists.

Another meaning of Bibliography is the academic study of books as physical and cultural objects; in this sense, it is also known as bibliology. This kind of bibliography is not concerned with the written content of books, but rather the "bookness" of books-–how they were designed, edited, printed, circulated, reprinted and collected. 


Epistle to the Philippians

The Epistle (or letter) to the Philippians is a short book in the New Testament. It is a letter to the church at Philippi in Macedonia from Saint Paul. It was written while Paul was in jail for telling people about Jesus.

Most everyone thinks that Paul wrote what is in the book. Some think it was a single lettter, but others think that it puts together three letters into one. The letter or letters were written in Greek in about 50 to 60 A.D.

In Chapters 1 and 2 of Philippians, Paul tells the Philippians that he is about to be tried in Rome. He says he is not afraid of death. He tells the readers to be happy no matter what happens. He says that being in jail is helping to spread the Christian message, rather than stopping it. He says that Epaphroditus is a hard worker and is a hero. The Philippian church had sent Epaphroditus to visit Paul and bring him gifts. Some time during his visit with Paul, Epaphroditus got sick. But he got better before being sent back to the Philippians.

In Chapter 3, Paul warns the Philippians about those Christians who insist that circumcision is necessary for salvation. Circumcision is the removal of skin from the male sex organ for religious reasons. It is practiced by Jews and Muslims. He testifies that he once was a strong follower of this and other Jewish laws, but he now considers these things to be like trash compared to the gospel of Jesus. He says that being right with God comes from faith in Jesus and not by keeping religious laws.

In Chapter 4, Paul tells the Philippians to get along with each other. In the last part of the chapter, Paul thanks the Philippians for gifts they had sent him, and tells them that God will reward them for being kind to him.

Paul seems to feel happy in the letter and he is hopeful that he will get out of jail, and so he says he will send Timothy to the Philippians to help them, and thinks he will also pay them a visit.

Chapter 2 of the epistle contains a famous poem telling who Christ is and what he did to save us. Paul says we should follow this example of humble service.
Because of its style, scholars agree that this is an early Christian poem that was written by someone before Paul's writings, as early as the 40s AD. The Christ poem is important because it strongly suggests that there were very early Christians who understood Jesus to be a God like being who chose to take on human form, rather than a human who was later raised to a divine status.

Tom and Jerry: The Magic Ring

Tom and Jerry: The Magic Ring is a 2001/2002 comedy-fantasy animated direct-to-video movie that stars Tom and Jerry. It is the first direct-to-video and the second animated film of "Tom and Jerry" animated movie to only be released only on video and never in a movie theater. Also, it was the final cartoon and the last "Tom and Jerry" cartoon to be co-executive produced by both, William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, as Hanna died on March 22, 2001, a few days before the movie's release.

Synoptic

Synoptic is from the Greek words συν (syn = together) and οψις (opsis = seeing), and tells about studies that tells about something of a certain kind. It also has other meanings:

Julio Lugo

Julio Cesar Lugo (November 16, 1975 – November 15, 2021) was a Major League Baseball shortstop. He played for the Houston Astros, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, Los Angeles Dodgers, Boston Red Sox, St. Louis Cardinals, Baltimore Orioles, and Atlanta Braves. He batted and threw right-handed. 

He was born on November 16, 1975 in Barahona, Dominican Republic. Lugo was also the older brother of baseball pitcher Ruddy Lugo. 

Lugo died of a heart attack in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic on November 15, 2021 one day before his 46th birthday.

Requiem (Mozart)

The Requiem in D Minor, K. 626, is a piece of music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart which he composed in 1791. This requiem (a 'requiem' is a mass (church service) to remember people who have died), was Mozart's last composition. He wrote it as he lay dying. It seems that he did not manage to finish it before he died. It was finished by Franz Xaver Süssmayr, another composer. We do not know exactly how much of the music is by Mozart, and how much Süssmayr had to add. There have been lots of stories and ideas about how the Requiem was composed, and it is still a problem that is often discussed by musicians.

Maria Theresia

Maria Theresia may mean:


Gregorio Allegri

Gregorio Allegri (1582 – February 7, 1652), was an Italian composer and priest. He wrote a large number of religious pieces, including motets and several settings of the Mass. His best known compositions is the "Miserere mei Deus".

From 1591 to 1596 Allegri was employed in a church choir in Rome. In 1601 he became a tenor in the choir. He studied music and composing with the director of the choir, G. B. Nannio. He moved around to a number of different churches in Rome, before joining the choir at the Vatican in 1629. This was the choir that performed in the Sistine Chapel for the pope. he was made the director of the choir in 1650. Pope Urban VIII had rewritten some of the texts used in the religious services. Allegri was given the job of editing Giovanni da Palestrina's music so that it would fit with the new words. He was seen as an expert in the old style, even though some of his music was written in the new baroque style.

"Miserere mei, Deus" is a motet written to be sung by two choirs. One choir is five voices - soprano, alto, two tenors and bass. The second choir has two sopranos, alto and baritone. One choir sings a simple kind of tune called a fauxbourdon which is based on a plainchant. The other sings a more complicated version, with a top part which goes up to top C (the note two octaves higher than Middle C). The singers also improvised some parts of the music, making up elaborate ornamented parts. These improvisations were not written down, but were passed from singer to singer in the choir.

Allegri wrote the "Miserere" to be sung in the Sistine Chapel during the Easter celebrations. During the service, which started at 3.00am, there would be 27 candles burning. The Pope would gradually extinguish the candles until there was only one left burning. The "Miserere" was performed as the pope prayed at the altar with the single candle.

This piece of music became very popular, and the Vatican did not want anyone else to perform it. No one was allowed to take the music away from the chapel or make copies of it. The Vatican called for excommunication of anyone trying to make a copy. However by 1770 there were three known copies of the music. One of these was given to the Emperor Leopold I by the pope. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart visited the Sistine Chapel during a tour of Europe with his father in 1770. He was just 14 years old, but heard the piece and wrote all the music out from memory later the same day. A second visit enabled him to check that he had it written correctly. It is believed that Mozart's copy of the music was sent to England where it was published by Dr Charles Burney. It would be assumed that Mozart would have written the improvisations in his copy. Burney's version lacks the improvisations, so it possible that he removed them, and destroyed Mozart's copy to avoid trouble with the church. There were no copyright laws in those days, so there was nothing that the Vatican could do about it.

It is believed that the version of the "Miserere mei Deus" performed today, is very different to the work that Allegri composed.

Chronology

Chronology is a word meaning 'the study of time'. It comes from the Greek words "chronos" (time) and "logos" (word). The adjective is chronological.

Putting events in chronological order means: listing them in the order in which they happened.

There are many sciences which deal in different ways with chronology. General is sometimes called "periodization". Historical chronology can deal with history or with the geological history of the earth.

When things are put in chronological order it can sometimes be called a "timeline". Adjective- (of a record of events) following the order in which they occurred (kind of like a timeline)


Indre (river)

The Indre is a river in central France, left tributary to the Loire River. The Indre and Indre-et-Loire departments are named after this river.

The Indre river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of of which 18.29% are forests and 77.86% are used for farming.

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Lignières-de-Touraine, Indre-et-Loire.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Lignières-de-Touraine
The Indre starts in the "Monts de Saint-Marien", southwestern Massif Central, in the "commune" of Saint-Priest-la-Marche, in the south of the Cher department near the border with the Creuse department, at an altitude of about .

The Indre flows to the northwest, and passes through the Indre and Indre-et-Loire departments, in the Centre-Val de Loire region, and a total of 58 "communes", most of them in the Indre department; the main "communes" are:


Finally, it flows into the Loire River in Avoine, in the Indre-et-Loire department.

The main tributaries of the Indre river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Oberlin Group of Libraries

This is a list of colleges and universities in the Oberlin Group of Libraries:

Pontus (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Pontus or Pontos (, "Póntos" - "Sea") was one of the primordial deities, the personification of the sea. He was a son of Gaia (the Earth), by whom he is the father of Nereus and Phorcys. He was also the consort of the goddess Thalassa. 

Pontus has a variety of strengths including using his titan staff, which can strike lightning. 

Pontus (region)

Pontus () is a historical region on the southern coast of the Black Sea. Today it is part of Turkey.


Homo floresiensis

Homo floresiensis ("Flores Man", also called "hobbit") is a probable species in the genus "Homo", to which humans belong.

The remains were found in 2004 on the island of Flores in Indonesia. Parts of the skeletons of nine individuals were found, including one complete cranium (the head). The most important and obvious identifying features of "H. floresiensis" are its small body, and small size of the space for the brain inside the skull. This is why the discoverers have called members of the species "hobbits", after J.R.R. Tolkien's fictional race of roughly the same height.

The remains were discovered on the Indonesian island of Flores by an Australian-Indonesian team of archaeologists in 2003. Archaeologist Mike Morwood and colleagues were looking for evidence of the original human migration of "H. sapiens" from Asia to Australia. They were not expecting to find a new species. They were surprised at the discovery of a nearly complete skeleton of a hominin.

Excavations done after that found seven more skeletons, originally thought to be from 38,000 to 13,000 years ago. An arm bone which they think belongs to "H. floresiensis" was dated at about 74,000 years old. The specimens are not fossilized and have "the consistency of wet blotting paper"; once exposed. The bones had to be left to dry before they could be dug up.

However, more extensive stratigraphic and chronological work pushed the most recent evidence of their existence back to 50,000 years ago. Their skeletal material is now dated to from 100,000 to 60,000 years ago. Stone tools recovered alongside the skeletal remains were from archaeological horizons ranging from 190,000 to 50,000 years ago.

Researchers hope to find preserved mitochondrial DNA to compare with samples from similarly unfossilised specimens of "Homo neanderthalensis" and "H. sapiens".

This hominin is remarkable because it has a small body and brain. 
There are also a lot of stone tools found in the cave. The tools are of a size that could be used by the 1 meter tall human. They are dated from 95,000 to 13,000 years ago. They are found in the same archeological layer as an elephant of the extinct genus "Stegodon". The hobbit might have hunted this elephant. The elephant would have been very common throughout Asia during the Quaternary. Other animals that lived on the island at that time were giant rats, Komodo dragons, and even larger species of lizards. "Homo sapiens" reached the region by around 45,000 years ago.

Archaeologist Mike Morwood and colleagues who found the remains say they think the individuals belong to a new species, "H. floresiensis", in our human genus "Homo". The discoverers also say that "H. floresiensis" might have lived at the same time as modern humans ("Homo sapiens") on Flores.

Not everyone agrees that this is a new species. Indonesian anthropologist Teuku Jacob suggested that the skull of LB1 was a modern human with microcephaly. This is a disorder that causes the bones of the head to stop growing. Another study says that perhaps the individuals were born without a working thyroid gland, which would result in the small size of the hominins because of a disorder called myxedema.

Two studies of the bones published in 2007 both reported evidence to support species status for "H. floresiensis". A study of three bits of bones from the hand (carpals) showed that they were similar to the carpal bones of a chimpanzee or an early hominin such as "Australopithecus". They were also different from the bones of modern humans. A study of the bones and joints of the arm, shoulder, and legs also concluded that "H. floresiensis" was more similar to early humans and apes than modern humans. In 2009, the publication of a cladistic analysis, and a study comparing body sizes, gave further support for the theory that "H. floresiensis" and "Homo sapiens" are separate species.

Archaeologists believe that the species has survived on Flores at least until 12,000 years ago. This makes it the longest lasting non-modern human. It also lived longer than the Neanderthals ("H. neanderthalensis"), which became extinct about 24,000 years ago.

Because of a deep neighboring strait, Flores remained isolated during the last ice age. Because of this, the discoverers of "H. floresiensis" think that the species, or its ancestors, must have reached the isolated island by water transport around 100,000 years ago (or, if they are "H. erectus", then about 1 million years ago).

Local geology suggests that a volcanic eruption on Flores approximately 12,000 years ago was responsible for the end of "H. floresiensis" and animals that lived on the island. The elephant "Stegodon" also became extinct at this time.

There are local stories that a small race of people lived on the island. The "Ebu Gogo" were small, hairy, language-poor cave dwellers. It is said that they were there at the time of the arrival of the first Portuguese ships during the 16th century. These creatures are claimed to have existed as recently as the late 19th century. Gerd van den Bergh, a paleontologist working with the fossils, reported hearing of the Ebu Gogo ten years before the fossil discovery. On the nearby island of Sumatra, there are reports of a 1-1.5m tall humanoid, the Orang Pendek which might be related to "H. floresiensis".



Goran Ivanišević

Goran Ivanišević is a retired professional tennis player from Croatia. He is most famous for winning Wimbledon in 2001.

Pete Sampras

Pete Sampras (born August 12, 1971) is an American retired professional tennis player. He has won the Wimbledon Championships seven times and has won 14 Grand Slams overall, which was a record until Roger Federer broke it in 2009. He is said to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time.

Sampras' mother is an immigrant from Greece; his father is an American whose father was Greek and mother was Jewish. Sampras' older sister, Stella, is the women's tennis head coach at UCLA. His younger sister, Marion, is a teacher in Los Angeles. His older brother, Gus, has been tournament director at the Scottsdale ATP event, but from 2007 he became president of the firm managing Pete's business activities.

In the late 1990s, he dated actress Kimberly Williams-Paisley.

On September 30, 2000, Sampras married American actress and former Miss Teen USA, Bridgette Wilson. On November 21, 2002, their son, Christian Charles, was born. On July 29, 2005, the couple welcomed their second son, Ryan Nikolaos. They live in Lake Sherwood, California.


Andre Agassi

Andre Kirk Agassi (born April 29, 1970) is a retired professional tennis player from the United States. He was the first tennis player to have won all Grand Slam tournaments on four different surfaces. Later, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal did the same. He is one of the most successful tennis players in history and was formerly ranked number 1 in the world. He is married to former women's number one tennis player Steffi Graf.

Narcissus (genus)

Narcissus (Narcissi) (often called a daffodil) is the botanic name for a genus of mainly hardy, mostly spring-flowering, bulbs in the "Amaryllidaceae" family. They are native to Europe, North Africa, and Asia.

It has bright perianths (petals) with a darker central trumpet (paracorolla or "corona"). The petals can be a variety of colours: bright yellow (the most common); white; pale yellow; or even peach. Usually, there is one flower on each stem, but sometimes there are more than one. The long, narrow leaves are slightly greyish in colour and rise from the base of the stem. 

During the winter, the flowering part of narcissi dies away, and the plant lives on underground in a bulb. A bulb is an onion-like structure, which is filled with food. The plant lives off this food during the winter, protected from the cold by the soil above.


Dajabón Province

Dajabón is a Dominican province; it is in the northwestern part of the country, on the border with Haiti. Its capital city has the same name, Dajabón.

It was created on 1938 with the name Province "Libertador". It got its present name in 1961. It was part of the Monte Cristi province before being elevated to the category of province

The province takes the name from the Taíno name of the region, Dahaboon; it was also the name of the main river of the region, the Dajabón River.

Dajabón is bordered to the north by the Monte Cristi province, to the east by the Santiago Rodríguez province and to the south by the Elías Piña province. To the west Dajabón borders the Republic of Haiti.

For a very long time, very few people lived in this region because it was on the border between two countries: first, between the French colony of "Saint-Domingue" and the Spanish colony of "Santo Domingo" and later between the two independent countries of Haiti and Dominican Republic. There were many fights here between the armies of the two parts of the island and some important battles were held close to the city of Dajabón during the Dominican Independence War.

In 1861, the Dominican Republic became again a colony of Spain. The Restoration War, or just the "Restoration", started on 16 August 1863, in a hill near the hamlet of "Capotillo". The Spanish army left the country in 1865.

After the "Restoration", people came to live in this area and several towns were created.

When the province was created in 1938, it had three municipalities: Dajabón, Loma de Cabrera and Restauración. In 1996, Partido was made a municipality and later, in 2002, El Pino became another municipality.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Dajabón province, and 38,225 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 14th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 65,519 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Dajabón, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in 2010) of 25,245 inhabitants.

The Dajabón province has a total area of . It has 2.1% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 23rd (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province. The altitude of the city of Dajabón, provincial capital, is .

The Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain") is in the southern part ofthe province. The northern part is flat, with many savannas; it is part of the "Yaque del Norte Valley" (or "Línea Noroeste").

There are two main roads in the province. One, from north to south, comes from the Monte Cristi province and goes through the cities of Dajabón, Loma de Cabrera and Restauración and then goes into the Elías Piña province. In some parts, the road marks the border with Haiti.

The second main road begins in Santiago de la Cruz and goes to the east through Partido and El Pino and then through the Santiago Rodríguez and Valverde provinces to end in the "Carretera Duarte" (Duarte National Road), one of the most important road of the country and that goes from Santo Domingo to Monte Cristi.

The only important river in the province is the Dajabón River, also known as "Masacre" (from French "Massacre"). This river marks the Dominican-Haitian border from the city of Dajabón to its mouth. Other rivers are very short and they are tributaries of the Dajabon or the Artibonite rivers.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains..

There are 5 municipalities and 4 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

As in all provinces on the Dominican Republic-Haiti border, there is little economic development. The trade with Haiti is very important, mostly in the city of Dajabón.

On the mountains, coffee and beans are important products. Rice and bananas are produced in the northern part of the province, and cattle raising is important around the city of Dajabón.


First baseman

First base, or 1B, is the first of four positions on a baseball diamond, in baseball.



Outfielder

Outfielder is a position in baseball. Three players play this position. They are the farthest from the batter. 

The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian

The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian is a 2008 fantasy movie by Disney and Walden Media. It was released on May 9, 2008. It is part of the "Chronicles of Narnia" movie series.

This movie is a follow-up of the 2005 movie "".


Sobekhotep VIII

Sobekhotep VIII was a Pharaoh of northern Egypt during the 16th Egyptian dynasty. He was one of the ancient Egyptian kings people have little knowledge about. Historians estimate that Sobekhotep VIII was their sovereign leader for 16 years.

It is most likely that Sobekhotep VIII. was the successor of Djehuti and followed by Neferhotep III.

Albert Spalding

Albert Goodwill Spalding (born September 2, 1850 in Byron, Illinois – September 9, 1915 in Point Loma, California) was a professional baseball player, manager and co-founder of A.G. Spalding sporting goods company.


Charlie Waitt

Charlie Waitt (born October 14, 1853 in Hallowell, Maine – October 21, 1912) was a professional baseball player. He was teased, taunted and called a "sissy" for wearing what was one of the first baseball gloves ever worn.


Doug Allison

Douglas L. Allison (born July 12, 1846 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, died December 19, 1916 in Washington, DC) was a professional baseball catcher for the Cincinnati Red Stockings, the first fully professional baseball team. 


Bill Doak

Bill Doak (born January 28, 1891, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) played 11 years with the St. Louis Cardinals. In , he went 20-6 with a league leading 1.72 ERA. Doak won 20 games in . Doak led the National League in ERA again in 1921. Doak was traded to the Brooklyn Robins in mid-1924. 

Teasing

Teasing is a word with different meanings. With humans, teasing usually means either "playful" and "hurtful". Teasing is often unkind, and is sometimes a type of harassment. It can have a sexual context as well, as to create sexual arousal in someone, for example.



Pitcher

In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws
the baseball from the pitcher's mound to the catcher to begin each play, trying to retire a batter who tries to get on base, usually by hitting the ball with their bat or by taking a walk.


Patton (movie)

Patton (UK: Patton: Lust for Glory) is a 1970 movie about United States Army General George S. Patton, and his role in the Second World War. "Patton" starred George C. Scott in the title role, and it was released by 20th Century Fox. The movie became very popular, and won an Academy Award for Best Picture in 1971. A sequel, "The Last Days of Patton", appeared in 1986, also starring Scott.

Patton's widow was approached not long after her husband died (after an automobile accident), with an offer to make a Hollywood movie about Patton's life and career. His family did not agree right away, and it was many years before they approved a dramatic movie to be made. The movie's screenplay was based on a well-written biography of General Patton, "Patton: Ordeal and Triumph", and "A Soldier's Story", a memoir by General Omar N. Bradley, who served with Patton.

The story covers the time from the American defeat at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass in North Africa during 1943, when Patton was sent to take command, through his victories in Africa and Sicily, his time as a "decoy" before D-Day, The Battle of the Bulge, and his last weeks, after the war was over in 1945.

The movie did not give much time to showing combat and battles, but explained Patton's role in several important battles and campaigns. It also showed his character as a person, as a soldier, and as a leader. Patton made good choices, such as appointing Omar Bradley to assist him, and bad choices, such as striking soldiers physically when they showed fear or cowardice, or giving his personal opinions to the media, when they differed widely from what the Allied commanders expected. The movie showed a mix of both bad and good things about Patton.

The movie appeared nearly twenty-five years after Patton died. American attitudes toward war, toward fighting, and toward the military had changed in many ways. The Vietnam War was happening at the same time the movie was made and shown. The older generation, who had fought in World War II or helped out on the , tended to support the war and the draft, which made young American men join the Army to fight. Younger people, who did not remember World War II or were born after it ended, were mostly against the war in Vietnam. "Patton" gave older and younger viewers a look back at an American war hero and leader, and it gave them things to think and talk about together.


Jafar (Disney)

Jafar is an evil character and the main antagonist of Disney's "Aladdin" movies. He is played by Jonathan Freeman in the 1992 movie and musical.

Jafar was born in someplace of Arabia, most likely in the kingdom Agrabah. Because he was ugly and poor, he was not happy for many years. Once, Jafar found a baston that can hypnotize people. Jafar use it to brainwash the Sultan. He became Agrabah's vizier and moved into the palace. One day, at the market, Jafar met the parrot Iago and they became friends. The two planned to take the Sultan's treasure but they found something better: a magic lamp. Inside the lamp was a genie who granted wishes. Jafar use his first wish to become the Sultan. When the royal family refused to bow to him, Jafar made a wish to become a powerful wizard. Jafar took control of Agrabah and decided to decorate the palace. He painted the throne room red and filled it with gold. He also replaced the throne which was in the shape of an elephant into a throne shaped like a snake. Because of Jafar's bad luck, Aladdin defeated him and ended his plans for power. He returns in the sequel of the first Aladdin in "Aladdin, Return of Jafar".

The Australian

The Australian is a newspaper made in Australia. It is made by an Australian company called News Limited, is published every day, and started in 1964.


Barbican Arts Centre

The Barbican Arts Centre is a large performing arts centre on the northern edge of the City of London. It is in the modern Barbican estate, near the Barbican Tube station.

Harry Morgan

Harry Morgan (born as Harry Bratsburg, April 10, 1915 – December 7, 2011) was an American actor. He was well known for his role in the "M*A*S*H" TV series as Colonel Sherman T. Potter and as Bill Gannon in the T.V. series Dragnet. He won an Emmy Award in 1980.

Morgan was born in Detroit, Michigan on April 10, 1915. He was raised in Muskegon, Michigan. Morgan studied at Muskegon High School and at the University of Chicago.

He was married to Eileen Detchon from 1940 until she died in 1985. Then he was married to Barbara Bushman from 1986 until his death in 2011. He had four children. In December 1987 he was arrested for abusing his wife. All charges were dropped.

Morgan died on December 7, 2011 in Los Angeles, California from pneumonia, aged 96. His body was later cremated.


Brisbane Times

Brisbane Times is a website that reports news for Brisbane, Australia, as well as Queensland, the state that Brisbane is in. It started on 7 March 2007 and is owned by a company called Fairfax.


District line

The District line is a railway line in the London Underground. It stretches from the London Borough of Havering in East London to Ealing and Richmond in West London.


Kensington

Kensington is a district of West London, England in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is west of Charing Cross.


Dew Process

Dew Process is an independent record label from Brisbane, Australia. It was started by Paul Piticco, who still works for the company today. Dew Process is distributed by Universal Music Australia in Australia and New Zealand.


Books of Chronicles

The First and Second Chronicles are history books in the Old Testament. They tell the history of Israel differently from the Books of Kings. Using Biblical books (like Samuel and Kings) and other sources, the "Chronicler" encourages the Jews who returned from exile in Babylon. It goes back over Israel's history to explain why they have had all their troubles and how they can live right to become better in the future. One major difference to the similar, earlier narrative is that unlike in 2 Samuel, David is presented as being good in Chronicles.

Originally, the First and Second Chronicles were one book. They were later split apart into two different books.

The Hebrew title ("dibre hayyamim") means "what happened in the days (or years)". The Septuagint translators (who translated the Old Testament into Greek) called the book "the things left out". This showed that they thought of it as an addition to Samuel and Kings. Jerome (A.D. 347–420), who translated the Latin Vulgate, said that a better title would be "chronicle of the whole sacred history". Luther used this idea in his German version, and others have followed him. Chronicles was first divided into two books by the Septuagint translators.

Old Jewish tradition says that Ezra wrote Chronicles. However, scholars do not accept this as fact. It is thought that Chronicles was written roughly in the year 400 BC.


George Eliot

Mary Ann (Marian) Evans (22 November 1819 – 22 December 1880), better known by her pen name George Eliot, was an English novelist. She was one of the leading writers of the Victorian era. "Middlemarch" is perhaps her most famous book.

She was born in Nuneaton, the youngest child of Robert and Christiana Evans. Mary Ann attended "Miss Latham's boarding school" and then "Mrs Wallington's Boarding School" in Nuneaton in 1828.

In 1850, Evans travelled the first time to the continent of Europe. There, she translated the book "Essence of Christianity" into English. This was the only book she published under her real name and not under her pseudonym George Eliot.

Evans became ill in on December 19 1880. Later, her kidney problem started again. Due to this illness, she died on 22 December 1880. 

Gerry Anderson

Gerry Anderson MBE (14 April 1929 – 26 December 2012) was a British television and movie producer, director and writer of Jewish origin. He is famous for the science fiction television programmes he created. The most well known of these was "Thunderbirds". Most of the programmes he created used marionettes. He also worked with puppeteer Christine Glanville. He was married to actress and producer Sylvia Anderson.

Sarah Chalke

Sarah Louise Christine Chalke (born August 27, 1976) is a Canadian-American actress most famous for her role as "Elliot Reid" on "Scrubs" and "Becky Conner" on "Roseanne" and in the CBS comedy "How I Met Your Mother", and "The Powerpuff Girls". 

She is engaged to lawyer Jamie Afifi, with whom she has a son, Charlie Rhodes Afifi, born December 24, 2009.

Scrubs

Scrub(s) may refer to:


AfterMASH

AfterMASH was an American TV series. It was a spin-off of the "M*A*S*H" TV series. It was not a successful series, and was canceled after two seasons.


M*A*S*H (TV series)

M*A*S*H is an American television sitcom made by Larry Gelbart about doctors in a mobile . It was inspired by "". It stars Alan Alda as the main character. It was very popular, lasting 11 seasons, and having one of the most viewed series finales in television history.

"M*A*S*H" is about a Mobile Army Surgical Hospital during the Korean War. It stars Hawkeye Pierce, an American surgeon who dislikes the war and makes a lot of jokes.

There have been a strong cast of characters through the show's life. The only four people who appeared from the first episode to the last are Alan Alda and Loretta Swit. William Christopher's character, Father Mulcahy appeared in the first episode but was played by George Morgan. William Christopher took over the role for the rest of the series.

"Goodbye, Farewell, and Amen" is the series finale. It was aired on February 28, 1983, and is two and a half hours long. Nearly 106 million Americans watched it, which was 77% of the people watching TV at the time. It is the most watched episode of any show in American history.

Loretta Swit

Loretta Swit (born November 4, 1937) is an American actress. She is most famous for her role as Margaret Houlihan on the "M*A*S*H" TV series.

Larry Linville

Lawrence Lavonne "Larry" Linville (September 29, 1939 – April 10, 2000) was an American actor. He was most famous for his role as Frank Burns on the "M*A*S*H" TV series. He died of pneumonia.

Katamari Damacy

In the game, you play as a small human-like being, who is a prince. His father is the king of the cosmos. In the beginning, the king destroys all of the stars in the galaxy without meaning to do so. He then asks his son to take a magic ball (the Katamari). The king then sends the prince to Earth. The ball can make things stick to it. The point of the game is to roll enough things onto the ball. Once this limit is reached, the Katamari is sent to the king for evaluation. If it is big enough, the ball will float into the air and turn into a star.

The game got really good ratings. IGN rated the game 85.75%. Gaming Age gave it a B+. GameSpot's review said that it was "far and away one of the strangest, most original games to come along in years".

Beautiful Katamari

Beautiful Katamari, released in Japan as is a third-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco Bandai for the Xbox 360 game console. Wii and PlayStation 3 versions have been talked about by Namco Bandai, but no release date has been set.

We Love Katamari

We Love Katamari, known in Japan as , is a third-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2 game console. It is the sequel to "Katamari Damacy".

Me &amp; My Katamari

Nagoya

Nagoya is one of the largest cities in Japan, with over 2 and a quarter million people in 2010. It is in Aichi Prefecture. There are 16 wards in Nagoya.




Manglish

Manglish is a language that sounds almost the same as English spoken by Malaysians. It is a close cousin of Singlish. Along with other languages, Manglish is extremely popular with Malaysians that have trouble speaking English. 

The Story of the Kelly Gang

The Story of the Kelly Gang is the world's first feature length movie. This 70 minute movie was made in 1906, nine years before D.W. Griffith's "The Birth of a Nation" made in 1915. The movie tells the story of the famous Australian bushranger, Ned Kelly (1855-1880). It was written and directed by Charles Tait. The movie's reel length is about 4,000 feet (1,200 metres). It was released in Australia on December 26, 1906 and in the UK in January 1908. The movie cost about $2,250 to make. It was filmed in Melbourne and nearby suburbs of St Kilda (indoor scenes), Eltham, Greensborough, Heidelberg, Mitcham and Rosanna. The train scene is filmed near the St. James Road crossing, near Rosanna Station, on the Hurstbridge line in Victoria. The lost scene inside the hotel has a small boy played by Frederick Crew. 

There are only about ten minutes of film left. Many rolls of damaged film were found in an old barn which was once the family home of the Crews in Yarraville, Victoria. The rolls were sent to Canberra but they were unable to recover most of the footage. In November 2006 the National Film and Sound Archive made a new digital copy of the movie. This has 11 minutes of extra film which was discovered in the United Kingdom. The movie now is 17 minutes long. It has the main scene of the Kelly's fight with the police at Glenrowan (called the Kelly's Last Stand). A copy of the program book has also been found. It has stories from newspaper reports of the capture of the gang, and the story of the movie, in six 'scenes'. This told the audiences what was happening in the movie. The book and the little bit of film that is left can help people imagine what the whole movie may have been like.

In 2007 "The Story of the Kelly Gang" was added to the UNESCO Memory of the World Register for being the world's first full-length feature movie.


Steffi Graf

Stefanie Maria "Steffi" Graf (born 14 June 1969) is a German retired professional women's tennis player. She was born in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg. She was once ranked the best women's tennis player in the world. She is married to another retired tennis player Andre Agassi.

Steffi was the youngest player ranked in the WTA Tour ranking 124th. 

In her tennis career, she earned 4 Olympic medals, 22 Grand Slam titles and 107 other titles

Comeback

Comeback could mean:


The Comeback could also mean:


Sports Illustrated

Sports Illustrated is the largest weekly American sports magazine owned by media company Time Warner. It has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million adults each week; over 18 million of them are men, 19% of the adult males in the United States.

In late 2023, "The Futurist" reported that the magazine had published articles that were written by artificial intelligence. "Sports Illustrated" had not written that the articles were not written by people. The CEO of the magazine was fired soon after the report. 

Most covers by athlete, 1954-2003

Most covers by team, 1954-May 2008

Most covers by sport, 1954-2003

Celebrities on the cover, 1954-2003

Fathers and sons who have been featured on the cover

Presidents who have been featured on the cover

Tribute covers (In Memoriam)


Christian music

Christian music is music about God, Jesus Christ and Christianity. Worship songs are found in the Jewish Psalms in the Bible.

Every kind of music genre and style is found in Christian music. This includes country, pop, easy listening, urban/hip hop, rock, and hymns.

Artists include Bach, TobyMac, Phil Keaggy, Tenth Avenue North and Hillsong.


Abdul Qadeer Khan

Abdul Qadeer Khan (; April 1, 1936 – October 10, 2021) was a Pakistani scientist and metallurgical engineer. He was a controversial figure. He is thought by many people to be one of the pioneers of Pakistan's nuclear program. Others disagree and claim he is only an opportunist who abused his position to obtain personal benefits and make a lot of money. His middle name is occasionally spelt Quadeer, Qadir or Gadeer. His given names are usually abbreviated to A.Q.. 

Khan claimed he had Pashtun ancestry. However, his ancestors supposedly immigrated to modern India, during the reign of Afghan Emperor Shahabuddin Ghouri from the district of Ghour of present Afghanistan. He was born in Bhopal State in British India in 1936. His father Abdul Ghafoor Khan served in the Education Department, British India, and after retirement, settled in Bhopal.

He remained under arrest in Pakistan for quite some time, because he was accused of Nuclear proliferation to the North Korean government and also to Iran. 

In August 2021, Khan was hospitalized in Islamabad after testing positive for COVID-19. He died at the age of 85 in Islamabad from the infection on October 10, 2021.

Several politicians in Pakistan, including the Prime Minister Imran Khan stated their tribute to him. In a post on Twitter, Imran Khan stated 




Interception

An interception or intercept is a move in football that happens when a player on the defensive team catches a ball from the quarterback instead of the intended receiver. When this is done, the player's team who had caught the ball, would gain possession of it. Many leagues use interceptions, some are Canadian football and American football, as well as rugby league, rugby union, Australian rules football and Gaelic football. The most common players to get interceptions are defensive backs.


Interception (disambiguation)

Interception could mean:


Load (album)

Load is an album by the heavy metal band Metallica. It was released in 1996. Four singles were released from it. It has sold over 5 million copies in the US. The album was disliked by some long time Metallica fans, as it had a lighter sound than anything before it.


The Greatest Show on Turf

The Greatest Show on Turf was the nickname for the offense fielded by the St. Louis Rams offense during 1999, 2000, and 2001 National Football League seasons.


The Marriage of Figaro

Le nozze di Figaro, ossia la folle giornata ("The Marriage of Figaro, or The Day of Madness") is an opera buffa with music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and an Italian libretto by Lorenzo Da Ponte. The opera premiered at the Burgtheater, Vienna on 1 May 1786. It was well received and nearly every scene received an encore, which made the performance so long that the Emperor did not like this and wanted it to stop.

The opera is based on the 1784 French play, ""La folle journée, ou le Mariage de Figaro" by Pierre Beaumarchais. The play was very controversial in its day (and even banned briefly in France), but the play's questionable material was removed and Da Ponte's libretto passed the Viennese censors. 


The opera is set in the palace and gardens of Count Almaviva in Seville, Spain. Figaro, Count Almaviva's servant, is on the eve of marrying Susanna, the Countess' maid. 

Almaviva has long lusted after Susanna. He plans to revive an old aristocratic right permitting a nobleman to deflower a peasant on her wedding night. Figaro is furious. 

With Susanna and his friends, he thwarts the Count's intentions. Almaviva is forced to beg his wife's forgiveness. 

EMT

EMT could mean:

In health and medicine:

In music:

In organizations:

In science and technology:

In transportation:

In other:

My Neighbor Totoro

My Neighbor Totoro, or My Neighbour Totoro on UK DVD box titles, is a 1988 animated movie written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli. It won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1988. This movie was originally released in the United States in VHS format with the title, My Friend Totoro.

Troma Films, under their 50th St. Films banner, produced a 1993 dub of the movie co-produced by Jerry Beck. It was released on VHS and DVD by Fox Video. Troma's and Fox's rights to this version expired in 2004. The movie was re-released by Disney on March 7, 2006. It features a new dub cast. This DVD release is the first version of the movie in the United States to include both Japanese and English language tracks, as Fox did not have the rights to the Japanese audio track for their version.

Satsuki, Mei and their father live in the field, where Mei discovers a giant creature living in the forest near the house. When Mei leaves in her attempt to save her hospitalized mother, she and Satsuki take a ride on the cat-bus. The movie ends with the girls delivering an ear of corn to their mother.


One of the most significant things in My Neighbor Totoro is that the mother is absent from the home. According to Takie Sugiyama Lebra, “the [Japanese] mother is characterized as having suffered hardships” . This is true in Totoro, as Mei and Satsuki's mother is hospitalized with an unnamed illness. The mother's absence is significant because “at home, the husband depends upon the wife for domestic care. The husband is helpless in housekeeping tasks, such as doing the laundry, cooking, cleaning, and child rearing” (52). In the absence of her mother, it is then Satsuki's job to take over household tasks with Nanny's help. This is illustrated several times throughout the movie.

When Satsuki prepares breakfast and lunch for her father and Mei before she leaves for school this is a task that would normally fall to the mother. Also, the various cleaning and garden tasks that Satsuki and Mei often had the help of Nanny to complete would have also normally been the main responsibility of the mother to complete.

Mei and Satsuki's father demonstrates both typical and atypical characteristics of a traditional Japanese father. According to Peter Tasker, “Japanese children are accustomed to never seeing their father on the weekdays, and only for short periods at weekends. A husband’s proper field of endeavor is the company” (101). This is only somewhat accurate in Mei and Satsuki's relationship with their father. Although their father is often away working at the university or visiting their mother in the hospital, he is by no means an absentee father. He is seen working at a desk while Mei plays outside and spending time with his daughters before their bedtime. Many scholarly critiques of Japanese culture would lead one to believe that this is not the norm.

"My Neighbor Totoro" exhibits several important cultural points through the setting and passive details.

The house into which the Kusakabe family moves is an accurate portrayal of a typical, rural, Japanese home. The sliding doors that the father opens when they first move into the house are common architectural features. These doors are meant to be opened during the day, weather permitting, and closed at night. Another feature to point out about the house itself is the way the foundation is constructed. “Japanese houses do not have cellars but are built with a foundation of shallow concrete, or a single row of cement blocks. On top of this type of foundation is placed a row of heavy timbers” (33). This can be seen clearly when Mei crawls under the house in pursuit of one of the smaller totoros.

As for Totoro, he lives in a tree demarcated by a shimenawa (braided straw rope for shinto). The tree is called shinboku (sacred tree). Shinto is the traditional religion of Japan and some consider many of Hayao Miyazaki's movies—including Totoro—to have Shintoist themes. and interpret Totoro as a kami spirit of the Shinto religion. But Miyazaki says "this movie [Totoro] has nothing to do with that [Shinto] or any other religion."

The community in which Satsuki and her family have moved is a typical agricultural town. The rice paddies are visible throughout the movie. Rice cultivation is one of the most important industries in Japan, as rice is a staple of the Japanese diet. The home that Satsuki and Mei live in is more spacious than what would be available in a city. Also, the scene where Nanny, Mei, and Satsuki are washing vegetables shows the near self-sufficiency of these farming communities.

The bath scene is also demonstrative of archetypal Japanese life. “The bathtub is more like a small swimming pool than a tub” (38). As seen in the movie, several people bathe together at once. It is considered rude to enter the tub without first washing, as shown by Satsuki before she enters the tub with her father and Mei. These bathtubs are heated usually by small, well-tended coal burners under the tub.

Another cultural manifestation is the scene that shows the family sleeping. Often, the living room is converted into a bedroom where the whole family sleeps together on mats called futon. This sleeping arrangement is space-efficient for smaller housing in a country where living space is severely limited. Mei is sleeping between Satsuki and her father, which is the usual arrangement—with the youngest in the middle.

In one scene, Satsuki is shown preparing the family's lunch in traditional bento style. A bento is a compartmentalized lunch box usually with only one or two tiers. Food is arranged to be aesthetically pleasing. Bentos are extremely common as lunch boxes for children, adults, and even those who stay at home, as Mei does when Satsuki goes to school.

Other passive cultural references include:


"My Neighbor Totoro" was released by Studio Ghibli as a double feature with Isao Takahata's "Grave of the Fireflies" in August 1988. There are two theories for this: one was that "Totoro" would not be successful. Another theory is that "Grave of the Fireflies" was believed to be too depressing for audiences by itself, and thus needed a lighter animation to accompany it. The late Yoshifumi Kondo provided character designs for both movies.

In 1993, Fox released the first English-language version of "My Neighbor Totoro", produced by John Daly and Derek Gibson (the producers of "The Terminator") with co-producer Jerry Beck. Fox and Troma's rights to the movie expired in 2004. Disney's English language version premiered on October 23, 2005; it then appeared at the 2005 Hollywood Film Festival. The Turner Classic Movies cable television network held the television premiere of Disney's new English dub on January 19, 2006, as part of the network's salute to Hayao Miyazaki. (TCM aired the dub as well as the original Japanese with English subtitles.) The Disney version was released on DVD on March 7, 2006.

As is the case with Disney's other English dubs of Miyazaki movies, the Disney version of "Totoro" features a star-heavy cast, including Dakota and Elle Fanning as Satsuki and Mei, Timothy Daly as Mr. Kusakabe, Pat Carroll as Granny, Lea Salonga as Mrs. Kusakabe, and Frank Welker as Totoro and Catbus. The songs for the new dub retained the same translation as the previous dub, but were sung by Sonya Isaacs.




The movie stars the following voice actors:

The movie has an 8.1 rating on IMDb,and a 94% approval rating at Rotten Tomatoes.com. Reviews were very positive.


Mnemonic (disambiguation)

A mnemonic is a memory aid.

Mnemonic may also refer to:

Mnemonic

A mnemonic is a way for people to remember things more easily. For example, the treble clef lines on a music staff are for the notes E G B D and F. Music students are taught to remember this with a mnemonic - Every Good Boy Does Fine. The first known mnemonics were used by the Ancient Greeks. Cicero said the poet Simonides (c.556-c.468 B.C) discovered the power of mnemonics to help him make visual images so he could remember things. The word "mnemonic" comes from the Greek words "mnene", meaning memory and "mnemon", meaning mindful.

Northrop Frye

Herman Northrop Frye, CC, FRSC, usually called Northrop or Norrie, (July 14, 1912 – January 23, 1991) was a Canadian literary critic and literary theorist. This means he wrote about books to help people understand them. He is often said to be one of the most influential critics and theorists of the 20th century.

His most famous book is "The Anatomy of Criticism" (1957).

Throwback uniform

Throwback uniforms and jerseys are one-time or limited-time types of a sports team's uniforms that look the same way as uniforms from that team's past. Throwbacks are popular in Major League Baseball. Often, teams will wear throwbacks on "Turn Back The Clock Nights". 


Backlash (2009)

Backlash (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on April 26, 2009 at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island. It was the eleventh and last event with the "Backlash" name. Backlash would later be replaced by Extreme Rules in 2010.

Down with Love

Down with Love is a 2003 American romantic comedy movie set in New York City in the early 1960s. It stars Ewan McGregor and Renée Zellweger. It was inspired by "Pillow Talk" (1959) and "Lover Come Back" (1961).

Catcher Block (McGregor) is a very proud man. He has sex a lot of women and does not respect them very much. When author Barbara Novak (Zellweger) gets an interview with Block about her newest book, he keeps being busy and never actually interviews with her. Novak has written a feminist novel in which she says that women should take more power and have a bigger voice in things and to eat chocolate to reduce their need to be with men. However, when Novak's book becomes very popular, Block wants to know more about Novak.

Block invents a name for himself and begins to go out with her. She falls for him despite what she wrote in her book. She is about to take things further with Block when a woman rushes in to tell her that she loved Novak's book. It is then that Novak realizes that she has created a movement and that she needs to be the leader of that movement, so she no longer wants to see Block.

Block tries to reinvent himself as a new person. He writes an exposé on himself and wants to have it published, but all the women that used to work at his "No" magazine have all quit to try to get jobs at Novak's new "Now" magazine. Block applies for a job there and tells her that he loves her. After a short conversation, they leave in a helicopter to go to Las Vegas, Nevada to marry.

Celery

Celery is a type of vegetable, often used in salad.

Kalasha

Kalasha, also spelled as Kalash (Sanskrit: , "kalaśa"; literally "pitcher, pot"), is a metal (brass, copper, silver or gold) pot with a large base and small mouth, large enough to hold a coconut. Sometimes "Kalasha" can mean a pot filled with water and topped with a coronet of mango leaves and a coconut. This combination is often used in Hindu rites.

Pokémon Snap

The game was released for the Wii's Virtual Console service in 2007. Players can send pictures taken in the game to the Wii's Message Board and share them with friends. 

Pokémon Channel

Pokémon Channel, released in Japan as , is a virtual pet/puzzle video game made by Ambrella and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console.

Big Mac

The Big Mac is a kind of sandwich, better known as hamburger, sold at the fast food-chain McDonald's. It is 550 calories, and is made using two beef patties, Big Mac Sauce, dehydrated onions, shredded lettuce, sliced pickles, and a slice of cheese. Also, the Big Mac Index is measured in how much a Big Mac costs in foreign currencies.

The Big Mac was created by Jim Delligatti, one of Ray Kroc's earliest franchisees, who was the owner of some restaurants in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area. It was designed to compete with a similar Big Boy sandwich. Customer response to the Big Mac was so good that it was begun to be made nationally in 1967. One of its well-known and unique features is a middle slice of bread ("club" layer) used to make sure the contents do not move about and to prevent spills.

Officer Big Mac is a character from McDonaldland, a fictional universe made by McDonald's for its ads. He came out in 1971. He looks like "Mayor McCheese", the mayor of McDonaldland. As the chief of police, he's in charge of keeping order and stopping the "Hamburglar" from stealing hamburgers.

Originally, the Big Mac had two different names that didn't do well in the market: "the Aristocrat" and "Blue Ribbon Burger". The third name, Big Mac, was suggested by Esther Glickstein Rose, a 21-year-old secretary at McDonald's headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois.


Don Knotts

Jesse Donald Knotts (July 21, 1924 – February 24, 2006) was an American actor. He played Deputy Barney Fife in the 1950s sitcom television series "The Andy Griffith Show". He left the show after its fifth season to act in movies. Two of his movies are "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" and "The Apple Dumpling Gang". He died from lung cancer-related pneumonia.

Stormbreaker (movie)

Stormbreaker is a 2005 British movie based on the Anthony Horowitz novel "Stormbreaker", part of the Alex Rider series of books.

The plot is the same as the novel.

There are some changes from the novel. For example, the main bad guy, Sayle, is changed from Lebanese to American, since the actor picked did not have a Lebanese accent.

Serenade

In music, a serenade (or sometimes serenata) is a song or piece of music which is sung or played in someone’s honour. The word comes from the Latin "serenare" meaning: "to make calm".

In the Middle Ages and Renaissance a serenade was usually a song which was sung by a lover underneath the window of his sweetheart in a country such as Spain. The lover may accompany himself on a guitar. This kind of serenade is often seen in operas, e.g. Mozart’s "Don Giovanni ". There is also a verb: to serenade, e.g. “the lover was serenading his sweetheart”.

In the Baroque period a serenade was a type of cantata performed outdoors, in the evening, with singers and various musical instrumentas. Composers who wrote this kind of serenade include Alessandro Stradella and Alessandro Scarlatti.

In the Classical music period the serenade became a piece of music for a small orchestra or a group of several instruments. They are similar to a symphony but lighter in character. They are often the same as a divertimento. Mozart wrote several serenades of this type, e.g. his famous "Eine kleine Nachtmusik". Later composers such as Brahms also wrote orchestral serenades. Other Romantic composers often wrote short instrumental works which they called “serenades”.
Also the word serenade is featured in the arctic monkey's song "reckless serenade". 


Divertimento

A divertimento is a piece of music which is lighthearted and easy to listen to. It is often performed on social occasions, e.g. as music to be played while people eat, or as after-dinner music.

The divertimento became popular in the 18th century. They were played by a small group of instruments. Mozart wrote several pieces called "divertimento". They are similar to a serenade. A divertimento often has several movements, e.g. six, seven or more.

There are a few examples from the 20th century of pieces called "divertimento", e.g. works by including works by Ferruccio Busoni, Béla Bartók, and Igor Stravinsky (from his ballet "Le Baiser de la Fée").

Freemasonry

Freemasonry is an organization of people who believe in brotherhood and helping others. Its members are known as "Freemasons" (in full: "Ancient Free and Accepted Masons", or simply "Masons"). Freemasons also help one another in times of hardship. Freemasonry can be found all over the world in various forms. About 6 million people are Freemasons.

The local groups in various countries are known as "lodges". At the State or National level are "Grand Lodges". These are independent of each other. "Regular" Freemasonry is only for men, but there are also co-ed Masonic lodges (and lodges for only women) that are not recognized as legitimate by the "regular" groups. All of these lodges believe in "brotherly love, relief and truth". They do work for charities such as running schools for orphaned children. There is a Royal Masonic Hospital which is a home for old members and their families.

The word mason means a construction worker who works with stone. He is also called a "stonemason". Freemasonry grew from the groups (guilds) of stonemasons in the Middle Ages. These men were building cathedrals and other big buildings. They were called freemasons because they were free, they were not servants who belonged to a rich lord, like many workers were in those days. They often changed jobs and moved from one town to another. In this way they were different from other craftsmen who often worked in one place and had guilds in one town. The stonemasons tried to keep their skills secret so only they knew how to do their job. This is probably why the Freemasons have handshakes and passwords that they swear to keep secret.

About 1650, Masons' guilds started to let people who were not masons into their guilds. In 1717, the first Grand Lodge (the Grand Lodge of England) was formed. It developed into the governing body of Freemasonry in England. In 1813, it merged with a rival and is now called the United Grand Lodge of England.

Freemasonry is controversial and has been opposed. The Anti-Masonic Party (1827-34) was important in early American politics. The Catholic Church opposes Freemasonry, although Freemasonry itself does not block Catholics. Political authorities also sometimes oppose it. Nazi Germany and Eastern Bloc nations outlawed freemasonry.

Australian Music Online

Australian Music Online is a website about music in Australia. It started in March 2003, but the people who looked after it, the Australian Government, stopped working on it on 31 March 2007.


Die Entführung aus dem Serail

The German libretto is by Christoph Friedrich Bretzner and was changed a bit, without Bretzner’s permission, by Gottlieb Stephanie. The story is about the hero Belmonte, helped by his servant Pedrillo, who tries to rescue his beloved Konstanze from the seraglio (palace) of the Pasha Selim.

The opera was first performed by the "Nationalsingspiel" ("national Singspiel") which was sponsored by the Austrian emperor Joseph II. Mozart arrived in Vienna in 1781 and was looking for an opportunity to get a commission for an opera. He showed one of his operas ("Zaide") to the manager of the Nationalsingspiel. He was impressed and asked Mozart to write an opera for the company.

The work is lighthearted and meant to be funny. Some of the characters in the story are Turkish. Turkish stories and music were very popular at that time in Europe, and Mozart writes some Turkish music (or what Europeans thought was Turkish music) in this opera. Some of the arias are very difficult to sing, especially the long "Martern aller Arten" ("Tortures of all kinds") sung by Konstanze, which is like a concerto movement. She is accompanied in this aria by an orchestra and four solo instruments.

The opera was a huge success and earned Mozart a good sum of money. However, he was not paid properly for later performances, so it did not make him rich.

When Joseph II heard it he said to Mozart that there were “too many notes”, to which Mozart replied: “There are just as many notes as there should be”.

The singers perform with a Classical orchestra, to which are added instruments needed for "Turkish" music: bass drum, cymbals, triangle, and piccolo. The main orchestra has pairs of flutes, oboes, clarinets, bassoons, horns, trumpets, a set of two timpani, and strings. In the aria, "Sorrow has become my lot", there is also a basset horn.

Konstanze, and her English servant Blondchen have been captured by pirates who sold them to the Turk, Pasha Selim. Belmonte goes to rescue her. Osmin, the Pasha's servant, comes to pluck figs in the garden and takes no notice of Belmonte who tries to get news about his servant, Pedrillo. Osmin is angry. After he leaves, Belmonte meets Pedrillo and they decide to rescue Konstanze. 

Selim appears with Konstanze. He wants her to love him, but she doesn’t. Pedrillo suggests to the Pasha that he should employ Belmonte as a builder, but Osmin does not let him come into the palace.

Osmin tries roughly to make love to Blondchen. After a duet, Osmin departs. Konstanze greets Blondchen in distress and tells her that Selim wants her love and is threatening to use force. 

When she has gone, Pedrillo comes to Blondchen, who is his sweetheart, and tells her that Belmonte is near and plans are ready for a rescue attempt. Blondchen is very happy. Pedrillo invites Osmin to drink. Osmin gets drunk and Belmonte gets him out of the way so that Belmonte again sees his beloved Konstanze.

Belmonte and Pedrillo come to the garden with ladders. Belmonte manages to snatch Konstanze away, but when Pedrillo is about to escape with Blondchen, they are caught by Osmin, and Belmonte and Konstanze are also brought back by the guard. Belmonte asks the Pasha not to kill them. He says that his father is a rich Spanish governor who will pay a lot of money so that they are freed. Selim Pasha says to Belmonte that he is the son of his greatest enemy, so he is delighted to have caught him. However, the Pasha then becomes kind and decides to forgive them and set them free. Osmin is not happy about this. He would have loved to see them executed.

Clydesdale Bank

The Clydesdale Bank is a Scottish bank. Its headquarters are based in Glasgow, Scotland. It is currently the sponsor of the Scottish Premier League (now known as the "Clydesdale Bank Premier League").

War of the Worlds (2005 movie)

War of the Worlds is a 2005 science fiction movie that has Tom Cruise and Dakota Fanning as the main actors. It was directed by Steven Spielberg. It is based on the H. G. Wells novel "The War of the Worlds".

Ray Ferrier's home town in New Jersey is attacked by alien tripods that were buried underneath the ground. He is then forced to flee the city with his two children and make it to Boston where his ex-wife is located.

Bank of Scotland

The Bank of Scotland is a Scottish bank. Its headquarters are based in Edinburgh, Scotland. The company was previously the sponsor of the Scottish Premier League.

In 2001 the Bank of Scotland merged with Halifax to make HBOS (Halifax Bank of Scotland), this then merged with Lloyds TSB in 2009.

Jimmy Calderwood

James "Jimmy" Calderwood (born 28 February 1955) is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club Aberdeen F.C.

In August 2017, Calderwood revealed that he has had Alzheimer's disease.

Germany's Next Topmodel

Germany's Next Topmodel (also known as GNTM) is a German reality television program. It is hosted by supermodel Heidi Klum. The program is based on the American series "America's Next Top Model". The first cycle (season) was in 2006. The 18th cycle began in February 2023. 

A group of girls are chosen to live together for a few weeks and compete to become "Germany's Next Topmodel". Each week, one girl is asked to leave because she is not good enough to stay in the competition and become a top model. The last three/four girls are in the finale. The winner is then chosen with help of the group of judges. There have been 18 cycles of the show so far.

Only Heidi Klum has been a judge on every cycle. Thomas Hayo was a judge for the longest at six cycles, Peyman Amin was next longest at four cycles. Boris Entrup was a judge for cycle two, but he was part of the program until 2017 as the makeup advisor. In 2017 Wolfgang Joop became the first former judge to return to the program. He had been a guest judge for one episode. He came back in 2018 as well.

The judging panel since the 14th season was only guest judges and Klum. She was the only permanent judge.

Kurume

Kurume is a city in Fukuoka Prefecture, northern Kyūshū, Japan.

It has been recognized as a core city since 2008.

Koura taisha is a notable place.

Kurume is known for pork soup or ramen.

Gordon Strachan

Gordon David Strachan OBE (born 9 February 1957 in Edinburgh) is a retired Scottish football player, and is now a football manager.

243||68
383||70
626||138

!Total||50||5

Craig Levein

Craig William Levein (born 22 October 1964) is a Scottish professional football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Scottish Premiership club St Johnstone.




John Hughes (footballer born 1964)

John Hughes (born 9 September 1964 in Edinburgh) is a former Scottish professional football player. He is currently manager of Falkirk.

Jennifer Hof

Jennifer Karin-Luise Hof (born May 15, 1991 in Langen, Germany) is a model. She is the winner of "Germany's Next Topmodel", cycle (season) 3. Hof has 113 cm long legs.

Before "GNTM" she was living in the hessian town of Rodgau. She also went to school there.

In Offenbach, she was invited by a model scout to a casting for "GNTM". Out of 18,217 girls in the casting, she was chosen with 18 other girls to appear on the TV show. 
During the show her hair color was changed from brown to blonde.

In the last episode (the finale), she won the competition and the title "Germany's Next Topmodel".


Partick Thistle F.C.

Partick Thistle Football Club is a professional football team based at Firhill Stadium in Glasgow, Scotland. Despite their name, the club are based in the Maryhill area of the city, and have not played in Partick since 1908.

Currently, the team play in the ScottishLeague One.

Airdrieonians F.C.

Airdrieonians Football Club is a Scottish professional football team. They are based in the town of Airdrie, North Lanarkshire. They are members of the Scottish Professional Football League.




Aalst, Belgium

Aalst is a municipality found in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, its population was 77,790.

It is found at 50° 56 North, 04° 02 East.

In 2022, its population was 88.854.

The city is famous for its Belfry, industrial history, the Sint-Martinus Kerk and Carnival.

Aalter

Aalter is a municipality found in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, the municipality of Knesselare was merged into Aalter.

In 2007, its population was 18,887.

It is found at 51° 05 North, 03° 26 East.

Aarschot

Aarschot is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 28021 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 04° 49 East.

Aartselaar

Aartselaar is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 14325 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 04° 23 East.

Affligem

Affligem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007 its population was 12,169.

It is at 50° 54 North, 04° 06 East.

Aiseau-Presles

Aiseau-Presles is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 10696 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 04° 35 East.

Alken, Belgium

Alken is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 11090 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 05° 18 East.

Alveringem

Alveringem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007 its population was 4955.

Amay

Amay is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007 its population was 13147.

It is at 50° 32 North, 05° 19 East.

Amel

Amel, or Amblève, is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007 its population was 5331.

It is at 50° 21 North, 06° 10 East.

Andenne

Andenne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007 its population was 24557.

It is at 50° 29 North, 05° 06 East.

Anderlecht

Anderlecht is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007 its population was 97601.

It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 18 East.

Anderlues

Anderlues is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007 its population was 11651.

It is at 50° 24 North, 04° 16 East.

Anhée

Anhée is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur. In 2007 its population was 6958. It is at 50° 18 North, 04° 52 East.

Ans

Ans is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 27,416 people lived there.

It is at 50° 39 North, 05° 31 East.

Anthisnes

Anthisnes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 4,011 people lived there.

It is at 50° 28 North, 05° 31 East.

Antoing

Antoing is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 7533 people lived there.

It is at 50° 34 North, 03° 27 East.

Anzegem

Anzegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 14105 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 03° 28 East.

Ardooie

Ardooie is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders. The municipality includes the towns of Ardooie and Koolskamp. In 2006, Ardooie had a total population of 9,147. The local people are called Ardooienaren.

It is at 50° 58 North, 03° 11 East.

Arendonk

Arendonk is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 12329 people lived there.

It is at 51° 19 North, 05° 05 East.

Arlon

Arlon is a city and municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg. Arlon is the capital of that province.

In 2007, 26548 people lived there.

It is at .

As, Belgium

As is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 7579 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 05° 35 East.

Asse

Asse is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 29334 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 04° 11 East.

Assenede

Assenede is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 13584 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 03° 45 East.

Assesse

Assesse is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 6334 people lived there.

It is at 50° 22 North, 05° 01 East.

Ath

Ath is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 27141 people lived there.

It is at 50° 37 North, 03° 46 East.

Attert

Attert is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4802 people lived there.

It is at .

Aubange

Aubange is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 15193 lived there.

It is at .

Aubel

Aubel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007, 4166 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 05° 51 East.

Avelgem

Avelgem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 9523 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 03° 26 East.

Awans

Awans is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 8717 people lived there.

It is at 50° 39 North, 05° 27 East.

Aywaille

Aywaille is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 11094 people lived there.

It is at 50° 28 North, 05° 40 East.

Baarle-Hertog

Baarle-Hertog is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. It is an Belgian exclave located in the Dutch province of North Brabant.

In 2007, 2337 people lived there.

It is at 51° 26 North, 04° 55 East.

Baelen

Baelen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 4110 people lived there.

It is at 50° 37 North, 05° 58 East.

Balen

Balen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 20379 people lived there.

It is at 51° 10 North, 05° 10 East.

Bassenge

Bassenge is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 8396 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 05° 36 East.

Bastogne

Bastogne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 14386 people lived there.

It is at .

In World War II, Bastogne was the site of the Battle of Bastogne.

Beaumont, Belgium

Beaumont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 6696 people lived there.

It is at 50° 14 North, 04° 14 East.

Beauraing

Beauraing is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 8449 people lived there.

It is at 50° 06 North, 04° 57 East.

Beauvechain

Beauvechain is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 6596 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 04° 46 East.

Beernem

Beernem is a town in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 14,691 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 03° 20 East.

Beerse

Beerse is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 16600 people lived there.

It is at 51° 19 North, 04° 51 East.

Beersel

Beersel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 23578 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 04° 18 East.

Begijnendijk

Begijnendijk is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007 its population was 9468.

It is at 51° 01 North, 04° 46 East.

Bekkevoort

Bekkevoort is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 5926 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 04° 58 East.

Belœil

Belœil is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 13446 people lived there.

It is at 50° 33 North, 03° 44 East.

Beringen, Belgium

Beringen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 41531 people lived there.

It is at 51° 02 North, 05° 13 East.

Berlaar

Berlaar is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 10668 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 04° 39 East.

Berlare

Berlare is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 14272 people lived there.

It is at 51° 01 North, 04° 00 East.

Berloz

Berloz is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2813 people lived there.

It is at 50° 41 North, 05° 12 East.

Bernissart

Bernissart is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 11513 people lived there. It is at 50° 28 North, 03° 39 East.

In 1878, dozens of "Iguanodon" skeletons were discovered in a coal mine, at a depth of 322 m (1,056 ft). Mounted by Louis Dollo, nine of the twenty-nine skeletons are on display at the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences. One is at the Bernissart Museum. Found with the "Iguanodon" skeletons were the remains of plants, fish, and other reptiles, The sediments belong to the Sainte-Barbe Clays Formation.

Bertem

Bertem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 9296 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 37 East.

Bertogne

Bertogne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 3002 people lived there.

It is at .

Bertrix

Bertrix is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 8164 people lived there.

It is at .

Bever, Belgium

Bever is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 2048 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 03° 56 East.

Beveren

Beveren is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. It is close to the city of Antwerp. It is at 51° 12 North, 04° 15 East.

In 2007, 45,771 people lived there.

Beyne-Heusay

Beyne-Heusay is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 11739 people lived there.

It is at 50° 37 North, 05° 39 East.

Bierbeek

Bierbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 9233 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 04° 45 East.

Bièvre

Bièvre is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.
In 2007, 3164 people lived there.

It is at 49° 56 North, 05° 01 East.

Bilzen

Bilzen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 30173 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 05° 31 East.

Binche

Binche is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 32508 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 04° 09 East.

Blankenberge

Blankenberge is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2014, 19.879 people lived there.

It is at 51° 18 North, 03° 07 East.

Blegny

Blégny is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 12861 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 05° 43 East.


Bocholt, Belgium

Bocholt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 12509 people lived there.

It is at 51° 10 North, 05° 34 East.

Boechout

Boechout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 12149 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 29 East.

Bonheiden

Bonheiden is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 14499 people lived there.

It is at 51° 01 North, 04° 32 East.

Boom, Belgium

Boom is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 16326 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 04° 22 East.

Boortmeerbeek

Boortmeerbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 11561 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 04° 34 East.

Borgloon

Borgloon is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 10206 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 05° 20 East.

Bornem

Bornem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. It includes the towns of Hingene, Mariekerke, Weert and Bornem proper. There are also the hamlets of Branst, Buitenland, Eikevliet and Wintam.

In 2007, 20235 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 04° 14 East.

Borsbeek

Borsbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 10224 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 04° 29 East.

John McEnroe

John McEnroe (born February 16, 1959) is an American retired tennis player. He became a professional in 1978. From 1986 to 1994, he was married to actress Tatum O'Neal.

He grew up in Douglaston, Queens, New York City. He is thought of as one of the best tennis players of all time. He was once ranked number 1 in the world. He won three times at Wimbledon and four times at the U.S. Open. He is remembered for getting angry at the umpire very easily and his rivalries with players such Björn Borg. He is probably also famous for his "You cannot be serious!" rant directed to an umpire in 1981 at Wimbledon.

Bouillon

Bouillon is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5477 people lived there.

It is at .

Boussu

Boussu is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 20118 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 03° 47 East.

Boutersem

Boutersem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 7519 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 49 East.

Braine-l'Alleud

Braine-l'Alleud is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 37512 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 04° 22 East.

Braine-le-Château

Braine-le-Château is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 9517 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 04° 16 East.

Braine-le-Comte

Braine-le-Comte is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut. Maxime Daye is a mayor.

In 2018, 21,649 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 04° 08 East.

The municipality has an area of 84.68 square kilometres.

There are 5 sub-municipalities of Braine-le-Comte: Hennuyères, Henripont, Petit-Rœulx-lez-Braine, Ronquières, and Steenkerque (Steenkerke).

In 1830, the post-office was opened there.


Braives

Braives is a Walloon municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. On January 1, 2006 Braives had a total population of 5,579. The total area is 44.00 km² which gives a population density of 127 inhabitants per km².

It is at 50° 37 North, 05° 08 East.

Brakel

Brakel is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 13759 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 03° 45 East.

Brecht, Belgium

Brecht is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. In 2007, 27,630 people were living in Brecht.

It is found at 51° 21 North, 04° 38 East.

Bredene

Bredene is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 15343 people lived there.

It is at 51° 14 North, 02° 58 East.

Bree, Belgium

Bree is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 14515 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 05° 35 East.

Brugelette

Brugelette is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 3336 people lived there.

It is at 50° 35 North, 03° 51 East.

Brunehaut

Brunehaut is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 7712 people lived there.

It is at 50° 30 North, 03° 24 East.

Buggenhout

Buggenhout is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2011, 14167 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 04° 12 East.

Büllingen

Büllingen or Bullange is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 5453 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 06° 15 East.

Burdinne

Burdinne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. In 2007, 2,845 people lived there. It is at 50° 35 North, 05° 04 East.

Burg-Reuland

Burg-Reuland is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3957 people lived there.

It is at 50° 11 North, 06° 08 East.

Butgenbach

Bütgenbach or Butgenbach is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 5585 people lived there.

It is at 50° 25 North, 06° 12 East.

Celles

Celles is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 5447 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 03° 27 East.

Cerfontaine

Cerfontaine is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 4579 people lived there.

It is at 50° 10 North, 04° 24 East.

Chapelle-lez-Herlaimont

Chapelle-lez-Herlaimont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 14121 people lived there.

It is at 50° 28 North, 04° 17 East.

Charleroi

Charleroi is a municipality and city in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 201,550 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 04° 26 East.

Chastre

Chastre is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 6819 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 04° 38 East.

Châtelet

Châtelet is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut. It is on the river Sambre.

In 2007, 35813 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 04° 31 East.

Chaudfontaine

Chaudfontaine is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. In 2007, 20928 people lived there. It is at 50° 35 North, 05° 38 East.

Chaumont-Gistoux

Chaumont-Gistoux is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 11043 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 04° 43 East.

Chièvres

Chièvres is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 6330 people lived there.

It is at 50° 35 North, 03° 48 East.

Chimay

Chimay is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 9852 people lived there.

It is at 50° 03 North, 04° 18 East.

Chiny

Chiny is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5021 people lived there.

It is at .

Ciney

Ciney is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 15078 people lived there.

It is at 50° 17 North, 05° 06 East.

Clavier

Clavier is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 4211 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 05° 21 East.

Colfontaine

Colfontaine is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 19998 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 03° 51 East.

Comblain-au-Pont

Comblain-au-Pont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2013, 5359 people lived there (2603 men and 2756 women).

It is at 50° 28 North, 05° 34 East.


Comines-Warneton

Comines-Warneton is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 17544 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 03° 00 East.

Courcelles

Courcelles () is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 29724 people lived there.

It is at 50° 27 North, 04° 21 East.

Court-Saint-Etienne

Court-Saint-Etienne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 9547 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 04° 34 East.

Couvin

Couvin is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 13449 people lived there.

It is at 50° 03 North, 04° 29 East.

Crisnée

Crisnée is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2828 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 05° 23 East.

Björn Borg

Björn Borg (born June 6, 1956) is a retired professional tennis player from Sweden. He won Wimbledon five years in a row, more than any other player until Roger Federer did the same. Borg also won six French Open titles, which was later also done by Rafael Nadal, who in the 21st century won nine titles. He is seen as one of the best tennis players of all time.

Borg was famous for his unusual and exciting playing style. He also set many records.

Since retiring, Borg has run a clothing line. He has two sons, Robin (born 1985) and Leo (born 2003).

Björn Borg has given the name to the fashion brand Björn Borg. Besides underwear, it includes other clothing, shoes, bags, glasses and fragrance for both men and women.

This table shows Borg's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles competition.

Josef Manner &amp; Comp AG

Josef Manner & Comp AG is an Austrian company that is known for its sweets. It is the biggest Austrian producer of sweets. Today, they are present in over 60 countries. They are best known for their wafers filled with chocolate-hazelnut cream (called "Manner-schnitten").

Its headquarters are in Vienna.

The Hours (movie)

The Hours is a 2002 Anglo-American drama movie. It is based on Michael Cunningham's novel "The Hours". Nicole Kidman, Julianne Moore, and Meryl Streep play the main characters. It was picked for nine Academy Awards and won one, Best Actress for Kidman.

The movie is about three women living in different times. The first is bipolar novelist Virginia Woolf (Kidman) trying to write the novel "Mrs Dalloway" in Richmond, Surrey in 1923. The second is Laura Brown, a housewife in California in 1951 who is reading the novel. The third is Clarissa Vaughan, who lives in New York City in 2001 and tends to a gay poet named Richard. He often calls her "Mrs. D" or "Mrs. Dalloway" in reference to the novel. The movie moves from one character to another many times and each character is shown for a similar amount of time.

Woolf struggles to write her novel. Her hand shakes and she cannot write well. The movie begins with her suicide where she fills her pockets full of rocks and drowns herself in the river Ouse in Sussex. In flashback, it shows her difficulty writing. Her sister Vanessa Bell comes over. Woolf is very fascinated when her niece Angelica finds a dead bird. Woolf kisses her sister very hard when she leaves. Finally, she tries to go to the train station and tells her husband Leonard that she would rather go back to the city than live in the countryside.

Laura is depressed and does not like her life. She makes a cake with her son for her husband and does it again when the first one does not come out right. Her friend Kitty is going to a doctor; something is wrong with her. Finally, she takes her son Richie and leaves him at a babysitter and rents a hotel room. She starts reading the book and then we see what it is through her mind – she suddenly imagines that there is a lot of water coming up, like she is drowning.

Vaughn is hosting a party for Richard to celebrate something. She spends a lot of time preparing food and decorations for the party. In the end, however, Richard kills himself by jumping out of the window.


Linux distribution

Linux distributions (often abbreviated as distros) are made of the Linux kernel and a collection of applications. The operating system will be made up of the Linux kernel and, usually, a set of libraries and utilities from the GNU project, with graphics that come from the X Window System. Small distributions may not contain big window systems full of features like KDE or GNOME, but use small window systems like busybox, uclibc or dietlibc. There are more than three hundred Linux distributions. Most of them are still in development, constantly being improved and changed.

Before the first Linux distributions, a user needed to be an expert on UNIX, knowing what libraries and executables were needed to get the system to boot and run.

Linux distributions started to form after the Linux kernel began to be used by people besides the first Linux programmers.

Early distributions included: 


SLS was not well-maintained, so Patrick Volkerding created a distribution based on SLS, which he called "Slackware"; released July 16, 1993. This is the oldest being developed.

People who used computers wanted to use Linux distributions as replacements to Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC, Mac OS on the Apple Macintosh and proprietary versions of Unix.

Distributions are normally split into packages. Each package has a certain application or service. Examples of packages include a collection of fonts, or a web browser.

The package is usually given as compiled code, with installation and removal of packages done by a package management system. 
Linux distributions usually contain much more software than Microsoft Windows or Mac OS X.

Well-known Linux distributions include: 


There are tools available to help people make the decision easier. 

A few screenshots of common distributions just after installation: 


Bajaur District

Bajaur () is an Agency (district) of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of Pakistan. Smallest of the agencies in FATA, it has a hilly terrain. According to the 1998 census, 595,227 people lived there. It borders Afghanistan's Kunar Province.


Khyber District

Khyber () is a tribal area in Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) region of Pakistan. It includes: 


Kurram District

Kurram or Karam () tribal agency is in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) area of Pakistan. Until the year 2000, when divisions were abolished, Kurram District used to be part of the Peshawar Division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The Kurram River drains the southern flanks of the Safed Koh mountain range, and enters the Indus plains north of Bannu. It crosses the Afghan-Pakistan border about 80 km southwest of Jalalabad, and joins the Indus near Isa Khel after a course of more than 320 km (200 miles). The district has an area of 3,310 km² (1,278 sq. miles); the population according to the 1998 census was 448,310. It lies between the Miranzai Valley and the Afghan border, and is inhabited by the Bangash,Mangal para-Chamkani, orakzai and Turis, a tribe of Turki and Pathan origin. The language of the tribes is Pashto, the majority of the people is sunni but a minute number of Shia community are inhabited too

It is highly irrigated, well peopled, and crowded with small fortified villages, orchards and groves, to which a fine background is afforded by the dark pine forests and alpine snows of the Safed Koh. The beauty and climate of the valley attracted some of the Mogul emperors of Delhi, and the remains exist of a garden planted by Shah Jahan.

The Kurram River crosses the Afghan-Pakistan border about 80 km southwest of Jalalabad and in ancient times offered the most direct route to Kabul and Gardez, but the route crossed the Peiwar Pass 3,439 m (11,283 ft) high, just over 20 km west of Parachinar, which was blocked by snow for several months of the year.


Mohmand District

The Mohmand Agency () was created in 1951 before which the Mohmand Tribes were administered by the Deputy Commissioner based in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. However it was not until 1973 that the headquarters of the Mohmand agency were moved from Peshawar to Ekkagund. Now, the permanent agency headquarters is at Ghalanai, deep in the Mohmand agency. There is scant rainfall and little irrigated land, a factor responsible for the large demographic movements of the Mohmands to the fertile lands of Charsadda and Mardan districts to the east.

Sher Alam Mahsud is the "political agent" (or governor) of Mohmand as of July 2007


Orakzai District

Orakzai Agency is one of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. It has a population of 450,000 and an area of 700 square miles.


North Waziristan District

North Waziristan () is the northern part of Waziristan, a mountainous region of northwest Pakistan, bordering Afghanistan and covering some 11 585 km² (4,473 mi²). It comprises the area west and south-west of Peshawar between the Tochi river to the north and the Gomal river to the south, forming part of Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). Miran Shah is capital of North Waziristan and (FATA). The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa lies immediately to the east. The region was an independent tribal territory from 1893, remaining outside of the British empire and Afghanistan. Tribal raiding into British territory was a constant problem for the British, requiring frequent punitive expeditions between 1860 and 1945. The region became part of Pakistan on independence in 1947.


Miran Shah

Miranshah () is a town in North Waziristan Agency and the capital city of Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). in Pakistan. It houses a large refugee camp for displaced Afghans from the time of the Soviet war in Afghanistan. It is otherwise not a very notable place, with few amenities or comforts.

South Waziristan District

South Waziristan () is the southern part of Waziristan, a mountainous region of northwest Pakistan, bordering Afghanistan and covering some 11,585 km² (4,473 mi²). It comprises the area west and southwest of Peshawar between the Tochi River to the north and the Gomal river to the south, forming part of Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province lies immediately to the east. The region was an independent tribal territory from 1893, remaining outside of British-ruled empire and Afghanistan. Tribal raiding into British-ruled territory was a constant problem for the British, requiring frequent punitive expeditions between 1860 and 1945. The region became part of Pakistan in 1947.


National Football League playoffs

The National Football League (NFL) playoffs are a single-elimination tournament that happen at the end of the 17-game regular season. The team who wins all these playoff games is the NFL champion. 


1981–82 NHL season

The 1981–82 NHL season was the 65th season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. The William M. Jennings Trophy made its debut this year as the trophy for the goaltenders from the team with the fewest goals against. The New York Islanders won their third straight Stanley Cup by beating the Vancouver Canucks in four games.

Prior to the start of the season, the divisions of the league were re-aligned to better reflect the locations of the teams. The Patrick Division, which had been in the Clarence Campbell Conference, switched to the Prince of Wales Conference, while the Norris Division went the other way, going from the Wales Conference to the Campbell Conference. This divisional alignment existed until the 1993-94 season, at which point both the divisions and the conferences of the league were renamed to reflect geography.

"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
New York Islanders vs. Vancouver Canucks

"New York wins the series 4–0."

The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1981–82 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1981–82 (listed with their last team):


List of NHL franchise post-season appearance streaks

These are lists of active and all-time National Hockey League (NHL) franchise post-season appearance, post-season series win, Stanley Cup Final and Stanley Cup streaks up to and including the 2017–18 NHL season and subsequent 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs. These lists do not include the canceled 2004–05 NHL season.

A post-season appearance streak is continued by making the NHL playoffs in consecutive years after the regular season. Since the first round of the playoffs consists of 8 series, there will always be 16 teams in this list (of the 31 teams in the NHL). 

This is a list of teams that have active post-season series win streaks. A post-season series win streak is continued by making the post-season and winning at least the first round series of the playoffs. Since the first round of the playoffs consists of 16 teams in 8 series, there will always be 8 teams in this list, the winners of those series.

This section has been updated to include teams who appeared in the 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs.

Consecutive seasons with at least one series victory.

Franz Xaver Süßmayr

Franz Xaver Süßmayr (also spelled "Süssmayr", born Schwanenstadt, Austria, 1766; died Vienna, 17 September 1803) was an Austrian composer. He is often remembered for finishing Mozart’s Requiem which Mozart had not finished when he died.

His father was a sacristan and teacher. His mother died when he was 6, and he left home at 13. He went to Kremsmünster to study in a Benedictine monastery. When his voice changed, he became a member of the orchestra as a violinist.

The abbey performed operas and Singspiele, so he had the opportunity to study the operas of Christoph Willibald Gluck and Antonio Salieri. He composed a number of stage works and a good deal of church music for the abbey.

After 1787 he became a student of Salieri in Vienna. In 1792 he also became the vice-director and composer at the Kärntnertortheater.

He helped Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart by copying out the music for "La clemenza di Tito" and "Die Zauberflöte" in 1791. In the same year Mozart died. He had not finished composing his Requiem. Süssmayr finished composing it and handed the completed work to Constanze, Mozart’s widow.

He composed Singspiele (German operas with spoken dialogue), and became Kapellmeister at the National Theater From this time until 1800, he was very successful and popular on the Viennese music scene. However, he became ill with tuberculosis and had to stop work. He died three years later in 1803.

Catch Me If You Can (book)

Catch Me If You Can is a 1980 book by Frank Abagnale. It talks about the four years that Abagnale was a con artist. Abagnale sold the rights to make a movie before writing the book. He wrote the book with a person named Stan Redding. The movie "Catch Me If You Can" was released in 2002.

Maronite Church

Maronites (, transliterated: Mawārinah, , ) are members of one of the Syriac Eastern Catholic Churches, with a heritage reaching back to Maron in the early 5th century. The first Maronite patriarch, John Maron, was appointed in the late 7th century. Although reduced in numbers and estimated to have lost their status as a majority in Lebanon itself. Today, Maronites remain one of the principal religious groups in the country.

Before the conquest by Arabian Muslims reached Lebanon, which resulted in the Arabization of both those who would become Islamized and those that would remain non-Islamized, the Lebanese people, including Maronites, spoke a dialect of Aramaic, but have been Arabic-speaking since at least the 15th century. Syriac however, still remains the liturgical language of the Maronite Church.

Pantomime

Pantomime (often called panto) is a kind of theatre entertainment usually performed around Christmas and the New Year in Britain and a few other English-speaking countries. It must not be confused with mime (acting with gestures but no speech). It is known for its comedy and audience participation. Pantomimes are usually meant for children-however they can be directed at adults.

A "pantomimos" in Ancient Greece used to be an entertainment performed by a solo dancer. In the Middle Ages a form of theatre developed called Commedia dell'arte. This was similar to a pantomime. They told a story which had certain fixed characters: the lovers, the father, the servants etc.

The pantomime first arrived in England as a short entertainment (entr'acte) between opera pieces. Eventually it became a separate show.

Today the pantomime is traditionally performed at Christmas. It is a show for children, but grownups like it as well. Usually a well-known story is told, e.g. Cinderella, Jack and the Beanstalk, Pinocchio, The Three Little Pigs, Puss in Boots, The Musicians of Bremen, Little Red Riding Hood and Goldilocks and the Three Bears and Snow White etc. There is a lot of spoken dialogue but there are also songs, and sometimes the audience join in. There are many traditions in pantomime. These are some of the main ones:



Michael Collins (astronaut)

Michael Collins (October 31, 1930 – April 28, 2021) was an American astronaut and test pilot. He was the pilot of the Apollo 11 mission to the moon.

Collins went to the United States Military Academy. After training, he joined the United States Air Force. He flew F-86s at Chambley-Bussieres Air Base, France. He got into the USAF Experimental Flight Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base in 1960. He tried to get into the second astronaut training group but he was not accepted. He did get into the third group.

Collins joined the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963. He had 2 space flights. His first spaceflight was in Gemini 10. With John Young they joined up in space with two different spacecraft. Collins also did two space walks. 

His second space flight was in "Apollo 11" where he was the command module pilot. While he kept going around the Moon, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the lunar surface. He is one of only 24 people to have flown to the Moon.

Collins left NASA in 1970. He took a job in the Department of State as Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs during the Richard Nixon presidency. A year later he became the director of the National Air and Space Museum. He did this job until 1978. He then became the undersecretary of the Smithsonian Institution. In 1980 he took the job as Vice President of LTV Aerospace. He left in 1985 to start his own business.

He was married to Patricia. They have three children: Kate, Ann and Michael, Jr. Kate is an actress, best known for her role as Natalie Marlowe Dillon in the daytime television drama "All My Children."

Collins died of cancer in Naples, Florida on April 28, 2021 at the age of 90.

Saturn V

Saturn V was the launch vehicle used by NASA in the Apollo program. The Saturn V carried Apollo 11 to the Moon in 1969, after years of trial, study, and research into its design. Much of the rocket was designed by German engineer and scientist Wernher von Braun, who had previously created the V2 rocket under Nazi Germany. 32 Saturn-model rockets were sent up into space in total, with the launches split between the smaller Saturn I, and its bigger sibling, the Saturn V. 15 Saturn V rockets were made, and 13 were sent up to space for missions. There were two Saturn V's launched with no people in them, used as 'dress rehearsals', with the first manned Apollo flight using a Saturn V being Apollo 8, which was sent around the Moon on December 21, 1968.The Saturn V rocket was a three-part machine. It stood high and weighed . The first rockets were able to carry , which went up to for the later Apollo flights. The first and second stages gave the power needed to lift the rocket off of Earth, intended to break through the atmosphere, so that the weaker third stage could go the rest of the way. The first and second stages each had five engines. The first stage burned kerosene and liquid oxygen together, with the other stages burning a mixture of liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. 

The first stage engines burned for 168 seconds and was able to lift Apollo about off of from the launch pad. The second stage burned for about 8 minutes, in order to take Apollo through the upper atmosphere. By this time, it was traveling at .

The third stage was used for 2 minutes and 30 seconds to put Apollo into an Earth orbit. This was at a height of above the Earth. The third stage was started again and burned for 6 minutes to make the speed go up to needed to send Apollo off to the Moon.




Kajaani

Kajaani () is a town in the region of Kainuu, Finland. In 2009, it had a population of about 38,000. It covers an area of .

The forestry and lumber industries are important in Kajaani.

The former municipality of Vuolijoki was merged with Kajaani in 2007.


Michael Collins

There are several people named Michael Collins:


Michael Collins (Irish leader)

Michael "Mick" Collins ( 16 October 1890 – 22 August 1922) was an Irish revolutionary leader. He was a Minister for Finance and Teachta Dála (TD "member of parliament") for Cork South in the First Dáil of 1919. He was also the Director of Intelligence for the Southern IRA, and member of the Irish delegation during the Anglo-Irish Treaty negotiations. After that he was both Chairman of the Provisional Government and Commander-in-chief of the National Army. Throughout this time, at least as of 1919, he was also President of the Irish Republican Brotherhood. Under the rules of the Brotherhood this meant that he was President of the Irish Republic. Collins was shot and killed in August 1922, during the Irish Civil War.

He was born on his family farm named Woodfield in Sam's Cross near Clonakilty, West Cork. Michael Collins was the third son and youngest of eight children. Most biographies state his date of birth as 16 October 1890; however, his tombstone gives his date of birth as 12 October 1890. His father, also named Michael, was a member of the republican Fenian movement, but had left and settled down to farming. Collins was six years old when his father died.

After leaving school aged 15, Collins took the British Civil Service examination in Cork in February 1906. In 1910, he moved to London where he became a messenger at a London firm of stock brokers, Horne and Company. While in London he lived with his elder sister, and studied at King's College London. He joined the London GAA and, through this, the Irish Republican Brotherhood, a secret, oath-bound society dedicated to achieving Irish independence. In 1915, he moved to the Guaranty Trust Company of New York where he remained until his return to Ireland the following year.

Michael Collins first became known during the Easter Rising in 1916. A skilled organiser and very intelligent, he was highly respected in the IRB. When the Rising itself took place on Easter Monday, 1916, he fought alongside Patrick Pearse and others in the General Post Office in Dublin.

Collins, like many of the other participants, was arrested, almost executed. He was imprisoned at Frongoch internment camp. Collins became one of the leading figures in Sinn Féin after the Rising. This was a small nationalist party which the British government and the Irish media mistakenly accredited the Rising to. By October 1917, Collins had become a member of the executive of Sinn Féin and Director of Organisation of the Irish Volunteers. Éamon de Valera was president of both organisations.

Collins was nominated in the 1918 general election to elect Irish MPs to the British House of Commons in London. Collins won for Sinn Féin, becoming MP for Cork South. However, unlike their rivals in the Irish Parliamentary Party, Sinn Féin MPs had announced that they would not take their seats in Westminster, but instead would set up an Irish Parliament in Dublin.

That new parliament, called "Dáil Éireann" (meaning "Assembly of Ireland") met in the Mansion House, Dublin in January 1919, although De Valera and leading Sinn Féin MPs had been arrested.

In de Valera's absence, Cathal Brugha was elected Príomh Aire ('Main' or 'Prime', Minister', but often translated as 'President of Dáil Éireann'). He was replaced by de Valera, when Collins helped him escape from Lincoln Prison in April 1919.

The Irish War of Independence began on the same day that the First Dáil met on 21 January 1919. An ambush party of IRA volunteers acting without orders and led by Seán Treacy attacked a group of Royal Irish Constabulary men. They were escorting a shipment of gelignite to a quarry in Soloheadbeg, County Tipperary. Two policemen were shot dead during the fight. This incident is considered to be the first action taken in the Irish War of Independence.

In 1919, Collins had a number of roles. In the summer he was elected president of the IRB, Director of Intelligence of the Irish Republican Army. He also became the Minister for Finance. His ministry was able to organise a large bond issue in the form of a "National Loan" to fund the new Irish Republic. Collins and Richard Mulcahy were the two main organisers for the Irish Republican Army, in as far as it was possible to direct the actions of disorganised guerrilla units.

In 1920, the British offered a prize of £10,000 (equivalent to GB£474,000.00 / €535,026.83 in 2017) for information leading to the capture or death of Collins. His fame had so transcended the IRA movement that he was nicknamed "The Big Fellow".

In July 1921, the British suddenly offered a truce. Arrangements were made for a conference between the British government and the leaders of the as-yet unrecognised Irish Republic.

In August 1921, Eamonn de Valera made the Dáil upgrade his office from Prime Minister to President of the Irish Republic. This made him on the same level as George V in the negotiations. Eventually, however, he said that as the King would not attend, then neither would he. Instead, with the reluctant agreement of his cabinet, de Valera assembled a team of delegates to go in his place. The team was headed by Vice-President Arthur Griffith with Collins as Deputy.

The negotiations resulted in the Anglo-Irish Treaty which was signed on 6 December 1921. In it, a new state was agreed upon, called the "Irish Free State". The agreement made an all-Ireland state possible. The six-county region in the northeast could opt out of the Free State if they wanted to. If this happened, an Irish Boundary Commission was to redraw the Irish border. The Irish Free State was established in December 1922, and as expected, Northern Ireland opted to remain part of the United Kingdom proper.

Although it was not the republic he was fighting for, Collins concluded that the Treaty offered Ireland "the freedom to achieve freedom." He knew that the treaty, and in particular the issue of partition, would not be popular in Ireland. When he signed the treaty, he said "I have signed my own death warrant."

Sinn Féin split over the treaty, and the Dáil debated the matter bitterly for ten days until it was approved by a vote of 64 to 57. The Supreme Council of the IRB, which was informed in detail about the Treaty negotiations voted unanimously ("without exceptions") to accept the Treaty. The only exception was the later COS of the IRA Liam Lynch.

As expected, the Treaty was extremely controversial in Ireland.

First, Éamon de Valera, President of the Irish Republic until 9 January, had been unhappy that Collins had signed any deal without his and his cabinet's authorisation.

Second, the contents of the Treaty were bitterly disputed. De Valera and many other members of the republican movement did not want Ireland to be a dominion of the British Empire. They did not like the "symbolism" of having to give a statement of faithfulness to the British king.

The dividing of Ireland between the Irish Free State and Northern Ireland was not as controversial. One of the main reasons for this was that Collins was secretly planning to launch a guerrilla war against the Northern State. In the early months of 1922, he had sent IRA units to the border, and arms and money to the northern units. In May–June 1922, he and IRA Chief of Staff Liam Lynch organised an attack of both pro- and anti-treaty IRA units along the new border. This offensive was officially called off under British pressure on 3 June and Collins issued a statement that "no troops from the 26 counties, either those under official control [pro-treaty] or those attached to the [IRA] Executive [anti-treaty] should be permitted to invade the six county area."

The new Provisional Government () was formed under Collins, who became "President of the Provisional Government of Southern Ireland" (i.e., Prime Minister). He also remained Minister for Finance of Griffith's republican administration after de Valera stepped down.

In the months leading up to the outbreak of civil war in June 1922, Collins tried to heal the split in the nationalist movement and prevent civil war. De Valera, having opposed the Treaty in the Dáil, withdrew from the assembly with his supporters. Collins secured a compromise, "The Collins/De Valera Pact", whereby the two factions of Sinn Féin, pro- and anti-Treaty, would fight the soon-to-be Free State's first election jointly and form a coalition government afterwards. This Pact was agreed without Griffith's knowledge and he opposed it as a potential betrayal of the Treaty. For a time it appeared that a split would occur in the pro-Treaty ranks but Griffith relented realizing that Collins held all the power. His friendship with Collins did not survive. 

To try and find a compromise, Collins proposed that the Free State would have a republican constitution, with no mention of the British king. However, the British did not sign the proposed republican constitution. They argued they had signed the Treaty in good faith and its terms could not be changed so quickly.

On 14 April 1922, a group of 200 anti-Treaty IRA men occupied the Four Courts in Dublin in defiance of the Provisional government. Collins, who wanted to avoid civil war at all costs, did not attack them until June 1922, when British pressure also forced his hand. After a final attempt to persuade the men to leave, Collins borrowed two 18 pounder artillery pieces from the British and bombarded the Four Courts until the men surrendered.

This led to the Irish Civil War as fighting broke out in Dublin between the anti-Treaty IRA and the provisional government's troops.

Under Collins' supervision, the Free State rapidly took control of the capital. In July 1922, anti-Treaty forces held the southern province of Munster and several other areas of the country. De Valera and the other anti-Treaty TDs supported the anti-Treaty IRA.

By mid-1922, Collins no longer really worked as Chairman of the Provisional Government. He became the Commander-in-Chief of the National Army, a formal uniformed army that formed around the pro-Treaty IRA.

Collins, along with Richard Mulcahy and Eoin O'Duffy decided on a series of seaborne landings into republican held areas. They re-took Munster and the west in July–August 1922. As part of this offensive, Collins travelled to his native Cork. This was against the advice of his companions, and despite suffering from stomach ache and depression. Collins is said to have told his comrades that "They wouldn't shoot me in my own county".
He recorded his plan for peace in his diary: Republicans must "accept the People's Verdict" on the Treaty, but could then "go home without their arms ("guns"). We don't ask for any surrender of their principles". "We want to avoid any possible unnecessary destruction and loss of life." But if Republicans did not accept his terms, "further blood is on their shoulders".

On the road to Bandon, at the village of "Béal na mBláth" (Irish, "the Mouth of Flowers"), Collins stopped to ask directions. However the man whom they asked, Dinny Long, was also a member of the local Anti-Treaty IRA. An ambush was then prepared for the convoy when it made its journey back to Cork city. They knew Collins would return by the same road as the two other roads from Bandon to Cork were destroyed by Republicans. The ambush party, commanded by Liam Deasy, opened fire on Collins' convoy.

Collins was killed in the gun battle, which lasted about 20 minutes, from 8:00 p.m. to 8:20 p.m. He was the only fatality. He had ordered his convoy to stop and return fire, instead of choosing the safer option of driving on in his touring car or transferring to the safety of the accompanying armoured car, as his companion, Emmet Dalton, had wished. They do not know who fired the fatal shot.

Collins' men brought his body back to Cork where it was then shipped to Dublin because it was feared the body might be stolen in an ambush if it were transported by road. His body lay in state for three days in Dublin City Hall where tens of thousands of mourners walked past his coffin to pay their respects. His funeral mass took place at Dublin's Pro Cathedral where a number of foreign and Irish dignitaries were in attendance. Some 500,000 people attended his funeral, almost one fifth of the country's population.

Eamon de Valera is reported to have stated in 1966:

"I can't see my way to becoming Patron of the Michael Collins Foundation. It is my considered opinion that in the fullness of time history will record the greatness of Collins and it will be recorded at my expense"
However, there is some doubt that de Valera ever made this controversial statement.

An annual commemoration ceremony takes place each year in August at the ambush site at Béal na mBláth, Cork. There is also a remembrance ceremony in Glasnevin at Collins' graveside. In November 2023 a bronze statue of him with a bicycle was put in the Grand Parade in Cork city, near where he spent the last night of his life.

The Collins 22 Society established in 2002 is an international organisation dedicated to keeping the name and legacy of Michael Collins in living memory. The patron of the society is Nora Owen, grand-niece of Michael Collins.

The 1936 movie "Beloved Enemy", starring David Niven, is a fictionalised account of Collins' life. Unlike the real Michael Collins, the fictionalised "Dennis Riordan" (played by Brian Aherne) is shot, but recovers. "Hang Up Your Brightest Colours", a British documentary by Kenneth Griffith, was made for ITV in 1973, but refused transmission. It was eventually screened by the BBC in Wales in 1993 and across the United Kingdom the following year.

An Irish documentary made by Colm Connolly for RTE Television in 1989 called "The Shadow of Béal na Bláth" covered Collins' death. A made for TV film, "The Treaty", was produced in 1991 and starred Brendan Gleeson as Collins and Ian Bannen as David Lloyd George. In 2007 RTE produced a documentary entitled "Get Collins", centered around the intelligence war which took place in Dublin.

Collins was the subject of director Neil Jordan's 1996 film "Michael Collins", with Liam Neeson in the title role.



Sophora davidii

Sophora davidii is a deciduous shrub from south-west China. It can grow up to 3 metres tall. It has blue and white pea flowers and is also known a David mountain laurel. It has been gathered in Texas.


School

A school is an educational environment where children go to learn from a teacher. Topics such as reading, writing, and mathematics are central to education. 

Most of a student's time is spent in a classroom. This is where 10 to 30 people sit to take part in educational discussion. In the United States, the average number of students per classroom in primary schools is 23.1. 

The term "school" is used for many educational environments particularly in North America. In North America, a person taking a first degree at a university is often self-described as "going to school". In Europe that would never be the case. They would describe themselves as "going to university". The style of university education can be so different between countries. 

There are different types of schools: elementary schools (primary in the UK), middle schools (secondary in the UK), and so on.

In many places around the world, children must go to school for a certain number of years. Learning may take place in the classroom, in outside environments, or on visits to other places. Colleges and universities are places to learn for students over 17 or 18 years of age. Vocational schools teach skills people need for jobs.

Some people attend school longer than others. This is because some jobs require more training than others, like for example becoming a doctor takes about 10-14 years of education. For young children, one teacher may teach all subjects. Teachers for older students are more specialized, and they only teach a few subjects. Common subjects taught include science, arts such as music, humanities, like geography and history, and languages.

Children with mental health problems, and problems such as autism and other conditions, usually do not go to regular schools. These children are given other ways to get schooling, like special schools. There also are special schools which teach things which regular schools do not. 

Graduate schools are in universities. They are for students who have graduated with a first degree from colleges and universities. The aim is to offer Masters and PhD courses to the best students.

Education for all is quite modern. In England, for example, most men could not read or write, even early in the 19th century. We know this because when they got married, those who could not write put an 'X' on the certificate, and someone else wrote down their name. At the time, most women could write, because they stayed at home. Widespread education for reading and writing began in the 19th century. 

Long ago, most schools were run by religious denominations. That is because clerics were once almost the only people who were literate: they were able to read and write. 

In most countries, boys were taught differently to girls, and separately from girls. Today, most countries have schools which accept both boys and girls, though some places still have separate schools for girls. Some parents believe that girls do better in single-sex schools.

In many parts of the world, schools also help children learn things about life.

Pedagogy is the science of teaching children. Different schools use different ways of teaching. There is quite a lot of disagreement about what and how students should be taught. Many countries solve this by allowing different types of schools, so parents and children have some choice. Choices may include home education, which is a controversial idea. Few people do this. Even in pre-modern times, most children were taught in groups. Age grouping is also ancient. It was done in many African tribes for a long time before the present.

A British term which means roughly "a secondary school for all children in a particular neighbourhood". It includes the idea of taking both boys and girls in one school, and the idea of taking children of all abilities. In practice it has many of the problems which are endemic in American high schools. Among its main faults are said to be: putting girls and boys together at the sensitive time of puberty, and the behavioural problems associated with having such a wide range of young people in a large school. Evidence for lowered standards for examinations are disputed, but widely believed to be true.

Boarding schools are schools where children are sent to live on a school campus without their parents. They are expensive, and so are chosen by parents with means. They are not for the average family. They are usually elite schools with the best teachers that money can buy. Children may even be sent to another country. Switzerland is one of the favoured countries. On the other hand, most Western countries have first-rate boarding schools. In England, many public schools are boarding schools. The term "public school" here has a special meaning: it really means "private school". 

Some benefits of boarding schools are that students may develop skills for working with their peers. But there are other effects: The poet Robert Graves explains:

"Preparatory schoolboys live in a world completely dissociated from home life. They have a different vocabulary, a different moral system, even different voices. On their return to school from the holidays the change-over from home-self to school-self is almost instantaneous, whereas the reverse process takes a fortnight at least. A preparatory schoolboy, when caught off his guard, will call his mother 'Please, matron,' and always addresses any male relative or friend of the family as 'Sir', like a master. I used to do it".

Worthing

Worthing is the largest town in West Sussex, England.

Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award

The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player or Super Bowl MVP, is an award given at the end of the Super Bowl, the National Football League's championship game, to the player who was the best in the game.



Happy Meal

A Happy Meal is a meal made by McDonald's, and aimed at children. They come in a cardboard box, containing a main meal, usually a hamburger, cheeseburger, or McNuggets; french fries; a small drink; and a toy. Sometimes the toy ties in with a movie release.

Dalhem

Dalhem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 6585 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 05° 43 East.

Daverdisse

Daverdisse is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 1372 people lived there.

It is at 50° 01 North, 05° 07 East.

De Haan, Belgium

De Haan is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 12177 people lived there.

It is at 51° 16 North, 03° 01 East.

De Panne

De Panne is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 10153 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 02° 35 East.

De Pinte

De Pinte is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007 its population was 10273.

It is at 50° 59 North, 03° 39 East.

Deerlijk

Deerlijk is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 11372 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 03° 21 East.

Deinze

Deinze is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, the municipality of Nevele was merged into Deinze.

In 2007 its population was 28593.

Denderleeuw

Denderleeuw is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 17493 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 04° 05 East.

Dendermonde

Dendermonde is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 43521 people lived there.

It is at 51° 01 North, 04° 06 East.

Dentergem

Dentergem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 8,191 people lived there.

It is at 50° 57 North, 03° 25 East.

Dessel

Dessel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 8865 people lived there.

It is at 51° 14 North, 05° 06 East.

Destelbergen

Destelbergen is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007 its population was 17239.

It is at 51° 03 North, 03° 48 East.

Diepenbeek

Diepenbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 17874 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 05° 25 East.

Diest

Diest is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 22845 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 05° 03 East.

Diksmuide

Diksmuide is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 15764 people lived there.

It is at 51° 02 North, 02° 51 East.

Dilbeek

Dilbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 39585 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 15 East.

Dilsen-Stokkem

Dilsen-Stokkem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 19,171 people lived there.

It is at 51° 02 North, 05° 43 East.

Dinant

Dinant is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.
In 2007, 13143 people lived there.

It is at 50° 15 North, 04° 54 East.


Dison

Dison is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2018, 15,405 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 05° 51 East.

Doische

Doische is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 2912 people lived there.

It is at 50° 08 North, 04° 44 East.

Donceel

Donceel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2835 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 05° 19 East.

Dour

Dour is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, its population was 16882.

It is found at 50° 23 North, 03° 46 East.

Drogenbos

Drogenbos is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 4822 people lived there.

It is at 50° 47 North, 04° 19 East.

Duffel

Duffel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 16,140 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 04° 30 East.

Durbuy

Durbuy is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 10633 people lived there.

It is at 50° 21 North, 05° 27 East.

Ecaussinnes

Ecaussinnes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 10042 people lived there.

It is at 50° 34 North, 04° 10 East.

Edegem

Edegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 21616 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 26 East.

Eeklo

Eeklo is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 19645 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 03° 34 East.

Eghezée

Eghezée is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 14619 people lived there.

It is at 50° 35 North, 04° 54 East.

Ellezelles

Ellezelles is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 5711 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 03° 40 East.

Ixelles

Ixelles (in French) or Elsene (in Dutch) is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 78088 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 04° 22 East.


Enghien

Enghien is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 12294 people lived there.

It is at 50° 41 North, 04° 02 East.

Engis

Engis is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 5,715 people lived there.

It is at 50° 34 North, 05° 24 East.

Erezée

Erezée is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2968 people lived there.

It is at 50° 17 North, 05° 33 East.

Erpe-Mere

Erpe-Mere is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007 its population was 19056.

It is at 50° 56 North, 03° 58 East.

Erquelinnes

Erquelinnes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 9570 people lived there.

It is at 50° 18 North, 04° 06 East.

Esneux

Esneux is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 13073 people lived there.

It is at 50° 32 North, 05° 34 East.

Essen, Belgium

Essen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. The municipality includes the towns of Essen Centrum, Heikant, Horendonk, Wildert, Statie en Hoek. On January 1, 2007 Essen had a total population of 17,143. The total area is 47.48 km² which gives a population density of 358 inhabitants per km².

The town is near the border with the Netherlands. Its train station is the last one in Belgium, the next station is Roosendaal, Noord-Brabant, Netherlands.



Estaimpuis

Estaimpuis is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 9781 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 03° 15 East.

Estinnes

Estinnes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 7,408 people lived there.

It is at 50° 23 North, 04° 05 East.

Étalle

Etalle is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5389 people lived there.

It is at 49° 40 North, 05° 36 East.

Etterbeek

Etterbeek is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 42342 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 04° 23 East.

Eupen

Eupen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. The old French name of the town was "Néau".

In 2007, 18,313 people lived there.

It is at 50° 37 North, 06° 02 East.

Eupen is a strange place in Belgium as most people do not speak either French or Dutch - they speak German instead.

Evere

Evere is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 34128 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 24 East.

Evergem

Evergem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 32,373 people lived there.

It is at 51° 06 North, 03° 42 East.

Isaac (disambiguation)

Isaac [ ahy-z"uh"k ] is a person in the Abrahamic religions. He is described in the Bible. Isaac is a name with a long-standing history and significant meaning. Its origins can be traced back to the Hebrew name Yitzchak, which translates to "he will laugh" or "he will rejoice." In the Bible, Isaac is identified as the son of Abraham and Sarah, who were blessed with his birth despite their advanced age. Isaac is recognized as one of the key figures in Judaism and is revered as a prophet in Islam. This name was ranked #40 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

It can also refer to other things:

Isaac is a popular given name, generally in reference to the Biblical person. Some famous people named Isaac are:




Faimes

Faimes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3541 people lived there.

It is at 50° 39 North, 05° 15 East.

Farciennes

Farciennes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 11071 people lived there.

It is at 50° 25 North, 04° 33 East.

Fauvillers

Fauvillers is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2071 people lived there.

It is at .

Fernelmont

Fernelmont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 6749 people lived there.

It is at 50° 32 North, 04° 58 East.

Ferrières

Ferrières is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 4505 people lived there.

It is at 50° 23 North, 05° 36 East.

Fexhe-le-Haut-Clocher

Fexhe-le-Haut-Clocher is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. In 2007, 3066 people lived there.
It is at 50° 40 North, 05° 23 East.

Flémalle

Flémalle is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 25021 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 05° 28 East.

Fléron

Fléron is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 16139 people lived there.

It is at 50° 37 North, 05° 41 East.

Fleurus

Fleurus is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 22272 people lived there.

It is at 50° 29 North, 04° 33 East.

Flobecq

Flobecq is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 3270 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 03° 44 East.

Floreffe

Floreffe is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 7506 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 04° 45 East.

Florennes

Florennes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 10825 people lived there.

It is at 50° 15 North, 04° 36 East.

Florenville

Florenville is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5448 people lived there.

It is at .

Fontaine-l'Evêque

Fontaine-l'Evêque is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, it had 16754 people.

It is at 50° 24 North, 04° 19 East.

Fosses-la-Ville

Fosses-la-Ville is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 9444 people lived there.

It is at 50° 23 North, 04° 41 East.

Frameries

Frameries is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 20729 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 03° 53 East.

Frasnes-lez-Anvaing

Frasnes-lez-Anvaing is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 11078 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 03° 37 East.

Froidchapelle

Froidchapelle is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 3609 people lived there.

It is at 50° 09 North, 04° 19 East.

Galmaarden

Galmaarden is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 8158 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 03° 58 East.

Ganshoren

Ganshoren is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 21395 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 18 East.

Gavere

Gavere is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 12179 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 03° 39 East.

Gedinne

Gedinne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 4445 people lived there.

It is at 49° 58 North, 04° 56 East.

Geel

Geel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. In 2007, there were 35,502 living there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 59 East.

Geer

Geer is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2946 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 05° 10 East.

Geetbets

Geetbets is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 5786 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 05° 07 East.

Gembloux

Gembloux is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 22074 people lived there.

It is at 50° 33 North, 04° 41 East.

Genappe

Genappe is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 14277 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 04° 27 East.

Genk

Genk is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. It is known for its football club K.R.C. Genk.

In 2007, 64095 people lived there.

It is at 50° 57 North, 05° 30 East.

Ghent

Gent is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. In 2019, 262,219 people lived there.

It is at .

Ghent is known for its cultural landmarks and punk rock music industry. 


Geraardsbergen

Geraardsbergen is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 31543 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 03° 53 East.

Gerpinnes

Gerpinnes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 12064 people lived there.

It is at 50° 20 North, 04° 31 East.

Gesves

Gesves is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 6441 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 05° 04 East.

Gingelom

Gingelom is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 7879 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 05° 08 East.

Gistel

Gistel is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 11170 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 02° 58 East.

Glabbeek

Glabbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 5216 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 56 East.

Gooik

Gooik is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 8879 people lived there.

It is at 50° 47 North, 04° 07 East.

Gouvy

Gouvy is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4780 people lived there.

It is at 50° 11 North, 05° 56 East.

Grâce-Hollogne

Grâce-Hollogne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 21854 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 05° 30 East.

Grez-Doiceau

Grez-Doiceau is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 12473 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 04° 41 East.

Grimbergen

Grimbergen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 34320 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 04° 22 East.

Grobbendonk

Grobbendonk is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 10801 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 04° 44 East.

Haacht

Haacht is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2018, 14,470 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 04° 38 East.

Wild card (sports)

The word wild card mostly means a tournament or playoff berth given to a person or team that did not make that playoff or tournament through normal play.

Haaltert

Haaltert is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 17442 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 04° 00 East.

Habay

Habay is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 7903 people lived there.

It is at 49° 43 North, 05° 39 East.

Halen

Halen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 8678 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 05° 06 East.

Halle, Belgium

Halle is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2017, 38,680 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 04° 14 East.

It is known for the Hallerbos forest.

Ham, Belgium

Ham is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 9824 people lived there.

It is at 51° 06 North, 05° 10 East.

Ham-sur-Heure-Nalinnes

Ham-sur-Heure-Nalinnes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 13383 people lived there.

It is at 50° 19 North, 04° 23 East.

Hamme

Hamme is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 23368 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 04° 08 East.

Hamoir

Hamoir is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3616 people lived there.

It is at 50° 25 North, 05° 32 East.

Hamois

Hamois is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 6692 people lived there.

It is at 50° 20 North, 05° 09 East.

Hamont-Achel

Hamont-Achel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 13863 people lived there.

It is at 51° 15 North, 05° 32 East.

Hannut

Hannut is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 14468 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 05° 04 East.

Harelbeke

Harelbeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 26294 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 03° 18 East.

Hastière

Hastière is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur. The area has seven sub-municipalities. They are called Hastière-Lavaux, Hermeton-sur-Meuse, Waulsort, Hastière-par-delà, Blaimont, Heer, and Agimont.

In 2007, 5278 people lived there. This grew to 5979 by 2018.

It is at 50° 13 North, 04° 49 East.

Hastière is on the River Meuse, and its attractions include a church, gardens and the Castle of Freÿr.

Havelange

Havelange is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 4926 people lived there.

It is at 50° 23 North, 05° 14 East.

Hechtel-Eksel

Hechtel-Eksel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 11517 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 05° 21 East.

Heers

Heers is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 6812 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 05° 18 East.

Heist-op-den-Berg

Heist-op-den-Berg () is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 38721 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 04° 43 East.


Hélécine

Hélécine is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 3109 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 04° 59 East.

Hemiksem

Hemiksem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 9755 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 04° 20 East.

Hensies

Hensies is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 6731 people lived there.

It is at 39° 23 North, 69° 21 East.

Herbeumont

Herbeumont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 1536 people lived there.

It is at 49° 46 North, 05° 14 East.

Herent

Herent is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 19395 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 04° 40 East.

Herentals

Herentals is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 26152 people lived there.

It is at 51° 10 North, 04° 50 East.

Herenthout

Herenthout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 8462 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 04° 45 East.

Herk-de-Stad

Herk-de-Stad is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 11874 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 05° 10 East.

Herne, Belgium

Herne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 6483 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 04° 01 East.

Héron

Héron is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 4530 people lived there.

It is at 50° 33 North, 05° 05 East.

Herselt

Herselt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 13929 people lived there.

It is at 51° 03 North, 04° 52 East.

Herstal

Herstal is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 37720 people lived there.

It is at 50° 39 North, 05° 37 East.

Herstappe

Herstappe is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 85 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 05° 25 East.

Herve

Herve is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 16740 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 05° 47 East.

Herzele

Herzele is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 16822 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 03° 53 East.

Heusden-Zolder

Heusden-Zolder is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 31017 people lived there.

It is at 51° 02 North, 05° 16 East.

Heuvelland

Heuvelland is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 8177 people lived there.

It is at 50° 47 North, 02° 49 East.

Hoegaarden

Hoegaarden is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 6226 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 04° 53 East.

A beer, named after that town, is made there.

Hoeilaart

Hoeilaart is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 10040 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 04° 28 East.

Hoeselt

Hoeselt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 9343 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 05° 29 East.

Holsbeek

Holsbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 9395 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 04° 45 East.

Honnelles

Honnelles is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 5009 people lived there.

It is at 50° 20 North, 03° 44 East.

Hooglede

Hooglede is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 9867 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 03° 04 East.

Hoogstraten

Hoogstraten is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 18905 people lived there.

It is at 51° 24 North, 04° 45 East.

Horebeke

Horebeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 2054 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 03° 41 East.

Hotton

Hotton is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5043 people lived there.

It is at 50° 16 North, 05° 26 East.

Houffalize

Houffalize is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4802 people lived there.

It is at 50° 08 North, 05° 47 East.

Houthalen-Helchteren

Houthalen-Helchteren is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 30050 people lived there.

It is at 51° 01 North, 05° 22 East.

Houthulst

Houthulst is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 9104 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 02° 57 East.

Houyet

Houyet is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 4471 people lived there.

It is at 50° 11 North, 05° 00 East.

Hove

Hove is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 8298 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 28 East.

Huldenberg

Huldenberg is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 9261 people lived there.

It is at 50° 47 North, 04° 35 East.

Hulshout

Hulshout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 9371 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 04° 47 East.

Huy

Huy is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007 its population was 20232.

It is at 50° 31 North, 05° 14 East.

Friedrich Rittelmeyer

Friedrich Rittelmeyer (5 October 1872 – 23 March 1938) was a German Protestant theologian. He was born in Dillingen an der Donau, Bavaria. From 1895 to 1922 he worked as a Lutheran pastor in Würzburg, Nuremberg and Berlin. In 1922 he became the founder (and leader up to his death) of The Christian Community, a christian denomination, inspired by anthroposophy. He died in Hamburg.

Ichtegem

Ichtegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 13493 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 03° 00 East.

Ypres

Ypres () is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders. The municipality is made up of the city of Ypres and the villages of Boezinge, Brielen, Dikkebus, Elverdinge, Hollebeke, Sint-Jan, Vlamertinge, Voormezele, Zillebeke, and Zuidschote. In 2007, 34919 people lived in the municipality. It is at 50° 51 North, 02° 53 East. Poison gas was first used here, in the Second Battle of Ypres in 1917.

Incourt

Incourt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 4619 people lived there.

It is at 50° 41 North, 04° 48 East.

Ingelmunster

Ingelmunster is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 10,646 people lived there.

Ittre

Ittre is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 6087 people lived there.

It is at 50° 39 North, 04° 15 East.

Izegem

Izegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 26486 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 03° 12 East.

Jabbeke

Jabbeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 13615 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 03° 05 East.

Jalhay

Jalhay is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 8004 people lived there.

It is at 50° 33 North, 05° 57 East.

Jemeppe-sur-Sambre

Jemeppe-sur-Sambre () is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 18056 people lived there.

It is at 50° 28 North, 04° 40 East.

Jette

Jette is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 43564 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 20 East.

Jodoigne

Jodoigne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 12644 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 04° 52 East.

Juprelle

Juprelle is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 8492 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 05° 31 East.

Jurbise

Jurbise is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 9695 people lived there.

It is at 50° 32 North, 03° 54 East.

Kalmthout

Kalmthout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 17504 people lived there.

It is at 51° 23 North, 04° 28 East.

Kampenhout

Kampenhout () is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 11060 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 04° 33 East.


Kapelle-op-den-Bos

Kapelle-op-den-Bos is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 8916 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 04° 21 East.

Kapellen, Belgium

Kapellen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 26104 people lived there.

It is at 51° 18 North, 04° 25 East.

Kaprijke

Kaprijke is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 6171 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 03° 37 East.

Kasterlee

Kasterlee is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 17988 people lived there.

It is at 51° 14 North, 04° 58 East.

Keerbergen

Keerbergen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 12580 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 04° 37 East.

Kelmis

Kelmis or La Calamine is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 10472 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 06° 00 East.

Kinrooi

Kinrooi is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 12,098 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 05° 44 East.

Kluisbergen

Kluisbergen is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 6258 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 03° 29 East.

Knesselare

Knesselare is a former municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, the municipality was merged into Aalter.

In 2007, 7894 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 03° 24 East.

Knokke-Heist

Knokke-Heist is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 34,132 people lived there.

It is at 51° 20 North, 03° 17 East.

Koekelare

Koekelare is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 8325 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 02° 58 East.

Koekelberg

Koekelberg is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 18,541 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 19 East.

Koksijde

Koksijde is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 21419 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 02° 38 East.

Kontich

Kontich is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2014, 20859 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 04° 26 East.

Kortemark

Kortemark is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 12060 people lived there.

It is at 51° 01 North, 03° 02 East.

Kortenaken

Kortenaken is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 7578 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 05° 03 East.

Kortenberg

Kortenberg is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 18424 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 04° 32 East.

Kortessem

Kortessem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 8153 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 05° 23 East.

Kortrijk

Kortrijk or Courtray (Courtrai in French) is a city in the Belgian province of West Flanders. The city is located along the river Leie (Lys). The centre is a well preserved historic area with a lot of shops and nice squares. The Beguinage (Begijnhof in Dutch) is a very well known historic part of the centre with well preserved medieval streets, houses, squares and alleys and was declared UNESCO World Heritage.

In 2010, some 75,000 (74,911) people lived there. (number of inhabitants in 2007)

It is situated at 50° 49 North, 03° 16 East.

Kraainem

Kraainem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 13,105 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 28 East.

Kruibeke

Kruibeke () is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 15,328 people lived there.

It is at 51° 10 North, 04° 18 East.

Kruishoutem

Kruishoutem is a former municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, Kruishoutem and Zingem were merged into the new municipality of Kruisem. In 2007, there were 8,152 people living there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 03° 31 East.

Kuurne

Kuurne is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 12626 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 03° 17 East.

La Bruyère

La Bruyère is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 8,379 people lived there.

It is at 50° 33 North, 04° 48 East.

La Hulpe

La Hulpe is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 7309 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 04° 29 East.

La Louvière

La Louvière is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2012, 78895 people lived there.

It is at 50° 28 North, 04° 11 East.

La Roche-en-Ardenne

La Roche-en-Ardenne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4348 people lived there.

It is at 50° 11 North, 05° 34 East.

Laakdal

Laakdal is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 14998 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 05° 01 East.

Laarne

Laarne is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. In 2007, 11,768 people lived there. It is at 51° 01 North, 03° 51 East.

Lanaken

Lanaken is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. In 2007 there were 24,724 people living in Lanaken. It is at 50° 53 North, 05° 39 East.

Landen

Landen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 14876 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 05° 04 East.

Langemark-Poelkapelle

Langemark-Poelkapelle is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 7774 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 02° 55 East.

Lasne

Lasne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 13994 people lived there.

It is at 50° 41 North, 04° 29 East.

Le Rœulx

Le Rœulx is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 7969 people lived there.

It is at 50° 30 North, 04° 06 East.

Lebbeke

Lebbeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007 its population was 17643.

It is at 51° 00 North, 04° 07 East.

Lede

Lede is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 17,195 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 03° 58 East.

Ledegem

Ledegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 9379 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 03° 07 East.

Léglise

Léglise is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4178 people lived there.

It is at 49° 48 North, 05° 32 East.

Lendelede

Lendelede is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 5411 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 03° 14 East.

Lennik

Lennik is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant. In the year 2007, 8,729 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 04° 09 East.

Lens, Belgium

Lens is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 4042 people lived there.

It is at 50° 33 North, 03° 54 East.

Leopoldsburg

Leopoldsburg is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 14472 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 05° 15 East.

Les Bons Villers

Les Bons Villers is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 8932 people lived there.

It is at 50° 32 North, 04° 26 East.

Lessines

Lessines is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 18025 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 03° 49 East.

Leuven

Leuven () or Louvain (, ; ) is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 91,942 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 42 East.

Leuven hosts Belgium's biggest university - Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. So, Leuven is very young populated city, and there were more than 45,000 students in Leuven in 2012.

Leuven also has a long history. The town hall in the city centre dates from the Middle Ages.

Leuven is twinned with:

Aside from the aforementioned cities, Leuven has friendly relations with: 

Leuze-en-Hainaut

Leuze-en-Hainaut is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 13300 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 03° 37 East.

Libin

Libin is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4655 people lived there.

It is at 49° 58 North, 05° 15 East.

Libramont-Chevigny

Libramont-Chevigny is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 9981 people lived there.

It is at 49° 55 North, 05° 22 East.

Lichtervelde

Lichtervelde is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 8438 people lived there.

It is at 51° 01 North, 03° 08 East.

Liedekerke

Liedekerke is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 12119 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 05 East.

Karyotype

A karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes in the nucleus of a eukaryote cell. The term is also used of the complete set of chromosomes in a species, or an individual organism. It describes the number of chromosomes, and what they look like under a light microscope. Attention is paid to their length, the position of the centromeres, any differences between the sex chromosomes, and any other physical characteristics. The preparation and study of karyotypes is part of cytogenetics (cytology and genetics).

The basic number of chromosomes in the somatic (body) cells of an individual or a species is called the "somatic number" and is designated "2n". Thus, in humans 2n = 46. In the sex cells the chromosome number is "n" (humans: n = 23).

So, in normal diploid organisms, chromosomes are present in two copies. There may, or may not, be sex chromosomes. Polyploid cells have multiple copies of chromosomes and haploid cells have single copies. The study of whole sets of chromosomes is sometimes known as "karyology". 

The chromosomes are depicted (by rearranging a microphotograph) in a standard format known as a "karyogram" or "idiogram": in pairs, ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size. This may be used for many purposes; such as, to show genetic disease, what sex the animal is and its diploid number. In humans, cytologists have used karyotypes to help identify genetic abnormalities a baby might have before it is born.

Karyotypes may be studied to gather information about past evolutionary events, such as polyploidy.


Liège

Liège ( , , ; ; ; ; ) is a city in Belgium. It is the cultural centre of the Walloon region of Belgium and the capital of the province of Liège. Liège is also seat of a Roman Catholic bishop. In 2007, 188,907 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 05° 34 East.

The first written trace of the city was found in 558 as "Leodicum" or "Vicus Leodicus". From 717, Liege was made the seat of a bishopric and became a cultural centre in the Middle Ages. These bishops ruled the city as Prince-Bishops until the 1790s. In the French Revolution, the cathedral was damaged, partially burned down and then completely detroyed. In the 19th century, the city lived on coal-mining, steel industry and trade. The region was the second biggest economic center in Europe after the UK in the 19th century.

Today Liege is a major educational hub, with a university and many high schools. It is a crossing point in Europe, Liège has the second biggest inner harbour and the 8th biggest cargo airport in Europe (Liège Airport). The city, that had a lot of problems since the 1970s because of the end of the steel industry and coal-mining, is now having a good economy thanks to the logistics and high tech industry (biotechnology, space industry, IT).


Lier, Belgium

Lier is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 33,259 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 04° 34 East.

Lierde

Lierde is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 6454 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 03° 50 East.

Lierneux

Lierneux is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3337 people lived there.

It is at 50° 17 North, 05° 47 East.

Lille (Belgium)

Lille is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 15628 people lived there.

It is at 51° 14 North, 04° 49 East.

Lincent

Lincent is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3055 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 05° 01 East.

Linkebeek

Linkebeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 4710 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 04° 20 East.

Lint, Belgium

Lint is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 8035 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 04° 29 East.

Linter

Linter is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 7038 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 05° 02 East.

Lo-Reninge

Lo-Reninge is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 3317 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 02° 45 East.

Lobbes

Lobbes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 5515 people lived there.

It is at 50° 20 North, 04° 16 East.

Lochristi

Lochristi is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 20395 people lived there. It is at 51° 05 North, 03° 50 East.

Lokeren

Lokeren is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2023, 43065 people lived there.

It is at 51° 06 North, 03° 59 East.

Lommel

Lommel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 32141 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 05° 18 East.

Londerzeel

Londerzeel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 17452 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 04° 18 East.

Idomeneo

Idomeneo is an opera seria with music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The libretto (words) are in Italian and were written by Giambattista Varesco. He based it on a French text by Antoine Danchet. In 1780 Mozart and Varesco were asked by the Elector of Bavaria to write an opera for a court carnival. 

"Idomeneo" was first performed in Munich on 29 January 1781. Mozart was only 24 years old. It was the first of his great operas.

Mozart wrote three different types of opera: " Idomeneo" is an opera seria (serious opera). These were written in Italian, and are about serious, dramatic stories, often stories from Ancient Greece or Rome. "La Clemenza di Tito" is also an opera seria. "Don Giovanni" is an example of a mixture of comic and serious opera, while "The Magic Flute" is a German opera in the Singspiel tradition.

"Idomeneo" has traditional recitatives and arias. The choruses, marches, and ballets were very much like French opera tradition. Mozart was inspired by the operas of Gluck.

The story, based on an Ancient Greek story, takes place on the Island of Crete, shortly after the Trojan War. Ilia is the daughter of the Trojan King Priam who has lost the war. Ilia has been taken to Crete. She loves Prince Idamante, son of the Cretan King Idomeneo, but does not want to tell him about her love for him. Idamante is kind and frees the Trojan prisoners. He tells Ilia that it is not his fault that their fathers were enemies. The Trojans and Cretans (people from Crete) both welcome the return of peace, but Electra, daughter of the Greek King Agamemnon is jealous of Ilia. She is annoyed that Idamante had been kind and let the prisoners free. Arbace, the king's trusted friend, brings news that Idomeneo has been drowned at sea while returning to Crete from Troy. Electra, worried that Ilia, a Trojan, soon will be Queen of Crete, feels the furies of Hades tormenting her.

Idomeneo is not lost at sea, but instead is saved by Neptune (god of the sea) and is washed up on a Cretan beach. There he remembers the promise he made to Neptune: he had promised to sacrifice (kill for the Gods) the first creature he should meet, whether it be a human or an animal. The first person he meets is his own son, Idamante. Because the two have not seen each other for a long time, they do not recognize one another at first. When Idomeneo finally realizes it is his own son he must kill, he tells Idamante to go away and never see him again. Idamante does not understand why his father is saying this. He is terribly upset, but runs off. The Cretan soldiers get off Idomeneo's ship and are met by their wives, and all praise Neptune.

At the king's palace, Idomeneo asks Arbace what he should do, because he has disobeyed the god. Arbace says that Neptune would be happy if another victim could be sacrificed so long as Idamante is sent into exile (to another country). Idomeneo tells his son to take Electra to her home, Argos. Idomeneo's kind words to Ilia make her say very kindly that, because she has lost everything, he will be her father and Crete will be her country. As she leaves, Idomeneo realizes that sending Idamante into exile has made Ilia unhappy. Electra is happy about going to Argos with Idamante.

At the port of Sidon, Idomeneo says goodbye to his son and tells him to rule like a good king. Before the ship can sail, however, a storm breaks out, and a sea serpent appears. It is a messenger from Neptune, who is angry with Idomeneo. Idomeneo offers his life to the god.

In the royal garden, Ilia asks the gentle winds to carry her love to Idamante. Idamante says he must go to fight the serpent. When he says he would like to die because Ilia does not love him. This makes Ilia tell him that she loves him. They are surprised by Electra and Idomeneo. When Idamante asks his father why he sends him away, Idomeneo cannot tell him the truth. Ilia asks Electra for some kindness, but Elektra is madly jealous of Ilia now, and she wants revenge. Arbace comes with news that the people, led by the High Priest of Neptune, are shouting that they want Idomeneo. The High Priest tells the king that Neptune's monster is destroying things, and asks Idomeneo to say the name of the person whose sacrifice is demanded by the god. When the king says that his own son is the victim, the people are horrified. 

Outside the temple, the king and High Priest join with Neptune's priests to pray that the god will be kind and merciful. Arbace brings news that Idamante has killed the monster. Idomeneo is now worried that Neptune will want even more revenge. Idamante enters in sacrificial robes, saying he understands his father's terrible worries and he is ready to die., Idomeneo says a tragic goodbye to his own son and is about to kill him, when Ilia steps forward and offers to die instead. Neptune now changes his mind. We hear his voice saying that if Idomeneo gives up being king and lets Idamante and Ilia rule as king and queen, he will forgive. Everyone is happy except Electra, who wants to die. Idomeneo says that Idamante and his bride are the new rulers. The people call upon the god of love and marriage to bless the royal pair and bring peace.

Lontzen

Lontzen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 5175 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 06° 00 East.

Lovendegem

Lovendegem is a former municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, Lovendegem, Waarschoot and Zomergem were merged into the new municipality of Lievegem.

In 2007, 9393 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 03° 36 East.

Lubbeek

Lubbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 13,740 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 50 East.

Lummen

Lummen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 13,803 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 05° 11 East.

Maarkedal

Maarkedal is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 6460 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 03° 39 East.

Maaseik

Maaseik is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 23879 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 05° 47 East.

Maasmechelen

Maasmechelen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2011, 37,159 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 05° 41 East.

Machelen

Machelen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 12792 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 04° 26 East.

Maldegem

Maldegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 22366 people lived there.

It is at 51° 12 North, 03° 26 East.

Malle

Malle () is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 14158 people lived there.

It is at 51° 17 North, 04° 41 East.

Malmedy

Malmedy is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 11878 people lived there.

It is at 50° 25 North, 06° 01 East.

Manage, Belgium

Manage is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 22382 people lived there.

It is at 50° 30 North, 04° 14 East.

Manhay

Manhay is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 3185 people lived there.

It is at 50° 17 North, 05° 40 East.

Marche-en-Famenne

Marche-en-Famenne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 17066 people lived there.

It is at 50° 13 North, 05° 20 East.

Marchin

Marchin is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 5143 people lived there.

It is at 50° 27 North, 05° 14 East.

Martelange

Martelange is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 1584 people lived there.

It is at 49° 49 North, 05° 44 East.

Mechelen

Mechelen is a municipality in the south part of the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 78,900 people lived there. In 2008: 80,176.

It is at 51° 01 North, 04° 28 East.

Meerhout

Meerhout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 9463 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 05° 04 East.

Meeuwen-Gruitrode

Meeuwen-Gruitrode is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. On 1 January 2019, Meeuwen-Gruitrode and Opglabbeek were merged into the new municipality of Oudsbergen.

In 2007, 12611 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 05° 31 East.

Meise

Meise is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 18545 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 04° 19 East.

Meix-devant-Virton

Meix-devant-Virton is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2675 people lived there.

It is at .

Melle

Melle is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 10660 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 03° 48 East.

Menen

Menen is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 32439 people lived there.

It is at 50° 47 North, 03° 07 East.

Merbes-le-Château

Merbes-le-Château is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 4141 people lived there.

It is at 50° 19 North, 04° 09 East.

Merchtem

Merchtem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 15053 people lived there.

It is at 50° 57 North, 04° 14 East.

Merelbeke

Merelbeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 22423 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 03° 44 East.

Merksplas

Merksplas is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 8270 people lived there.

It is at 51° 21 North, 04° 51 East.

Mesen

Mesen is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 983 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 02° 54 East.

Messancy

Messancy is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 7466 people lived there.

It is at 49° 35 North, 05° 49 East.

Mettet

Mettet is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 12037 people lived there.

It is at 50° 19 North, 04° 39 East.

Meulebeke

Meulebeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 10,983 people lived there.

It is at 50° 57 North, 03° 17 East.

Middelkerke

Middelkerke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 18,080 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 02° 49 East.

Modave

Modave is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3719 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 05° 18 East.

Moerbeke

Moerbeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 5904 people lived there.

It is at 51° 10 North, 03° 56 East.

Momignies

Momignies is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut. In 2007, 5140 people lived there. It is at 50° 01 North, 04° 10 East.

Mont-de-l'Enclus

Mont-de-l'Enclus is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 3417 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 03° 30 East.

Mont-Saint-Guibert

Mont-Saint-Guibert is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 6535 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 04° 36 East.

Montigny-le-Tilleul

Montigny-le-Tilleul is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut. In 2007, 10,215 people lived there. It is at 50° 22 North, 04° 22 East.

Moorslede

Moorslede is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders. Moorslede comprises the towns of Dadizele and Moorslede itself.

In 2007, 10697 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 03° 03 East.

Constant Lievens (1856-1893), the apostle of the Chota Nagpur, was born in Moorslede.

The 1950 World Cycling Championshipwas held in Moorslede and was won by Briek Schotte.


Morlanwelz

Morlanwelz is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 18723 people lived there.

It is at 50° 27 North, 04° 14 East.

Mortsel

Mortsel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 24,426 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 27 East.

Mouscron

Mouscron is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, its population was 53174.

It is at 50° 44 North, 03° 12 East.

Musson

Musson is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4232 people lived there.

It is at .

Nandrin

Nandrin is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 5651 people lived there.

It is at 50° 30 North, 05° 25 East.

Nassogne

Nassogne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5045 people lived there.

It is at 50° 07 North, 05° 20 East.

Nazareth, Belgium

Nazareth is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 10962 people lived there.

It is at 50° 57 North, 03° 35 East.

Neerpelt

Neerpelt is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. On 1 January 2019, Neerpelt and Overpelt were merged into the new municipality of Pelt.

In 2007, 16156 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 05° 26 East.

Neufchâteau

Neufchâteau is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 6652 people lived there.

It is at 49° 50 North, 05° 26 East.

Neupré

Neupré is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 9748 people lived there.

It is at 50° 32 North, 05° 29 East.

Nevele

Nevele is a former municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, the municipality was merged into Deinze.

In 2007, 11376 people lived there.

It is at 51° 02 North, 03° 33 East.

Niel

Niel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 8922 people lived there.

It is at 51° 06 North, 04° 19 East.

Nieuwerkerken

Nieuwerkerken is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 6685 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 05° 11 East.

Nieuwpoort, Belgium

Nieuwpoort is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders. In 2007, 10940 people lived there. It is at 51° 07 North, 02° 45 East.

Nijlen

Nijlen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 20978 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 40 East.

Ninove

Ninove is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 35874 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 01 East.

Nivelles

Nivelles is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 24622 people lived there.

It is at 50° 35 North, 04° 19 East.

Ohey

Ohey () is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 4318 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 05° 07 East.

Olen

Olen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 11467 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 04° 51 East.

Olne

Olne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3788 people lived there.

It is at 50° 35 North, 05° 45 East.

Onhaye

Onhaye is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 3124 people lived there.

It is at 50° 14 North, 04° 50 East.

Oosterzele

Oosterzele is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 13194 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 03° 48 East.

Oostkamp

Oostkamp () is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 21948 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 03° 14 East.

Oostrozebeke

Oostrozebeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 7458 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 03° 20 East.

Opglabbeek

Opglabbeek is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. On 1 January 2019, Meeuwen-Gruitrode and Opglabbeek were merged into the new municipality of Oudsbergen.

In 2007, 9718 people lived there.

It is at 51° 02 North, 05° 35 East.

Opwijk

Opwijk is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 12393 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 04° 11 East.

Oreye

Oreye is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3464 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 05° 21 East.

Orp-Jauche

Orp-Jauche is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, it had a population of 7932 people.

It is found at 50° 42 North, 04° 59 East.

Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve

Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 30188 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 04° 34 East.

Oud-Heverlee

Oud-Heverlee is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 10861 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 39 East.

Oud-Turnhout

Oud-Turnhout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 12633 people lived there.

Oudenaarde

Oudenaarde is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 29,702 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 03° 36 East.

Oudenburg

Oudenburg is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 8947 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 03° 00 East.

Oudergem

Oudergem (current Dutch spelling) or Auderghem (French and former Dutch spelling) is one of the nineteen municipalities in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.

In 2007, 29,681 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 04° 25 East.

Ouffet

Ouffet is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2551 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 05° 28 East.

Oupeye

Oupeye is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 23633 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 05° 39 East.

Carbohydrate

Carbohydrates are chemical compounds that contain "only" oxygen, hydrogen and carbon. They are made up of joined-up sugars. Sugars have the general formula C(HO), and are also known as saccharides.

Certain carbohydrates are an important storage and transport form of energy in most organisms, including plants and animals.

There are four types of carbohydrates, named by the number of sugar molecules they contain.

Carbohydrates are the most common source of energy for the human body. Protein builds tissue and cells in the body. Carbohydrates are very good for energy, but, if a person eats more than needed, the extra is changed into fat through a process called de novo lipogenesis.

If necessary, humans can live without eating carbohydrates because the human body can change fats and proteins into carbohydrates through a process called gluconeogenesis. Some already stored glucose in the liver can be released through another process called glycogenolysis. People of some cultures eat food with very little carbohydrates, but they still remain healthy, such as the Inuits.

Research in the United States and Canada have shown that people get about 40% to 60% of their energy from carbohydrates (mostly from refined carbohydrates). The amount of energy needs may depend on the amount of physical work done by people: the harder the work, the more energy they need. The other need for energy is body temperature. Living in a cold climate means a person needs more energy.

Some foods (especially grains) have high levels of carbohydrates including wheat products (bread, pasta, potatoes, cereals), rice, etc.

Overijse

Overijse is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 24164 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 04° 32 East.


Overpelt

Overpelt is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. On 1 January 2019, Neerpelt and Overpelt were merged into the new municipality of Pelt.

In 2007, 13581 people lived there.

It is at 51° 12 North, 05° 25 East.

Paliseul

Paliseul is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5055 people lived there.

It is at 49° 54 North, 05° 08 East.

Pecq

Pecq is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 5309 people lived there.

It is at 50° 41 North, 03° 20 East.

Peer, Belgium

Peer is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 15943 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 05° 27 East.

Pepingen

Pepingen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 4357 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 04° 09 East.

Pepinster

Pepinster is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 9574 people lived there.

It is at 50° 34 North, 05° 48 East.

Péruwelz

Péruwelz is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 16826 people lived there.

It is at 50° 30 North, 03° 35 East.

Perwez

Perwez is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 7621 people lived there.

Philippeville

Philippeville is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur, 28 kilometres south of Charleroi.

In 2007, 8482 people lived there.

It is at 50° 11 North, 04° 32 East.

Pittem

Pittem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 6609 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 03° 16 East.

Plombières

Plombières is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 9765 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 05° 57 East.

Pont-à-Celles

Pont-à-Celles is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 16379 people lived there.

It is at 50° 30 North, 04° 21 East.

Poperinge

Poperinge is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 19707 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 02° 43 East.

Profondeville

Profondeville is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 11424 people lived there.

It is at 50° 22 North, 04° 52 East.

Putte

Putte is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 15813 people lived there.

It is at 51° 03 North, 04° 37 East.

Puurs

Puurs is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. It includes the towns of Liezele, Ruisbroek, Breendonk and Puurs proper. There is also the hamlet of Kalfort. On 1 January 2019, Puurs and Sint-Amands were merged into the new municipality of Puurs-Sint-Amands.

In 2007, 16250 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 04° 16 East.

Quaregnon

Quaregnon is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 18640 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 03° 52 East.

Quévy

Quévy is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 7758 people lived there.

It is at 50° 21 North, 03° 56 East.

Quiévrain

Quiévrain is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 6544 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 03° 40 East.

Raeren

Raeren is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 10199 people lived there.

It is at 50° 40 North, 06° 07 East.

Ramillies

Ramillies is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 5856 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 04° 54 East.

Ranst

Ranst is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 17,948 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 04° 33 East.

Ravels

Ravels is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 14020 people lived there.

It is at 51° 22 North, 04° 59 East.

Rebecq

Rebecq is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 10255 people lived there. It is at 50° 39 North, 04° 08 East.

Remicourt

Remicourt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. In 2007, the population of the settlement was 5137 people.

Rendeux

Rendeux is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2274 people lived there.

It is at 50° 14 North, 05° 30 East.

Retie

Retie is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 10485 people lived there.

It is at 51° 16 North, 05° 05 East.

The town is near the Dutch border and is in fact closer to the city of Eindhoven than Antwerp.

The official language of the area is Dutch, but many people especially in the hospitality industry speak English and French.

Services are basic in Retie, some banks have branches including ING and AXA. Supermarket shopping is available. Bakeries in Retie are very good. Like most of Belgium the shops are generally closed on Sunday.

The Gemeente (local council) official website (in Dutch) is http://www.retie.be/ 

There is a pretty town hall in the centre of the town, but unlike many Belgian towns it is not organised around a town square (well it is now just a large intersection) and therefore does not have the quaint village feel as many other small towns in this part of Belgium (for example Lommel, Mol).

The main attraction of the town is Prinsenpark - a public forest that is popular with families and walking/jogging groups. Dogs on leads are allowed. There are picnic tables and toilets.

Riemst

Riemst is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. In 2007, 16076 people lived there. It is at 50° 48 North, 05° 36 East.

Rijkevorsel

Rijkevorsel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 10847 people lived there.

It is at 51° 20 North, 04° 45 East.

Rixensart

Rixensart is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 21426 people lived there.

It is at 50° 42 North, 04° 31 East.


Rochefort

Rochefort is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 12133 people lived there.

It is at 50° 09 North, 05° 13 East.

Roeselare

Roeselare is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders. In 2016, more than 61 000 people lived there. 
It is at 50° 56 North, 03° 07 East.

Roeselare was already known in 847 and was from the 10th century an important centre for industrial and commercial activities. Since 1250, the place was recognized as a city with several rights.

Around 1260, there was built a belfry and a city hall at the 'Grand Place'. Because there were no defense facilities around the city, it was an easy target for ennemies. To guarantee safety, they started in Roeselare soon with a few teams of city guards. Of course, they could not much do in times of war. In 1488 and 1492, the city was destroyed by the army of Maximilian from Austria. Almost every building from the early Middle Ages collapsed. Around 1500, the city was rebuilt in a different architecture.

The centre of Roeselare always belonged to the property of Wijnendale.

There was peace in Roeselare during a short time. On the 26th August 1566, several statues in the Saint-Michaels Church and the hall were destroyed because of religeous protests called ‘the beeldenstorm’. After the Eighty Years War, all the successful textile industries were completely gone out of the city. Then started a period with a lot of economical problems but there was also something positive. In Venice became a componist from Roeselare named Adrian Willaert popular.

In 1609 the war came to an end for 12 years. Roeselare was rebuilt but the war started again from 1640.

After the peace of Nijmegen became Roeselare a part of France and a frontier city famous for its illegal frontier traffic. There was no money to restore the belfry and hall that collapsed on the 30th October 1704. The fall of the tower caused a lot of damage. A smaller new hall burned down in 1749. Under the present-day grand place are the cellars of the old belfry.

In spite of all the disasters that came over Roeselare in the past, the Saint-Michaels Church is still in quite good condition. Because of heavy weather on the 19th January 1735 has the tower collapsed. The tower was rebuilt but a few ten metres shorter. The 3 big disasters are the reason that the church has 3 architectures. Around 1770, the townhall was built in rococostyle.

After the Battle of Waterloo became Roeselare Dutch again, untill the independence of Belgium that caused also poverty. The construction of the railway Kortrijk-Brugge (1838) and the invention of the steam-engine made the situation much better. 
From 1862 till 1872, the canal to the river Leie was dug. That gave a boost to the economy. The industry in Roeselare and the population grew. Roeselare was kown as the Manchester of Belgium.

On the 28th July 1875 took the ‘Groote Stooringe’ place, a student-revolt against the use of French at school. The leader of this revolt was Albrecht Rodenbach, a writer who founded a lot of students’ associations.

The people of Roeselare suffered a lot during World War I. French soldiers, who left Roeselare, offered resistance but the Germans thougth that the inhabitants were shooting on them. Because of this misunderstanding, German soldiers killed 240 citizens and destroyed 252 houses on the 19th October 1914, called ‘Schuwe Maandag’.

After the first World War was the city rebuilt but when that work was done, World War II started. The city has less suffered during this second World War and was liberated by Polish soldiers. Since that liberation, the square ‘Woodmarket’ (Houtmarkt) is now called ‘Polenplein’ and there are monuments for the killed soldiers.

During the 19th and the 20th century, Roeselare was known for its ‘nieuwmarkters’. Nieuwmarkters were merchants / traders from the so called ‘new market’ and they formed in this neighbourhood a ghetto. Nieuwmarkters had their own language for example ‘the Bargoens’ to speak with each other and people said that this merchants could sell everything to everybody. Even they did not speak very well French, German or English, they sold in Wallonia and to foreigners in Roeselare (for example during the two world wars) a lot of products with big profits. The small cheap houses in which the nieuwmarkters lived still exist today and you can see these houses around the Blekerijstraat and in a few streets around the old cemetery in Roeselare.

In the sixties started the REO-vegetables and fruit mart. This is today the biggest vegetables and fruit mart in Flanders. Since 1977 the town of Roeselare and the villages of Beveren, Oekene and Rumbeke form the present-day city.

Specialists think that the name of Roeselare refers to the elements Roes (= reed) + laar (= open space). So the place-name Roeselare means a marshy open space with reed in the wood.

Besides the centre of Roeselare proper, the municipality consists of the villages of Beveren, Oekene and Rumbeke. 
Just like in a few other cities, there are in Roeselare several parts of town. These are:


The villages of Beveren and Rumbeke are because of new buildings connected with the centre of Roeselare. The small village of Oekene is situated between the open rural area to the south of the city and the urbanisation near Rumbeke. The conurbation of the city extends along the canal Roeselare-Leie to the conurbation of the smaller neighbour city of Izegem.

The municipality of Roeselare consists also of a few smaller hamlets. Along the road Roeselare-Menen (N32) lie successively the hamlet of Zilverberg, less than one kilometre to the south of the city centre, and almost two kilometres further the hamlet of Beitem. Both hamlets belong to the territory of the village of Rumbeke.

The city has a few Catholic parishes and a Protestant church.

The municipality of Roeselare borders on:

a. Oostnieuwkerke (municipality of Staden)
b. Hooglede (municipality of Hooglede)
c. Gits (municipality of Hooglede)
d. Lichtervelde (municipality of Lichtervelde)
e. Koolskamp (municipality of Ardooie)
f. Ardooie, with hamlet Tasse (municipality of Ardooie)
g. Kachtem (municipality of Izegem)
h. Izegem (municipality of Izegem)
i. Sint-Eloois-Winkel (municipality of Ledegem)
j. Rollegem-Kapelle (municipality of Ledegem)
k. Ledegem (municipality of Ledegem)
l. Moorslede (municipality of Moorslede)
m. Passendale (municipality of Zonnebeke)


Roeselare has a few musea such as the National Cycling Museum (WieMu). There are art galleries for example the Galery Alfons Blomme. In the tower of the Saint-Michaels church is the bell-tower museum. You can arrange a visit to see the filmmuseum which is a private collection.

There is the Domain ‘Sterrebos’ and nature reserve ‘De Kleiputten’. In the city centre you can take a rest in a few parks such as ‘De Grote Bassin’ which is a lake with green surroundings for example ‘Het Sint-Sebastiaanspark’ and ‘Het Noordhof’. De ‘Kleine Bassin’ and ‘De Ronde Kom’ are two smaller lakes. You have also ‘Het Rodenbachpark’, ‘Het Collegepark’ and ‘Het Heilig Hartpark’ that are nice resting places in the city. You can enjoy the silence of the old municipal cemetery in the Groenestraat, the park of the famous inhabitants in popular language. In summer, there are parkconcerts in ‘Het Sint-Sebastiaanspark’, better known as ‘De Grote Bassin’. The idea of ‘garden-suburb’ arised in the neighbourhood of Roeselare at the beginning of the last century. So was ‘Batavia’ one of the first garden-suburbs in Belgium.

Roeselare has an important commerce centre. The most famous shopping-street is ‘De Ooststraat’. The city centre is one big shopping-quarter. Important yearly shopping-events are ‘De Winkelnacht’ (= shopping-night), ‘De Batjes’ (= summer-sale), fun fairs, Christmas-shopping, street-events for example ‘De Westlaanpromenade’. Carnival and ‘De Groote Stooringe’ are city-festivals with a cultural importance. ‘De Brugsesteenweg’ is an approach road with a lot of medium size retail trade.

The weekly market on Tuesday morning is a tradition in Roeselare and is organized at the Grand Place, ‘De Botermarkt’ and ‘Het Polenplein’. These 3 squares are pedestrian precinct. On the 1st May, the inhabitants celebrate Labour Day at the station-square. Each year on the National Holiday (the 21st July) there is a street run with music.

Roeselare is in West-Flanders a regional commerce centre. There are a few shopping-streets in the city centre: Ooststraat, Noordstraat, Sint-Amandsstraat, Manestraat, Wallenstraat, Zuidstraat etc. These are situated around 4 squares: de Grote Markt (the Grand Place), het Polenplein, de Botermarkt en het De Coninckplein. There is also de Ardooisesteenweg, an approach road near the railway-station. Along the restored inner ring road (Noordlaan, Westlaan…) and the approach road Brugsesteenweg are a lot of big stores.

In the quarter ‘Schiervelde’ along the outer ring road is the Expo located. In this hall are commercial events where businesses show their services to business-people, -friends and the public. Examples of such events are: de Jaarbeurs, de Bouwbeurs, Agro Expo and Roslar Expo.

In Roeselare is the head-office and printing-business of Roularta Media Group located. The regional Television WTV-FOCUS broadcasts from the Accent Business Park. Roeselare is also known for the foodindustry (Soubry) and the lightdesign.

The most important business-sites and industrial estates are located to the north of Roeselare-city in Beveren and to the east along the canal Roeselare-Leie and the factory site ‘Mandeldal’.
Roeselare has a central situation along the most important north-south connecting roads through the province. The highway A17/E403 passes by the city and has three exits to Roeselare. The road Brugge-Torhout-Roeselare-Menen (N32) dates from the Austrian time and runs parallel to the A17/E403. De Westlaan, a half small ring road, leads the road-user around the historic centre of the city. A more recent ring road (R32) surrounds the whole built-up area of Roeselare and links also up to the highway A17.

At the end of 2014, the software of the parkingguidesystem was renewed. Along the approach roads, the motor drivers are informed about free parkings. The most important parkings in the centre are ‘Wallenparking’, ‘De Munt’ and ‘B-Parking Station’. When the city centre is shopping precinct, inhabitants and visitors are advised to use for example the parking of the Expo and / or to come into the centre with public transport (train, bus).

The city has a railway-station, the station of Roeselare, with two rails on the line Brugge-Kortrijk. There is a half-hourly connection service with both cities. Near the railway-station is a busstation with 11 platforms. When the station was built in 1976-1979, it looked modern at the time with a raising railway that replaced four level crossings. At the end of 2007, the municipality and several partners of public transport organizations decided to modernize the neighbourhood of the station. They invest together 35 million euro. The work was planned to be done in 2012 but they worked at the new building of the station until the summer of 2018. Meanwhile are the underground parking and new busstation ready. The surroundings of the station are mainly shopping precinct.

Since 1910, two football-clubs dominated in Roeselare: Sportvereniging Roeselare (after World War I known as SK Roeselare) and Football Club Roeselare (FC). In 1999 fused both clubs and in 2005 played that new club for the first time in the first division. In 2010 reduced the club back to the second division. The quarter ‘Krottegem’ and home of FC Roeselare started in 2000 again with that club.

Roeselare had a restored municipal swimming-bath, ‘het Spillebad’. Since the summer of 2018, there is the new swimming-bath 'Sportoase Schiervelde'. There is sportinfrastructure in the villages of Beveren, Rumbeke and Roeselare proper (such as the Schiervelde Stadium, home of KSV Roeselare). Around 2000 was near that stadium a new sportaccommodation built for volleyball-club Knack Randstad Roeselare that belongs to the national top in Belgium. In that building, there are also concerts. Other sportclubs are Basketball-club BBC Wytewa (1957) and the Knack Handball-team Roeselare. The Rodenbach horsemen represent the city in the national ridersclubs.

Since 2014 a new knowledge and educationcentre ARhus with library was founded in the city centre. There are the municipal academy for music, word and dance (STAP in Dutch) ‘Adriaan Willaert’, the municipal academy for modern art (SASK in Dutch) and the cultural centre ‘De Spil’.

There are a lot of schools in Roeselare of each level except for an university. The main providers of education such as Catholic education (ARKORUM), municipal education and community education are represented. There are rooms, pubs and festive halls for students. There are youth organizations, youth clubs and youth work. There are municipal play-grounds and recreation-grounds.

There are a lot of music associations for example: de Koninklijke Stadsharmonie Roeselare, de Koninklijke Harmonie ‘Het Gildemuziek’ Roeselare and Vox Musica, a youth choir with hundred members and an amateur theatrical company, ‘het Spiegeltheater’.

The two medium size hospitals of Roeselare, a municipal and private one, are fused at the beginning of 2015 and got the name AZ Delta.
The magazine ‘RSL’ explains the municipal policy and the magazine ‘Uit’ describes which social-cultural activities take place in a specified period.


Ronse

Ronse is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 24426 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 03° 36 East.

Roosdaal

Roosdaal is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant. In 2007, 10788 people lived there. It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 04 East.



Rotselaar

Rotselaar is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 15155 people lived there.

It is at 50° 57 North, 04° 42 East.

Rouvroy

Rouvroy is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2007 people lived there.

It is at .

Ruiselede

Ruiselede is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 5139 people lived there.

It is at 51° 02 North, 03° 23 East.

Rumes

Rumes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 5027 people lived there.

It is at 50° 33 North, 03° 18 East.

Rumst

Rumst is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 14650 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 04° 25 East.

Saint-Georges-sur-Meuse

Saint-Georges-sur-Meuse is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 6556 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 05° 21 East.

Saint-Ghislain

Saint-Ghislain is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 22536 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 03° 49 East.

Saint-Hubert

Saint-Hubert is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 5737 people lived there.
It is at 50° 01 North, 05° 22 East.

Saint-Léger, Belgium

Saint-Léger is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 3225 people lived there.

It is at 49° 36 North, 05° 39 East.

Saint-Nicolas, Liège

Saint-Nicolas is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 22583 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 05° 32 East.

Saint-Vith

Sankt Vith or Saint-Vith is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 9,190 people lived there.

It is at 50° 16 North, 06° 07 East.

Sainte-Ode

Sainte-Ode is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2305 people lived there.

It is at 50° 01 North, 05° 31 East.

Sambreville

Sambreville () is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 26997 people lived there.

It is at 50° 26 North, 04° 38 East.



Schaerbeek

Schaerbeek (in French) or Schaarbeek (in Dutch) is a municipality in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.

In 2007, 113,493 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 23 East.

Schelle

Schelle is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 7914 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 04° 20 East.

Scherpenheuvel-Zichem

Scherpenheuvel-Zichem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 22100 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 04° 58 East.

Schilde

Schilde is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 19537 people lived there.

It is at 51° 14 North, 04° 35 East.

Schoten

Schoten is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 33132 people lived there.

It is at 51° 15 North, 04° 30 East.

Seneffe

Seneffe is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 10625 people lived there.

It is at 50° 31 North, 04° 15 East.

Seraing

Seraing is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 61237 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 05° 30 East.

Silly, Belgium

Silly is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 8072 people lived there.

It is at 50° 38 North, 03° 55 East.

Sint-Agatha-Berchem

Sint-Agatha-Berchem (in Dutch) or Berchem-Sainte-Agathe (in French) is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 20431 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 17 East.

Sint-Amands

Sint-Amands is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. It includes the towns of Lippelo, Oppuurs and Sint-Amands proper. On 1 January 2019, Puurs and Sint-Amands were merged into the new municipality of Puurs-Sint-Amands.

In 2007, 7819 people lived there.

It is at 51° 03 North, 04° 12 East.


Sint-Genesius-Rode

Sint-Genesius-Rode ("Rhode-Saint-Genèse" in French) is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 17975 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 04° 21 East.

Sint-Gillis-Waas

Sint-Gillis-Waas is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 18164 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 04° 07 East.

Sint-Jans-Molenbeek

Sint-Jans-Molenbeek (in Dutch) or Molenbeek-Saint-Jean (in French) is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 81632 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 19 East.

Saint-Josse-ten-Noode

Saint-Josse-ten-Node (; usually shortened to "Saint-Josse") or Sint-Joost-ten-Node () is a municipality in the Brussels-Capital Region in Belgium. It is the smallest municipality by area in Belgium.

In 2007, 23,785 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 22 East.


Sint-Katelijne-Waver

Sint-Katelijne-Waver is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 19642 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 04° 32 East.

Woluwe-Saint-Lambert

Woluwe-Saint-Lambert (in French) or Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe (in Dutch) is a municipality in Belgium, in the Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 48315 people lived there.

It is at 50° 51 North, 04° 25 East.

Sint-Laureins

Sint-Laureins is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 6591 people lived there.

It is at 51° 14 North, 03° 31 East.

Sint-Lievens-Houtem

Sint-Lievens-Houtem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 9481 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 03° 51 East.

Sint-Martens-Latem

Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 8256 people lived there.

It is at 51° 01 North, 03° 38 East.

Sint-Niklaas

Sint-Niklaas is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 70016 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 04° 08 East.

Sint-Pieters-Leeuw

Sint-Pieters-Leeuw is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 30929 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 04° 14 East.

Woluwe-Saint-Pierre

Woluwe-Saint-Pierre (in French) or Sint-Pieters-Woluwe (in Dutch) is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 38554 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 04° 27 East.

Sint-Truiden

Sint-Truiden (Saint-Trond) is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 38427 people lived there.

It is at 

Sivry-Rance

Sivry-Rance is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Hainaut. Annie Debruxelles is a mayor.

In 2018, its population was 4,833.

It is found at 50° 10 North, 04° 10 East.

The area is 72.97 km

It has 5 sub-municipalities: Grandrieu, Montbliart, Rance, Sautin, and Sivry.

Soignies

Soignies (; , ) is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 25700 people lived there.

It is at 50° 34 North, 04° 04 East.


Sombreffe

Sombreffe is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 7732 people lived there.

It is at 50° 31 North, 04° 36 East.

Somme-Leuze

Somme-Leuze is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 4732 people lived there.

It is at 50° 20 North, 05° 22 East.

Soumagne

Soumagne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 15562 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 05° 44 East.

Spa, Belgium

Spa is a municipality of Belgium. It is in the Walloon Region and Province of Liège. It is in a valley in the Ardennes mountain chain. Spa is 35 km (22 miles) southeast of Liège, and 45 km (28 miles) southwest of Aachen.

Spa is famous as a location of healing hot springs. It was a frequent watering-place since the 14th century. 

In 1918, the German Army established its main Headquarters in Spa. German delegates went to the French lines to meet Marshal Foch. This led to the Armistice which ended the First World War. 

The town is perhaps best known today as home to the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, the host the annual Formula One Belgian Grand Prix. It is also the location of mineral water producer Spa.

Spa hosted the finish of Stage 2 of the 2010 Tour de France on July 5.




Spiere-Helkijn

Spiere-Helkijn is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 2047 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 03° 21 East.

Sprimont

Sprimont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. In 2015, 14147 people lived there.

Stabroek

Stabroek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 17627 people lived there.

It is at 51° 19 North, 04° 21 East.

Staden

Staden is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 10995 people lived there.

It is at 50° 58 North, 03° 00 East.

Stavelot

Stavelot is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2022, 7,202 people lived there.

It is at 50° 23 North, 05° 55 East.

Steenokkerzeel

Steenokkerzeel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 10988 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 04° 30 East.


Stekene

Stekene is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 17040 people lived there.

It is at 51° 12 North, 04° 02 East.

Stoumont

Stoumont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3025 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 05° 48 East.

Tellin

Tellin is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2386 people lived there.

It is at .

Temse

Temse is a municipality in Belgium. It is in the province of East Flanders, in the region of Flanders. There are four towns in the municipality: Temse, Elversele, Steendorp, and Tielrode. In 2007, 26667 people lived there. It is at 51° 07 North, 04° 12 East.

The name "Temse" comes from the Gaul (Gallo-Roman) word "Tamisiacum" or "Tamasiacum". Until the early 20th century (1900s), the French name of the city was used: "Tamise". 

Tenneville

Tenneville is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2561 people lived there.

It is at 50° 05 North, 05° 31 East.

Ternat

Ternat is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 14765 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 04° 10 East.

Tervuren

Tervuren is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 20,816 people lived there.

It is at 50° 49 North, 04° 30 East.

Tessenderlo

Tessenderlo is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 16999 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 05° 05 East.

Theux

Theux is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 11672 people lived there.

It is at 50° 32 North, 05° 48 East.

Thimister-Clermont

Thimister-Clermont is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007 its population was 5331.

Thuin

Thuin is a Walloon municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

In 2007, 14606 people lived there.

It is at 50° 20 North, 04° 17 East.

Tielt

Tielt is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 19357 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 03° 19 East.

Tielt-Winge

Tielt-Winge is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 10103 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 04° 54 East.

Tienen

Tienen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 32083 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 04° 56 East.

Tinlot

Tinlot is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2358 people lived there.

It is at 50° 28 North, 05° 22 East.

Tintigny

Tintigny is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 3739 people lived there.

It is at 49° 41 North, 05° 30 East.

Tongeren

Tongeren is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 29806 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 05° 27 East.

Torhout

Torhout is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 19539 people lived there.

It is at 51° 03 North, 03° 06 East.

Tournai

Tournai is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut, Wallonia.
In 2007, 67844 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 03° 23 East.

Tremelo

Tremelo is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 13904 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 04° 42 East.

Trois-Ponts

Trois-Ponts is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2504 people lived there.

It is at .

Trooz

Trooz is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 7706 people lived there.

It is at 50° 34 North, 05° 41 East.

Tubize

Tubize is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 22713 people lived there.

It is at 50° 41 North, 04° 12 East.

Turnhout

Turnhout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 39863 people lived there.

It is at 51° 19 North, 04° 56 East.

Uccle

Uccle (in French) or Ukkel (in Dutch) is a municipality in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.

In 2007, 76576 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 04° 20 East.

Vaux-sur-Sûre

Vaux-sur-Sûre is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 4759 people lived there.

It is at 49° 54 North, 05° 34 East.

Verlaine

Verlaine is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 3610 people lived there.

It is at 50° 36 North, 05° 19 East.

Verviers

Verviers is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège and in the Arrondissement of Verviers.

In 2007, 54150 people lived there.

It is at 50° 35 North, 05° 51 East.


Veurne

Veurne is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 11832 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 02° 39 East.

Vielsalm

Vielsalm is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 7339 people lived there.

It is at 50° 17 North, 05° 54 East.

Villers-la-Ville

Villers-la-Ville is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant. In 2007, 9704 people lived there. 

It is at 50° 34 North, 04° 31 East.

Villers-le-Bouillet

Villers-le-Bouillet is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 6110 people lived there.

It is at 50° 34 North, 05° 15 East.

Vilvoorde

Vilvoorde is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 37964 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 04° 25 East.

Viroinval

Viroinval is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 5747 people lived there.

It is at 50° 04 North, 04° 32 East.

Virton

Virton is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 11228 people lived there.

It is at .

Visé

Visé is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 16852 people lived there.

It is at 50° 44 North, 05° 41 East.

Vleteren

Vleteren is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 3640 people lived there.

It is at 50° 56 North, 02° 44 East.

Voeren

Voeren is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 4261 people lived there.

It is at 50° 45 North, 05° 45 East.

Vorselaar

Vorselaar is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 7419 people lived there.

It is at 51° 12 North, 04° 46 East.

Forest, Belgium

Forest (in French) or Vorst (in Dutch) is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

In 2007, 48284 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 04° 19 East.

Vosselaar

Vosselaar is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 10212 people lived there.

It is at 51° 18 North, 04° 53 East.

Vresse-sur-Semois

Vresse-sur-Semois is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 2861 people lived there.

It is at 49° 52 North, 04° 56 East.

Waarschoot

Waarschoot is a former municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, Lovendegem, Waarschoot and Zomergem were merged into the new municipality of Lievegem.

In 2007, 7756 people lived there.

It is at 51° 09 North, 03° 36 East.

Waasmunster

Waasmunster is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007 its population was 10329.

It is at 51° 06 North, 04° 05 East.

Wachtebeke

Wachtebeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 6875 people lived there.

It is at 51° 10 North, 03° 51 East.

Waimes

Waimes is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 6825 people lived there.

It is at 50° 24 North, 06° 06 East.

Walcourt

Walcourt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007 its population was 17652.

It is at 50° 15 North, 04° 25 East.

Walhain

Walhain is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, its population was 6088.

It is at 50° 37 North, 04° 41 East.

Wanze

Wanze is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 12802 people lived there.

It is at 50° 32 North, 05° 12 East.

Waregem

Waregem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 35831 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 03° 26 East.

Waremme

Waremme is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 14198 people lived there.

It is at 50° 41 North, 05° 15 East.

Wasseiges

Wasseiges is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 2580 people lived there.

It is at 50° 37 North, 05° 00 East.

Waterloo

Waterloo may refer to:




Wavre

Wavre is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

In 2007, 32576 people lived there.

It is at 50° 43 North, 04° 36 East.

Welkenraedt

Welkenraedt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

In 2007, 9237 people lived there.

It is at 50° 39 North, 05° 58 East.

Wellen

Wellen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 6998 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 05° 20 East.

Wellin

Wellin is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

In 2007, 2958 people lived there.

It is at .

Wemmel

Wemmel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 14996 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 04° 18 East.

Wervik

Wervik is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 17690 people lived there.

It is at 50° 46 North, 03° 02 East.

Westerlo

Westerlo is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 23230 people lived there.

It is at 51° 05 North, 04° 55 East.

Wetteren

Wetteren is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 23304 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 03° 53 East.

Wevelgem

Wevelgem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 30926 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 03° 11 East.

Wezembeek-Oppem

Wezembeek-Oppem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 13496 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 04° 29 East.

Wichelen

Wichelen is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 11099 people lived there.

It is at 51° 00 North, 03° 58 East.

Wielsbeke

Wielsbeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 9002 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 03° 22 East.

Wijnegem

Wijnegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 8890 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 04° 31 East.

Wijnegem is the home of the Wijnegem Shopping Center. 

Willebroek

Willebroek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 23300 people lived there.

It is at 51° 03 North, 04° 21 East.

Wingene

Wingene is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 13328 people lived there.

It is at 51° 03 North, 03° 16 East.

Wommelgem

Wommelgem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 12117 people lived there.

It is at 51° 12 North, 04° 31 East.

Wortegem-Petegem

Wortegem-Petegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 6085 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 03° 33 East.

Wuustwezel

Wuustwezel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. It consists of five villages: Wuustwezel proper, Gooreind, Loenhout, Braken and Sterbos.

In 2007, 18605 people lived there.

It is at 51° 23 North, 04° 35 East.

The biggest flower parade in Belgium is held here. The villages in the area compete to create the most beautiful floats made of flowers.

Yvoir

Yvoir is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

In 2007, 8563 people lived there.

It is at 50° 19 North, 04° 52 East.

Zandhoven

Zandhoven is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 12262 people lived there.

It is at 51° 12 North, 04° 39 East.

Zaventem

Zaventem is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 29034 people lived there.

It is at 50° 53 North, 04° 28 East.

Zedelgem

Zedelgem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 21940 people lived there.

It is at 51° 08 North, 03° 08 East.

Zele

Zele is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 20444 people lived there.

It is at 51° 04 North, 04° 02 East.

Zelzate

Zelzate is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 12190 people lived there.

It is at 51° 12 North, 03° 48 East.

Zemst

Zemst is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 21553 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 04° 27 East.

Zingem

Zingem is a former municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, Kruishoutem and Zingem were merged into the new municipality of Kruisem.

In 2007, 6822 people lived there.

It is at 50° 54 North, 03° 39 East.

Zoersel

Zoersel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 20803 people lived there.

It is at 51° 16 North, 04° 42 East.

Zomergem

Zomergem is a former municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. On 1 January 2019, Lovendegem, Waarschoot and Zomergem were merged into the new municipality of Lievegem.

In 2007, 8,003 people lived there.

It is at 51° 07 North, 03° 33 East.

Zonhoven

Zonhoven is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 20060 people lived there.

It is at 50° 59 North, 05° 22 East.

Zonnebeke

Zonnebeke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 11908 people lived there. It is at 50° 52 North, 02° 59 East.

Zottegem

Zottegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007 its population was 24578.

It is at 50° 52 North, 03° 48 East.

Zoutleeuw

Zoutleeuw is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.

In 2007, 7983 people lived there.

It is at 50° 50 North, 05° 06 East.

Zuienkerke

Zuienkerke is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 2743 people lived there.

It is at 51° 15 North, 03° 09 East.

Zulte

Zulte is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 14629 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 03° 26 East.

Zutendaal

Zutendaal is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

In 2007, 6956 people lived there.

It is at 50° 55 North, 05° 34 East.

Zwalm

Zwalm is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

In 2007, 7835 people lived there.

It is at 50° 52 North, 03° 44 East.

Zwevegem

Zwevegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

In 2007, 23809 people lived there.

It is at 50° 48 North, 03° 20 East.

Zwijndrecht, Belgium

Zwijndrecht is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 18352 people lived there.

It is at 51° 13 North, 04° 19 East.

Sai Baba of Shirdi

Sai Baba of Shirdi (d. October 15, 1918) was a spiritual master who lived in India. His followers believed that he was a saint or satguru. He lived the longest part of his life in a village in India called Shirdi. 

Although Sai Baba died almost 100 years ago, still today large numbers of people follow him or have great respect for him. He is very well respected in India, both by Hindus and Muslims. There are many temples built all over India to honor Sai Baba of Shirdi.

Mast-Allah

A Mast-Allah is a kind of spiritual person in the part of the Muslim religion called Sufism. Masts sometimes seem strange or crazy to people who don't know about them, but Sufis of Iran, Pakistan, and India believe they are not really crazy, but are saints. 

The Indian teacher Meher Baba asked a doctor named William Donkin to write a book about masts called "The Wayfarers." Wayfarer means wanderer, and the book's title implied that masts are on a spiritual journey. Meher Baba wrote the introduction of the book. In his introduction Meher Baba explained that masts are traveling along an internal path and are lost because they are so dazzled (amazed) by the sights they see. They are so amazed and dazzled by these sights they see that they forget how to act normally. So Meher Baba says they are like people who are drunk, only the masts are not drunk on alcohol but on God and are very close to God. 


Bob Sauvé

Robert F. "Bob" Sauvé (born June 17, 1955, in Sainte-Geneviève, Quebec) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently a player agent.


Salarzai

Salarzais, along with the Kakazai and Wur, are one of the four clans of Tarkanis. Originating in Kunar province Afghanistan, there are around 8,000 members in the Babukarrah and Charmung valleys in Bajaur and 150 members in Bara Banda of Nowshera District in Pakistan.

The Khans of Pashat and Khar have some control over the tribe. A very renowned personality of this tribe is Affan Zia Salarzai, who has made a mark in international research arena. 

Historically, agriculture is the primary occupation of the people but with no proper irrigation system they are at the mercy of seasonal rains. Many people are dependent on foreign remittances from family members working in in Karachi, the Middle East and other countries. 

There are 10 villages in Salarzai Charai: 

There are two village in Buner valley where you would see waterfalls charai and Laygani situated at the bottom of the Elam mountain. There are 50 to 60 families living in Charai village, the smallest & most beautiful village in buner valley.

Jowar Chawak is one of the 10 villages of Salarzai tribe. 

Village Kinger Gali is one of the 10 villages of Salarzai tribe.The prominent sub-tribes are Karra Khel, further divided in Jugi Khel, Aziz Khel, Alladad Khel, Mahmood Khel and Lamghani (Laghmani), and Dallo Khel. Nawab Amir Muhammad Khan of Tonk state in India was a native of Alladad Khel tribe of this village, whom they remember proudly.

Bampokha is the 2nd largest village in "salarzi" region after jower. Dwelling two main kheils Sheikheil and qambokheil which is further devided to Adrali kheils, Qasim kheil, Zair kheil etc. The word Bampokha is consist of two sanskriti word Bam mean high and pokha mean build on,so its name means a place which build on high altitude. 

Bampokha is very famous for its various kinds of precious marbles.

The inhabitants of the village of Nanser are tribe Khan Gali and Mastkhel. Both of Khan Gali and Mastkhel are famous for their furious nature. They were great warriors in the time of tribal age called the Pukhto age. Nanser is famous for games like cricket and specially mookha. They are very famous for their hospitality nature being pukhtoons. Nanser is famous for its tourist spot Bakhai where many springs do spring throughout the year. The greenery and forests of Bakhai give it further beauty.

Mastkhel are further divided into tribes of Ranra Khel, Zenoor Khel and Manawar Khel. The population of Nanser is about 2500 with 260 houses. The hujra system is still alive in the village.

Nanser is rich in its marble resources. It is specially famous for its black marble.

Katkala is the last village of the sub tribe Salarzee. It is bordered with AshayZee subtribe and has close relations with AshayZee sub tribe and GadayZee subtribe. It is the greenest part of the Salarzee subtribe, and has a population of about 4000 persons with a high school known as Government High School Katkal established in 1928, agirls middle school, a primary school and a private English medium school.

Unlike other villages of Salarzee. the people of Katkala don't play Mokha which is a local popular game. They are very good in cricket, and in hunting.

Bazargay lies in the center of Salarzai tribe. It is surrounded by beautiful natural views. The main Mingora-Sawari National Highway goes in the center of Bazargay. It is the only village in Salarzai tribe which is in a vast open area, all other villages of Salarzai are in mountains or very near to mountains. The people of Bazargay are divided in 2 main prominent sub-tribes Pitaw Khail (sub-tribes are Mazeed Khail, Akbar Khail and Tawus Khail) and Soori Khail. The Mukha-team of Bazargay is well-known and the only one which has many records in this field and also has above 12 Mukah-Cups. Mukha is the traditional Sport of Pukhtoon Nation. The hujra system is still alive in the village. Bazargay is rich in its marble resources.

Leagani is a village in Buner valley, at the bottom of the Elam mountain. Karakar is a part of this village. This village is the boundary wall between Swat and Buner, serving as the gateway to Buner valley.

Koohay is the side and small village of Buner nearly 4 km to south Bampokha. It is hundreds of years old. The village occupied by hills on three sides; only one side is open to bamokha side. After this village come choor banda and sar banda and darraha 7 km long.

Girarai is the side village of Salarzi it is away 4km from Jowar Chowak this village is more beautiful than other salarzi villages. The village occupied by hills on three sides; only one side is open to JOWAR side. The people of GIRARAI are very hospitable, religious, hardworking, brave and Peace-loving. Observing Islamic religious values, upholding tribal traditions and customs is their trait of life but they are equally mild-natured, enterprising, open-minded, outward looking, accommodative and peace-loving. They are divided in 4 main prominent sub-tribes 1)PITAW KHAIL (2)SORI KHAIL(3)DERI KHAIL(4)KHOWAR. 

Utmankhel

The Utmankhel are a Pashtun tribe who live in the hills to the north of Peshawar in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Their land lies between the Mohmands and the Ranizais of Swat, to the west and south-west of the junction of the Swat and Panjkora rivers. They claim to be descendants of Baba Utman Shamraiz, who accompanied Sher Shah Suri in his expedition into India . The Utman Khel are a tall, stout and fair race, but their dress and general customs have been assimilated by the neighbouring peoples of Bajour. Their land is very hilly and difficult, but has well cultivated terraces.

The British conducted military campaigns against them in 1852, 1878, and 1898. They numbered some 40,000, and their fighting strength was about 8000 men.

There are some subtribes of Utman Khel. These are called:

Bara Tehsil

Bara () is a tehsil in Khyber Agency, Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan.

In the 2000s, Bara achieved some mention in worldwide media with the founding of Lashkar-e-Islam, founded in the area by Mufti Munir Shakir, and later passed to Mangal Bagh, a local driver.

Jamrud

Jamrud () is a town in the Khyber Agency, one of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. The town is the doorway to the Khyber Pass, part of the Hindu Kush range. The town has road and rail linkages with Peshawar city of Pakistan, and a pass connects it with Landi Kotal, near the borders of Afghanistan.

Jamrud, lying in proximity to the Khyber pass, has remained a location on the trade route between central Asia and the South Asia and a strategic military location.

Jamrud is at an altitude of 1512 ft (461 meters) above sea level and is 10.2 miles (17 km) west from the city of Peshawar. Jamrud Fort is at 33.969N,71.338E.

A number of Pashtun tribes live here, especially the Afridis.

Upper Orakzai Tehsil

Upper Orakzai is a tehsil of Orakzai District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Some of main areas of Upper Orakzai include:


Ghulam Khan

Ghulam Khan () is town in North Waziristan Agency, FATA, Pakistan. Ghulam Khan is on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan. It is the third most important border crossing point between Pakistan and Afghanistan, after Chaman and Torkham.

Mir Ali, Pakistan

Mir Ali is a town in Pakistan (North Waziristan). In October 2007, a battle killed 175 near the town.

Razmak Tehsil

Razmak is one of the three sub-divisions of North Waziristan Agency, the other two being Miranshah and Mirali. Inhabitants are Uthmanzai Wazirs. Razmak is further sub-divided in three Tehsils. Tehsil being the lowest administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of Pakistan. The three tehsils of Razmak are Razmak, Datta Khel and Garhyom. Datta Khel and Garyom are low lying areas with a permanent population and a hot and dry climate. Tehsil Razmak is hilly and colder. It is pleasant in summers, but snow clad in the winters.

Sofiensaal

Sofiensaal (or Sofiensäle) is the name of a former public bath and concert venue in Vienna. It was built as a public bath in the years 1845-1848 by Eduard van der Nüll and August Sicard von Sicardsburg. It was used as a bath in winter. During the summer, the swimming pool was covered with wooden planks. The venue could then be used for concerts, and as a dance venue. In March 1912 Karl May gave his last public speech there. He had an audience of about 2000 people. In September 1913, the first movies that had sound were shown in the building. This was later stopped however, as there were problems with making sure the sound was at the right time in the movie (called synchronicity). 

In May 1938, Richard Suchenwirth founded the NSDAP Austria section there. During the war, the venue was used to collect the Jews (who were later deported). The building was restored to its former glory by Carl Appel in 1948. In the 1950, DECCA installed the most modern recording studio in Europe in the rooms. The studio was used until the 1970s, to make recordings of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, amongst others.

In the 1990s, it was used as a clubbing venue.

It was burned down in a fire in 2001, but was rebuilt and reopened in 2013.

Ordinary language philosophy

Ordinary language philosophy is a way of doing philosophy that uses ordinary, everyday words. It came out of analytic philosophy, the most common way of doing philosophy in English-speaking countries in the 20th century.

Analytic philosophers like Bertrand Russell thought that ordinary language was confused, and tried to use the ideal or most accurate words to describe ideas. Ordinary language philosophers thought that analytic philosophers had a problem with forgetting what words really mean. They thought that using ordinary words would make their ideas clearer and their mistakes easier to spot.

Ordinary language philosophy came out of followers of the later work of Ludwig Wittgenstein at the University of Oxford, and was most popular between 1930 and 1970.


Attock Tehsil

Attock Tehsil () is one of the six tehsils (subdivisions) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is between 33º38' and 34º0' N. and 72º7' and 72º50' E, with an area of . The Indus bounds it on the northwest, dividing it from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, while the Haro flows through from east to west. The northwest corner is occupied by the fertile Chach plain. South of this is a dry sandy plain, beyond which rises the Kala-Chitta range. The eastern half consists of the tract known as the Nala, which includes, along with a number of low hills and much broken country, a considerable area of fairly good level land, portions of which are irrigated from wells and by cuts from the Haro and other smaller streams.

Fateh Jang Tehsil

Fateh Jang Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil), of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 14 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Jand Tehsil

Jand Tehsil is one of the six tehsils (subdivisions) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 12 Union Councils, these are:


Hazro Tehsil

Hazro Tehsil is one of the six tehsils (subdivisions) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, it is a newly created tehsil and forms parts of the NA-57 constituency of Attock. On 26 October 2006, the Minister of State for Environment, Malik Amin Aslam announced that Rs150 million would be spent on the NA 57 area of Attock including remote areas of Hazro Tehsil.

Jhal Jhao

Jhal Jhao () is a small town in the southern part of Balochistan, Pakistan in Awaran District. It lies at 26°18'10N 65°34'49E and is 347m (1141ft) above sea level. The town's population is about 10,000 (in the year 2005). The town is made up mainly of mud houses and small canals that give water. It is surrounded by tall, dry mountains and deserts. The only way get in and out of Jhal Jhao is by the Bela Awaran Road.

The town does not have a lot of money, as there is no industry nearby. It is also impossible to grow anything near Jhal Jhao as it is too dry and hot. It only rains 2-3 times a year, never more than 20 mm. Most of the money earned comes from shoemaking.

In 1987, US aid developed a small road which would join Jhal Jhao with the Bela Awaran Road. Before that, the only way to enter Jhal Jhao was by helicopter, or animals such as horses and donkeys. At the moment there are no construction projects happening in Jhal Jhao.

Korak, Pakistan

Korak is town and Union Council of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is at 26°50'38N 65°44'3E and is 648 metres (2129 feet) above sea level. During the floods of 2007, 137 households (619 people) here were affected.

Badin

Badin () is a town in Sindh, Pakistan. It is east of the Indus River. The region is swampy and fertile, giving good conditions for growing rice. There is some oil in the region. Badin is the capital of Badin District.

Ticket

Ticket could mean:

Tickets could mean:

Matli Taluka

Matli is the largest taluka of Badin District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is administratively divided into 13 Union Councils.

Fort Abbas

Fort Abbas was formerly known as "Pholra". In 1927, Nawab Sir Sadiq Abbasi changed this name and gave it the name of his elder son, Muhammad Abbas.
Fort Abbas is a historic city of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. This city is on the border and the language is Punjabi. Fort Abbas is a largest tehsil by land area. It is one of the five tehsils of Bahawal Nagar district. It is connected with other parts of the country through road and railway track. One side is connected with the Pakistan/India border. Internet, telephone, and mobile are available.

Fort Abbas has forest, desert and agricultural land. Major crops are wheat, cotton and sugar cane.

Historically it's part of Abbasi state Bahawalpur. Once River Ghagra passed through and the city was on the bank of the river. Now nothing is there, even the city fort is demolished.
The Islamia University of Bahawalpur, BWN Campus made a research study on climate and agricultural conditions in Fort Abbas. They found that a lot of the area is not appropriate for crops and vegetation. There are lot of reasons behind it:


Ahmadpur East Tehsil

Ahmadpur East is one of the five tehsils (administrative subdivisions) of Bahawalpur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Ahmad Pur East contains 31 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Bahawalpur Tehsil

Bahawalpur Tehsil (also Bhawalpur or Bhawulpore) () is a city of (1998 pop. 403,408) in Bahawalpur District, Punjab Pakistan. Seraiki is the local language of the area. Urdu and English are also spoken by the people. Bahawalpur is located south of the Sutlej River and it lies in the Cholistan region. It is situated 90 km from Multan, 420 km from Lahore and about 700 km from the national capital Islamabad. It was the capital of the former princely state of Bahawalpur.

Hasilpur Tehsil

Hasilpur is a city of Bahawalpur District in east central Punjab, Pakistan. The city is between the Satluj River and the Indian border. It is east of the district capital Bahawalpur.

Christopher Smart

Christopher Smart (April 11, 1722 – May 21, 1771) was a famous poet. He worked for his father-in-law John Newbery. He was locked away in a mental asylum for many years. In there, he wrote famous poems. They are "A Song to David" and "Jubilate Agno". "Jubilate Agno" was not published until 1939.

Sometimes he was called "Kit" or "Kitty" by his friends. He was friends with Samuel Johnson and Henry Fielding. He went to college at the University of Cambridge. After college, he wrote for newspapers and acted.


Bhakkar Tehsil

Bhakkar Tehsil (Urdu/Seraiki/Punjabi: تحصیل بکھر) is an administrative subdivision, (tehsil), of Bhakkar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town of Bhakkar is the headquarters of the tehsil.

The tehsil of Bhakkar is subdivided into 17 Union Councils.

During British rule Bhakkar (larger in area today) was a tehsil of Mianwali District. The population according to the 1901 census was 125,803, compared with 119,219 in 1891. The 1901 census revealed that the tehsil contained the town of Bhakkar (population, 5,312) and 196 villages. The land revenue and cesses amounted in 1903-4 to 1.7 lakhs.

In 1982 the tehsil of Bhakkar was split from Mianwali and became the current district of Bhakkar, this district has been subdivided into four tehsils one of which is the current tehsil of Bhakkar.

Darya Khan Tehsil

Darya Khan is a town and tehsil of Bhakkar District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. The tehsil of Darya Khan is subdivided into 8 Union Councils of Pakistan, two of which form the town of Darya Khan itself.
One of Town Union Council name is Union Council Bangyal Abdad.
Population of Darya Khan city is near about 50000.

Talagang Tehsil

Talagang District is a newly created District. It is separated from District Chakwal on 14 October 2022. The District, which is headquartered at the city of Talagang, is administratively subdivided into Two Tehsils (Talagang and Laws) 23 Union Councils. Talagang District is one of the smallest District in Punjab as it contains 102 villages. Some of the villages near Talagang town are Cheenji, Qaderpur Adhlaka, Jhatla, Lawa, Dhurnal, Pachnand, Mogla, Malakwal, Tamman, Akwal, Chowkhandi, Dhook Goria, Perha Fathial, and Dhook Kund.Qaderpur is very famous and people from all over the Punjab visit the shrine of Baba Shah and Amma Bb 

Tangi Tehsil

Tangi is a town in Hashtnagar, Charsadda District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is one of eight towns in Hashtnagar.

Taunsa Tehsil

Taunsa Sharif or Taunsa is a Tehsil (subdivision) of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town of Tounsa Shareef is the headquarters of the tehsil.

Kulachi Tehsil

Kulachi is a city and the headquarters of Kulachi Tehsil (an administrative subdivision) of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is situated 50 km from Dera Ismail Khan in the Damaan valley of the Sulaiman Range, and lies on the banks of the Gomal River (local name "Luni" or "Khuarha"), a tributary of the Indus River.

Paharpur Tehsil

Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Bhaderwah

Bhaderwah () is a town and a notified area committee in Doda District in the Indian-occupied state of Maqbuza Kashmir, Kashmir region. Bhaderwah valley is mostly a mountainous town that is 80 km from Batote.

Andy Roddick

Andrew 'Andy' Roddick (born August 30, 1982) is an American professional tennis player. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska. Roddick turned pro in 2000. In 2003, he was ranked best in the world and won the US Open. He is known for his powerful serves and held the world record for fastest serve at 155 mph (249 km/h). He retired in 2012. His height is , and he weighs around 195 lbs.

Kishtwar

Kishtwar () is a town and a notified area committee in Doda District in Maqbuza Kashmir, the Kashmir region

Ramban, Jammu and Kashmir

Ramban () is a town in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

La clemenza di Tito

La clemenza di Tito is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The text of the opera was written by Caterino Mazzolà. It is based on an earlier libretto by Pietro Metastasio.

Vitellia, is the daughter of Vitellius who has lost his position of emperor. Vitellius wants revenge against Titus. Vitellia asks Titus's friend Sextus, who is in love with her, to act against him. But when she hears that Titus has sent Berenice of Cilicia, of whom she was jealous, back to Jerusalem, Vitellia tells Sextus to wait a while before doing what she had asked, hoping Titus will choose her (Vitellia) as his empress.

Titus, however, decides to choose Sextus's sister Servilia to be his empress, and tells Annius (Sextus's friend) to take the message to Servilia. Annius and Servilia are in love, although Titus does not know this, so neither of them like this news. Servilia decides to tell Titus the truth but also says that if Titus still insists on marrying her, she will obey. Titus thanks the gods for Servilia's truthfulness and immediately promises to give up the idea of coming between her and Annius.

In the meantime, however, Vitellia has heard the news about Titus's interest in Servilia and is again very jealous. She urges Sextus to kill Titus. He agrees, singing one of the opera's most famous arias, "Parto, parto." Almost as soon as he leaves, Annius and the guard Publius arrive to take Vitellia to Titus, who has now chosen her as his empress. She is torn with feelings of guilt and worry over what she has sent Sextus to do.

Sextus, meanwhile, is at the Capitol, which he and his friends are going to burn down. Sextus cannot think what is the right thing to do. The other characters (except Titus) enter and are horrified to see the burning Capitol. Sextus comes in again and says that he saw Titus being killed, but Vitellia stops him giving away the fact that he was the killer. The others lament Titus in a slow, sad end to Act I.

Begins with Annius telling Sextus that Emperor Titus is in fact alive and has just been seen. In the smoke and chaos, Sextus thought he has seen Titus, but it was someone else. Soon Publius arrives to arrest Sextus, bringing the news that it was one of Sextus’ friends who dressed himself in Titus's robes and was stabbed by Sextus, but he did not die. The Senate take a court case against Sextus as Titus waits impatiently, sure that his friend will be found not guilty; but the Senate finds him guilty, and a terribly sad Titus must sign Sextus' death papers.

He decides to send for Sextus first, trying to get further details about the plot. Sextus takes all the guilt on himself and says he deserves death, so Titus tells him he shall have death, and sends him away. But after a lot of painful thinking, Titus tears up the execution papers for Sextus and decides that, if the world wants to accuse him (Titus) of anything, then people can say that he allowed too much mercy, insteady of saying that he always wanted revenge.

Vitellia feels terrible about what has happened and decides to tell all the truth to Titus, giving up her hopes of empire. In the amphitheater, the condemned (including Sextus) are waiting to be thrown to the wild animals. Titus is about to show mercy when Vitellia explains that she started Sextus's plot. Though shocked, the emperor includes her in the general clemency (forgiveness) he offers. The opera finishes with all the people praising the kindness of Titus, while he himself asks the gods to end his life if he ever stops caring for the good of Rome.

In July 1791 Mozart was asked to write an "opera seria". He had been asked by Domenico Guardasoni who lived in Prague and who had the job of finding someone to compose an opera for the celebrations of the coronation of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor as King of Bohemia. The ceremony would take place on September 6, so Mozart had to work quickly.

Guardasoni had asked Antonio Salieri to write the opera, but Salieri was too busy, so he then asked Mozart. Mozart was glad to accept, because he was paid twice as much as when he wrote an opera for Vienna.


Ghotki

Ghotki () Ghotki is a town of Northern Sindh, Pakistan. It was the site of the July 13, 2005 Ghotki rail crash.

Mirpur Mathelo

Mirpur Mathelo is a town in Ghotki District, Sindh province, Pakistan. The city is the capital of Mirpur Mathelo Tehsil and is administratively subdivided into two Union Councils. It is located at 28°1'60N 69°32'60E.

Kamoki Tehsil

Kamoke is a Tehsil of Gujranwala District. It is on the Grand Trunk Road now national highway. Its headquarters is at Kāmoke, which is about 22 km from Gujranwala, the district capital. It is famous for its market of Basmati rice. It contains twenty-four Union Councils. Kamoke is a busy town on the GT road. Most people here are Rajputs and Jats and arian and depend on agriculture. Kamoke is famous for its burfy (a local sweet) and rice.

Kamoke is the city with the most mosques in Pakistan. There are two degree colleges, one for men and other for women. The city is divided into three reigons: Line par, sarak par and main bazar. There are four police stations (P.S.): P.S. Sadar Kamoki, P.S. City Kamoke, P.S. Eminabad and P.S. Wahndo.

Nowshera Virkan Tehsil

Nowshera Virkan is a big town west of the industrial city of Gujranwala, Pakistan.

Nowshera Virkan lies in the Gujranwala District, it is a hub of rice growing villages. It is also known as Nowshera mandi

Wazirabad Tehsil

Wazirabad Tehsil () is a tehsil of Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan. Wazirabad is on the banks of the Chenab River nearly 100 kilometres north of Lahore on the Grand Trunk Road. It is 45 kilometres from Sialkot, 30 kilometres from the district capital, Gujranwala, and about 12 kilometres from Gujrat.


Gujrat Tehsil

Gujrat Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 65 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Kharian Tehsil

Kharian Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The tehsil, which is headquartered at the city of Kharian, is administratively subdivided into 43 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Sarai Alamgir Tehsil

Sarai Alamgir () (pop. 50,000) is the chief town of the tehsil of the same name. It is part of Gujrat District in the north of Punjab province. The town is located on the eastern bank of the Jhelum River across from the larger town of Jhelum. East of the town is the Upper Jhelum Canal.

Jiwani

Jiwani port is along the Arabian Sea in Gwadar District, Balochistan, Pakistan. It is near the Iranian border. 25,000 people live there. It is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of Gwadar nearly to the east.

Jiwani is at the eastern end of Gwadar Bay, which is shared between Iran and Pakistan. The area around the bay includes a mangrove forest extending across the international border, and is an important habitat for a wide variety of wildlife, especially the endangered Olive Ridley and Green turtles. Plans to grant fishing concessions and offshore drilling rights are potentially a threat to the wildlife of the area.

Jiwani holds strategic importance in the region, because it is next to the shipping lanes to and from the Persian Gulf. This is the main reason that the town hosts a small naval base and an airport with a 5,500-foot runway.

Ormara

Ormara () is a port city in the Makran or coastal region of the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is at 25° 16' 29N 64° 35' 10E. It is west of Karachi and east of Gwadar on the Arabian Sea.

Jacobabad Taluka

Jacobabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Jacobabad District, Sindh, Pakistan. It is subdivided into 15 Union Councils, 8 of which form the capital Jacobabad.

Bishnah

Bishnah () is a town and a notified area committee in Jammu District in the disputed territory of Kashmir region

Chiniot Tehsil

Chiniot () is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Chiniot was tehsil headquarters of Jhang District in the former Faisalabad Division. It is on left bank of the Chenab River on the Sargodha to Faisalabad road. About 1.5 million people live in Chiniot. Chiniot is at latitude 31.7200 and longitude 72.9789.

Chiniot is on the bank of River Chenab. It is famous for its furniture industry. It exports furniture. Its workers is specially skilled in woodwork. Before February 2009, Chiniot District and tehsil were part of Jhang District.

Shorkot Tehsil

Shorkot is the center of Jhang District, Punjab, Pakistan.

Jhelum Tehsil

Jhelum Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Jhelum District in Punjab province, Pakistan. The tehsil is subdivided into 27 Union Councils of Pakistan and is heaquartered at the city of Jhelum.

Sohawa Tehsil

Sohawa is one of the tehsils (administrative sub-divisions) of Jhelum District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is in the northwestern part of the district. One sign of Sohawa is the toll plaza by the name of 'Tarakki' on the Grand Trunk Road. The main bazaar of Sohawa brings people from nearby villages.

Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil

Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil (Urdu/Punjabi: پنڈ دادن خان) is a small area in Jhelum District, in Punjab, Pakistan. It is the oldest tehsil in this area of Pakistan. Its capital city is Pind Dadan Khan. ("Pind" comes from the Punjabi word for "village.") The capital city is on the bank of River Jhelum, about 28 kilometres from the M2 motorway.

Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil is well known for having Asia's largest salt mine, Khewra Salt Mines. The Khewra Salt Mines have been used for over 2000 years, and they have an underground mosque. 

The area has a long history going back to the time of Alexander the Great's invasion (see Punjab (Pakistan)). Alexander the Great's famous horse, Bucephalus, is said to be buried in the small town of Jalalpur Sharif, which is in Pind Dadan Khan.

Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil is named after Nawab Dadan Khan Kamboh. He was the Muslim Governor of Lahore (the capital city of Punjab) in the 1700s.

One important person from Pind Dadan Khan was Nawabzada Ghzanfar Ali Khan. He was a Muslim minister in the 1946 cabinet. Just after the Islamic Republic of Pakistan was created, he became Minister of Health, Food and Agriculture. In December of 1947, he became the Minister of Refugees and Rehabilitation. 

Another important person from this area was Mohammad Ramzan Chotana. He was awarded several gold medals by the British Government for his skill in different technical fields.

One of the important personalities from the area in recent times was Justice (R) Khawaja Imtiaz Ahmad. He served as Chief Justice of the Lahore Highcourt from 2014-2015. He has the honor of being the first person from the area to be made judge of the Lahore Highcourt Lahore. He served as the Chief Justice of the Lahore Highcourt for 9 months and he is still remembered for his contributions to the judiciary of Pakistan.

Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil is divided into 16 Union Councils:
Lilla Bhera


Dina, Pakistan

Dina () is a rapidly expanding commercial town in the Jhelum District of the province of Punjab, Pakistan. It is about 10 miles northwest of Jhelum City, where there is a junction with the road to the Mangla Dam and Rohtas Fort. The historic Grand Trunk Road passes through the centre of the town.

In 1977, a municipal committee was established at Dina, but the town's status was changed to an administrative subdivision or tehsil of Jhelum District. The town is divided into 2 Union councils, UC 23 and UC 24.

The town is located at 33°1'60N 73°35'60E and has an altitude of 275 metres (905 ft) and has an area of about .

The jatt, Ghakkars, Mughals, Gujjars, Mirzas, Kashmiri Butt and Balouch tribes have the main control over the political activities and they occupy the maximum land of Dina city.



Takht-e-Nasrati Tehsil

Takht-e-Nasarati is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Karak District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The town of Takht-e-Nasrati is the headquarters of the tehsil.

The tehsil is administratively divided into 7 Union Councils - one of which makes up the tehsil capital. These are:


Kashmore

Kashmore () is a city in Kashmor District, Sindh, Pakistan.

Kasur Tehsil

Kasur Tehsil () city and urban tehsil (subdivison) is the city of the famous Punjabi Sufi poet Bulleh Shah and the capital of Kasur District. It is southeast of Lahore. It is one of the oldest cities in Pakistan. According to legend, it was founded thousands of years ago by Kash, or Kashava, brother of Lav, who were the sons of the deity Sri Rama Chandra, the hero of the epic Ramayana.

Pattoki Tehsil

Pattoki Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Kasur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The market town of Pattoki is the headquarters of the tehsil.

The tehsil of Pattoki is administratively subdivided into 31 Union Councils of Pakistan, these are:




Kabirwala Tehsil

Kabirwala Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 34 Union Councils of Pakistan, two of which form the tehsil capital Kabirwala.Dr. Safdar hameed is Incharge of civil Veterniary Hospital Kabirwala.

Khanewal Tehsil

Khanewal Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 25 Union Councils of Pakistan, six of which form the tehsil capital Kabirwala.

Jahanian Tehsil

Jahanian () is an administrative subdivision, tehsil, of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town of Jahanian is the headquarters of the tehsil.

Jahanian tehsil is subdivided into 12 Union Councils.

Mian Channu Tehsil

Mian Channu Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 12 Union Councils of Pakistan, three of which form the tehsil capital Mian Channu.

Kharan, Pakistan

Kharan () is a town in Kharan District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

Kohlu

Kohlu () is the capital of the Kohlu District in Balochistan, Pakistan.

Liane de Pougy

Liane de Pougy (July 2, 1869 – December 26, 1950), was a Folies Bergère dancer who became famous for being one of Paris's most beautiful courtesans.

Handwara

Handwara () is a town and a notified area committee in Kupwara District of the disputed territory of Indian-held Kashmir.

Kupwara

Kupwara () is a town and a notified area committee in Kupwara District, Kashmir.

Renala Khurd Tehsil

Renala Khurd is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 18 Union Councils of Pakistan, two of which form the tehsil capital Renala Khurd

Hub Tehsil

Hub Tehsil () is in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into seven Union Councils. Its heaquarters is in the city of Hub.

Sonmiani

Sonmiani is a coastal town in the southeast of Balochistan province in Pakistan. It is about 45 kilometres northwest of Karachi.

Uthal Tehsil

Uthal is a city in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. Uthal is the district headquarter of Lasbela District.

Lodhran Tehsil

Lodhran is the chief city of Lodhran District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is at 29°31'60N 71°37'60E. It is on the northern side of River Sutlej.

As well as being district capital, Lodhran is the administrative centre of Lodhran tehsil, which is subdivided into 28 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Lodhran Tehsil, has a total of 325 schools, 9 colleges, 30 hospitals, 10 police stations, 11 railway stations, 52 post offices, one radio station and 20 banks.

Mansehra Tehsil

Mansehra Tehsil () is a subdivision of the Mansehra District, Hazara Division, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The main or central city of Mansehra is also located in this area. It is a major stop for tourists on the Karakoram Highway which leads to China. It is also a major transit point to the Northern Areas and locations such as the Kaghan Valley, Naran, Shogran, Lake Saiful Mulook and Babusar Top.

Mardan Tehsil

Mardan () is a city and headquarters of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Takht Bhai Tehsil

Takht-i-Bahi (or Takhtbai or Takht-i-Bahi or Takht Bahai) is a Buddhist monastic complex dating back to 1st century BC. It is located about 15 kilometers from Mardan in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1980

Dasht (Kharan)

Dasht is a town and tehsil (a unit of government) of Kech District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The town is at 28°36'30N 66°18'50E with an altitude of 1796 metres (5895 feet). In 1998, 58,621 people lived in Dasht.

Mastung Tehsil

Mastung, the capital of Mastung District, is a town in the Baluchistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 29°48'0N 66°50'60E and has an altitude of 1701 metres (5583 feet). The town is also the administrative centre of Mastung Tehsil, an administrative subdivision of the district - the town itself is administratively subdivided into two Union Councils of Pakistan

Hala, Sindh

Hala () is a town in the Pakistani province of Sindh.

Matiari

Matiari () is the capital city of Matiari District, Sindh, Pakistan, 

This was founded by the Kazmi Syed Family which migrated from Herat, Afghanistan to first Hala kundi and then Matiari, they bought major agricultural lands here and made it into a big town.

It is said that the name matiari was given to this place because the settlers used to place water coolers made of clay said "MAT" in Sindhi on the roadside for the travellers to have water from them and with time the name became "MATT WARI" TO "MATIARI", some also said that it is said matiari because the syeds that shifted to this area lived in a nearby town for a short while which was named MATALO so this placed started being called MATALAN WARA and finally became matiari later on many of the Syed families shifted to other places of this district too such as BHANOTH and many kept living in matiari. 

Matiari District comprises of 3 talukas Matiari, Hala, New Saeedabad, Matiari is 25 kms away from Hyderabad.

Isakhel Tehsil

Isakhel Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Isakhel is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 14 Union Councils of Pakistan

Mianwali Tehsil

Mianwali () is the capital city of Mianwali District in the north-west of Punjab province, Pakistan.

Piplan Tehsil

Piplan is a town and tehsil of Mianwali District. It is in southern Punjab, Pakistan.

Mumtazabad Tehsil

Mumtazabad Colony is one of the oldest yet well-planned housing areas of Multan in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at and is in the east of Multan.

Sher Shah, Multan

Sher Shah is a town in Multan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Jatoi Tehsil

Jatoi is a tehsil, an administrative subdivision, of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, it is administratively subdivided into 16 Union Councils of Pakistan. The main languages are Seraiki, Punjabi and Urdu.

Kot Addu Tehsil

Kot Adu is a city of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city, which is subdivided into 3 Union Councils, is the capital of Kot Adu tehsil. It is located in the southern part of the province, and is a very historic city. It has a population of over 1 million, making it the 400th largest city in Pakistan. It is just east of the Indus River, more or less in the centre of the country, about 866 km from Karachi, 600 km from Islamabad, 100 km from Multan, 80 km from D.G. Khan, 60 km from Muzzafargarh, 60 km from Layyah and 16 km from Taunsa Barrage.

Kot Addu City, being a historic and prosperous city, attracts tourists and is known as the 'City of rivers'. The city was named after Addu Khan whose grave is still there in the middle of the city. Kot Addu has been considered for the capital of country due to strategic location of the city. It is politically and culturally rich. Many famous poets, singers and patricians were born in this tehsil.

Muzaffargarh

Muzaffargarh () is a town in southwestern Punjab, Pakistan. It is on the bank of the Chenab River. It is the capital city of Muzaffargarh District.

Sangla Hill Tehsil

Sangla Hill is a Tehsil in Pakistan in Nankana Sahib District in the Punjab Province.

Shahkot Tehsil

Shahkot is a Tehsil of Nankana Sahib District, Pakistan.

Narowal Tehsil

Narowal Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 39 Union Councils of Pakistan, four of which form the tehsil capital Narowal

Shakargarh Tehsil

Shakargarh Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 35 Union Councils, three of which form the tehsil capital Shakargarh.

Jhal Magsi

Jhal Magsi is a town in Kachhi District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

Bhiria

Bhiria is a city in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh in Pakistan.

Bhiria city is situated at National Highway Pakistan. It is Tehsil of District Naushahro Feroze. It had remained the city of Education in the days of Indo-Pak. This city has produced many literate persons who had served at distinct posts of Pakistan like; in Juidiciary, education, politics, economy, engineering, business. The population of the city is around 15 thousands inhabitants. The most important of this city is its sweat known as "Pera". It is somewhat made of milk, sugar, & other some stuff. Other cities nearby this city are Bhiria Road, Tharooshah, Kandiaro, & Mehrapur.

Moro

Moro is a city and a tehsil in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh, Pakistan. It is in the centre of Sindh. It is at 26°40'0N 68°0'0E. It has an altitude of . It is east of the River Indus.

Mehrabpur

Mehrabpur is a town and a tehsil in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh in Pakistan. It is on the main railway line between Karachi and Lahore. It is a junction station with a disused branch line to Naushahro Feroze.

On 19 December 2007, at 2:30 am an overcrowded express train travelling from Karachi to Lahore derailed 2 km south of Mehrabpur killing over 40 people and injuring hundreds more. The derailment seems to have been caused by defective rails.

Mailsi Tehsil

Mailsi Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 31 Union Councils of Pakistan, two of which form the tehsil capital Mailsi.

Vehari Tehsil

Vehari Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Vehari is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 26 Union Councils.

The Omen

The Omen is a 1976 American suspense/horror movie set in England. It was directed by Richard Donner. The movie stars Gregory Peck, Lee Remick, David Warner, Harvey Stephens, Billie Whitelaw, Patrick Troughton, Martin Benson, and Leo McKern. A remake, "The Omen," was released on June 6, 2006.

This movie has a sequel, "".


Dick Van Dyke was once offered the role as Ambassador Thorn, but turned it down because of the movie's violent gory content.

A series of events happened during the making of "The Omen" (October 1975 to January 1976) that caused some speculation as to whether or not the film was "cursed".

Separate flights for both actor Gregory Peck and executive producer Mace Neufeld were struck by lightning when flying between the US and England, and producer Harvey Bernhard was barely missed by a lightning bolt in Rome. A restaurant that Neufeld and Peck were to eat at in England was bombed by the IRA.

A plane hired by the studio to take aerial shots in Israel was switched at the last moment by the airline, and the clients who took the original plane were all killed when it crashed on takeoff. Some time later, a zookeeper who was helping the studio with handling animals was attacked and eaten alive by lions. After working on "The Omen", stuntman Alf Joint went on to work on "A Bridge Too Far" where he was pushed off a building during a stunt gone wrong.

On Friday, August 13, 1976, special effects artist John Richardson was in an accident in the Netherlands while working on "A Bridge Too Far", also right after work on "The Omen" was done. Less than a year after designing the deaths for "The Omen", Richardson's car was involved in a major accident which killed and decapitated his female companion, in a way similar to David Warner's death in "The Omen". It is rumored that upon stumbling out of his car he saw a road sign that said he was near the town of Ommen, marked 66.6 km away.

There are no road signs in the Netherlands giving distances in fractions of kilometres. Only kilometre markers use fractions. Near Raalte is a junction where the N348 joins the N35. This location currently corresponds with kilometre marker 66.6 on route N348. A road sign stating the direction towards Ommen is less than fifty metres away from this kilometre marker.

A local newspaper named De Stentor did some research into this matter and contacted a former police officer from the area. According to the police officer, the accident indeed took place near Raalte on the N348 between Raalte and Deventer, but not on the location where the 66.6 kilometre marker currently is, but near the 60.0 kilometre marker. Richardson may have misread the marker. At a glance a zero might look like a six.

Based on the current location of the marker and the details given by the police officer, another possible scenario is that Richardson was brought to a hospital in Zwolle and crossed the junction of the N348 with the N35. There he may have noticed kilometre marker 66.6, and immediately after that a road sign stating the direction towards Ommen. This may have freaked him out to the point that it became part of the legend of the curse.

Faker

Faker is a band from Sydney, Australia. They started in 1996 and have made two albums.

Faker officially started in Sydney in 1996. The first members were Nathan Hudson, Paul Youdell, Chris Deal, and Andrew Day. They played small gigs around Sydney, and made two EPs during the next five years, but did not have much success. Day left the band in 2003, and Paul Berryman joined. In 2006, Downing left; he said communicating with other members of the band was difficult. In 2008 Berryman left and was replaced by Lucio Pedrazzi.

Faker released their first album, "Addicted Romantic", on 13 June 2005. The album was only minorly successful in Australia, as it was nominated for the J Award from Triple J. It did not win; instead Wolfmother won.

Pakpattan Tehsil

Pakpattan () is the capital of Pakpattan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Pakpattan is also called the 'city of Baba Farid', in honour of the Sufi saint, Hazrat Baba Farid-ud-din Ganj Shakar whose shrine is located here. It is 190 km from Lahore and very close to Sahiwal, about 45 km. Pakpattan city is an old city. There is one postgraduate college for males called Faridia Degree College and one women's degree college as well. There are some government-funded schools such as Fazilka Islamia High School, Govt. High School, Urban area High School.

Panjgur

Panjgur () is a small town in Panjgur District, Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 26°58'0N 64°5'60E.

Pishin, Pakistan

Pishin () is a small town in Pishin District, Balochistan, Pakistan. In 2022, about 20.000 people lived there. The city is the capital of the district. The city is located in the east of the Balochistan province at 30°35'0N 67°0'0E near the border with Afghanistan with an altitude of 1555 metres (5104 feet). Tremors from the 2008 Ziarat earthquake were felt in the town. Today, the area around the city is mostly known for producing fruit. Most of the people in the area are ethnic Pashtuns. 

Bus routes connect the city to other cities in Pakistan, and Afghanistan. There also is a railway line and a small airport.


Pampore

Pampore () is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in the disputed occupied territory of Kashmir

Pulwama

Pulwama () is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in the Kashmir.
It is an area of Kashmir that is rich in agriculture.

Tral

Tral () is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in Kashmir.

Khanpur Tehsil

Khanpur () is a city in Punjab, Pakistan.

Khanpur is a centre for sugarcane and cotton crops. The Tehsil of Khanpur is one of the largest area-wise of Rahimyar Khan District. The famous Cholistan desert is mainly located in the Khanpur area.

Khanpur is also known as Khanpur Katora; Katora means bowl. Khanpur had a long history of producing clay bowls.

Khanpur is a nice and historical city of punjab, Pakistan. 
It is famous for the sweet named as khanpuri pedry famous in all over the pakistan

Sadiqabad Tehsil

Sadiqabad is a subdivision (tehsil) of Rahimyar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 29 Union Councils, six of which form the tehsil capital Sadiqabad.

Jampur Tehsil

Jampur is a small city in Rajanpur District, south of Dera Ghazi Khan, in the centre of Pakistan. It covers an area of about five square kilometres. It has 80,000 people.

Rajouri

Rajouri () is a city and a notified area committee in Rajouri District in Jammu and Kashmir. In overall, per official 1981 estimates, the population as divided by religion is 97% Muslim, 2% Sikh and 1% Hindu. Rajouri district is famous for its local cheese all over the state along with milk products, one of the famous dish in Rajouri is "makki di roti" ( i.e maize bread) which is consumed best with a fresh cup of tea ("chai"), most of the people are farmers and they do subsistence farming.

Sunderbani

Sunderbani () is a town and a notified area committee in Rajouri District in Jammu and Kashmir.

Thanamandi

Thanamandi () is a town and a notified area committee in the Rajouri District of the Kashmir.

Gujar Khan Tehsil

Gujar Khan Tehsil, head-quartered at Gujar Khan, is one of the seven Tehsils (sub-divisions) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 33 Union Councils of Pakistan and according to the 1998 census has a population of 493,000

Kahuta Tehsil

Kahuta Tehsil () is one of the seven Tehsils (subdivisions) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The neighbouring Tehsil of Kotli Sattian used to be part of Kahuta, but was later created as a separate tehsil.

Kotli Sattian Tehsil

Kotli Sattian is a tehsil (subdivision) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Its name is derived from the mountain town of Kotli and the Satti tribe. Main tribes of the area include the Dhanial.

Murree Tehsil

Murree Tehsil () is one of the seven Tehsils (i.e. sub-divisions) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Murree Tehsil is in the northernmost part of Punjab province where it borders the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. The hill resort city of Murree is the capital city of this area.

Rawalpindi Tehsil

Rawalpindi is a tehsil (an administrative subdivision) of Rawalpindi District in the western part of Punjab, Pakistan. It contains the district capital - the city of Rawalpindi.

Taxila Tehsil

Taxila Tehsil, headquartered at Taxila, is one of the seven Tehsils (sub-divisions) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. At the 1998 census, it had a population of 151,000.

Jhando Mari

Jhando Mari is a town and Union Council of Tando Allah Yaar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is in the north of the district at 25°38'60N 68°54'0E. The Union Council has 30,384 people.

Mithi

Mithi is a town in Tharparkar District, Sindh province, Pakistan. It is from Karachi.

Spandau Ballet

Spandau Ballet are an English pop group. The band became active in 1979 and split in 1990. They reformed in 2009. "True" is one of their biggest hits.


Chevrolet Corvette

The Chevrolet Corvette is a sports car that has been built by Chevrolet since 1953. It is now in its 8th generation.

The Corvette C1 was the first Corvette model. It was created by GM (General Motors) in 1953. It was designed by Harley Earl, and it was a show car. Chevrolet only made 300 Corvettes in 1953, and they are all almost the same. The C1 was the only model of Corvette to have an inline-6 engine option, and the inline-6 was only available from 1953 to 1955. Because the C1 was expensive and kind of slow, it was in danger of not being made anymore. Chevrolet changed the C1 in 1956, which made it faster and better. Afterwards, the car became more popular, and the C1 was built until 1962.

The Corvette C2 was the second Corvette model. The C2 was first built in 1963 and was made until 1967. The C2 was the first Corvette that could be bought as a coupé. The C2 was also the first Corvette to only offer V8 engines. The C2 became known as the Corvette Sting Ray. The C2 was much better and more advanced than the C1. The C2 features more powerful engines, better suspension, and faster speeds. Because of this, the C2 sold much better than the C1, and the Corvette was no longer in danger of not being made anymore.
The Corvette C3 was the third Corvette model. It was made from 1968 to 1982. The C3 was very similar to the C2. The main changes were the body and the inside. The V8 engines from the C2 became more powerful. In 1971, because the engines were too bad for the environment, the engines' power went down. This made the C3 slightly slower and less powerful. Every year, the engines became less powerful until 1975. This was because the U.S. government forced GM (General Motors) to make the engines better for the environment. The C3 Corvette convertible was not made after 1975, so only the coupe was for sale after 1975.

The Corvette C4 was the fourth Corvette model. It was made from 1984 to 1996. There were no 1983 Corvettes, except for a few made by Chevrolet that were used for testing. The C4 was the first time the Corvette was totally new. The C4 used many of the same engines as the C3 Corvette, but the body was totally new. The Corvette was made as a convertible again starting in 1986. 1986 was also the year the Corvette was a pace car for the Indianapolis 500 car race. Throughout the C4's life, new engines and transmissions were used. The C4 ZR-1 was a special edition of the C4, which was much faster than the normal C4. It was made from 1990 to 1995.

The Corvette C5 was the fifth Corvette model. It was made from 1997 to 2004. The C5 was much better than the C4 Corvette. The C5 had a new body, many new engines, and a better chassis. Because of the better engines and more aerodynamic body, the C5 Corvette The C5 was also much faster than the C4, and it had a top speed of 181 mph (miles per hour). The 1997 model was only available as a coupé with removable roof parts (known as a "targa" "top"), but in 1998, the Corvette convertible came on sale. Starting in 1999, a fixed-roof coupé went on sale. It is like the coupé, but with a completely solid roof. It is sometimes called the "FRC." In 2001, a faster C5 was made, called the Z06. The Z06 was faster than the C4 ZR-1, which it replaced. There was also a race car version of the C5, called the C5-R.

The Corvette C6 was the sixth Corvette model. It was made from 2005 to 2013. The C6 was a fairly large improvement over the C5. Some of the changes were exposed headlights, better suspension, and a much better interior. The C6 was also faster than the C5. Starting in 2008, the C6 got a new engine that had 430 horsepower. This made the car even faster. Like the C5, the C6 had a Z06 model. The C6 Z06 had a very big engine and was very light for a Corvette. This made the Z06 very fast. Also, there was a model called the ZR1, which was even faster. The ZR1 featured a supercharged engine and was even faster than the Z06. The ZR1 is sometimes called the "Blue Devil". It is the fastest Corvette C6. The ZR1 was first made in 2008. Like the C5, there was a race car version of the C6, called the C6.R.

The Corvette C7 is the seventh Corvette model. It was first made in 2014. It is known as the Corvette Stingray. The C7 is more advanced than the C6, and has a much nicer inside. The main engine is very similar to the one in the C6, but is now more powerful. The body of the C7 is different from other Corvettes. It has bigger headlights, very different back lights, and many more vents. The Corvette C7 is also available as a convertible. Like the C5 and C6, the C7 has a Z06 model. The Z06 is even faster than the C6 ZR1, and it has a supercharged engine. This engine makes 650 horsepower in the Z06. There is also a Z06 convertible for the first time ever. Like the C5 and C6, there is a C7 race car, which is called the C7.R.

The Corvette C8 is the eighth generation and is the current model, first produced on February 2020.


Bhumibol Adulyadej

Bhumibol Adulyadej (December 5, 1927 – October 13, 2016), was the King of Thailand from 9 June 1946 until 13 October 2016. Most people in Thailand knew him as "the Great" (, "Maharaja"). He was also known as Rama IX. He was one of the world's longest-serving heads of state. He was the longest-serving monarch in Thai history.

Bhumibol was a billionaire. He used some of his money to pay for over 3,000 development projects, mostly in rural areas. He was very popular in Thailand. He was like a semi-divine figure for some Thais.

Bhumibol was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. He was taught in Switzerland. Bhumibol was also a musician, artist, and sailor.

After a period of failing health and suffering from kidney failure, Bhumibol was hospitalized with pulmonary edema and sepsis on October 1, 2016 at the Siriraj Hospital in Bangkok. He died on October 13, 2016, aged 88. 

Don Edwards (ice hockey)

Donald Laurie Edwards (born September 28, 1955 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada), known as Don Edwards, is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres, Calgary Flames, and Toronto Maple Leafs. He won the Vezina Trophy along with Bob Sauve in 1980. He played in the 1980 and 1982 All-Star Games and backed up Mike Liut in the 1981 Canada Cup.

On February 24, 1982, Edwards was a part of history as he gave up Wayne Gretzky's 77th goal of the 1981-82 NHL season in a game vs. the Edmonton Oilers at Buffalo Memorial Auditorium. Gretzky broke Phil Esposito's former single season record of 76 goals and finished the year with 92, which still stands as an NHL record.

List of NHL franchise post-season droughts

These are lists of active and all-time NHL team post-season, post-season series win, Stanley Cup Final and Stanley Cup droughts up to and including the 2014 Stanley Cup Playoffs. Those teams which have never made it in team history are listed by the season that they entered the league, either as a new team or when they merged into the NHL from the WHA. These lists do not include the canceled 2004–05 NHL season.

A post-season appearance drought is continued by not making the NHL playoffs after the regular season. Since the first round of the playoffs consists of 8 series (16 teams) and there are 31 teams in the NHL, there will always be 15 teams that did not make the most recent playoffs on this list.

The other 16 teams – the Boston Bruins, Calgary Flames, Carolina Hurricanes, Colorado Avalanche, Columbus Blue Jackets, Dallas Stars, Nashville Predators, New York Islanders, Pittsburgh Penguins, San Jose Sharks, St. Louis Blues, Tampa Bay Lightning, Toronto Maple Leafs, Vegas Golden Knights, Washington Capitals and Winnipeg Jets – all qualified for the 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs. 

A post-season series win drought is continued either by not making the playoffs in a season or by making the playoffs in a season but subsequently losing the first round series. Since the first round of the NHL playoffs consist of 8 series (16 teams), there will always be 23 teams in this list – the 15 teams that do not qualify for the post-season, plus the 8 teams that lose their first round series.

The other 8 teams – the Boston Bruins, Carolina Hurricanes, Colorado Avalanche, Columbus Blue Jackets, Dallas Stars, New York Islanders, San Jose Sharks and St. Louis Blues – all won a post-season series in the 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs.

This is a list of the teams and the number of seasons since they have reached the Stanley Cup Finals. This list does not include the two teams that made the 2019 Stanley Cup Finals: the Boston Bruins and the St. Louis Blues.

This is a list of the teams and the number of seasons since they have won the Stanley Cup. This list does not include the most recent Stanley Cup Champions: the St. Louis Blues.

This list only includes cities/regions currently hosting an NHL franchise.


Eine kleine Nachtmusik

Eine kleine Nachtmusik is the name given to the Serenade No. 13 for strings in G major, K 525 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. It is one of his most popular pieces and the opening tune is heard in many places, e.g. on mobile phones.It was composed in 1787 and is a serenade for strings.

The title "Eine kleine Nachtmusik" means literally: "A little Night Music". "Nachtmusik" was a title which was often given to serenades in the 18th century. A serenade in the 18th century was a lighthearted piece of music, often played during feasts. This serenade is written for two violins, viola, and cello and possibly a double bass as well. It is either performed as a string quartet (just four players) or by a small group of instruments, in which case at least one double bass is normally added.

There are four movements:


The first movement has this famous opening tune:

The movement is in sonata form. A short while after the famous opening theme comes a second theme which is more graceful and in D major, the dominant key of G major. The first part (exposition) closes in D major and is repeated. The next part (development section) begins on D major and goes to other keys before the music returns to G major for the last part (recapitulation).

The second movement is a "Romanza". It is marked "Andante" ("at a walking pace"). It is gentler and slower than the first movement. Three tunes are heard during the movement, which has an ABACA structure.

The third movement is a minuet and trio (ABA) in G major.

The fourth and last movement is in sonata rondo form. This finale returns with the liveliness of the first movement.

Jam Nawaz Ali Tehsil

Jam Nawaz Ali is a small city in Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan about 60 km from Sanghar city. Cadet College Sanghar is in this city.

Khipro Tehsil

Khipro (, ) is a taluka, an administrative subdivision, of Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan.Also known as the capital of the white desert,gateway to white desert.Khipro have a lake which is known as botar lake which is covered by lotus. Khipro also make remarkable contribution in salt production. Its fast growing city through recent years it has gone through developing impact and going on. 

Sanghar Taluka

Sanghar Taluka () is a subdivision of Sanghar District in the province of Sindh in Pakistan. The city of Sanghar is the capital. 

Shahdadpur Tehsil

Shahdadpur is a city in Sindh, a province of Pakistan. It is at 27°51'N and 67°64'E. coordinates. The historical city of al-Mansura is about 19 km southeast of Shahdadpur. 

The shrines of Sohni and Mehinwal, from the Sohni Mahiwal story, are in and near the city. The shrine of Sohni is near the city, while that of Mehinwal is in the centre of the city. Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai (whose shrine is about 10 km from Shahdadpur) immortalised love through his poetry. 

Sinjhoro Tehsil

Sinjoro is a taluka (an administrative subdivision) of Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan. It is nearer to Sanghar than other tehsils. The people are mainly are Sindhi.

Most of the people are involved in agriculture and livestock. The Sindhi people are mostly involved in cultivation.

Tando Adam Khan

Tando Adam () is a town in Sindh, Pakistan.

Bhalwal Tehsil

Bhalwal Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 53 union councils, four of which form the tehsil capital Bhalwal.

The boundaries of the tehsil are marked by the Jhelum River and the Chenab River. According to the 1998 census the total population of the tehsil was 132,600.

Sargodha Tehsil

Sargodha Tehsil is a tehsil (administrative subdivision) of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The tehsil is subdivided into 62 Union Councils - 22 of which form the city of Sargodha.


Sillanwali Tehsil

Sillanwali Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 16 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Puran Tehsil

Puran is a tehsil of the Shangla District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Aloch is the headquarters of the tehsil. Puran Tehsil comprises nine Union Councils of Pakistan.

Puran Tehsil of the Shangla District is a beautiful place, and its boundaries meet Bunier, Swat, Kaladakha, and the Indus River.

Martung

Martung, Mārtung or Martoong is a highland village and sub tehsil of Shangla District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province (former ), Pakistan. The center of Martung (Koozkalai) is 982 meters above sea level. Some parts of Martung are more than 1800 meters above mean sea level. Some of Martung's important villages are Kabalgram, Pishlor, Titwalan, Koozkalai, Manzkalai, Shaga and Karindara.

Daska

Daska (, ), is a small industrial city with a population of around 300,000 in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town has the status of Tehsil (Sub District) and is one of four Tehsils of Sialkot District. It is located at 32°19'60N 74° 20' 60E.

Pasrur Tehsil

Pasrur () is a tehsil in Sialkot District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The nearest big cities are Sialkot, Narowal and Gujranwala.

Sambrial Tehsil

Sambrial is a town and tehsil of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is on the bank of Upper Chenab Canal at 32°28'0N 74°20'60E and lies to the west of the district capital Sialkot. It is home to Sialkot International Airport and Sialkot Dry Port.

Sambrial became the fourth tehsil of Sialkot, containing 160 villages with 17 Union Councils of Pakistan and two police stations - Sambrial and Begowala.

Lehri, Balochistan

Lehri is a town and Union Council of Sibi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.

Sukkur Taluka

Sukkur City Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city of Sukkur is the capital.

Sukkur City Taluka is administratively divided into 11 Union Councils.

Rohri Taluka

Rohri Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The town of Rohri is the capital.
The Ancient Roma people hail from this Area

Rohri Taluka is administratively divided into 11 Union Councils.

The Simpsons (season 1)

The Simpsons" Season 1 was the first season of The Simpsons", featuring 13 full-length episodes. The first episode aired on December 17, 1989 and the last aired on May 13, 1990.


Patrick Rafter

Patrick "Pat" Rafter (born 28 December 1972) is a retired professional tennis player from Australia. He was once ranked number one in the world. Rafter won the US Open in 1997 and 1998. He also reached and lost the 2000 and 2001 Wimbledon finals to Pete Sampras and Goran Ivanišević respectively.

Pat Cash

Patrick "Pat" Cash (born May 27, 1965, in Melbourne, Victoria) is a retired professional tennis player from Australia. He won the Wimbledon Championships in 1987 and was once ranked the fourth best player in the world.

Steve Young

Steve Young (born Jon Steven Young on October 11, 1961 in Salt Lake City, Utah), is a former quarterback for the NFL's San Francisco 49ers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He was named the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl XXIX. He is now in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


Pioneer 10

Pioneer 10 is a space probe launched by NASA on March 2 1972. Its aims were to study the planet Jupiter as well as the edges of the Solar System. The spacecraft also carried one of two plaques, the Pioneer plaques. On the plaques were images that held some information about humans and Earth. The other plaque was on "Pioneer 11". The plaques were designed by a team lead by Carl Sagan to communicate with extraterrestrial life should the spacecraft come into contact with it.

It was launched on March 3, 1972 at 01:50:00 UTC (March 2 local time), by an Atlas-Centaur expendable vehicle from Cape Canaveral, Florida.

On July 15, 1972, "Pioneer 10" became the first spacecraft that entered the asteroid belt, and then on February 15, 1973, "Pioneer 10" exited the asteroid belt. During this period, the spacecraft did encounter some asteroid hits, although fewer than expected.

"Pioneer 10" was the first spacecraft that explored the fifth planet from the Sun, Jupiter. Photography of Jupiter began November 6, 1973, at a range of 25,000,000 kilometers (16,000,000 mi), and about 500 images were transmitted. On December 4, 1973, "Pioneer 10" made the closest approach with Jupiter at a range of 132 250 km (82 180 miles). During the mission, the on-board instruments were used to study the asteroid belt, the environment around Jupiter, the solar wind, cosmic rays, and eventually the far reaches of the Solar System and heliosphere. In 1976, "Pioneer 10" passed Saturn's orbit, on February 11, 1979 it passed Uranus's orbit, on April 25, 1983 it passed Pluto, and on June 13, 1983, "Pioneer 10" became the first spacecraft that passed Neptune's orbit.

The mission came to an official end on March 31, 1997, when "Pioneer 10" was by that time at a distance 67 AU, which is 6.2 billion miles from the Sun or 10 billion km from the Sun.

On February 17, 1998, "Pioneer 10" was surpassed in the distance to the Sun by "Voyager 1" at the distance 70 AU (6.5 billion miles or 10.4 billion km) from the Sun.

There's not communication with the space probe anymore; the last contact was on January 23, 2003 and on March 2, 2006 a final attempt at contact failed. This was the last time "Pioneer 10" was aligned with Earth, and no further contact would be possible.

By 2019, "Pioneer 10" was predicted to exit the heliosphere and enter interstellar space.

On July 18, 2023, "Pioneer 10" is predicted to be surpassed in the distance from the Sun by "Voyager 2" at the distance 133.93 AU (around 12.45 billion miles or around 20.036 billion km) from the Sun. 

Synthetic

Synthetic usually means the combination of two or more parts, either by humans or natural processes. It can also be used as in:


San Siro

Stadio Giuseppe Meazza, known better as the San Siro, is a sports stadium in Milan, Italy. It is the home stadium of the Italian football clubs Milan and Inter.

The Chronicles of Narnia movie series

"The Chronicles of Narnia" movie series are a series of movies created by Walden Media and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. The movies are based on the series of fantasy novels of the same name written by British author C.S. Lewis. The first movie in the series, "", was released in 2005, and the second, "", was released in 2008. The third movie, "", was released in 2010. In January 2009, it was announced that Disney would not continue to distribute the "Narnia" movie series, thus "" was sent to 20th Century Fox. Fox will now distribute the "Narnia" movie series afterwards.

20th Century Fox will currently distribute "" in works.

2008 in movies

Below is a list of movies released in 2008, ordered by release date.



Super Bowl XXXIV

Super Bowl XXXIV (or Super Bowl 34) was a Super Bowl game between the St. Louis Rams and the Tennessee Titans in the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1999 regular season. The Rams won against the Titans 23–16. The game was played on January 30, 2000 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.
It is best remembered for the final play of the game, where Mike Jones of St Louis tackled Kevin Dyson of Tennessee at the one yard line as time ran out, thus stopping Tennessee from scoring a touchdown that could have tied the game.

Both teams did not play well early on in the game. St. Louis went inside the "Red zone" (the final 20 yards) of Tennessee's half six times in the first half, but only scored four times - three field goals, and one touchdown. They missed one field goal try, and had to abort another due to a bad snap. Tennessee also missed a field goal in the fist half. This gave St Louis a 16-0 lead at half time.
In the second half, Tennessee fought back, with two Touchdowns - but only scored the extra point on one of them, and then tied the game with a field goal.
St. Louis then scored in just one play to take the lead again, 23-16, with fewer than two minutes left.
With only one time-out remaining, Tennessee tried to drive into the End zone to score a touchdown that could have tied the game if they made the extra point. However, after using their time-out with just six seconds left, the final play had Kevin Dyson tackled at the one yard line. The time ran out, and St. Louis won the game.

St. Louis quarterback Kurt Warner was named the game's Most Valuable Player (MVP).



Evangelical Church in Germany

The Protestant Evangelical Church in Germany (German: Evangelische Kirche in Deutschland, abbreviated EKD) is a group of 20 regional churches. They are made up of two Reformed (Calvinist), 9 Lutheran and 9 United (Lutheran-Reformed) churches. 

The Moravian Church and the Federation of Evangelical Reformed Congregations are associate members.

The Evangelical Church in Germany is not a church like the Church of England or the Roman Catholic Church. This is because it is not one big church which share the same system of beliefs, instead it is a collection of churches which allow its members to share in church services and worship.


Season (sports)

In sports, a season is the part of one year that games of that sport are played. For example, in Major League Baseball, one season lasts about from April to September, that is the time of the year that baseball teams play their games.
There are four parts of the season, they are:

Regular seasons of some leagues take place often in these months:

S.E.A.

The three-letter acronym SEA could mean:

People/organizations/businesses

Sports teams

Mathematical

Locations

Other


Cancer (disambiguation)

Cancer can mean:

See also:

Billy Reid

Billy Reid (born 18 July 1963 in Glasgow) is a retired Scottish footballer. He is now manager of Scottish Premier League club Hamilton Academical.

Reid won the PFA Scotland Manager of the Year in 2008.

Csaba László

Csaba László (born 13 February, 1964 in Odorheiu Secuiesc, Harghita County, Romania) is a Romanian-Hungarian football manager and former player. In 2012 he was appointed as a head coach of Lithuanian national football team. He was previously manager of Scottish Premier League club Hearts and also had spells at Ferencvárosi TC, FC Sopron and the Ugandan national team.

Mixu Paatelainen

Mika-Matti "Mixu" Paatelainen (born February 3, 1967 in Helsinki) is a retired Finnish football player and is the current manager of Hibernian. Mixu is the oldest of three brothers, all of whom have played professional football. He scored 18 goals in 70 appearances for the Finnish national team, which makes him Finland's all time twelfth most capped player and fifth top goalscorer.

Craig Brewster

Craig James Brewster, (born in Dundee on 13 December 1966), is a Scottish manager and former professional footballer . He was most recently manager of Inverness Caledonian Thistle for the second time, but had previously made his name in a long and successful career playing as a prolific centre forward for many clubs in Scotland, but most notably for Ionikos in Greece.

Jim Jefferies (footballer)

Jim Jefferies (born November 22, 1950 in Musselburgh, East Lothian) is a Scottish football manager. He was most recently the sporting director at Edinburgh City. Jefferies began his managerial career at Gala Fairydean before he joined Berwick Rangers, where he was manager until 1988. He then managed Falkirk, Heart of Midlothian and Kilmarnock. He was the longest serving manager in the Scottish Premier League when he left Kilmarnock in January 2010. He had been managing the club for eight years.

Mark McGhee

Mark Edward McGhee (born 25 May, 1957 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former professional footballer and current manager of English club Bristol Rovers.

McGhee played for many Scottish and English clubs, before he had to retire because of injury. He started his playing career at Greenock Morton before moving on to Newcastle United, Aberdeen, Hamburg, Celtic, IK Brage and Reading and won the Scottish PFA Players' Player of the Year in 1982 as well as four caps and two goals for the Scotland national football team. His greatest career moment came in 1983 when he was in the Aberdeen side that defeated Real Madrid 2-1 to lift the European Cup Winner's Cup.

Walter Smith

Walter Smith, OBE (24 February 1948 – 26 October 2021) was a Scottish football player, but was better known as a football manager. He was the manager of Scottish Premier League club Rangers, his second spell in that capacity with the club.

Walter Smith was born in Lanark, South Lanarkshire, and grew up in Carmyle in the east end of Glasgow as a boyhood fan of Rangers. He trained as an electrician and gained employment at the South of Scotland Electricity Board before launching his football career in the 1960s with Junior League team Ashfield.

Smith signed as a defender with Dundee United in 1966, joining as a part-timer while working as an electrician. He was a decent player rather than a gifted one. In September 1975 he moved to Dumbarton, but returned to United in 1977. At the age of 29, a pelvic injury threatened his career and he was invited to join the Dundee United coaching staff by Jim McLean. His first team appearances were limited thereafter, but he remained a signed player and his final club match was in September 1980. In total, he made over 250 senior appearances, scoring three goals.

In March 2021, Smith was hospitalized and had surgery for an unknown illness. Smith's death was announced on 26 October 2021. He was 73.

Richard Hamilton (artist)

Richard Hamilton CH (24 February 1922 – 13 September 2011) was an English painter and collage artist. He was born in Pimlico, London.


Peter Blake (artist)

Sir Peter Thomas Blake, CBE (born 25 June 1932 in Dartford, Kent) is an English pop artist, best known for his design of the sleeve for The Beatles' album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". He lives in Chiswick, London, United Kingdom.

During the late 1950s, Blake became one of the best known British pop artists.Blake was included in group expositions at the Institute of Contemporary and had his first solo exposition in 1960. It was the 'Young Contemporaries' exposition of 1961 where he was displayed next to David Hockney and R.b Kitaj that he was first identified with the young British Pop Art movement.Blake won the John Moores junior award (1961) for his work Self Portrait with Badges.


Sehwan Sharif Tehsil

Sehwan Sharif () is a taluka in Jamshoro District, Sindh, Pakistan. The taluka headquarter is Sehwan, the city famous for saint Lal Shahbaz Qalandar.

Currently, Sindh government is planning to Create Sehwan Sharif District with the combination of Sehwan taluka and Rani Kot Taluka (Planned), Rani Kot Taluka is under planning due to upgrade tourists facilities 

The city is known for its Muslim patron saint Hazrat Lal Shahbaz Qalandar who lived here in 13th century CE. The mausoleum of Hazrat Shahbaz Qalandar attracts hundred of thousands of faithful Muslims every year. Sehvan sharif is basically known by the Muslim Sufi saint, philosopher and poet Hazrat Syed Usman Shah Marwandi commonly known as Lal Shahbaz Qalandar ( لال شھباز قلندر).

In British India, Sehwan Taluka was a part of Sehwan Division of Karachi District. Its headquarters were in the town of Sehwan and it was a tehsil (administrative subdivision) of the district. 

The taluka was bordered to the north by the talukas of Dadu and Johi, to the east by the talukas of Kazi Ahmed and Moro, and to the south by the talukas of Manjhand and Kohistan Mahal (now Thana Bula Khan).

Sehwan Taluka has a ancient history that goes back thousands of years. Siwistan or sewan was the traditional name for sehwan. The shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalander, a Sufi saint who is thought to have lived in the 12th century, is located in the town of Sehwan. Muslim pilgrims from all over the world frequently visit the shrine.

Sehwan was a part of the Talpur kingdom in the 18th century. Sindh was controlled by the Talpur family from 1783 to 1843. Following the British victory over the Talpurs in 1843, Sehwan was given the rank of taluka, and the taluka joined the Karachi district of British India.

The taluka was transferred to Larkana from Karachi district in 1901 to create the new Larkana District.

Before being combined with the taluka of Dadu to establish the new district of Dadu in 1931, the taluka was still a part of the Larkana district. Sehwan Taluka is currently a part of Sindh, Pakistan's Jamshoro district.

In 2004, Sehwan taluka was again combined with Kotri taluka to form a new Jamshoro district.

The shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalander, the remains of the Sehwan Fort, and the Manchhar Lake are just a few of the historical and archaeological monuments that can be found in the taluka. Additionally, the taluka is renowned for its agricultural output, particularly of wheat, sugarcane, and rice.

The following are a few significant occasions in Sehwan Taluka's history:

Lal Shahbaz Qalander is reputed to have resided in Sehwan in the 12th century.

Sehwan was a component of the Talpur kingdom from 1783 to 1843.

1843: The British annex Sehwan Taluka.

1858: Sehwan attained taluka rank.

1901: Sehwan Taluka was moved to the Larkana district.

1931: The talukas of Sehwan and Dadu are combined to create the new district of Dadu.

2004: taluka again combined with Kotri taluka to form a new district Jamshoro.

Dokri

Dokri () is a town in Larkana District, Sindh province of Pakistan and is the capital town of the Dokri Taluka. Moenjodaro is found 7 km away in East-South of the Dokri town. The town has been the point of several Communist movements in the past.

Dokri was once called "Lab-e-Darya" or a "lip of the Indus", the name is believed to have been taken from "Dhaatki", or "‘old woman’".

Okara Tehsil

Okara () is a city in the Okara District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is southwest of the city of Lahore. Okara is famous for its agriculture-based economy and cotton mills.

Landi Kotal

Landi Kotal or Landikotal () in Pakistan is the highest point on the Khyber Pass, 1,072 metres above sea level. It is on a route across the mountains from the near-border city, Peshawar. Landi Kotal is often visited by tourists and can be reached by train or road.

Landi Kotal is the main shopping centre for both the Shinwari and Afridi tribes.

In 1897, during British rule, the Afridis attacked Landi Kotal and other posts in the Khyber Pass. The British counter-attacked with a force of 34,500 men under Sir William Lockhart, defeating the Afridis. 

In 1925 work began on a railway line linking Jamrud to Landi Kotal.

Ham (disambiguation)

Ham can have different meanings:

Liège (province)

Liège (, , , , , , ) is the easternmost province of the Walloon Region, in Belgium. Its capital is the city of Liège.

It is an area of French and German ethnic groups. Most of its inhabitants speak French and a minority of them speaks German.

The present province comes from a department created by the French government in the late eighteenth century, the Department of Ourte. In 1815, after the defeat of Napoleon, the eastern part (Eupen, Malmedy, Saint-Vith and four other German municipalities) was given to the Prussian empire.

While maintaining the French administrative borders, King William I of the Netherlands gave back the more traditional names of the provinces instead of the names used by the French. He named the province as Liège, remembering the old principality of Liège, although the region did not correspond much to the old principality.

In 1919, after the Prussian defeat, the cantons Eupen, Malmedy and Saint-Vith were again part of the province of Liège.

The province of Liège is in southeastern Belgium and borders on (clockwise from the North) the Netherlands, Germany, Luxembourg and in Belgium the provinces of Luxembourg, Namur, Walloon Brabant (Wallonia), and those of Flemish Brabant and Limburg (Flanders).

The province has an area of and a population of about 1,111,000 in 2022. The province is divided into four arrondissements ("arrondissementen" in Dutch) with 84 municipalities, 75 French-speaking municipalities and 9 German-speaking municipalities.

With , the Signal de Botrange is the highest point of the province and of Belgium. It is in Waimes, Verviers district.

The main river is the "Meuse" (Dutch: "Maas") river; its source is in France, in Champagne-Ardenne and then flows through Belgium by the provinces of Namur and Liège. After , it flows into the North Sea. 

Other rivers in the province are:

The province of Liège is divided into 4 "arrondissements" (Huy, Liège, Verviers and Waremme) and a total of 84 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


East Flanders

East Flanders (, , ) is a province of Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.

Its capital, and also the largest city of the province, is Ghent (, ).

"East" in "East Flanders" means that it is in eastern part of Flanders, a region that forms part of the present Belgium. The word "Flanders" refers to the historic county of Flanders and appears for the first time in the year 358 under the name "pagus Flandrensis" ("pagus" is a Latin word meaning a very small town, with only few houses).

The "pagus Flandrensis" region was a coastal area with large tidal channels and green marshes where sheep farmers lived.

The modern province of East Flanders was the old Escaut department, created in 1795 during the First French Empire in the eastern part of the County of Flanders.

In 1815, during the creation of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the department became the province of East Flanders.

East Flanders borders (clockwise from the North) on the Netherlands and in Belgium on the provinces of Antwerp, Flemish Brabant (both in Flanders), of Hainaut (Wallonia) and of West Flanders (Flanders).

The province has an area of with a population of about 1,544,000 in 2022.

The capital and biggest city is Ghent, also the second largest city in the Flemish Region. Other smaller cities are Aalst, Sint-Niklaas and Dendermonde in the east of the province.

Its highest point is Hotondberg, high, in the municipality of Kluisbergen, Oudenaarde district.

The main river in the province is the Scheldt (Dutch: Schelde, ); it merges with the Leie in Ghent. The Dender flows into the Scheldt in the city of Dendermonde.

The province of Hainaut is divided into six "arrondissements" (Aalst, Dendermonde, Eeklo, Ghent, Oudenaarde and Sint-Niklaas) and a total of 60 municipalities since 2019.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


Flemish Brabant

Flemish Brabant (, , ) is the youngest and smallest province of the Flemish Region, one of the three regions of Belgium. It covers the Dutch-speaking northern part of the former province of Brabant. Flemish Brabant also completely surrounds the Brussels-Capital Region, which forms an enclave within the territory of the province.

Its capital, and also the largest city of the province, is the university city of Leuven (, often used in English).

"Flemish" in "Flemish Brabant" means that it is in the Flemish part of the former province of Brabant of Belgium. "Brabant" was an old region, the Duchy of Brabant. The word "Brabant" appears for the first time in the seventh century when the abbey of Nivelles was founded in the "pagus Bracbatensis" ("pagus" is a Latin word meaning a very small town, with only few houses).

Flemish Brabant was created in 1995 by the splitting of the former province of Brabant into three parts: two new provinces, Flemish Brabant and Walloon Brabant; and the Brussels-Capital Region, which no longer belongs to any province. The split was made to accommodate the eventual division of Belgium in three regions (Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels-Capital Region).

The province borders on (clockwise from the North) the Belgian provinces of Antwerp, Limburg, Liège, Walloon Brabant, Hainaut and East Flanders.

The province has an area of ; it is about long (east-west direction) and about wide (north-south direction).

It has a population of about 1,173,000 in 2022.

The province is divided into two districts ("arrondissements" in French and "arrondissementen" in Dutch) with 65 municipalities.

The main rivers of the province are the Dyle, the Demer and the Zenne.

The province of Flemish Brabant is divided into two districts: Halle-Vilvoorde has Brussels in its middle and, therefore, is mainly a residential area, but it also has large industrial zones; the other district is Leuven, centered on the city of Leuven.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).

The province of Flemish Brabant did not exist before 1995.


Network card

A Network interface card (also known as a NIC, network card, or network interface controller) is an electronic device that connects a computer to a computer network , usually a LAN. It is considered a piece of computer hardware. Most modern computers support an internal network interface controller embedded in the motherboard directly rather than provided as an external component.

Network cards let a computer exchange data with a network. To achieve the connection, network cards use a suitable protocol, for example CSMA/CD. Network cards usually implement the first two layers of the OSI model, that is the physical layer, and the data link layer. There are older network protocols such as ARCNET, introduced in 1977, LocalTalk or Token Ring, but today, most network cards use Ethernet.Ethernet cards are available in several different standard packages called form factors that have evolved over the last several generations of PC hardware:


Ethernet cards operate at different network speeds depending on the protocol standard they support.

Old Ethernet cards were capable only of the 10 Mbps maximum speed originally offered by the Ethernet standard. Modern Ethernet adapters support the 100 Mbps ​fast Ethernet standard and an increasing number now also offer ​gigabit Ethernet support at 1 Gbps (1000 Mbps).

Ethernet cards ruled when cables remained the primary form of network access. Although Ethernet offers more reliable connections than wireless networking and therefore remains popular as a built-in option for desktop PCs and other relatively immobile computers, mobile devices including laptops and tablets have shifted away from Ethernet and toward Wi-Fi. The expansion of Wi-Fi services in workplaces, coffee shops, libraries and other public places has reduced the need for Ethernet cards. 
Genogram

A genogram is a family tree with medical details, such as whether the person is male or female, and whether brothers and sisters are twins. Genograms help medics understand a person better.

One of the advantages of a genogram is the ability to use colour-coded lines to define different types of relationships such as family relationships, emotional relationships and social relationships. Within family relationships, you can illustrate if a couple is married, divorced, common-law, engaged, etc.

Ancestor table

An ancestor table (from German language "ahnentafel") is a family tree where people are shown in a numbered list instead of a tree.

In the table, a person is listed as number 1, the father is 2, the mother is 3. Then, the grandparents can be added:

This can continue even farther, including the great-grandparents:

Coupé

A coupé or coupe (from the French coupé: past participle of the verb "couper", to cut) is type a car with a fixed roof and two doors.

Gus MacPherson

Angus 'Gus' Ian MacPherson (born 11 October 1968 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish footballer. St Mirren parted with MacPherson on 11 May 2010. He is currently the manager of Queen of the South. He was educated at Lenzie Academy.

McPherson started his career as a youth player with Rangers, but was unable to break in to the first team, spending a period on loan to Exeter City. In 1991 he moved to Kilmarnock, where he went on to play over 350 games.

He played with Dunfermline Athletic for two season before moving to St Mirren as player–assistant manager in 2003.

MacPherson was then appointed as player–manager on 18 December 2003 after the resignation of John Coughlin.

He retired from playing at the end of the 2003-04 season. 

St. Johnstone F.C.

St. Johnstone Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Perth. Although it is officially recorded as being formed in 1884, research has shown that they did not play their first game until February 1885. The club plays its home games at McDiarmid Park.

St. Johnstone will now compete in the Scottish Premiership after finishing first and being promoted in the 2008-09 season.

Bookcase

A bookcase, or bookshelf, is a piece of furniture that is used to hold books.

Bookcases can be different sizes, from a small single shelf to a large bookcase that can fill an entire wall.

Libraries have many bookcases holding books on many different topics.

In imperial China, there were revolving bookcases. They are described in 8th- and 9th-century Chinese writings. They were popular in Buddhist monasteries during the Song Dynasty. A revolving bookcase is shown in Li Jie's "Yingzao Fashi".

Books used to be written by hand. Not many of them were made. At that time, they were kept in small boxes or chests. The boxes or chests were carried around with the owners. When people started having a lot of books and other manuscripts, they kept them on shelves or in cupboards. Later the cupboard doors were removed. The cupboards then looked like today's bookcases.

The oldest bookcases in England are in the Bodleian Library at Oxford University. Those were put there near the end of the 16th century.

Spreadsheet

A Spreadsheet is a computer program that imitates a paper worksheet. It shows a large sheet (like a sheet of paper) that has many cells in a grid of rows and columns. Users can put words or numbers into the cells, to make headings and store information (usually numbers). You can also move the grid lines around so that some cells are bigger than others, and change the color or size of text/font, the same way font/text is changed in a word processor. You can even put pictures in the worksheets, make multiple pages, and print out their results on real paper.

The primary reason most people use spreadsheets is for automatic calculations. Spreadsheets can be designed to add up the items/amounts on a bill, calculate sales tax, and even calculate income tax. A user can add and subtract the numbers here, even if the numbers are not next to each other. This means the computer does all the math, and people only need to give the correct information.

Another strength of spreadsheets, is that they can produce diagrams, like graphs and pie-charts, based on the data the user enters. Sometimes the numbers make more sense when the computer turns them into a picture.

In 1969, a program called LANPAR was created. It was like a digital table that could do math on big computers shared by many people. They named it LANPAR because those words meant something special. Then, in 1979, a similar program called VisiCalc was made for smaller computers. This helped make the Apple II computer really popular. Before Windows became common, a program called Lotus 1-2-3 was the most popular for working with these digital tables. But now, Microsoft Excel is the most used one on Windows and Mac computers. These digital table programs are now found in programs that help people do work in offices. In 2006, Google made their own digital table program that you can use on the internet. It's called Google Sheets and is part of Google Drive.

A spreadsheet is like a digital table made up of little boxes called cells. These cells are put in rows (like lines in a book) and columns (like vertical lines). Each cell has a special name that tells its position, using letters for columns and numbers for rows. For example, a cell might be called "C10." This idea of giving cells names was first used in a program called LANPAR. Another program called VisiCalc used a similar way of naming cells. You can also talk about a group of cells that are next to each other, like a bunch of cells in a column. This group is called a range. To talk about a range, you use the names of the first and last cells in that group. For example, you can call the first ten cells in the first column "A1:A10." LANPAR did something special too. It allowed you to do calculations that depended on things you would write later. This was helpful and came back later in programs like Lotus 123 and Microsoft's MultiPlan Version 2.

In the new computer programs that work with tables, we put many tables together to make a big book called a workbook. This workbook is like a special computer file that holds all the information for the book, including the tables and the little boxes in the tables. Each table inside the workbook is called a worksheet or sheet for short. You can imagine these sheets like pages in a book. To switch between them, you can use tabs, just like flipping pages. But one program called Numbers does it differently. If you have many sheets in one book, you give each box a special name that tells which sheet it's in. For example, you might say "Sheet 1!C10" to talk about a box in Sheet 1. Sometimes, you can even use this naming to talk about boxes in other books too.




Washington (disambiguation)

Washington can have different meanings:


There are 30 counties in the United States named for George Washington





Bill Anderson

William "Red" Anderson (December 13, 1912 – June 16, 1991) in Tillsonburg, Ontario) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played one game with the Boston Bruins in the National Hockey League (NHL).

John Aiken

Donald John Judson Aiken (January 1, 1932 – November 2, 2021) was an American ice hockey player. He played one game for the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League between the 1957 and 1958 season. He was born in Arlington, Massachusetts.

Aiken died on November 2, 2021 in Reading, Massachusetts at the age of 89.

Sebastien Centomo

Sebastien Centomo (born March 26, 1981 in Laval, Quebec is a professional ice hockey player who played one game with the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Alexander Andrievsky

Alexander Andrijevski (born August 10, 1968 in Minsk, Belarus) was a Belarusian professional hockey right winger who played one game for the Chicago Blackhawks in the National Hockey League.


1931–32 NHL season

The 1931–32 NHL season was the fifteenth season of the National Hockey League. Eight teams played 48 games each. The Toronto Maple Leafs swept the New York Rangers in three games for the Stanley Cup.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1931–32 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1931–32 (listed with their last team):


Bigpoint GmbH

Bigpoint GmbH is a game developer based in Hamburg, Germany which produces browser based MMORPG games that are unique in that do not require any downloads to play.

Founded by Heiko Hubertz in December of 2002, Bigpoint has experienced record growth (more than 4500% in 5 years) since its creation and won numerous business awards including the Red Herring Award in 2007 - placing it among the top 100 most innovative businesses - and the Ruban d'Honneur at the European Business Awards in 2009.

In June of 2008 a 70% controlling share of Bigpoint GmbH was purchased by NBCU's and GE's joint venture Peacock Equity Fund and UK PE Firm GMT Communications Partners in a $110m (€70m) deal that gave each a 35% share of the company.

This allowed the three initial venture capital investors - Aurelia Private Equity, European Founders Fund and United Internet Beteiligungen - to sell out while CEO Heiko Hubertz re-invested his share of the sale to retain a 30% stake in the company.

Heiko Hubertz currently acts as the company's Managing Director.

Bigpoint has a portfolio of more than 40 games translated into 20 languages, with the two largest being SeaFight with approximately 15.7 million registered users and Dark Orbit with approximately 14.2 million registered users.

The company claims to receive more than 200,000 new user registrations each day.

A complete list of Bigpoint's games can be found Here 


Space Invasion

Space Invasion is a text-based online browser game. Space Invasion is a Space-strategy themed game. It currently has over 500,000 Players. Space Invasion was created by the company Bigpoint.

There are 4 types of resources. They are:

Pig Iron is for upgrading buildings and also to help create Metal Slabs.

Metal is harder, more resistant and more mouldable than pig iron, and is used mostly for ship construction and better structures. This is the most used substance in the game

Kryptonite is used for almost all types of ships and buildings. It's also used for research.

Spice is a mostly a rare raw material. As a result, it is that much more valuable. Spice provides a good performance in ship drives, in research and also in alloys. Spice even plays a vital role in food production. It is essential for an up-and-coming empire.

In this game you can trade the various resources with the rule of thumb being 6:3:4:1 in the order Pig Iron, Metal, Kryptonite, Spice.

e.g. 6k Pig Iron would be traded for 3k Metal, or 4k Kyrptonite, or 1k Spice.

Mining is the first task you start in the game. In order to mine the four resources you must upgrade each mine. Every upgrade increases the amount of resources the mine produces every hour. But every upgrade uses more energy. So accordingly you must also upgrade the Fusion Plant, which produces energy for the mines. 

Every upgrade uses another field. On your first planet there is 240 fields.

This is the second possibility after mining. You can build and upgrade the Development Center which decreases your building times for factories and such. The research lab unlocks different types of research, and decreases research times. The weapons factory is needed for all ships and defenses. With every level the weapons factory decreases production time.

Stromatolite

Stromatolites are special rock-like structures. They usually form in shallow water.

They are formed by bacteria such as cyanobacteria. There may also be other types of bacteria and single-celled algae.

The mucus secreted by the bacteria collects grains of sediment, and they are stuck together with calcium carbonate, also from the bacteria. This builds up into the structures seen in certain sea-shore bays. Cyanobacteria use water, carbon dioxide, and sunlight to create their food, and expel oxygen as a by-product.

The real significance of stromatolites is that they are the earliest fossil evidence of life on Earth. The oldest known stromatolites have been dated between 3,710 million years and 3,695 million years old, and were discovered from an exposed outcrop of metacarbonate rocks in the Isua supracrustal belt (ISB) in Southwest Greenland. 

The ISB stromatolites predate by over 215 million years the previous evidence for oldest life remains: stromatolites in the 3,480 million year old Dresser Formation of the Pilbara craton in Western Australia.
At one time, the oldest known stromatolites were dated to 3,450 million years ago, during the Archaean eon. Recent discoveries of older stromatolites shows evidence in accord with genetic molecular clock studies. These have placed the origin of life in the Hadean eon.

The ability of cyanobacteria to perform oxygenic photosynthesis is highly significant. Early cyanobacteria in stromatolites are thought to be responsible for increasing the amount of oxygen in the primeval Earth's atmosphere through their continuing photosynthesis. They were the first known organisms to photosynthesize and produce free oxygen. After about a billion years, the effect of this photosynthesis began to make a huge change in the atmosphere. The process, called the Great Oxygenation Event, actually took a long time. Eventually, it killed off most of the organisms which could not live in oxygen. It led to the kinds of environment we know today, where most organisms use and need oxygen.


Newington, London

Newington is an area in the London Borough of Southwark in London, England.


Makemake (dwarf planet)

Makemake (symbol ; officially known as 136472 Makemake) is a dwarf planet. It was discovered on March 31, 2005 by astronomers Michael E. Brown, Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz. It was announced as a dwarf planet on June 11, 2008, and the discovery of a moon was announced on April 26, 2016. Makemake is a Trans-Neptunian object, because it orbits the Sun further out than Neptune. 

Originally the object was given a codename 'Easterbunny' as it was discovered shortly after Easter. The International Astronomical Union gave it the name 136472 Makemake, the creator god of the ancient Easter Island people, to keep its connection with Easter.

Makemake appears to be made mainly of ice and rock. However, at its very low temperature, ice is as hard as many types of rock.

In 2016, it was discovered that Makemake has a small moon. Makemake's moon does not yet have a name. Instead, astronomers call it "S/2015 (136472) 1" and use a nickname of MK2. Its orbital period around Makemake is more than 12 days. The moon is about 87.5 kilometers across.


Encyclopedia Dramatica

Encyclopædia Dramatica is a website that stored mostly articles that make fun of people or things. The pages satirize current events, and many events on the internet. Encyclopædia Dramatica has been described as a "snarky (sarcastic and nasty) Wikipedia anti-fansite".

The site is a wiki that runs on MediaWiki software. The site often shows its content in a disrespectful way and often abusive style. Many articles are written in a satirical way to upset those who take the content seriously.

This wiki has been described as "an online compendium of troll humor and lore". Its articles relate to news, current events, gossip and other "drama" topics from across the Internet, controversial article content, forums, fansites, Internet subculture, users of web services, and online catchphrases are satirized in a manner described variously as coarse, offensive and frequently obscene. Articles at Encyclopædia Dramatica are notably critical of MySpace and administrators of Wikipedia.

It was closed on April 16, 2011, and relaunched as "Oh Internet". Not all of the users of Encyclopedia Dramatica liked the decision. Many non-users didn't like the decision either, and hacked and attacked the Facebook fan page with "hate messages and pornography". But now, ED is back open.

Super Bowl XXXVI

Super Bowl XXXVI was a Super Bowl game. It was played on February 3, 2002 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. The New England Patriots won their first Super Bowl by defeating the St. Louis Rams (now called the Los Angeles Rams), 20–17. The national anthem was sung by Mariah Carey and the halftime show featured the band, U2.



Marc Bulger

Marc Robert Bulger () (born April 5, 1977 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American former professional football quarterback. He played for 11 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the St. Louis Rams and Baltimore Ravens. He played his entire NFL career with the Rams and was only the backup quarterback for Joe Flacco on the Ravens. He was voted Most Valuable Player of the 2004 Pro Bowl.

On August 2, 2011, Bulger retired from playing professional football.


Pro Bowl

The Pro Bowl is the all-star game for the National Football League (NFL). It is played the week before the Super Bowl. The game has been played at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii, since January 1980.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>filled in for then-Jets head coach Bill Parcells

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Saturday game


Dennis Green

Dennis "Denny" Green (February 17, 1949 – July 22, 2016) was a head coach for the Minnesota Vikings and Arizona Cardinals, in the National Football League. He also coached college football for Northwestern University and Stanford University. He was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

After the Cardinals' loss to the Chicago Bears in 2006, Green erupted in an angry interview, because the Cardinals were winning by 20 points first, but then the Bears came back and won, with the Cardinals kicker Neil Rackers missing the game-winning field goal.

Green died suddenly of a massive heart attack in Minneapolis, Minnesota on July 22, 2016, aged 67.


Emmitt Smith

Emmitt James Smith III (born May 15 1969 in Pensacola, Florida) is a former National Football League player who played for the Dallas Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals. 


Moons of Pluto

The moons of Pluto are moons which orbit the dwarf planet Pluto. There are five moons orbiting the dwarf planet in total. The first one discovered was Charon which is near one quarter the size of Pluto. Charon was also sometimes considered a double dwarf planet. The second was Nix, the third was Hydra, the fourth moon was Kerberos, and the fifth moon to be discovered was Styx.

The first and largest moon discovered orbiting around Pluto was Charon, Charon was discovered on June 22 1978 by James Christy. In May 2005, the Hubble Space Telescope discovered two smaller moons which were named Nix and Hydra. Two even smaller moons named Kerberos and Styx were discovered in 2011 and 2012. 

Herbarium

In botany, an herbarium is the building where the specimens are stored, or the scientific institute that not only stores but researches these specimens. A dried plant mounted on a sheet also is an herbarium.
In scientific literature herbaria are recognized by acronyms,
for example NY specimens are kept in New York Botanical garden.



Slash fiction

Slash fiction is fiction, especially fanfiction, that is about homosexual couples. Usually "slash" refers to male/male couples. The word "FemSlash" is used to describe female/female couples. To this day, most slash is written by females for females to read.

The word is believed to have first been used with Kirk/Spock pairings in fan stories. These stories began being written in the late 1970's.

Slash fiction does not need explicit sexual encounters to be considered slash. The homosexual activity could be just holding hands or kissing.

In Japanese manga, slash stories are called "yaoi". This is only used to describe male/male relationships. "Yuri" is used to describe female/female relationships, much the same as the word "FemSlash" is used.


Big Brother (British series 9)

Big Brother UK 2008 was the 9th series of "Big Brother", a television programme. New rules were put in place since the last series and this one was called "Zero Tolerance" (meaning that no bad behaviour was accepted). Sixteen housemates entered the house on the first day, and five more housemates entered the house as the days went by. After ninety-three days inside the Big Brother House, Rachel Rice was voted the winner of the show, and took home £100,000.











Glory (religion)

Glory (from the Latin "gloria", meaning "fame" or "renown") is a word used to show the highness of God, in the Judeo-Christian religions.


Groin

The groin is the hollow or fold where the leg meets the torso of the human body.

Bart Starr

Bryan Bartlett Starr (January 9, 1934 in Montgomery, Alabama – May 26, 2019) was a former American football player and coach for the National Football League. He was the quarterback for the Green Bay Packers (1956-1971) and the MVP of the first two Super Bowls. He went to the Pro Bowl four times. He was added to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1977.

Starr died May 26, 2019 in Birmingham, Alabama after failing health because of a stroke.


Tom Coughlin

Thomas Richard Coughlin (born August 31, 1946 in Waterloo, New York) is the head coach for the New York Giants, the 2007 National Football League (NFL) Super Bowl Champions. He was the coach at Boston College before moving to the NFL. 


Fenway Park

Fenway Park is a baseball stadium in Boston, Massachusetts. It is the home stadium of the Boston Red Sox. The park opened in 1912. It is the oldest of all current Major League Baseball parks.

The ballpark has also been the home field of several football teams. Some Boston college teams have played there. The New England Patriots also played there in their early years.

The name Fenway Park comes from the stadium being in the Fenway district of Boston. One of its well-known features is the Green Monster, a tall wall in left field. Seats were added to the Green monster in 2003.

The Major League Baseball All-Star Games in 1946, 1961, and 1999 were played at Fenway. Nine World Series games have been played there.


Medial collateral ligament

The medial collateral ligament (often known as the tibial collateral ligament, or abbreviated to MCL) is one of the four major ligaments of the knee.


Green Monster (Fenway Park)

The Green Monster (often known simply as The Monster) is the nickname of the green, 37-foot, two-inch (11.3 m) left field wall at Fenway Park baseball park, where the Boston Red Sox play home games. Seats were added on top of the Green Monster just in time for the 2003 MLB season.

Josh McCown

Joshua Treadwell McCown (born July 4, 1979 in Jacksonville, Texas) is an American football quarterback for the New York Jets of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Sam Houston State. McCown was named Player of the Week during his time with the Hartford Colonials of the United Football League in 2010.


Injured reserve list

The injured reserve list is a list of players who are injured and can not play for a period of time. It is mostly used in the National Hockey League and National Football League. In baseball, a similar list called the disabled list is used. 

Amendment

An amendment is a formal or official change made to a law, contract, constitution, or other legal document. It is based on the verb to amend, which means to change. Amendments can add, remove, or update parts of these agreements. They are often used when it is better to change the document than to write a new one.

Contracts are often amended when the market changes. For example, a contract to deliver something to a customer once a month can be amended if the customer wants it delivered once a week. Usually, everyone involved in the contract must agree to the amendment before it goes into effect. Most contracts are written with rules about amendments, like if they are allowed, who must agree to them, and when they go into effect. 

Constitutions are often amended when people change their minds about what the government should do. Some of the most famous constitutional amendments are the First Amendment to the United States Constitution which added the freedom of speech, religion, press, and protest, and the Third Amendment to the Constitution of Ireland, which let Ireland join the European Union. Constitutional amendments usually must be approved by both the parliament or legislature and a referendum - a vote by all citizens in a country.

In parliamentary procedure, the way that many meetings are run, an amendment is a type of motion - a proposal or formal suggestion to do something. Amendments can remove words, add words, or change words from motions. Usually, any motion can be amended, even other amendments. However, an amendment to an amendment of an amendment is often not allowed.

Matt Leinart

Matthew Stephen Leinart (born May 11, 1983 in Santa Ana, California) is an American football quarterback for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League. He played college football for the University of Southern California Trojans. In 2004, his junior year at USC, he won the Heisman Trophy. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in 2006. The Cardinals released him in 2010, and he was signed by the Houston Texans. He joined the Raiders for the 2012 season.





Puzzle video game

A puzzle video game is a type of video game that focuses on puzzle solving. They test things such as strategy, logic, and problem solving. 

Examples include: Minesweeper, Portal, Wordle and Tetris

Patricia Heaton

Patricia Helen Heaton (born March 4, 1958 in Bay Village, Ohio) is an American actress best known for playing lead character and Ray Barone's wife Debra Barone on the CBS television sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond". She currently stars as Frankie Heck on the ABC sitcom "The Middle".

She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on May 22, 2012.

Patricia Heaton was born in Bay Village, Ohio, the daughter of Patricia (née Hurd) and Chuck Heaton, who was a sportswriter for "The Plain Dealer." Heaton's mother died of an aneurysm when the actress was 12. The fourth of five children, Heaton was raised as a devout Catholic.

Heaton has three sisters, Sharon, Alice, and Frances, and one brother, Michael, who is the "Minister of Culture" columnist for "The Plain Dealer" and a writer for the paper's Friday Magazine.

Heaton has been married to British actor David Hunt since 1990. They have four sons and they divide their time between Los Angeles and Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England. Her memoir, "Motherhood and Hollywood: How to Get a Job Like Mine", was published by Villard Books in 2002.

Hunt is Heaton's second husband. After her divorce from her first husband, she went through a self-described "Protestant wilderness". Since June 2017, Heaton's first marriage has been annulled by the Catholic Church and has since returned as an observant of Catholicism.

Heaton has been open about having plastic surgery; citing having a tummy-tuck and a breast reduction after undergoing four Caesarean sections.

Heaton won two Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series Emmy Awards for her work in "Everybody Loves Raymond":

She has been nominated for five others for the same series:

Mike Sweeney

Michael John Sweeney (born July 22, 1973 in Orange, California) is a retired first baseman and designated hitter in Major League Baseball. He played for the Kansas City Royals, Oakland Athletics, Seattle Mariners and the Philadelphia Phillies. Sweeny retired in 2011.


Jim Caviezel

James Patrick Caviezel, Jr. (; born September 26, 1968) is an American movie actor. He is sometimes called Jim Caviezel. He is probably best known for playing the part of Jesus Christ in the 2004 movie "The Passion of the Christ".


Human cloning

Human cloning is the creation of a human being, human cell, or human tissue taken from another human. This method is used to make an exact copy of a human.

It has two types:


Jeff Suppan

Jeffrey Scot Suppan (; born January 2, 1975, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma), is a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers.


Tomato sauce

Tomato sauce is the name for a sauce that is mainly made from tomatoes. It is usually part of a dish, but it can also be the base for other condiments.

It is used for dishes such as "pasta al pomodoro but it can also be used for sauces like arrabiata sauce (which is a spicy tomato sauce)."


Donation

A donation is a gift usually given for charitable reasons. It could be money, food, toys, clothing, or something else that is needed. Usually, when someone gives a donation they do not expect to get anything in return.



Shake It (Metro Station song)

Shake It is a 2008 song by Metro Station. It is from their album Metro Station. The song video was released in 2008.

Constant Lievens

Constant Lievens (April 11, 1856, in Moorslede, Belgium – November 7, 1893, in Leuven, Belgium) is a Belgian (Flemish) Jesuit priest, missionary among the tribal peoples of India. He is regarded as the apostle of the Chotanagpur (Jharkhand and Chattisgarh states in central India).

Precambrian

Pre-cambrian (or Precambrian) is a term used to describe the eons before the Cambrian. It lasted from about 4.567 billion years BC to about 542 million years BC. It starts with the beginning of the Earth, about 4.567 billion years BC. When it ends, there were many hard-shelled animals around. It is named after the Roman name for Cymru / Wales, because rocks thought to be from this time were first studied there.

The supereon is subdivided into 3 eons, the Hadean (4.5 to 4 billion years BC), the Archaean (4 to 2.5 billion years BC) and the Proterozoic (from 2.5 billion years to 542 million years BC).

The immediate Precambrian period is the Ediacaran.

Presidents' Trophy

The Presidents' Trophy is an award presented by the National Hockey League (NHL) to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season. If two teams tie for the most points, then the trophy goes to the team with the most wins. The winning team is also awarded $350,000 in cash bonuses. The Presidents' Trophy has been awarded 27 times to 15 different teams since first being awarded in 1985. The most recent winner is the Tampa Bay Lightning for the NHL season.

The trophy was introduced at the start of the 1985–86 NHL season by the league's Board of Governors. Before the 1985–86 NHL season, the best team in the league during the regular season was allowed to hang a banner stating "NHL League Champions". The winning team is also awarded 350,000 Canadian dollars, to be shared between the team and its players. The Presidents' Trophy winner is guaranteed home-ice advantage in all four rounds of the Stanley Cup playoffs, provided the team goes that far, so it remains the most likely position to produce the cup winner.

From 1937 to 1968, the same rules now used for winning the Presidents' Trophy were used to award the Prince of Wales Trophy. With the Modern Era expansion in the 1967–68 season and the start of the West Division, the Wales Trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the East Division during the regular season. However, no trophy was awarded to the team that finished with the best overall record in the league during this period, and no trophy at all was awarded from the 1981–82 season through the 1984–85 season; the Wales and Campbell trophies were transferred to the playoff champions of those conferences in 1981–82. A cash bonus was given to each player on the team with the league's best regular-season record during these years, to which the Presidents' Trophy was added in 1985–86.

The only teams to have won the Presidents' Trophy more than twice are the Detroit Red Wings with six and the Washington Capitals with three. However, the Montreal Canadiens have finished first overall 21 times, the most times in league history, although they have yet to win the Presidents' Trophy. Detroit is second with 18 first-overall finishes.

Bold Team with the most points ever accumulated in a season during the trophy's existence.




Prince of Wales Trophy

The Prince of Wales Trophy, or simply the Wales Trophy, is a National Hockey League (NHL) trophy awarded to the Eastern Conference (formerly the Wales Conference) playoff champions. The trophy is awarded prior to the final series which are the championship games to decide the winner for the Stanley Cup against the Western Conference's champions. The trophy was first established in the 1923-24 NHL season, for the champion of the NHL playoffs, but it has been the trophy for eight different accomplishments, which also include being the NHL regular season champions, American Division regular season champions, regular season champions, East Division regular season champions, Wales Conference regular season champions, Wales Conference playoffs champions, and Eastern Conference playoffs champions. The current holder of the Prince of Wales Trophy is the Tampa Bay Lightning after defeating the New York Rangers in the 2015 Eastern Conference finals.

The Prince of Wales Trophy was donated by His Royal Highness, the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VIII and the Duke of Windsor), in 1924. It was first presented to the playoff champion of the NHL (replacing the O'Brien Trophy) who then went on to face the Western Hockey League (WHL) champion for the Stanley Cup.

After the WHL folded and the Stanley Cup was awarded only to the NHL playoff champion, the Prince of Wales Trophy was awarded to the regular season champion. From 1927 to 1928 onwards it was awarded to the champion of the NHL American Division while the O'Brien Trophy was awarded to the NHL Canadian Division. It was then repurposed to being the trophy for the overall regular season champion in the 1938-39 NHL season when the NHL reverted to a single division.

With the Modern Era expansion in the 1967–68 season and the creation of the West Division, the Wales Trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the East Division during the regular season. When the league formed two conferences in the season of 1974–75, the award was transferred to the team that finished with the best regular-season record in the Wales Conference. Starting with the 1981–82 campaign, when the league changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference, the trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions, and since the 1993–94 season, the Eastern Conference playoff champions have won the award.

Once awarded, the deputy commissioner, currently Bill Daly, would present the trophy to the winning team's captain. However, a traditional superstition that is prevalent among many of today's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Wales Trophy (or the Western Conference's trophy, the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl) when they have won the conference playoffs as the Eastern Conference champions. Players feel that the Stanley Cup is the only true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that should be hoisted.



The Canadiens were league champions for these seasons.

"Refers to the original Ottawa Senators NHL franchise (1917–1934)."


Prince of Wales (disambiguation)

Prince of Wales is the title traditionally given to the heir apparent to the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom. It originated as the title of current princes of Wales in the 12th and 13th centuries.

The name Prince of Wales may also refer to:






Caorle

Caorle is a small city on the coast of the Veneto region in northeast Italy. There are several churches that are popular to visit.

Pet Sounds

Pet Sounds is the 11th studio album by the American band the Beach Boys. It was released in 1966. The album was very popular for its complex but catchy pop songs and technical recording style.

The leader of the band, Brian Wilson used a system of recording songs that was a little different than the system they had used before. Much of the album was recorded by Wilson himself using professional studio musicians. - people who are hired to play songs for an album. In the recording, stringed and wind instruments were used. They also used instruments that were very unusual for rock music. These included vibraphones, harps, French horns, harpsichords, electro-theremins. Also, things like bicycle whistles, and Coca Cola cans with stones inside of them were used. The lyrics of the songs were more serious. They talked about the problems, disappointments and sadness of a young man. Because all the songs had a similar mood and themes, it is considered to be a concept album.

After the album was released, "Pet Sounds" did not sell very well. Wilson felt this was a failure but music critics loved it. The album got real recognition in 1990s-2000s, when many music magazines listed it in their lists of the best albums in popular music.

Wilson decided to make another album in the same way. The new album, he called "Smile".

Smile (Beach Boys album)

Smile is an unfinished album by the Beach Boys. Their leader Brian Wilson wanted the album to be the follow-up to the album "Pet Sounds". It was never finished because Wilson thought the public would not like it.

Later in 1967, the Beach Boys released another album called "Smiley Smile". The album had songs that were written for "Smile". "Smiley Smile" was not the great success that Wilson thought "Smile" would have been. The Beach Boys lost many fans because of the album's failure.

In 2004, Brian finished a version of "Smile".

Colleges and universities in Florida

This is a list of private and public colleges and universities in the state of Florida:




Greek salad

Greek salad (Greek: "χωριάτικη σαλάτα", ), is a dish from Mediterranean and Greek cuisine. It is commonly served as a part of a traditional Greek meal. It is one of the most popular salads in Greece, Turkey and Cyprus. This is because it is light, refreshing and easy to make. It is especially popular during the summer months. True Greek salad is essentially a tomato salad made of sliced or chopped tomatoes with a few slices of cucumber, and red onion. It is usually seasoned with salt, black pepper, and oregano and dressed with olive oil. Common additions include feta cheese, bell peppers, capers, anchovies, sardines and kalamata olives. Lettuce orvinegar are not used in a Greek salad. 

A lettuce salad (called μαρούλι, "lettuce") is a different salad. It is also popular, especially in the autumn and spring. It is made of finely sliced lettuce, scallions, and fresh dill, and dressed with salt, black pepper, olive oil and red wine vinegar or lemon juice.

In North America, Australia, South Africa and the United Kingdom, "Greek salad" has a different meaning: It is a lettuce salad, with Greek Mediterranean-inspired ingredients. The dressing is usually vinegar and oil. Lettuce, tomatoes, feta, and olives are the most standard elements in an American "Greek" salad, but cucumbers, bell peppers, onions, radishes, dolmas, anchovies/sardines and pickled hot peppers are common. In the Detroit, Michigan area, for example, a "Greek salad" also includes beets. Rather than simple olive oil and vinegar, as in a μαρούλι - lettuce salad, prepared dressings containing various herbs and seasonings are frequently used. This style of "Greek salad" is rarely encountered in Greece except in the homes of American Greeks or restaurants that cater to tourists. In these countries, the true Greek salad, when encountered, may be called by the Greek term horiatiki—pronounced [hɔːriː'ætɪkiː]—or by such terms as "country salad", "peasant salad", or "village salad", to avoid confusion. 

Greek salad is also found in other European countries for example Germany (where it is often called "Bauernsalat", literally "farmers' salad"), France (salade à la Grecque), Hungary (görög saláta) and Spain (ensalada griega).

Various other salads have also been called "Greek" in the English language in the last century. Some of them have a very old connection to Greek cuisine. For example, one 1938 American recipe called for a mayonnaise-dressed lettuce salad with shredded cabbage, carrots, and diced smoked herring (rega/renga).

The salads of Greek cuisine are wide and varied. Each region of Greece has or has had a salad specific to the village or area. The most common, described above, start most meals today in Greece at home or when dining out. Others include:

Some spreads and dips found in the meze of Greek cuisine are also affectionately called 'salad' in Greek. Melitzanosalata (Greek: μελιτζανοσαλάτα), is an eggplant 'puree' that includes olive oil, red wine vinegar, flat-leaf parsley and garlic (with regional variations). Taramosalata (Greek: ταραμοσαλάτα) is fish roe mixed with lemon juice, onions, and olive oil, and breadcrumbs or mashed potato.

Homo habilis

Homo habilis (Latin: "handy man") is one of the early ancestors of modern man who used primitive stone tools. Their remains have been found in the Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania. They are believed to be about 2 million years old. The flat face and large molars of the "Homo habilis" resemble the Australopithecus lineage. The brain size of the "Homo habilis" is about 700 cc (larger than the Australopithecus). An "apelike" (long arms and a small body) body structure was characteristic of the "Homo habilis". They are believed to have been about 1.3 metres tall, and weigh about 37 kilograms. There is still a lot of argument between scientists about the species. They can not all agree on the characteristics, or whether it is even a separate species at all.


Avogadro constant

The Avogadro constant (symbols: L, N) is the number of particles (usually atoms or molecules) in one mole of a given substance. Its value is equal to . The constant was named after the Italian scientist Amedeo Avogadro.

The measurement of Avogadro's constant was refined in 2011 to ± .

An old term closely related to the Avogadro constant is Avogadro's number. Avogadro's number is the number of atoms in 12 grams of the carbon isotope carbon-12. Avogadro's number is a dimensionless quantity and has the numerical value of the Avogadro constant given in base units.


Books of Kings

The Books of Kings are a set of books in the Old Testament. Both Judaism and Christianity see it as a part of the Bible. The Books of Kings describes the history of Israel's kings from the end of the rule of David until the time of the Babylonian exile (so it writes about a time of about 450 years). After a long description of Solomon's rule, 1 and 2 Kings writes of how the kingdom of Israel was divided and then shows how the Kingdom of Israel and the Kingdom of Judah developed.

1 and 2 Kings, like 1 and 2 Samuel and 1 and 2 Books of Chronicles are actually one book. It was simply called "Kings." However, it was divided into two books by the translators of the Septuagint (the Greek translation of the Old Testament), and so it was written as 1 and 2 Kings by the Latin translation and many other versions.

The division between 1 and 2 Kings was made after the death of Ahab in the northern kingdom (22:37) and Jehoshaphat in the southern kingdom (22:50).

It is not known for sure who is the author (writer) of 1,2 Kings. Jewish tradition says that Jeremiah wrote 1 and 2 Kings, but people do not usually think so today. Whoever the author was, he knew the book of Deuteronomy, like many of Israel's prophets. He also used lots of sources, like "the books of the annals of Solomon" (11:41, NIV), "the book of the annals of the kings of Israel" (14:19 NIV), and "the book of the annals of the kings of Judah" (14:29 NIV)". Probably other sources were used, like those inside Chronicles).

1 and 2 Kings give lots of chronological information. The length of time each king rules is given, and often other information is given, such as the age of the ruler at the time of becoming king and whether they were a good ruler.

By putting in Biblical data with those given from Assyrian chronological records, the year 853 B.C. is probable as the year of Ahab's death, and the year 841 as the year Jehu began to reign. So, it can be known that the division of the kingdom happened in 930 B.C., and that Samaria was defeated by the Assyrians in 722 BC, and that Jerusalem fell to the Babylonians in 586 BC.

The information about the connection between the reigns of the kings of Israel and Judah have some problems, which have, for a long time, been wondered about. Recently, though, most of these problems have been solved by recognizing things like possibilities of reigns that overlap, sons ruling "with" their fathers, differences in the time of the year in which the rule of a king officially began, and differences in the way a king's first year was seen.

1 and 2 Kings do not exactly say its purpose or theme, but it is most probable that the author wanted to write his material as a sequel, the next book after the books of Samuel: a history about the kings by covenant.

The writer was not trying to show a social, or political, or economical history of Israel's kings like most histories today. He writes about Omri, who was a very powerful king and an important political person, in only six verses (16:23-28), simply saying that he "did evil in the eyes of the Lord" (16:25, NIV). Also, Jeroboam the second, who was king over northern Israel when it was most powerful, is written about very shortly (2 Kings 14:23-29).

He also writes nothing about the first years of Josiah king of Judah, but says a long description of how they begin again to keep the covenant in his 18th year as king (2 Kings 22:3-23:28). 

The kings who are most written about in the books of Kings are the kings who either kept the covenant well, broke it very badly, or had an important encounter with one of God's prophets. Ahab son of Omri and Manasseh broke the covenant so that it was dangerous to Israel, so the author wrote a lot about them both; Hezekiah (2 Kings 18:1-20:21) and Josiah (2 Kings 22:1 - 23:29) are written a lot about because they tried to remind the people of their covenant promises. They are the only two kings who the writer is really happy with for their loyalty to the Lord.

Another important part of 1 and 2 Kings is that the writer shows the relationship between prophecy and how it comes true in history. At least 11 prophecies are written to be true. The writer also shows the importance of the prophets as messengers from God to tell the kings and people of Israel to come back to God. Usually, nobody listened to their warnings (for example, Ahijah, Shemaiah, Micaiah, Jonah, Isaiah, Huldah), but the writer writes very much about the prophets Elijah and Elisha. A well known story is that of Elijah on Mount Carmel, when he calls upon God and a miracle occurs, thereby showing that the God of Israel to be the one true God. Shortly before the miracle another tribe had called upon their false gods, which leads to no miracle occurring.

Under My Skin

Under My Skin is a 2004 album by Avril Lavigne. "Under My Skin" debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200 albums chart and according to "Billboard" magazine, was ranked number 149 on the list of top-selling album of the 2000s.




World Music Award

The World Music Awards is an international awards show that honors recording artists every year. The awards are given out based on artists' worldwide sales figures, which are provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). The World Music Awards was founded in 1989. John Martinotti is an executive producer and co-founder of the show.

The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie

The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a 2004 movie based on Nickelodeon's "SpongeBob SquarePants" television series. It was co-written, co-produced, and directed by series creator Stephen Hillenburg. David Hasselhoff appears as himself. 

In Bikini Botton, SpongeBob SquarePants is angry that he is not manager of the new Krusty Krab 2 (next to the old Krusty Krab). Mr. Krabs, his boss, thinks he is too childish to be manager. This causes Spongebob to go on a drunken binge at the Goofy Goober's Ice Cream Party Boat restaurant along with his friend Patrick. They both experienced a hangover the next day and SpongeBob lashes out at Mr. Krabs for not giving him the manager position. Meanwhile, Plankton steals King Neptune's crown and makes it look like Mr. Krabs did it. In response, King Neptune freezes Mr. Krabs. SpongeBob arrives and promises to find Neptune's crown in six days. Plankton then steals the Krabby Patty formula from the frozen Mr. Krabs. SpongeBob and Patrick set off in the Patty Wagon toward Shell City. 

After Plankton learns that SpongeBob and Patrick are seeking King Neptune's crown, he hires Dennis to follow and kill them. He also controls the people of Bikini Bottom with his mind-controlling buckets to prevent anyone finding out who actually stole the crown. SpongeBob and Patrick lose the Patty Wagon in a trench and almost give up. Neptune's daughter, Mindy, encourages them by giving them seaweed mustaches. SpongeBob and Patrick meet Dennis, who tells them the mustaches are fake and tries to crush them with his boot. Instead, Dennis gets crushed by a larger boot of a "Cyclops" (actually a man in an old diving suit). 

The Cyclops kidnaps them and brings them to a store, where sea creatures get dried and sold. SpongeBob and Patrick learn that the store is Shell City. They find the crown but dry out and die from the heat of the Cyclops' heat lamp. Their tears short circuit the lamp and activate the sprinkler system. They come back to life with the other sea creatures. SpongeBob and Patrick run away with the crown while the sea creatures fight the Cyclops. They arrive just in time as Neptune prepares to kill Mr. Krabs. Plankton controls Neptune and surrounds Mindy, Patrick, and SpongeBob. SpongeBob frees Neptune and the people of Bikini Bottom. Plankton gets arrested, and King Neptune unfreezes Mr. Krabs. SpongeBob becomes manager of the Krusty Krab 2.


On February 28, 2012, a sequel to "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie" was announced. It started showing in theaters on February 13, 2015.


Montecito, California

Montecito is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Barbara County, California. As of the 2020 census, the CDP population was 8,638. Montecito is among the richest communities in the United States and is home to many celebrities. It is east of, and directly adjacent to the city of Santa Barbara, occupying the eastern portion of the coastal plain south of the Santa Ynez Mountains. Portions of the town are built on the lower foothills of the range. Notable roads spanning the length of Montecito include Mountain Drive, Sycamore Canyon Road, and East Valley Road.

Goo Goo Dolls

The Goo Goo Dolls are a rock band formed in 1986 in Buffalo, New York by John Rzeznik and Robby Takac. "Iris" is one of their most popular songs.

Goo Goo Dolls' influences include Cheap Trick, The Plimsouls, The Lemonheads, Dinosaur Jr., Neil Young, Soul Asylum, The Beatles, Tom Petty, Ramones, The Replacements, Black Flag, Hüsker Dü, R.E.M., Superchunk and The Nils.

Radio Disney

Radio Disney was an American radio network based in Dallas, Texas, in the United States broadcasting music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers. It is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company. They closed in 2021.


Losing Grip

"Losing Grip" is a 2003 single by Avril Lavigne. It is the fourth single from her first studio album "Let Go".

On the "Billboard" charts, "Losing Grip" peaked at #17 on the Mainstream Top 40, #33 on the Adult Top 40, and at #64 on the Hot 100 charts. At the 2004 Grammy Awards, "Losing Grip" was nominated for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance.

Books of the Bible

The Books of the Bible are the different sections of the Bible. Each book has a different name. Most of the time the book is named after the person who maybe wrote the book. That is not always the case. Different religions, and different denominations of Christianity, have different books or sections in the Bible. These different groups accept different books. These groups also use different names for the same books. The stories in the "Books of the Bible" are very similar for all religious groups. Some people use a trick and ideas to memorize the Bible. 

Below, there is a list or table that compares the Books of the Bible in Judaism and in the Catholic, Protestant, Greek Orthodox, Slavonic Orthodox, Georgian, Armenian Apostolic, Syriac, and Ethiopian Churches. The table covers both the Old Testament and the New Testament. For a detailed discussion of the differences, see "Biblical canon".

The Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, and Eastern Catholic churches have small differences in the lists of books that they accept. If at least one Eastern church accepts a book, then that book is listed in this table. The Eastern churches accept all of the books that the Roman Catholic Church accepts.

If a table cell has an asterisk (*), it means that a book is used, but in a different order. Empty cells mean that the book is not used. These books are often called "apocrypha". This word is sometimes used specifically (and possibly negatively) to describe the books in the Catholic and Orthodox canon that are not in the Protestant Bible. Orthodox and Catholic Christians call these books "deuterocanonical", which means second canon.

Most Christian groups agree about the New Testament canon (the list of books in the New Testament) but some groups put books in a different order (place). 
The Ethiopian Orthodox Church has a few other books in its canon (list of books): Jubilees, Book of Enoch, and The Rest of the Words of Baruch (4 Baruch).

The Peshitta does not have 2-3 John, 2 Peter, Jude, and Revelation, but Bibles of the modern Syriac Orthodox Church do have later translations of those books. They also have the Letter of Baruch (Baruch, is called a deuterocanonical book of the Bible). Today the Syrian Orthodox Church only uses lessons from the twenty-two books of Peshitta in its official lectionary (list of Church readings). 

Third Epistle to the Corinthians was once part of the Armenian Orthodox Bible, but it is not in modern editions (printed versions).

The Anglican Church accepts the same order of books as the Vulgate (Catholic 16th Century) Bible. The 39 Articles (an Anglican list of doctrines or important beliefs) says that these Books of the Bible are Apocrypha:


Return links: Tanakh or Old Testament – New Testament


Bambi's Children

Bambi's Children, The Story of a Forest Family () is a book written by Felix Salten, first printed and translated from German to English in 1939. It is a sequel to Salten's book "Bambi, A Life in the Woods". It was first published in German only in the following year.

The main characters are Bambi's twin fawns, Geno, male, and Gurri, female; it also stars their friends, another pair of fawns named Lana and Boso. Lana and Boso are the children of Aunt Rolla, a doe met later in the course of the novel. Two more new characters are introduced—Nello and Membo, the orphans. The overall storyline is how Geno and Gurri learn the pleasures as well as downsides of nature and their forest home. "Bambi, A Life in the Woods", the original story of Bambi, is much darker than the sequel. Unlike its predecessor, "Bambi's Children" ends when Geno begins to grow his antlers, whereas "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" continues until Bambi's children are born. In the end, Faline, knowing the time is right, sends off her children to live their own lives.

What may be interesting to readers is that it is not possible to determine whether "Bambi's Children" is a sequel to the book "Bambi" or a midquel as there are no references to the former which makes one able to place the latter. The language of "Bambi's Children" is more gentle than that of "Bambi, A Life in the Woods".

Book of Common Prayer

The Book of Common Prayer is an old Anglican prayer book.

The book was first published in 1549 during the reign of Edward VI of England. It was the first prayer book to contain the forms of service for daily and Sunday worship in English and to do so within a single volume.

9X Generation

Thế hệ 9X (The 9X Generation) is the group of people born between the years 1990 and 1999. This is a Vietnamese term.

Littlest Pet Shop (video game)

Littlest Pet Shop is an video game that was made by Electronic Arts. It is part of the Littlest Pet Shop series. The video game was released on the PC, Wii, and Nintendo DS. The game was released on October 14, 2008 in North America.

In August 2007, Electronic Arts gained the rights to some Hasbro brands, like "Monopoly", "Littlest Pet Shop", and Nerf. In February, EA Casual Entertainment announced that their EA Salt Lake Studio would develop and release "Littlest Pet Shop" and "Nerf N-Strike".

The Nintendo DS was 3 separate titles. Each version had different pets. It also featured DGamer, the online service from Disney.


Unforgiven (2008)

Unforgiven (2008) was the eleventh Unforgiven professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on September 7, 2008 at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio and used talent from the Raw, SmackDown!, and ECW brands.




WWE Unforgiven

WWE Unforgiven is a professional wrestling pay-per-view. It now happens every year in September. The event was put on by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The event was exclusive to the Raw brand from 2003 to 2006. The first event was an In Your House pay-per-view event. It took place on April 26, 1998. It featured the first Inferno match. The combatants were The Undertaker and his brother (kayfabe) Kane. The event was succeeded by WWE Breaking Point.


Fill (music)

A fill in popular music is a short instrumental passage, between melody lines of a song. (A longer passage between verses is called a solo.)

Fills are usually played with a keyboard instrument or a guitar, but other instruments (such as a saxophone) may also be used. Drum fills are sometimes called "drum rolls", but a roll is actually a steady beat on a single drum, while a fill may use more than one drum or beat.

Montevideo Convention

The Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States is a treaty. Today, it is part of customary international law. The treaty was signed at Montevideo, Uruguay, on December 26, 1933, at the Seventh International Conference of American States. At this conference, United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Secretary of State Cordell Hull declared the so-called Good Neighbor Policy which opposed U.S. armed intervention in inter-American affairs. Franklin D. Roosevelt tried to reverse the perception of "Yankee imperialism" with this treaty. The view of Yankee imperialism was brought about by policies instituted (largely) by his predecessor, President Herbert Hoover. The convention was signed by 19 states, three with reservations (Brazil, Peru and the United States).

The convention is about what a state is and what rights and duties a state has. The most well-known is article 1, which sets out the four criteria for statehood that have sometimes been recognized as an accurate statement of customary international law:

The first sentence of article 3 states explicitly that "The political existence of the state is independent of recognition by the other states." This is known as the declarative theory of statehood.

Some have questioned whether these criteria are enough, as they allow less-recognized entities like the Republic of China (Taiwan) or under- or unrepresented entities like the Principality of Sealand, Somaliland or Liberland to claim full status as states. According to the alternative constitutive theory of statehood, a state exists only insofar as it is recognized by other states. It should not be confused with the Estrada doctrine.

Some people have attempted make the definition of statehood broader, although they have less support. Founders of non-territorial micronations often say that the requirement in the Montevideo Convention of a defined territory is unjust. Some non-territorial entities, notably the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, are considered subjects of international law, but they do not aspire to be states.

The states that signed this agreement are: Honduras, United States of America, El Salvador, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Argentina, Venezuela, Uruguay, Paraguay, Mexico, Panama, Guatemala, Brazil, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Colombia, Chile, Peru, Cuba. The Montevideo Convention only codified existing norms, there is nothing "new" in the convention. For this reason, it does not only apply to those who signed it, but to all subjects of international law.

The European Union, in the principal statement of its Badinter Committee, follows the Montevideo Convention in its definition of a state as having a territory, a population, and a political authority. The committee also found that the existence of states was a question of fact, while the recognition by other states was purely declaratory and not a determinative factor of statehood.

Switzerland, although not a member of the European Union, adheres to the same principle, stating that "neither a political unit needs to be recognized to become a state, nor does a state have the obligation to recognize another one. At the same time, neither recognition is enough to create a state, nor does its absence abolish it."


Gig

A gig is a word that bands use when talking about their live shows. The "Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians" defines a gig as "A term commonly applied to a musical engagement of one night’s duration only; to undertake such an engagement."

Folly

In architecture, a folly is a building usually constructed strictly for aesthetic pleasure. Originally, buildings were made to provide shelter or to house people. Follies are just decoration; they no longer have a building's original function.
They were first constructed to put accents into parks and estates. "Folly" is used in the sense of fun or light-heartedness, not in the sense of something ill-advised.

In general, follies have the following properties:


In England, these structures are also called "eye-catchers". This points to their basically decorative nature.

Follies fall within the general realm of fanciful and impractical architecture, and whether a particular structure is a folly is sometimes a matter of opinion. However, there are several types which are related but which can be distinguished from follies.


Follies began as decorative accents on the great estates of the late 16th and early 17th centuries but they flourished especially in the two centuries which followed. Many estates were blessed with picturesque ruins of monastic houses and (in Italy) Roman villas; others, lacking such buildings, constructed their own sham versions of these romantic structures. Such structures were often dubbed "[name of architect or builder]'s Folly", after the single individual who commissioned or designed the project. However, very few follies are completely without a practical purpose. Apart from their decorative aspect, many originally had a use which was lost later, such as hunting towers. Follies are misunderstood structures, according to The Folly Fellowship, a charity that exists to celebrate the history and splendour of these often neglected buildings.

Follies are often found in parks or large grounds of houses and stately homes. Some were deliberately built to look partially ruined. They were especially popular from the end of the 16th century to the 18th century. Theme parks and world's fairs have often contained "follies", although such structures do serve a purpose of attracting people to those parks and fairs.

The Irish Potato Famine of 1845-49 led to the building of several follies. The society of the day held that laissez faire, not a welfare state, was the appropriate form of civil management. The concept of a welfare state was a century away, and at that time reward without labour, even to those in need, was seen as misguided. However, to hire the needy for work on useful projects would deprive existing workers of their jobs. Thus, construction projects termed "famine follies" came to be built. These include: roads in the middle of nowhere, between two seemingly random points; screen and estate walls; piers in the middle of bogs; etc.

Follies can be found worldwide, but there seem to be many in Great Britain.













Littlest Pet Shop

Littlest Pet Shop are a line of toys sold by Hasbro. They are marketed for girls. The toys were first sold in 1992. They were sold for four years before Hasbro stopped selling them. In 2005, the company started selling them again. Since 2005, over 60 million of the toys have been sold at about $4 each. The "Littlest Pet Shop" toys are one of the main types of toys sold by Hasbro.

Each toy is a one inch statue of an animal. Most of these animals are commonly found in pet stores. For example, puppies, kittens, turtles and hamsters. They also sell other types of animal toys, for example horses, penguins and even skunks. There are many different types of each animal. The company has made more than 300 different versions of the animals. It changes the ones it sells every few months.

A Littlest Pet shop (also LPS) is a little toy. There are cats, dogs, birds, pigs, mice, and also snails. There are also playsets. Here are some playsets. Jungle playplace: comes with a steak, a tiger, playhouse, and a monkey.

The company has a website that can be used by people who buy the toys. This website lets the user create pets and play games. In 1995, an animated television series was made based on the toys. In 2012, another show was made that aired on Sprout.

At E3 in July 2008, Electronic Arts said it was making a video game based on "Littlest Pet Shop". The game is for the Nintendo DS, Wii, and the PC. It was released on October 14, 2008.


Bambi (disambiguation)

Bambi can mean:



People:

Fictional people:

Other:

Pete Seeger

Pete Seeger (Peter Seeger; May 3, 1919 – January 27, 2014) was an American folk musician and songwriter. He was a longtime friend of Woody Guthrie, and founder of The Almanac Singers and The Weavers, two famous folk bands. Seeger's usual musical instrument is a banjo.

Seeger was born Peter Seeger on May 3, 1919 in Manhattan, New York City. His parents were Protestants. His parents enrolled him at Avon Old Farms Boarding School in Avon, Connecticut. Seeger studied for a short while at Harvard University. He soon dropped out. In 1943, Seeger married his wife Toshi Aline.

He organized or played at many benefit concerts, to help people who had been hurt by bad business practices or governmental policies, or sometimes by disasters. He also wrote songs to promote the things he believed in, and to protest things he opposed.

Seeger was a leftist, not afraid to speak his views openly, or to support unpopular causes such as Communism. Seeger's musical career was sometimes limited by his views. The American Federal Bureau of Investigation kept a dossier on Seeger, and the House Un-American Activities Committee put pressure on him, because of his beliefs. He refused to change his views, or to stop doing what he believed was right. Because of this, Seeger was blacklisted in many places, and could not play music there. He was also not allowed to appear on television for most of the 1950s and 1960s. 

One rare appearance, on the "Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour", was censored because the song he played, "Waist Deep In The Big Muddy", was an allegory against the Vietnam War, which most Americans supported at the time.

Seeger's original songs include "Where Have All The Flowers Gone?", "The Hammer Song" (also called "If I Had A Hammer"), and "Turn, Turn, Turn", whose words were adapted from Ecclesiastes in the Bible. Other musicians played and recorded his songs, including Judy Collins, Peter, Paul and Mary, and The Byrds. Seeger started "Broadside", a magazine devoted to folk music, and also "Sing Out!" to promote music and singing by the public.

As years went by, social trends changed in America, and Seeger's views became more acceptable. He was finally able to make television appearances, and was admired for his dedication to folk music, and to causes. He played music together with Arlo Guthrie, the son of Woody Guthrie, performing Woody's old songs and others. He received awards for his music, including the American National Medal for the Arts, and a Kennedy Center Honor. He was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and even the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, as an influence to rock musicians.

Seeger and Toshi had four children. He was an active as a musician and as a spokesperson for important matters, like the environment, alternative fuels, and people who need a champion to support them. His wife Toshi Seeger died on July 9, 2013. Seeger lived in New York City.
Seeger died in New York City on January 27, 2014, of natural causes, aged 94. His remains were cremated.


Strawberry Fields Forever

"Strawberry Fields Forever" is a song composed by John Lennon, recorded by his band The Beatles in 1966 at Abbey Road Studios, and issued by Parlophone Records and Capitol Records in February 1967, as the to "Penny Lane".

Lennon began work on "Strawberry Fields Forever" while he was in Almería, Spain, during the time he was appearing in a Dick Lester comedy movie, "How I Won the War", which starred Michael Crawford. The lyrics drew on Lennon's memories of Strawberry Field, a Salvation Army home in Liverpool, England, where Lennon went as a boy to with neighborhood friends. "We "always" had fun at Strawberry Fields", he later told Playboy Magazine. They also drew on his feelings of and being different. "No one I think is in my tree, I mean it must be high or low" he explained as not being able to find other people who looked at life the way he did.

Lennon's first demo of "Strawberry Fields Forever" was made with a simple tape recorder, by Lennon himself. He explored different of instruments, with the Beatles and George Martin in the recording studio, as they began for "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". 

One recorded version of the song used a slide guitar. Another used a Mellotron, and was considered a finished work. Lennon wanted to try another arrangement, though, and asked Martin to compose a score for brass instruments, for another session. This was also considered finished.

Lennon could not decide which of the two finished versions of the song was best. He liked how the first one began, but preferred the ending of the second, and asked George Martin if they could be edited together. Martin did not see an easy way to do that, because the key and tempo of each version was different.

It turned out that studio technology made it possible to join the two versions in an effective way. The first version was speeded up on tape, raising its pitch and tempo, and the second slowed down, lowering its pitch and tempo. With edits between verses, Martin changed from one version to the other. Most listeners never noticed the change, or knew about the edit.

To go with the recording, the Beatles filmed a "promo"; an early kind of music video, in January 1967. The band had begun to grow mustaches, and Lennon began to wear eyeglasses in public, which he rarely did before. The changes made the Beatles look very different from how the public saw them earlier. The kind of glasses Lennon wore (sometimes called ""), were issued in England by the and the military, and he wore them making "How I Won the War". Lennon disliked the style as a boy, but now made it a by it.

The Beatles planned to issue "Strawberry Fields Forever" and "Penny Lane" as part of their next album, but EMI asked for a single at the beginning of 1967. The two songs were issued as a single, with "Penny Lane" as the A-side. "Penny Lane" reached Number One in the British record sales chart, and also Number One in the United States chart. (It was displaced after one week at Number One, by The Turtles, with "Happy Together".) "Strawberry Fields Forever" charted at Number Eight in the US.

In the years after Lennon's death, his cowriter and fellow Beatle Paul McCartney sometimes performed "Strawberry Fields Forever" during concerts. A section of Central Park in New York City, where Lennon lived after the Beatles disbanded, was named "Strawberry Fields" in Lennon's honour.

Lucy (Australopithecus)

Lucy is the common name of AL 288-1. This is a fossil discovery of about 40% of the skeleton of a female "Australopithecus afarensis". There are several hundred pieces of bone. The discovery was made in 1974 at Hadar in the Awash Valley of Ethiopia's Afar Depression.

This discovery gave us much scientific evidence. Lucy lived about 3.2 million years ago, and is a hominid.

The skeleton shows that Lucy had a small skull capacity, like an ape, but also that she walked upright like a human. This supported the view that bipedalism came before the increase in brain size in human evolution. Those features are true of all australopithecines.

Tom Smothers

Thomas Bolyn "Tom" Smothers III (February 2, 1937 – December 26, 2023) was an American comedian, composer and musician, best known as half of the musical comedy team The Smothers Brothers, alongside his younger brother Dick.

Smothers was born on February 2, 1937 in New York City, New York. He studied at Redondo Union High School and at San José State University. He was married two times. He had two children.

In July 2023, Smothers announced he had been diagnosed with stage two lung cancer. He died from the disease at his home in Santa Rosa, California, on December 26, 2023, at the age of 86.


 

Dick Smothers

Richard Remick "Dick" Smothers (born November 20, 1939) is an American actor, comedian, composer and musician. He is best known for being half of the musical comedy team the Smothers Brothers, with his older brother Tom.

Smothers was born on November 20, 1939 in New York City, New York. He studied at Verdugo Hills High School, later at the Redondo Union High, and at the San José State University. 

He was married to Linda Smothers from 1960 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Lorraine Martin from 1986 until they divorced a few months later. Then he was married to Denby Franklin from 1997 until they divorced in 2006. He had six children. He now lives in Sarasota, Florida.


Italian Mare Nostrum

Italian Mare Nostrum was the name given during World War II, by Benito Mussolini and his fascist propaganda to the Mediterranean Sea.

The Mediterranean was called "Mare Nostrum" (Latin for "Our Sea") during the centuries of the Roman Empire, an empire that Fascism intended to recreate after the conquest of Ethiopia in 1936.

Mussolini wanted to re-establish the greatness of the Roman Empire and believed that Italy was the most powerful of the Mediterranean countries after World War I. He declared that "the twentieth century will be a century of Italian power" and created one of the most powerful navies of the world in order to control the Mediterranean Sea.

However, the nation that really dominated the Mediterranean in 1940 was the United Kingdom, as the British had strong naval bases in Gibraltar, Malta and Cyprus. The British also controlled the Suez Canal, along with the French; the "French Third Republic" had a relatively powerful navy, and controlled the African Maghreb. Only after the conquest of Greece and Yugoslavia, in April 1941, Mussolini started to talk about an Italian dominated Mediterranean sea.

In 1942 Mussolini dreamed to create a "Greater Italia" in his "Mare Nostrum" and promoted the fascist project -to be realized in a future peace conference after the expected Axis victory- of an enlarged "Italian Empire", stretching from the Mediterranean shores of Egypt to the Indian Ocean shores of Somalia and eastern Kenya. All these projects disappeared with the final Italian defeat of September 1943.

Italy controlled (directly or indirectly) the seashores of these Mediterranean countries, when Mussolini spoke and boasted of an "Italian Mare Nostrum" in 1941/1942/1943:

When France collapsed in 1940, Mussolini started to expand the Italian maritime control on the central Mediterranean, attacking British possessions. The ensuing "Battle of the Mediterranean" had many changes of fortune and finished with the victory of the Allies.

There were a series of surface actions (e.g., Battle of Cape Matapan, Battle of Punta Stilo, Battle of Cape Teulada, Second Battle of Sirte, Battle of Mid-June, Battle of Mid-August ) between Allied navies and the Italian Regia Marina, during which the British, able to replace losses with warships redeployed from other theatres, finally gained the upper hand.

The "Battle of Taranto" in 1940 was a successful air attack on the Italian Navy at anchor when 21 British torpedo bombers sunk one battleship and damaged two others.The Italian Navy slowly recovered from that attack.

The Italian Navy's most successful attack, however, was when human torpedo divers planted mines on British battleships in Alexandria (Egypt) harbour (19 December 1941), and the HMS "Queen Elizabeth" and HMS "Valiant" were sunk . After these sinkings (and the contemporary destruction of the British "Force K"), the Italian Navy obtained for some months the nearly complete control of the central Mediterranean. In this way the Regia Marina was able to deliver the military supply and oil for the "Axis" victory of Tobruk and for the advance toward El Alamein in Egypt.

The Italian Royal Air Force ("Regia Aeronautica") entered the war with 3296 airplanes (1332 Bombers and 1160 "Caccia", as were called the Fighters in Italian) distributed in all the "Italian Empire", but only 1796 were in perfect fighting conditions. Most were old "wood" models, and could not match the British aircraft in 1940.

But in April 1941, when Italy started together with the Germans the coordinated "Axis" attack in the Mediterranean (in the Balkans and in Libya), the Italian Air Force had the new and competitive "Macchi C.202", able to fight successfully the British Spitfires. These airplanes (with the new "Reggiane Re.2002") took control of the Malta and Libyan airspace (together with the German military aircraft) during the successful campaign of General Rommel in Tobruk.

Only at the beginning of 1943 appeared the modern "Macchi C.205" and "Reggiane Re.2005", but they could not match the overwhelming superiority of the American Air Force.

One of the most renown and important branches of the Regia Aeronautica was the "torpedo bomber" group. In 1941 and 1942, Italian pilots, mostly flying the three-engined, medium bomber "Savoia-Marchetti SM.79" "Sparviero" , inflicted considerable losses to Allied shipping in the Mediterranean Sea.

The only four engine heavy bomber of the Regia Aeronautica was the "Piaggio P.108" B. In the 274th Long-Range Bombardment group these bombers made many long range bombardments of Gibraltar from Sardinia in summer 1942 and reinforced in this way the Regia Aeronautica supremacy during those of months in the Italian Mare Nostrum.

The Royal Italian Army ("Regio Esercito") entered the war with 73 divisions (and one fascist Legion of "Blackshirts"), but only 19 were fully operational for combat in June 1940. Italy during the first years of WWII had only small and medium tanks ("Fiat M13/40" and "Fiat M15/42"), that were no match for the Allies tanks. Only in summer 1943 the Italians developed a heavy tank (the "P40 tank") , but just 5 were ready for combat when Italy signed the armistice. The Italian Army had good antitanks (like the "Semovente 75/18") and reliable armoured cars (like the "AB 41") .

Slowly the initial Italian setbacks (suffered mainly in the African colonies) were corrected with German help and in spring 1941 the Italians started an offensive in the Balkans (Greece and Yugoslavia) and in North Africa (Libya).

In summer/autumn 1942 Italy controlled the European seashores of the Mediterranean from the Rhone river in occupied France to Mount Olympus in Aegean Greece. A similar situation happened in the African shores of the Mediterranean Sea, where Mussolini's control went from Tunisia to El Alamein in Egypt. This Italian domination was increased by the fact that most of the remaining shores of the Mediterranean were controlled by the fascist Spain of General Franco, the France of "Vichy" and the Turkey of Kemal Atatürk, all of them with friendliness toward Mussolini.

In those months Mussolini referred to the Mediterranean Sea as "Mare Nostrum", in the same manner as the Romans had done when they dominated the Classical World. However, the Roman Mare Nostrum lasted for roughly six hundred years, while Mussolini's Mare Nostrum lasted a few years until the Italian armistice in September 1943.

All the overseas possessions of Italy in the Mediterranean Sea (Dodecanese, Libya, Saseno island, etc.) were lost formally as a result of the Treaty of peace with Italy (1947).

When Italy entered World War II on 10 June 1940, the Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina") was the fourth largest navy in the world. The Italian Navy had a mix of modernised and new battleships and challenged the Allies, mostly the British Royal Navy, for supremacy of the Mediterranean Sea.

Air support was provided by the Italian Air Force Auxiliary to the Navy ("Aviazione Ausiliara per la Marina"), the naval air service during wartime. The Air Force Auxiliary was in charge of all land-based aircraft, shore-based hydroplanes amongst of vessel-based aircraft, and hydroplanes of Italian Navy.

Italian warships had a general reputation as well-designed and good-looking. But some Italian cruiser classes were rather deficient in armour. All Italian warships lacked radar for most of the war, although the lack of radar was partly offset by the fact that Italian warships had good "rangefinder" and "fire-control" systems. In addition, whereas Allied commanders at sea had discretion on how to act, Italian commanders were closely and precisely governed by Italian Naval Headquarters ("Supermarina"). This could lead to action being avoided when the Italians had a clear advantage (e.g., During "Operation Hats" . Italian Naval Headquarters was conscious that the British could replace ships lost in the Mediterranean, whereas Italian Navy resources were limited).

The Allies had "Ultra" intercepts, which predicted the Italian movements, and radar, which enabled them to locate the ships and range their weapons at distance and at night. The better air reconnaissance skills of the "Fleet Air Arm" and their close collaboration with surface units were other major causes of the initial Italian defeats (like in the "Battle of Cape Matapan").

The most successful attack performed by the Italian Navy involved divers planting mines on British battleships in Alexandria harbour (19 December 1941): HMS "Queen Elizabeth" and HMS "Valiant" were sunk in shallow water by the "maiali" of Luigi Durand De La Penne. 
On the same night, "Force K", comprising three cruisers and four destroyers based at Malta, became stranded in an Italian minefield off Tripoli. A cruiser (HMS "Neptune") and a destroyer (HMS "Kandahar") were lost, three other ships were seriously damaged, and more than 900 men died. "Force K" was put out of action and Malta's offensive capabilities were reduced to a minimum.

This sudden series of Allied defeats allowed the Regia Marina to achieve naval supremacy in the central Mediterranean, her supply routes were almost untouched by the enemy for several months. This is the beginning of nearly one year in which the Mediterranean sea was effectively an "Italian Mare Nostrum".
The Italian fleet also took advantage of the situation and moved onto the offensive, blocking or decimating at least three large Allied convoys bound for Malta. This led to a number of naval engagements, such as the "Second Battle of Sirte", the "Battle of Mid-June" or Operation "Harpoon" (plus Operation "Vigorous") and finally to Operation "Pedestal", all of them favourable to the Axis but sufficient supplies had been delviered to Malta for it to survive as a British base. The biggest success of the Italian Fleet was the aerial and surface attack on the "Harpoon" convoy, which sank several Allied warships and damaged others. Only two transports of the original six reached Malta. This was the only undisputed squadron-size victory for Italian surface forces in World War II.

During these months the Regia Marina even planned an attack to New York harbour for December 1942, but it was delayed for many reasons and was never done .

However, this was only a brief happy time for Mussolini. The oil and supplies brought to Malta, despite heavy losses, by "Operation Pedestal" in August and the Allied landings in North Africa, "Operation Torch", in November 1942, turned the fortunes of war against Italy. After years of stalemate, the Axis forces were ejected from Libya and Tunisia in six months after the "Battle of El Alamein", while their supply lines were harassed day after day by the growing and overwhelming aerial and naval supremacy of the Allies in what has just been the Mussolini's "Italian Mare Nostrum".

The Regia Marina performed well and bravely in its North African convoy duties, but remained at a technical disadvantage. The Italian ships relied on a speed advantage, but could easily be damaged by shell or torpedo, due to their relatively thin armour. The fatal and final blow to the Italian Navy was a shortage of fuel, which forced her main units to remain at anchor for most of the last year of the Italian alliance with Germany .

From summer/fall 1941 to November 1942 the Mediterranean sea was effectively an "Italian Mare Nostrum", fully controlled by the Italians in the central area around the Italian peninsula and Tunisia/Libya. These were the main battles/events in those months:



ArenaBowl

The ArenaBowl is the Arena Football League's championship game. 


New York Dragons

The New York Dragons are an Arena Football League team. They were started in 1995 as the Iowa Barnstormers. In 2001, the team moved to New York. They now play in the Eastern Division of the National Conference.



Amsterdam Admirals

The Amsterdam Admirals were a professional American football team in the NFL Europa. They are based in Amsterdam, Netherlands.




Metroid: Zero Mission


The Andy Griffith Show

The Andy Griffith Show is an American sitcom television series. The series won no awards, but it was very popular in its day. It was #1 in its final year on the air.


The series is about a sheriff in fictional Mayberry, North Carolina, a friendly, backward town with colorful characters. Andy is a widower with a young son named Opie. His paternal Aunt Bee, lives with them and maintains the home. Andy's friend/cousin (or cousin-in-law), Barney is his oddball deputy/ sidekick.

The show aired on CBS between October 3, 1960 and April 1, 1968. Griffith, Howard, and Bavier were introduced in an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show". The show transitioned to color with the sixth season. The broad, cornball comedy was toned-down and the show was allowed to touch on serious themes.

Don Knotts and Frances Bavier won a combined total of six Emmy Awards. Knotts left the show at the end of its fifth black and white season.
The series had two spin-off shows and one spin-off movie:

Happy Days

Happy Days is an American television sitcom. It was originally aired on ABC between January 15, 1974 and June 12, 1984. It stars Ron Howard, and has several spin-offs. It is set in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in the 1950s and 1960s.

The term "jumping the shark", meaning when a good show goes bad, usually because of one or more major mistakes or running out of ideas, originated in a two-part episode of "Happy Days". The episode was about Fonzie jumping a shark. This is thought to be the moment where the show started going downhill.

Archie Bunker's Place

Archie Bunker's Place is an American TV sitcom made by Norman Lear. It aired on CBS from September 23, 1979, and ended on April 4, 1983. It is a spin-off of "All in the Family".

This is a spin-off of "All in the Family." The series' plot happens after "All in the Family", and is about Archie Bunker (the star of this and the first show) and the bar he opens. Other characters are Edith Bunker (Archie's wife) and Stephanie Mills (daughter of Edith's brother-in-law that they are taking care of).

Live Free or Die Hard

Live Free or Die Hard (called Die Hard 4.0 outside of North America and also known as Die Hard 4) is a 2007 American action movie starring Bruce Willis and Justin Long. It is the fourth film in the "Die Hard" series

The movie starts with John McClane trying to talk to his daughter Lucy. He pulls her boyfriend out of the car. An angry Lucy goes up to her apartment. Afterwards, the police call McClane and ask him to pick up a kid named Matt Farrell. However, when McClane goes down there, mercenaries attack the two. McClane manages to fight them off and gets Farrell into the car.

Day breaks in Washington, D.C. The villain, Thomas Gabriel, launches his plan. He takes control over all of the things that help run the country, like traffic lights and transportation systems. He shuts down the FBI building and calls in an anthrax alert. He makes the lights go green and red very fast so that cars crash into each other. McClane and Farrell get out and walk to the FBI trailer outside. Farrell realizes that this is a "fire sale" – where everything being taken over by these hackers and it is called a fire sale because "everything must go."

McClane and Farrell then head to Middleton, Virginia, because some systems, like electricity, cannot be taken fully over with computers. However, Mai (Gabriel's girlfriend) is already at the plant and has taken over it. McClane attacks her and throws her to the ground and tells Farrell to put the system back up. Mai gets up and kicks him out of the building. McClane uses a car and rams her and they fight inside an elevator shaft. It ends when the car falls with Mai inside.

Farrell and McClane send a picture of Gabriel to the FBI, where they say that Gabriel was hired by them. Gabriel wanted tighter security, but they said no and fired him. Gabriel contacts the Middleton plant to ask what happened. He gets very angry when McClane tells him that Mai is dead and tells his hackers to send all the natural gas they can to the Middleton plant. He also finds Lucy and kidnaps her. The plant blows up and knocks all the power out in the nearby area.

McClane and Farrell take a helicopter to Baltimore, Maryland to meet another computer hacker who calls himself The Warlock. He finds out where Gabriel is – at the Social Security Administration building in Woodlawn. Before the government fired him, Gabriel had made a system; when there was a computer attack, all financial data would be downloaded into the computers there. One of Gabriel's men went down there and starts downloading the data early on in the movie.

Both McClane and Farrell head down there. Gabriel takes Farrell and escapes with the data before McClane can reach him. McClane gets into the truck behind Gabriel's car. Gabriel calls in a jet fighter to attack McClane. During the fight, the highway is destroyed, but McClane manages to jump off and slide to safety, while the pilot ejects from the plane.

He then fights Gabriel inside a warehouse. McClane is shot and he loses his gun. Gabriel puts him in an arm lock and orders his man to shoot Lucy. McClane presses the gun into his shoulder and fires, injuring himself, but killing Gabriel. Farrell wildly fires his gun to kill the man that is holding Lucy. The movie ends with the FBI swarming the area and taking Farrell and McClane to the hospital.



Texas Tech University

Texas Tech University is a public university in Lubbock, Texas. It started in 1923 and now has about 30,000 students.

Texas Tech has sports. The teams are the Red Raiders. Only the girl basketball players are the Lady Raiders. There are 15 big teams. They play against other schools in the Big 12.

The Red Raiders colors are red and black. They wear red shirts and black pants when they play.

The teams practice hard. They want to win their games. But it's also fun to watch them play.


Die Hard with a Vengeance

Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action movie starring Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson. It is the third movie in the "Die Hard" series.

A terrorist called Simon is out to kill John McClane. Simon blows up a building in New York City. He says that he will blow up another one unless the police do what he tells them to do. His first task is to have McClane to go Harlem and stand around for 15 minutes with a sign that says "I hate niggers" with his gun taped to his back so that he cannot reach it. A group of black men attack McClane. A shopkeeper named Zeus Carver saves McClane by grabbing the gun and getting into a taxicab.

The next task that Simon has them do is to reach a pay phone. He then gives them a riddle and has them call back within 30 seconds to the right phone number (the answer to the riddle is the last four digits) or else the trash can full of explosives will be detonated. They call back with the right phone number but it is past 30 seconds. Carver and McClane duck out of the way as Simon laughs.

The third task that Simon sets for them is to reach the Wall Street subway station by 10:20 a.m. or else the station will be blown up. McClane and Carver steal a taxicab and cut through the park to reach the station in time. McClane stops at an earlier station and gets on the train. He then searches the train for the bomb and finds it. He throws it out of the cab car. Carver gets to the Wall Street station and picks up the phone, but because McClane is not there, Simon says they did not follow his rules. The train rolls over the detonator and sets it off. The bomb explodes and destroys a large part of the station. McClane is injured but is alive.

The FBI come in and tell him that the man's name is Simon Gruber and that he is the older brother of the villain from the first movie, Hans Gruber. Simon calls in again and tells him that he has placed a bomb inside one of the schools in New York City. Any attempt to get the children out will result in the bomb being blown up. He tells McClane and Carver to head to a park. The entire police force goes out and starts to search every school to find the bomb.

With the police gone, Simon Gruber and a bunch of dump trucks come in. They kill the security guards and begin to steal the gold from the vault in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. McClane and Carver arrive at the park and find another bomb. They use a five-gallon and three-gallon jug to make four gallons and put it on the weight to disable it. McClane catches a kid stealing something; the kid says that there's not a cop for miles around. McClane then goes to the Federal Reserve building and walks in. As Gruber's men escort him down, he asks them about lotto numbers and realizes that they are not the real cops and kills them.

McClane then drives a car out to intercept Gruber and his men. He has Carver go out to Yankee Stadium since that's what Gruber originally told them to do. Gruber drives into a aqueduct. McClane follows them in, but they flood it, causing a ton of water to rush out. McClane grabs a ladder and is sent flying into the air. Meanwhile, Carver went to Yankee Stadium and did not find anybody. Two of Gruber's men with sniper rifles are there to kill him, but decide to follow Carver instead since McClane is not with him. Carver is driving on a highway and sees McClane as he is thrown into the air. A car chase and gunfight take place as Gruber's men show up to try to kill them.

McClane and Carver find Gruber loading the gold onto a cargo boat in New York Harbor. After getting in, a few battles take place and Carver and McClane are captured by Gruber's men. They are then tied up and Gruber sets the fuse to blow the boat up. Before leaving, Gruber tosses McClane a bottle of aspirin. Gruber claims he is blowing up $100 billion of gold bullion but there is nothing inside; he is trying to make the value of gold higher by "destroying" the supply. McClane and Carver work their way out of the cuffs and jump to safety as the ship blows up.

They are rescued by the police. On the ship, McClane takes a quarter to call his wife. As he is being connected, he takes an aspirin, looks at the bottom, and realizes that Gruber is heading to Canada. They intercept him and fly a helicopter over his ship. In the ensuring fight, Gruber gets in his own helicopter and shoots and hits their helicopter, forcing them to land. McClane starts running to make Gruber shoot at him. He notices a bunch of power lines and shoots them. The lines fall on Gruber's helicopter and kill him.



Die Hard 2

Die Hard 2 (also called Die Hard 2: Die Harder) is an American action thriller movie starring Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, and William Sadler. It was released on the Fourth of July weekend in 1990. It is the second movie in the "Die Hard" series.

This movie begins on Christmas Eve 1990. John McClane is at the Washington Dulles International Airport, waiting for his wife Holly's plane to land, and his car gets towed away. He argues with the airport security for a little bit before going inside. There, he sees a couple of men handing off a package to each other and does not like it. He goes to tell the airport police, but stops because the same man who towed his car is there. Instead, McClane enters the baggage area, where one of the men pulls a Glock gun and starts firing. During the gun fight, one man, named Oswald Cochrane, is killed when he goes through a baggage sorting machine. The other man manages to escape.

McClane tells the chief head of police, a man named Carmine Lorenzo, but Lorenzo thinks that these men are only "punks stealing luggage." McClane goes out there and gets fingerprints from the dead man. He faxes them to his friend Al Powell in Los Angeles, telling Powell to run the fingerprints through police records to find out who this person is. Powell does so and then gives McClane the man's record. The record says that Cochrane died two years ago in 1988 but is somehow still alive today. McClane believes he is a professional mercenary.

McClane goes to up to the airport tower and tells them that someone is about to "fuck with the airport." He says that he does not know what they will do. Lorenzo forces him out.

A man named Colonel Stuart then puts his plan into action. He cuts off all electronics inside the airport tower and takes control of all their items – the instrument that lands the planes and all radios. He then says that, in a couple of hours, a cargo plane will be landing. The plane has a man named Ramon Esperanza. Esperanza is the drug lord of the fictional country of Val Verde. The United States Justice Department is going to put him in jail. Stuart tells them that he wants a fully-fueled Boeing 747 to be put on the runway and says that nobody should touch the Esperanza's plane or try to restore the landing instruments.

McClane finds a janitor named Marvin. McClane has Marvin tell him where to go. Just before McClane was forced out, he heard that the air traffic controllers wanted to head to the Annex Skywalk, a new branch of the airport, to restore their systems. Lorenzo sends his SWAT team and the communications director, Leslie Barnes, to head to the Skywalk. As McClane expected, Stuart's men attack the SWAT team. They kill all five members and are about to kill Barnes when McClane comes through a vent shaft and kills them all.

Moments later, the antenna outpost explodes. It was a trap. Stuart then calls in to tell them that it was stupid to try to restore their systems. He then picks a flight that is low on fuel. He resets the ground level of the landing system to be 200 feet below, so that when the plane is at 200 feet they think they are at 400 feet. He then crashes the plane into the ground, killing all of the passengers on board.

Afterwards, a Special Forces unit from the United States Army comes in, led by Major Grant. They take a meeting in the pilot's briefing room. McClane gets Marvin to try to tell him where the room is. During the search, McClane finds a two-way radio that one of Stuart's men dropped. He listens in and finds out that Esperanza has taken over the plane and shot the two pilots. The plane is out of control and he needs to land right away. Stuart tells him to land on the nearest runway.

McClane gets out there first and punches him before Stuart's men show up. They trap him in the cockpit and throw grenades. McClane escapes by strapping up in the pilot's ejection seat and blasting off as the grenades explode.

Barnes listens to McClane's story. Because Stuart's men showed up so fast, Barnes thinks that they must be close by. They find the church where they are basing their operations and send in the Army Special Forces out there to fight. During the gun battle, McClane sees that Stuart's men are escaping on snowmobiles. He shoots one guy with a gun that he stole, takes his mobile, and chases after them. However his gun does not work and his mobile gets shot and he falls down. He opens his gun and finds that there were rubber bullets in there. He realizes that Stuart and the special forces are working together.

McClane comes back to the airport. He says that they are working together. Lorezno does not believe him until McClane fires the gun to show that they are rubber bullets. Meanwhile, the people at the airport are panicked. A reporter named Richard Thornberg has broadcast that terrorists have taken over the airport. As a result, Lorenzo and McClane cannot get out there fast enough.

Instead, McClane gets a ride with Samantha Coleman and her news helicopter. The 747 has already left the hanger. McClane gets the pilot to drop him over the wing of the 747. Esperanza, who is flying the plane, sees McClane. Grant goes out there fights but is sucked into the engine of the plane. McClane finds the fuel hatch. When Stuart kicks McClane off the plane, McClane manages to open it and the plane starts losing fuel. McClane then takes his cigarette lighter and ignites the fuel and the plane blows up.

The fire trail of the plane allows the planes flying overhead to see the ground. Holly lands safely and the two of them come back together. The movie ends with Marvin driving them off.



Die Hard

Die Hard is a 1988 American action movie starring Bruce Willis. It is the first movie in a series, and was followed by four sequels "Die Hard 2" (1990), "Die Hard with a Vengeance" (1995), "Live Free or Die Hard" (2007), and "A Good Day to Die Hard" (2013).

The movie is set on Christmas Eve at the Nakatomi building in Los Angeles, California. NYPD officer John McClane (Bruce Willis) is flying in from New York to meet his wife Holly during the Nakatomi’s annual Christmas party. While there, they get into an argument over Holly's choice to use her maiden name instead of her married name. Shortly afterwards, a group of German robbers posing as terrorists led by Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman) invade the building and take all the people hostages. They want the bearer bonds in the building ' s vault and ask the CEO, Joseph Takgai, for the access code to the first barrier. When he says no, Gruber shoots and kills him.

McClane witnesses Gruber killing Takagi and tries to get help. He pulls a fire alarm, but the criminals find out and reverse the alarm. Gruber then sends a man named Tony to find whoever pulled the alarm. In the ensuring battle, McClane snaps Tony's neck and takes his machine gun. He then puts the dead man in an elevator and pushes buttons so that it stops on the floor where the partygoers are being held. Upon finding Tony, Gruber sends more men to find him. After killing two more of Gruber's men, McClane finds and takes some detonators.

On the rooftop, McClane radios for help. The dispatchers send a patrol car in. Just as the police officer is about to leave, McClane drops the body of a dead criminal on his patrol car. The LAPD arrive. They send in a tank and four SWAT team members, but Gruber's men beat back both attacks. When Gruber ignores McClane's request to stop attacking, McClane takes some C4 explosives and blows up part of the building.

Holly's co-worker Harry then tries to talk to the criminals. He tries to get McClane to give up the detonators, but when he refuses, Gruber shoots and kills Harry. Shortly afterwards, McClane finds Gruber, who was trying to check the explosives. Gruber fakes an American accent, throwing McClane off. As they talk, Gruber's men show up and shoot out the glass. McClane injures his feet severely as he tries to walk across the floor and loses the detonators in the process.

The FBI arrives and orders the building's power to be cut. Gruber informs the FBI that he wants two helicopters and he will escort the hostages to the top of the building. The power outage opens up the final locks on the building's vault, where Gruber scoops up the bonds. The FBI plans to send gunships to kill the criminals, but Gruber had lined the top of the building with explosives and plans to blow it up to cover his escape.

A reporter named Richard Thornberg manages to interview McClane's children. Gruber, seeing this on TV, realizes that Holly is McClane's wife and takes her hostage. McClane finds the explosives and realizes what Gruber is up to. However, Gruber's man Karl finds him and they engage in a vicious hand-to-hand combat. McClane leaves Karl for dead and rushes up to the top of the building. He and forces the hostages to go back down into the building. The FBI fires at him. Gruber blows up the top of the building. McClane ties a fire hose around his waist and jumps off the building.

McClane finally meets Gruber one last time. He tricks him by throwing his gun down and then using another gun to shoot Gruber. Gruber falls out of the building, nearly taking Holly with him. McClane unties her watch and Gruber falls to his death. Afterwards, they go home in a limo.

Street Fighter 2010: The Final Fight

Rayman Raving Rabbids

Rayman Raving Rabbids is a party video game made by Ubisoft for the Wii, PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, Game Boy Advance, and Nintendo DS game consoles. It's a spin-off of the "Rayman" series where Rayman has to thwart the Rabbids, the bad guys of the game, playing mini-games to do this. The Game Boy Advance and DS versions are platform games like older "Rayman" titles with less mini-games.

Teleportation

Teleportation is the supposed movement of matter from one point to another without travelling across the physical space between them. This has been shown in science fiction movies to move objects and people quickly from one place to another. In the real world however, no one knows if and how such a move could ever be performed. Therefore it remains a purely fictional idea to date.

Capcom

They were founded on May 30, 1979.

Mega Man Star Force 2

Mega Man Star Force 2, known in Japan as is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS game console. There are two versions - "Zerker × Saurian" and "Zerker × Ninja". It is the sequel to "Mega Man Star Force", and will have a sequel in 2008.

Mega Man Star Force

Mega Man Star Force, known in Japan as , is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS game console. It has three versions - "Pegasus", "Leo", and "Dragon". It has a sequel called "Mega Man Star Force 2".

Mega Man X: Command Mission

Mega Man X: Command Mission, known in Japan as , is a role-playing video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 and GameCube game consoles. It is a spin-off of the "Mega Man X" series.

Mega Man X7

Mega Man X7, called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 game console. It is the sequel to "Mega Man X6".

Mega Man X6

Mega Man X6, called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation game console. It is the sequel to "Mega Man X5".

Animal Crossing: City Folk

Animal Crossing: City Folk is a life simulation video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console. It is the third game in the Animal Crossing series. It has online play, and supports an accessory called Wii Speak. In Europe, this game is called Animal Crossing: Let's Go to the City.

The game happens in a small village. The player can also work with other animal villagers by talking and playing with them. They can also go to a store owned by Tom Nook for food or clothes. One other thing the player can do is visit a museum to donate fishes, bugs, and fossils. The player may ride a bus to go to the city, which is a new part to the new "Animal Crossing" games. There, other activities will include shopping at a fashion store called GracieGrace, a Theatre called the Marquee, which allows you to learn how to do new emotion faces, an office for the "Happy Room Academy" (a place that gives you tips on how to design the house that the player has in the game), a "black market" owned by a fox named Redd, a salon called Shampoodle, and a shop owned by Katrina, a fortune-teller.

Tom Nook runs your village shop which grows a lot to make it into a supreme shop, where he works with Timmy and Tommy and has a two-story building. From Tom Nooks shop, you can buy wallpaper, carpets, roof paint (to change your roof's color), furniture, tools (such as fishing rods, nets, axes and spades), writing paper and seeds. Tom Nook will buy your unwanted stuff as well. Tom is also in charge of housing, making your house bigger.

This is where you can get local handmade clothes, umbrellas, hats, glasses and also design your own "Pro designs" Which is where your front, back and sleeves can all be different however you can no longer sell your old not wanted clothes you have to sell them to Tom Nook.

This is the shop where you can buy limited edition furniture, clothing, hats, glasses and umbrellas. It's in the city. Items in GracieGrace cost more money than in Tom Nooks and in Able Sisters.

This is a small black market where you can buy furniture and paintings once you have become a member. Somebody else in your town must recommend you for you to become a member of Crazy Redds Shop. Crazy Redds black market can be found in the city.

Here you can get a new hairstyle or even a complete makeover to turn you into a Mii character saved on your Wii. This is in the city.

Here you can find Llyoid who will put your stuff up for Auction if you want him to. Your Nintendo Wi-Fi friends can then buy your stuff and you will get the cash they paid for it. If it doesn't sell, then you get your item sent back to you.

There are over 100 different characters that you can get as residents in your town. They will move in and then after a while move back out again to go to a different town. 

"Animal Crossing: City Folk" won awards for being one of the best games of E3.

Pikmin


"Pikmin" is set on a world that is supposed to be Earth, but Captain Olimar is very tiny, so it looks like a strange world to the player. Nintendo made it seem more like Earth by adding common items, like a globe of the Earth, a Duracell battery, and a Pepsi bottle cap.

Both games use real-time strategy gameplay. The player plays as Captain Olimar, who can command his Pikmin. Olimar gets Pikmin by bringing pellets, a type of food, and bad guys to an Onion, which is the Pikmin's ship. Pikmin will come out of the Onion and get planted in the ground so that Olimar can pull them out. Olimar can use Pikmin to take stuff back to his base, fight insects and other creatures, or travel across places.

"Pikmin" is the first game in the series and came out in 2001 on the Nintendo GameCube. Captain Olimar crashes his spaceship on an alien planet, and meets creatures called Pikmin. He only has 30 days life support, and so he and the Pikmin try to find the pieces of his ship that broke off so he can escape.

"Pikmin 2" came out in 2004 for the Nintendo GameCube. It uses the same gameplay, but adds a new character called Louie, two new kinds of Pikmin, and a new type of area called Underground, where Olimar and Louie search for treasure in. It also added multiplayer, where one player can be Olimar and another can be Louie.

"Pikmin 3" released in 2013 for the Wii U. It follows 3 new explorers looking for fruit to save their starving planet, Alph, an engineer, Brittany, a botanist, and Charlie, the captain. There is a remaster titled "Pikmin 3 Deluxe". It released in 2021 for the Nintendo Switch.

Pikmin 4 was released on July 21, 2023, for the Nintendo Switch. Captain Olimar crashed again, and the player needs to save him. The game lets the player make a custom character to play as. This game also stops making the player go back to their spaceship at night.

"Hey! Pikmin" released in 2017 for the Nintendo 3DS. It has Captain Olimar again. The gameplay is different from other Pikmin games. The game is 2D. Olimar can only use up to ten Pikmin at a time.

"Pikmin Bloom" released in 2021 as a mobile game. It uses an AR system. Players run around with their Pikmin followers. Flowers appear where the players run. Pikmin can be used to collect food and other things.

"Pikmin Finder" released in 2023 as a mobile game. It uses an AR system to display Pikmin the player can interact with.

"Pikmin" has appeared in the "Super Smash Bros." series. In "Super Smash Bros. Melee", "Pikmin" has a couple of collectibles of Captain Olimar and the Pikmin. In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" and games after it, Captain Olimar is a playable character along with his Pikmin. Music, enemies, and an area are also taken from the series for stuff in "Brawl" and other "Smash" games.

Metroid II: Return of Samus

Samus Aran goes to a planet called SR388 when the Galactic Federation told her to exterminate the Metroids that live on it. After exploring the underground areas of the planet and killing almost every Metroid, she fights and kills the Metroid Queen. Afterwards, a Baby Metroid hatches and thinks Samus is its mom. Samus takes the Baby Metroid with her when she leaves the planet.

The player sees very little of SR388's surface, and the game is almost entirely underground. The areas are dark with rocky platforms, and has a high amount of lava close to the surface.

"Metroid II" takes "Metroid"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s gameplay and adds new stuff. It uses the Beams, Morph Ball, Missiles, and special jumps, but adds new stuff as well. The game is very nonlinear and lets the player explore the world somewhat freely. Throughout the world, Samus finds enemies and new power-ups.

Metroid Prime

Metroid Prime is a first-person action-adventure video game made by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It is the first 3D "Metroid" game, and it had a lot of controversy over it. It has had a lot of follow-up titles. It has had two sequels called "" and "", a side game called "Metroid Prime Hunters", and a spin-off called "Metroid Prime Pinball". It takes place after "Metroid", but before "".

Minnesota Timberwolves

The Minnesota Timberwolves are an American basketball team in Minneapolis, Minnesota in the United States. They began playing in the National Basketball Association in 1989. Their home arena is the Target Center. 

The Minnesota Timberwolves played their first game on November 3, 1989 in a 106–94 loss against the Seattle SuperSonics. After the Timberwolves drafted Kevin Garnett in the 1995 NBA draft, they were able to make the NBA playoffs for 8 seasons in a row. In 2004, the Timberwolves were able to win their first division title and advanced to the Western Conference Finals. The team was defeated 4 games to 2 by the Los Angeles Lakers.

On October 25, 2015, head coach Flip Saunders died after a battle with Hodgkin's lymphoma. Sam Mitchell is currently serving as an interim head coach.

The Minnesota Timberwolves went 14 years without going to the playoffs, but in 2018 the Timberwolves made the playoffs with a 8 seed and are heading up against the Houston Rockets with the Rockets up in a 3-1 lead.


Longsword

The longsword is a European sword. It was mainly used during the medieval and renaissance periods, about 1350 to 1550 AD. Early and late use is known in the 13th and 17th centuries.

The longsword has a long blade, but also a long grip, which means it is a weapon designed for two-handed use.

Resident Evil

Resident Evil is a survival horror media franchise which has had of video games, movies, comics, novels, and collectibles owned by Capcom. It's one of their most successful franchises ever, along with "Mega Man" and "Street Fighter".

"Resident Evil" started as a video game series back on the PlayStation with "Resident Evil". It had many sequels and appeared on many systems, including the Sega Saturn, Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, GameCube, Wii, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. The "Resident Evil" video games have done very well, with most of them selling more than 1 million copies worldwide. The series had five more sequels - "Resident Evil 2", "", "", "Resident Evil 0", and "Resident Evil 4". "Resident Evil 4" did very well, and was considered one of the best games of the year in 2005 on the Nintendo GameCube, and in 2006 on the PlayStation 2. Capcom's making a sequel called "Resident Evil 5". It's also had a lot of remakes and spin-offs. The most well-known remake was "Resident Evil", a remake of the first "Resident Evil", which has also been remade on other consoles including the Nintendo DS. The spin-offs include first person shooters and online games.

There have been six movies made - "Resident Evil", "", "", "", "" and "" which all star Milla Jovovich as a character not in the video games and are live action.

A movie to be shot in CGI, it is not a continuance of the first three live action movies. Instead "Resident Evil: DeGeneration" is its own story which follows the video game storylines. The movie takes place 7 years after Raccoon City is destroyed, the main characters in the movie are Claire Redfield and Leon S. Kennedy - the two main characters from the Resident Evil 2 video game.

Kofi Kingston

Kofi Nahaje Sarkodie-Mensah (born August 14, 1981) is a Ghanaian-born American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE where he wrestles under the ring name Kofi Kingston on the Raw brand and is a part of The New Day with Xavier Woods and Big E. Kingston is the first African-born WWE Champion and held the Intercontinental and United States Championships multiple times. He also has won tag team championships in WWE 15 times, only the Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von Dudley) are listed as holding more by WWE (18 times). Kingston originally played the character of a Jamaican wrestler until late 2009.



Red-necked wallaby

The red-necked wallaby ("Macropus rufogriseus") is a medium-sized macropod, common in parts of eastern Australia. As one of the largest wallabies, it looks like a kangaroo. Males can weigh more than 20 kg and have a head-body length of 90 cm.

Red-necked wallabies have a black nose and paws, white stripe on the upper lip, and a medium grey coat with a red color on their neck.

Red-necked wallabies are found along the coast and forests of eastern Australia, from Rockhampton, Queensland to the South Australian border; in Tasmania and on many of the Bass Strait islands (many of these may have been introduced to the islands).

In Tasmania, north-east New South Wales and coastal Queensland, their numbers have got bigger over the past 30 years. This is because they are no longer hunted. A lot of forest has been cleared for grass where wallabies can feed at night, alongside trees where they can shelter by day. It is less common in Victoria.

Like most macropods, the red-necked wallaby lives by itself. Groups, also called mobs, share feeding areas. They feed at night and in the late afternoon, generally eating grass and herbs close to forest shelter.

There are two subspecies. The Tasmanian form, "Macropus rufogriseus rufogriseus", also called Bennett's wallaby is smaller, has longer fur, and breeds in the late summer, mostly between February and April. They can live close to people and are seen feeding on lawns in the suburbs of Hobart and other towns.

The mainland form, "Macropus rufogriseus banksianus", breeds all year round. A female can have babies at the about 14 months old. A baby red-necked wallaby, called a joey, lives in the mothers pouch for 9 months, and continues to feed from the mother till about 12–15 months of age.

Kolo Touré

Kolo Abib Touré (born 19 March 1981) is an Ivorian professional football manager and former player. He most recently managed Championship side Wigan Athletic.

Arsenal

Manchester City

Liverpool

Celtic

Ivory Coast

Individual

Battle of Baghdad (1258)

The Battle of Baghdad in 1258 was a victory for the Mongol leader Hulagu Khan, a grandson of Genghis Khan. Baghdad was captured, sacked, and over time burned.

Baghdad was the capital of the Abbasid Empire. This was an Islamic empire in what is now Iraq. The Abbasid caliphs were the second of the Islamic dynasties.

The Mongol army, led by Hulagu (also spelled as Hulegu) Khan and the Chinese commander Guo Kan in vice-command, set out for Baghdad in November of 1257. Hulagu marched with what was probably the largest army ever fielded by the Mongols. By order of Mongke Khan, one in ten fighting men in the entire Mongol Empire were gathered for Hulagu's army (Saunders 1971). The attacking army also had a large contingent of Christian forces and of Chinese military engineering troops.

Hulagu demanded surrender; the caliph refused. Many accounts say that the caliph failed to prepare for the fight; he neither gathered armies nor strengthened the walls of Baghdad.

Hulagu divided his forces, so that they threatened both sides of the city, on the east and west banks of the Tigris. The attacking Mongols broke some dikes and flooded the ground behind the caliph’s army, trapping them. Much of the army was slaughtered or drowned.

The siege started on January 29. The battle was swift, by siege standards. By February 5 the Mongols controlled a stretch of the wall. Al-Musta'sim tried to negotiate, but was refused.

On February 10 Baghdad surrendered. The Mongols swept into the city on February 13 and began a week of massacre, looting and destruction.




Credo

The Credo () is part of Christian Mass. "Credo" is Latin, and means "I believe". It is a statement of faith. In Catholicism, the Nicene Creed is used very often; but there are others, such as the Athanasian Creed or Apostles' Creed.

Very often it is sung by the crowd, or by a choir; many people have written credoes. One of them is Antonio Vivaldi

J. D. Salinger

Jerome David Salinger (January 1, 1919 – January 27, 2010), better known as J. D. Salinger, was an American writer of (partly) Jewish descent. He was best known for his 1951 novel "The Catcher in the Rye".

Salinger was born Jerome David Salinger in Manhattan, New York on January 1, 1919.

Salinger began writing short stories while in secondary school. In 1936, he went to work in Austria, but left 2 years later, just before Germany took Austria over.

Salinger published several stories in the early 1940s before serving in World War II. In 1948 he published the story "A Perfect Day for Bananafish" in "The New Yorker" magazine, which also published most of his following work.

In 1951, his first novel "The Catcher in the Rye" was published. It became an immediate popular success.

On January 27, 2010, Salinger died in his home in Cornish, New Hampshire of natural causes at age 91.

Salinger did not like publicity: He never published an original work after 1965 and was never interviewed after 1980. In fact, he told his agent to burn any mail that fans sent him. He also did not want his photograph on the jacket of his books.

On November 28, 2013, scans of three unpublished Salinger stories were uploaded to the Internet. It was done by a user of What.CD, an invite-only BitTorrent tracker site. The file was quickly removed by administrators of the site. It is not currently clear how the unpublished material was uploaded, as the original gangster sources came from two different locations (the University of Texas and Princeton). This shows that the works may have been obtained on separate occasions and then put together. Salinger's unpublished works quickly spread over to open BitTorrent sites like The Pirate Bay and image-sharing sites such as Imgur.

Despite What.CD's quick response, Salinger's unpublished writings will forever be available on the internet.



Luca Toni

Luca Toni (born 26 May 1977 in Pavullo nel Frignano, Modena) is an Italian football player. He plays for Genoa and Italy national team.

349||161||17||5||2||0||368||166
60||38||7||7||20||13||87||58
409||199||24||12||22||13||455||224

!Total||47||16


Sara Gilbert

Sara Gilbert (born Sara Rebecca Abeles on January 29, 1975 in Santa Monica, California) is an American actress most famous for being Darlene Conner in "Roseanne". She has guest-starred on many primetime programs such as "The Simpsons" and "Will & Grace". She was in the cast of "The Big Bang Theory". She is a vegetarian. She is openly lesbian and was in a relationship with Allison Adler from 2002 until their relationship ended in 2011. They have a son born in 2004, and a daughter born in 2007. She has been in a relationship with musician Linda Perry since 2011. The couple became engaged in April 2013. Gilbert was born in Santa Monica, California, the daughter of Barbara Cowan (née Crane) and Harold Abeles.

Alicia Goranson

Alicia Linda Goranson (born June 22, 1974, in Evanston, Illinois), also known as Lecy Goranson, is an American actress most famous for her role as Becky Conner in the TV show "Roseanne".

Ape Escape

Ape Escape, known in Japan as , is a platform video game for the PlayStation. It was made by Sony Computer Entertainment.

Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

Ken Kesey

Kenneth Elton Kesey (September 17, 1935 – November 10, 2001) was an American writer best known for his novel "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". He was born in La Junta, Colorado and moved to Springfield, Oregon in 1946.

Liver cancer

Liver cancer is malignant tumors on, or in, a liver. The most common form of liver cancer is hepatocellular carcinoma, which is common in those with cirrhosis of the liver, which may be caused by alcohol abuse, Wilson's disease, or hepatitis. Hepatoblastoma occurs most often in children.

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (novel)

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a novel. It was written in 1959 by Ken Kesey. It was published in 1962. It is set in a mental asylum in Oregon which is run by the tyrannical Nurse Ratched and where the new patient Randle McMurphy rebels against her. It was made into a movie in 1975 that was directed by Miloš Forman. The movie stars Jack Nicholson as the patient Randle McMurphy and Louise Fletcher as Nurse Ratched. It was very popular, and won 5 Academy Awards. The novel's writer, Kesey, disliked the movie, because it did not take the perspective (view) of a Native American character, Chief Bromden (a more important character in the book than in the movie). It was a very controversial book when it was published. The novel is now considered a classic.

Fred Thompson

Fred Dalton Thompson (Freddie Dalton Thompson; August 19, 1942 – November 1, 2015) was an American politician, actor, attorney, and lobbyist. 

Thompson was born at Helen Keller Memorial Hospital in Sheffield, Alabama, He become famous during the 1970s during the Watergate Scandal because he discovered the Watergate tapes which would lead to President Richard Nixon's resignation in 1973.

He starred on "Law & Order" as Arthur Branch, the District Attorney of New York. He quit the show to run as the Republican candidate for the United States presidency in 2008, but he did not become the candidate. He was also the host of "The Fred Thompson Show", one of Westwood One's most popular talk shows.

On November 1, 2015, Thompson died from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), a form of cancer, at the age of 73 in Nashville, Tennessee.

John Glenn

John Herschel Glenn Jr. (July 18, 1921 – December 8, 2016) was an American Marine Corps aviator, engineer, astronaut, businessman, and politician. He was the third American in space, and the first American to orbit the Earth, circling it three times in 1962. Following his retirement from NASA, he served from 1974 to 1999 as a U.S. Senator from Ohio; in 1998, he flew into space again at age 77.

Before joining NASA, Glenn was a distinguished fighter pilot in World War II, the Chinese Civil War and the Korean War. He shot down three MiG-15s, and was awarded six Distinguished Flying Crosses and eighteen Air Medals. In 1957, he made the first supersonic transcontinental flight across the United States. His on-board camera took the first continuous, panoramic photograph of the United States.
Various NASA video clips of John Glenn through the years.

He was one of the Mercury Seven, military test pilots selected in 1959 by NASA as the nation's first astronauts. On February 20, 1962, Glenn flew the Friendship 7 mission, becoming the first American to orbit the Earth, the third American and fifth person in history to be in space. He received the NASA Distinguished Service Medal in 1962, the Congressional Space Medal of Honor in 1978, was inducted into the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame in 1990, and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2012.

Glenn resigned from NASA in January 1964. A member of the Democratic Party, Glenn was first elected to the Senate in 1974 and served for 24 years, until January 1999. Aged 77, Glenn flew on Space Shuttle Discovery's STS-95 mission, making him the oldest person to enter Earth orbit, and the only person to fly in both the Mercury and the Space Shuttle programs. Glenn, both the oldest and the last surviving member of the Mercury Seven, died at the age of 95 on December 8, 2016. 

Glenn was born in Cambridge, Ohio, to John Glenn, Sr. and Teresa (née Sproat). He was raised in New Concord, Ohio. Glenn studied engineering at Muskingum College. He received his private pilot's license for physics course credit in 1941. He received a Bachelor of Science at Muskingum College.

Glenn joined the United States Navy in 1942 and became a pilot. He switched to the United States Marine Corps soon afterwards. He served as a pilot in World War II and flew missions over the Pacific Ocean.

Glenn stayed in the Marines after the war. In the Korean War, he shot down three enemy planes and flew in 63 combat missions. On July 16, 1957, then-Major Glenn set the transcontinental air speed record, flying a F8U-1 Crusader from NAS Los Alamitos to Floyd Bennett Field, Brooklyn, in 3 hours, 23 minutes, and 8.4 seconds.

Project Bullet, as the mission was called, provided both the first transcontinental flight to average supersonic speed, and the first continuous transcontinental panoramic photograph of the United States. Glenn was awarded his fifth Distinguished Flying Cross for the mission.

In 1958, Glenn joined Project Mercury. He was the oldest of the seven pilots selected. Although Alan Shepard and Gus Grissom flew in outer space before Glenn did, Glenn was the first American to orbit the earth, as neither of the previous two had made a full orbit. He flew a Mercury spacecraft called Friendship 7. His first words when reaching orbit were "Zero G and I feel fine." He retired from NASA and the military after his flight.

He went into business. He became an executive for Royal Crown Cola. Glenn was friends with Robert F. Kennedy. Kennedy, an Attorney General of the United States and US Senator, told Glenn he should run for office. He planned on running for Senate in 1964, but an accident at home made him decide not to. In 1974, he ran for Senate as a Democrat. He defeated Senator Howard Metzenbaum in the primary. Glenn later beat Ralph J. Perk in the general election. He was reelected to the Senate in 1980. In 1984, he ran for President but the Democratic nomination went to Walter Mondale. Glenn was a popular senator and was re-elected several more times.

In 1998, Glenn flew on the . He is the oldest person to fly in space and the only sitting US Senator to fly in space. He retired from the Senate in 1999. He helped set up the John Glenn School of Public affairs at Ohio State University. President Barack Obama gave him the Medal of Freedom in 2012.

On April 6, 1943, Glenn married his childhood sweetheart, Anna Margaret Castor. They had met in New Concord and played together in the school band. They were the parents of two children. Glenn lived in Columbus, Ohio with his wife.

On December 8, 2016, Glenn died at a medical center after suffering from a "serious medical condition" in Columbus. He was 95 years old.

His body was buried at Arlington National Cemetery on April 6, 2017.


Super OS

Super OS (formerly: Super Ubuntu) is a free Linux distribution. It is a modified version of Ubuntu made with reconstructor. Its main goal is to provide an ‘Out of the Box’ experience, containing various enhancements over Ubuntu. It has the goal of remaining compatible with Ubuntu.


"App Runner" is a script included in "Super OS" that allows any kind of executable or script to be launched without having to use the command line. App Runner was also subject of an article by Lifehacker, saying ""App Runner would come in handy"" and ""there's plenty of scripts and closed-source apps that this would be useful for"".

There is also a Windows tool called "cd2usb" to create Ubuntu and "Super OS" Live USBs. The program is already included in the DVD of "Super OS".

The "RUNZ Framework" is a tool that allows the use of portable apps and something called "SuperDebs" (an installer with a .deb file + its dependencies that can be installed offline) in "Super OS". It is already included in "Super OS 9.04 SP 0.1+"

In addition to the official Ubuntu repositories, Super OS also includes its own repositories, which include third-party software like Adobe Reader, Skype, Real Player, TrueCrypt, PeaZip, Google Chrome or Ubuntu calendar, but also include tools/software developed by "hacktolive", like App Runner and RUNZ.

"Super OS" has been received mainly with positive reviews, with softpedia saying ""it is a distribution with super powers […] [due to] the inclusion of applications, tools and technologies that are missing from a standard Ubuntu"". "Super OS" (still with the name "Super Ubuntu" at the time), was also Lifehacker's "featured download" saying ""It's basically just a re-compiled version of the official Ubuntu distribution, but with a whole bunch of features included that save you the time of grabbing them yourself""."Super OS" is also the OS that the Helios project (a non-profit organization to give away computers to children without the money to buy them) pre-loads on most of the computers they give away. , Super OS is in the top 100 of the page hit ranking of DistroWatch.



Sahelanthropus

Sahelanthropus tchadensis is a fossil hominid. From evidence at the fossil site in Chad in the African Sahel, it is thought to have lived about 7 million years ago. 

The split of the line into humans and chimpanzees (known as "human-chimpanzee divergence") probably happened between 6.3 and 5.4 million years ago. This can be seen from genetic data. Because the fossil is older than this spilt, its status is unclear. The first fossil found is known as "Toumaï" today.
Some fossils, a cranium (skull), five pieces of jaw, and some teeth, make up a head that has features that are like both modern and primitive humans. The braincase is only 340 cm³ to 360 cm³ in volume, about the same as chimpanzees. It is much less than the human volume of about 1350 cm³.

The teeth and structure of the face are very different from Homo sapiens. The cranium found is damaged, it is very distorted, so no 3D computer reconstruction has been made. There are no bones other than parts of the skull. It is unknown if "Sahelanthropus tchadensis" was bipedal (walked on two legs). The placement of the foramen magnum suggests they were, though. Its canine wear is similar to other Miocene apes.

"Sahelanthropus" may be an ancestor of both humans and chimpanzees; no consensus has been reached yet by the scientific community. The difficulty is caused by its "mosaic of primitive and derived features". Probably it lived in semi-open woodland and savannah, rather than the rainforest of present-day apes.

Another possibility is that Toumaï is related to both humans and chimpanzees, but is the ancestor of neither. Brigitte Senut and Martin Pickford, the discoverers of "Orrorin tugenensis", suggested that the features of "S. tchadensis" are consistent with a female proto-gorilla. Even if this claim is upheld, the find would still be significant, for at present few chimpanzee or gorilla ancestors have been found anywhere in Africa. Thus, if "S. tchadensis" is an ancestral relative of the chimpanzees (or gorillas), it represents the first known member of "their" lineage. 

Furthermore, "S. tchadensis" does indicate that the last common ancestor of humans and chimpanzees is unlikely to resemble chimpanzees very much, as had been previously supposed by some paleontologists.

The fauna found at the site suggest an age of more than 6 million years, as these species were probably extinct already by that time.

One study has suggested a much earlier split between the line which led to modern apes, and the line which led to modern humans.
The complete mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) molecule of the baboon "Papio hamadryas" was sequenced and included in a molecular analysis of 24 complete mammalian mtDNAs. The aim of the study was to time the divergence between the Old World monkeys (Cercopithidae) and the Hominoidea. That divergence, at 30 million years ago (mya), was a reference point for the split between chimpanzee, and "Homo" at 5 mya. 

In the later study by Arnason and colleagues, two independent nonprimate molecular references were used. These two references suggested that the Cercopithecoidea/Hominoidea divergence took place >50 mya. Also, all hominoid divergences receive a much earlier dating. Thus, the estimated date of the divergence between "Pan" (chimpanzee) and "Homo" is 1013 mya and that between "Gorilla" and the "Pan"/"Homo" linage approximately 17 mya. The same datings were obtained in an analysis of clocklike evolving genes.




Remastersys

Remastersys is a free software/open source (GPL) script for Linux distributions. Users can:


The Unknown Comic

Murray Langston (born 1945, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada) is a Canadian comedian and writer. His television work includes "The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour", "Make Me Laugh", and "The Gong Show".

Langston is best known, oddly enough, as The Unknown Comic – a comedian who appears onstage wearing a paper bag over his head. He first appeared as the Unknown Comic on "The Gong Show". He did not want his true identity known, because an appearance on an amateur show could have hurt his comedy career, when he was already well-known.

Audiences liked the Unknown Comic, and Langston began to appear as that character on other shows, and in live performances. In time, Langston was as famous for the character as for himself. When he was finally unmasked in public (on a television show called "Real People"), the two careers became one. Langston has performed both as himself and as the Unknown Comic ever since.

Langston partly retired from his career during the 1990s, to focus on raising his daughter.

Australopithecine

The term Australopithecine ('australos' for short) refers to any species in the related genera "Australopithecus" or "Paranthropus". These genera occurred in the Pliocene–Pleistocene era, and were bipedal. The arrangement of their teeth, especially the dental arcade, was similar to humans. They did not have the large canine teeth characteristic of present-day apes.

They had a brain size not much larger than modern apes, lacking the large brain of the genus "Homo". They were mainly bipedal, but probably capable of climbing and living at least partly in trees. Their arms were longer in proportion to their bodies, and this also suggests their inherited capacity to move above the ground. The efficiency of their walking is difficult to estimate, but they were not so well adapted to bipedalism as humans. The males were much larger than the females, which suggests a family arrangement with a dominant male and several females, as with modern apes. Nothing is known for certain about their use of tools.

They are in the hominins,and appeared in the late Miocene.


When used alone, the term refers to both genera together. "Australopithecus" is sometimes referred to as the "gracile (slender) australopithecines", while "Paranthropus" are also called the "robust australopithecines".

Other genera:

A likely ancestor of the australopithecines is the "Ardipithecus" genus, which lived in East Africa. The genus "Homo" (humans), appears about 2.4 million years ago with "Homo habilis". Australos moved into mixed savannah/woodland habitats as the climate cooled in the later Miocene. This explains their adaptations to walking or walking plus climbing. It also explains the changes to their diet and teeth, though not in detail. The great increase in brain size of modern man began with the genus "Homo": it did not start with the australos.

The australopithecines according to Briggs & Crowther.

Sahara pump theory

The Sahara Pump Theory attempts to explain how plants and animals from Africa moved into the Middle East and then Europe and Asia. 

At the time, Africa was rainier than it is today, and the Sahara was wetter, with bigger lakes and more rivers. 

African rainy periods are associated with a "wet Sahara" phase, during which larger lakes and more rivers exist. This causes changes in the type of animals found in the area. 

Regardless of the aridity of the greater Sahara, migration along the river corridor was halted when, during a desert phase 1.8-0.8 million years ago, the Nile ceased to flow completely and possibly flowed only temporarily in other periods due to Nubian Swell uplift.

During the periods of a wet Sahara, the Sahara and Arabia become a savanna grassland and African flora and fauna become common. During the following dry period, the Sahara reverts to desert conditions usually as a result of the retreat of the West African Monsoon southwards. Evaporation exceeds precipitation, the level of water in lakes like Lake Chad falls, and rivers become dry wadis. 

Flora and fauna previously widespread retreat northwards to the Atlas Mountains, southwards into West Africa, or eastwards into the Nile Valley and thence either south-east to the Ethiopian Highlands and Kenya or north-east across the Sinai into Asia. This separates populations of some of the species in areas with different climates, forcing them to adapt, possibly giving rise to speciation (species splitting).

The Saharan pump has been used to date four waves of human emigration from Africa, namely:


US Airways

US Airways, Inc. was an airline that used to be owned by the US Airways Group, Inc. US Airways was previously known as USAir. It was the sixth largest airline in the United States. Its headquarters were in Tempe, Arizona. US Airways owned 357 large jet aircraft and 329 smaller planes that flew to 240 places in North America, Central America, the Caribbean, Hawaii, and Europe. In May 2008, US Airways had 36,632 people working for them in the world and flew 3,512 flights each day. The US in US Airways stands for "United States".
US Airways had many flights from Charlotte, North Carolina, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Phoenix, Arizona. US Airways also ran smaller numbers of flights from Washington, DC, Las Vegas, Nevada, New York City, and Boston, Massachusetts.
The airline also had the US Airways Shuttle. It's a brand which operates frequent flights between cities in the northeast part of the United States. Other companies operate short flights for US Airways, which are called US Airways Express. After the AA combination, the brand is now known as the "American Shuttle".
In 2005, US Airways combined with America West Airlines, but they kept the US Airways name.

In 2013, US Airways announced it was going to be combined with American Airlines. The combination was completed on April 8, 2015, with the new airline keeping the "American Airlines" name. US Airways had it's last flight on October 16, 2015. 

Northwest Airlines

Northwest Airlines, Inc. (often abbreviated NWA) was a major United States airline. It was headquartered in Eagan, Minnesota, near Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport in the United States. Northwest had three major hubs in the United States: Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, and Memphis International Airport. Northwest also operated flights from a small hub in Asia at Narita International Airport near Tokyo and also operated transatlantic flights in cooperation with their partner KLM from Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam. It also had focus city operations at Indianapolis International Airport and Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.

As of 2006 Northwest was the world's sixth largest airline in terms of domestic and international scheduled passenger miles flown and the U.S.'s sixth largest airline in terms of domestic passenger miles flown. In addition to operating one of the largest domestic route networks in the U.S., Northwest carries more passengers across the Pacific Ocean (5.1 million in 2004) than any other U.S. carrier, and carries more domestic air cargo than any other American passenger airline. It is the only U.S. combination carrier (passenger and cargo service) operating dedicated Boeing 747 freighters. The airline, along with its parent company, Northwest Airlines Corporation and subsidiaries, operated under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection which, in the United States, allows continued operation during the reorganization effort, not stopping flights as in the case in some countries. Northwest emerged from bankruptcy protection on May 31, 2007.

Northwest Airlines' regional flights were operated under the name Northwest Airlink by Mesaba Airlines, Pinnacle Airlines, and Compass Airlines. Its frequent flyer program was WorldPerks. Northwest Airlines' tagline was "Now you're flying smart." 

On April 14, 2008, Northwest announced it would be merging with Delta Air Lines, subject to regulatory review. The merger was officially completed on January 31, 2010. 

JetBlue Airways

JetBlue Airways is an American low-cost airline owned by JetBlue Airways Corporation. The company is headquartered in Long Island City, a neighborhood in New York City. Its main base is John F. Kennedy International Airport. 

In 2001, JetBlue began a focus city operation at Long Beach in Los Angeles County, California. Another was opened at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts in 2004. It also has focus city operations at Fort Lauderdale – Hollywood International Airport, Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport, and Orlando International Airport. The airline mainly serves destinations in the United States, along with flights to the Caribbean, the Bahamas, Bermuda, and Mexico. As of February 2021, JetBlue has 267 airplanes, with 8 on order, and flies to 99 cities. 

Erich Wasicky

Erich Wasicky (May 27, 1911 in Vienna, Austria - May 28, 1947 in Landsberg) was a pharmacist at the Mauthausen concentration camp. He was responsible for killing many inmates.

Wasicky joined the NSDAP and the SS (he had the rank of SS-Sturmbannführer). From 1941 to 1944, he worked in the concentration-camp Mauthausen. He was in charge of choosing victims to be killed, and of poisoning them with the gas Zyklon-B. He also drove trucks that were used for killing people by exhaust gas. Up to 15,000 people had been killed at Mauthausen as well as neighboring Hartheim.

After the end of World War II he was charged with murder by an US-military tribunal, found guilty, and was hanged on May 28, 1947.


Indie pop

Indie pop is a genre of alternative rock which originated in the United Kingdom in the 1980s. Originally and often still a form of independent music, it is closely associated with indie rock, both genres are similar, yet there are differences between both. Indie rock tends to be edgier, rougher and harsher-sounding, contrasting the more melodious indie pop. Indie pop additionally takes influences from 1960s girl group music and power pop, often giving it retro elements, and makes usage of jangly guitars.

In 1986, British music magazine "NME" released a cassette called "C86", which included indie pop and indie rock music; the artists in "C86" made music which was described by About.com as "a twee, amateurish form of home-made music drawing deeply from sunny '60s acts like The Byrds and the Velvet Underground."

Early indie pop bands include The Shop Assistants or The Pastels. More recent bands in the genre include Point blank, Travis, The Research and Maritime.

Travis

Travis are a Scottish Indie pop rock band. They have released many albums including The Man Who, The Invisible band and "The Boy with No Name. "

"Their latest album was released in September of 2013 and is called Where You Stand"

They are best known for their single "Why Does It Always Rain on Me?" from their 1999 release "The Man Who".

Travis were formed in 1993 

The Boy with No Name

The Boy with No Name is an album by Indie pop band Travis and was released in May 2007. The name of this record came from the fact it took Francis Healy (singer) a long time to name his son.

All songs written by Fran Healy, except where noted.
This track uses several lyrics and the overall theme from the 1997 B-side "Standing on My Own" (which was included on the single release of "Tied to the 90's").[3]
Backing vocals provided by Julia Stone.
Backing vocals provided by KT Tunstall.

"Closer" was the first single the band released from this album.

Stuttering

Stuttering or stammering is a speech disorder. Five to six percent of children have a stammer while one percent of adults have a stammer. Men are four times more likely to have a stammer than women. Stammers normally start at 2-6 years and run in families. 

The person knows what they want to say but the flow of their speech may have some of the following features:

Stammering can be very upsetting. Joseph Sheehan compared stuttering to an iceberg, with the visible parts you can hear (overt parts) of stuttering above the waterline, and the larger block of how the person feels (covert parts) invisible below the surface. This may include embarrassment, shame, frustration, fear, anger, and guilt. These feelings may increase stress and effort making the person stammer more. Such negative feelings may be an important part of a treatment program.

Others have reclaimed the negative emotions and experience pride. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuttering_pride

Stutterers are trained to slow down their speaking rate by stretching vowels and consonants. Other methods include soft speech contacts. Many people find their speech does not sound natural at the end of therapy. 

The goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to get rid of stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less stressful. The most widely known approach was made by Charles Van Riper in 1973 and is also known as block modification therapy. Stuttering modification therapy has four stages: 


Life expectancy

Life expectancy is how long a person is expected to live. It is based on many factors such as country and life style including smoking, diet, and exercise.

There are great changes in life expectancy between different parts of the world, mostly caused by differences in public health, medical care and diet. Much of the excess mortality (higher death rates) in poorer nations is due to war, not enough food, and medical conditions or diseases (AIDS, Malaria, etc.). 

Over the past 200 years, countries with black or African populations have generally not had the same improvements in mortality rates that have been enjoyed by other peoples. Even in countries with a majority of white people, such as USA, Britain, Ireland and France, black people tend to have shorter life expectancies than their white counterparts (although the statistics are often not analysed by race). For example, in the U.S. white Americans are expected to live until age 79, but African Americans only until age 75 (as of the year 2013).

Climate may also have an effect, and the way data is collected may also influence the figures. According to the CIA World Factbook, Macau has the world's longest life expectancy of 84.4 years.

There are also significant differences in life expectancy between men and women in most countries, with women typically outliving men by around five years. Economic circumstances also affect life expectancy. For example, in the United Kingdom, life expectancy in the expensive areas like Kensington is several years longer than in the poorest areas such as Glasgow. This may reflect factors such as diet and lifestyle as well as access to medical care. It may also reflect a selective effect: people with chronic life-threatening illnesses are less likely to become wealthy or to live in expensive areas.

The COVID-19 pandemic reduced life expectancy in Europe by more than a year. 

Autrans

Autrans is a village near Grenoble. About 1,541 people live there. It is a well-known ski resort. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Autrans-Méaudre-en-Vercors.

Claron McFadden

Claron McFadden (born 1961) is an American soprano singer. She became known because she sang in the opera "Lulu" by Alban Berg, at Glyndebourne Festival Opera.

Demosthenes

Demosthenes (384–322 BC, , Dēmosthénēs) was a Greek statesman and orator from ancient Athens. His speeches show the height of classical Athenian skill at speaking. They also show us lots about the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC. Demosthenes learned rhetoric by studying the speeches of previous great orators. He delivered his first law court speeches when he was twenty. He argued effectively to gain from his guardians what was left of his inheritance. For a time, Demosthenes made his living as a professional speech-writer and a lawyer, writing speeches for use in private legal suits.

At the age of 21, Demosthenes took the job of the commander of warships in Athens.

Demosthenes grew interested in politics during the time he wrote speeches for others. In 354 BC he gave his first public political speeches. He went on to devote his most productive years to opposing Macedon's expansion. He idealized his city and tried throughout his life to restore Athens' supremacy and motivate the rest of the Athenians against Philip II of Macedon. He sought to preserve his city's freedom and to establish an alliance against Macedon, in an unsuccessful attempt to impede Philip's plans to expand his influence southwards by conquering all the Greek states. After Philip's death, Demosthenes played a leading part in his city's uprising against the new King of Macedon, Alexander the Great. However, his efforts failed and the revolt was met with a harsh Macedonian reaction. To prevent a similar revolt against his own rule, Alexander's successor, Antipater, sent his men to track Demosthenes down. Demosthenes took his own life, in order to avoid being arrested by Archias, Antipater's confidant.

The "Alexandrian Canon" compiled by Aristophanes of Byzantium and Aristarchus of Samothrace recognized Demosthenes as one of the ten greatest Attic orators and speech writers. According to Longinus, Demosthenes "perfected to the utmost the tone of lofty speech, living passions, copiousness, readiness, speed". Cicero acclaimed him as "the perfect orator" who lacked nothing, and Quintilian extolled him as "lex orandi" ("the standard of oratory") and that "inter omnes unus excellat" ("he stands alone among all the orators").

Mexicali

Mexicali is a city in Mexico. It is in the north of the country and across the border from California in the United States. It is the capital city of Baja California. Mexicali is the farthest north city of Latin America. About 903,000 people live there. Many of them are Hispanic.

Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs

Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs is an animated movie. It's the sequel to "", and is the second "Futurama" movie. It takes place right after the events of "Bender's Big Score", and is about a giant monster who is in love with the entire universe. It has two sequels that were released, the first called "", and then "".

Everyone is worried and afraid of the rift in space that was opened at the end of "Bender's Big Score".


Mobile (song)

"Mobile" is a song by Avril Lavigne. It was only released in Australia and New Zealand.

"Mobile" was only released in Australia and New Zealand. "Mobile" started its chart position at #36 on the New Zealand Singles Chart, climbing up to #26 in its fifth week. The song was also released in South Africa as an airplay single.

Don't Tell Me

"Don't Tell Me" is a 2004 song by Avril Lavigne. It is from her album "Under My Skin". On April 27, 2004, it was released as the first single off of that album.

Australian CD single



Japan CD single



The song did well on charts, climbing to number twenty-two in the United States, at number ten in Australia, at number six in Spain, at number five in the UK.

EasyJet

EasyJet Airline Company Limited, styled as easyJet, is a British low cost airline founded in 1995. Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou started the airline in 1995. He was in charge of EasyJet until 2002. Starting in 2003, EasyJet opened many bases at airports throughout Europe. As of 2016, EasyJet is based at London Luton Airport. EasyJet currently has 26 bases and its largest base is at London Gatwick Airport. It is the second largest low-fare airline in Europe. It flies domestic and international scheduled services. It has 387 routes between 104 European and north African airports. As of 2022, EasyJet has 13,000 employees.

EasyJet was featured in the television series "Airline".

Joystick

A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling. 

The joystick has been the principal flight control column in the cockpit of many aircraft, particularly military fast jets, where center stick or side-stick location may be employed. Joysticks are also used for controlling machines such as cranes, trucks, underwater unmanned vehicles and zero turning radius lawn mowers. 

Joysticks are often used to control video games, and usually have one or more push-buttons whose state can also be read by the computer. A popular variation of the joystick used on modern video game consoles is the analog stick. Miniature finger-operated joysticks have been adopted as input devices for smaller electronic equipment such as mobile phones. 

Nobody's Home

"Nobody's Home" is Avril Lavigne's third single from her second album "Under My Skin". Daniel Stern played guitar for it. It was produced by Lavigne and Don Gilmore.

The song was written by Lavigne and Ben Moody, ex-member of Evanescence. It is a "rock ballad".

Futurama: Bender's Big Score

Futurama: Bender's Big Score is a 2007 American direct-to-video adult animated comedy movie, and the first "Futurama" movie. It was followed by "", and will have two more sequels called "" and "". It was the first thing done with "Futurama" since it was cancelled in 2005.


Futurama: Bender's Game

Futurama: Bender's Game is the third movie in the "Futurama" movie series after "" and "". The fourth movie is called "". It's about the characters of "Futurama" getting trapped in a medieval world in a board game based on "Dungeons & Dragons".

Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder

Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder is the fourth and last movie in the "Futurama" movie series. The first three are "", "", and "". Not much is known yet.

Harpo Marx

Arthur Marx (previously Adolph Marx), also called Harpo Marx (November 23, 1888 – September 28, 1964), was one of the Marx Brothers. While acting, he did not speak, and only used horns, whistles, and other props. He taught himself to play the harp and became a good player. This is why he was nicknamed "Harpo". He played the harp in most of his movies and also wore a red wig.

He died after a heart attack.

Klaus Barbie

Klaus Barbie (25 October 1913 – 25 September 1991) was an SS-"Hauptsturmführer", soldier, and Gestapo member. He is known as the "Butcher of Lyon" because of the war crimes he committed in France during World War II. He lived in Bolivia from 1951 until he was extradited (moved by government order) to France in 1983. From 1984-1987, he was tried and convicted of, and sentenced to life imprisonment for, crimes against humanity. He remained in prison until he died of leukemia in Lyon. 

Mega Man X2

Mega Man X2, called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Super NES game console.

Mega Man X (video game)

Mega Man X, called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Super NES game console. It is the first game in the "Mega Man X" series, a spin-off of the "Mega Man" series.

Animal Crossing (video game)

"This article is about the first game in the series. For the video game series, see Animal Crossing."

Animal Crossing, known as in Japan, is a life simulation video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 and Nintendo GameCube game consoles. It was only released on the Nintendo 64 in Japan in 2001. In 2002, it was released in North America, Europe, and Australia for the Nintendo GameCube. It supports the GameCube-Game Boy Advance link cable and the e-Reader items and has emulated Nintendo Entertainment System games in it as items. That means that the player can replay old NES games within the game itself.

The player moves into a village where everyone is an animal. Only the player is human. Only four people can move to the village and live in their own house. They have to pay money (called "bells") for the house, and when they did it the house will get bigger. Bells can be earned by fishing, catching insects, selling things and other ways. The players can buy the things they like from Tom Nook (a racoon who has got a shop in the village) and put them in their houses. If their house looks nice, they get points and things from the HRA (Happy Room Academy). They also can buy clothes. The game is played in real time and has no ending. You can visit the villages of other players by using their Memory Card.

The animals are different. There are different kinds of animals (for example cats, mice or dogs) and different characters (for example lazy, active...)

The player can choose between a male and female look.

Tom Nook is a racoon who has got a shop called "Nook's Cranny" where you can buy things for your house or clothes. If you buy many things it gets bigger. You work there at the beginning of the game to pay for your house.

Mable and Sable are two hedgehogs who have a shop called "Able Sisters" where players can make their own clothes.

Tortimer is an old turtle who is the mayor of the village in "Animal Crossing: Population Growing", "Animal Crossing: Wild World", and "Animal Crossing: City Folk" (Known in EU as: Let's go to the City!) In "Animal Crossing: New Leaf", you are the mayor.

Pelly and Phyllis are two pelicans who work at the post. You can send letters to the villagers.

Resetti is an angry mole. He comes when you reset the game and don't save it.

K.K. Slider is a dog who comes to the train station every Saturday evening at 8.00 pm. He sings songs. You can take them to your house and listen to them there.

At some days there are special things in Animal Crossing, some of them like days in real life, for example Christmas, Halloween, or Thanksgiving. Some are special events which are only in the game like fishing competitions. Sometimes you can get special items at days like that, for example Christmas clothes and furniture.

Gerd Müller

Gerhard "Gerd" Müller (November 3, 1945 – August 15, 2021) was a German footballer. He played for FC Bayern München and the Germany national team. He was the best striker at his times and still owns many scoring records.

He started playing football for TSV 1861 Nördlingen, where he scored in the 1962/63 season 180 out of 204 goals. From 1964 he played for FC Bayern München. In his first season for Bayern München he scored in 26 matches 33 goals. From 1965 till 1979 he scored in 427 Bundesliga matches and scored 365 goals. This record is still existing. From 1979 till 1982 he played in the US-professional league for Ford Lauderdale Strikers and Smiths Brothers Lounge.

He started his international career on 12 October 1966 in Ankara versus Turkey. In his second match versus Albania he scored his first four of his 68 goals in the national team. He was member of the 1970 FIFA World Cup team. With ten goals he was the best scorer in this tournament. 1972 Germany won the European Championship and Müller was again the best scorer of this tournament. 1974 he won with Germany the FIFA World Cup where he scored the second goal in the 2:1 victory over the Netherlands. After this tournament he resigned from the team.


On 6 October 2015, it was announced that Müller was suffering from Alzheimer's disease. He died on 15 August 2021 at a nursing home in Wolfratshausen, Germany, aged 75.




453||398||62||78||74||66||589||542
80||40||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||80||40
533||438||62||78||74||66||669||582

!Total||62||68


Gebenhofen

Gebenhofen is a village near Augsburg, Germany. It looks like people settled there in the Merowingian era (7th century). Today, about 500 people live in the village. It is a member of the gemeinde Affing and can be found in the Landkreis Aichach Friedberg (Regierungsbezirk Schwaben).

Brassicaceae

Brassicaceae is a family of plants including mustard, wasabi, and horseradish. They are also called the mustard family, or cabbage family. Some plants in this family are hot when you eat them, so they are used as spices. Another group includes the cabbages, where there are broccoli, cauliflower, and cabbage. Another name for this family is Cruciferae.

The flowers of this family have four petals and look like a cross. The name comes from the genus in it, Brassica.

Amputation

Amputation is the act of cutting off a part of the human body, sometimes because of medical reasons. In some countries, amputation of the hands, feet or other body parts was used as a form of punishment for people who committed crimes. A person who has had an arm or leg removed is known as an amputee.


Ned Kelly (2003 movie)

Ned Kelly is a 2003 Australian movie directed by Gregor Jordan. The movie shows the life of Ned Kelly who was a famous bushranger in Australia. The movie is based on Robert Drewe's book "Our Sunshine".

Most of the filming was done at the Little River Earth Sanctuary, Mount Rothwell, near Geelong. Street scenes were filmed in Clunes and Ballarat. Other locations include Broadford, Glenfern, Hepburn Springs and Melbourne.



Turban

The turban is a piece of clothing - a type of headwear based on cloth winding. It is worn by people of the Sikh religion.

Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah

Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah a.k.a Said ibn Husayn (Arabic: عبيد الله بن الحسين المهدي) is considered the founder of the Fatimid dynasty, the only major Shi'ite caliphate in Islam. He established Fatimid rule throughout much of North Africa. He ruled from 909 to 934.

After establishing himself as the first Imam of the Fatimid dynasty he made claim to genealogic origins dating as far back as Fatimah, the daughter of the Prophet of Islam, Muhammad, through Husayn, Fatimah's son, and Ismail. It was at this time as well that he changed his name to Ubaydallah Al-Mahdi.


750

750 was a common year.

Amir al-Mu'minin

Amir al-Mu'minin () is usually translated "Commander of the Faithful", but "Leader of the Believers" might be a better translation. It is the Arabic style of Caliphs and other independent sovereign Muslim rulers that claim legitimacy from a community of Muslims. It has been claimed as the title of rulers in Muslim countries and empires and is still used for some Muslim leaders.

Abu Bakr, the First Rashidun Caliph, is not reported to have ever conferred this title. He had the title of "Khalifa Rasulullah" rather than "Amir al-Mu'minin." On his accession in 634, Umar ibn Khattab, the Second Rashidun Caliph, was given the title. According to At-Tabaqat al Kubra, When Abu Bakr died, Muslims of the time said: “We are the Mu'minin (Believers/Faithful) and Umar is our Amir (Commander).” After this, the title Amir al-Mu'minin was held by Umar ibn Khattab who was also the first caliph to be given this title. Some Shia Muslims claim that Amir al-Mu'minin was used for Ali during Muhammad era. It has also been adopted by various Caliphs of the succeeding Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties, as well as by some contemporary Arab monarchs.


Middle Persian

Middle Persian is the Iranian dialect of southwestern Khuzestan, Lorestan, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari provinces in Iran. During the Sassanid times (224-654 CE) it became a prestige dialect. It came to be spoken in other regions as well. Middle Persian is classified as Western Iranian language. It comes from Old Persian and is the ancestor of Modern Persian. 

The native name for Middle Persian (and perhaps for Old Persian also) was "Pārsik". The word is the origin of the native name for the Modern Persian language.

Devil's Dyke

Devil's Dyke, or Devil's Ditch is an earthwork in Cambridgeshire, England. A few parts of Bronze Age broken pots have been found there.

Scranton, Pennsylvania

Scranton is a city in Pennsylvania. It is the county seat of Lackawanna County. The city had a population of 76,328 people in 2020. 46th U.S. President Joe Biden was born here.

Scranton was first settled in 1776 by Lenape Indians. Over time, settlers from New England began to move to Scranton. They built mills and other small businesses. The village was known as Slocum Hollow. In 1845, Scranton started to manufacture iron and steel. The iron was used for making rails. Scranton became a leading maker of iron rails. A railroad was founded in 1851. It was built to move iron and coal.

Scranton became a borough in 1856. In 1866, Scranton was made a city when Hyde Park and Providence joined together with the Borough of Scranton. The city had 35,000 people living in it. In 1866, a streetcar system was built. It was the first in the United States. Scranton got the nickname "The Electric City" because of this. In the late 1890s, Scranton had several minor league baseball teams.

The United States Census said that Scranton had a population of 102,026 people in the year 1900. This made it the 38th largest city in the United States. In the 1900s, Scranton was known for its many Victorian-style houses.

In 1901, the iron industry in Scranton moved to Lackawanna, New York. Scranton lost one of its main industries. In the next 25 years, many people from Eastern Europe moved to Scranton. Two years later, the Laurel Line railroad opened up, making it easy to go to Wilkes-Barre, south. After World War II, coal began being replaced with cleaner fuels such as oil and gas causing Scranton to diminish. There wasn't as much coal being made, and not as many trains passed through. The streetcar system stopped in 1954, and a year later, the city was flooded after Hurricane Diane. 80 people died. The NYO&W freight railroad stopped going to Scranton in 1957.

The Knox Mine Disaster of 1959 wiped out the mining industry as the Susquehanna River flooded most of the mines in Northeastern Pennsylvania. The local DL&W railroad, nearly out of money, merged with the Erie Railroad in 1960. In the 1960s and 1970s, the silk and textile industries was getting smaller as they moved South or overseas. In the 1970s and 1980s, the downtown shops lay empty as it was best to shop in suburban malls. However, in the 1980s, the people of Scranton started revitalizing the city. Old places were marketed as tourist attractions. There is a historic site commemorating the city's railroad history, a hotel at the former DL&W Railroad station and a trolley museum. Some more modern attractions are a ski resort, the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees (a minor league baseball team) and a concert venue. Also, popular sitcom "The Office" is set in Scranton.

Umayya ibn Abd Shams

Umayya ibn Abd Shams is the man, the clan of Banu Umayyad is named after. Umayya was the adopted son of Abd Shams ibn Abd Manaf and the father of Harb ibn Umayya and Abu al-'As.

Abd Manaf ibn Qusai

Abd Manaf ibn Qusai (Arabic: ) is the person, whom the clan of Banu Abd Manaf is named after. His father was Qusai ibn Kilab.

When his father died, he took charge of his work. He too distinguished himself by his ability, and he was famous for his generosity and good judgment. 

He had five sons: Nawfal, Abd Shams, Hashim (after whom the Banu Hashim clan was named) and Muttalib . Muttalib was younger than Hashim, and became his successor.


660

660 was a leap year.



Ghazi Tehsil

Ghazi Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Haripur District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The tehsil, headquartered at the town of Ghazi, is itself divided into 7 Union Councils.

Haripur Tehsil

Haripur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil), of Haripur District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils.

Lahor

Lahor is a town and tehsil of Swabi District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The town is a settlement of 35,000 people and is west of Swabi, on the northern bank of the Indus River. Lahor is surrounded by Yar Hussain, Tordher, Ambar and the Indus River.

Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil

Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Mandi Bahauddin is the headquarters of the tehsil.


Necronomicon

The Necronomicon is a fictional book of magic created by the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. It is a Greek-sounding word commonly translated as "book of dead names". It is pronounced "neck-ro-nom-ih-kon". Like most of his ideas, the "Necronomicon" came to Lovecraft in his dreams. Lovecraft let his friends write stories about the "Necronomicon". Eventually, fake "Necronomicon"s were written.

According to Lovecraft, the "Necronomicon" was written in the eighth century by a crazy Arabian man named Abdul Alhazred. Alhazred (who was also fictional) practiced evil magic. He assembled a collection of evil spells into a manuscript (a book with loose pages and no cover) which he called "Al Azif". Lovecraft said this as an Arabian phrase for a scary sound, like a scream. Later, the original manuscript was translated into Greek. It was given the title "Necronomicon". Olaus Wormius (a real person) then translated the Greek version into Latin. John Dee (also real) translated the "Necronomicon" into English. Lovecraft liked to mix in real people and places in his fiction. This made the stories seem more real. Some people were fooled into thinking what he wrote was true.

Since Lovecraft's death, several authors have written their own versions of the "Necronomicon". They are the author's imagination of what the "Necronomicon" would be like, if it were real. A few claim to be the actual "Necronomicon". The most famous case of a "real" "Necronomicon" is the "Simon" "Necronomicon". Simon is a fake name. It was published in the 1970s. The "Simon" "Necronomicon" is based on Sumerian mythology. It has nothing to do with H. P. Lovecraft's fiction. Some people dislike the "Simon" "Necronomicon". They do not like that it pretends to be real. Sometimes, people believe it to be real. Simon has written several books about the "Necronomicon"'s "discovery". 

Here are some hoax Necronomicons (books that the authors claim are the real Necronomicon):




Here are some books that are the authors' imaginations of what the Necronomicon might be like:




Here are all the books by Simon about the "Necronomicon":





Occult

Occult refers to an area of knowledge or thought that is hidden. The word occult has many uses in the English language. Often it means knowledge that lies outside the range of normal experience or scientific explanation. The term sometimes means knowledge meant only for certain people or knowledge that must be kept hidden. For most occultists it is the study of a deeper spiritual reality.

The term occult is also used as a label given to a number of magical organizations or orders, and the teachings and practices as taught by them. The name also extends to a large body of literature and spiritual philosophy.

Occultism is the study of occult. It can involve such subjects as magic (alternatively spelled and defined as magick), extra-sensory perception, astrology, spiritualism, numerology and lucid dreaming. There is often a strong religious element to these studies and beliefs, and many occultists profess adherence to religions such as Gnosticism, Hermeticism, Satanism, Thelema, and Neopaganism. While Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Islam are generally not considered as occult, some of their modern interpretations can be, such as the interpretation of Hinduism within Theosophy or the various occult interpretations of the Jewish Kabbalah.

Alchemy, is considered an occult practice. Alchemy used to be common among scientists, such as Isaac Newton. During the Age of Enlightenment alchemy and science went their separate ways. Newton was accused of introducing occult agencies into natural science when he proposed that gravity was a force capable of acting over vast distances.



Pandemic Studios

Pandemic Studios was a video game developer that was started in 1998. It became owned by Electronic Arts from 2007 to 2009. It was an Australian and American company, with offices in Brisbane and Los Angeles.

Pandemic Studios developed the first two main titles of the successful series; those were "" and "". It also developed "Full Spectrum Warrior", the "Mercenaries" series, and the last game in the "Army Men" series.

Their office in Brisbane was closed in February 2009. In November 2009, Electronic Arts cut a total of 1,500 jobs, including at Pandemic. The company was officially closed on 17 November 2009. The rest of the staff were moved to EA Los Angeles to support "Mercs Inc", a sequel to the "Mercenaries" series.


Ghost town

A ghost town is a name for a city or town in which no one lives anymore. It can happen because of economical reasons (for instance, a town of gold miners who cannot find gold anymore), a natural disaster (a flood, a very long drought) or even a man-made disaster (for example, the nuclear fallout that emptied the town of Prypiat, Ukraine). 

Some ghost towns are kept intact as tourist attractions. For example Craco, in the Italian region of Basilicata, is a destination for tourists and pilgrims, as well as a famous movie set for movies like "The Passion of the Christ" by Mel Gibson and "Quantum of Solace" by Marc Forster.

Rain dance

A rain dance is a ceremonial dance. It is performed by people who believe it will cause rain and keep their harvest safe.

Many different types of "rain dances" can be found in many cultures, from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes. In the 20th century Balkans, a ritual known as Paparuda (Romanian) or Perperuna (Slavic) is a type of rain dance.

The Cherokee tribe, an ethnic Native American tribe from the Southeastern United States used rain dances to both create rain and to remove evil spirits from the earth. The legend of the tribe says that the rain created has the spirits of the former leaders of the tribe. During the rain, these spirits fight the evil spirits in a place between our reality and the spirit world. These raindances are also seen as acts of worship.

Julia M. Butree in her book, describes the "Rain Dance of Zuni" and other Native American dances

Feathers and turquoise are worn during the dance. They symbolize wind and rain. Many traditions of the Rain Dance are passed down through history by people telling their children about them in stories.

In an early type of meteorology, Native Americans in the midwestern parts of modern United States often tracked and followed known weather patterns. They would do a raindance for settlers in return for trade items. This is best known to happen among Osage and Quapaw Indian tribes of Missouri and Arkansas.

Louse

Lice (singular: louse), are wingless insects that live in hair. They are all external parasites on every species of bird and most mammalian orders. They are not found on Monotremes and a few eutherian orders, namely bats (Chiroptera), whales, dolphins and porpoises (Cetacea) and pangolins (Pholidota). There are more than 3,000 different species; three are classified as human lice.

Lice spend their whole life on the host. They are adapted to keep close contact with the host. These adaptations are reflected in their size (0.5–8 mm), stout legs, and claws which are adapted to clinging tightly to hair, fur and feathers. They are also wingless and flattened.

Lice feed on skin (epidermal) debris, feather parts, sebaceous secretions and blood. A louse's color varies from pale beige to dark grey; however, if feeding on blood, it may become considerably darker.

A louse's egg is commonly called a "nit". Lice attach their eggs to their host's hair with specialized saliva which results in a bond that is very difficult to separate without specialized products. Living lice eggs tend to be pale white. Dead lice eggs are more yellow. Lice are very annoying and are difficult to remove, but not impossible. The process is called "nit-picking", and is often done with a close-toothed metal comb. For humans, anti-insect shampoos are available.

The order has traditionally been divided into two suborders; the "sucking lice" (Anoplura) and "chewing lice" (Mallophaga). Four suborders are now recognised:


It has been suggested that the order is contained by the Troctomorpha suborder of Psocoptera. What this means is that lice may have evolved from free-living species of that group.

Humans are unique in that they host three different species of lice: head lice, body lice (which live mainly in clothing), and pubic lice. The DNA differences between head lice and body lice provide corroborating evidence that humans started wearing clothes at approximately 70,000 BCE.

Recent DNA evidence suggests that pubic lice spread to the ancestors of humans approximately 3.3 million years ago from the ancestors of gorillas by sharing the same bed or other communal areas with them, and are more closely related to lice endemic to gorillas than to other lice species infesting humans.



The Adventures of Pinocchio

The Adventures of Pinocchio () is a story by Carlo Collodi. It was first published as a serial in a children's magazine between 1881-1883. The serial ended tragically with the death of Pinocchio. It was published as a book in 1883 with black and white illustrations by Enrico Mazzanti. "Pinocchio" tells the story of a puppet named "Pinocchio" who wants to become a real boy. The book has been adapted to movies.


Mandi Bahauddin

Mandi Bahauddin is the capital of Mandi Bahauddin District in Punjab, Pakistan.

Thumper

Thumper may mean:

in fictional characters:

Talagang

Talagang is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Talagang District .

Arra, Chakwal

Arra is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil.

Balkassar

Balkassar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°55'60N 72°39'0E. Also, Balkassar is famous for its 'Rain of Flaming Dogs' ceremony which happens once in a year.

Balokassar

Balokassar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil. 

Basharat

Basharat is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°47'0N 73°6'0E

Terry Goodkind

Terry Goodkind (January 11, 1948 – September 17, 2020) was an American writer from the U.S. state of Nebraska. He was known for writing fantasy books. His most famous book is called "Wizard's First Rule" which is part of the "The Sword of Truth" series. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

Goodkind died on September 17, 2020 in Boulder City, Nevada at the age of 72.

Begal

Begal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°2'57N 72°39'11E

Bharpur

Bharpur is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°51'0N 72°34'0E

Bheen

Bheen is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Bhilomar

Bhilomar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 32°44'0N 72°26'0E.

Bhoun

Bhoun is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Bidher

Bidher is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.

Buchal Kalan

Buchal Kalan is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Kallar Kahar Tehsil.

Budhial

Budhial is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. Budhial village is about 25 kilometres from Talagang at 32°59'0″N 72°11'0″E.

Chak Malook

Chak Malook is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°58'0N 72°57'0E.

Chak Umra

Chak Umra is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Choa Ganj Ali Shah

Choa Ganj Ali Shah is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 73°6'0E.

Choa Saidanshah

Choa Saidan shah is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is at 32°43'0N 72°59'0E. It is named after a man who was a famous Sufi. It's famous for its springs and lakes. Choa Saidan Shah is one of the few villages that have facilities like hospitals, schools, and colleges.
There are many famous people, like Umar Haseeb, a famous footballer.
The Awans tribe dominates the area. Other tribes include Rajputs and Gujar. 

It is considered a PML(N) stronghold. PTI's future looks bright here.

Dab, Chakwal

Dab is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33° 0' 0" N 72° 52' 0" E. The village is the birthplace of the Victoria Cross winner Khudadad Khan and is also known to have given a high number of volunteers to the British Indian Army and the British war effort during the First World War.

Dalwal

Dalwal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°42'0N 72°53'0E

Dandot

Dandot (ڈنڈوت) is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°39'0N 72°58'0E

Dhoular

Dhoular is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. and is part of Talagang Tehsil. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan its total population was about 6,500.

Dhudial

Dhudial is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil. It is one of the largest villages of Chakwal District and is located at 33°3'52N 72°58'24E about 70km south of the capital Islamabad.

The following are the majority tribe population.

Dhurnal

Dhurnal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 32° 48' 0"N 72° 6' 0"E.

Dullah

Dullah is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.

Dulmial

Dulmial is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°44'0N 72°55'0E.

Dumman

Dumman is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Jabbi Shah Dilawar

Jabbi Shah Dilawar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at .

Jand, Chakwal

Jand is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°4'0N 73°8'0E.

Jand Khanzada

Jand Khanzada is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°56'0N 73°6'0E. The name means "village of Khanzada".

University of Texas at Austin

The University of Texas at Austin is a public university in Austin, Texas. It is one of the largest universities in the United States, with almost 50,000 students. It was founded in 1883.

Texas' athletics teams are called the Longhorns. Texas has 18 varsity teams and they compete in the Big 12 Conference.

Jassial

Jassial is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 33°1'40N 72°23'34E.

Jaswal, Chakwal

Jaswal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 72°58'0E.

Jhatla

Jhatla is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 72°23'0E.

Kallar Kahar

Kallar Kahar is a town and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°47'0N 72°42'0E.

Karsal

Karsal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°2'30N 72°35'7E.

Karyala

Karyala is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°50'0N 72°53'0E.

Texas A&amp;M University

Texas A&M University is a public university in College Station, Texas. It is a large university, with about 65,000 students. It was founded in 1871. It and the University of Texas at Austin are the two largest universities in the state. For many years, everybody at Texas A&M had to take classes about the army, and Texas A&M is one of only six schools in the country that have a "Corps of Cadets." The George H.W. Bush presidential library is at Texas A&M. 

There are other campuses of Texas A&M in Galveston, Laredo, Corpus Christi and Texarkana. There is also a campus in Qatar. 

Texas A&M's athletics teams are called the Aggies. Texas A&M has 18 varsity teams that compete in the Southeastern Conference.


Khairpur, Chakwal

Khairpur is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil. 

Khotian

Khotian is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°46'0N 73°7'0E.

Kot Choudrain

Kot Choudrain is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Kot Gullah

Kot Gullah is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Talagang Tehsil.

Kot Qazi

Kot Gullah is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.

Kot Sarang

Kot Sarang is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 33°2'14N 72°23'11E.

Impala

The impala ("Aepyceros melampus") is a medium-sized African antelope. The name "impala" comes from the Zulu language. Impala belong in the kingdom Animalia, phylum Chordata and class Mammalia. Along with cattle, antelopes, sheep, goats, buffalo and bison, they belong to the family Bovidae.

The impala is reddish-brown with white hair inside the ears, over each eye and on the chin, upper throat, underparts and buttocks. A narrow black line runs along the middle of the lower back to the tail, and a vertical black stripe appears on the back of each thigh. Impalas have unique brushlike tufts of black hair that cover a scent gland located just above the heel on each hind leg.

The impala can jump more than 10 meters distance and 3 meters high, and can reach running speeds of about 80 to 90 km/h, to escape from predators.

Female impala, called ewes, have no horns. But males, the rams, grow curved horns with a notable twisted appearance due to ridges. These horns are black and grow as long as 36 inches.

Impalas are found at grassland and woodland edges, usually very close by water. In Africa, these animals still live throughout Kenya, Botswana, Angola, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, South Africa, Swaziland, Uganda, Zaire and Tanzania. 

Biblical Mount Sinai

The Biblical Mount Sinai is a mountain that was written about in the Old Testament. It was written by Moses that the Ten Commandments were given to him by God on Mount Sinai. The name Horeb is sometimes used to describe Mount Sinai. Tradition places it at Jebel Musa (Mount Moses) in the south of the Sinai Peninsula, but some see it as being further north at the Wadi Sudr.



Reconstructor

Reconstructor is a program that allows anyone to customize an iso image of Ubuntu.




870s

The 870s was a decade that began on 1 January 870 and ended on 31 December 879.


University of the Incarnate Word

The University of the Incarnate Word is a private Catholic university in San Antonio, Texas, United States. There are about 5500 students enrolled and it was founded in 1881.


Texas State University

Texas State University is a public university in San Marcos, Texas, United States. There are about 28,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1899.

The school is the namesake of the Texas State University System, founded in 1911 to govern the state's normal schools (teachers' colleges). The system now has four universities and three two-year colleges.

Texas State's sports teams, nicknamed "Bobcats", are members of the Sun Belt Conference.


Northeastern State University

Northeastern State University (NSU) is a public university with its main campus in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, United States, at the foot of the Ozark Mountains. Tahlequah is also home to the capital of the Cherokee nation of Oklahoma. The university also has two other campuses in Muskogee and Broken Arrow. Northeastern is the oldest institution of higher learning in the state of Oklahoma as well as one of the oldest institutions of higher learning west of the Mississippi River.

Although a school was founded on May 7, 1851, as the "Cherokee National Female Seminary", it was not until Oklahoma became a state that the school now known as Northeastern State University opened.

University of Oklahoma

The University of Oklahoma, abbreviated OU, is a public university in the Norman, Oklahoma, United States. It has about 27,000 students enrolled, and it was started in 1890. David Boren is president of the university.

Oklahoma's athletics teams are called the Sooners. Oklahoma has 19 varsity teams, almost all of which compete in the Big 12 Conference. In men's gymnastics, a sport that the Big 12 does not sponsor, Oklahoma is a member of the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation.


Guitar Hero On Tour: Decades

Guitar Hero On Tour: Decades is a rhythm video game made by Vicarious Visions and published by Activision for the Nintendo DS game console. It's the sequel to "". Players can share songs between the two games. Players can choose more characters including Midori and Clive Winston.

Alien Ant Farm - "Smooth Criminal" |
Blind Melon - "No Rain"|

Metroid Prime 2: Echoes

Metroid Prime 2: Echoes is a first-person adventure video game made by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It is a sequel to "Metroid Prime", and it has a sequel called "".

Metroid Prime 3: Corruption

Metroid Prime 3: Corruption is a first-person adventure video game made by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Wii game console.

This game begins with a meeting between Samus, three other bounty hunters, and the Galactic Federation about a computer virus caused by Phazon infecting their organic supercomputers. The four bounty hunters must try and stop it. But in the middle of the meeting, some Space Pirates crash into the frigate, the GFS Olympus, and stop the meeting. Samus and the other bounty hunters go to stop both the Space Pirates and the virus. They learn a Leviathan meteor is headed for Norion. Samus heads to the planet and brings Generators A and C online, with a different hunter activating Generator B, powering a laser.

As Samus prepares to activate the last generator, Meta Ridley flies in and breaks the floor of the generator area, and Samus is forced to fight him in a long hole down to the planet's core. She eventually beats him, and brings Generator C online, and heads to the control room. Samus meets up with the other Hunters. Samus takes the keyboard of the control pad, and then Dark Samus attacks the bounty hunters, but Samus survives, as does the rest of the bounty hunters. The rest of the bounty hunters fall into a coma, while Samus manages to destroy the asteroid with the laser before she falls into a coma herself.

A month later, Samus finds out that Dark Samus' Phazon based attacks have partially corrupted her. She, along with the other bounty hunters, are fitted with Phazon Enhancement Devices (PED) which allows her to use the Phazon within her. She then finds out that her fellow bounty hunters have gone missing. Samus goes to several planets named Bryyo, Elysia, and the Pirate Homeworld, where she finds that the inhabitants are all slowly being corrupted by the Phazon Leviathans. On these planets, Samus must fight one of the corrupted hunters and the guardian of the Leviathan. After doing that, she learns of the Phazon homeworld, Phaaze.

She then lands on planet Phaaze. Seconds after she lands, Samus's PED Suit is in constant Hyper Mode because Phaaze's atmosphere, pure Phazon, is corrupting her. This causes a somewhat permanent Hypermode. She finds Dark Samus and they fight. Samus wins, causing the destruction of the planet. 

It turned out that Phazze, a planet, was the source of Dark Samus, as well as the source of all Phazon. It would send meteors called "Leviathan Seeds" to some planets, like it did to Tallon IV and Aether, splitting Aether into Light Aether and Dark Aether. It is made of pure Phazon, with gaseous Phazon for its atmosphere, liquid for its "water", and solid for its ground. With its destruction, all the Phazon in the universe is destroyed, even the Phazon in Samus herself.

This is the first Metroid game for the Nintendo Wii, and so the controls have been changed to fit the controller. There is also a unique mode, called "Hyper Mode". The player uses the Nunchuk to move and use the grapple, as well as Morph Ball and Lock on. He or she also uses the Wii remote (commonly called Wiimote) for Hypermode, as well as all weaponry and jumping, and aiming.

Cicada

Cicadas are small insects. They are kinds of true bugs.

The noisy buzz they make is the male calling to the female using his vibrating panels, called "tymbals", on his sides. When the female, who cannot buzz, hears the buzz of a male, she searches for him. After they mate, the female will use her ovipositor to cut a line into the branch of a tree and lay her eggs there. Adult cicadas don't usually bite. They are usually green or black. Cicadas can also be eaten. It is eaten in countries like China.

Cicadas live in temperate to tropical climates where their large size and unique sound makes them well known. Cicadas are often colloquially called locusts, although they are unrelated to true locusts, which are a kind of grasshopper. Cicadas are related to leafhoppers and spittlebugs.

Cicadas are arranged into two families: Tettigarctidae and Cicadidae. There are two living species of Tettigarctidae, one in southern Australia, and the other in Tasmania.

The family Cicadidae is very widespread. They live on all continents except Antarctica. 
The largest cicadas are in the genera "Pomponia" and "Tacua". There are some 200 species in 38 genera in Australia, about 450 in Africa, about 100 in the Palaearctic, and exactly one species in England, the New Forest cicada, "Melampsalta montana", widely distributed throughout Europe. There are about 150 species in South Africa.

Most of the North American species are in the genus "Tibicen": the "annual" or "jar fly" or "dog-day cicadas" (so named because they emerge in late July and August).

The best-known North American genus is "Magicicada". These periodical cicadas have an extremely long life cycle of 13 to 17 years and then emerge in large numbers. The advantage of this arrangement is that the predators are swamped by their numbers, and so most of them survive. There are three species of 17-year periodical cicadas.

Australian cicadas differ from many other types because of that continent's diversity of climate and terrain. In Australia, cicadas are found on tropical islands and cold coastal beaches around Tasmania; in tropical wetlands; high and low deserts; alpine areas of New South Wales and Victoria; large cities like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane; and Tasmanian highlands and snowfields.

Forty-two species from five genera populate New Zealand, and all are endemic to New Zealand and the surrounding islands (Norfolk Island, New Caledonia). Many New Zealand cicada species differ from those of other countries by living high up on mountain tops.

Liège Airport

Liège Airport, also called Liège-Bierset, is an important cargo airport in Belgium. In 2007 it was the 8th busiest cargo airport in Europe and the 38th busiest in the world.

Liège is in the centre of the "golden triangle" Paris – Amsterdam – Frankfurt that handles 66% of European freight, 75% with London added.

The airport is in the northwest of the city of Liège, in the east of Belgium. It is mainly used for freight operation but also serves more than 21 destinations for passengers (mainly charters).

Liège Airport is the world hub of TNT Airways, and the European hub of CAL Cargo Air Lines, El Al Cargo and Ethiopian Cargo (using Southern Air aircraft).

The airport is also used as a regular refuelling stop on New York City – Middle East routes by Kalitta Air (including the Newark – Baghdad route for US mail).


Object (computer science)

In Object-oriented programming, an object is an instance of a Class. Objects are abstractly a collection of "fields". Fields are like variables, with a name and a value. Fields can also be named functions, these fields are called "methods". Fields are usually private, i.e. not visible outside the object. Instead private data is changed by using an "interface", i.e. a bunch of methods.

Suppose there is a bank account; this bank account has a current balance, but it also has a "history" of things that were done. However these fields are private. Rather there are methods like "deposit()" and "withdraw()" and "checkBalance()". Most applications (and other objects) only change this object through this interface. 

Banks usually impose a "credit limit". Suppose, there are 1000 dollars on the account. If the client does not have a special agreement with the bank, he cannot take out more money than there is on the account; so he can withdraw() a maximum of 1000 dollars. He might have an agreement with the bank, so he can borrow money from the bank (but has to pay a fee). In that case, he might be able to withdraw 1500 dollars (or 2000 dollars). So the withdraw method has to do a lot of checks as described above.
The account manager might see the account differently, she might have methods to set the maximum amount that can be taken out of the account, or to set the fee or interest rate that the customer has to pay for the money to be borrowed.

As an object is an instance of a class; it has certain things from that class. It can perhaps be compared to other objects of that class. Two apples, one red and bigger, the other green and smaller. On the other hand: It is not that easy to compare different objects. A green apple does not have much in common with a steel wrench.


Object-oriented design

Object-Oriented Design (OOD) is a way for the designer of a computer program to specify what a computer program will do, using the way that people think and not using the way that computers think. People think in terms of classes and objects. For example, fruit is a class, and there are different kinds of fruits such as bananas and pineapples. If a computer program designer were specifying to a computer programmer how to create a computer program to manage the fruits in a supermarket, then he or she would specify the program in terms of classes and objects which is how people think.

A computer program called a compiler and/or an interpreter would take the program that the programmer typed in and convert it into a form that a computer can run. Computers really only understand things that are encoded as numbers. Object-Oriented-Design (OOD) uses the power and speed of a computer to allow humans to be more productive in making computer programs, by letting human computer programmers think in terms of how humans think.

Odd

Odd may mean:

ODD may mean:

Konkan

Konkan is a part of India. It on the west coast of India. The coastal areas of Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka are all part of Konkan region.
The word "Konkan" means corner (kona) and piece/part of earth (kana).

People in Konkan speak 2 main languages. One is Konkani language. Other is a dialect of Marathi language which is also called Konkani.

Triple J

Triple J is a radio station from Australia. It is funded and owned by the Australian Government through the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. The music played by the station is aimed at youth (usually between 12 and 25 years old) and is usually alternative music. The station started in 1972 as "Double Jay" in Sydney. It can now be heard all around Australia.


Radovan Karadžić

Radovan Karadžić born 19 June 1945 in Petnjica, Montenegro, Yugoslavia was a Bosnia and Herzegovinian politician. He was in charge of part of the Bosnian Genocide. From 1995 to 2008, he was a fugitive. He was arrested on 21 July 2008 in Serbia. In 2016, he was convicted of war crimes.

Karadžić was the child of Vuko and Jovanka Karadžić. His father, Vuko (1912–1987), was a shoemaker. His mother, Jovanka (1922–2005), was a peasant girl from northern Montenegro. Her maiden name was Jovanka Jakić. She married Vuko in 1943, at age twenty.

Karadžić's father was in prison for most of his son's childhood. During World War II, Yugoslavia had been taken over by Nazi Germany and the other Axis countries. Karadžić's father had been a member of the Chetniks. This was an army that supported Yugoslavia's original government. Because he was in this army, he was put in prison after the war.

Karadžić moved to Sarajevo in 1960 to study psychiatry at the Sarajevo University School of Medicine. In 1970, he studied anxiety and depression at Næstved Hospital in Denmark. From 1974 to 1975, he got more medical training at Columbia University in New York City.

After he returned to Yugoslavia, Karadžić worked in the Koševo Hospital (the main hospital in Sarajevo). He was also a poet. Another Serbian writer encouraged him to go into politics.

While he was working in the Koševo Hospital, Karadžić made extra money in illegal ways. For example, healthcare workers who wanted to retire early would pay him to say they were disabled. Karadžić would also lie for prisoners who wanted to avoid punishment by saying they were insane when they committed their crimes.

In 1983, Karadžić started working at a hospital in a suburb of Belgrade called Voždovac. With his partner, Momčilo Krajišnik, Karadžić got a loan that was meant to be used for improving agriculture. Instead, he and his partner used the money to build themselves houses in Pale. Pale was a Serb town above Sarajevo that the government had turned into a ski resort.

On 1 November 1984, the two were arrested for fraud. They spent 11 months in jail before their friend Nikola Koljević paid their bail so they could get out. On 26 September 1985, Karadžić was sentenced to three years in prison for embezzlement and fraud. However, since he had already spent over a year in prison, the court did not make Karadžić spend the rest of his sentence in prison.

In 1989, Karadžić helped create the Serb Democratic Party () in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The party's goal was to bring together the country's Bosnian Serbs.

In September 1991, the "Srpska Demokratska Stranka" began to create areas in Bosnia-Herzegovina that were ruled only by Serbs. On 15 October 1991, the Bosnian parliament voted that they wanted to rule themselves. Nine days later, a separate Serb Assembly was created, to represent only the Serbs in Bosnia and Herzegovina.

On 9 January 1992, the Bosnian Serb Assembly said they had created a new country: the Republic of the Serb people of Bosnia and Herzegovina. On 28 February 1992, the Serb Republic approved its constitution. It also said that it now controlled:

On 6 and 7 April 1992, Europe and the United States accepted that Bosnia was an independent country. Bosnia became a member of the United Nations on 22 May 1992. Karadžić was voted President of this Bosnian Serb government around 13 May 1992. His powers included being in charge of the country's army.

As the head of the Bosnian Serb army, Karadžić was in charge of a campaign to get rid of all the Bosnian Muslims and Croats from villages that the Serbs wanted for themselves.

In 1995, the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) indicted Karadžić for committing war crimes against non-Serbs. The ICTY accused Karadžić of ordering the Srebrenica massacre in 1995, where Karadžić's army murdered more than 7,500 Muslims. They also accused him of many other crimes, including:


Karadžić ran away so he could not be tried for these crimes. Until 2008, he hid. The United States government offered a $5 million reward for his arrest.

Karadžić was arrested on 21 July 2008 in Belgrade. He had been pretending to be a doctor of alternative medicine, mostly in Belgrade but also in Vienna, Austria. Karadžić was sent to an ICTY jail in the Hague on 30 July. Karadžić said that the United States government had protected him while he was hiding, and this was why it took over ten years for him to be found.

Karadžić first appeared before a judge at the ICTY on 31 July 2008. At that time, the ICTY had found 64 people guilty of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide during the Yugoslav Wars.

The film "The Hunting Party" was based on Karadžić's life as a fugitive.

On 24 March 2016, Karadžić was found guilty of genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity. He was sentenced to 40 years in prison.

Karadžić was found guilty of genocide for the Srebrenica massacre. He was also convicted of persecution, extermination, deportation, ethnic cleansing, and murder.

Common Language Specification

A Common Language Specification (CLS) is a document that says how computer programs can be turned into Common Intermediate Language (CIL) code. When several languages use the same bytecode, different parts of a program can be written in different languages. Microsoft uses a Common Language Specification for their .NET Framework. To fully interact with other objects regardless of the language they were used in, objects must expose to callers only those features that are common to all the languages they must exchange information with. It was always a dream of Microsoft to unite all different languages under one umbrella and CLS is one step towards that. Microsoft has defined CLS which are nothing but guidelines for languages to follow so that it can communicate with other .NET languages in a seamless manner.

Most of the members defined by types in the .NET Framework class library are able to work with CLS. However, some types in the class library have one or more members that are not able to work with CLS. These members allow support for language features that are not in the CLS.

The CLS was designed to be large enough to include the language constructs that are commonly needed by developers, yet small enough that most languages are able to support it. Any language construct that makes it impossible to quickly confirm the type safety of code was excluded from the CLS so that all languages that can work with CLS can produce verifiable code if they choose to do so. 

Cus D'Amato

Constantine "Cus" D'Amato (January 17, 1908 – November 4, 1985) was an American boxing trainer. He trained two of boxing heavyweight champions, Mike Tyson and Floyd Patterson.

He once said, "The hero and the coward both feel the same thing, but the hero uses his fear, projects it onto his opponent, while the coward runs. It's the same thing, fear, but it's what you do with it that matters." 

Cus D'Amato was born in 1908 in Bronx, New York to an Italian family of immigrants. He was one of eight brothers. In his childhood he wanted to become a boxer like his big brother Jerry. However, at 12 years old he took part in a fight and became blind in one eye.

D'Amato's love for boxing was so strong that the sport became a very important part of his life. He trained three champions although he never boxed himself.

He died in 1985 (age 77) after an inflammation of the lungs.

Willi Auerswald

Willi Auerswald (1894–1956) was a member of the German SS in the rank of a SS-Oberscharführer. Auerswald belonged to the guards of the Mauthausen Concentration camp. Between spring 1942 and November 1944 he was one of the leaders of the subcamp Steyr-Münichholz.

Auerswald was feared by the prisoners due to his brutality. Executions and brutal punishments made him one of the most terrible guards at Mauthausen. 

After the end of World War II Auerswald was charged by an US-military tribunal in Dachau. The trial document lists a case where a Russian prisoner, begging for his life, was pushed by Auerswald into a fence secured by high voltage. He died immediately. The documentation also mentioned that 300 healthy prisoners were brought from Mauthausen to the sub-camp St. Aegyd. More than 50% died within the next few weeks or became severely sick so that they were brought back to Mauthausen where they died. Auerswald was the head of the St. Aegyd sub-camp at that time.

Auerswald was found guilty and sentenced to death by hanging. Later it was changed to life imprisonment.


Baylor University

Baylor University is a private Baptist university in Waco, Texas, United States. There are about 13,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1845. 

Baylor University's men athletics teams are called the Bears and the women's athletic teams are called the Lady Bears. Baylor has 16 varsity teams and they compete in the Big 12 Conference.


Texas Lutheran University

Texas Lutheran University is a private Lutheran university in Seguin, Texas, United States. It is a small school with about 1300 students enrolled and it was founded in 1891.


The Evergreen State College

The Evergreen State College is a public college in Olympia, Washington, United States. There are about 4500 students enrolled and it was founded in 1967.

Battle of Berlin

The Battle of Berlin was the last major battle of Second World War in Europe. The Battle took place in Berlin from 16 April to 3 May 1945. During the battle the Red Army, along with Polish forces, captured the city of Berlin, Germany. When they captured the Reichstag, Adolf Hitler committed suicide with his new wife by shooting himself in the head and her taking a cyanide pill.

On 12 January 1945 the Soviet and Polish forces began attacking Berlin. In the end of that attack, their forces stood on the Oder River, 60 kilometres east of Berlin. In 1945 the Wehrmacht had few good fighters or good weapons compared to 1944.

Despite his advisors' opinion, Hitler decided to stay in the city. He heard about the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt on the radio and he hoped the city would be saved.

The battle on the city began in the Seelow Heights. The Seelow Heights are 17 kilometers west of the Oder and 45 kilometres east of Berlin. They were well defended by the "Wehrmacht". On 16 April, the Red Army and Polish Army attacked Seelow Heights. Almost 1,000,000 attackers with 20,000 artillery pieces were fighting against 100,000 Germans with 1,200 tanks. Despite this, the German defenders managed to hold the heights for four days.

On 20 April, Hitler's birthday, the allies began to bombard the centre of the city with rockets and artillery. They did not stop until the city surrendered. On 22 April, Hitler, when he knew the Germans plans had failed, cried in anger. He knew the war was as good as lost. One of his generals, Alfred Jodl, thought it would be possible to form a linkup between the army in Berlin, and the 12th Army commanded by Walther Wenck that were fighting the U.S. Army. Hitler agreed to this idea, but those troops could not get to the city.

Hitler remained in his Führerbunker until his death. He knew that escape was nearly impossible. His soldiers knew that too, and wanted to get out. Since there was no hope of winning, Hitler gave orders to his generals and allowed a breakout plan on April 28th. However, this plan went badly. Only a few of the expected number of soldiers managed to get through Soviet lines. On April 29th Hitler authorized another try to break out May 1st.

However, on April 30th the Red Army captured the Reichstag. They were just 500 yards from the Führerbunker. Hitler and several other leaders killed themselves. On May 1st, Helmuth Weidling ordered a break out. One division, named the "Nordland" Division, escaped and were caught outside Berlin.

In the next few days, the various armies of Nazi Germany surrendered.

VMDK

The VMDK (Virtual Machine Disk) is a file format used by VMware products.



University of Texas at San Antonio

The University of Texas at San Antonio, also known as UTSA (especially when talking about sports), is a public university in San Antonio, Texas, United States. It has about 28,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1969.

UTSA's sports teams, known as Roadrunners, joined the American Athletic Conference in 2023.


Microsoft Office 2007

Microsoft Office 2007 (codenamed Office 12) is an office suite for Windows. It was developed and published by Microsoft. It was officially revealed on March 9, 2006 with Service Pack 1 Beta. Later it was released to manufacturing on November 3, 2006 and retail on January 30, 2007 (after retail in November 30, 2006), the same day as the release of Windows Vista.

Office 2007 has introduced a new graphical user interface called the "Fluent User Interface", but not successor like Microsoft Office 2010 in Office menu instead of menu bars and toolbars. Office 2007 is incompatible with Windows 2000 but not support them. Office 2007 is compatible with Windows XP SP2 or later, Windows Server 2003 SP1 or later, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 8, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows 10. 
Mainstream support of Office 2007 ended on October 9, 2012. Extended support ended on October 10, 2017. In August 27, 2021, Microsoft announced that Outlook 2007 and Outlook 2010 will be cut off in Microsoft Exchange Server. Security Update 1 of Office 2007 has ended until April 10, 2013.

In September 2006, Microsoft announced that they will release Office 2007 Beta 1 and Office 2007 Beta 2 in late September, but undate, it was revealed on November 9, 2006. In November 14, Office 2007 Beta 2 has release Service Pack 1 launch on Windows Vista RTM. Office 2007 has release of volume licensing on November 30, 2006 and later retail on January 30, 2007, the same day as release general availability of Windows Vista. 

Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 1 was release on December 11, 2007. Official documentation claim that SP1 is not simply a rollup publicly released patches.

Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 2 was released on April 28, 2009. It added improved support for ODF, XPS and PDF standards, and included several bug fixes.

Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 3 was release on October 25, 2011.


NHL All-Star Team

The NHL All-Star Teams were first named at the end of the 1930–31 NHL season, to honor the best performers over the season at each position.

Members of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.

The following is a list of the most selected first team all-stars by position.

Centres:

Left wingers:

Right wingers:

Defencemen:

Goaltenders:


National Hockey League Players' Association

The National Hockey League Players' Association (; AJLNH) or NHLPA is a labour union that represents the interests of the hockey players in the National Hockey League of North America.

While the management of daily operations is the responsibility of the NHLPA Executive Director Paul Kelly, the ultimate control over all NHLPA activities resides with the players, who each year elect representatives in order to form an Executive Board.


"*Player no longer signed with club." <br> "Player has retired."


United States in the Vietnam War

The role of the United States in the Vietnam War began soon after the Second World War and escalated into full commitment during the Vietnam War (1956-1975).


Johann Altfuldisch

Johann Altfuldisch (November 11, 1911 at Brückenau, Bavaria – May 28, 1947 at Landsberg am Lech) was a member of the NSDAP and the Waffen-SS and one of the guards at the concentration camp Mauthausen. He had the second highest rank at Mauthausen.

After the end of World War II Altfuldisch was charged by a military court for killing innocent people, especially members of ethnic groups and war prisoners. He was found guilty and hanged on May 28, 1947.


Phalanges

Phalanges are bones. There are 14 of them in each hand and foot. The phalanges (distal, middle and proximal) in the hand are the fingers and those in the feet are the toes. Human toe bones are usually shorter than the bones in the hand.


Alpaca

The Alpaca ("Vicugna pacos") is one of the four species of South American camelid, and they are domesticated. It resembles a small llama in superficial appearance. Alpacas are bred for their fiber while Llamas are used to carry burdens.

They usually eat hay or grasses, but they actually try to chew most things, even an empty bottle. However, there are many plants that are poisonous to an Alpaca.

The Alpaca takes about 355 days until the babies are born (11-12 months). They may live up to 20 years (up to 25 years in a zoo). They are as much as 3 or 4 times the opportunity to be mowed fiber in their life. There they live together with Sheep and pygmy goats. 
They were selectively bred for household goods like clothes, because they have such good wool. Since the wool made from alpaca is very warm, the wool is popular in the world.

About 5,000 to 6,000 years ago the natives began the domestication of the vicuna into the present day alpaca as a fiber producing animal. Alpaca are also commonly used as herd guardians. Two or more guardians are sent to live in a paddock of sheep, goats or chickens, where it is their job to chase away foxes and other predators.

There are two main types of alpacas, the huacaya and the suri (sometimes spelled suriya depending on where you are). The main difference between the two is price and appearance. Huacayas are more common which makes them cheaper to buy. They are also easier to take care of because their coats require less maintenance. Suris are more expensive due to their rarity and the fact that their wool can be sold for more because it is more luxurious and thicker. Their coats require more daily maintenance. 

There are many commercial uses for Alpaca fiber. Primarily, it is used for clothing. It can be used as either baby alpaca, which is the first shear of an alpaca, or plain alpaca, which comes from subsequent shears. The fabric has very specific care criteria and must be hand-washed in cold water and left to dry naturally away from heat. 

Guy Berryman

Guy Rupert Berryman (born 12 April 1978) is a Scottish guitarist. He is a member of the rock band Coldplay. He is known as the bass guitarist for the band and is left-handed but plays with his right hand.

Mennonites

The Mennonites are a group of Christian Anabaptists named after Menno Simons (1496–1561). His teachings were a relatively minor influence on the group, though. They are of the historic "peace churches". Mennonites are committed to nonviolence, nonviolent resistance/reconciliation, and pacifism.

There are about 1.5 million Mennonites worldwide as of 2006. There are many different types of mennonite communities in the world. There are those that dress in old-fashioned ways, and others which are hard to tell apart from other people leading a modern lifestyle. Most Mennonites are in the United States and Democratic Republic of Congo, but Mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.

Mennonites have an international distinction among Christian denominations in disaster relief. They also place a strong theological emphasis on voluntary service. Mennonite Disaster Service, based in North America, provides both immediate and long-term responses to hurricanes, floods, and other disasters. Mennonite Central Committee provides disaster relief around the world alongside their long-term international development programs. Other programs offer a variety of relief efforts and services throughout the world.

In the last few decades some Mennonite groups have also become more actively involved with peace and social justice issues, helping to found Christian Peacemaker Teams and Mennonite Conciliation Service.

Anabaptist

Anabaptists are Protestant Christians. The word anabaptism comes from the Greek language, meaning "to baptize again". The followers of these movements hold that people should be baptized after they are believers, denying infant baptism. This is called believer's baptism. Infants, by their doctrine, can not be validly baptized, as they cannot decide how they want to achieve salvation. 

They arose as part of the Radical wing of the Reformation of 16th century Europe. The best-known Anabaptists today are the Mennonites, the Amish, and the Hutterites.

Hutterites

Hutterites are a group of Protestanŧ Christians. They are an anabaptist movement; they think believers should be baptized (a second time). Their movement was founded by Jacob Hutter who lived in the 16th century. The main difference to the Mennonites is that they think the Bible should be read literally. They also share everything they have; there is no private property. Within the Hutterites, there are a few different groups. Some of the groups are more liberal than others. Usually, the different groups also have different leaders. 

Today, there are about 50.000 Hutterites; most of them live in the Canada and the United States. Like the Amish they still speak a dialect of German. In 2005, there were about 465 settlements, with 60 to 150 people each. The people who emigrated to the US or Canada had one of the following family names: Decker, Entz, Glanzer, Gross, Hofer, Kleinsasser, Knels, Mändel, Stahl, Tschetter, Waldner, Walther, Wipf, Wollmann, or Wurz.

Prairie View A&amp;M University

Prairie View A&M University is a public university in Prairie View, Texas, United States. It has about 8,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1876. It is an historically African-American school with ties to Texas A&M University, though any person of any race may attend.

VMware

VMware, Inc. is an American software company . It is a global leader in the virtualization market. The company was founded in 1998 and is based in Palo Alto, California. The name "VMware" comes from the acronym "VM", meaning "virtual machine", while "ware" comes from second part of "software".


VMware Workstation

VMware Workstation Pro (also known is VMware Workstation until release of VMware Workstation 12 in 2015) is a virtual machine software that was developed by VMware, released in 1999. VMware Workstation has better use virtual machine as than of VirtualBox or Windows Virtual PC, but these softwares are support of x86-64 with previous version of 32-64bit on Microsoft Windows and Linux. A succesor of VMware Workstation called VMware Workstation Player (also known is "VMware Player") for non-commercial use, is a succesor software of VMware Workstation.

In early 1999, VMware has introduced they will release of software about virtual machine, before software VirtualBox in 2007 and they called is VMware Workstation. They released first version of VMware Workstation in late 1999 early 2000, after that, VMware announced VMware Workstation was supported of Microsoft Windows and Linux such as Windows 2000 and Windows XP in 2001.

After fifth years anniversary released in 2004, VMware announced they will released of VMware Workstation 8 and 9 in early 2008, and released of VMware Workstation 10, 11, 12 in early 2010 and 2015. And now, VMware Workstation 16 and 17 has begin released.

After released of VMware Workstation 17, the lastest release, VMware begin announced they want to be released of VMware Workstation version 18 but they are announced will be released in the future.


VMware ThinApp

VMware ThinApp is a computer program that can make portable applications.



MediaFire

MediaFire is a free and unlimited file and image hosting website in Harris County, Texas, USA. Every feature of the service is available to users whether they choose to create a cost-free account or not.

The website is very popular and has attracted at least 8.7 million visitors annually by 2008 according to a study made by Compete.com.

As it has been said that MediaFire has progressed in its growth, and has become the fastest growing site on the web 100% yearly growth. 
MediaFire offers: 

Unlimited downloads
Unlimited uploads
Download resuming
Zero wait time
And these services are free.

A group of web designers & desktop developers are working to achieve their goal to proceed to advance and progress the MediaFire file sharing involvement, to make it better to their users. 

The service is available for free and allows users to upload files of up to 200 MB. The user is then supplied with a unique URL, which locates the file and enables anyone with whom the uploader shares it to download the file. Currently there is no time limit on how long uploaded files will be stored. Furthermore, images can be uploaded and displayed in galleries.

MediaFire was originally founded on August 2006, the company was established in the San Frasisco Bay Area by a group of website enthusiasts and entrepreneurs who had a difficult time with sending rather large emails and files and FTP.

Together they decided to create a site that would resolve those issues, for a more simple method of transferring these files and other media.On October 2006 MediaFire was actually launched, and did rather well with producing a site where user of all ages could share files with ease and feel secure about their files. And this site only continued to grow, and more features were invented such as:

Unlimited cloud Storage, Branding tools and the ability to share files with friends and family and other users. 


University of Houston

The University of Houston is a public university in Houston, Texas. It was started in 1927, and has nearly 35,000 students.


Acronis True Image

Acronis True Image is a program to make disk images. It is made by Acronis. True Image can create an image of a disk while it is running Microsoft Windows or Linux, or offline by booting from CD/DVD, USB flash drives, PXE, or other bootable media. As a disk imaging solution, True Image can restore the previously captured image to another disk, effectively replicating the structure and contents to the new disk, also allowing partition resizing if the new disk is of different capacity.

File systems supported by software:

In addition to the officially supported filesystems, Acronis True Image also provides raw sector backup and restore options for all other filesystems. 'Raw' mode provides support for a file system that is corrupt, or that is not officially supported, by capturing a complete image of all sectors on the disk. This method results in a larger image file as it is not able to compress, resize, or selectively restore files on the unrecognized filesystem.

The Young Ones

The Young Ones is a British sitcom, first seen in 1982, on BBC2. Its anarchic sense of humour, in the 1980s, made the actors famous in the UK. Soon after that, it was shown to Americans on MTV, being one of the first shows on the new channel that was not mostly about music.

The programme was about four college students sharing a house: violent punk rocker Vyvyan (Adrian Edmondson), the stuck-up anarchist Rick (Rik Mayall), the suffering hippy Neil (Nigel Planer), and the mysterious Mike (Christopher Ryan). It also starred Alexei Sayle, who played their landlord, Jerzei Balowski, and other members of the Balowski family.

The show was like a regular sitcom, with violent slapstick, silly turns in the plot, and surrealism.

Although the series was set in North London, many outdoors scenes were filmed in Bristol. All four characters went to the fictional "Scumbag College", but they were never shown in a classroom, and were hardly ever seen studying.

The show was voted #31 in the BBC's Best Sitcom poll in 2004.

The series' beginnings were in London's comedy clubs in the late 1970s. Most of the cast became popular at The Comedy Store. Alexei Sayle was the main act, drawing attention as the manic, aggressive Master of ceremonies. Adrian Edmondson and Rik Mayall worked as a double act, 20th Century Coyote, and later became The Dangerous Brothers. Nigel Planer was in a double act with Peter Richardson called "The Outer Limits."

As The Comedy Store became popular, Sayle, 20th Century Coyote and The Outer Limits, with French and Saunders and Arnold Brown, set up their own club called The Comic Strip in nearby Soho. The Comic Strip became one of the most popular comedy clubs in London, and one person who liked it a lot was Jeremy Isaacs of Channel 4. Peter Richardson then made a deal for six half-hour shows on Channel 4, using the group as comedy actors instead of stand-up performers.

The first of this series, "The Comic Strip Presents...", was on Channel 4 on 2 November 1982. After this, the BBC made a deal with Edmondson, Mayall, Richardson, Planer and Sayle to star in another sitcom in the same style. Paul Jackson was put in as a producer.

The series was written by Mayall with his girlfriend Lise Mayer, and with Ben Elton (who went to Manchester University with Mayall and Edmondson). Richardson was first going to play Mike, but clashed with Jackson. He was replaced by Christopher Ryan, the only member of the group who was not a stand-up comedian.

The series was centered around the unclean house where the students lived during their time at Scumbag College.

When it was first on television, the show got attention for violent slapstick. Though new to mainstream audiences, Mayall and Edmondson had been using it in 20th Century Coyote for some time. The show also had some very strange parts, such as puppets playing talking animals or objects. Confusion was added with pieces in the middle that were not part of the main plot.

Episodes in the second series sometimes had "flash frames" (three frames, lasting 1/8 of a second), but these were cut out of some repeats. They were included to make fun of the British and American public's fear of subliminal messages in television and music. The images included the words "Carry On Cowboy" (the name of a 1965 film), a rusty dripping tap, a leaping frog, a dove in flight, a skier, and a hand making pottery.

The episodes ran 35 minutes, and many episodes were cut when repeated on the BBC or satellite channels.

In the United States, "The Young Ones" ran on PBS, MTV and, in 1994, on Comedy Central.

The series' theme song featured the cast singing Cliff Richard and The Shadows UK #1 song "The Young Ones". Throughout the series there were many references to Richard, as Mayall's character was a fan.

The theme song over the end credits was written by Peter Brewis, who also created incidental music on many episodes.

In 1984, after the second season, Planer (in character as Neil) reached No. 2 in the UK charts with a version of Traffic's "Hole In My Shoe". It went with "Neil's Heavy Concept Album", a loose collection of songs and spoken comedy with appearances by "Young Ones" actors Dawn French and Stephen Fry.

In 1986, the cast sang "Living Doll" with Cliff Richard and Hank Marvin for Comic Relief. The song, a reworking of his 1959 hit, reached the top of the UK Charts.

Most episodes had a musical guest performing in the house or street. By including the groups, the show could be called variety rather than light entertainment by the BBC and was given a bigger budget than a sitcom. This also helped get several British bands to be more popular with American viewers, such as Dexys Midnight Runners, Motörhead, and Madness. This last group was in two episodes.

Some of these performances were cut from the DVD for copyright reasons. Some musical acts were also cut out for similar reasons on some satellite reruns.

Played by Nigel Planer, Neil Pye, the hippy, is a clinically depressed, suicidal pacifist, vegetarian and environmentalist working towards a Peace Studies degree. He is victimised by other housemates (especially Rick and Vyvyan) and forced to do the housework, including shopping, cleaning and cooking. He is never acknowledged for it (unless it goes wrong).

Neil is pessimistic and believes everyone and everything hates him, which is mostly true, though he does have some friends, two hippys, one also named Neil and one named Warlock. He does not like technology except for videos, and he speaks out for Vegetable Rights and Peace. He is also an insomniac, believing that "sleep gives you cancer".

Neil wants the others to feel sorry for him, or just acknowledge his presence. To get attention, he tries anything from repeatedly banging himself on the head with a frying pan to attempting suicide. He claims "the most interesting thing that ever happens to me is sneezing".

In the second series, his parents - who appear in the episode "Sick" - are revealed to be upper middle class. They are conservative Tories who look down on Neil.

Neil also says 'heavy' a lot.

Played by Rik Mayall, Rick is an anarchist who is studying sociology and/or domestic sciences (depending on the episode). Rick writes poetry and calls himself "The People's Poet".

Rick is a hypocritical, tantrum-throwing attention-seeker who loves Cliff Richard. Rick tries to impress the others with what he thinks is his wit, talent and humour, but is really none of these. He insults and often physically assaults Neil. He fights and bickers with Vyvyan, and attempts to impress Mike.

Rick is a vegetarian, and says he wishes everyone to love each other like brothers. However, he rarely does anything that can be called brotherly love.

Rick is unlikeable, and so selfish that he believes he is the "most popular member of the flat" even though his housemates really hate him. Vyvyan describes Rick's name as being spelled "with a silent P". Although the other members dislike and ignore Rick, he is heard to say that they "really are terrific friends".
Believing himself the 'People's Poet' or the "spokesperson for a generation", Rick exaggerates or lies about his political activism and working class background, and in the last episode "Summer Holiday", it is suggested he really comes from an upper class, Conservative background.

While he sees himself as an anarchist, he likes the ideas of Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky and states his interest in them in several episodes. However, he claims to dislike Margaret Thatcher, as is noted by his efforts threatening to blow up England with a bomb in the episode "Bomb" if she does not do something "to help the kids, by this afternoon." This is also noticed in "The Young Ones Book," first published by Sphere Books, where negative references are made to Thatcher and the Conservative Party.
Rick speaks loudly and cannot pronounce his "r"s sometimes.

Played by Adrian Edmondson, Vyvyan is an orange-haired, mohican punk rocker and medical student. He is extremely violent and regularly attacks Neil and Rick with pieces of wood, cricket bats and other large objects. He never hurts Mike, whom he respects. He hates Rick more than he does Neil, taking every chance to insult and attack him. For example, when Rick, Mike and Neil meet his mother at a bar in the episode "Boring", he calls both Neil and Mike his friends, but not Rick, whom he calls "a complete bastard." Although Rick and Vyvyan hate each other, this makes them all but inseparable; the two spend more time together than apart, or with the other housemates.

Vyvyan owns a yellow Ford Anglia, with red flames painted along the sides, and a Glaswegian hamster named Special Patrol Group ("SPG" for short) which he is very fond of, even though SPG is also often subjected to Vyvyan's extreme violence. His mother is a barmaid and former shoplifter, who before "Boring" had not seen Vyvyan in ten years and has no idea who his father is.

Vyvyan has inhuman strength on occasion (moving entire walls with his bare hands, lifting Neil above his head in a fight with Rick, biting through a brick and even re-attaching his own head after it was cut off), surviving a pick-axe through the head, and he eats just about anything; televisions, dead rats, cornflakes, or cornflakes with ketchup.

Although he is a homicidal maniac, Vyvyan can be friendly and creative; in one episode ("Flood"), he made his own potion to change a person into an axe-wielding homicidal maniac. He has more friends than the others but "he doesn't like any of them." He often causes damage such as wiring the doorbell to a bomb, and adding a 289 CID Ford V-8 engine to the vacuum cleaner, which proceeds to suck up the carpet, the floorboards and a friend of Neil's. Vyvyan also seems to be the only member of the group with a driving licence.

Played by Christopher Ryan, Mike was the oddest of the four. He is the assumed leader of the group, despite being rather shorter than the others, and does not involve himself in the battles between the other three. He makes puns, which are either deliberately cheap or humorous.

He often uses deep-sounding phrases that confuse the others (for example, when asked by Rick if he stole his apple, Mike replies "Well, if you're gonna sin you might as well be original."). Mike is supposedly the ladies' man of the bunch, and brags about his prowess with women, although he is eventually forced to admit his virginity to the others in "Nasty." Though he is a virgin, as are the rest of the housemates, he always tries to get a date with the opposite sex, being quite forward and unsuccessful.

A con artist, he always has some kind of plan to make quick money, such as renting out Rick's bedroom as a roller disco, and trying to auction off the unexploded atom bomb that fell into the house. Mike attends Scumbag College only in name, as he has blackmailed his tutor and the Dean of the school for grants, and apparently passing grades. In "Summer Holiday" he says "I think I'll ask for one of those Ph.D.s next year."

While Mike often does things at the expense of his housemates, he usually does not show the sort of open hostility that the others do, and seems to cause them trouble only when it benefits him. He has, however, managed to nail his own legs to a table, and accidentally knocked Neil out during a game of cricket. We only see violence done to him once or twice (at the end of the "Living Doll" video, when Vyvyan knocks him unconscious with a hammer and in "Summer Holiday", when Neil transforms into the Incredible Hulk, who picks up Mike and throws him to the ground, however it turns out it was only Neil's imagination).

Throughout the two series, Alexei Sayle regularly appeared as many different characters, putting his own material into the programme in ways that copied his stand up comedy routines. His main role was that of the flat's landlord Jerzy (Jeremy) Balowski, appearing in "Demolition", "Flood" and "Summer Holiday". The rest of the time, he played various male members of "The Balowski Family", including nephew Alexei Balowski (a protest singer), son Reggie Balowski (an international arms dealer), brother Billy Balowski (a lunatic who believed he was a taxi driver), cousin Tommy Balowski (a drunk), escaped convict Brian Damage Balowski, and a medieval jester "Jester Balowski" (with Helen Lederer as his sidekick).

In the second series, Sayle's characters also included a train driver, a Mussolini look-alike (by day the head of the local police force, by night an entrant in the Eurovision Song Contest), and "Harry the Bastard" (manager of the local Rumbelows store, disguised as a South African vampire).

Mike is the natural "leader" of the house. Always trying to make himself appear more important and exciting than he really is, he does appear to have done some of the things he claims to have done (such as getting Bambi the "Babycham" commercial in "Bambi"). He gets little hostility from the other members of the house. If there is any good or friendly relationship in the house it is between Mike and Vyvyan. Vyvyan accepts Mike's role as the house leader, whereas Mike sometimes uses Vyvyan's muscles and willingness to act forcibly, to enforce his own authority.

Neil is the second least liked of the four, although he is the only one who does any kind of household chores and is therefore needed by the other three.

Rick is the least liked. Rick thinks very highly of himself. He tells poor jokes and stories (but finds them hilarious himself), is a wanna-be anarchist (although deep-down he is quite conservative) and frequently acts like a child when he does not get his way. He generally takes out his frustration (when trying to impress the others) on Neil, since Neil never sticks up for himself and is ignored by the others. However, the one time when Neil looked as if he was going to retaliate, Rick fled. Most of his anger comes up in his endless battles with Vyvyan, which he always loses.

In the final episode, the four students steal a red AEC Routemaster after robbing a bank, only to drive it over a cliff, and it explodes into flames at the bottom of a quarry.

The end of the series was not the last appearance of "The Young Ones". For the British charity television appeal Comic Relief, the four recorded a song and video for Cliff Richard's "Living Doll", along with Richard and Shadows guitarist Hank B. Marvin. (Alexei Sayle was not involved, but had already achieved chart success in 1984 with "'Ullo John, Gotta New Motor?".) At the 1986 Comic Relief stage show, they performed the song live.

Mayall, Planer and Edmondson reunited in 1986 for the Elton-written "Filthy Rich & Catflap". The series had many of the same characteristics as "The Young Ones" as did Mayall and Edmondson's next sitcom "Bottom". Ryan, for his part, was regularly recruited to play roles on associated series (such as "Happy Families", "Bottom" and "Absolutely Fabulous").

DVD releases have been somewhat basic: only the U.S. "Every Stoopid Episode" edition featured documentaries, and no extra footage was included. Musical references proved difficult to clear, so "The Sound of Silence" and "Subterranean Homesick Blues" were cut from the U.S. editions.

A new DVD release of all episodes ("Extra Stoopid Edition") came out in November of 2007, with new documentaries and two commentary tracks. This edition restores "The Sound of Silence" and "Subterranean Homesick Blues," but is missing other scenes.

In 1986 MTV bought half the episodes to run on their cable systems during 1987.


Napoléon III

Napoléon III (20 April 1808 – 9 January 1873), also known as Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte, was the first President of the French Republic and the last monarch of France. Made president by popular vote in 1848, Napoleon III ascended to the throne on 2 December 1852, the forty-eighth anniversary of his uncle, Napoleon I's, coronation. He ruled as Emperor of the French until September 1870, when he was captured in the Franco-Prussian War.

Napoleon III, generally known as "Louis Napoléon" before he became emperor, was the son of Louis Bonaparte, brother of Napoléon. His mother was Hortense de Beauharnais, the daughter by the first marriage of Napoleon's wife Josephine de Beauharnais. Louis-Napoléon was a second son and a replacement child. His older brother, Napoléon Charles Bonaparte, died at age four. During Napoleon I's reign, Louis-Napoléon's parents had been made king and queen of a French puppet state, the Kingdom of Holland. 

After Napoleon I's military defeats and deposition in 1815 and the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy in France, all members of the Bonaparte dynasty were forced into exile. Louis Napoleon was quietly exiled to the United States of America, and spent four years in New York City. He also visited Central America. He secretly returned to France and attempted yet another coup in August 1840, sailing with some hired soldiers into Boulogne. In 1844, his uncle Joseph died, making him the direct heir apparent to the Bonaparte claim. Two years later, his father Louis died, making Louis-Napoléon the clear Bonapartist candidate to rule France. 

Louis-Napoléon lived within the borders of the United Kingdom until the revolution of February 1848 in France deposed Louis-Philippe I and established a Republic. He was now free to return to France, which he immediately did. 

In 1848, he was elected President of France in a land slide victory. He won the election because of his popular name and French people hoped that he would return his uncle's glory. He used his rank as stepping stone to greater power. Finally in 1852, he crowned himself as Emperor Napoleon III and the Second French Empire was born. In 1856, Eugenie gave birth to a legitimate son and heir, Louis Napoléon, the Prince Impérial. 

On 28 April 1855 Napoleon survived an attempted assassination. On 14 January 1858 Napoleon and his wife escaped another assassination attempt, plotted by Felice Orsini.
Until about 1861, Napoleon's regime exhibited decidedly authoritarian characteristics, using press censorship to prevent the spread of opposition, manipulating elections, and depriving the Parliament of the right to free debate or any real power. His foreign policy included support for Maximilian I of Mexico.

A far more dangerous threat to Napoleon, however, was looming. France saw its dominance on the continent of Europe eroded by Prussia's crushing victory over Austria in the Austro-Prussian War in June–August 1866. To prevent Prussia under Chancellor Otto von Bismarck becoming even more powerful, Napoleon began the Franco-Prussian War. This war proved disastrous, and was instrumental in giving birth to the German Empire, which would take France's place as the major land power on the continent of Europe. In the 1870 Battle of Sedan Prussian forces captured the Emperor. The forces of the Third Republic deposed his government in Paris two days later.

Napoleon spent the last few years of his life in exile in England, with Eugenie and their only son. The family lived at Camden Place Chislehurst (then in Kent), where he died on 9 January 1873. He was haunted to the end by bitter regrets and by painful memories of the battle at which he lost everything.

Napoleon was originally buried at St. Mary's, the Catholic Church in Chislehurst. However, after his son died in 1879 fighting in the British Army against the Zulus in South Africa, the bereaved Eugenie decided to build a monastery. The building would house monks driven out of France by the anti-religious laws of the Third Republic, and would provide a suitable resting place for her husband and son.

An important legacy of Napoleon III's reign was the rebuilding of Paris under the supervision of Georges-Eugène Haussmann. One purpose was reduce the ability of future revolutionaries to challenge the government by blocking the small, medieval streets of Paris with barricades. However, the main reason for the complete transformation of Paris was Napoleon III's desire to modernize Paris based on what he had seen of the modernizations of London during his exile there in the 1840s.

Charles Perrault

Charles Perrault (12 January 1628 – 16 May 1703) was a French author who started the literary genre of fairy tales. His best known tales include the following:



Saint Joseph

Joseph (; ) is a figure in the Gospels, the husband of Mary, the mother of Jesus and the step father of Jesus. In Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox and Anglican Christian traditions, he is regarded as Saint Joseph.

The Gospel of Luke says that the angel Gabriel came to Mary to tell her that she would give birth to a Son and she should call him Jesus and that he would save people from their sins.

When Joseph found out that Mary was pregnant, he decided to privately break the engagement. But then he had a dream. An angel told him that the baby was the Son of God.

At this time, the Roman Emperor, Caesar Augustus, made a law that everyone in the Roman Empire must pay tax. Everyone had to go back to the town that their family came from, to have their name put on the tax lists. Joseph came from Bethlehem, which was called "The City of David". Joseph took Mary to Bethlehem and she gave birth to the baby, Jesus, in a stable, because there was no room for them in the inn.

West Flanders

West Flanders (; ; , ) is one of the five provinces of the Flemish Region, also named Flanders, and also is one of the ten provinces of Belgium. It is the westernmost province in Flanders.

Its capital is Bruges (, , ).

The whole Belgian North Sea coast, an important tourism destination, lies in West Flanders. A tram line runs the length of the coast, from De Panne on the French border, via the port of Ostend (), to Knokke-Heist on the Dutch frontier.

The province of West Flanders lies in the most densely populated area of Western Europe. It has a population of about 1,209,000 in 2022

It borders the North Sea, northern France, Zeeland in the Netherlands, the Flemish province of East Flanders () and the Walloon province of Hainaut () in Belgium. West Flanders is the only Belgian province that borders both France and The Netherlands.

The province has an area of . In terms of area, it is the largest province in the Flemish Region and the fifth largest in Belgium.

West Flanders has a very flat landscape with polders, except for a row of dunes along the coast and an area with small hills known as the 'Westvlaamse Bergen', with the Kemmelberg (159 m) being the highest point in the province.

The main rivers in the province are the Leie () and Yser (). The Yser flows into the North Sea at the town of Nieuwpoort and the Leie flows into the Scheldt river.

In the north of the province, most industry is concentrated in and around the cities of Bruges and Ostend. Both cities also have important seaports: the port of Bruges-Zeebrugge and the port of Ostend. The south is known for its textile industry.

Tourism is also an important industry in West Flanders. Major touristic attractions include the Belgian coast, the historic centre of Bruges, and places where there were battles around Ypres during World War I.

The province of West Flanders is divided into 8 arrondissements and a total of 64 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


Oneness Pentecostalism

Oneness Pentecostalism, also known as Apostolic Pentecostalism, is a movement of Christianity that split from the Pentecostal movement, at around 1914. Followers believe that the Bible was inspired by God. 

""Oneness"" means that they believe that God is one being, not three persons (like in the Trinity doctrine), and that Jesus is God in human flesh – fully god and fully human. This makes them different from most Unitarians who say that the son of god was only man. ""Apostolic"" means that they follow the Apostolic doctrine (by the 12 Apostles in the early Church). ""Pentecostal"" means that they put an emphasis on the moving of the Holy Spirit (like speaking in tongues) as was done on the Day of Pentecost.

Roşoşa River

The Roşoşa River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Argel River.

Linux kernel

Linux is an operating system kernel used by a group of Unix-like operating systems. These are known as Linux operating systems.

The Linux kernel is released with the GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2) and developed by programmers worldwide.

In April 1991, Linus Torvalds, then 21 years old, started working on some simple ideas for an operating system. Then, on 25 August 1991, Torvalds posted to "comp.os.minix":

After the post, many people made code for the project. By September 1991, Linux version 0.01 was released. It had 10,239 lines of code. In October 1991, Linux version 0.02 was released.

The newsgroup "alt.os.linux" was started, and on January 19, 1992, the first post to alt.os.linux was made. On March 31, 1992, alt.os.linux became "comp.os.linux".

The X Window System was soon moved to Linux. In March 1992, Linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running X. This large version number jump (from 0.1x to 0.9x) was because of a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing parts would be released soon.

On March 14, 1994, Linux 1.0.0 was released, with 176,250 lines of code. In March 1995, Linux 1.2.0 was released (310,950 lines of code).

Linus decided, on May 9, 1996, to adopt Tux the penguin as the mascot for Linux.

Version 2 of Linux, released on June 9, 1996, was a landmark. Strong development continued:

Currently a new kernel version is released in every 2 3/4 months.

In the start, Torvalds released Linux under a license which did not allow anyone to sell it. This was soon changed to the GNU General Public License (GPL), during version 0.12. This license allows distribution and sale of modified and unmodified versions of Linux, but requires that all those copies be released under the same license, and be accompanied by the complete corresponding source code.

Torvalds has said licensing Linux under the GPL as the "best thing I ever did".


Sources:



Sebastian Vettel

Sebastian Vettel (born 3 July 1987 in Heppenheim) is a German race car driver. He is a four-time Formula One world champion. He drives for the Aston Martin team in Formula One and is contracted by the team until the end of 2022. He is a former driver of Red Bull Racing's sister team, Scuderia Toro Rosso, in 2008. Before that he was a reserve driver of BMW Sauber.

He currently holds numerous records in Formula One, most of them from his first win in the Italian Grand Prix and his debut drive in the United States Grand Prix.

 Season still in progress.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.<br>

Vettel holds the following Formula One records:


Sara Evans

Sara Evans (born February 5, 1971) is a traditional country singer born in Boonville, Missouri. She has had several #1 hits, gold albums and platinum albums.

Music was a big part of her life when she was young. At age 8, she was hit by a car in front of her house and broke both of her legs. She spent months in a wheelchair and kept singing to pay her hospital bills.

At age 16, she began performing in a nightclub in Columbia, Missouri. She did this for two years. At age 20, she moved to Nashville, Tennessee because she wanted to be a country music singer. She met musician Craig Schelske there. A year later, they moved to Oregon, but when they married, they moved back to Nashville.

In 1995, Sara began recording demos. Harland Howard was impressed by them so much he decided to help her get a contract. This paid off when she signed with RCA Records.

Her first album under RCA was called "Three Chords and the Truth", released in 1997. People liked it for being traditional, and it was in many Top 10 lists for that year.

However, country music radio didn't like it that much. None of the singles made the Top 40.

In 1998, Sara released her next album, "No Place That Far". People didn't like it because it was more of a pop-country sound. The first single Cryin' Game didn't do anything, but the next single (No Place That Far, a duet with Vince Gill) became a #1 hit. Because of that the album was certified gold.



Felipe Massa

Felipe Massa (born April 25 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver. In the 2008 racing season he was working for the Ferrari team. His contract allows him to continue driving for that racing team until 2010. In 2008 he is a co-driver of Kimi Räikkönen. Massa was hurt in the 2009 Grand Prix of Hungary qualifying session. He missed the remainder of the 2009 season, but was back for the season.

 As Massa was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.

() (Races in bold indicate pole position) 

 Driver failed to finish the race, but was classified as they had completed more than 90% of the race distance.


Linux (disambiguation)

Linux may refer to:



Tarsals

Tarsals are bones found in the feet. They are also known as ankle bones. There are seven of them in each foot. The seven tarsals are:


Georg Cantor

Georg Cantor (3 March 1845 - 6 January 1918) was an important German mathematician. He founded set theory and worked on transfinite numbers.

Cantor was born in St Petersburg, Russia. His father had a Jewish-Danish, his mother an Austrian background. His father was a Protestant. He was a rich merchant. His mother was a Roman Catholic. She was very artistic. When his father became ill in 1856 the family moved to Frankfurt. Georg went to private schools and then to gymnasien in Darmstadt and Wiesbaden. He soon showed that he was brilliant at maths. His father wanted him to be an engineer but Georg persuaded him to let him study mathematics. He spent a short time studying at the University of Zürich, but soon went to Berlin where he studied physics, philosophy and mathematics. He was very influenced by the teaching of Weierstrass, Kummer and Kronecker, who were later to become his enemies. He wrote a doctoral thesis in which he said that asking questions was more important than finding the answers. He was talking about a problem that Carl Friedrich Gauss had left unanswered.

Cantor taught for a time at a girls’ school in Berlin, then he became a lecturer in Halle where he remained for the rest of his life. He became full professor there in 1879. Cantor worked on the theory of numbers, continuum hypothesis and then on trigonometric series, starting with ideas that had been developed by Bernhard Riemann on complex variables. He sent a paper on algebraic numbers to be published in Crelle's Journal, but Kronecker was against it. However, Dedekind supported Cantor, and eventually the article was published. This article showed that Cantor was a great mathematician.

When his father died in 1863 he had enough money to build a house for his wife and five children.

Cantor thought that infinite numbers really existed, and used ideas from ancient and medieval philosophy to prove his point. Kronecker disagreed with him. He thought that only integers existed. Kronecker said that “God made integers and all the rest is the work of man”. Kronecker stopped Cantor from being offered a professorship in Berlin, a position he ought to have had since he was one of the greatest mathematicians in the world. Cantor stayed at Halle and continued to work into his old age, although he often suffered from fits of depression. He often lost his temper, but he was also a very kind man. He always gave encouragement to young mathematicians with new ideas. He did not want them to suffer like he had because of older mathematicians who felt threatened by new ideas. A lot of Cantor’s work led eventually to what is called “new mathematics” in schools today.

Cantor died in a mental hospital in Halle on 6 January 1918.


Pay-per-view

Pay-per-view (often abbreviated PPV) is a way that people can pay to watch events on television in their homes. The event is shown at the same time to everyone ordering it. This is different than video on demand systems which lets people see the event at any time. Common events include movies, sporting events, and pornographic movies.

The first major pay-per-view event was on September 16, 1981. This event was Sugar Ray Leonard and Thomas Hearns for the Welterweight Championship. Viacom Cablevision in Nashville, Tennessee, was the first system to offer the event. Over fifty percent of its customers paid to see the fight. Oak Industries Entertainment VP of Programming, Nyhl Henson, put together the fight. He later put together other PPV fights, wrestling matches, and even a Broadway play.

After leaving Viacom, Thompson became head of Sports View. He produced the first pay-per-view football game on October 16, 1983. Sports View was important in creating pay-per-view networks. It was a part of creating TigerVision for LSU, TideVision for Alabama, and UT Vol Seat for Tennessee. Sports View also produced the Ohio State-Michigan Football game on PPV in November of 1983.

In 1985, the first U.S. cable channels to show only pay-per-view, "Viewers Choice", "Cable Video Store", and "Request TV" began operation within days of each other. Viewers Choice was available to both home satellite dish and cable customers. Request TV was available to only cable viewers at first. Dish owners could not use it until the 1990s.

The term "pay-per-view" became more well known in the 1990s when companies like iN DEMAND, HBO, and Showtime started using it to show movies and other things. In Demand would show movies, concerts, and other events at prices between $3.99 to $49.99. HBO and Showtime would offer championship boxing, with prices between $14.99 to $54.99.

Pay-per-view is also a very important way for professional wrestling companies like World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) , Ring of Honor (ROH) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración to earn money.

The first pay-per-view system tested in the United states was the Zenith Phonevision system. In 1949, it used telephone lines to take and receive orders. The telephone lines were also used to descramble the signal on the television. Tests were run for 90 days in Chicago. In 1950, Skiatron tested its system on WOR in New York City. The system used IBM punch cards to descramble the signal. Both systems showed that they could be used but were not allowed to be used by the FCC.

One of the first pay-per-view systems on cable was the Optical Systems. It was first used in 1972 in San Diego. These early systems quickly went out of business, as the cable industry started using satellite technology. This caused systems, for example Home Box Office, to became popular.

Pay-per-view was first used in the United Kingdom with the use of satellite television and cable systems.

Pay-per-view was first used by Foxtel to home television in Australia and New Zealand in the early 2000s. Sky Pacific in Fiji and other Pacific Island Nations started using it in 2006.


Talus

The talus is the second largest of the seven tarsal (ankle) bones. It is next to the calcaneus and navicular bones.


Dhaka District

Dacca District () is a district in the centre of Bangladesh. The district is part of the Dhaka Division, more than half of the district is made up of Dacca - the capital of the district and of Bangladesh too.

Dhaka has a very old history, the city area of Dhaka was ruled by the Buddhist and Hindu kingdoms century.

After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled first by the Turkish and the Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.

During the rule of the Mughal the district was famous for its textile products - especially the Muslin. The Mughal governor Islam Khan was the first administrator of the city. Khan named the town "Jahangir Nagar" ("City of Jahangir") in honour of the Mughal emperor Jahangir, although this name was dropped soon after Jahangir's death.

The city grew in size quite a lot under Mughal general Shaista Khan. The city then measured 19 by 13 kilometres (12 by 8 mi), with almost a million people. The city then passed to the control of the British East India Company in 1765 after the Battle of Plassey. The number of people in the city fell very much as the prominence of Kolkata rose, but development eventually followed. A modern civic water supply system was introduced in 1874 and electricity supply launched in 1878. The Dhaka Cantonment was established near the city, serving as a base for British and Indian soldiers. 

Proprietary software

Proprietary software (or closed source software) does not let people see or change source code of the computer software. It is the opposite of free software. Proprietary software is usually created by businesses who want to sell their software, but some programs that are free to use are still proprietary because the user is not allowed to change them. With proprietary software, only the people that make the software can see and change the code.

Even if the people who make the program give the source code to other people, the program will be proprietary if they do not allow to do important things like these: 

Most companies who sell their software for money (and even some who do not charge money for it) make it proprietary source. This makes it harder for people to copy and change the software, or to use the source code to make similar software. It helps prevent a user from pretending to be the author of someone else's work (a way of plagiarism).


Dhaka Division

Dhaka Division is an administrative division of Bangladesh. The capital and largest city is Dhaka. The division has an area of . It has a population of 38,678,000.

The division of Dhaka is next to the Indian state of Meghalaya to the north, Barisal and Chittagong Divisions on the south, Sylhet Division to the east, Rajshahi and Khulna Divisions to the west.

Kala Dhaka

Kala Dhaka which also used to known as the Black Mountain of Hazara is a mountain range and a former tribal area of Mansehra District, Hazara Division, of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Since 2011 it is a new district of the Hazara division.

Kala Dhaka lies next to the Agror valley of Oghi area to the east and by Tanawal to the south. The range has a length of 25 to 30 miles from north to south and a height of 8,000 feet above sea-level. The river Indus goes through the most northern but and then moves to the south. Between the river and the top of the range the western areas are occupied by some sections of the Yusufzai tribe. The rest of the range is held by another indigenous aboriginal tribe, the Swatis. The Black Mountain has long narrow ridges with higher peaks every now and again. It also has valleys in which there are villages where the tribes live. The upper parts of the ridge are covered with thick forests of pine, oak, sycamore, horse-chestnut, and wild cherry; but the slopes are stony and barren.

The British sent armies more than four times to try and control the Black Mountain Tribes from 1852 to 1892, because some leaders of the tribes opposed the British Government.

In 1851 two officers of the British Customs department in a place called Tanawal were killed. The British believed they were killed by the Hasanzai sept of the Yusufzai tribe, so the British then sent an army led by Colonel Mackeson, which destroyed a number of tribal strongholds. In 1868 the Yusufzai helped by the Khan of Agror, who was upset that the British had set up a police post at Oghi in the Agror valley, attacked that post with many men. But he was forced to move back.

The Khan of Tanawal (who later became the Nawab of Amb (princely state)) who remained loyal to the British, faced attacks by tribes who didn't like the British. Then a large number of the tribes began marching against the British, the British managed to stop them and force them back - however during the fighting twenty-one British villages had been burnt. The British then organised an army under General Wilde - he and his men managed to take over all of the Black Mountain and forced the tribes to accept British rule.

In 1888 the British blocked the area due to the raids by the Hasanzai and Akazai tribes who were being helped by the Madda Khel tribe into the Agror valley. While the British were planning tougher attacks - Major Battye and Captain Urmston and some soldiers of the 5th Gurkhas were surprised and killed by the ancient Gujar tribe (who were allies of the Akazai section of the Yusufzai tribe).

Hashim Khan, who was the chief of the Hasanzai and Akazai, was blamed for starting the attack. The British then sent an armies against the tribes in the same year (1881), the tribes had to pay a lot money to the British and also had to agree that Hashim Ali was not allowed to live there any more. The British then made Ibrahim Khan, a relative and enemy of Hashim Khan, ruler. Investigations also revealed that the Khan of Agror had been behind Hashim, and the tribes, inciting them to rebellion to fulfil his own designs. As a result, the Agror Khan was arrested and imprisoned in Hasan Abdal, Punjab and his estates permanently forfeited in 1889, a limited "jagir" allowance given in lieu, since.

In 1890 the tribe stopped the march of British troops along the crest of the Black Mountain, and so an army was sent against them in the spring of 1891. As soon as the troops left, some local Hindustanis and Madda Khel broke their agreement with the British Government by letting Hashim Khan return. In 1892 the British sent their armies again to fight the tribes - this ultimately ended with the tribes being defeated by British.

Kala Dhaka was badly affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake, according to a report in Time magazine:

Dhaka (disambiguation)

Dhaka may refer to:


Muridke Tehsil

Muridke Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Sheikhupura District, Punjab, Pakistan. The tehsil was formerly part of Ferozewala Tehsil until 2005, when it was separated from Ferozewal and became another of Sheikhupura's tehsils. It is headquartered at the city of Muridke. Besides various villages it includes the town of Narang Mandi.
The 'Ravi Rayon' factory complex is very famous industry in Muridke.
Rice Reasurch Institute is popular place in Kala Shah Kaku.

Ratodero Taluka

Ratodero (Sindhi: رتوديرو) is a taluka of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The Ratodero taluka is about 28 km from the district capital Larkana.

Swabi Tehsil

Swabi is a tehsil of Swabi District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is administratively divided into twenty Union Councils.

Mehrgarh

Mehrgarh, () one of the most important Neolithic (7000 BC to 3200 BC) sites in archaeology, lies on the Kachhi Plain of Balochistan, Pakistan. It is one of the earliest sites with evidence of farming (wheat and barley) and herding (cattle, sheep and goats) in South Asia.

It was rediscovered about 1974.

Geography of Romania

With an area of , Romania is the second biggest country in southeastern Europe. It is the twelfth-largest in Europe. A large part of Romania's border with Serbia and Bulgaria is made by the Danube. The Danube is joined by the Prut River. The Prut River makes the border with the Republic of Moldova. The Danube then flows into the area of the Black Sea inside of Romania, which forms the Danube Delta. The Danube Delta is the second biggest one of the best kept deltas in Europe. It is also a biosphere reserve and a biodiversity World Heritage Site. Some of the other major rivers in Romania are the Siret, which runs from the north to the south of Moldavia; the Olt, which runs from the Carpathian Mountains to Oltenia; and the Mureş, which runs through Transylvania from the east to the west.

The land in Romania is equally divided among mountainous, hilly and lowland areas. The Carpathian Mountains make up a big part of the center of Romania. 14 of its mountain ranges are taller than 2,000 meters. The tallest mountain in Romania is Moldoveanu Peak ().

The Danube is the longest river in Romania. It travels about 1,075 kilometers, almost 40% of its length, through Romania. Almost all of Romania's rivers are either direct or indirect tributaries of the Danube. The most important of these rivers are the Mureş River, the Olt River, the Prut, the Siret River, the Ialomiţa River, the Someş River, and the Argeş River.

The rivers of Romania flow either north, south, east, or west away from the Carpathians. Rain and other precipitation help add to the flow of water in each of the rivers and occasionally cause flooding. In the east, the water from the rivers are obtained by the Siret and Prut rivers. In the south, the rivers flow directly into the Danube. In the west, the rivers flow into the Tisza, which is in Hungary.

The Danube is the most important river in Romania. People use it for transportation and to make hydroelectric power from the rivers' flow of water. Boats and other watercraft are able to travel on nearly all of the places that the Danube flows in Romania. A problem that has occurred with using it for transportation is the fact that it is not very close by any of Romania's big industries.

Romania is in the southeastern part of Europe, where it borders the Black Sea and the Danube. The Carpathian mountains lie in the center.

Geographic coordinates:
Extreme points of Romania:


Because of how far it is from the open sea and where it is in the southwestern part of the European continent, Romania has a climate that is changes between temperate and continental climates with four different seasons. The average yearly temperature is 11 °C in the south and 8 °C in the north. The extreme recorded temperatures are 44.5 °C in Ion Sion 1951 and -38.5 °C in Bod 1942.

Rain, snow, and other precipitation is decent with over per year on the highest western mountains. Most of this falls as snow, which gives Romania good skiing. In the south-centern parts of the country, the amount of rain and snow falls to around . In the Danube Delta, not much rain falls. The lowest temperature ever recorded in Romania was -38.5 °C, near Braşov in the year 1944. The highest temperature ever recorded in Romania was 44.5 °C, in Braila in August 1951.


Mohenjo-daro

Mohenjo-daro (; ) is an ancient city in Pakistan. It was built around 2500 BCE and was the biggest town in the ancient Indus Valley civilization. It's one of the earliest big cities in the world, like the ones in Egypt, Mesopotamia, Crete, and Norte Chico. People also call it the 'Mound of the Dead Men'.

It is in province of Sindh, Pakistan. The city was built around 2600 BC. It was one of the early urban settlements in the world. Mohenjo-daro existed at the same time as the civilization of ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia and Greece. The archaeological ruins of the city are designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In Pakistan, it is one of the national icons of the distant past.

Mohenjo-daro was built in the 26th century BC. It was one of the largest cities of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization, which developed around 3000 BC from the prehistoric Indus culture. At its height, the Indus Civilization spanned much of what is now Pakistan and some parts of northwest India. It also had an outpost in Bactria. There were major urban centers at Harappa, Mohenjo-daro. 

Mohenjo-daro was the most advanced city of its time, with remarkably sophisticated civil engineering and urban planning. When the Indus civilization went into sudden decline around 1900 BC, Mohenjo-daro was abandoned.

The Dancing girl found in Mohenjo-daro is an artifact that is some 4500 years old. The 10.8 cm long bronze statue of the dancing girl was found in 1926 from a house in Mohenjo-daro. She was British archaeologist Mortimer Wheeler's favorite statuette, as he said in this quote from a 1973 television program:

John Marshall, one of the excavators at Mohenjo-daro, described her as a vivid impression of the young ... "girl, her hand on her hip in a half-impudent posture, and legs slightly forward as she beats time to the music with her legs and feet."

A seated male sculpture is the so-called "Priest King" (even though there is no evidence that either priests or kings ruled the city). Archaeologists discovered the sculpture in Lower town at Mohenjo-daro in 1927. It was found in an unusual house with ornamental brickwork and a wall niche and was lying between brick foundation walls which once held up a floor.

This bearded sculpture wears a fillet around the head, an armband, and a cloak decorated with trefoil patterns that were originally filled with red pigment.

Kot Diji

The ancient site at Kot Diji () was the forerunner of the Indus Civilization. The people of this site lived about 3000 BC. The remains consist of two parts; the citadel area on high ground, and the outer area.

Kot Diji is located about 22 kilometres south of Khairpur in the province of Sindh, Pakistan. The site is at the foot of the hills. There a fort (Kot Diji Fort) was built around 1790 by the Talpur ruler of Upper Sindh, Mir Suhrab, who ruled from 1783 to 1830. This fort built on the ridge of a steep narrow hill is well preserved.

Today, Kot Diji is on the way to becoming a more developed area. It has broadband and Wi-Fi internet connections, and all the cellular network service providers are active in the area. Many private and government schools, teaching in English, Urdu, and Hindi, are in Kot Diji. A new shopping centre called "Khazana" has also been built in the city.


Chanhu-daro

Chanhudaro (also Chanhu Daro) is an archaeological site. It was a part of the Jhukar phase of Indus valley civilization. The site is located south of Mohenjo-daro, in Sindh, Pakistan. People lived in the settlement between 4000-1700 BC. Chanhudaro is believed to have been a centre for manufacturing carnelian beads.

Digging first started in Chanhudaro in the middle of the 1930s by the American School of Indic and Iranian Studies and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. After the independence of Pakistan, Mohammed Rafique Mughal also did work in the area.

List of lakes of Romania

The following is a list of lakes in Romania, by type of lake:


Harappa

Harappa () is an archaeological site in Punjab, northeast Pakistan. It is about 35 km (22 miles) southwest of Sahiwal. A village with the same name is located about 6 kilometres from the site. About 15,000 people live there. 

The site got little attention until the 1920s. In 2005, an amusement park scheme was abandoned during the early stages of building work. Harrapa is a beautiful place 

The site contains the ruins of a city from the Bronze Age. The people living in Harappa were part of the Indus Valley Civilization.

National Hockey League rules

While the National Hockey League (NHL) follows the general rules of ice hockey, it is slightly different from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation such as the Olympics. 


Gilgit Agency

Gilgit Agency () was the name of most of the area of northern Kashmir which formed a de facto dependency of Pakistan from 1947 to 1970, which was then merged into Northern Areas. The Agency was administered directly from Islamabad separately from the neighbouring state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir and the princely states of Hunza-Nagar District. The area of the Agency comprised the traditional region of Gilgit. The Agency also bordered the Sinkiang region of China to the northeast, the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir to the south, Baltistan to east, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west. Both India and Pakistan recognise the regions of Gilgit and Baltistan as disputed and technically part of the divided State of Jammu & Kashmir.

The chief towns of the Agency were Gilgit and Skardu with the small town of Ghyari also holding significance for Shia Muslims as the site of a mosque built by Sayyid Ali Hamadani, a fourteenth century Persian who brought Islam to the region

Latifabad Tehsil

Latifabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city of Latifabad is the headquarters of the subdivision

Aar

The Aar (German: "Aare") is a tributary of the Rhine and is the longest river that both comes up from and ends completely inside of Switzerland.

Mehar Tehsil

Mehar Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Dadu District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.

Qasimabad Tehsil

Qasimabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan

Mary

Mary [ mer-ee, mair-ee ] is a female given name. It can refer to:

The name Mary has been a popular name for centuries and continues to be commonly used today. Its rich history and association with various meanings and interpretations make it a name of great significance. The name Mary has been used across different cultures and languages, and it has been given to numerous women throughout history. The name Mary is derived from the Hebrew name Miriam, which translates to "bitterness" or "rebellion." In the Bible, Mary is revered as the mother of Jesus Christ, and she symbolizes purity, grace, and devotion. She is also referred to as the "Queen of Heaven" and is recognized as one of the most significant figures in Christianity. This name was ranked #133 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Asea Brown Boveri

ABB Group is a power and automation company based in Zürich, Switzerland. It is one of the world's largest engineering multinationals with operations in around 100 countries. The company has five divisions: Power Products, Power Systems, Discrete Automation & Motion, Low Voltage Products and Process Automation.

Samaro

Samaro is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is at 25°16'60N 69°23'45E and has an altitude of 11 metres (39 feet), the town is the headquarters of a taluka (an administrative subdivision) of Umerkot District.

Fatehpur Thakiala Tehsil

Fatehpur Thakiala is one of the three tehsils, (administrative subdivisions), of Kotli District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is also called Nakyal.

Alamanni

The Alamanni, Allemanni, or Alemanni were a group of west Germanic peoples. They lived around the upper Main, which is the longest tributary of the Rhine. They expanded their territory around parts of Germania and present-day Alsace. The land they lived on was called Alemannia.


Sibi Tehsil

Sibi Tehsil () is a subdivision (tehsil) of Sibi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.

Schloss Lenzburg

Schloss Lenzburg (also known as Lenzburg Castle) is a castle that was started above the older part of the town of Lenzburg in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland. It is one of the oldest castles in Switzerland.

A1 motorway (Switzerland)

The A1 is a major highway in Switzerland. It stretches across the majority of Northern Switzerland, starting relatively close to Geneva and ends at St. Margrethen. It has roughly 86 exits and buildings (these are listed on the table above).

Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil

Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. 

The tehsil is administratively divided into 21 Union Councils, four of which form the headquarters - Dera Ismail Khan.

Gojal

Gojal Tehsil (), also known as Upper Hunza is the largest tehsil of the Gilgit District, Northern Areas of Pakistan, it is north of the Gilgit region and is close to the Chinese border.

Gojal is a network of small and large valleys sharing borders with Hunza in the South, China in the North and East and Afghanistan in the North West. Shishkat is the first village of Gojal. Except for the Shimshal, Misgar and Chipursan valleys, all villages of Gojal can be seen while travelling on the Karakuram Highway.

The Karakorum Highway (KKH) crosses Gojal entering China at the Khunjerab Pass linking Pakistan to China and, in the future, other Central Asian states such as Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Kazakhstan.

Gojra Tehsil

Gojra Tehsil is a part (tehsil) of Toba Tek Singh District in Punjab, Pakistan. It has an area of 1,115 km² and is administratively separated into 24 Union Councils, 6 of which form the tehsil capital Gojra.

Guanaco

The guanaco ("Lama guanicoe") is camelid animal native to South America. Guanacos are usually found in small herds or loosely structured family groups.

When a member of the herd picks up the slightest hint of danger, it makes a high-pitched warning call, causing the other guanacos to flee swiftly and nimbly across the steep and uneven terrain.

Guanacos generally live at high elevations, grazing on grasses and browsing on leaves and buds.
They can get by without water for long periods of time, obtaining moisture from the plants they eat.

Vicuña

The vicuña ("Vicugna vicugna") is one of two wild South American camelids. The vicuña is the smallest of the camelids. It has had an interesting relationship with humans over time.

The main colour of the soft, wooly coat (hair) is ochre, light cinnamon, or reddish brown. The lower part of the body, the inside of the legs, and the underside of the head are white. On the chest, at the base of the neck, there is a 'mane' of white hairs. They can be 20-30 cm (8-12 inches) in length. The vicuña is very slender (slim). It has long neck and skinny limbs. The head is small and wedge shaped. The ears are small and triangular. The incisors (front teeth) of the vicuña are always growing. It is the only even toed-ungulate with teeth that always grow. The enamel is on only one side. This is because of the tough grasses which they eat.

The vicuña lives in grasslands at elevations of 3,500-5,800 meters (11,700-19,300 feet) in the Andes mountains of Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, and Chile.

Nocturnes (Debussy)

Nocturnes is a piece of music for orchestra by the French composer Claude Debussy. There are three movements. A female chorus also sings in the last movement. Debussy finished writing "Nocturnes" on 15 December 1899. 

The three movements each have a title. They are:

A large portion of Debussy’s music, including his nocturnes, is inspired by the works of the Impressionist painters. The word nocturne (from the Latin "nocturnus") usually describes a piece that is inspired by the night. However, Debussy's Nocturnes do not follow this patter; rather, they capture the way light is shown in Impressionist paintings.

'Nuages' is about the clouds in the sky and the way they move slowly in grey colours with a little white.

'Fêtes' is a very lively picture of a group of people having a celebration and dancing. A procession is heard arriving. The music of the procession gradually gets louder, mixes with the music of the dancing, then it gradually dies away as the procession disappears into the distance.

'Sirènes' describes the sea and the many rhythms that can be heard when we listen to it. The moonlight shines on the sea, and the mysterious song of the Sirens is heard as they laugh.

The Lamoureux Orchestra conducted by Camille Chevillard gave the first performance of "Nuages" and "Fêtes" in Paris in 1900, and they played the first performance of all three movements the next year. Some of the listeners found it hard to understand at first, but today "Nocturnes" is one of Debussy’s most popular works.

The music lasts for about 22 minutes.

Brooklyn Nets

The Brooklyn Nets are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in the New York City community of Brooklyn. They play their home games in the, Barclays Center.

The team was founded as the New Jersey Americans in 1967, and played in the American Basketball Association (ABA). After one season in that state, they moved to Long Island, becoming the New York Nets. In 1976, the Nets were one of four ABA teams that joined the NBA, and returned to New Jersey a year later, becoming the New Jersey Nets. After their return to New Jersey, they played on the campus of Rutgers University. In 1981, they moved to East Rutherford, closer to New York City. In 2010, they moved to Newark, and played there until their new Brooklyn arena was built. Once they moved to Brooklyn, they became the Brooklyn Nets.


NBA Rookie of the Year

NBA Executive of the Year

NBA Sportsmanship Award

J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award
All-NBA First Team

All-NBA Second Team

All-NBA Third Team

NBA All-Defensive First Team

NBA All-Defensive Second Team
NBA All-Rookie Team

NBA All-Rookie Team|NBA Rookie Second Team

Cleveland Cavaliers

The Cleveland Cavaliers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Cleveland, Ohio. They began playing in 1970. They play their home games at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse, originally known as Gund Arena and later as Quicken Loans Arena. They now have one NBA championship won in 2016 with the help of LeBron James.

For years, the team had little success, although with players such as Brad Daugherty and Mark Price, they had some success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. They reached the Eastern Conference Finals in 1992, where they lost to Michael Jordan's Chicago Bulls.

In 2003, the Cavaliers won the NBA Draft lottery, and chose LeBron James with the first pick. James became a star, and the Cavaliers reached the NBA Finals for the first time in 2007. However, they lost to the San Antonio Spurs, 4 games to 0. This was the only time that the Cavaliers reached the NBA Finals until 2015

James's contract ran out in 2010, and James decided not to sign another contract with the Cavaliers. Instead, he would play for the Miami Heat where he lead the team to four straight Finals, winning two of them. The Cavaliers were immediately a worse team. At one point during the 2010-2011 season, they lost 26 games in a row. This set a new NBA record for the most games lost in a row.

After the 2013–14 season, James' contract with the Heat ended, and he decided to return to the Cavaliers. The team, which in the meantime had added rising star Kyrie Irving and would soon add another star in Kevin Love, once again became NBA title contenders. Despite Irving and Love being out with injuries, LeBron lead the Cavaliers to a 2–1 lead, but lost the 2015 NBA Finals to the Golden State Warriors in six games, and won a rematch against the Warriors in the 2016 Finals after coming down 3–1 being the first team in the NBA Finals to do so. The championship was the first ever for the Cavaliers, and the first for any major sports team in Cleveland in over 50 years. However, the Cavaliers lost to the Warriors in 2017 and 2018 Finals. James once again left the Cavaliers and joined the Los Angeles Lakers where he won his fourth championship in his second season with the team.

They are now lead by Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland, and Evan Mobley.

Indiana Pacers

The Indiana Pacers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Indianapolis, Indiana. They began playing in the American Basketball Association (ABA) from 1967 to 1976. The Pacers joined the NBA in 1976. They play their home games at Gainbridge Fieldhouse.

Fan (machine)

Fans are a device used for cooling themselves down when they feel hot, especially:


The fans making history are at least 3000 years, and the earliest fans can date from 3000 BC according to the record. Fans were first made in China. The first European folding fans were brought into Europe by businessman and religious orders from China, and they are considered as a status symbol in Europe then.

Washington Wizards

The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Washington, D.C. at the Verizon Center. They were known as the Washington Bullets from 1974–1997 and were formed as the Chicago Packers in 1961. Michael Jordan came out of his second retirement to play with the Washington Wizards from 2001–02 and was the Wizards' president of basketball operations from 2001 - 2003 until he was fired by Wizards' majority owner Abe Pollin.

The team won an NBA Championship in 1978 over the Seattle SuperSonics. Wes Unseld was the Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals.

Orlando Magic

The Orlando Magic are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Orlando, Florida. They began playing in 1989. They play their home games at the Kia Center. They are the only team in the "big four" sports leagues to be based in Orlando. Steve Clifford is the current owner of the team.

Charlotte Hornets (NBA)

The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play their home games at the Spectrum Center. Most of the team is owned by Michael Jordan, who was a star player for the Chicago Bulls in the 1980s and 1990s. The team started playing in 2004 as the Charlotte Bobcats, and was the second NBA team to play in Charlotte (the New Orleans Pelicans had played in Charlotte as the Hornets from 1988 to 2002). In 2010, the Bobcats made the playoffs for the first time.

After the New Orleans Hornets renamed themselves the Pelicans in 2013, they gave the "Hornets" name back to the NBA. The Bobcats soon announced they would rename themselves the Hornets beginning with the 2014–15 NBA season, and the name change became official on May 20, 2014.

At the time of the change to "Hornets", the team also said that it had reached a deal with the NBA and the Pelicans to split the Pelicans' history and records between the two teams:

Denver Nuggets

The Denver Nuggets are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Denver, Colorado. They play their home games at Ball Arena, formerly known as Pepsi Center. Carmelo Anthony, Chauncey Billups, J.R. Smith, Allen Iverson, and Nenê used to play for them. Led by current stars Nikola Jokić, Jamal Murray, and Michael Porter Jr., the Nuggets made their first Finals appearance in 2023 facing the Miami Heat, winning 4 games to 1 to win their first NBA championship.

Memphis Grizzlies

The Memphis Grizzlies are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games at the FedExForum in Memphis, Tennessee.

In 1995, the team began playing in the NBA. The team was then in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and was called the Vancouver Grizzlies. In 2001, the Grizzlies moved to Memphis because the previous owner, Orca Bay Sports and Entertainment, started losing money on the franchise due to low attendance and a weak Canadian dollar.

Los Angeles Clippers

The Los Angeles Clippers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games in the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, California. The Los Angeles Lakers also play their home games in the crypto.com arena. They are set to move into the new arena in 2024, the Intuit Dome.

Texas A&amp;M University–Corpus Christi

Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi is a public university in Corpus Christi, Texas, United States. It has about 7,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1947. 

Freedom of the press

Freedom of the press is a promise by a government not to punish journalists (and other people who report the news) for doing their job. It is an idea like freedom of speech: it lets people express their opinions or beliefs. Many countries have laws or constitutional amendments protecting freedom of the press. The word "press" in the phrase comes from the printing press.

Like with freedom of speech, freedom of the press does not protect everything that a journalist writes. A journalist can be sued for libel, which is publishing false and damaging claims about a person. Publishing copyrighted material is not legal in many countries. Writing about state secrets, like military plans, weapon designs, or other classified information is almost always illegal.

Olympic Flame

The Olympic Flame or Olympic Torch is a symbol of the Olympic Games. A committee plans the route that it goes through, which ends at the city where the event is being hosted. Sometimes people use the torch route to make a point. During the 2008 Olympic torch relay to Beijing, people talked about and held signs that were against China's human rights record and signs that said Tibet was not a part of China.


Freedom of assembly

Freedom of assembly and freedom of association, is the right to join together with others peacefully to reach common goals and express common opinions, both in public and in private. This usually includes business groups (or corporation), civic organizations, labor unions, political parties, and protest groups. 

Freedom of assemble does not mean that any group can come together for any purpose. Some governments prohibit militias, or groups of people outside the military that gather weapons and train soldiers, from demonstrating in public with their weapons to cause violence and a disturbance.

Many developed nations protect the freedom of assembly. Many have passed laws or constitutional amendments ensuring that people will be able to freely assemble. These include:

First Amendment to the United States Constitution

The First Amendment to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights that protects freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly, freedom of the press, and right to petition. 

The Establishment Clause does not allow the government to support one religion more than any other religion. The government also can not say that a religion or a god is true. This is often described as "separation of church and state", where "state" means "The Government". It also does not allow the government to establish a national religion. It allows people to debate religion freely without the federal government of the United States getting involved. The clause did not stop the various states from supporting a particular religion, and several states did.


Parliamentary procedure

Parliamentary procedure is a commonly accepted way in which a group of people work together to discuss and make decisions. It is a set of rules for meetings.

The term gets its name from its use in the Parliamentary system of government.

In the 16th century, there were rules of order in the early British Parliaments. In the 1560s, Sir Thomas Smith published a book about the procedures in the House of Commons in 1583. Early rules included

The Westminster parliamentary procedures are followed in several Commonwealth countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, India, and South Africa. In Canada, for example, Parliament uses ["House of Commons Procedure and Practice" as its primary procedural authority.

The rules of the United States Congress were developed from the parliamentary procedures used in Britain. Variations of the American parliamentary procedures are followed in many nations, including Indonesia, the Phillipines, Mexico and South Korea.

In contrast, the procedures of the Diet of Japan have moved away from the British parliamentary model. After the end of World War II, there were efforts to bring Japanese parliamentary procedures more in line with American congressional practices. In Japan, informal negotiations are more important than formal procedures.

In the US, the most widely used set of rules is "Robert's Rules of Order".



Militia

A militia is a group of people who are not in the standing army or regular military but do many military tasks such as collecting weapons, training soldiers, defending people or land and policing an area. Militias are often made up of veterans, who used to be in the military. 

Some militias, like the United States National Guard, are organized by a government. It is a group of state militias that help with wars, natural disasters and other emergencies. Others are not connected to a government and may even be illegal. One common definition of a militia includes all men who can serve as soldiers.

In the early late 20th century, some militias acted as professional forces but were still "part-time" or "on-call" organizations. 

Pictures at an Exhibition

Pictures at an Exhibition is a piece of music for solo piano composed by Modest Mussorgsky in 1874. It is Mussorgsky’s most famous solo piano work and often played by virtuosos to show how good they are. Many years after Mussorgsky’s death, Maurice Ravel made an arrangement of the piece for orchestra. This version, by a Russian composer and a French arranger, is how people usually hear the music today. 

"Pictures at an Exhibition" is a musical description of an exhibition of pictures by the painter Viktor Hartmann. Hartmann was only 39 when he died in 1873. He and Mussorgsky had been good friends. They both tried to give their works a very Russian character: Hartmann through his pictures and Mussorgsky through his music. In 1874 an exhibition of Hartmann’s pictures was organised in the Academy of Fine Arts in St Petersburg. Mussorgsky went to the exhibition and was inspired to compose his piano piece. 

"Pictures at an Exhibition" describes someone walking round the exhibition and looking at the pictures. The ten pictures he describes in music were drawings and watercolours. Mussorgsky starts his piece with a tune which describes the person walking round the exhibition. It is usually known as the “promenade” theme (a promenade is a walk). At first Mussorgsky puts the promenade theme between each picture, but he does not do that all the way through the piece. Some of the later pictures have bits of the promenade theme in the music.

Mussorgsky composed the piece very quickly. It was not published until 1886, five years after the composer’s death. The composer’s great friend Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov published it, but he made some changes to what Mussorgsky had written. It was not until 1931 that an edition was published which tried to show exactly what Mussorgsky had written.

Four of the pictures that Mussorgsky described in his music:


These are the ten pictures which are then described in Mussorgsky’s music:




Wine (disambiguation)

Wine is an alcoholic beverage.

Wine can also mean:


Wine (software)

Wine is a piece of software which lets Unix-like computer operating systems on the x86 and x86-64 architectures to execute programs written for Microsoft Windows. Wine runs Windows programs without using emulation. Wine also provides a software library known as "Winelib" which developers can compile Windows applications against to help port them to Unix-like systems. Some Wine code is used in ReactOS, a free operating system that is Windows-compatible and is not based on Unix.

The Wine developers released version 1.0 of Wine, after 15 years of development, on June 17 2008. 
Wine is free software, released under terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL).


Carbon-12

Carbon-12 (also written C) is an isotope of carbon. It is the most common isotope of carbon, as 98.89% of all carbon is this type of carbon. It is one of two stable (non-radioactive) isotopes of carbon. The other is carbon-13.

Carbon-12 is important in chemistry as it is the benchmark from which all other relative atomic masses are worked out. Its relative atomic mass is exactly 12.


Art rock

Art rock (also sometimes called progressive rock or classical rock) is a sub-genre of rock music that has "experimental influences". It tries to make rock music into art instead of just entertainment. It often uses longer songs than other genres of rock. It uses different techniques such as elements (parts) of classical music. It is not usually music to dance to, but music to just listen to. It started in the 1960s. Phil Spector (an American music producer) and Brian Wilson (the leader of The Beach Boys) are two early examples of musicians making art rock. The genre was popular with British bands at the end of the 1960s and the beginning of the 1970s. 

Art rock is often the same as progressive rock, especially for bands in the 1970s. Allmusic says that progressive rock and art rock are almost the same; both describe rock music that is more artistic. The term "Progressive rock" became more popular to talk of the genre of rock music. Art rock is often to describe bands that are harder to define.

Princeton University's Wordnet dictionary says that "progressive rock, art rock" are "a style of rock music that [came out] in the 1970s; associated with attempts to [mix] rock with jazz and other forms." It also says that it is meant "for listening and not dancing".

Examples include Queen, King Crimson, The Who, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, David Bowie, The Velvet Underground, The Beatles, Genesis, Radiohead and Yes.

MIT License

The MIT License is a free software license that was created at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). It is a permissive license, meaning that it allows programmers to put the code in proprietary software on the condition that the license is given with that software, and GPL-compatible, meaning that the GPL permits programmers to combine and redistribute it with software that uses the MIT License.

According to the Free Software Foundation, the MIT License is more accurately called the X11 license, since MIT has used many licenses for software and the license was first written for the X Window System.

Software that use the MIT License include Expat, PuTTY, Mono development platform class libraries, Ruby on Rails, Cakephp, Twisted, Lua 5.0 onwards and the X Window System, which the license was written for.

Some software are dual licensed under the MIT License, such as older versions of the cURL library, which allowed recipients to choose either the Mozilla Public License or the MIT License.

This is the license:



Blender (magazine)

Blender is an American music magazine that self-identifies as "the ultimate guide to music and more." It is also known for sometimes having pictures of female celebrities that showing them with a lot of their body uncovered. It puts together lists of albums, artists, and songs, including both "best of" lists and "worst of" lists. In each issue, there is a review of an artist's entire discography, with a review of each album. The magazine teamed up with VH1 to create the "50 Most Awesomely Bad Songs".

"Blender" is published by Dennis Publishing. The magazine was started in 1994 as the first digital CD-ROM magazine by Jason Pearson, David Cherry & Regina Joseph, acquired by Felix Dennis/Dennis Publishing, UK. It published 15 digital CD issues, and launched on the web in 1997. It started publishing a print edition again in 1999 in the same form that it does today. Blender CD-ROM showcased the earliest digital editorial (paper) formats, as well as the first forms of digital advertising. The first digital advertisers included: Calvin Klein, Apple Computer, Toyota and Nike.


Discography

Discography is the study and listing of sound recordings. The word comes from the word "disc", which is the most commonly used term for describing the format used most for sound recordings in the 20th century, and the "-graph" suffix meaning something written.

A listing of all recordings of a musician or singer is usually called their "discography". Discographies may also be created based on a particular musical genre or record label, for example, so that all artists in a genre, or that have contracts with a certain label, are listed together.

The term "discography" became popular in the 1930s by collectors of jazz records. Jazz fans did research and self-published discographies about when jazz records were made and what musicians were on the records, as record companies did not commonly include that information on/with the records at that time.



Euoplocephalus

Euplocephalus (meaning "well-armored head") was a large armored dinosaur, measuring about 20 feet (6 m) long; it weighed about 2 tons. Its wide head had a horny, toothless beak, small, peg-like cheek teeth, bony horns, and a small brain. Among its contemporaries were the large meat-eating "Tyrannosaurus" and "Deinonychus".

Fossils from more than 40 individuals have been discovered in Alberta, Canada and Montana in the United States, making "Euoplocephalus" the best known ankylosaurid. This includes 15 skulls, teeth, and a few almost-complete skeletons, found with the armor still attached. Individual armor plates are the most commonly found element from them.

Progressive metal

Progressive metal (often called prog metal) is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that mixes the powerful, guitar-driven sound of metal with the complexity of progressive rock, which includes odd time signatures and complicated instrumental playing. Some progressive metal bands are also influenced by jazz fusion and classical music. Like progressive rock songs, progressive metal songs are usually much longer than other metal songs, and they are often themed in concept albums. As a result, progressive metal is rarely heard on mainstream radio and video programs.

Progressive metal started with progressive rock bands from the late 1960s and early to mid-1970s such as Yes, Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull, King Crimson, Genesis, Kansas and Rush. It did not evolve into a genre of its own until the mid-1980s. Bands such as Queensrÿche, Fates Warning and Dream Theater took certain aspects of progressive rock music and mixed them with heavy metal styles.


Mamenchisaurus

Mamenchisaurus was a long-necked, plant-eating sauropod dinosaur. It had the longest necks of any known dinosaur. "Mamenchisaurus" was first discovered in 1952 on the construction site of the Yitang Highway in Sichuan Province of China. There are a number of species.

Its neck was about 46 feet (14 m). It had 19 vertebrae in its neck, more than any other known dinosaur. "Mamenchisaurus" was about 70 to 80 feet (21 to 25 m) long and weighed roughly 12 tons (11 tonnes). 

Its hind legs were longer than the front legs; these hind legs were similar to the legs of "Diplodocus". Its skull however, was box-shaped, unlike "Diplodocus"' elongated snout.

Knoxville, Tennessee

Knoxville is the third-largest city in the state of Tennessee, in the United States of America. The largest city in the state is Nashville, followed by Memphis. Knoxville is the county seat of Knox County. In 2020, it had a population of 190,740.

The city has been often called "The Streaking Capital of the World" and "The Underwear Capital of the World".

Knoxville was founded in 1786 and is the second oldest of Tennessee's four major cities, after Nashville which was founded in 1779. After Tennessee's admission into the Union in 1796, Knoxville was the state's first capital. In 1819, the capital was moved to Murfreesboro, prior to Nashville becoming the current capital. The city was named in honor of the first Secretary of War, Henry Knox.

Knoxville's economy is largely fueled by the regional location of the main campus of the University of Tennessee, the and other Department of Energy facilities in nearby Oak Ridge, the National Transportation Research Center, and the Tennessee Valley Authority.

Knoxville's textile and manufacturing industries were hurt by foreign competition in the 1950s and 1960s. After the building of the Interstate Highway system in the 1960s, the railroad—which had been largely responsible for Knoxville's industrial growth—began to decline. Suburban shopping malls in the 1970s took retail revenues away from Knoxville's Downtown area. So, the city sought to recover the massive loss of revenue by trying to annex neighboring communities in Knox County. People fought these annexation attempts. Several efforts to combine all of the Knoxville and Knox County governments failed. But the city and county school boards merged on 1 July 1987.

Knoxville tried to improve its downtown. The 1982 World's Fair—the most successful of these projects—became one of the most popular world's fairs in U.S. history with 11 million visitors. The fair's energy theme was selected due to Knoxville being the headquarters of the Tennessee Valley Authority and for the city's proximity to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The Sunsphere, a steel truss structure topped with a gold-colored glass sphere, was built for the fair and remains one of Knoxville's most prominent buildings, along with the adjacent amphitheater which underwent a renovation that was completed in 2008.

Ever since, Knoxville's downtown has been developing, with the opening of the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame and the Knoxville Convention Center, redevelopment of Market Square, a new visitors center, a regional history museum, a Regal Cinemas theater, several restaurants and bars, and many new and redeveloped condominiums. Since 2000 Knoxville has successfully brought business back to the downtown area. The arts in particular have begun to flourish, there are multiple venues for outdoor concerts. The Tennessee and Bijou Theaters were renovated.

Knoxville has seven sister cities as designated by Sister Cities International:


Così fan tutte

Così fan tutte, ossia La scuola degli amanti ("Women are like that, or The school for lovers") is an "opera buffa" with music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and an Italian libretto by Lorenzo Da Ponte. "Così" was first performed at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 26 January 1790. 

Legend says the opera was based on a real-life incident that occurred in Vienna. In the 19th century, the opera was considered somewhat naughty, and was rarely performed. Modern critics however believe that the music is some of Mozart's finest, and the opera is now frequently performed around the world.

The opera is set in Naples in the 18th century. Don Alfonso wagers two young soldiers that their sweethearts will prove unfaithful if given the chance. The men accept the bet. They tell their sweethearts that they have been called to the front and leave Naples.

They return however as turban-clad, moustache-wearing "Albanians" to woo each other's sweetheart. With the conniving of Despina, the two sisters consent to marry the foreigners. At the last moment, the men remove their disguises, and rebuke their faithless sweethearts.

Revolver (magazine)

Revolver is a monthly hard rock and heavy metal magazine published by Future US. It started as a magazine that was about more popular styles of music, but then changed to what it is now. The magazine is put together a lot like "Spin", and also writes about the heavy metal and punk subcultures. It has cover stories (usually centering on a band's new album, song, or upcoming tour), album reviews, instrument reviews, and a section for readers to get advice from a celebrity.

Another notable feature of the magazine is its coverage of underground and up-and-coming bands from all over the world. Instead of focusing only on the most popular bands, "Revolver" introduces a lot that are not played on the radio or on MTV.

Its slogan is: "The World's Loudest Rock Magazine!"


University of York

The University of York is a research-intensive university in the city of York, England. York University began in 1963, and has more than 30 departments and centres, covering many subjects.

Despite its relatively young age, the university has a big reputation. York has been named the 8th best "young university" in the world, and first in the UK, building a "reputation to rival Oxford and Cambridge".

The university is among the top 10 in the country, top 20 universities in Europe, and ranked 96th in the world, according to the 2011 QS World University Rankings. This places York in the top 1% of all higher education institutions across the globe.

In the last Research Assessment Exercise in 2008, York was also named as the 8th best research institution in the United Kingdom. The university was named Sunday Times university of the year in 2003 and Times Higher Education university of the year in 2010. In 2012, The University of York was invited to join the Russell Group in recognition of the institution's world-leading research and outstanding teaching.


Magazine circulation

A magazine's circulation is the number of copies it usually distributes for each issue. It is one of the main factors used to determine how much money they will charge businesses to advertise in the magazine. Circulation is not always the same as copies sold, which is usually called paid circulation, because many magazines are distributed to readers without making them pay anything. This is more true for magazines dealing with business and professional topics. When determining readership figures, which is how many people read an issue, the number is usually considered to be higher than the circulation figures because of the assumption that most copies of the magazine are read by more than one person. In many countries, circulation figures are checked by companies that do not work for the magazine, such as the Audit Bureau of Circulations, to make sure that the numbers a publisher gives to advertisers is accurate.

Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa

Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa von Nettesheim (14 September 1486 – 18 February 1535) was a German occult writer, astrologer, and alchemist.

Agrippa was born in Cologne in 1486. In 1512, he taught at the University of Dole in France.

In 1510, he studied briefly with Johannes Trithemius.

During this part of his life in Germany, France and Italy, he worked as a theologian, physician, legal expert and soldier.

He was for some time in the service of Maximilian I.

According to his student Johann Weyer, in the book "De praestigiis daemonum", Agrippa died in Grenoble, in 1535.


Paracelsus

Paracelsus (11 November or 17 December 1493 in Einsiedeln, Switzerland – 24 September 1541 in Salzburg, Austria) was a Swiss-Austrian alchemist, physician, astrologer, and general occultist. The name "Paracelsus" was a nickname: it means "equal to or greater than Celsus", and refers to his medical skill. He was born Phillip von Hohenheim.

He gained his doctorate degree from the University of Ferrara in 1515 or 1516.

He gave zinc its name (in Latin as "zincum"). He also named the cyanobacterium "Nostoc", which is a long-chain colonial bacterium. The adjective "bombastic" comes from his family name. It refers to his arrogance.

Paracelsus was responsible for the creation of laudanum, an alcoholic herbal opium preparation. It was in common use up to the 19th century. Like most of the alchemists, he was a notable botanist. He wrote various books, but especially his major work (title translated as: "On the miners' sickness and other diseases of miners"). This listed the occupational hazards of metalworking, including treatment and prevention strategies. He also wrote a book on the human body which contradicted Galen's ideas. He disagreed with Galen's idea of four humours, and instead believed that disease could come from an external source.



Morris

Maurice de Bevere (December 1, 1923 - July 16, 2001), better known as Morris, was a Belgian cartoonist and the creator of "Lucky Luke".

He was born in Kortrijk, Belgium and started drawing in the Compagnie Belge d'Actualités (CBA) animations studios, a small and short-lived animation studio in Belgium where he met Peyo and André Franquin. 
After a war, the company went bankrupt and Morris worked as an illustrator for "Het Laatste Nieuws", a Flemish newspaper, and "Le Moustique", a weekly magazine published by Dupuis, for which he made some 250 covers and numerous other illustrations, mainly caricatures of movie stars.

He died in 2001 by an accidental fall.


Palos Verdes blue

The Palos Verdes blue butterfly is a small endangered butterfly that can be seen near the Palos Verdes Peninsula in southwest Los Angeles County, California. So far, it can only be seen here and might be one of the rarest butterflies in the world.

This butterfly has a wingspan of only 25–30 mm. The male has a bright silvery-blue dorsal wing outlined in a narrow line of black, while the female’s dorsal wing is a more brownish-gray color. Both males and females have gray ventral wings with dark spots surrounded by white rings.

"G. lygdamus palosverdesensis" was listed as an endangered species by the Fish and Wildlife Service on July 2, 1980. Insects are not currently protected by California law.

The main threat to the Palos Verdes blue has been the destruction of their living space by weeds, which has negative effects on the larval foodplants needed.

Wingspan

The wingspan of an airplane or a bird is the distance from the tip of one wing to the tip of the other. The wingspan of an aircraft is always measured in a straight line, from wingtip to wingtip, independently of wing shape or sweep.

To measure the wingspan of a bird, a live or freshly dead specimen is placed flat on its back, the wings are grasped at the wrist joints and ankles, and then the distance is measured between the tips of the longest primary feathers on each wing.

Talent agent

A talent agent, or booking agent, is a person who finds jobs for actors, musicians, models, and other people in different entertainment businesses. Agents make their money by taking a percentage of the money that their client is paid.

Félix Houphouët-Boigny

Félix Houphouët-Boigny (; 18 October 1905 – 7 December 1993) was the first President of Côte d'Ivoire. He was president until he died in 1993.

University of Cambridge

The University of Cambridge (also called Cambridge University) is in Cambridge, England. It is the second-oldest university in all English-speaking countries. It is one of the world's leading places of learning.
The University started as a group of scholars in the city of Cambridge. This may have started in 1209 when scholars left Oxford after a fight with local people. The universities of Oxford and Cambridge are often called "Oxbridge". This is not a different university. It is a way of saying Oxford and Cambridge together. Cambridge University and Oxford University are both crucial to the history of England.

Cambridge is usually ranked in the world's top five universities. UK rankings and tests on the quality of its research also rate it very highly. Cambridge has more than 18,000 students and many sports clubs and societies.

Many important people studied at the University of Cambridge, including scientists, poets, artists, politicians and members of the British Royal Family. 121 former students and staff from Cambridge later won a Nobel Prize.

The official creation of the University was in 1231 when King Henry III of England gave people the right to teach students and lower taxes. A letter from Pope Gregory IX in 1233 also gave the right to everyone who got a degree from Cambridge to teach in any place in the Christian world.

In 1290, Pope Nicholas IV called Cambridge a "studium generale" (name for a university in Medieval times). From that point, many researchers and teachers from other European universities started to come to Cambridge to work or give lessons.

Colleges started as places for students and teachers to live. They were called hostels at first. The students paid money to build and run these hostels. All colleges were formed after the beginning of the University. Over the years, colleges bought all of these hostels back. However, some old names still resist today, such as Garret Hostel Lane which was named after Garret Hostel.

Peterhouse was the first official college to be created in 1284. Many followed over the centuries and today there are 31. The last one, Robinson, was built in the 1970s. Many of these have a chapel because the members should have prayed for the soul of the founders (the people who created the college).

The University was one of the most important places where the Protestant Reformation began. The Protestant Reformation was a movement in Europe where people started disagreeing with certain teachings of the Catholic Church In fact, people started talking about Lutheranism - a type of Protestantism - very early in Cambridge. Thomas Cranmer, who became a central figure in reform, studied at Cambridge.

A century later, some people in Cambridge started to think that the Church of England was still too much like the Catholic church. They started the Puritan movement. This produced more than 20,000 people who left for New England around 1620 in search of a place with better religious beliefs. Oliver Cromwell, a very important member of this movement, was a student at Sidney Sussex College during this time.

Cambridge has been strong in applied mathematics since Isaac Newton was a student here in the 17th century. Every student had to study maths to obtain a degree. The degree was awarded as a "Bachelor of Arts" which mixed both arts and science subjects. Several important early physicists studied at Cambridge. They include James Clerk Maxwell, Lord Kelvin and Lord Rayleigh. Pure mathematics was slower to catch up, but Cambridge is still famous for it thanks to people like G.H. Hardy.

Six maths graduates from Cambridge won Fields Medals and one got an Abel Prize. These are the world's highest awards for mathematicians. Four other researchers at Cambridge also won Fields Medals.

People at the University of Cambridge have made many important scientific discoveries. These are some of the best-known ones:

For many years only men were allowed to study at Cambridge. In 1869 Girton, the first college for women was built. Women could take exams from 1882, but only in 1948 did they start to be considered full members of the university. For a certain time, they even received "ad eundem" degrees (degrees from a University you have not studied at, but you deserve) from the University of Dublin.

Over the years, more women-only colleges were built, until in 1972 Churchill was the first one to become mixed. Many others followed, and in 1988 Magdalene was the last men-only college to open to women. However, there are still some colleges for women only. Cambridge is the only university that still has this characteristic. All other universities in the UK, including Oxford, now have only mixed colleges.

Since it is very old, the University has many legends and traditions. These are often passed on by older students to the younger ones. Tour guides also tell these stories to tourists.

The wooden spoon tradition was to give this type of spoon to the student who was the worst in the year for mathematics but still passed the exams. This was because the students used to be ranked in order of their results. After 1909 this was changed and so the wooden spoon cannot be given anymore. However, still today in many sports competitions a wooden spoon is given to the last person in the rankings.

Many legends exist about places in Cambridge. For example, there is a story about the "Mathematical Bridge" in Queen's College. Newton built it without using any bolts or screws. Some people then took it down to see how it was made. When they tried to put it up again they could not do it, so they had to insert many bolts.

Another tradition is that the King's College choir sings the Nine Lessons and Carols church service. This is recorded by the BBC and sent around the world since 1928 by the radio. From 1954 it can also be seen on television. Many people watch it on Christmas Eve in Great Britain.

The University of Cambridge is a "collegiate" university. This means it is divided into colleges, and every student and teacher joins one college only. Every one of these colleges has its property and money. They all have many Fellows who can teach all the subjects between them. Then there are Departments and Faculties, which are buildings where only one subject is studied. Some Schools bring different Departments and Faculties together. The overall head of the University is called the Vice-Chancellor. They are heads of the Senate and Regent House which make decisions for the whole University.

There are 31 colleges in Cambridge:



<nowiki>*</nowiki>Only for women

†Only for Postgraduate students

‡Only for students older than 21

There are also 3 smaller affiliated colleges: Westcott House, Westminster College and Ridley Hall. These are not part of Cambridge University, but students there can follow the University's lessons. They are only for theology, the study of religion. These three colleges together form the "Cambridge Theological Federation".

The teaching is done through lectures and practical classes (where students do experiments in science subjects) organised by the Department. The colleges also organise supervision. These are small lessons in groups of 1 to 4: the students do some homework and then talk about it with a teacher. This is often considered one of the best things about studying at Cambridge. The teaching is very personal; students can ask questions and understand the subject.

There are more than 150 different faculties and departments in Cambridge. These are then grouped into "Schools". These have a supervisory body, a group of people who check that the departments are doing ok. There are six Schools:

The year is divided into three parts. The first one is Michaelmas Term, which is from October to December and takes its name from St Michael's day and Christmas. The second one is Lent Term which goes from January to March. The last one is Easter Term, from April to June. Within these times, there is 8 weeks called "Full Term". Most lessons and exams happen in Full Term. All students need to live in college for this period. There is a University rule which says that students can get their degree only if they have stayed for at least 9 terms (3 years) at a distance of fewer than 10 miles from the main Church in Cambridge.

The head of the University is the Chancellor. As of 2013, he is David Sainsbury. He was elected in 2011 after Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh said he did not want to do it anymore. Prince Philip had been Chancellor for 25 years. The position of Chancellor is mainly ceremonial. That means that the Chancellor does not take part in many decisions. He is just there because an overall head of the University is needed.

The Vice-Chancellor instead is the one that makes most decisions. For example, he/she approves and signs new rules. The role is given to a person for at least five years. The current Vice-Chancellor is Stephen J. Toope.

The Senate House is a building in Cambridge. The degree ceremony takes place there. Any Cambridge student who has an MA degree is a member of the Senate. It is also the place where the important people in the University meet to take decisions. These important people are different Officers and Fellows of the colleges. They are also called the "Regent House". This is not another building, it is just a way of calling these people. They can make and change rules when they meet. News and information are printed and given out in the "Cambridge University Reporter". This is the official newspaper of the university.

The university had £7.1 billion in endowments in 2019. This money was given over lots of time by many people. This is the largest amount of money for any university in Europe. Every college controls its money on its own. They are all considered charitable organisations. The British Government also gives money to research grants: these are for postgraduate students and their teachers. There is also some income produced by Cambridge University Press.

In 2000, Cambridge received a very large donation of US$210 million from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. This was to set up a scholarship so that US and other international students could study in Cambridge more easily. Bill Gates was also made a Knight by the Queen because of his generosity. Between 2005 and 2012, a campaign was made to get £1 billion from old students. This was at the same time as the University's 800th anniversary. The campaign got to the target early in 2010.

The University is spread around the town of Cambridge. The older colleges are on the river Cam. The departments and faculties are spread in different places, usually grouped in sites. There are nine main sites:


Addenbrooke's Hospital is where the medicine students go to learn how to cure patients. The "Judge Business School" is another important building: this is where courses about business and finance are taught. Since the different sites are quite close to each other, many students like to use bicycles to move around. A fifth of the journeys in the town is made by bike. Students are also not allowed to drive a car while they are in Cambridge.

Local people from Cambridge don't always like the students. "Town and Gown" is a phrase to talk about this relationship. "Town" means the Cambridge locals while "Gown" means the students and teachers, from the type of dress they wear. Since the University began, there have been some fights between the two groups. In 1381, many things were stolen from the university and colleges. The Chancellor was then given extra power to control the order in the town. When the plague arrived in Cambridge in 1630, many colleges closed up. They did not want to help the locals who had the disease.

However, more recently there have been fewer fights. The University also means more jobs and money for the population. There are many small industries that were created in Cambridge because the University was near. This effect is called "The Cambridge Phenomenon". Between 1960-2010 there have been 1,500 new companies and 40,000 new jobs in Cambridge just thanks to the University.

The University has 114 libraries. The main one is called "Cambridge University Library". It is a legal deposit, which means every book that is printed in the United Kingdom goes into this library. Many departments have their own library as well. They usually have special books for their subjects only. All colleges have a library. This is mainly for the undergraduates so that they can read basic books about their subjects. Some colleges also have very precious books and manuscripts. For example, the Parker Library (Corpus Christi College) has special books from Medieval times.

The university also has 8 museums and a botanical garden:

One of the main aims of the University of Cambridge is to do scientific research. All the departments are always studying and discovering new things. Many important people have done research in Cambridge. This is because the university has a lot of money and resources like laboratories and books. It had £283.7 M in 2011 to spend on research; this was mainly given by the UK Government and the European Commission.
Students need to pass some tests and Interviews to be allowed in Cambridge. For undergraduates, the application is done through UCAS. This is as with any other university in the UK. Students need to be very good to enter Cambridge. If they study A-levels, they are asked to get at least A*AA. Because many good students apply, the interview is very important to choose the best ones. These are done by Fellows. Usually about 25% of the applicants get a place. However, the number changes depending on the subjects. Some of them, like medicine and economics, are very hard to get into. Students need to choose a college before doing the application. They may later have to change it if the college thinks they are good but does not have enough places for them.

For postgraduates the application is different. They need to ask professors (teachers) in the departments they want to work in. After an interview, they can be given a place. They then have to get some funding (money to do the project). This can be given from a government or another institution.

Some people think that admission to Cambridge is not very fair. This is because it is easier to get in if you go to a private school instead of a state school. In 2007-2008, only 57% of students who got a place were coming from a state school. However, about 93% of British children go to them. If a student goes to a private school, he/she is also more likely to get a place after the interview. In 2011, only 25% of students that applied from state schools got a place, while the percentage was 33% for private school students. The University is trying to make things better by making the admission process easier and giving scholarships for the poorer students. Another problem is that year after year there are also fewer people from state schools applying.

Cambridge does very well when the quality of research is tested. In 2001, it was ranked first in the British Government Assessment Exercise. Cambridge also gives out more PhDs in a year than any other UK university.

The following table has Cambridge results over the years in various College and university rankings.

The colleges also have a ranking between them. This is called the "Tompkins Table". It is published every year by The Independent newspaper. Trinity College and Emmanuel College usually do very well in it.

The University also runs many public examinations. This can be for people who want to take language tests in English for example. Some of the A-level and GCSEs exams are also written and organized here.

The University of Cambridge is a member of

It is also considered part of the "Golden Triangle", a geographical concentration of UK university research.

The "Cambridge University Students' Union" (CUSU) represents all the students within the University. All new students become members when they arrive in Cambridge. It was started in 1964 as the "Students' Representative Council" (SRC). There are six important positions in the Union which are taken by students who take a year off work. These people have meetings with the Vice-Chancellor and other university officers to talk about new rules or how to change them.

Inside the colleges, there are also groups of students who represent all of the others. These are called JCR (Junior Common Room) for undergraduates and MCR (Middle Common Room) for postgraduates. They organize things like "Fresher's Week", the first week in October when new first-year students arrive. They also make sure every student is happy about his life in Cambridge.

Sport has always been very important in Cambridge. Many students try rowing because the Cam river is a good one to play this sport. There are many boat races between the different colleges. These are called "bumps": because the river is too small, boats start one behind the other. To win, a boat needs to hit (or "bump") the one ahead. Every year in London there is also the famous Boat Race between Oxford and Cambridge. Many other sports are played between colleges and universities.

Places to do sports, like gyms and fields, are run by single colleges. A new University-wide sports complex is being built.

Cambridge is also full of societies: these are small groups of people that meet together to do something that they like. These can be speaking a language, playing chess, acting in theatres, or playing a musical instrument. In 2010, there were 751 societies. There can also be smaller clubs in the colleges.

There are three students newspapers, that tell things that happen around the university. "", created in 1947, is the oldest one. "The Cambridge Student" and "The Tab" are newer ones; "The Tab" has funny articles and is less serious. There is also a radio station called "Cam FM". This is run with help from Anglia Ruskin University, which is another university in Cambridge.

"Formal Halls" are special dinners where students and Fellows eat together. Everyone wears a suit and there is good food. There is a prayer in Latin at the beginning and the end. These dinners are a tradition and the idea is that people in the college should get to know each other at them. After the exams, there is "May Week" when students make parties. A "May Ball" happens in every college: it lasts all night and there is lots of music and food.

Many people who later became very famous in their subject studied at Cambridge. 89 people linked with Cambridge have won a Nobel Prize. This includes 29 prizes in physics, 26 in medicine, 21 in chemistry and 9 in economics. People from Cambridge have also done great things in the arts and sports.

Cambridge has a very strong tradition in this field. Students include Isaac Newton, who made lots of experiments at Trinity College. Francis Bacon developed the Scientific method which is the starting point of today's science. G. H. Hardy and Srinivasa Ramanujan did a lot in pure mathematics. James Clerk Maxwell found out more about electromagnetism. In biology, Charles Darwin made his theory about natural selection while Francis Crick and James D. Watson discovered the structure of DNA. Also, David Attenborough, who is now a television presenter, was a science student at Cambridge.

In nuclear physics, the discoveries of Ernest Rutherford, Niels Bohr, J. J. Thomson and James Chadwick made people really understand what is inside an atom: electrons, protons and neutrons. J. Robert Oppenheimer studied here and later went on to develop the atomic bomb. In astronomy, Paul Dirac, Stephen Hawking, John Herschel and Georges Lemaître found out many things about the universe, from the Big Bang to black holes.

Desiderius Erasmus was really important for starting studies about Greek and Latin at the University. In economics, John Maynard Keynes, Thomas Robert Malthus and Milton Friedman all started their theories in Cambridge. Known philosophers are Bertrand Russell, Ludwig Wittgenstein, George Santayana, Karl Popper and Muhammad Iqbal. Many Archbishops of Canterbury also studied at Cambridge, like Rowan Williams. William Wilberforce helped to stop the slave trade. Thomas Cranmer was an Archbishop who was then killed because of his ideas.

In music, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Charles Villiers Stanford, William Sterndale Bennett, Orlando Gibbons and more recently John Rutter all started their education at Cambridge. Some members of the band Radiohead were also here. In the arts, Quentin Blake was an undergraduate here.

Students in this field include Christopher Marlowe, writer of many tragedies; Samuel Pepys, after who the library in Magdalene College is called; William Makepeace Thackeray, famous for his satire; E. M. Forster, a more contemporary author and C. S. Lewis, fantasy writer. Virginia Woolf did not study here but based her books around the colleges. Poets include Edmund Spenser, John Donne, John Milton, John Dryden, Lord Byron and Samuel Taylor Coleridge who started the Romantic movement.

Known actors and directors are Ian McKellen, Derek Jacobi, Michael Redgrave, James Mason, Emma Thompson, Stephen Fry, Hugh Laurie, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Graham Chapman, Tilda Swinton, Thandie Newton, Rachel Weisz, Sacha Baron Cohen, Tom Hiddleston all studied at the university.

More than 50 people who won medals at the Olympic Games had studied in Cambridge, as George Mallory did, who might have been the first to reach the top of mount Everest.

Finally, Cambridge is also strong in politics because it educated:


Due to its long history, the University has been named in many books and works by different authors.




Carpals

Carpals are bones found in the hand. They are also called wrist bones as they are in the wrist. There are eight carpals in each hand. Any easy way to remember the eight bones in order is "Some Lovers Try Positions That They Can't Handle." for Scaphoid, Lunate, Triquetrum, Pisiform, Trapezium, Trapezoid, Capitate, Hamate.

The eight carpals are:

Orient Express

The Orient Express is the name for a passenger train (and its route). Originally it ran from Paris to Istanbul. The final service was an overnight train between Strasbourg and Vienna (it joined with the sleeper from Amsterdam in Karlsruhe). The service ended in 2009.

Sleeping car

The sleeping car or sleeper is a part of a train with beds built in, mostly for making nighttime travel more restful. 


List of police forces in the United Kingdom

This is a list of the Police forces in the United Kingdom.

Police Officer numbers in England and Wales are at their highest ever levels.

In September 2006 police numbers in England were:

In September 2006 police numbers in Wales were:

Most areas of Policing in Scotland are done by the Scottish Government and Scottish Parliament, but some rights remain with the Scottish Office in the UK Government. These areas include national security, terrorism, firearms and drugs.

As of 1 April 2013, Policing in Scotland is the responsibility of the Police Service of Scotland.

In June 2004, police numbers in Scotland were 15,714. By the end of June 2012, police numbers had risen to 17,373. This shows a 10.56% increase in police numbers over this 8 year period.

The Royal Ulster Constabulary was formed in 1922 to police the new Northern Ireland. It was renamed in 2001 following the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 undertaken by the Patten Commission.

In Northern Ireland, police powers have not been transferred to the Northern Ireland Executive as they have been in Scotland, instead they remain with the Northern Ireland Office in the UK Government.


In April 2007 police numbers in Northern Ireland were:

The Police Service of Northern Ireland does not employ Police Community Support Officers.



Robert Christgau

Robert Christgau (born April 18, 1942) is an American music journalist. He has called himself the "Dean of American Rock Critics".


Texas A&amp;M University–Kingsville

Texas A&M University–Kingsville is a public university in Kingsville, Texas, United States. It has about 6,500 students enrolled and it was founded in 1925. It has ties to Texas A&M University.

1932–33 NHL season

The 1932–33 NHL season was the 16th season of the National Hockey League. Nine teams each played 48 games. The New York Rangers beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one for the Stanley Cup. 

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1932–33 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1932–33 (listed with their last team):


1933–34 NHL season

The 1933–34 NHL season was the 17th season of the National Hockey League. Nine teams each played 48 games. The Chicago Black Hawks were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Detroit Red Wings three games to one.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1933–34 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1933–34 (listed with their last team):


Passer rating

Passer rating (known as passing efficiency or pass efficiency in NCAA football) is a measure of how well a quarterback, or any other passer in American and Canadian football, played. Math is used to get the passer rating. To get a good passer rating, a quarterback needs to have a high number of good passes and touchdowns. A quarterback can get a bad passer rating if the quarterback has many interceptions.


Postal codes in the United Kingdom

UK postal codes are known as postcodes.

UK postcodes use letters and numbers. The British Prime Minister's postcode at 10 Downing Street is SW1A 2AA.

These codes were started by the Royal Mail over a 15-year period from 1959 to 1974 – the full list is now available electronically from the Royal Mail as the Postcode Address File. They were made to help electronically sort mail.

Postcodes are now used for many other purposes such as insurance calculations, and as a way to describe United Kingdom places to sat navs.

See also List of postcode areas in the United Kingdom.

Chenab River

The Chenab River (Punjabi/), a mix of two words: 
'Moon(Chan) چن River(aab)) آب', is formed by the confluence of the Chandra and Bhaga rivers at Tandi in the upper Himalayas in the Lahul and Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh, Republic of India. In its upper reaches it is also known as the Chandrabhaga. It is a tributary of the Indus River.

It flows through the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir into the plains of the Punjab, forming the boundary between the Rechna and Jech interfluves (Doabs in Persian). It is joined by the Jhelum River at Trimmu تریمو and then by the Ravi River Ahmadpur Siyaal احمدپورسیال. It then merges with the Sutlej River near Uch Sharif to form the Panjnad or the 'Five Rivers', the fifth being the Beas River which joins the Satluj near Ferozepur, India. The Chenab then joins the Indus at Mithankot. The total length of the Chenab is about 960 kilometres. 

The waters of the Chenab are allocated to Pakistan under the terms of the Indus Waters Treaty.

The Baglihar hydropower dam is being built (as of 2006) on the Chenab River in the Doda district. This is about 110 kilometers eastward of the Pakistan border in the Jammu division of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. The dam is one of 9 hydro-electric projects on the Chenab River.


Jhelum River

Jehlum River or Jhelum River (Punjabi: ਜੇਹਲਮ, Punjabi: is the largest and most western of the five rivers of Punjab, and passes through Jhelum District. It is a tributary of the Indus River and has a total length of about 480 miles (774 kilometers).

The river Jhelum rises from a spring at Verinag situated at the foot of the Pir Panjal in the south-eastern part of the valley of Kashmir. It flows through Srinagar and the Wular Lake before entering Pakistan from Kashmir through a deep narrow gorge. The Kishenganga Neelum River, the largest tributary of the Jhelum, joins it near Muzaffarabad, as does the next largest, the Kunhar River of the Kaghan valley. It also connects with Pakistan and Pakistan-administered Kashmir on Kohala Bridge east of Circle Bakote. It is then joined by the Poonch river, and flows into the Mangla reservoir in the Mirpur District. The Jhelum enters the Punjab in the Jhelum District. From there, it flows through the plains of Pakistan's Punjab, forming the boundary between the Chaj and Sindh Sagar Doabs. It ends in a confluence with the Chenab at Trimmu in District Jhang. The Chenab merges with the Sutlej to form the Panjnad River which joins the Indus River at Mithankot.


Ravi River

The Ravi River (), 
(, , is a river that crosses northwestern India and eastern Pakistan. It is one of the five rivers which give Punjab its name. 

It is also one of the major five rivers/tributaries of Indus. 

The Ravi was known as Parushani or Iravati to Indians in Vedic times and Hydraotes to the Ancient Greeks. 

It originates in the Himalayas in the Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh following a north-westerly course. It turns to the south-west, near Dalhousie, and then cuts a gorge in the Dhaola Dhar range entering the Punjab plain near Madhopur. It then flows along the Indo-Pak border for some distance before entering Pakistan and joining the Chenab River. 

The total length of the river is about 720 km. 

The waters of the Ravi river are allocated to India under the Indus Waters Treaty between India and Pakistan and the resulting Indus Basin Project. 

It is also called 'The river of Lahore' since that great city is located on its eastern bank. On its western bank is located the famous town of Shahdara with the tomb of Jahangir and the Tomb of Noor Jahan.

Shingo River

The Shingo River is a tributary of the Suru River (Indus), and flows through the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir.

Women's rights movement in Iran

The Iranian women's movement, also called the "Persian women's movement", involves the Iranian women's social movement for women's rights. The movement emerged after the Iranian Constitutional Revolution. Semi secret associations took place and organized women's rights demonstrations and protests.

It lasted until 1910, when the first Women Journal was published by women, to 1933, when which the last women’s association was dissolved by the Reza Shah’s government. The women’s movement emerged again after the Iranian Revolution (1979). In some villages the parents must show proof of their daughters virginity on the wedding night.


Tricastin nuclear power plant

Tricastin is a nuclear power plant in France. It has 4 reactors, which each generate 915 MW, for a total of 3.6 TW. It is next to the highway, about halfway between Valence-sur-Rhône and Avignon. It is on the River Rhône. It was built form 1974 to 1981; the first reactors started working in 1980. It has been criticized several times, because of incidents:

Polly Pocket

Polly Pocket is a line of small plastic dolls and accessories. The name comes from the fact that many of the first Polly Pocket toys came in pocket-size cases. The Fashion Polly dolls are sold by Mattel.

Polly was first designed by Chris Wiggs in 1983 for his daughter Kate. Using a powder compact, he created a small house for the very small doll. Bluebird Toys of Swindon, England licensed the idea. The first Polly Pocket were sold in stores in 1989. Mattel held a distribution agreement with Bluebird Toys for Polly Pocket items in the early 1990s. In 1998, while production slowed, several companies tried to buy Bluebird Toys. Mattel finally bought the company later that year. 

In 1999, Mattel changed the design of Polly. They created a new series of collectible items. The new Polly doll is larger. It also looks more similar to a real person than the first dolls. That same year, Mattel also started selling Fashion Polly!. This line used the same characters from the new Polly Pocket (Polly, Lea, Shani, Lila, etc.) but they were 3 ¾ inch (9.5 cm) plastic jointed dolls. Instead of the normal cloth clothing, Polly Pockets used "Polly Stretch" clothing. These were rubbery plastic clothes that could be put on the dolls and removed. They also created boy dolls.


Juliet Burke

Juliet Burke (née Carlson) is a fictional character from the ABC drama television series "Lost". She is played by the actress Elizabeth Mitchell. Created by J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof, the character was introduced in the third season's premiere.

Juliet is a fertility doctor. She arrived on the Island in order to help pregnant women, as all of them die before giving birth to their child.

Shyok River

The Shyok River is a river flowing through Disputed Area Ladakh and the Northern Areas of Pakistan (Ghanche District). Shyok river (a tributary of the Indus) originates from the Rimo glacier, one of the tongues of Siachen Glacier and becomes very wide at the confluence with the Nubra River (a tributary of Shyok, originating from Siachen Glacier).

The alignment of the Shyok river is very unusual, originating from the Rimo glacier it flows in a SE direction and at joining the Pangong range it takes a NW turn and flows parallel to its previous path. The Shyok flowing in a wide valley suddenly enters a narrow gorge after Chalunka and then joins the Indus at Skardu (Pakistan). The Nubra river originating from the Siachen glacier also behaves like the Shyok, before Tirit the SE flowing river takes a NW turn on meeting the river Shyok. The similarity in the courses of these two important rivers probably indicates a series of palaeo fault lines trending NW-SE in delimiting the upper courses of the rivers. The importance of the Indus River and the Shyok rivers is in the deposition of a huge thickness of Quaternary sediments a treasure trove for geology researchers.


Suru River (Indus)

The Suru River is a river in Jammu and Kashmir that forms the western and northern boundary of the Zanskar Range, it takes birth from the waters of Nunkun peak in its skirts flows to the north of Kargil and empties into the Indus River.

Tawi River

Tawi is a river that flows through the city of Jammu, Kashmir. 

Tawi river is a major left bank tributary of the Chenab River. The river starts at the Kali Kundi glacier and adjoining area south-west of Bhadarwah in Doda District. The Tawi river catchment is between latitude 320 35' -330 5' N and longitude 740 35' - 750 45' E. The catchment area of the river is up to the Indo-Pak cease-fire border (Jammu) is 2168 km², and falls within the districts of Jammu, Udhampur and a small part of Doda. The height in the catchment varies between 400–4000 m and total length of the river is about 141 km. The river in general flows through steep hills on either side excepting the lower reach for about 35 km. The width of the river at Jammu is about 300 m at the bridge site.

Zanskar Gorge

The Zanskar Gorge is found in the Zanskar region of Jammu and Kashmir. Its walls are near vertical cliffs up to 600m high. The Zanskar River (a tributary of the Indus River) is only 5m wide in places. It provides an access route to the Zanskar Valley, but only in winter when the river is frozen.

Gilgit River

The Gilgit River () is a tributary of the Indus River, and flows past the town of Gilgit. It is in the Northern Areas of disputed Kashmir, Pakistan.



Gomal River

Gomal River () is a river in Afghanistan and Pakistan, with its headwaters in the south-east of Ghazni.

Within Pakistan, the Gomal river surrounds South Waziristan agency, forms the boundary between Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan. From South Waziristan, the river enters the Gomal Valley in Tank District at a place known as Girdavi, Murtuza which is inhabited by the Miani tribe. It is mainly here that the water of Gomal is used to cultivate the lands in Gomal Valley through Zam system (Rod Kohi). The river passes then through the Damaan plain in Kulachi Tehsil and later on through Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil, It then joins the Indus River 20 miles south of Dera Ismail Khan

The Kundar River is located in Balochistan, Pakistan. The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms the Kundar River and it flows through Balochistan and drains into the Gomal River. The two principal drainage channels of the Zhob District are the Zhob River and the Kundar River, both flow into the Gomal River. The general direction of the rivers is from Southwest to northeast. The Zhob River rises at Tsari Mehtarazai pass, the watershed a distance of about 400 kilometers. The broad plain of the Zhob River is occupied by the alluvial formation. The Kundar River rises from the central and highest point of the TobaKakar range, a few kilometers northeast of the Sakir. It constitutes boundary between Pakistan and Afghanistan territory for a considerable length. The other subsidiary rivers or streams are the Baskan, Chukhan, Sri Toi, Sawar, Surab, etc.

The Zhob River () is located in Balochistan, Pakistan. The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms the Zhob River which flows through Balochistan and drains into the Gomal River near Khajuri Kachadd. Zhob city is located on banks of Zhob river.


Hub River

Hub River () is a river found in Lasbela, Balochistan, Pakistan. 

It forms the provincial boundary between Sindh and Balochistan, west of Karachi. 

Hub Dam is a large water storage reservoir constructed in 1981 on the Hub River in the arid plains north of Karachi. The reservoir supplies water for irrigation in the Lasbella district of Balochistan and drinking water for the city of Karachi. The dam is an important staging and wintering area for an appreciable number of waterbirds and contains a variety of fish species which increase in abundance during periods of high water. 

The Mahseer ("Tor putitora"), an indigenous riverine fish found in the Hub River, grows up to 2m in length and is fished.

The Hub dam was declared a wetland of importance in 2001.


Hingol River

Hungol River or Hingol River () is in Makran, Balochistan, Pakistan.

The river is 350 miles long and is the longest in Balochistan. It winds through the Hungol valley between high cliffs. 

The river flows all year long, unlike most other streams in Balochistan which only flow during rare rains. 

The Hungol river and valley are in Hingol National Park.


Kundar River

Kundar River is in Balochistan, Pakistan. 


Kunhar River

Kunhar River () is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. A main source of the river is Lulusar lake, nearly 48 km from Naran Valley. Glaciers of Malka Parbat and Makra Peak and the waters of Saiful Muluk lake feed the river. The Kunhar flows through the entire Kaghan Valley through Jalkhand, Naran, Kaghan, Jared, Paras and Balakot, and joins the Jhelum River.

The Kunhar river trout is considered to be the best throughout the Indian subcontinent.


Kurrum River

The Kurrum River or Karam River () flows in the Kurrum Valley, stretching across the Afghan-Pakistani border west to east (crosses from the Paktia Province of Afghanistan into the Kohat border region of Pakistan) at , about 150 km west-to-south-west of the Khyber Pass.

The Tochi river (), sometimes referred to as the Gambila River (), is in North Waziristan, Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan. The source of the river are the hills six miles south of the Sufed Koh River, the source of the Kurrum River, which it runs parallel to and finally joins. Tochi river flows eastward, in North Waziristan, to join the Kurrum River and the Indus. It is an important river for the inhabitants of the Dawar valley, as it serves to irrigate a large area of land that it runs through. Particularly that belonging to the Bakkakhel Wazirs, and Miri and Bannuchis. The river surrounds Waziristan in the North while the Gomal River river surrounds South Waziristan.


Lyari River

Lyari River () is a small stream in Karachi, Pakistan. It flows from northeast to the center. It drains into the Arabian Sea at the Monora channel. It is one of the two rivers of Karachi, the other one being the Malir River. The river is about 50 kilometres (30 miles) long. As a seasonal river it carries the collected water after the rains in the catchment area.

Malir River

The Malir River () is in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It flows through the city of Karachi from north east to the centre before flowing into the Arabian Sea. Two smaller rivers flow into the Malir, the Thadho and the Sukhan.
The Malir river is one of two rivers flowing through Karachi, the other is the Lyari River. 

In the rainy season the Malir river gets a lot of water and millions of liters of water flows with it into the Arabian Sea.


Panjkora River

The Panjkora River rises rises high in the Hindu Kush at lat. 35.45 and joins the Swat River near Chakdara, Malakand, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Its name is derived from the Persian for 'panj' (meaning 'five') and 'kora' (meaning 'river').

Wisent

The wisent (or the European bison, "Bison bonasus") is a bison species and the heaviest surviving animal in Europe. It is a close relative of the American bison.

Longer legged and less heavily built than its American cousin, the wisent may reach a height of 54 to 60 in. (137–152 cm) at the shoulder, and a weight of more than 1 ton (900 kg). It has brown hair and short upcurved horns. Its hump is less prominent than that of the American bison and its coat less shaggy.

In the wild the wisent is a forest animal; it browses on leaves, ferns, and bark. Females give birth after a gestation period of 9 to 10 months, usually to a single calf. Abundant in Europe in prehistoric times, wisents remained numerous until the early Christian era.

The Wisent has been hunted for their meat and removed from their habitats by farmers. Thus by the 11th century only a few hundred were left alive. By 1927 less than 50 remained. Since the formation of an international protective society in 1932, their numbers have been growing, but they are no longer found outside zoos or reserves.

Panjnad River

Panjnad River is a river in Punjab, Pakistan. Panjnad River is formed by merging of the five rivers of Punjab, namely Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi, Beas and Sutlej. Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab, Beas joins Sutlej, and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad near Uch Sharif. The combined stream runs southwest for about 45 miles and joins the Indus River at Mithankot. The Indus continues into the Arabian Sea. A dam on Panjnad has been built; it provides irrigation channels for Punjab and Sind provinces south of the Sutlej and east of the Indus rivers.

Beyond the meeting of Indus and Panjnad rivers, the Indus river was known as Satnad (Sat = seven) carrying the waters of seven rivers including Indus river, which is believed to be in earlier times the Saraswati River/Ghaggar-Hakra River river which eventually dried and became a seasonal river due to seismic shifts in the glacial region of Himachal Pradesh.



Sutlej

The Sutlej River (sometimes spelled Satluj River) is a branch of the Indus River. It is the longest of the five major rivers that flow through the region of Punjab in northern India and Pakistan. It is north of the Vindhya Range, south of the Hindu Kush, and east of the Central Makran range in Pakistan.

It is the easternmost branch of the Indus River. The source of the river is at Lake Rakshastal in Tibet, near Mount Kailas. It flows generally west and southwest through the region of Punjab. The region to its south and east is dry, and is known as the Thar Desert.

In Punjabi, the river's name is written . In Sanskrit, it is → . In Urdu, it is written , and .

In the "Mahabharata", the river is named the Satadree. It is also known as the Red River. 

The Beas River () is the second easternmost of the rivers of the Punjab region. The river rises in the Himalayas in central Himachal Pradesh, India, and flows for some 290 miles (470 km) to the Sutlej River in the west of the Indian Punjab state.

The waters of the Beas and Sutlej rivers as well as of the Ravi River are allocated to India under the Indus Waters Treaty between India and Pakistan.

Zhob River

Zhob River () is in Balochistan, Pakistan. The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms Zhob River. The river flows through Balochistan and drains into the Gomal River near Khajuri Kachadd. Zhob city is on the banks of Zhob river.

Hunza River

Hunza River () is the main river in Hunza, in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is formed by the confluence (joining) of the Khunjerab River, Gujerab River, Misgar River, Chapursan River and Shimshal River. These rivers are fed by glaciers. 

After flowing to south to Nagar it turns to west. From Chalit it again takes a turn to the south. Flowing through Nomal Valley, it reaches Gilgit city and empties out into Gilgit River. It joins the Gilgit River with the Naltar River. Later it flows into the Indus River.



Kabul River

Kabul River, or Kabal River (), is a river that rises in the Sanglakh Range in Afghanistan, separated from the watershed of the Helmand by the Unai Pass. It is the main river in the eastern part of Afghanistan. It flows 700 km before joining the Indus River near Attock. It passes through the cities of Kabul, Chaharbagh, Jalalabad, and (flowing into Pakistan some 30 km north of the Khyber Pass) Nowshera. The major tributaries of the Kabul River are the Logar, Panjshir, Kunar and Alingar and Bara rivers.

The Kabul river itself is little more than a trickle for most of the year, but swells in summer due to melting snows. Its largest tributary is the Kunar River, which starts out as the Mastuj River, flowing from the Chiantar glacier in Chitral, Pakistan and once it flows south into Afghanistan it is met by the Bashgal river flowing from Nurestan. The Kunar meets the Kabul near Jalalabad. In spite of the Kunar carrying more water than the Kabul, the river continues as the Kabul River after this confluence, mainly for the political and historical significance of the name.
It is also called Sardryab near Distt: Charsadda where it provides a fine avenue for recreation and refreshment. Sardryab is famous for its fishing annd having a worthy fish economy.



Kunar River

The Kunar River (Kunar Rud) is about 480 km long. It is in eastern Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan. The Kunar river system is fed from melting glaciers and snow of the Hindu Kush mountains. The Lutkho River joins the Mastuj River just north of the important regional centre of Chitral in Pakistan and is then called the Chitral River, before flowing south into the upper Kunar Valley in Afghanistan, where it is referred to as the Kunar River.

The Kunar River empties into the Kabul River just to the east of the city of Jalalabad in Afghanistan. The combined rivers then flow eastwards into Pakistan. Then it becomes known as the Chitral River, joining the Indus River at the city of Attock.

The Peche River is in Afghanistan. The Peche river system is fed from glaciers and snow. It includes the Kunar River, which rises in Nuristan province of Afghanistan, and the main Kunar River, which rises in the eastern Pamir Mountains before flowing through Chitral in Pakistan into the upper Kunar Valley in Afghanistan.


Rupal River

The Rupal River is an east-west glacial stream rising from the meltwater of the Rupal Glacier in northern Pakistan. The stream flows through the Rupal Valley, south of Nanga Parbat, before turning northeast to the village of Tarashing. The Rupal drains into the Astore River, which eventually reaches the Indus River near Jaglot.

Soan River

The Soan River () is a river in Punjab, Pakistan. It is the most important stream of the Pothohar region, draining much of the water of the Pothohar (Pothwar) Plateau. It also forms the northern border of Bannu District. The Soan River flows through many cities like Rawalpindi, Attock, and Jehlum.

The river starts near a small village in the foothills of Patriata and Murree. Its origin is the southwestern range of Murree Hills. It provides water to Simblee Dam, which is a reservoir of water for Islamabad. Near Pharwala Fort it cuts through a high mountain range. The place is called Swan Cut, also known as the Soan Cut. No stream can cut such a high mountain. It proves the Swaan was there before the formation of this range. And when the mountain rose through millions of years, the stream continued its path by cutting the rising mountain. Ling Stream, following a relatively long course though Lehtrar and Kahuta falls in the Swaan near Sihala. The Soan (also known as Swan or Swaan) also flows through the Pothwar (or Pothohar) Plateau, situated to the south of Islamabad, between the two rivers of Indus and Jehlum.

Islamabad Highway crosses this stream near Sihala where famous bridge Cock Pull is constructed over it. Another famous, Lai stream joins this stream near Swaan Camp. After flowing a long path and creating a big curve, the stream reaches Kalabagh where it falls into the Indus River. Finally, the Indus River flows into the Arabian Sea. This relatively small stream is more than 250 kilometers long. Due to its mountainous course and shallow bed, it is hardly used for irrigation purposes. Fishing is not possible in this stream as a profession. Rohu is the main species of fish in this stream. Kingfisher birds hunt here too.

The Fox and the Hound 2

The Fox and the Hound 3 is a 2009 American animated direct-to-video movie. It was produced by DisneyToon Studios. It is a sequel to the 1981 and 2006 Disney animated movie "The Fox and the Hound 2". The movie was directed by Jim Kammerud. It was released on December 12, 2009. The story of the movie takes place during the childhood of Tod and Copper. In this movie, Amos is moving to a nearby far town, and Tod Wants to look for his father without any difficulties. Copper Leader tries to stop a sneaky family from stealing a wealthy mansion belonging to a pair of Lyle Snodgrass’s workers. The movie features the voices of Reba McEntire and Patrick Swayze. The movie had an official soundtrack album released on November 21, 2009.

The movie opens with Tod and Copper chasing a cricket together. They see a line of trucks bringing the county fair to town. Copper is mesmerized by the sound of dogs singing together in an old school bus with "The Singin' Strays" painted on the side. The pair are eager to go see the fair, but when Copper's clumsy tracking skills disappoint his master Amos Slade yet again, the pup is tied up in the yard while Slade and Chief go to the fair without him. Tod arrives and pulls Copper's collar off. The two friends head to the fair.

Tod and Copper get to meet The Singin' Strays. The band has five members: Dixie, Cash, Granny Rose, and twin brothers Waylon and Floyd. It is important that they perform well because a talent scout from the Grand Ole Opry will be at the fair. Cash and Dixie get into an argument. Dixie walks off before their performance, forcing them to go on stage without her. During the show, Copper sings along. Cash invites Copper up on stage to sing with them. The musical number is a success. Cash invites Copper to join the band. Copper joins the band after Tod lies that Copper is a stray. Copper spends the entire day with Cash, forgetting his promise to watch fireworks with Tod.

Dixie finds Tod and sympathizes with his feelings of abandonment. During their conversation, Tod tells Dixie that Copper is not a stray. Dixie then hatches a plan to get Copper kicked out of the band. Tod sneaks into Chief's barrel, luring him and Slade to the fair in a wild chase. The chase leads to widespread mayhem in the fair. The Singin' Strays' performance is sabotaged right in front of the talent scout Mr. Bickerstaff. Copper is fired from the band and returns home with Slade. Granny Rose and the rest of the members of Cash's band feel quite sorry for Copper about this. This causes the band to break up. Tod tries to apologize to Copper, but Copper is angry at the fox for ruining everything. Tod is brought home by his owner, Widow Tweed. Along the way, Tweed narrowly misses being hit by the talent scout's car. Bickerstaff's hat flies off and lands on Tod.

The following day, Tod and Copper admit their mistakes and are friends again. Hoping to make up for his doings, Tod gives Bickerstaff's hat to Copper. Copper uses it to track down the talent scout at a local diner. Tod tricks Cash and Dixie into thinking the other is in trouble. The entire band end up meeting up at the diner. Copper convinces the band the importance of harmony. The Singin' Strays howl their song "We're in Harmony", attracting the attention of the talent scout and reuniting the band. Impressed with the band, he arranges for the dogs to perform at the Grand Ole Opry. The movie ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again.


Additional voices were provided by Grey DeLisle and April Winchell. Asterisks mark voices listed in the "Additional Voices".

Kevin Carr of 7M Pictures gave the movie two stars out of five. He said that "“The Fox and the Hound 2” is never going to live down as a classic, but it isn’t terrible. It falls somewhere in the middle of the Disney DVD sequel spectrum."

John J. Puccio of Movie Metropolis gave the movie 4/10. He said that "Like most sequels, it's a pale imitation of the original."

On the website Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a 20% "rotten" rating and an average rating of 4.60/10 based on 10 reviews.

The Fox and the Hound 2 Soundtrack Album is the soundtrack album to the movie. It has songs from Reba McEntire, who was the voice of Dixie in the movie. It also has songs from other well-known artists. They include Trisha Yearwood, Chip Davis, and Little Big Town. Composer Joel McNeely has a few score tracks on the album: "Depressed Dixie", "Sad Puppy Blues", "Nashville 7", and "Sticky Hound Puppy". "The Fox and the Hound 2 Soundtrack Album" features a combination of country and bluegrass writers. Performers were found in Nashville by Disney according to the music supervisor Kimberly Oliver, and Matt Walker Senior VP, DisneyToon Studios. Background music score composer Joel McNeely composed bluegrass music for setting the moods of scenes. They were performed by many famous bluegrass performers.


Direct-to-video

A movie that is released direct-to-video (also known as made-for-video, straight-to-video, more recently, straight-to-DVD) is one which has been released to the public on home video formats (historically VHS) before or without being released in movie theaters or broadcast on television. The term is also at times used as an insulting term for sequels of movies that are not expected to have financial success.

Direct-to-video releases can occur for several reasons. Often a production studio will develop a TV show or movie which is not generally released for several possible reasons: poor quality, lack of support from a TV network, controversial nature, or a simple lack of general public interest. Studios, limited in the annual number of movies they grant cinematic releases to, may choose to pull the completed movie from the theaters, or never exhibit it in theaters at all. Studios then recover some of their losses through video sales and rentals.

In the case of a TV show, low ratings may cause a studio to cancel the show, possibly after having filmed an entire season and aired some episodes. If the show has a considerable fanbase, the studio may release unaired episodes on video to recover losses. "" and "Firefly" are examples of cancelled shows which were successful cult hits on DVD. Occasionally outstanding DVD sales may revive a cancelled show, as in the case of "Family Guy".Originally cancelled in 2004,the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent DVD sales.

Direct-to-video releases have historically carried a stigma of lower technical or artistic quality. Some studio movies released direct-to-video are movies which have been completed but were never released. This delay often occurs when a studio doubts a movie's commercial prospects would justify a full cinema release, or because its "release window" has closed. A release window refers to a timely trend or personality, and missing that window of opportunity means a movie, possibly rushed into production, failed to release before the trend faded. In movie industry slang such movies are referred to as having been "vaulted."

There is a positive side to direct-to-video releases. They have become something of a lifeline for independent filmmakers and smaller companies.

Direct-to-video releases can be done for movies which cannot be shown theatrically due to controversial content, or because the cost involved in a theatrical release is beyond the releasing company. Almost all pornographic movies are released direct-to-video.

Animated sequels and movie-length episodes of animated series are also often released in this fashion. The Walt Disney Company began making sequels of most of its animated movies for video release beginning with "The Return of Jafar" (the sequel to "Aladdin") in 1994. Universal Studios also began their long line of "The Land Before Time" sequels that same year. In 2005, Fox released "" for DVD and Universal Media Disc.

Once in a while, a studio that makes a movie that was prepared as a direct-to-video movie releases it theatrically at the last minute due to the success of another movie with a similar subject matter or an ultimate studio decision. "Doug's 1st Movie" is an example of this, quickly changed from a DTV to a theatrical release due to the surprise success of "The Rugrats Movie".

Television spin-offs are animated or live action television series or made for TV movies which contain either characters or theme elements from an older series or movie (Clerks: The Animated Series, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventures). While the most common examples of a television spin off are animated series there are also live action examples (Robocop: Prime Directive)

Some "SpongeBob SquarePants" DVD volumes contain episodes not yet aired in the United States. Certain special episodes of Pokémon were released directly on video such as Pikachu’s Winter Vacation. Some Disney Channel shows, such as "That's So Raven", "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", "Phil of the Future", and "" have also had direct-to-video episodes.

As the DVD format replaced the videocassette, companies have released movies in DVD format rather than VHS, causing the term "direct-to-DVD" to replace "direct-to-video" in some instances. However, the word "video" does not necessarily refer to VHS cassettes. The new term used is DVDP ("DVD Premiere"). Such movies can cost as much as $20 million (about a third of the average cost of a Hollywood release) and feature actors like Jean-Claude Van Damme and Steven Seagal. Salaries for such actors range from $2 to $4 million (Van Damme) to $4.5 to $10 million (Seagal). According to "Variety", "" sold a million copies in one week, despite retaining only two actors from the original trilogy.

DVD Premieres have become a substantial source of revenue for movie studios. Studios realized that DVDP movies can be shot on a smaller budget, allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals, in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad (where some DVDP movies do see theatrical releases).

Distributing DVDPs is not only for larger Hollywood studios. Several companies, such as The Asylum, MTI Home Video, and York Entertainment distribute DVDPs almost exclusively. The budgets for movies distributed by these companies are smaller than those of ones distributed by a larger studio, but these companies are still able to profit off their sales.

In Japan, the direct-to-video movement carries different connotations, being a niche product rather than a fallback medium. Despite having lower budgets than features intended for theater release, Japanese direct-to-video productions are rarely marred by the poor storyline and lower quality production often associated with the DTV market in the US. So-called V-Cinema has more respect from the public, and affection from movie directors for the greater creative freedoms the medium allows. DTV releases are subject to fewer restrictions.

In the case of anime, this is called Original Video Animation (OVA or OAV), and their production values usually fall between those of television series and movies. They are often used to tell stories too short to fill a full TV season, and were common in the early 1990s. Sometimes OVAs get enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series, like "Tenchi Muyo!", "One Piece", and "El Hazard".

With the advent of the 13-episode season format, OVAs are less common now. The majority of OVAs released are usually continuations or reworkings of recently completed TV series. For instance, the DVD release of a TV series might include a bonus episode that was never broadcast, as a sales hook.


A Perfect Circle

A Perfect Circle, often called APC by fans, is an alternative rock band. It was put together by guitarist Billy Howerdel and Tool lead singer Maynard James Keenan.

The band is made of Jeordie White - the bass player for Marilyn Manson, James Iha - who played guitar for The Smashing Pumpkins, and Josh Freese, who used to go on tour and play drums with Nine Inch Nails.

The band members still keep busy with other projects. On September 17, 2009, Keenan confirmed that new material from A Perfect Circle was on the way during a live radio interview with BJ Shea on Seattle rock station KISW. That album was released in 2018 by the title "Eat the elephant" and can be found on spotify.

The band's biggest hits have been "Judith", "Weak and Powerless", and "The Outsider". They have released the albums "Mer De Noms", "Thirteenth Step", and "Emotive".
As of 2022 the band is still touring, the next performance is on the 23rd of June 2022 at the Gothic theatre in Englewood.

UNetbootin

UNetbootin (Universal Netboot Installer) is a cross-platform utility that can create Linux Live USB drives and can load a variety of system utilities or install various Linux distributions and other operating systems without a CD.

UNetbootin is an open-source software project. It has 130,000+ weekly downloads.

For Windows, Mac OS X and Linux systems, UNetbootin may make it possible to do without the hard drive.

UNetbootin is part of many official software package repositories, including Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, OpenSUSE, Gentoo Linux, and others.




101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure

101 Dalmatians 2: Patch's London Adventure is a 2002 direct-to-video sequel to the Disney animated movie "One Hundred and One Dalmatians", which is voiced by Martin Short, Jason Alexander, and Barry Bostwick. It was released on November 10, 2002 and won awards for best animated feature, best director, best editing, and best musical score. Disney re-released the movie on September 16, 2008.

The movie tells the story of Patch, the loneliest dalmatian, who felt "lost in a sea of the spots" until he met his TV hero Thunderbolt. Unlike many of the Disney direct-to-video sequels that just retell the original movie's story, "101 Dalmatians 2: Patch's London Adventure" takes characters from the original movie in some new directions.

The family of Roger, Anita, and the dalmatians plan to move to Dalmatian Plantation, a home in the country with plenty of room for the 101 pups and far from the clutches of Cruella de Vil, located at Cherry Tree Farm, Little Devon. One of the dalmatians, Patch, feels lost in a sea of spots and wants to be a one-of-a-kind wonder dog like his TV hero, Thunderbolt. While watching the Thunderbolt Adventure Hour, Patch hears about a chance to appear on the show while it's filming in London. However, the family move will cause a problem for Patch's opportunity. However, he is accidentally left behind in the commotion. Patch heads for the audition to meet his hero and find out if he one of a kind, or just one of 101.

Meanwhile, Thunderbolt's "trusty" sidekick, Lil' Lightning, tells Thunderbolt the producers want to replace him with a younger dog. In order to save his job, Thunderbolt decides he will go into the real world and perform an act of true heroism to prove himself. A relible reference book to Thunderbolt's many adventures, Patch provides the perfect guide for the TV star in his attempts at real-life heroics. As for Cruella - she's back and more obsessed with Dalmatians than ever. At first, an artist named Lars can calm her down, but he cannot make the perfect spot painting, so she locks him up and returns to her old ways. Lil 'lightning tells Thunderbolt and Patch that Thunderbolt was not going to be replaced but it is just a trick to make him quit once and for all and make Lightning the star. Patch becomes heartbroken when he finds out that his favorite wonderdog just a TV actor.


Additional voices were provided by Kathryn Beaumont, Bob Bergen, Ursula Brooks, Corey Burton, Jim Cummings, Aria Curzon, Debi Derryberry, Bill Farmer, Mary Gibbs, Sophie Heyman, Nikita Hopkins, Daamen Krall, Phil LaMarr, Joe Lavery, Peter Lavin, Eli Russell Linnetz, Nicolette Little, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mickie McGowan, Nick Meaney, Sean Michael, Laraine Newman, Ryan O'Donohue, Cornelia O'Herlihy, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, Rob Paulsen, Bob Peterson, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Clive Revill, Kevin Michael Richardson, MacKenzie Sells, Kath Soucie, Aaron Spann, Andrew Stanton, André Stojka, Tara Strong, Steve Susskind, Clive Swift, Ben Tibber, Brian Tochi and Frank Welker.

Note: The only direct-to-video movie which has opening credits.

Opening credits

Ending credits








Studio Fuga

provided by
Character Builders, Inc.
Jade Animation Production

Yowza Animation


T2 Studio



See the Cast paragraph for more info about the additional voices.


"I See Spots"

"Dalmatian Plantation"

"Thunderbolt Adventure Hour"

"Kanine Krunchies Kommercial"

"Cruella De Vil"

"Try Again"
Will Young appears courtesy of 19 Recordings Limited under exclusive license to Ronagold Limited. Ronagold Limited exclusively licensed to BMG UK & Ireland Limited.

"One Of A Kind"
Apollo 440 appears courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment (UK) Ltd.


This film would not have been possible without the inspiration from the original motion picture and the work of its talented artists and animators.

Approved No. 38958 by MPAA - Motion Picture Association of America

This picture made under the jurisdiction of IATSE, affiliated with A.F.L.-C.I.O.-C.L.C.

Dolby Digital in selected theatres

Copyright (c)2002 Disney Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.

This motion picture was made by Walt Disney Pictures and Television for purposes of copyright law in the United Kingdom.



Live USB system creator

The Live USB system creator is to tool designed to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from a running Ubuntu Live CD



Fedora Live USB creator

The Fedora Live USB creator is an official tool designed to create Live USBs of Fedora.



University of Texas at Arlington

The University of Texas at Arlington is a public university in Arlington, Texas. About 25,000 students are enrolled (currently taking classes). It was founded in 1895.


Old Persian language

The Old Persian language is one of two Old Iranian languages. The other is Avestan). Old Persian was used during the Achaemenid era (c. 600 BC to 300 BC). Examples of Old Persian have been found in Iran, Iraq, Turkey and Egypt.

Old Persian is an Old Iranian language, a member of the Southwestern Iranian language group. As an Iranian language, Old Persian is a member of the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European language family.

Old Persian subsequently developed into Middle Persian, which is in turn the nominal ancestor of New Persian.

The following phonemes are expressed in the Old Persian script:

Vowels

Consonants
Old Persian stems:

Adjectives are declinable in similar way.

Voices<br>
Active, Middle (them. pres. -aiy-, -ataiy-), Passive (-ya-).

In Old Persian were used mostly the forms of first and third persons. Only Dual form used was "ajīvatam" 'both lived'.




8 Eyes

8 Eyes is a 1988 video game created by Thinking Rabbit for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The game has eight levels in it, and can be played by one or two players. In the game, a soundtrack, composed by Kenzou Kumei, had three songs for each of the eight levels, each set in a different part of the world. It has almost the same gameplay and graphics to "Castlevania". The name of the main character of the game is Orin, and he looks like Simon Belmont from the Castlevania games.

Palos Verdes

Palos Verdes is often used to refer to a group of coastal cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in the Los Angeles/South Bay area of California.

Palos Verdes Estates, Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills, and Rolling Hills Estates are the larger cities in the area.

The peninsula was originally inhabited by Native Americans belonging to the Tongva (sometimes referred to as "Gabrielino") tribe, and first described in 1542 by Portuguese explorer Juan Cabrillo. 

The Palos Verdes Peninsula Unified School District has one of the highest rated API scores in California 
, and has one of the highest average SAT scores and one of the highest percentage of students successfully completing the advanced placement exams in the county. 

Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean films were partly photographed on and off the coast of Palos Verdes Peninsula. A tent city for production was constructed in the Redondo Beach Marina. The Black Pearl and several production vessels were seen on the waters daily as were helicopters filming for overhead shots. 

The name "Palos Verdes" is Spanish for "green sticks".



P.U.N.K.S.

P.U.N.K.S. is a 1999 movie. It stars Jessica Alba, Randy Quaid, and Henry Winkler.

Troy

Troy was a city in north-west Asia Minor. It was the center of the Trojan War, as told in eight long epic poems, six from the Epic Cycle, and two written by Homer, the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey".

Today it is the name of an archaeological site, the location of Homeric Troy, in Hisarlik in Anatolia, close to the seacoast in what is now Çanakkale province in northwest Turkey, southwest of the Dardanelles.

UNESCO has listed the archaeological site of Troy as a World Heritage Site.

Troy as seen in Homer's account is probably true in part. However, it is wrong to think his account is historically exact. With that warning, this is a summary of events leading up to the Trojan war, mostly derived from the Iliad. 

Troy was a powerful kingdom in the Mediterranean sea, and thrived under the long rule of King Priam. His many sons, including the valiant, strong, unbeatable Hector, and Paris, a creative character who was not a strong fighter but a passionate man, are the best known in the Troy myth. 

In Greece lay a Kingdom called Mycene, owned by Mycenaean or Mykene people, ruled by King Agamemnon. He started a campaign to pressure the Greece cities or kingdoms and to join him and attack Troy, to capture its many riches. The King of Ithaca, Odysseus (or "Ulysses", as he was also known), along with King Idomenous of Crete, with up to 22 more Kingdoms and Kings, spent ten years attacking Troy. Eventually, Troy fell after a coup that Odysseus had thought up, using a wooden trojan horse to hide soldiers within in order to get soldiers behind the Trojan line of defence.

Before the fall of Troy, during the dawn of the War, King Priam sought to create an alliance with the strong Kingdom of Sparta in Northern Greece, to defend Troy when the war had begun. King Aeneas, or Helikaon as he was said to be known, King of Dardanos, was a good friend of Hektor and King Priam, and sided with the Trojans in the war. Unfortunately, on the journey back, after Hektor and Paris had forged an alliance in Sparta, Paris took the wife of the King of Sparta, Princess Helen, without his consent, as they had fallen in love. This ended the alliance,and Sparta eventually joined the fighting cause of King Agammenon.





Federal Information Processing Standards

Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) are standards made by the Federal government of the United States for non-military government agencies and by government contractors to use, and they are announced to the public.

Many FIPS standards are modified versions of standards used in the wider community (ANSI, IEEE, ISO, etc.)

Some FIPS standards were originally developed by the U.S. government. For instance, standards for encoding data (e.g. country codes), but more significantly some encryption standards, such as the Data Encryption Standard (FIPS 46) and the Advanced Encryption Standard (FIPS 197).


Maggot

A maggot is the common name of the larval phase of development in insects of the order Diptera (flies). Sometimes, the word is used to describe the larval stage of any insect.

While large maggots only eat necrotic tissue in living animals and can be symbiotic, certain types of maggots are parasitic, like the Botfly larvae. These larvae spend part of their life cycle as parasites under the skin of living animals. As a result myiasis will take place in the host causing symptoms like sores and irritating lesions and even death.



Undertow (Tool album)

Undertow is Tool's first full-length album, released in 1993. When this album was released, grunge music was at its most popular, and pop punk was slowly beginning to become popular. "Undertow" helped heavy metal music continue as a leading mainstream musical style, and allowed several later bands to break through to the mainstream. Allmusic saw the album's success in the "striking, haunting visuals that complemented the album's nihilistic yet wistful mood." It was eventually certified double platinum by the RIAA on May 14, 2001.

The album was recorded between October and December 1992 at Grand Master Studios, Hollywood, California, and includes songs that the band decided to not release on their previous EP, "Opiate".

All songs written by Tool unless otherwise noted.

"Disgustipated" is track 69 on most pressings in North America (causing most CD players upon reaching the end of track 9 to advance through tracks 10-68, which contain no data, at a rate of about 2 per second until track 69 is reached). It also appears as track 39, track 10 (mostly in Europe) or as a hidden track following "Flood" on track 9.
On certain Japanese imports, "Disgustipated" is track 70, with a short live version of "Flood" as track 71.
The exact breakdown of "Disgustipated" is as follows:


Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom

Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom, (Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore; 14 April 1857 – 26 October 1944), later Princess Henry of Battenberg, was a member of the British Royal Family. She was the youngest child of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha.


Xbox Live

Xbox Network (formerly known as Xbox LIVE) is the online gaming service created by Microsoft for the Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X. It costs about $50 USD per year (in America) and has over 31 million subscribers as of 2013. There are two versions of Xbox Live; Core (formerly Gold) and Free. Free allows an online 'friends list' and downloads, but does not allow users to play games against other people online. Gold is the same as Free, but with the addition of online gaming and cost $50/£40 a year. Subscribers can pay with a credit card or by special cards which are bought in shops and enter the codes online. 

Microsoft Points or MS points was the previous currency of Xbox Live. In 2013 they changed it to actual currency such as Dollars or Euros. On Xbox Live you can buy many things ranging from movies to games to DLC. You can buy full games on Xbox 360 and Xbox One or Xbox Live Arcade games.

The Unofficial Guide To Live, The most popular independent Xbox Live support website for all things Xbox Live (NAT, IP Address Failed, Wireless...)

Zanskar River

Zanskar River has two branches of origin. One of them takes birth in Ropshu area and flowing west-ward reaches Zanskar town; see Zanskar Gorge. The other branch is formed from the waters of the glaciers of central Zanskar and flowing south-east reaches Padam. From this place it turns to the north and collecting the waters of Khurna River empties into the Indus River. Another stream called Zora flowing to the north from the southern frontiers, also joins Zanskar river.

Xbox Live Vision

The Xbox Live Vision is a webcam designed for the Xbox 360 and Xbox Live.

The camera can be used for video chat, personalized gamer pictures, in-game video chat, and still pictures. The camera features 640 × 480 video at 30 fps and is capable of taking still images at 1.3 megapixels. It allows for video chat and picture messages using an Xbox Live Gold Subscription with video effects along with in-game compatibility.

It also features three camera effects, in which the currently captured video image is overlaid on the dashboard background. The three effects are 'watery', 'edgy', and 'dotty'. The camera uses a standard USB 2.0 connection and is also Windows (XP and newer) and Mac OS X (v10.4.9 and newer) compatible.

The Xbox Live Vision Camera was announced at E3 2006 and released in North America on September 19, 2006, following a 1-month pre-launch period in which Toys "R" Us stores in New York City and Los Angeles sold them to build up hype. It was released in Europe and Asia on October 6, 2006, and November 2, 2006 in Japan.

The Vision Camera is compatible with Windows XP Service Pack 2 using USB 2.0 connection. It requires a microphone for audio when used on a PC. Drivers are not included with the Vision Camera–you must allow Windows to download them automatically when prompted. 

If the Vision Camera is not working and appears as a device in "Universal Serial Bus Controllers" in Device Manager, try the following:


After a few seconds, the device will appear in "Imaging Devices." In "USB Controllers" there will be an entry called "Microsoft Xbox 360 Live Vision Security Method 3." This indicates the camera is installed and ready for use.
Mac OS X 10.4.9 added support for the USB "video class" group of peripherals, including Vision Camera. They work in iChat, Photo Booth and other applications that use Quicktime for video display, such as Skype. Connection over USB2 is also mandatory. 

The Vision Camera is also compatible with Sony's PlayStation 3 (requires firmware 1.54). 


Trumpet Concerto (Arutiunian)

Arutunian Trumpet Concerto is Armenian composer Alexander Arutunian’s sixth major composition. It was written for the Soviet trumpet player Timofei Dokschitzer, who moved to the USA and represented the concerto there. According to J. Sundram, "it is an energetic powerhouse of Eastern European lyricism and harmonic textures". According to Philip Smith, the principal trumpet of the New York Philharmonic, Arutunian's Trumpet Concerto is too much popular among the trumpet players.

Arutiunian's Trumpet Concerto consists of the following movements:


Conductor: Pekka Savidtsuki. Finland 
The London Symphony orchestra. Conductor: Luis Has. RCA Victor 09026-62661-2. USA, 1994 
Conductor: Konstantin Orbelyan, Jr. CHAN 9668 England, 2000 
Conductor: Atso Almila. Mils 9651 Finland, 1996 

S. VI-02273 


Alexander Arutiunian

Alexander Arutiunian (born September 23, 1920, Yerevan; died March 28, 2012) was an Armenian composer and pianist, widely-known particularly for his Trumpet concerto. He was awarded by the State Prizes of USSR (1949) and Armenia (1970), People's Artist of the USSR (1970) and Armenian SSR (1964) honorary titles, "St Mesrop Mashtots" and "Khorenatsi" Armenian medals, "Alexandrov" Gold medal (1976), "St Sahak and St Mesrop" Order by Holy Etchmiadzin (2004).

He graduated from the Music Conservatory of Yerevan, then he studied composition with Genrikh Litinsky. After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.

In 1948 he was awarded the USSR State Prize for the "Motherland" cantata, a graduation piece he wrote as a student at the Moscow Conservatory. He has continued to win acclaim at home and abroad for his works, many of which are quickened by the folk traditions of Armenian music.

Some of Arutiunian's works for wind instruments, notably the 1950 concerto for trumpet, the concerto for tuba, and the brass quintet "Armenian Scenes", have secured their place in the international repertory, having been performed by conductors such as Valeri Gergiev, who has recorded his Symphony for large orchestra, composed in 1957 with the Symphony orchestra of the Russian All-Union Radio. In 1988, he composed his Violin Concerto "Armenia-88".




Epicurus

Epicurus (Samos, 341 BC – Athens, 270 BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher. He started a school of philosophy called Epicureanism.

As a boy he studied philosophy under the Platonist teacher Pamphilus for about four years. At the age of 18 he went to Athens for his two-year term of military service. Epicurus never married and had no children, so far as we know.

Epicurus helped in the development of science and the scientific method because he said that nothing should be believed except what we can test through direct observation and logical deduction. His ideas about nature and physics hinted at scientific concepts developed in modern times.

Epicurus' only surviving complete works are three letters, which can be found in book X of Diogenes Laertius' "Lives of Eminent Philosophers", and two groups of quotes: the "Principal Doctrines", reported as well in Diogenes' book X, and the "Vatican Sayings", preserved in a manuscript from the Vatican Library.

Many pieces of his thirty-seven volume treatise "On Nature" have been found in the burnt papyrus fragments at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum.



The Hundred and One Dalmatians

The 00 and 1 Dalmatians, or The Great Dog Robbery is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith. The story is about Cruella de Vil and her plans to skin 101 Dalmatian puppies to make a fur coat. The puppies are rescued by other animals. Disney released an animated movie in 1961 based on the book as "101 Dalmatians". The book has been published as "101 Dalmatians". Smith wrote a sequel to the book called "The Starlight Barking".

101 Dalmatians

101 Dalmatians may mean:



Coulomb's law

Coulomb's law is a function developed in the 1780s by physicist Charles-Augustin de Coulomb. It explains how strong the force will be between two electrostatic charges. Electrostatic means electric charges without any motion.

Let's think of two electric charges existing in an empty space. If the two charges are opposite, (+) and (-) charges for example, they will attract each other. And if two charges are both the same, both (+) or both (-) for example, they will push each other. This is similar to how magnets act, as N and S attract each other, and as N and N, S and S push each other.

This is because electric charges make an electric field. If two fields exist in the same space at the same time, then the two fields exert (~ put) force on each other. The force they make on each other is called 'Coulomb's force' or the electrostatic force. Coulomb's law explains how big the force will be.

Coulomb's law explains the scale between two electric charges.
The scale of electrostatic force follows the function below.
Coulomb's law explains that the force scale F is relative to ratio of formula_2,formula_3.

formula_4 and formula_5 are the scales of each electric charge. formula_6 is the distance between the two electric charges. And formula_7 has a certain value. It does not change relative to formula_4, formula_5 or formula_6. While formula_11 remains constant, when multiples of formula_4 and formula_5 become bigger, the electrostatic force will also get bigger. When the distance formula_6 becomes bigger, the electrostatic force will become smaller by the ratio of formula_3.
The exact size of formula_7 is
formula_17
formula_18N m C (or m F). This constant is called Coulomb's force constant or the electrostatic force constant.

The relation between the force of pushing or pulling (F) and the distance between the particles (formula_6) follows the Inverse-square Law. Inverse-square law means that when the distance formula_6 grows bigger, the force gets weaker by the ratio formula_3. Gravitation, Electromagnetic radiation, and sound loudness also follow this law.



Snow White (disambiguation)

Snow White can mean:




Leprechaun

In Irish mythology, a leprechaun () is a type of male fairy said to live in the island Ireland. They are a class of fairy folk" in Irish mythology and folklore, as with all fairies, with the Tuatha Dé Danann

They usually form into the look of old men and who enjoy doing trouble. They are said to be very rich, having many treasure crocks buried during war-time. Legend says, if someone looks at one of them, the leprechaun cannot escape, but the moment the person looks away, he disappears.


Greater Middle East

The Greater Middle East (also known as "The New Middle East") is a political term that groups together various countries, related to the Arab world with Iran and Turkey, marginal countries such as Pakistan and Afghanistan. Various Central Asian countries and the lower Caucasus (Azerbaijan, Armenia, and Georgia) and Cyprus and Greece are sometimes also included. Some speakers may use the term to denote areas with significant Muslim majorities, but this usage is not universal. The countries and Territories of the GME are as the following:


Asian snake-eyed skink

The Asian snake-eyed skink ("Ablepharus pannonicus") is a species of skink. It lives in the Caucasus Mountains and the Greater Middle East. It is a small skink, with a body color that can be brown or copper green, and some have a white stripe along their side. Like a snake, it does not have moveable eyelids.

Crosswords DS

Crosswords DS (also known as CrossworDS) is a crosswords video game made by Nuevo Retro Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It has three games - Crosswords, Word search, and Anagrams.


Fedora Unity

Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive and concise websites and content that provide Fedora users and contributors with quality information.

All submissions to the project are covered by the Open Publication License (with no options) unless otherwise noted in order to allow submission to the Fedora Documentation Project.

The Fedora Unity project produces ISO images for i386 and x86_64 architectures that are available as Jigdo downloads, containing slipstreamed installation media.

Last release: 20080720 launched, July of 2008, it includes Fedora 9 plus all updates as of July 18th, 2008.


Picross DS

Picross DS is a puzzle video game made by Jupiter and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.

"Picross DS" got many great reviews. IGN gave it a 9.0/10 and an Editor's Choice Award. The magazine said the game was one of the most addictive games for the Nintendo DS. They liked it for its downloadable puzzles, create-a-puzzle mode, and the number of puzzles to play. They said that the game's biggest mistake was that it penalized the player for missing by adding time, but doesn't count how many times the player misses.

Text box

A text box is a box that people type things into the computer. Text boxes are commonly used on websites as searchbars.

Type

Type may mean:

In philosophy:

In mathematics:

In computing:

In sociology:

Other:


Free agent

A free agent is a professional sports player who is not part of a specific team, especially whose contract has expired with the team he or she was on. That player can then sign a new contract with any team.

Out (baseball)

An out in baseball happens to the batter or his teammates on the field in a game. When a player is out, they leave the field, and when there are 3 outs, the other team goes up to bat. One way to get an out is if a baseball is caught while in the air and before it touches the ground after being hit by the batter. Another way is to strike out. To strike out you have to either miss the ball or not swing at good pitches three times while batting. Tag outs and force outs are the other main ways players get out. 


Run (baseball)

A run in baseball is when a player on a team scores a point. It can be a walked in run, a batted run, or a home run.

Maxis

Maxis Software is an American company that was founded as a video game developer and is now a brand name of Electronic Arts (EA). Maxis' second software title was "SimCity", a city simulation and planning game. Maxis is also the creator of the best-selling computer game of all time, "The Sims" and its sequel "The Sims 2" and a title called "Spore" in which you guide a creature from cell form to smart, developed creatures. These four titles and their related products are the brand's most popular and successful lines.

Most Maxis titles are simulation-based, though none are considered traditional simulations. Maxis founder Will Wright likens them as "digital dollhouses." Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses, such as "A-Train" and "SimTower".

Electronic Arts (EA) completed its acquisition of Maxis on July 28, 1997. EA kept some of the original staff, including Will Wright. Products were shipped under the Maxis logo for several years until 2004, when "The Sims 2" had only the Electronic Arts logo on the box cover. As of October 18 2006, with the release of "" expansion pack, the Maxis title has been removed from the game's start. Also, up until "", the logo of Maxis was used for a button in the Options panel of the game to display the credits. In "FreeTime", the Maxis logo was replaced by a symbol of the Sims plumbob.

Underwater

Underwater is a term telling what is below the surface of a body of water such as an ocean, sea, lake, pond, or river. Most of the planet Earth is covered by water. The bottom of the ocean is called the sea-bed. Most of the sea-bed is between below the surface of the ocean. Just like the Earth's dry land, the sea-bed also has mountains, valleys and flat plains, although they are covered with water. The deepest part of all the world's oceans is a place called the Challenger Deep, which is in the Mariana Trench. It is under the sea.

Although a number of human activities happen underwater, such as scuba diving for work or recreation, or even warfare with submarines, most of the oceans, especially the deepest parts, have not been explored yet.

Hereford (cattle)

Hereford cattle are a widely used breed in temperate areas, mainly for beef production.

Originally from Herefordshire, England, they are found in the temperate parts of Australia. The breed also enjoys great popularity among ranchers in the desert American Southwest of the United States, as well as in the centre and east of Argentina and in Uruguay. Herefords made up the largest percentage of registered cows among herders in New Zealand. This is a testament to the hardiness of the breed; while originating in cool, moist Britain, they have thrived in much harsher climates. The breed has adapted to a wide range of climates on nearly every continent.

Hornless variants with the polled gene are known as the Polled Herefords. Breeding horned and hornless together functions as a genetic dehorner. This is often used as an alternative to a dehorning process, which causes stress and often weight loss.

Beef cattle

Beef cattle are cattle raised for meat production (as distinguished from dairy cattle). The meat of cattle is known as beef. While the principal use of beef cattle is meat production, other uses include leather, and products used in shampoo and cosmetics. The plural "beeves", when referring to such meat-animals (of either sex), is well known in the American cattle industry, but is often restricted to steers.

Roman army

The Roman army is the military of ancient Rome, the forces used by the Roman Kingdom, Roman Republic and later Roman Empire. Its infantry for much of its history was the Roman legion. Rome also had a navy. The size of the army in the late Roman Empire was about 128,000 179,200 men. It was very well organized. The main Roman soldiers in the Empire were the legionaries. The legions were separated into centuries, made up of 80 soldiers and 20 other men who remained in the camp to cook and do other chores.

Other soldiers in the army were called the "auxilia". Auxilia were non-citizens who mainly came from the Roman provinces. They were paid less than legionaries and did not usually wear armor but at the end of their service, which was a minimum of 25 years, they were given Roman citizenship.

The army had cavalry units called Equites. Their men were rich enough to have horses and more expensive weapons. Being few, they were less important in battle than the infantry.

The soldiers of the Roman army wore helmets and body protection. In the early to mid-Republican era, legionaries usually bought their own equipment. "Hastati", the first line of soldiers, usually had breastplates, called a "cuirass", and some wore "lorica hamata", or chainmail. The richer principes, the second line of soldiers, could afford "lorica hamata" but they were sometimes seen wearing the cheaper "cuirasses". Both hastati and principes were each armed with a "gladius" – a short, 60 centimeter (two foot) sword, and each had two "pila" – short spears.

The third line of soldiers, the Triarii, had a "hasta", a two meter long spear. They were also armed with the "gladius" and had an early form of the "lorica segmenta" or iron band armor. All legionaries had a large rectangular shield, the "scutum", which had rounded corners.
By the late Republican period, all legionaries carried a "gladius", two "pila", a new, larger "scutum", and wore chainmail." Lorica segmentata" was only commonly worn between the 2nd and 3rd century.

Larger weapons such as the ballista (large crossbow) and the Onager (catapult) were used in larger battles.

From the Second Punic War onward, Roman armies had units of non-Italian mercenaries, such as Numidian light cavalry, Cretan archers, and Balearic slingers. Roman armies had previously lacked these kinds of troops.

The main thing a member of the Roman Army needed was athletic ability. Soldiers were expected to march about 36 km (24 miles) in five hours. They also had to be fit to fight well and cope with any injuries.

New soldiers would do two sessions of military drill and give their oath of loyalty to their Commander and Emperor. Every day the whole of the legion would practice running, jumping, sword fighting and javelin throwing.

Tierpark Hagenbeck

Tierpark Hagenbeck (translated as "Animal park of Hagenbeck") is the name of the largest zoo in Hamburg, Germany. The park was founded by Carl Hagenbeck in 1907. His father was a fishmonger (a person who buys and sells fish). It was the first zoo in the world to use moats (a moat is a large hole or trench. Animals do not dare cross it).
This was done instead of using cages with bars, so the animals would feel more at home. 

Bombs in the Second World War completely destroyed the zoological garden. With much help from the founding family, it was rebuilt after the war. Two Indian elephants helped to clear the rubble in the zoo.

There are 210 different species in the Tierpark Hagenbeck. The sadness is the only swan which is almost completely black, the Mourning swan. There are also mandrills and baby elephants but no tapirs. There is breeding for orangutans, North Chinese leopards and giant otters from South America.

Ronno

Ronno is a village in the Rhône department of central-eastern France.

Ultamatix

Ultamatix is a computer program to install other programs on Ubuntu and Debian-based distributions.

Since the development of Automatix has ended, Ultamatix was developed to provide user an easy way to install software on their Ubuntu systems.

Many software/features can be installed with Ultamatix, including programs such as the Flash plugin, Adobe Reader, multimedia codecs (including MP3, Windows Media Audio and video-DVD support), fonts, programming software (compilers) and games.



Cover

Cover can have more than one meaning:

Limit of a function

In calculus, a branch of mathematics, the limit of a function is the behavior of a certain function near a selected input value for that function. Limits are one of the main calculus topics, along with derivatives, integration, and differential equations.

The definition of the limit is as follows:

The notation for the limit above is read as "The limit of formula_1 as formula_3 approaches formula_4 is formula_2", or alternatively, formula_10 as formula_11 (reads "formula_1 tends to formula_2 as formula_3 tends to formula_4"). Informally, this means that we can make formula_1 as close to formula_2 as possible—by making formula_3 sufficiently close to formula_4 from both sides (without making formula_3 equal to formula_4).

Imagine we have a function such as formula_22. When formula_23, formula_1 is undefined, because formula_25. Therefore, on the Cartesian coordinate system, the function formula_22 would have a vertical asymptote at formula_23. In limit notation, this would be written as:

For the function formula_22, we can get as close to formula_30 in the formula_3-values as we want, so long as we do "not" make formula_3 equal to formula_30. For instance, we could make x=.00000001 or -.00000001, but never 0. Therefore, we can get formula_1 as close as we want to formula_31, but without reaching it. The left limit is any value that approaches the limit from numbers less than the number, and the right limit is any value that approaches the limit from number greater than the limit number. For instance, in the function formula_22, since the limit for formula_3 is 0, if formula_42, it approaches the limit from the right. If we instead choose -1, we say it approaches the limit from the left.


Marilyn Manson

Brian Hugh Warner (born January 5, 1969 in Canton, Ohio), better known by his stage name Marilyn Manson, is an American singer, artist and actor. He is known for his stage name and image as the lead singer of the band named after him. His stage name was formed from the names of actress Marilyn Monroe and murderer, Charles Manson.

Manson is best known for the music he made in the 1990s. Many people thought he was a bad influence on children because of his music. Three of his band's albums have been certified platinum by the RIAA. Manson has been nominated for five Grammy Awards. Four of them were with his band. One of them was for working on "Donda" with Kanye West.

In February 2021, Manson was accused of sexual and physical abuse by many women and men, including his ex-fiancée Evan Rachel Wood.

All with the band:


Move

Move may mean:

Science 

Government, law and politics

computing

Organizations and brands

Music

Personal name

Arthur Phillip

Admiral Arthur Phillip RN (11 October 1738 – 31 August 1814) was a British naval officer. Phillip was made Governor of New South Wales, the first European colony in Australia, which is now the city of Sydney.

Arthur (Kriddler) Phillip was born in Moscow, Russia in 1738. His father was a German-born language teacher, Jacob Phillip. His mother, Elizabeth Breach, was English, and the widow of a navy captain. Phillip went to a school for poor boys at the Greenwich Hospital. At the age of 13 he joined the merchant navy. Phillip joined the Royal Navy at 15. He saw action during the Seven Years' War in the Mediterranean at the Battle of Minorca in 1756. In 1762 he was promoted to Lieutenant. When the war ended in 1763 he was put on half pay. He got married and became a farmer in Lyndhurst, Hampshire. He separated from his wife about six years later.

In 1774 Phillip joined the Portuguese Navy as a captain. He served in the Spanish-Portuguese War, 1776–1777. Phillip took a group of convict ships from Portugal to Brazil. This trip was a success because not many people died. This may have been one of the reasons Phillip was asked to led the expedition to Australia. In 1778 England was at war again, and Phillip was recalled to active service. In 1779 he was given his first command, the ship "Basilisk". He was promoted to captain in 1781, and given command of the "Ariadne". In 1782 he was captain of the "Europe" with his friend Philip Gidley King as his lieutenant. They sailed to India. In 1784 he was back on half pay in England. He spent time in southern France and in 1786 was doing survey work for the Royal Navy.

In October 1786, Phillip was made Governor of New South Wales. The British government wanted to start a penal colony (prison) on the east coast of Australia. Phillip knew about farming, and had taken prisoners to Brazil for the Portuguese. This made him a good choice to be leader. Phillip had a very hard time getting the ships ready for the eight month sea voyage to Australia. He had to take everything that the new colony might need. Phillip had no real idea of what he might find when he got there. There wasn't much money to buy things. He wanted people who knew about farming, building and making things, but this was rejected. Most of the 772 convicts (prisoners) were thieves from the city area of London. Phillip also took a group of marines (soldiers) and small group of officers who were to help him run the new colony.

The First Fleet, of 11 ships, sailed on 13 May 1787. The first ship, HMS "Supply", reached Botany Bay on 18 January 1788. Phillip soon decided that this site, picked by Sir Joseph Banks, was not suitable. It had poor soil, no safe place to leave the ships, and no drinking water. Phillip decided to go north to Port Jackson. On 26 January 1788 (this day is now called Australia Day) the marines and convicts landed at Sydney Cove. It was a successful trip, as only 40 convicts had died. Phillip named Sydney after Lord Sydney.

The first years of the settlement were very hard. They only had the supplies they brought with them. They had to start growing their own food, but the soil around Sydney was poor. They didn't know about the climate, how much rain or when it would fall for example. Very few of the convicts knew anything about farming or growing food. They did not have enough farming tools. The convicts did not want to be farm workers. The colony was in danger of starvation for long time. The soldiers, who didn't like being given orders in many cases, did not think it was their job to make the convicts work. Phillip had to put some convicts in charge (overseers) to get the other convicts working. This was the start of the process of making some convicts free which led to the reforms of Lachlan Macquarie after 1811. As Governor of the new settlement, Phillip had complete power over the eastern half of Australia.

Phillip had respect from the Aboriginal people because he was missing a front tooth. This tooth was the same tooth that they knocked out as part of their initiation ceremonies.

Phillip soon had problems with the soldiers in the penal colony. Life in Sydney was difficult, without proper houses and not enough food. The officer in charge of the soldiers, Major Robert Ross, wanted to give up the settlement and go back to England. Ross complained about Phillip and wrote letters to the government in England about him. The soldiers thought they should be given land and other benefits. They thought they should be given more food than the convicts, but Phillip believed everyone should have an equal share. Ross and the soldiers believed that they were in Australia to protect the settlement from being attacked by other countries. They did not think that their work included guarding the convicts. Ross who was a soldier, did not think he should have to take orders from Phillip, who was a navy man. In March 1790, Phillip finally sent Ross to be in charge of the colony on Norfolk Island. The British government continued to send out convicts, there were over 4000 in Sydney by 1792. Food still needed to be brought in as the colony could not yet grow enough. Phillip began giving small grants of land to ex-convicts to start farms around Parramatta, New South Wales.

On 11 December 1792 Phillip left to go back to England. He needed medical treatment for a pain in his side. The pain was kidney pain from eating so much salted food. He planned to return to Australia, but on medical advice he resigned as Governor and stayed in England. He married Isabella Whitehead in 1794. He eventually got better and in 1796 returned to the navy as a captain. He was in charge of the "Alexander", and later the 74 gun battleship, "Swiftshore". In January 1799 he was made a Rear Admiral of the Blue, and put in charge of the Sea Fencibles. Their job was to defend England against Napoleon. He retired from active service in 1805. He had a number of strokes which left him partly paralysed. He died at Bath, on 31 August 1814, after falling from a third floor window. He was buried at the church of St.Nicholas, Bathampton.

In 2007 Geoffrey Robertson QC found that Phillip's remains are no longer in the church. It is not known where they are. It is believed they were lost while the church was being repaired in the 1970s. Robertson believes that it is an insult to Phillip that he wasn't buried in one of England's cathedrals. He wants the remains of Phillip found and brought back to Australia. 


Bill Cowher

William Laird "Bill" Cowher (born May 8, 1957) is a former American football coach and player. He coached the Pittsburgh Steelers for 15 seasons. He is an analyst for "The NFL Today". He won his only Super Bowl when the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Seattle Seahawks.

Halting problem

The Halting problem is a problem in computer science. The problem is looking at a computer program and finding out if the program is going to run forever or not. We say that a program "solves the halting problem" if it can look at any other program and tell if that other program will run forever or not.

For example, a program like this:

will loop forever, but the program

stops very quickly.

Is there a program that solves the halting problem? It turns out there is not. We prove this fact by showing that if there is a program that solves the halting problem then something impossible happens. So for the moment we will act like there really is a program that solves the halting problem. Here, P is a function which will evaluate function F (called with argument I) and return true if it runs forever and false otherwise.

P can look at any program and find out if it will run forever or not. We use P to make a new program that we will call Q. What Q does is look at another program and then answer the following question: "If we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself, will it run forever?". We can make Q because we have P. All we need to do is to tell Q to create a new program that is the old program looking at itself, and then use P to find out if the new program runs forever or not.

Now we make another program R. R looks at another program and asks Q for its answer on that program. If Q answers "yes, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself it will run forever", then R stops. If Q answers "no, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself, it will not run forever", then R enters an infinite loop and runs forever.

Now we look at what happens if we make R look at a copy of itself. Two things can happen: it will either stop or run forever. 

If running R and making it look at a copy of itself does not run forever, then Q answered "yes, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself it will run forever". But Q said this when looking at R itself. So what Q actually said is: "yes, if we run R and make it look at a copy of itself it will run forever". So: If R running on a copy of itself does not run forever, then it does run forever. This is impossible. 

If running R and making it look at a copy of itself runs forever, then Q answered "no, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself it will not run forever". But Q said this when looking at R itself. So what Q actually said is: "no, if we run R and make it look at a copy of itself it will not run forever". So: If R running on a copy of itself runs forever, then it does not run forever. This is also impossible.

No matter what happens, we get an impossible situation. We did something wrong, and we need to find out what it was. Most of the things we did were not wrong. We can not say "making a program look at a copy of itself is wrong", or "looking at what another program said and then going into a loop if it said one thing, and stopping if it said another thing" is wrong. It does not make sense to say that we are not allowed to do those things. The only thing that we did that looks like it could be wrong is that we pretended that a program like P exists in the first place. And since this is the only thing that could be wrong, and something must be wrong, this is it. This is the proof that a program like P does not exist. There is no program that solves the halting problem.

This proof was found by Alan Turing in 1936.

 This is the paper where Turing defines Turing machines, formulates the halting problem, and shows that it (as well as the Entscheidungsproblem) is unsolvable.

Largentière

Largentière () is a "commune" in the Ardèche department of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France. It is a "subprefecture" of the department.

Its name, used since the thirteenth century in place of its more ancient name "Segualeriae" (Ségualières), refers to the silver mines in the area between the tenth and fifteenth centuries.

The "commune" of Largentière is in the southern part of the Ardèche department, in the narrow valley of the "Ligne" river, a short right tributary of the Ardèche river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Largentière to other cities are:

Largentière is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Largentière is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The inhabitants of Largentière are known, in French, as "Largentiérois" (women: "Largentiéroises").

With a population of 1,734, Largentière has a population density of inhabitants/km. It is the second smallest subprefecture in France after Castellane in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department that has only 1,541 inhabitants (2014).
Evolution of the population in Largentière

Largentière is a subprefecture of the Ardèche department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Largentière and is part of the canton Vallon-Pont-d'Arc.

It is part of the intercommunality "Val de Ligne", officially named as "Communauté de communes Val de Ligne".



Tucumcari, New Mexico

Tucumcari is a city in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It was founded in 1901 and is the county seat of Quay County.


Gibson

Gibson may refer to:

Gibson Les Paul

The Gibson Les Paul is an electric guitar that has been made by Gibson since 1952. It is one of the most popular electric guitars of all time.

Usclades-et-Rieutord

Usclades-et-Rieutord is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Uzer, Ardèche

Uzer is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Vals-les-Bains

Vals-les-Bains is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Vernon, Ardèche

Vernon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Veyras, Ardèche

Veyras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Coucouron

Coucouron is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Scottish Fold

The Scottish Fold (sometimes called Coupari by Canadian breeders) is a breed of cat. Its distinctive ear fold is caused by a particular gene.

First known as Flops, for their "floppy" ears, Scottish Fold became the breed's name in 1966. Scottish Folds with long hair are known by a number of names. For example, it is called the Highland Fold by the ACFA, AACE, and UFO; the Scottish Fold Longhair by the TICA, NCFA, ACA, CCA, and CFA; and the Longhair Fold by the CFF.

The very first Scottish Fold was a long-haired barn cat with white fur, called Susie. She was found in 1961 at a farm near Coupar Angus in Perthshire, Scotland. Susie's ears had an unusual fold in the middle, making her look like an owl. When Susie had kittens, two of them were born with the distinctive folded ears. One was owned by William Ross, a nearby farmer and cat-lover. Ross registered the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy in Great Britain and started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of Pat Turner. The breeding program ended up with 76 kittens in the first three years, 42 with folded ears. They suspected that the ear mutation was from a dominant allele. This means that if one parent has straight ears, and one parent has folded ears, half of the kittens will be Folds.

Susie's only fertile offspring was a female Fold named Sans, also white like her mother. A second kitten was neutered shortly after birth. Three months after Sans' birth, Susie was killed by a car. All Scottish Fold cats are related to Susie and Sans. This kind of ancestry is very rare, even among pedigreed animals.

The breed was not accepted for showing in Great Britain and Europe because people thought that they would be overly prone to ear problems such as infection, mites, and deafness, but the Folds were sold in America. The breed kept on growing using crosses with British Shorthairs and American Shorthairs. Despite the initial concerns, the Fold breed has not had the expected mite and infection problems. However, wax can build up faster than in the ears of other cats.

Folds are very popular pets because of their unique look, and their reputation as particularly loving companions. Fold kittens are usually much more expensive to buy than kittens of more common breeds.

All Folds are born with straight, unfolded ears. Cats that have the Fold gene will start to show the fold before 21 days. The first cats only had one fold in their ears. With careful breeding, breeders have changed the fold to a double or triple fold. This causes the ear to lie totally flat against the head.

Folds are a medium-sized breed of cat (9–13 lbs. for males and 6–9 lbs. for females). They have round bodies, round heads, and round faces. They have big round eyes. Their noses are short with a gentle curve. They have medium to short sized legs. Their heads are curved at the top. They have very short necks. The eyes have a big gap which gives the Scottish Fold a "sweet expression".

Scottish Folds can be either long- or short-haired. They may have nearly any coat colour or mix of colours (including white) except pointed colours. According to cat-fancy website Terrific-Cats.com:
Scottish Folds, whether with folded ears or with normal ears, are normally good-natured and calm. They can adjust to other animals within a household very well. They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers. They are by nature quite loving. Folds receive high marks for playfulness, affection, and grooming. They are often clever, loyal, quiet, and do well in changing home situations.

Folds are also known for sleeping on their backs. Scottish Folds normally have soft voices. They can give a mix of meows and purrs not found in better-known breeds.

Scottish Folds usually live for around 15 years.
Scottish folds can easily get polycystic kidney disease (PKD), osteochondritis, and cardiomyopathy.

Because the ears fold nearly a month after birth, Fold kittens cannot be judged immediately as to their type or value, as the animal website PetFinder.com says:
One special medical problem comes in the Scottish Fold if both parents have folded ears. In such a case, their kittens will be very likely (1:4 ratio, or usually at least one per litter) to have a painful joint disease that can fuse the tail, ankles and/or knees. Scientists think the disease is caused by the dominant (folded-ear) gene. It is more likely to affect Folds with the gene twice, than mixed single with one recessive (unfolded-ear) gene. This disease can also affect Scottish Folds with one copy of the gene, but usually not as often or as badly. For this reason the breed is not accepted by either the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy or the Fédération Internationale Féline. This is the reasoning behind the widely-held belief that the only ethical manner of breeding Folds is Fold/nonfold and not Fold/Fold (in the same way Munchkins are bred).

The Scottish Fold is one of the main focuses in the short novel "The Cat Who Went to Paris" by Peter Gethers. The book and its two sequels, "A Cat Abroad" and "The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and His Imperfect Human", talk about the life of Gethers and his Fold, Norton. It starts with their first meeting and ends with Norton's death and Gether's life after the loss.

Cat guides about the Scottish Fold breed can be found. For example "Scottish Fold Cats: A Complete Pet Owner's Manual" (), "Guide to Owning a Scottish Fold Cat" (), and "Scottish Fold Cats (Cats Set III)" ().

The Sims 3

The Sims 3 is a computer game for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. It was released on June 2, 2009 and is a sequel to the popular "The Sims" and "The Sims 2" computer games. There have been versions of the game for consoles and mobile phones as well. "The Sims 3" was a success right when it was released. The game has sold 1.4 million copies in its first week and over ten million copies worldwide to date.

EA released a sequel, "The Sims 4", in September 2, 2014.

The Sims 3 is made with the same idea as the games before it. The player controls their own Sims in activities and relationships in a similar manner to real life. The game play is open-ended and has no limits. Sims houses and neighborhoods are in one huge map. The developers stated, "What you do outside your home now matters as much as what you do within." The game includes an optional feature called "Story Progression", which allows all Sims in the neighborhood to continue on their own as if the player were controlling them, such as grow up, get married, get jobs and promotions, have children, and build or buy their dream house while the player is not playing. The Sims 2 used a reward system called Wants and Fears. This is replaced with a new system called Wishes in The Sims 3. Completing a Sim's wish helps the Sim's Lifetime Happiness score and mood. Some wishes, such as "Go to the Park", may add little points to their lifetime happiness while "Have A Baby Boy" may add thousands of points. In The Sims 2, Wants and Fears also contributed to a Sim's "Aspiration" meter, the same to current self-esteem. In The Sims 3, Aspiration is removed entirely, replaced with "Moodlets", which contribute good or bad values to the original Motivation meter. Moodlets can be inspired by physical events, such as having a good meal or comfort from sitting in a good chair, as well as emotional events like a first kiss or a break-up. Most moodlets last for a set amount of time, but some bad Moodlets can be cured (such as the one caused by a need to use the bathroom) and some positive ones rely on the Sim's surroundings and traits.

Brad Delson

Bradford Phillip "Brad" Delson (born December 1, 1977 in Agoura Hills, California) is the lead guitarist of alternative rock band Linkin Park.

Brad went to Agoura High School with fellow member of Linkin Park Mike Shinoda.

Charlton Heston

Charlton Heston (October 4, 1923 – April 5, 2008) was an American actor and political activist. He had many big roles, such as playing Moses in the movie "The Ten Commandments", astronaut Colonel George Taylor in "Planet of the Apes" (1968) and "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" (1970), the dystopian "The Omega Man" (1971), and "Soylent Green" (1973). Heston played Judah Ben-Hur in the Academy Award-winning "Ben-Hur".

He was born in Wilmette, Illinois on October 4, 1923. He was raised in St. Helen, Michigan. Heston studied at New Trier High School and at Northwestern University.

Heston was also known for his politics. When he was young he held liberal views and marched with people such as Martin Luther King, Jr. for civil rights in the 1960s.

It was rare for a Hollywood actor to be for such causes at that time. Later in his life, he was for conservative causes such as gun rights. He was president of the National Rifle Association of America, a group that is for the rights of gun owners, from 1998 to 2003.

In July 2003, he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom at the White House from President George W. Bush.

Late in his life, Heston had Alzheimer's disease. He died of pneumonia, aged 84, in Beverly Hills, California.


Ambush marketing

Ambush marketing is a form of marketing. Many events, especially in sports have sponsors. These sponsors pay money, which makes it possible to hold the event. In return for this, they get publicity and media coverage. Ambush marketing is a name given to marketing campaigns that are also done around the event, but where no money is paid for the event.

There are many major events where one company will pay money to become the "exclusive sponsor" of the event (or in a category of the event). This blocks other brands or companies. These other brands then seek to promote themselves in connection with the same event. They do not pay the sponsorship fee. Even if they wanted to, they could not, because one brand is the exclusive sponsor. 

Ambush marketing is not illegal, and many people do it. Examples in sport include FIFA World Cup, Olympic Games, and the Super Bowl.

Anti-ambush marketing regulations have become controversial for restricting freedom of speech and self-promotion.


Al-Mustansir II

Al-Mustansir II of Cairo was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt, for the Mamluk Sultans between 1261 and 1262.

University of Texas at El Paso

The University of Texas at El Paso is a public university in El Paso, Texas, United States. It has about 20,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1914.

Achaemenid Empire

The Achaemenid Empire, or Persian Empire, (550–330 BC) was the first Persian Empire to rule over significant portions of Greater Persia (or Iran). It followed the Median Empire as the second great empire of the Iranian peoples. At the height of its power, the Achaemenid Empire had about 7.5 million square kilometres and was territorially the largest empire of classical antiquity.

The empire was forged by Cyrus the Great. It spanned three continents, including parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan; parts of Central Asia, Asia Minor, Thrace; much of the Black Sea coastal regions; Iraq, northern Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Israel, Lebanon and Syria; and all of the significant population centres of ancient Egypt as far west as Libya. The empire was the foe of the Greek city-states of the Greco-Persian Wars. It freed the Israelites from their Babylonian captivitya nd instituted Aramaic as the its official language. Because of the empire's vast extent and long endurance, Persian influence upon the language, religion, architecture, philosophy, law, and government of nations around the world has lasted ever since.

The empire began as a tributary state of the Medes but ended up conquering and enlarging them and includiong Egypt and Asia Minor. Under Xerxes, it came very close to conquering Ancient Greece. The Achaemenids were overthrown by Alexander the Great, who conquered it in 330 BCE.






Vexilloid

A vexilloid has the same functions as a flag but it looks different. Vexilloids are characteristic of traditional societies and ancient empires (Flags did not come into general use until medieval times.). A "vexilloid" consists of a staff held upright with a cloth banner that hangs down vertically on the staff and on top of the staff is an emblem, such as a carved animal.

Whitney Smith, "Flags Through the Ages and Across the World", 

The Dark Knight (movie)

The Dark Knight is a 2008 British-American superhero movie. It was directed, produced, and co-written by Christopher Nolan. Based on the DC Comics character Batman, the movie is the second installment of Nolan's "The Dark Knight Trilogy" and a sequel to 2005's "Batman Begins". It stars Christian Bale and supported by Michael Caine, Heath Ledger, Gary Oldman, Aaron Eckhart, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Morgan Freeman. In the movie, Bruce Wayne / Batman (Bale), Police Lieutenant James Gordon (Oldman) and District Attorney Harvey Dent (Eckhart) form an alliance to take down organized crime in Gotham City, but are menaced by an anarchistic mastermind known as the Joker (Ledger), who seeks to undermine Batman's influence and throw the city into anarchy.

The movie begins with the Joker and his gang of clowns robbing a mob bank. The other clowns shoot each other so that there are fewer people so they can get more money per person. The manager of the bank takes out his shotgun and shoots one of them. The Joker takes off his mask and kills the last clown, leaving all the money for himself. He then drives away in a school bus.

The crime mob in the city is very mad at the Joker for robbing the bank. The Joker comes to them and says he wants to kill Batman. Meanwhile, Gotham City's District Attorney Harvey Dent tries to shut the mob down by tracking down the money. A businessman named Lau finds out about this and takes the money out beforehand and goes to Hong Kong so that he cannot be caught. Batman, whose real name is Bruce Wayne, flies down there himself, kidnaps him, and takes him back to Gotham City.

The Joker says he wants Batman to take his mask off and show the world who he is, and that if he does not, people will die. Commissioner Loeb dies from drinking acid in his drink and the judge that was at the mob trials is killed. The Joker then hires some men to kidnap police officers and take their uniforms. At Loeb's funeral, Joker's men attempt to shoot the mayor. Police officer James Gordon tackles the mayor and is shot and apparently killed.

Dent then calls a press conference to ask the people there if he should reveal Batman. After they say yes, Dent says that he is Batman and has the police arrest him. They put him on a truck to send him to jail. The Joker and his men drive a truck that badly damages the truck Dent is riding in. The real Batman comes in and attempts to save Dent but wrecks his motorcycle-like Batpod when the Joker stands there, since Batman has a rule that he will not kill anyone. Gordon, who is revealed to have faked his death, arrests the Joker.

In jail, Batman questions the Joker. The Joker eventually reveals that his men captured Rachel Dawes, Batman's old childhood friend and Dent's girlfriend, and Dent. He has put them in warehouses far away so that Batman cannot save both of them himself. They are near bombs that will go off and kill them. The Joker tells Batman where each person is. Batman goes to save Dawes while Gordon and his men go to rescue Dent. However, when Batman gets to Rachel's location, he only sees Dent, because the Joker switched the addresses. Batman gets Dent out, but the bomb goes off and Dent scars half of his face. Gordon is too late to save Dawes.

The Joker gets out of jail. He gets his phone call and dials a cell phone that is wired to a bomb, which blows up the police station. Afterwards, he visits the hospital where Dent is staying. Dent is driven crazy because of Dawes' death. The Joker frees Dent and tells him to take revenge. Dent goes around flipping coins and decides whether he will kill them or keep them alive. He starts going after the various police people who leaked information to the Joker to make it possible for him to kidnap and kill Dawes.

The Joker then announces that the city is his. The people in charge load up two ferries with people to get them out of the city. The Joker has wired both boats with explosives and has given each boat the detonator to the other one, saying that he will blow up both boats at midnight if one boat does not blow up the other.

Batman finds the Joker in an abandoned building. He uses a sonar system (created by Lucius Fox) to defeat the Joker's men and stops him from destroying both ferries. He then leaves the Joker hanging. The Joker is very impressed, stating that Batman cannot be corrupted into breaking his own rule. A SWAT team then captures the Joker.

At the end of the movie, Batman finds that Dent has kidnapped Gordon's family. When Batman arrives, Dent flips his coin to decide their fates. Before he can see the result of his next coin flip, Batman tackles Dent off the edge of the building, letting the vigilante plummet to his death. With Dent dead, Gordon says that if word gets out that Dent killed all these people, all the work he did will have been lost. Batman offers to take the blame for all the murders. Gordon, who is originally against it, agrees. He destroys the Bat-Signal and orders the police to hunt Batman down. Batman takes off into the night while Gordon's son does not understand the reasoning for why Batman must be hunted. But Gordon explains "because he can take it. Because he's not a hero. He's a silent guardian; a watchful protector; a Dark Knight."
Warner Bros. initially created a viral marketing campaign for The Dark Knight, developing promotional websites and trailers highlighting screenshots of Ledger as the Joker. Ledger died on January 22, 2008, some months after he completed filming and six months before the movie's release from a toxic combination of prescription drugs, leading to strong attention from the press and movie-going public.

The movie was the first mainstream feature to partially utilize IMAX 70 mm cameras, with Nolan using them for 28 minutes of the movie, including the Joker's first appearance.

The movie was filmed in Chicago and in Hong Kong. Some scenes were shot in London. During the filming in Chicago, Nolan decided to blow-up an abandoned Brach's candy factory (which was Gotham Hospital in the movie).

Nolan's inspiration for the movie was the Joker's comic book debut in 1940, the 1988 graphic novel "The Killing Joke", and the 1996 series "The Long Halloween", which retold Harvey Dent's origin. The "Dark Knight" nickname was first applied to Batman in Batman #1 (1940), in a story written by Bill Finger.

The movie is known as one of the best movies of its decade and one of the best superhero movies of all time. It got critical praise for its screenplay, visual effects, musical score, themes, performances (particularly Ledger's), cinematography, action sequences and direction. The movie also set numerous records during its theatrical run. 
"The Dark Knight" appeared on 287 critics' top-ten lists, more than any other movie of 2009 with the exception of "WALL-E", and more critics (77) named "The Dark Knight" the best movie released that year. With over $1 billion in revenue worldwide, it became the fourth-highest-grossing movie at the time, and highest-grossing movie of 2009; it also set the record for highest-grossing domestic opening with $158 million, a record it held for three years.

At the 81st Academy Awards, the movie had eight nominations. It won the award for Best Sound Editing and Ledger was posthumously awarded Best Supporting Actor. "The Dark Knight Rises", the final movie in the trilogy, was released on July 20, 2013.

Many people were upset that it was not nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. At the time, only five movies could have been nominated for the category. Since many were upset about this, the Academy changed the number of movies that could be nominated for Best Picture from five to ten.



Gorgon

In Greek mythology, the Gorgons were female monsters that had fangs and serpents for hair with bronze claws. They were the daughters of Phorkys and Keto. The serpents in their hair were special: Everyone who looked at them was turned to stone. There were three Gorgons, named Stheno, Euryale and Medusa. Only Medusa was mortal. She was beheaded by Perseus. Medusa's head was brought to Athena. There are many motives showing Athena with an aegis, and a Gorgon's head on her chest. 

Homer only talks about one Gorgon. Hesiod names all three, Stheno, the powerful one, Euryale,who could jump far, and trouble-ridden Medusa, the queen. According to Hesiod, they lived at the edge of the known world, in the Atlas Mountains. At a later time, Libya is also named as their home.

With Hellenism came the myth that the Gorgo was a sister of Alexander the Great. In this myth, she is a neck, a water spirit. The sailors of each passing boat are asked whether he is still alive. If they answer no, she takes the boat and the sailors into the water. The answer that saves the lives of the seamen is "Yes, and he reigns as a king" (). 

The heads of the Gorgons are often found on shields, capes and amulets. These were believed to be magic. The magic that is used against bad spirits and bad luck is known as apotropaic magic.

As the World Turns

As the World Turns (ATWT) is an American television soap opera that airs each weekday on CBS.

Set in the made-up town of Oakdale, Illinois, the show first went on TV on Monday, April 2, 1956 at 1:30pm EST. Before this show, all soaps were fifteen minutes in length; ATWT was the first half-hour soap opera.

At first, viewers were not excited about it, but ratings picked up in its second year, and reached the top spot in the daytime Nielsen Ratings by the fall of 1958. "As the World Turns" was the most-watched daytime drama from 1958 until 1978, with ten million people watching each day. At its height, the main actors such as Helen Wagner, Don MacLaughlin, Don Hastings, and Eileen Fulton became very well known in the United States.

The show went from black-and-white to color in the mid-1960s, with the final black-and-white episode shown on February 10, 1967. The show went from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on December 1, 1975. Also in 1975, they stopped doing the show live, and decided to tape it instead - that way, more than one episode could be taped in a day, and the actors would not have to work every day.

April 2, 2006 was the 50th anniversary of the soap opera on CBS. The show aired its 13,000th episode April 23, 2007; the 10,000th episode aired on May 12, 1995. "As the World Turns" is well known for having been taped in New York City for all of its 52 years on television (43 years in Manhattan and nine years in Brooklyn).
On December 8, 2009, CBS announced that "As the World Turns" would air its last episode in September 2010. The series concluded on September 17, 2010.

Mexican wolf

The Mexican wolf ("Canis lupus baileyi"), also known as the lobo, is a species of wolf. It is one of the rarest subspecies of the grey wolf. It was once native to southeastern Arizona, southern New Mexico, western Texas and northern Mexico. It is the smallest of North America's gray wolves.

Live USB

A Live USB is a USB flash drive that contains a full operating system so it can serve as a boot device.


Traffic collision

A traffic collision, also known as a motor vehicle collision or car crash, is when a vehicle hits another vehicle, person or object. Pedestrians, animals, road debris or other objects may be involved. Sometimes a trial occurs, in order to determine fault in a traffic collision.

Traffic collisions often result in injury, death, and property damage. They injure tens of millions of people every year, and kill usually a little more than a million. 

Road safety is partly a matter of design. Ideally, roads should be designed for the safety of all road users. This would mean providing adequate facilities for pedestrians, cyclists, and motorcyclists. Infrastructure measures such as footpaths, cycling lanes, safe crossing points, and other traffic calming measures can help reduce the risk of injury.


Malden, Massachusetts

Malden is a suburban city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 66,263 at the 2020 census.

Malden is located at . It is bordered by Melrose on the North, Everett on the south, Medford on the west, Revere on the east, and Saugus on the northeast.

Like many communities in New England, many towns and neighborhoods are organized around "Squares" which are locations of crossroads and town commons dating from the colonial and early 19th century years. Many of the neighborhoods in Malden take their name and identity from the Square they are centered around.

Malden's squares include Malden Square (formerly Converse Square, and the location of downtown Malden), Oak Grove Square (at Oak Grove T Station, Bellrock Square (at the intersections of Cross, Main and Medford Sts.), Judson Square (near Ferryway Green/School), former Suffolk Square (at Cross and Bryant Streets, and the location of a thriving Jewish community until being claimed by urban renewal in the 1960s), Maplewood Square (at Lebanon, Maplewood and Salem Streets) and Linden Square.

Some of the neighborhoods in Malden include Faulkner (location of the former Suffolk Square) West End, Edgeworth, Linden, Ferryway, Forestdale, Maplewood, Bellrock, and Belmont Hill (located between Bellrock and Ferryway).

Gary Bettman

Gary Bettman (born June 2 1952) is the current commissioner of the National Hockey League. He has held this post since February 1 1993. He is unpopular among many hockey fans, who are still angry over the lockout a few years ago. He has become even more unpopular for leading the league into another lockout in September 2012.

Mother (series)

, is a role-playing video game series made by Nintendo, Ape, Inc., HAL Laboratory, and Brownie Brown. Shigesato Itoi was in charge of all three games. It has three main games in it, and started on the NES with "Mother", and then it had "EarthBound" on the Super NES and "Mother 3" on the Game Boy Advance. "EarthBound" is the only game of the three that came out in English, and it has a strong fanbase that wants the other two games in English too.

The series takes place by travelling in western directions for the most part, but it also goes to other places like deserts, a prehistoric world, and a dream world.

"Mother" is the first title in the "EarthBound" series. It was made by Ape, Inc. and designed by Shigesato Itoi for the NES. It was going to be called "EarthBound" in the United States, and Nintendo of America completed the translation of the game, but they decided that role-playing video games were not worth releasing, and that it was too late in the NES' life to release.

"EarthBound" (known as "Mother 2" in Japan) is the second title in the series. It's the most well known because it was the only one released outside of Japan. It was made by Ape, Inc. for the Super NES. It stars a boy named Ness, a girl named Paula, a boy named Jeff, and a boy named Poo, who have to work together to defeat an evil alien called Giygas, who conquers the Earth 10 years in the future.

"Mother 3" is the third and latest "EarthBound" game. It was made by Brownie Brown and released for the Game Boy Advance. It started on the Nintendo 64 as "EarthBound 64", but got canceled since the N64 was almost done. It was announced in 2003 that it was going to move to the Game Boy Advance, and came out in 2006. It changed from 3D to 2D, but it kept the same characters and story. It never came outside of Japan because of "EarthBound"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s low sales in the United States, though there have been a lot of rumors, including one in Electronic Gaming Monthly about a game called "Mother Compilation" for the Nintendo DS which would include all three games. "Mother 3" is about the adventures of a boy named Lucas and his dog Boney, who joins up with a princess named Kumatora and a thief named Duster who have to fight the Pig Mask Army. Shigesato Itoi, the creator, has no plans to make a sequel.

Nintendo made a collection of "Mother" and "EarthBound" for the Game Boy Advance called "Mother 1 + 2". It never came out of Japan. There has not been another re-release of any of the games since, but "EarthBound" was rated by the ESRB for a Virtual Console release.

"EarthBound" has always been in the "Super Smash Bros." series. In "Super Smash Bros.", Ness (from "EarthBound") is a playable character, using special PSI moves and attacks from "EarthBound". He appeared again in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" with some new moves, and was going to be replaced by Lucas because he was going to be the star of "EarthBound 64", but since it was canceled, he kept Ness instead. "Melee" also added stages from "EarthBound" based on two of the towns from the second game, and collectible trophies of characters and items from it. "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" brought Ness back, but also added Lucas since "Mother 3" came out. It also added a stage from "Mother 3" and new trophies too.


Australian Recording Industry Association

The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) is a group that represents the music industry in Australia. It is in charge of music licenses and royalties. ARIA has more than 100 members, and is run by a Board of Directors. ARIA holds annual award ceremonies called the "ARIA Music Awards" where prizes are given for Australian music. It also runs the "ARIA" which are music charts which list the most popular songs and albums in Australia each week.



Microsoft Excel

Microsoft Excel (full name Microsoft Office Excel) is a part of Microsoft Office. It is also available on Mac. It is made by Microsoft and it is proprietary software. It is used on the operating systems Microsoft Windows and macOS. It can do calculations and graphics. For example, it can make charts and other pictures from data tables. It also has a macro programming language called Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). Excel is part of Microsoft Office. The current versions are 2021 for Windows and 2021 for Mac.

Villeneuve-de-Berg

Villeneuve-de-Berg is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Astro Nusantara

Astro Nusantara was a satellite television service in Indonesia. Astro Nusantara is operated by PT Direct Vision (found on 28 February 2006), a joint venture company between Astro All Asia Networks plc and PT First Media Tbk. subsidiary PT. Direct Vision. Currently, the service consists of 48 channels including 5 locally produced Indonesia exclusive channels were launched under the Astro brand.


Oxnard, California

Oxnard is the largest city in Ventura County, California. Over 200,000 people live there. Founded in 1903. It is at the western edge of the fertile Oxnard Plain, and is one of the world's most important agricultural places, that has the strawberry and lima bean capital.


List of tools to create Live USB systems

This page lists and links to information on the various versions of Microsoft Windows, a major computer operating system developed by Microsoft.

In this section, a client version of Windows is a version that end-users or OEMs can install on personal computers, including desktop computers, laptops and workstations.

Mobile devices include smartphones, handheld tablet computers and personal digital assistants 




Real Madrid Baloncesto

Real Madrid is a Spanish basketball team. It was founded in 1932 as a division of the Real Madrid club.

2011-2020

The team secured the club's 10th European Cup crown in May 2018, before clinching a 34th league title in June of the same year. Three seasons earlier, in the 2014/15 campaign, the Whites enjoyed a historic year in which the team captured five titles, including a ninth continental crown. The success of that season was followed up in the 2015/16 campaign, which ended with the team winning the league and Copa del Rey double. The side also lifted this latter title in the tournament's 2017 edition.


"The numbers are established according to the official website: www.realmadrid.com




Vogüé

Vogüé is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Chirols

Chirols is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Chomérac

Chomérac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. It is 8 km (5 miles) from Ardèche's capital Privas at the centre of the Ardèche.

Creysseilles

Creysseilles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Cros-de-Géorand

Cros-de-Géorand is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Duane Allman

Howard Duane Allman (November 20, 1946 – October 29, 1971) was an American musician. He was the lead guitarist of the southern rock group, the Allman Brothers Band. He is often thought of as one of the greatest guitarists of all time, and is widely considered the greatest slide guitarist of all time.

Nomenclature

Nomenclature may mean a set or system of names or terms used by one person or by a community. This community will often be used in one or more areas of science (scientific nomenclature) or art.

Nomenclature may refer to one of the following:




Saint-Étienne

Saint-Étienne is a city in France, located southwest of Lyon. It is the prefecture of the Loire department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It was first mentioned in 1258 as "Sancti Stephani de Furanum". From about the 14th century, the importance of the city grew due to the arms that were made there. Jules Massenet was born near Saint-Étienne.

A.S. Saint-Étienne is a famous football club.


Saint-Étienne is twinned with:


Saint-Julien-en-Saint-Alban


Saint-Julien-Labrousse

Saint-Julien-le-Roux

Transport in Melbourne

Melbourne, Victoria, Australia has lots of transport contentions by air, sea, and on land. It has the largest tram network in the world, the most extensive freeway network of any Australian city, the busiest container port in the country, the second busiest airport and the second largest suburban rail network.


Dunière-sur-Eyrieux

The commune's name was changed from "Dunières-sur-Eyrieux" to "Dunière-sur-Eyrieux" (without "s") on 1st of January 2001.


Faugères, Ardèche

Faugères is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

History of the National Hockey League

The National Hockey League (NHL) is a professional sports organization. It contains ice hockey teams in Canada and the United States. It began in 1917 and is still running.

The National Hockey League began in 1917 in Montreal. It happened because of a series of problems within the Canadian National Hockey Association (NHA). The NHA suspend operations and the new NHL started instead.

Destroy All Humans! (2005 video game)

Destroy All Humans! is a video game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ. It was released for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 game consoles. The game is set in 1950s U.S. and parodies the lifestyles, pop culture, and politics of this time period. The player controls Cryptosporidium 137, a member of the Furon race of aliens, who has come to Earth to harvest DNA from humans to continue the cloning process of his species. Destroy All Humans has gameplay similar to the "Grand Theft Auto" series.

A sequel called "Destroy All Humans! 2" was released in October 17, 2006, and also "Destroy All Humans! Big Willy Unleashed" has released on February 25, 2008. Exclusive on Nintendo Wii.

Thylacinidae

The Thylacinidae are a family of mammals that were all carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia. They are now extinct, which means we never get to see them again.

Family †Thylacinidae

Badjcinus

Badjcinus ("expert hunter dog") was an animal that belonged to the extinct marsupial family Thylacinidae.

It was one of the most primitive members of its group, living 33 to 32 million years ago in the early Oligocene. It was quite small, averaging 5.2 lbs (2.4 kg) in weight.

Its diet probably consisted of small mammals, amphibians, reptiles and insects.

Although "Badjcinus" was successful in its period, it probably was pushed out by other, better developed thylacinids. The fossils were found at Riversleigh in north-west Queensland, Australia.

Thylacinus

Thylacinus is a genus of extinct carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia.


Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics

The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics, (NUTS) for the French nomenclature d'unités territoriales statistiques, is a geocode standard that shows the administrative divisions of countries for statistical purposes. It was made by the European Union, so it only covers the member states of that union in detail. 

A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country, and is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code (the only difference is "UK" instead of "GB" for the United Kingdom). The subdivision of the country is then displayed by one number. A second or third subdivision level is referred to with another number each. Each numbering starts with 1, as 0 is used for the upper level. In case the subdivision has more than 9 entities, capital letters are used to continue the numbering.

In addition to the full three levels for the European Union countries, all countries have a NUTS code with a two-letter code for a continent and two numbers for the country, and for the USA, Canada and Australia the states, provinces, and territories are numbered separately.

Some are not easily classified: for example, Gibraltar is listed as being outside the EU with the code EO21; while French Guiana is listed twice, once in France as FR930 and once in South America as AS13.

NUTS, in some ways are similar to the ISO 3166-2 standard, as well as the FIPS standard of the United States.

There are three levels of NUTS. Some with two levels of local administrative units (LAUs) below. These were called NUTS levels 4 and 5 until July 2003, but were changed due to official regulations although they are sometimes still described as such. Note that not all countries have every level of division, depending on their size. One of the most extreme cases is Luxembourg, which has only LAUs; the three NUTS divisions each correspond to the entire country itself.

Fire blight

Fire blight is a contagious disease of rosaceous plants

Infections get into open blossoms and tender new shoots and leaves in the spring when blossoms are open. There is no known cure; prevention is the key.
Spraying plants with streptomycin or injecting plants with oxytetracycline can prevent new infections. That leads to antibiotic resistance. Spraying beneficial bacteria or yeast may also prevent fire blight from infecting new trees. The only effective treatment for plants already infected is to cut off the affected branches and dispose of them. 

Michael E. DeBakey

Michael Ellis DeBakey (September 7, 1908 – July 11, 2008) was an [lebanese] heart surgeon who was considered to be a very important name in his area. He was also among the early names of heart surgery.

DeBakey was born as Michel Dabaghi in Lake Charles, Louisiana on September 7, 1908. His parents were born in Lebanon, but moved to America before he was born.

DeBakey was involved with medicine from a young age and went to Tulane University. He held many medicine-related positions during his lifetime.

During World War II, DeBakey made wartime medicine much better than it used to be. He was for the idea of having doctors closer to the areas of battle in war, which worked very well and due to that, more badly hurt soldiers survived. Because of this, Mobile Army Surgical Hospitals (also known as MASH units) were made, and they were used during the Korean War.

In addition to MASH units, DeBakey made many important aspects to surgery, one of which was the roller pump, which DeBakey made at age 23 while still at Tulane University. This would later on make open-heart surgery able to be done, as roller pumps can make blood flow during surgery.

DeBakey worked with another important heart surgeon, Denton Cooley, but they had a disagreement related to the first artificial heart(a manmade heart) put in a human. They did not get along for a long time, but they went on good terms in 2007.

DeBakey did something rare by still practicing medicine in old age. People that he operated on included world leaders, such as Russian President Boris Yeltsin.

In 2005, a serious heart problem happened to DeBakey. Despite him having made the surgery for this problem, he, at first, did not want any surgery. As he got in worse condition, the surgical team had made the decision to perform surgery anyway. Once the surgery was done and he got in better health, DeBakey said that he was glad the surgery happened after all.

On July 11, 2008, DeBakey died of natural causes at age 99. His first wife, two of his sons, and a brother died before him, while his second wife, a daughter, two sons, and two sisters outlive him.


Fire Emblem

Fire Emblem is a series of video games made by Intelligent Systems. Nintendo began publishing the series on the NES console in 1990. The first six games were only released in Japan. Fire Emblem: The Blazing Sword was the first game to be released in North America and Europe. The series is a collection of turn-based strategy role-playing games. They used many characters going on a long journey to fight a common enemy.

In "Fire Emblem", the player moves units across a grid in turns. The player must deal with a challenge with each part in the story, for example, defeating all of the enemy units. A player may choose to fight, move, heal, or visit shops each turn. The battle system is made up of two units fighting each other with their selected weapon. Some weapons are better against others. For example, swords are better against axes. When units defeat others, they gain experience. This experience is used to "level up" the units and makes them stronger. A well known feature in "Fire Emblem" is that when a character is damaged very badly (loses all of their "hit points"), they can never be used in the game again.

Each "Fire Emblem" game is mainly set on a fictional continent, or a really large area. Some continents are used in more than one game. Six continents have been used in "Fire Emblem" so far.

The first six games were released only in Japan. Five out of the next six games were also released in the United States. A few of the games were also released for the Virtual Console on Wii.


Marth and Roy were special (unlockable) characters in the "Super Smash Bros. Melee" roster. Marth returned to "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" and Ike was added instead of Roy returning.

Caitlin

Caitlin[ keyt-lin ] is a female given name. It is a name of exquisite beauty that has enjoyed immense popularity for several decades. Its rich historical and cultural roots imbue it with great significance. The name Caitlin originates from Ireland and is derived from the Gaelic name Caitlín, which in turn is a variant of the name Catherine, meaning "pure" or "clear." This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards

Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards, known in Japan as , is a Nintendo 64 platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and Nintendo. It was later released on the Wii's Virtual Console in 2008 and the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2015. In the game, Kirby helps Ribbon use the power of the crystal to defeat Dark Matter. It introduces the concept of combining abilities. Kirby can combine two abilities to make a new one.


12 Angry Men

12 Angry Men is an American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet. It is set in New York City and stars Henry Fonda and Reginald Rose. It was produced in 1957, and is based on a play by the same name also starring Reginald Rose. It's about 12 jurors having to decide whether a defendant is guilty or not, with only one person saying not guilty in the beginning and trying to convince everyone to vote the same.

The story is about 12 jurors having to vote on whether the defendant being tried for the murder of his father. The crime carries the death penalty, so they are deciding whether he lives or dies. At the beginning, only Juror #8 votes not guilty, and he tries to get everyone else to do the same. After a while, Juror #8 agrees to vote guilty if everyone votes guilty again, but Juror #9 votes not guilty, and they keep talking. Slowly, Juror #8 convinces more and more people to vote not guilty, with a few people fighting him strongly. In the end Juror #3 cracks under the pressure of the other jurors and they all end up voting not guilty.

BioShock

BioShock is a first person shooter/survival horror video game made by 2K Games for the Xbox 360, Windows, PlayStation 3, and Nintendo Switch video game consoles. A very famous video game, it got very good reviews and sold very well. The game's story is about a man who is in a plane crash in the Atlantic Ocean and finds a lighthouse in the middle of the sea, which takes him to an underwater city created by a man named Andrew Ryan called Rapture, which is home to many violent creatures called Splicers, who are people became insane because of mutation.

"BioShock" is set in the year 1960, in Rapture, a fictional underwater city. The player learns about Rapture by listening to voice recordings. Rapture was created by a man called Andrew Ryan, who did not like the political, economic, and religious powers that existed over land. He wanted Rapture to be a place where people could do and become whatever they wanted. The city was secretly built in 1946 on a mid-Atlantic seabed, using submarine volcanoes to give geothermal power. Scientific progress grew in Rapture because there were no governments or religious organizations that could put limits on research. This was how Ryan brought many brilliant scientists into the city. This led to fast developments in engineering and biotechnology. These scientists also discovered ADAM, stem cells harvested from an unknown species of sea slug, which were discovered by Dr. Bridgette Tenenbaum to have the ability to heal damaged tissue and rewrite the human genome. Tenenbaum joined with businessman and mobster Frank Fontaine to create the plasmid industry, which offered superhuman physical enhancements to its customers. Tenenbaum found that ADAM could be mass-produced by implanting the slugs in the stomachs of young girls ("Little Sisters"), taken from orphanages founded by Fontaine.

As time passed, the gap between rich and poor increased. Frank Fontaine created charity organizations to support the underclass. His goal was to use his charity organizations to manipulate the poor. He also made a smuggling operation to supply citizens with forbidden items from the surface, such as religious material. These, along with his control of the plasmid industry, made him immensely powerful. He tried to overthrow Ryan, but the revolt was violently crushed and Fontaine was said to be dead. Ryan seized control of Fontaine's plasmid business. Within a few months, a new figure named Atlas rose as the leader of the disgruntled lower class. On New Year's Eve of 1959, Atlas and his ADAM-infused followers began a new revolt against Ryan that spread throughout Rapture. Ryan in turn began splicing his own forces, and his paranoia had reached such a level he was hanging dozens of people, mostly innocent, in Rapture's main square. In order to solve ADAM shortages, the Little Sisters were mentally conditioned to wander the city and extract ADAM from the dead, recycling it into raw ADAM in their stomachs after swallowing it. "Big Daddies", enhanced and mentally sterilized humans in armored diving suits, were created by Dr. Suchong, the scientist behind many plasmids, to protect the Little Sisters in their work.
A drawback of ADAM is that a user must take regular infusions or suffer mental and physical problems. As the war hurt production and supply, every ADAM user in the city went violently insane. By the time the player arrives, only a handful of non-mutated humans survive in hideouts.

At the start of the game, player-character Jack is a passenger on a plane that goes down in the Atlantic Ocean in 1960, after ordered society in Rapture has collapsed. After surfacing, Jack finds himself the only survivor of the crash, and swims to a nearby lighthouse on an island, where he finds a bathysphere which he uses to sink into the ocean and enter the city of Rapture. An Irishman named Atlas uses the service radio found in the bathysphere to help Jack in making his way to safety. Meanwhile, Ryan, believing Jack to be an agent of a surface nation, uses Rapture's automated systems and his pheromone-controlled Splicers to try to kill Jack. Atlas tells Jack that the only way he can survive is to use the abilities granted by plasmids, and that he must kill the Little Sisters to extract their ADAM. Overhearing Atlas' words, Dr. Tenenbaum intercepts Jack, and urges him to save the Little Sisters instead, giving him a plasmid that will displace the embedded sea slugs in each Sister. Atlas says his wife and child have been hiding on a submarine and directs Jack towards it. Just as Jack and Atlas reach the bay where it is located, Ryan has it destroyed; an angry Atlas asks Jack to kill Ryan.

Eventually, after completing tasks like saving an artificial forest from dying and helping an insane artist build his sculpture, Jack confronts Ryan in his office, who is playing golf. Ryan reveals a truth that he has pieced together. He is Ryan's illegitimate son by an affair with Jasmine Jolene, a dancer. When Jolene became pregnant with Jack, she, in desperate need of money, had her embryo surgically removed and sold it to the highest bidder. She had not realized it was Frank Fontaine who purchased the son, leading to her death by an angry Ryan. Ryan further reveals that, after purchasing Jack's embryo, Fontaine made him to obey orders when he is told "Would you kindly..." Jack was then sent to the surface when the war started to put him beyond Ryan's reach. When the conflict between Fontaine and Ryan reached a stalemate, Jack was sent instructions to board a flight with a package and to use its contents, a revolver, to hijack and crash the plane near the lighthouse, enabling him to return to Rapture as a tool of Fontaine. Because Jack was Ryan's son, he could freely use Rapture's bathysphere network, which had been locked out to everyone except those within Ryan's "genetic ballpark". Finally, Ryan has Jack kill him, wanting to die on his own terms. With Ryan's death, Jack realizes too late that Atlas has also been using the trigger phrase to control him. Atlas reveals himself as Fontaine, who faked his death to throw Ryan off his trail and take control of the city, leaving Jack at the mercy of the reactivated security systems. Dr. Tenenbaum and her Little Sisters help Jack escape through the vent system, where he falls and loses consciousness.

When Jack awakens, Dr. Tenenbaum has already turned off the trigger phrase. When it becomes clear to Fontaine that he is losing control of Jack, Fontaine points out the fact that Tenenbaum has survived both World War II as a Holocaust victim and the battle in Rapture, hinting that she has a secret agenda of her own. With the help of the Little Sisters, Jack is able to track down Fontaine. Fontaine, having been cornered, injects himself with huge amounts of ADAM and becomes an monster. Jack battles Fontaine, eventually beating and allowing the Little Sisters to take the ADAM from Fontaine, killing him.

Three endings are possible depending on how the player interacted with the Little Sisters, all narrated by Dr. Tenenbaum. If the player harvested "no" Little Sisters (thereby saving their lives), the ending shows five Little Sisters returning to the surface with Jack and living full lives under his care, including their graduating from college, getting married, and having children; it ends on a heart-warming tone, with an elderly Jack surrounded on his deathbed by all five of the adult Little Sisters.

If the player harvested (and thereby killed) "all" or almost all of the Little Sisters, the game ends with Jack turning on the Sisters after defeating Fontaine, presumably killing them all and taking their ADAM. Tenenbaum narrates what occurred, angry Jack and his actions, voice thick with anger. Later in the second ending, a "George Washington"-class submarine carrying nuclear missiles comes across the wreckage of the plane and is suddenly surrounded by bathyspheres containing Splicers. The Splicers kill all hands aboard the submarine and take control of it.

If the player killed more than one Little Sister, but not enough to obtain the previous ending, the ending is the same to the second one, but the tone of Tenenbaum's voice is a sad one, as opposed to angry and there are minor dialogue changes.

In the game, the player fights enemies using weapons and plasmids (powers that the player gets from gathering ADAM). Each weapon (except for the wrench) has three different kinds of ammunition with different effects. The special ammunition is more powerful against certain kinds of enemies, but they are more expensive and hard to find. Including shooting lighting bolts, shooting fire, and lifting objects without touching them. Some plasmids are found in the game world, but most must be bought and upgraded at special vending machines. The player gets ADAM by harvesting or rescuing Little Sisters, but before the player can do that, the player must kill the Big Daddies protecting them. Big Daddies are hard to kill and they can kill the player quickly, but most Big Daddies will never attack the player unless the player attacks them first. The player can use this to plan and prepare their attack. After the Big Daddy is killed, its Little Sister will come to check on the Big Daddy. At this point, the player can either harvest or rescue the Little Sister. Harvesting the Little Sister will give the player more ADAM and the player can therefore buy more plasmids, skills, and upgrades. However, if the player harvests too many Little Sisters, the player will get one of the bad endings. If the player rescues Little Sisters, the player will get less ADAM, but will get other rewards if the player rescues a certain number of Little Sisters.

How often the player can use plasmids depends on how much EVE the player has. The player has both both a health and an EVE bar. If the player loses all their EVE, then the player cannot use plasmids. The player will then need to look for items that will refill the player's EVE bar.

Throughout the game, the player will interact with many kinds of machines. Some machines give you items, like vending machines and safes, and others are enemies that attack you, such as security cameras, robots, and turrets. The player can hack all of these machines, and doing so will make buying items cheaper and give you extra items. If the machines are enemies, the player can use electricity to stun machines and hack them. If the player succeeds, then these machines will help the player fight enemies. To hack machines, the player will need to solve a puzzle. The puzzle is about connecting pipes so that a liquid can go from one place to another. If the player fails the puzzle, either the player loses health or security robots will attack the player.

Notes

Dilemma

A dilemma (Greek δί-λημμα "double proposition") is when two solutions or possibilities are present. If both solutions are undesirable or impossible, this may put a person on the horns of a dilemma, neither outcome is comfortable.

The dilemma is sometimes put as a choice "you must accept either A, or B". Here A and B are each leading to some undesirable conclusion. 

In formal logic, the definition of a dilemma differs from everyday usage. Two options are still present, but choosing between them is immaterial because they both imply the same conclusion. Symbolically expressed thus:

formula_1

This can be translated informally as "one (or both) of A or B is known to be true, but they both imply C, so regardless of the truth values of A and B we can conclude C."

Horned dilemmas can present more than two choices. The number of choices of horned dilemmas can be used in their alternative names, such as two-pronged (two-horned) or dilemma proper, or three-pronged (three-horned) or trilemma, and so on.

Constructive dilemmas

Destructive dilemmas

In "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance," Robert Pirsig outlines possible responses to a dilemma. The classical responses are to either choose one of the two horns and refute the other or alternatively to refute both horns by showing that there are additional choices. Pirsig then mentions three illogical or rhetorical responses. One can "throw sand in the bull's eyes" by, for example, questioning the competence of the questioner. One can "sing the bull to sleep" by, for example, stating that the answer to the question is beyond one's own humble powers and asking the questioner for help. Finally one can "refuse to enter the arena" by, for example, stating that the question is unanswerable.


Dilemma (disambiguation)

Dilemma has several meanings:

Royal Society (disambiguation)

The Royal Society may mean:

Royal Society may also refer to :

Hapkido

Hapkido () is a Korean martial art.

To simple sight it is a combination of techniques of taekwondo with others of aikibudo. Its teaching is very much focused to the self-defence.

The history of hapkido is enough confused, but many resources believe it to be the work of two Koreans: Choi Yong Sul (1904-1986) and Ji Han Jae (1936-). When was child, Choi had been in Japan, where it seems that he worked as servant for the master of Daito ryu Aiki jutsu, Sokaku Takeda.

Choi had demonstrated qualities in Daito-ryu Aiki-jutsu and often in Takeda they sent him in order to face with other persons who performed martial arts. From his return to Korea, Choi had begun to give classes of martial arts. One of his students, Ji Han Jae, had made Korean traditional techniques of kicks and punches (obtained from taekkyon and from hwarangdo) a part of the collection of techniques and in result he gave it the name of hapkido in the 1959.

Besides of Choi and Ji, many schools of Korean martial arts have taken part in the development of several techniques that have helped in causing such hapkido as it is known it.


The Royal Society

The Royal Society is a society for science and scientists. It was founded in 1660 by Charles II. It is the oldest society of its kind still in existence.

A Royal Charter, on 15 July 1662, created "The Royal Society of London".

Lord Brouncker was the first President, and Robert Hooke was Curator of Experiments. The reigning monarch has always been the patron of the Royal Society since its foundation.

The motto of the Royal Society is "Nullius in Verba" (Latin: nothing in words). This shows the Society's commitment to establishing scientific truth through experiment rather than by quoting authority.

Although this seems obvious today, the philosophical basis of the Royal Society differed from previous philosophies such as scholasticism, which established scientific truth based on deductive logic, concordance with divine providence and the citation of such ancient authorities as Aristotle.

The members of the society are called Fellows of the Royal Society, and put the letters FRS after their names. There are usually about 1600 of them. They are elected by existing Fellows. All other posts, such as the Secretary and President, are also by election.


Data from Royal Society website.

The Society's 15 Sections are administered by the permanent staff, led by the Executive Secretary, Stephen Cox CVO. The Executive Secretary is supported by the Senior Managers of the Society, including:

The Society bestows ten medals, seven awards (prizes) and nine prize lectureships variously annually, biennially or triennially, according to the terms of reference for each award. The Society also runs The Aventis Prizes for Science Books.








West Midlands

West Midlands may mean either:


Fons, Ardèche

Fons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Freyssenet

Freyssenet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Gluiras

Gluiras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. It is mostly known for its food.


Gourdon, Ardèche

Gourdon is a commune in of the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

You Am I

You Am I is a band from Sydney, Australia. It started in 1989 and plays alternative rock music. You Am I is famous for its lead singer Tim Rogers, for having lots of albums at number one on the ARIA Charts, and for their live music.

Italian Grand Prix

The Italian Grand Prix ("Gran Premio d'Italia") is one of the longest running motor racing events. The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was on September 4, 1921 at Brescia. Now the race is run at the Monza track instead. This track was built in 1922 and was used for almost all other races from then on.

The Italian Grand Prix counted toward the European Championship from 1935 to 1938.

The Italian Grand Prix was one of the first Formula One championship races in 1950. It and has been held every year since then. The only other championship race like this is the British Grand Prix.

After winning the 2006 Italian Grand Prix, Michael Schumacher announced his retirement from Formula 1. It was the end of the 2006 season. Kimi Räikkönen took over from him at Ferrari for the 2007 season.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Grand Prix Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Grand Prix Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Between 1997–2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Built by Porsche

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.


Vodafone

Vodafone is a mobile phone network operator. Its headquarters are in Newbury, Berkshire, England. It is the largest mobile phone network company in the world; it has a market value of about £75 billion (June 2008).

Bratz

Bratz is an American product line of fashion dolls and merchandise manufactured by MGA Entertainment. Bratz reached great success and the original line of dolls was expanded with a number of spin-offs like Bratz Kidz, and Bratz Babyz, as well as media featuring the Bratz characters, including a Web series, movie, TV series, music albums and video games. In 2005, global sales were two billion dollars and by 2006 Bratz had about forty percent of the fashion-doll market.

There have been a number of animated Bratz direct-to-video movies. "Bratz Go to Paris: The Movie" is a re-release of the three "Bratz" episodes where the Bratz go to Paris. "Bratz Babyz Save Christmas", originally released in 2008, was re-released in 2013 as "Bratz Babyz Save Christmas: The Movie". "Bratz: The Movie" from 2007 is the only live-action Bratz feature film. It was co-produced by MGA Entertainment. The plot involves the four Bratz girls starting high school. It received overwhelmingly negative reviews from fans and critics; the Rotten Tomatoes consensus reads: "Full of mixed messages and dubious role-models, "Bratz" is too shallow even for its intended audience."




In August 2015, a new stop-motion web series premiered on YouTube. MGAE confirmed there would be 10 episodes for the first season.

Season 1




Game engine

A game engine is a tool box that carries all the necessary equipment needed to rapidly build a consistent world just like the real world. For example, in real life you would expect an apple to fall to the floor if you let it go from your hand. Game makers use game engines to apply similar rules into their games which allow consistency across their game.

Game engines help game creators make rules for their games, which is also known as game logic. 

The rendering engine creates the 3D images found in video games; most rendering engines rely on dedicated graphics tools and applications to complete these functions. To put it simply, graphics applications like , OpenGL, or streamline the difficult process of dealing directly with the computers graphics processing unit , the component of the computer that handles the display of images. 

The Audio Engine components of the Game Engine incorporates algorithms related to loading and modifying audio input and output. Audio engine’s allow developers to load sound onto the game by decompressing and playing audio files to simulate game sound. Possibilities are endless, an example of how complex audio engine’s can expand is the idea of a doppler effect. Doppler effects can be represented as echoes, pitch/amplitude adjustments, and oscillations.

Is responsible for emulating realistic laws of physics within the application. This consists of a set of functions for simulating physical forces and collisions. Which acts on various objects within the application during run time. 

Artificial Intelligence is implemented into different parts of the main game program. For example, in player vs player video games, AI is used to create bots players can play against.


Mitsubishi Motors

Mitsubishi Motors is the part of the Japanese company Mitsubishi that makes cars. It is based in Tokyo, Japan. Mitsubishi Motors started in 1970. Mitsubishi started making cars in 1917. After World War II, a Mitsubishi executive wanted a separate division to make cars. Mitsubishi was owned by Chrysler until 1992. Chrysler sold Mitsubishi cars in the United States in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. The two companies owned Diamond-Star Motors until 1995, when Mitsubishi owned all of the factory. The first Mitsubishis in the U.S. were sold by Chrysler as Dodge Colts, Plymouth Sapporos, and Dodge Stealths. 1870


Autodromo Nazionale Monza

Autodromo Nazionale Monza is a motorsport race track. It is near the town of Monza, Italy, north of Milan. It is one of the oldest motor racing tracks in the world.

It was built in 1922, and has been used for the Italian Grand Prix almost every year since.

Abe Vigoda

Abe Vigoda (February 24, 1921 – January 26, 2016) was an actor in both television and movie. His most well known roles are playing mobster Sal Tessio in the movies "The Godfather" and "", and playing Detective Phil Fish on television shows "Barney Miller" and "Fish", "Fish" having been a spinoff of "Barney Miller".

In 1982, "People" magazine said that Vigoda had died, even though he did not. Vigoda took the error with a sense of humor, even appearing in a picture where he was in a coffin, holding said magazine. Since then, the false death information, as well as the question to whether Vigoda is dead or alive, has been used as a joke sometimes on various television shows and internet websites.

Vigoda died in his sleep under hospice care at his daughter's home in Woodland Park, New Jersey from complications of an illness on January 26, 2016 at the age of 94.


924 Gilman Street

The 924 Gilman Street project, used to be called the Alternative Music Foundation, is the Berkeley, California street address and official business name of the all-ages, non-profit, music club called "Gilman." 


Big Bird

Big Bird (he/they) is a muppet character on the children's television show "Sesame Street". He is a big, yellow, non-binary bird-like theropod. Unlike most other muppets, they are a full-body muppet, meaning that the person controlling him is completely inside the costume. The person who played the role of Big Bird was Caroll Spinney from 1969 to 2018. In 2018, Caroll Spinney retired, and Matt Vogel started playing the LGBT icon full time.

Hercules: The Legendary Journeys

Hercules: The Legendary Journeys is an American cult television series. It aired from January 16 1995 until November 22 1999. The series was created in 1995 by writer-producers Christian Willians under his production tag, "Pacific Renaissance Pictures LTD" with later co-executive producers being Sam Raimi, Robert Tapert, John Schulian and R. J. Stewart, the series is a Spin-off from the TV movies series aired in 1994, "Hercules and the Amazon Women", "Hercules and the Lost Kingdom", "Hercules and the Circle of Fire", "Hercules in the Underworld", and "Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur", the last of which served mostly as a "clip show" of the previous movies as a lead up to the series, was very loosely based on the tales of the classical Greek culture hero Hercules. It ran for six seasons, producing action figures and other memorabilia as it became one of the highest rated syndicated shows in television history.

The series is set in a fantasy version of ancient Greece not precisely located in historical time. Although set in ancient Greece, the show also has a mixture of Oriental, Egyptian and Medieval elements in various episodes. The show stars Kevin Sorbo as Hercules and regularly features Michael Hurst as his sidekick Iolaus. Robert Trebor often rotates with Iolaus as Hercules' other sidekick, Salmoneus.

Typical plot lines involve Hercules and Iolaus, or Salmoneus, saving rustic villagers from monsters, evil warlords or the often selfish whims of the gods. In the earlier episodes, as mentioned in the show's opening title, Hercules' main nemesis is his evil stepmother Hera, who seeks to destroy Hercules using various monsters, because he is a reminder of her husband Zeus' infidelity. As the series progressed, a wider range of enemies was used; notably, the malicious Ares, god of war, replaced Hera as the show's primary antagonist. Towards the end of the series Ares is himself replaced by the evil god, Dahak, who is the main villain in the show's fifth season and sets off a story arc that has Hercules traveling to Sumeria, Norseland and Éire. Although Zeus, Hercules' father, is frequently cited by Hercules as a neglectful father, Zeus' love for Hercules is well-documented in the show. Indeed, Hercules is often referred to as "the favorite son of Zeus". Zeus makes several appearances on the show, even saving his son's life and restoring his superhuman strength on one occasion when he needs it the most. Hercules, for his own part, is always there for Zeus when his father needs him, and in the end, Hercules reconciles with his father and buries whatever issues he has with the father he has come to understand and love.

The show had a successful spin-off, "", with which it shared recurring characters such as Ares, Autolycus, aforementioned Salmoneus, Aphrodite and Callisto. Both shows, although produced in New Zealand using mostly local actors who strove for American accents, were syndicated worldwide.

Hercules is the world's greatest hero. The son of Zeus, King of the Gods and the mortal woman Alcmene, Hercules uses his divine strength in the aid of all people. His father was never really there for him and Hercules looked on the centaur Ceridan, who was his master at the academy as a father figure. Despite this, there are many who wish him dead. Most notably, Hera, Queen of the Gods and the wife of Zeus, she despises Hercules because he is a testament to Zeus' infidelity and has tried to destroy Hercules and his loved ones at every opportunity. Despite the many tragedies that have befallen him, not least of which both of his wives being killed, Hercules continued to be a force of good in the world. Hercules is played by American actor Kevin Sorbo.

Iolaus has been Hercules' best friend for many years ever since they met at Cheiron's academy. A former thief, Iolaus has long since repented his unlawful ways and is now a permanent force for good. His happy-go-lucky attitude makes him a popular guy, especially among the ladies, but Iolaus has had more than his fair share of tragedy. Not only did he lose his wife Anya and their children to mysterious circumstances, but Iolaus himself has been killed three times. The first two times Hercules brought him back without too much hassle, but the third time was more complicated. In saving Nebula, Iolaus was killed by the treacherous Gilgamesh and Dahak took Iolaus' body as his own. Hercules teamed up with Zarathrusta to defeat Dahak and Iolaus was allowed to become a Servant of the Light in Heaven. Iolaus broke his pact with the angels however, in warning Hercules of Michael's plan to unleash the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse on the world. As punishment Iolaus was deprived of his status of Servant of the Light, but allowed to return to Earth to fight at Hercules' side. Iolaus is played by actors Michael Hurst and Dean O'Gorman.




"Anchor Bay Entertainment" has released all 6 seasons of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" as well as all TV-Movies on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time. The first two-season box sets are not closed-captioned, even though the original release of episodes on TV was.


Nimrod (album)

Nimrod is the fifth album by the punk rock band Green Day. It was released on October 14, 1997 on Reprise Records.

Insomniac (album)

Insomniac is the fourth studio album from the punk rock band Green Day.

Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album

The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album is an award given to recording artists for quality albums in the alternative rock genre at the Grammy Awards. The Grammy Awards were established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony each year by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".

The definition of "alternative" has been debated. The award was first presented in 1991 to recognize non-mainstream rock albums "heavily played on college radio stations". According to the academy, the award is presented to "vocal or instrumental alternative music albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded music". The academy defines "alternative" as a "non-traditional" genre that exists "outside of the mainstream music consciousness". In 1991, and from 1994 to 1999, the award was known as Best Alternative Music Performance. Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.

As of 2011, Radiohead and The White Stripes share the record for the most wins in this category, having won three times each. Radiohead's lead singer, Thom Yorke, was also nominated for the 2007 award for his solo album. Beck and Coldplay have each received the award twice, the latter being the only group to win two years in a row. American artists have been presented with the award more than any other nationality, though it has been presented to musicians or groups from the United Kingdom five times, from Ireland twice, and from France once. Female musicians Tori Amos and Björk hold the record for the most nominations without a win, with five each.

 Each year is linked to the article about the Grammy Awards held that year.




Rock opera

Rock operas, concept albums, song cycles and oratorios all are not the same from a rock album, which usually has songs that are unrelated to each other in storyline. Bands such as Nightwish and Green Day use rock opera in their music.

Grammy Award for Record of the Year

The Record of the Year is one of the four most special Grammy Awards given every year. It has been awarded since 1959.

Ole Gunnar Solskjær

Ole Gunnar Solskjær (born 26 February 1973 in Kristiansund) is a Norwegian former football manager and former player. He was most recently the manager of Premier League club Manchester United. He played most of his career for Manchester United. He also used to play for the Norway national team.

Solskjær played for Molde FK and Clausenlengen before he went to England.

Solskjær joined Manchester United in 1996. He played 366 games for the club and scored 126 goals. In 1999, he scored four goals in twelve minutes against Nottingham Forest, "the fastest scorer of a four-goal haul on record in England".

With Manchester United, Solskjær won the Premier League six times and the FA Cup twice. He scored the winning goal in the 1999 Champions League Final.

He became the coach of the Manchester United Reserve team, and then, In 2011, he got the job as head coach for Molde FK, the club he left to join Manchester United. He was appointed as head coach for Manchester United after José Mourinho was sacked in November 2018.

151||146||||||||||||||151||146
235||91||30||8||11||7||81||20||357||126
286||237||30||8||11||7||81||20||508||272

!Total||67||23

Grammy Award for Best Rock Album

The Grammy Award for Best Rock Album has been awarded since 1995. Below is the list of awards, given for musical works created in the previous year.


Boulevard of Broken Dreams

"Boulevard of Broken Dreams" might mean:




Boulevard of Broken Dreams (Green Day song)

"Boulevard of Broken Dreams" is a song by Green Day. Green Day is an American punk rock band. The song is from their seventh studio album, "American Idiot" (2004). It is the second single from the album. Billie Joe Armstrong wrote the words for the song.

The song is about Jesus of Suburbia (the protagonist of "American Idiot") walking down a road after "Holiday". Many consider "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" to be one of the best songs written by Green Day. It has received many awards, such as the Grammy Award for Record of the Year. It was number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Vallejo, California

Vallejo ( or in English; in the original Spanish) is a city in Solano County, California, United States. It is on the shore of San Pablo Bay.

George Best

George Best (22 May 1946 – 25 November 2005) was a Northern Irish footballer. He played as a winger. Best played most of his club career at Manchester United. Best is said to be one of the best players in the history of the sport. He was named European Footballer of the Year in 1968 and came fifth in the FIFA Player of the Century vote. Best received praise for his playing style. It combined pace, skill, balance, feints, goalscoring and the ability to get past defenders. In Belfast, where Best was born, they named the airport after him.

Both of Best's marriages ended in divorce. He was married to Angie Best from 1978-1986; the couple had a son, Calum Best. George Best was married to Alex Best from 1995-2004.

Best was an alcoholic. He had a liver transplant in 2003. He died of a lung infection and multiple organ failure in London.


John Kiffmeyer

John Kiffmeyer (born July 11, 1969) also known as Al Sobrante is an American drummer. He was the first drummer for the punk rock band Green Day. He has also been the drummer for Isocracy. He got his nickname from the fact he is from El Sobrante (California).

Lookout! Records

Lookout! Records is an independent record label based in Berkeley, California.

Larry Livermore

Larry Livermore (born 1947) is an American musician, record producer, and music journalist. He is best known as the founder of Lookout! Records.

1,000 Hours

1,000 Hours is the first release from American punk rock band Green Day and the first of several releases for the independent record label Lookout! Records.


Young Hercules

Young Hercules is a spin-off from "". It was aired on FOX Kids Network from September 12, 1998 to May 12, 1999. It lasted only one season with 50 episodes, and starred Ryan Gosling, replacing Ian Bohen from the pilot movie as the title character. Ian Bohen was offered the part, but opted not to spend an entire year in New Zealand where the series would shoot principal photography.

The show features the efforts of Ares, the god of war, played by Kevin Smith, who attempts often to destroy his younger half-brother to win over Zeus' good graces. Among his group is his nephew Strife (Joel Tobeck), who is the rather weaker member of the team. Strife's partner is Discord, goddess of retribution (Meighan Desmond), who acts more level-headed and power hungry than her counterpart on more than one occasion.

The storyline follows Hercules (Ryan Gosling) as he attends Cheiron's Academy to train in the arts of the warrior under the wise headmaster Chiron the Centaur (Nathaniel Lees). He makes friends with the future king of Corinth, the prince Jason (Chris Conrad) and a thieving former member of a bandit group Iolaus (Dean O'Gorman) who was sentenced to the training academy as an alternative to prison for his crimes. Hercules also meets the academy's first female cadet, Lilith (Jodie Rimmer). Other characters of interest include Kora, the Inn Keeper, who unknown to Hercules and his friends, is a devotee of Artemis, Goddess of the Hunt. As the series develops, Kora is revealed to have special powers which allow her to do Artemis' bidding. There are hints of romance between Hercules and Kora, although their friendship keeps it all innocent.

The overall plot of the show is to fill in any of the gaps that may exist between the version of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" and the episodes that transpire from his young adult life, although very loosely due to its continuity errors by neglecting the "Young Hercules" movie and the flashback episodes of the fourth season of "Hercules".


Sweet Baby

Sweet Baby (also known as Sweetbabyjesus) was a pop punk group. They formed in Berkeley, California, and was part of the 924 Gilman Street scene. They were signed to Ruby Records. 

East Bay

The East Bay is a subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area, California, United States.

East Bay's largest employers are:


Liberation theology

Liberation theology is a movement within the theology of Christianity. It is particularly active in the Roman Catholic Church. The Jesuits are one of the orders who also follow it. Liberation Theology aims to help the poor people in the world. Often, its ideas are strongly coupled and influenced by those of Socialism and Marxism.

Promotion and relegation

Promotion and relegation are terms used in many sports. 

Being promoted means moving up a league to one of a higher status. This usually happens when a team wins their league. Relegation normally happens to the team(s) at the bottom of the league at the end of the competition. They are moved down a league to one of a lower status.

For example:

Scottish Cup

The Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup (usually known as the Scottish Cup) is the national football cup competition of Scotland. The trophy is the oldest football national trophy in the world.

The Scottish Cup started in the 1873-74 season, and 16 teams played to try to win it. The trophy was first won by Queen's Park when they beat Clydesdale 2–0 in the final in front of a crowd of 3,000 people. While the FA Cup is the oldest cup competition in the world, the trophy awarded to the Scottish Cup winners is the oldest trophy, being minted in 1885.

Setanta Sports

Setanta Sports () is an Irish sports broadcaster, operating 12 channels in 24 countries. Setanta Sports was formed in 1990.

Setanta covers various sports including golf, rugby and football.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 2

This is a list of the results from the second cycle of the reality television series "America's Next Top Model".


Crissiumal

Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It has a population of 14,726 people (2007 – IBGE). It has a river border with Argentina along the Uruguay River. 

In sports, Crissiumal is known as "The land of goalkeepers". This is because it was the home of several goalkeepers. The most known of them is Taffarel, who played in the Brazilian Soccer Team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup, in Italy.

The economy of Crissiumal is based on small rural properties. Crissiumal is one of the greatest Brazilian milk producers. It has a daily production of about 70,000 liters of milk.

Emmaus

Emmaus is a place in named in the Bible, where Jesus had supper with two followers. These two people met Jesus after his Resurrection. The two disciples walked together on the road. Jesus started walking together with them. But they never recognized Jesus. They started to tell him what happened in Jerusalem, when Jesus was crucified. Jesus continued walking with them until they got to a village called Emmaus. They started eating supper. The two disciples still did not recognize Jesus. But when Jesus blessed the food amnd broke the bread they recognized him. When they did recognize him, he vanished.

The event is described according to the Gospel of Luke (Luke 24:13-16...28-31):
That very day two of them were going to a village (one hundred and) sixty stadia away from Jerusalem called Emmaus, and they were speaking about all the things that had occurred. And it happened that while they were speaking and debating, Jesus himself drew near and walked with them, but their eyes were prevented from recognizing him … As they approached the village to which they were going, he gave the impression that he was going on farther. But they urged him, ‘Stay with us, for it is nearly evening and the day is declining.’ So he went in to stay with them. And it happened that, while he was with them at table, he took bread, said the blessing, broke it, and gave it to them. With that their eyes were opened and they recognized him.

According to a very ancient Christian tradition, Emmaus is today's Arab village of Amwas, which lies 160 stadia (30 km, 19 miles) to the West of Jerusalem. It can take 6 to 7 hours to come from Jerusalem to Emmaus on foot, if one walks across the mountains of Judea. The place was called Nicopolis during the 3d-7th centuries AD. During Byzantine times, two big Basilicas (churches) where built here with beautiful mosaics and a baptistry (a place for baptism).
Many manuscripts of the Gospel of Luke have a shorter distance between Jerusalem and Emmaus: 60 stadia (12 km, 7 miles). It is this distance which is found in modern printed Bibles. During the Crusader and Renaissance times many Christians, traveling to the Holy Land, were looking for Emmaus at the distance of 7 miles from Jerusalem. That's why several villages which lie 12 km away from Jerusalem were thought to be Emmaus. Even today one can find three Emmaus in the Holy Land: Emmaus Nicopolis, Qubeibe and Abu-Gosh!



Alexander III of Scotland

Alexander III (Mediaeval Gaelic: "Alaxandair mac Alaxandair"; Modern Gaelic: "Alasdair mac Alasdair"), King of Scots, was born at Roxburgh on 4 September 1241 and died on 19 March, 1286. 

He was the only son of Alexander II with his second wife, Marie de Coucy. Alexander's father died on 6 July 1249 and he officially became king at the age of eight. This happened at Scone on 13 July, 1249.

Gras

Gras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Suceava County

Suceava () is a county (judeţ) of Romania in the historical regions Moldavia and Bukovina. The capital of Suceava County is Suceava.
Suceava County has an area of 8,553 km².

The west side of the county has many mountains from the Eastern Carpathians group. These are the "Rodna Mountains", the "Rarău Mountains", the "Giumalău Mountains" and the three "Obcine". The county is lower in the east, with the lowest point in the Siret River valley.

The county contains the Siret River and some of its tributaries. This means that they run into the Siret River. These tributaries are the Moldova River, the Suceava River and the Bistriţa River.


Suceava County has 5 municipalities, 11 towns and 98 communes.




In 2002, it had a population of 688,435. The population density was 80.5/km².

These are the nationalities of the people who live in Suceava County.

This is how the population of Suceava County has changed over the last 60 years.

The predominant industries in the county are:

There are also metals that are mined in the mountains.

Labastide-de-Virac

Labastide-de-Virac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Labastide-sur-Bésorgues

Labastide-sur-Bésorgues is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Greek numerals

Greek numerals are a system of representing numbers using letters of the Greek alphabet. They are also known by the names "Milesian numerals", "Alexandrian numerals", or "alphabetic numerals". In modern Greece, they are still in use for ordinal numbers, and in much of the same way that Roman numerals are in the West; for ordinary (cardinal) numbers, Arabic numerals are used.

