At first, before it was used more, the Greek alphabet, Linear A and Linear B had used a different system with symbols for 1, 10, 100, 1000 and 10000 operating with the following formula: | = 1, – = 10, ◦ = 100, ¤ = 1000, ☼ = 10000.

The earliest alphabet-related system of numerals used with the Greek letters was a set of the acrophonic Attic numerals, operating much like Roman numerals (which derived from this scheme), with the following formula: Ι = 1, Γ = 5, Δ = 10, ΓΔ = 50, Η = 100, ΓΗ = 500, Χ = 1000, ΓΧ = 5000, Μ = 10000 and ΓΜ = 50000.

The acrophonic system was replaced by a new alphabetic system, sometimes called the Ionic numeral system, from the 4th century BC. Each unit (1, 2, …, 9) was assigned a separate letter, each tens (10, 20, …, 90) a separate letter, and each hundreds (100, 200, …, 900) a separate letter. This requires 27 letters, so the 24-letter Greek alphabet was extended by using three obsolete letters: fau ϝ, (also used are sigma ϛ or, in modern Greek, ΣΤ) for 6, koppa ϟ for 90, and sampi ϡ for 900. To distinguish numerals from letters they are followed by the "keraia" (Greek "—insect antenna"), a symbol similar to an acute sign (Unicode U+0374).

Fau (also spelled vau, pronounced wow) may also be called digamma. The two are the same in meaning, and either symbol may be used to represent the number 6. 

This alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to form the total. For example, 241 is represented as ΣΜΑʹ (200 + 40 + 1).

To represent numbers from 1,000 to 999,999 the same letters are reused to serve as thousands, tens of thousands, and hundreds of thousands. A "left keraia" (Unicode U+0375, ‘Greek Lower Numeral Sign’) is put in front of thousands to distinguish.
The Greeks also used the to denote 10,000 (Μʹ) and the myriad myriad for one hundred million (ΜΜʹ).


Harlan Ellison

Harlan Jay Ellison (May 27, 1934 – June 27, 2018) was an award-winning American writer of short stories, novellas, teleplays, essays, and criticism. His most famous work is in the science fiction area, where he won many Hugo and Nebula awards.

Ellison died from cardiac arrest on June 27, 2018 at his Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles home, aged 84.


Hebrew numerals

The system of Hebrew numerals is a quasi-decimal alphabetic numeral system using the letters of the Hebrew alphabet.

In this system, zero does not have a place, and the number values for each letter are added together. Each unit (1, 2, ..., 9) is assigned a separate letter, each tens (10, 20, ..., 90) a separate letter, and each hundreds (100, 200, ..., 900) a separate letter.

Hebrew has masculine and feminine ways of saying the words. For just counting, feminine is used. Otherwise, the gender is used (ex. two boys, two girls).

George R. R. Martin

George Raymond Richard Martin (born George Raymond Martin; September 20, 1948), often called GRRM, is an American writer of fantasy, horror, and science fiction. He is best known for his "A Song of Ice and Fire" series. HBO made the series into a TV series called "Game of Thrones".


Dying of the Light

Dying of the Light is a 1977 science fiction book that was written by George R. R. Martin. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1978, and was published by Simon & Schuster

Windhaven

Windhaven is a science-fiction and fantasy book that was written by George R.R. Martin and Lisa Tuttle. The book is about events that take place in a fictional space colony called Windhaven. The novel is a collection of short stories. Simon & Schuster collected the stories and published them for the first time in 1981. Bantam Spectra published it again in hardcover in 2001 and in mass market paperback in 2003.

Fevre Dream

Fevre Dream is a book written by George R. R. Martin in 1982. The book was first published in the US by Poseidon Press in 1982. It was notably reprinted by Orion Books in 2001 as volume 13 of their Fantasy Masterworks series.

ChatZilla

ChatZilla is an IRC client made by Mozilla that is free of charge. It is programmed in JavaScript and XUL. Its first public release date was in 2001. The latest stable version (0.9.86) was made in 2009. It is licensed under MPL, GPL, and LGPL.



A Song of Ice and Fire

A Song of Ice and Fire is an award-winning series of fantasy novels written by George R. R. Martin. He began writing the series in 1991. Five books were released in the series and two were unfinished. It was translated into over twenty languages and is a best-seller, with the fourth volume reaching the top of the "New York Times" bestseller lists when it came out. A fictional language, "Dothraki", was introduced for the series. It was adapted into the Home Box Office television series "Game of Thrones".


Great Bernera

(Great) Bernera (Gaelic: Bearnaraigh (Mòr)) is an island in the Outer Hebrides in Scotland. 

Hercules and the Amazon Women

Hercules and the Amazon Women is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Michael Hurst. This movie is loosely based on the labor of Hercules to get the Golden Girdle. Here instead of getting the Golden Girdle, he faces the Amazon women who are plaguing the men in their area. Hippolyte like in the Marvel comics and mythology falls in love with Hercules. But unlike in the myth, Hippolyte befriends Hercules.

Three men are walking through the woods, they hear strange noises and catch glimpses of something moving in the undergrowth. Suddenly they are attacked by unseen creatures. Two men are killed, but one escapes and flees the woods.

Hercules strolls into a village after returning from one of his adventures, and is greeted by Iolaus. It is established that Iolaus is getting married and that Hercules is the best man. The two men set off for Alcmene's house. While walking through the woods, they reminisce that it has been a long time since they last saw each other. Iolaus tells Hercules about his bride-to-be, Ania. They stumble upon a little girl crying alone near an altar. She tells them that a monster killed her father while they were placing an offering to the goddess. Hercules tries to comfort the girl and asks if he can help, but the girl transforms into a monster. Hercules chops off its head, thinking it is now dead, Hercules and Iolaus begin walking away. They hear a noise and turn around to see that the monster is not dead, but has now grown two new heads in the place where the previous one was. The monster is a Hydra. Hercules tells Iolaus to grab the torch from the altar, Hercules cuts off the heads and burns the Hydra, preventing it from growing new heads, thus killing it. After the Hydra is destroyed a peacock feather remains in its place, Hercules tells Iolaus that Hera is responsible for the Hydra.

Hercules and Iolaus finally reach his mother's house, after a short chat with Alcmene, Iolaus invites them both for dinner, then leaves. Later on that evening while the four are enjoying dinner, Ania glimpses a man outside the window and Hercules goes to investigate. It is Pithus, the man who escaped the creatures at the beginning of the film. He explains to Hercules about his village being attacked by the creatures and Hercules agrees to help. Iolaus persuades Hercules to let him go along for one last adventure before he is married, Hercules reluctantly relents and says that he can come along. The three men set off for the village. When they arrive Hercules asks where all the women are, Pithus tells him that they were stolen by the creatures in the forest. Hercules and Iolaus head off to find the beast and rescue the village's women. In the forest they are ambushed by the beasts, they manage to stave off the attack for a time, but Iolaus discovers that the beasts are really women. After he chases after one he is fatally injured in the fight and Hercules is captured and taken to the City of Amazons.

Hercules is then seen being taken captive by the women. He has been stripped of his shirt and chained to a wooden sled assembled by the women that is attached to a horses saddle and being pulled along. The women have also cleave gagged his mouth with a black leather strap. He is surrounded by women on each side of him and led into a village full of women. He is starred at by many of the women. A few laugh and taunt him. You can hear one of the women saying "keep him bound" and another saying "Men should be seen and not heard" in reference to him being gagged. In vein Hercules muffles angry speech through the gag. Women continue to laugh at him. In the village, some women are being trained in combat and others are doing chores. When he arrives at the end of the village, the leader of the Amazon army (Lysia) helps to release him from the sled. She tells Hercules "If you're looking for men, you won't find any. Not in the city of amazons. You're the only one and I don't think you'll last very long."

Hercules is taken by the women to the Queen, Hippolyta. She removes the gag from his mouth. She tells him that she knows he is here to defeat them and that Hercules has been beaten by women. Hercules tells her she is wrong. Using a magic candle, the Hippolyta turns Hercules into a baby telling him she will show him what he is really like. As Hercules reverts to infant form we are shown flashbacks to Hercules's youth and times when he has been told by people how to behave toward women. Later he returns to adult state, realising that Hippolyta is right and that his attitude toward women is wrong, he tells her that he can change. She says that he cannot change and that all men are the same. Hippolyta goes to consult with Hera, she tells Hippolyta to lead an attack on the village

Hercules escapes from the Amazons and warns the men of the village of the forthcoming attack. He prepares them for when the women arrive. The women ride into the village and order the men to remove their clothes, telling them they are here for only one thing. The men tell the women to sit and talk with them for a while. Pithus's wife enters her home, and her son Franco asks if she really is his mother. He tells her he often dreams about her but she has no face, she removes her mask and shows her face to Franco. Hercules stands up to Hippolyta, who says she's not afraid of Hercules. He kisses her, she tells him she's not afraid and kisses him back. The two make love. The following day the women are still with the men. The Amazons return to their city and both men and women reminisce about the night before. Hera tells Hippolyta that Hercules has tricked her and to attack the village again, this time killing all the men and boys. Hippolyta refuses but Hera possesses her. Hera, now in control of Hippolyta's action orders the women to attack the village.

Hercules stops Hippolyta and realises that she is possessed by Hera. She rides off and Hercules goes after her. As they fight Hercules tries to get through to Hippolyta, telling her that she is stronger than Hera. Hercules best her and is about to deal the fatal blow, but cannot because it is Hippolyta's body and not really Hera. Hercules leaves and Hera follows him, goading him. He tells Hera that if he or Hippolyta have to die then he will give up his life for her, saying he could not live his life without her. Upon hearing this Hera runs Hippolyta's body over the edge of a waterfall, killing her.

Hercules returns to the City of Amazons, and retrieves the candle Hippolyta used to send him back to his childhood. Zeus appears and tells him the candle does not work in the way Hercules wants it to. Hercules replies that Zeus could make it work that way. Zeus tells Hercules that if he did that he would be in big trouble with Hera, but Hercules persuades him anyway. Zeus blows out the candle and Hercules is taken back to the night of the dinner. Ania see Pithus outside the window and Hercules goes to tell him that the village does not need the help of Hercules. He explains that all the men need to do is treat the women with respect and things will sort themselves out. Pithus returns to the village and when the women come the men sort out the problems that have been occurring. Alcmene asks Hercules if there is a woman out there who will make him happy like Ania did for Iolaus, Hercules replies that he is sure there is.





Hercules and the Lost Kingdom

Hercules and the Lost Kingdom is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Renee O'Connor. Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of Troy. Eventually, Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city, which has been taken over by Hera's Blue Monks. Hercules helps the refugees take back the city.

Three men are running along a riverside. One of them stops to take a drink from the river. As he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure made of water rises out of the river and pulls him under, drowning him. The other two men run on. While running, one man is hit by a boulder and killed. The remaining man escapes. Elsewhere a young woman is collecting water, when the ground begins to shake. She flees back to her village to warn them that a giant is coming. The giant follows the woman to the village and rips the roof of the tavern. Hercules presents himself to the giant. The giant challenges Hercules to a fight. Hercules goes outside and beats the giant. As the village celebrates the defeat the man from earlier arrives in the village. He asks for Hercules' help. He explains to Hercules that his people have been driven from their city, the lost city of Troy.

Zeus appears and Hercules asks him if he will help him. He asks his father how to find Troy and he says that Hera made it vanish. To find it, Hercules must find the one true compass which will point the way to Troy. Hercules heads off to find the compass. He finds a tribe of men preparing to sacrifice a young virgin to their water god. Hercules saves her from being sacrificed, while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure. The woman tells Hercules that her name is Deianeira. Later in the evening as they camp for the night, Deianeira tells her a story that she is the daughter of a king. She sees the dark figure and asks who he is and why she is being followed, but the figure does not answer. Later Hercules and Deianeira arrive at the slave market looking for Queen Omphale, the last person to have possessed the compass. In order to get to see the queen, Hercules sells himself as a slave, and the queen buys him. After spending the night with the queen, Hercules gets the compass and he and Deianeira continue searching for Troy. Deianeira gets attacked by some men but the figure in the dark robe saves her and tells her to follow her destiny.

Hercules and Deianeira go to Troy. They arrive at the ocean and the figure standing on the cliffs summons a sea serpent to do Hera's bidding. It swallows Hercules and Deianeira. Hercules kills the monster from inside and they are washed up on the shore. Deianeira sees Troy in the distance and tells Hercules that she now remembers and this is where she is from. Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king. The king is ill. He and his daughter are reunited. He tells her that the Cult of the Blue Priests have taken over the city and the people have taken refuge in the woods. He tells Deianeira to rule them well, and then dies.

Hercules tutors the people of Troy and prepares them to battle to take back Troy. Deianeira realises that the people can not beat the Cult of the Blue Priests and goes looking for the Blue Priest. The people notice that Deianeira is missing and Hercules and the people use an underground tunnel to get into the city. As the people fight the cult members Hercules goes looking for Deianeira. He finds her about to be sacrificed to Hera and saves her. The Blue Priest and Hercules fight and Hercules cuts off the priest's head. A huge storm approaches, and Zeus tells Hercules that Hera is coming for Deianeira. Hercules saves her and Hera takes Hercules instead. As Deianeira is crowned Queen of Troy we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky. A man approaches him asking him for help. Hercules agrees and the two men walk off to the next adventure.




Treasure Island

Treasure Island is a book by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1883. It is about pirates (finding gold) and a treasure hunt on a tropical isle. Famous characters include Jim Hawkins, Long John Silver, and Ben Gunn. The book has been adapted to movies, comic books, and other media.

The story has been made into many movies. The story in the movie is often different to the story in the book.



Hercules and the Circle of Fire

Hercules and the Circle of Fire is a made for television movie. It was the third of five pre-series movies, so it may be considered part of the TV series "". When all the earth's fire begins to go out, Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from cold.

Hercules is walking through a snowy mountain top where he finds a woman in the cold, and goes to help her. He sees Zeus in a cave and a rock closes over the entrance. Hercules turns around and the woman calls out to him and freezes and explodes. Hercules wakes from a dream. He turns over and goes back to sleep. As he sleeps his camp-fire goes out. Next day Hercules and young man are walking through a cave with dead bodies strewn all over. The man tells Hercules that they are all men from his village and that the witch who guards the Fountain of Youth killed them for their youth and strength.

Later Hercules arrives at Chiron's house. Hercules gives him the water and he drinks it. The wound heals, but after a few seconds the wound worsens. Hercules tells him he will find a cure for his wound. Meanwhile, all over the village fires are being inexplicably extinguished. Hercules and Chiron are talking by the fire side and the fire goes out. Hercules realizes that something is amiss.

Zeus replies that he does, but he loves Hercules more. Hercules tells Zeus he loves him too. Zeus accepts what Hercules must do, and lets him go. Hercules goes through the fire and retrieves the Torch. He throws it and it lands in Prometheus's home, waking him. Fire begins to return. As Hercules lays dying in the circle, Zeus begs Hera not to harm Hercules or he will haunt her for eternity. Hercules takes the torch to Chiron's house and asks him to step inside a circle of straw. Chiron stands in the centre of the circle and Hercules lights the straw with the torch. Chiron drops to his knees and cries out. As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed. The flames had burned away his immortality and healed the wound.





Eyes Wide Shut

Eyes Wide Shut is a 1999 drama movie directed by Stanley Kubrick. It stars Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise and is set in New York City. The movie was filmed at Mentmore Towers. 

Edna Parker

Edna Ruth Scott Parker (April 20, 1893 – November 26, 2008) was an American woman who was the oldest living documented person from the death of Yone Minagawa on August 13, 2007 until November 26, 2008.

Parker was born on a farm in Morgan County, Indiana. She got a teaching certificate at Franklin College, and was a teacher for a few years until she married Earl Parker, who was her next door neighbor. He died on February 23, 1939. They had two sons, Clifford and Earl Jr., both of whom died before her.

After Earl's death, Parker lived by herself on a farm on Blueridge Road. She stayed there until she was 100, when she moved in to live with one of her sons. On a winter night, she was alone while her son and his wife went to a basketball game. When they came back, they found her in the back yard, in poor health, in the snow, and could only be seen as she had been wearing a red sweater that she liked a lot. Her family feared that she would die, but her health got much better. After that, the family thought that she needed to move to a nursing home.

Parker lived at Heritage House Convalescent Center, a retirement home in Shelbyville, Indiana. She remained in good health and was still able to walk. In April 2007, at age 114, she met with 113-year-old Bertha Fry, who was at the time the second-oldest person living in Indiana and the fifth-oldest living person. This set the highest total age for a meeting of two people.

Parker reached the age of 115 on April 20, 2008. There were two birthday parties held, the first of which was public, and the second private. The public one was celebrated on April 18, 2008, and the private on April 20. At both parties, one hundred fifteen balloons of many colors floated in the air, because she liked to see balloons in the air. This was Parker's final year, as she lived until November 26 of that year at age 115 years, 220 days.



Treasure Island (disambiguation)

Treasure Island is an adventure novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.

Treasure Island may also mean:




39/Smooth

39/Smooth was released as the first album by Green Day in 1990 on Lookout! Records on vinyl and cassette.

All songs by Green Day




Slappy

Slappy is the second EP by Green Day, and was released on Lookout! Records in the summer of 1990 on seven-inch vinyl

All tracks by Green Day, except where noted.




Savate

Savate, also known as "boxe française" (French boxing) or French kickboxing, is a French martial art - a kind of "boxe pieds-poings" - which uses the hands and the feet as weapons and includes elements of Western boxing, techniques of grappling and techniques of leg (only with the feet: neither knee, nor shin). The persons who perform savate are called "savateurs" or ""tireurs"" in case of the men, and "savateuses" in case of the women.

Savate carry its name from the French word for "oldest shoe" (heavy shoes that were used to use during the combats) and is now a combination of the French techniques of fighting from beginning of the 19th century. In that age, savate was a kind of fighting which was common in Paris and in the North of France. In the South, especially in the port of Marseilles, the seamen had developed an other style known as "jeu marseillais" ("the game of Marseilles"), with a new name "chausson" ("slipper", that was the shoes that the seamen used). In England (the place of birth of boxing and the rules of Queensberry), people treated kicking as not fair in sport.

The two persons who have been recorded in the history of changing of street combat into modern savate are Michel Casseux (also known as "le Pisseux") (1794-1869), and Charles Lecour (1808-1894). Casseux opened in 1825 the first building in order to perform and to help in the development of a version of "chausson" and savate with rules (refusing to allow the strikes with the head, attacks with the fingers to the eyes, etc.). A student of Casseux, Charles Lecour had been exposed to the English art of boxing in the year 1830 and he had felt himself a misfit, because he used his hands in order to hit the feet of the opponent and to drive them away in this way, instead of punching as in boxing. By that reason he trained himself in boxing during two years and in 1832 he combined boxing with "chausson" and savate in order to create the sport of "savate boxe française" as we know it today.

In 1924 Savate was included in the Olympic Games of Paris. Savate is a sport relatively safe in order to learn. According to USA Savate savate has less injuries than soccer, football, hockey, gymnastics, basketball, baseball and speed skating.

Many lands have national federations very interested for helping in the development of this sport.

The modern savate gives three levels of competition: "assault", "precombat" and "combat". In assault, the competitors need to be concentrated on the technique during they are trying make contact; referees punish with penalties the usage of excessive force. Precombat permits fighting when the fighters wear helmets and shin protectors. Combat, the level more intensified, is similar to the precombat but protection is not allowed (except genital protectors and the protectors of the teeth).

Many martial arts have systems of judgment of level of the persons who perform them, like the colour of belts in karate. Savate uses different colours in the gloves in order to show the level of a fighter; although unlike judo or the capoeira, where the fighters obtain new belts in each promotion, every fighter can use the same pair of gloves in several promotions ( the level does not correspond with the colour of the gloves that are used but with that is established in the licence). The beginners begin without colour and the different exams of promotion permit them to be promoted to blue, green, red, white and yellow in that order. The competition is restricted to the red gloves and higher. In France, it is necessary to have the yellow glove in order to being able to gain the degree of instructor and the silver glove in his technical category in order to obtain the title of teacher. In Mexico, all technical degrees from the green require an evaluation on subjects of helping in teaching in order to being able to increase the development of that art.



Sweet Children (EP)

Sweet Children is the third EP released by punk rock band Green Day.

All songs by Green Day, except where noted.

Side A

Side B



1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours

1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours is a collection of early recordings by American punk rock band, Green Day.

All songs by Billie Joe Armstrong (lyrics) and Green Day (music), except where noted.


Juan Diego Flórez

Juan Diego Flórez (born January 13, 1973 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian operatic tenor. He is famous for the roles he sings in bel canto operas.

Juan Diego Flórez was born in Lima, Peru on January 13, 1973. His father, Rubén Flórez, was a guitarist and singer of Peruvian popular music. His mother worked in a pub where music was performed live. When a musician was ill Juan would sing instead. It was good experience for him.

He entered the Conservatorio Nacional de Música in Lima at the age of 17. He was intending to have a career in popular music. His teacher Andrés Santa María found that he had a superb voice for classical music. He became a member of the Coro Nacional of Peru and sang as a soloist in Mozart's "Coronation Mass" and Rossini's "Petite Messe Solennelle".

He was given a scholarship to the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia where he studied from 1993 to 1996 and began singing in student opera productions. He sang roles in operas by Rossini, Bellini and Donizetti. During this period, he also studied with Marilyn Horne at the Music Academy of the West in Santa Barbara. In 1994 the Peruvian tenor, Ernesto Palacio invited him to Italy to work on a recording of Vicente Martín y Soler's opera "Il Tutore Burlato". Palacio became Flórez's teacher and helped him an enormous amount in his career.

Flórez's first big breakthrough came in 1996, at the Rossini Festival in the Italian city of Pesaro, Rossini's birthplace. At the age of 23, he was asked to sing the leading tenor role in "Matilde di Shabran" when Bruce Ford became ill. He first sang at La Scala in the same year as the Chevalier danois in Gluck's "Armide". His Covent Garden debut followed in 1997 where he sang the role of Count Potoski in the world premiere of Donizetti's "Elisabetta". Debuts followed at the Vienna Staatsoper in 1999 as Count Almaviva in "Il barbiere di Siviglia" and at the New York Metropolitan Opera in 2002, again as Count Almaviva. On February 20 2007, the opening night of Donizetti's "La Fille du régiment" at La Scala, Flórez broke the theater's 74-year-old tradition of not having any encores when he repeated the aria "Ah! mes amis" with its nine high C's after the audience gave him an enormous ovation.

Flórez sing in concerts in Europe, North America, and South America. Amongst the many places in which he has given concerts and recitals are the Wigmore Hall in London, the Théâtre des Champs-Elysées in Paris, Lincoln Center and Carnegie Hall in New York, the Palau de la Música in Barcelona, the Teatro Segura in Lima, and the Mozarteum in Salzburg. As a change from the usual music he sings, he sang "You'll Never Walk Alone" from the Broadway musical "Carousel" at the Berlin Live 8 concert in 2005.

He was signed by Decca in 2001 and since then made 5 CDs for them. Nearly all his operatic roles have been broadcast on radio or television.

Flórez was married to German-born Julia Trappe in a private civil ceremony on April 23, 2007 in Vienna. They held a religious ceremony at the Basilica Cathedral in Lima on April 5, 2008. Some of Peru's most famous people went, including President Alan García and author Mario Vargas-Llosa.

Juan Diego Flórez has won many awards and distinction, including Peru's highest honour: the "Gran Cruz de la Orden del Sol del Perú". He has even appeared on a Peruvian stamp.


The Lookouts

The Lookouts were an American punk rock band from 1985 to 1990. The members were Lawrence Livermore (more commonly known as Larry Livermore) on guitar and vocals, Kain Kong on bass and vocals and Tré Cool on drums and vocals. The band is most famous for being Tré Cool's first band before joining Green Day.


Kerplunk (album)

Kerplunk (also known as Kerplunk!) is the second full-length album by punk rock band Green Day. It was released on January 17, 1992 by Lookout! Records.



Cerium

Cerium is a chemical element with an atomic number of 58. This means that the nucleus of cerium has 58 protons in it. The atomic mass of cerium is 140.12. The chemical symbol of cerium is Ce and it is a member of the lanthanide group.

Cerium is a grey, shiny or lustrous metal. At room temperature cerium is a solid. It melts and becomes a liquid at 798C and boils and becomes a gas at 3424C. It burns in air to form a compound with one cerium atom and two oxygen atoms. 0.0046% of the Earth's crust is cerium which means that it is quite common - more common than Tin and Lead and nearly as common as zinc

Cerium was first found in Sweden in 1803 by Berzelius and Hisinger and Klaproth in Germany. Because it is very reactive, it was not purified until 1875 in Washington DC. Cerium was named after the asteroid or minor planet Ceres which was first seen two years earlier in 1801.

Cerium is not often used as a metal since it quickly reacts with the air and tarnishes. Its most common use is as the 'flint' in a lighter, because it easily produces a spark when it is struck with another metal. Cerium is sometimes used in alloys because it often makes the alloy more heat resistant. Cerium is also used in special glass, ceramics and self-cleaning ovens.

Cerium reacts in two ways to produce cerous compounds or salts and ceric compounds. Cerous salts have an oxidation number of 3 and ceric salts have an oxidation of 4.

Cerium has many isotopes. Four of them are (observationally) stable, and are found in nature instead of having to be made, 
Cerium-140 (88.5% of all cerium) and Ce-142 (11.1%) are the most common. The average of the weights of each isotope is what give cerium its atomic mass of 140.12.


Hallux

The hallux, also called the big toe, is the toe innermost (closest to the middle of the body) of the foot. It is usually the biggest toe in the body. 

In humans, the hallux is longer than the toes next to it; this is inherited. Humans are unusual amongst hominids in walking upright, and their feet are adapted to their locomotion.

In other animals the foot is organised differently. Mammals usually move on four legs with paws. In some birds, the hallux is pointed backwards: it helps to grip. 

Dutch

Dutch can mean:


The Wachowskis

Lana Wachowski (born June 21, 1965, birth name Laurence Wachowski) and Lilly Wachowski (born December 29, 1967, birth name Andrew Paul Wachowski), known together professionally as The Wachowskis, currently as The Wachowski Sisters (since 2016), and formerly as The Wachowski Brothers (before 2010), are Polish American movie directors, writers and transgender women, most famous for creating "The Matrix" series. Their other projects include live-action adaptation of "Speed Racer", Jupiter Ascending and the Netflix television series Sense-8.

Lana Wachowski had a sex change operation in 2008 and changed her name from Larry Wachowski. Lilly changed her name from Andy Wachowski in 2016.



V for Vendetta

V for Vendetta is a ten-issue graphic comic book series from DC Comics and Vertigo, written by Alan Moore and illustrated mostly by David Lloyd. It is set in a dystopian future United Kingdom imagined from the 1980s about the 1990s, which has become a totalitarian fascist dictatorship. The protagonist and title character, known simply as "V", is an anarchist who intends to lead a revolution and bring down the fascist state. It was published from 1982 to 1988. 

In 2005, it was made into a movie with the same name. Unlike in the comic book, the movie takes place in 2020. There are also a few differences from the comic book.


Mozilla Foundation

The Mozilla Foundation is a non-profit organization that was created to support and give leadership for the open source Mozilla project. The organization sets the policies that govern development, operate important things that keep Mozilla working and controls trademarks and other intellectual property. It owns a taxable for-profit subsidiary, the Mozilla Corporation, which employs several Mozilla developers and sets releases of the Mozilla Firefox. The Mozilla Foundation is based in Mountain View, California, USA.

The Mozilla Foundation describes itself as ""a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet"". Mozilla Japan and Mozilla China are non-profit organizations whose mission is to help promote and deploy Mozilla products and projects. 

On February 23, 1998, Netscape created the Mozilla Organization to help the development of the Mozilla Application Suite. It made-up of mostly Netscape employees but was not part of Netscape. 

When America Online (AOL) (Netscape's owner) stopped its involvement with the Mozilla Organization, the Mozilla Foundation was created on July 15, 2003 to make sure Mozilla could survive without Netscape. AOL helped during the start of the creation of the Mozilla Foundation, moving hardware and intellectual property to the organization and employing a three-person team for the first three months to help with the move. AOL promised to donate $2 million to the foundation over two years.

The Mozilla Foundation Board of Directors has six members: 


Originally Christopher Blizzard had a seat on the board but he moved to the Mozilla Corporation Board of Directors when it was established; Joichi Ito joined the Mozilla Foundation board at that time. Bob Lisbonne and Carl Malamud were elected to the board in October 2006.

The foundation also has a number of paid staff members, who focus on project and policy issues:


The Mozilla Corporation also has a number of employees, many of whom worked for the foundation before the establishment of the corporation.

The Mozilla project has traditionally been overseen by a committee known as mozilla.org staff; the individuals on that committee later became foundation or corporation board members or staff members.



1812 Overture

The 1812 Overture (French: "Ouverture solennelle "L'Année 1812""; Russian: "Торжественная увертюра 1812 года", "Toržestvennaja uvertjura 1812 goda") (Op. 49) is an orchestral work by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. It commemorates Russia's 1812 defense against Napoleon's advancing Grande Armée at the Battle of Borodino, during the French invasion of Russia.

The Overture's first public performance occurred on 20 August 1882 (NS; the OS date was 8 August). The venue was the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour in Moscow. The overture is best known for its climactic volley of cannon fire and ringing chimes.

The 1812 Overture is written for an orchestra which uses following music instruments:







Sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture. The Overture begins with the plaintive Russian Orthodox "Troparion of the Holy Cross" ("God Preserve Thy People") played by eight cellos and four violas. The piece moves through a mixture of pastoral and militant themes. The Overture includes the Russian folk dance "At the Gate, at my Gate." At the turning point of the invasion – the Battle of Borodino – the score calls for five Russian cannon shots. A descending string passage represents the following retreat of the French forces, followed by victory bells and a triumphant repetition of "God Preserve Thy People" as Moscow burns to deny winter quarters to the French. A musical chase scene appears. Out of it, the anthem "God Save the Tsar!" appears. The overture uses counterpoint to reinforce the appearance of the leitmotif that represents the Russian forces throughout the song.

Although God Save The Tsar! was the Russian National Anthem in Tchaikovsky's time, it was not the anthem in 1812. There was no official Russian anthem until 1815.

There are several recordings of the overture in a transcription by American conductor Igor Buketoff, with the following changes and additions:

Antal Doráti's 1954 Mercury Records recording with the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra, partially recorded at West Point and using the Yale Memorial Carillon in New Haven, Connecticut, uses a Napoleonic French single muzzleloading cannon shot on December 4, 1954 dubbed in 16 times as written. On the first edition of the recording, one side played the Overture and the other side played a narrative by Deems Taylor about how the cannon and bell effects were accomplished. (Later editions placed the commentary after the performance on side 1 and the Capriccio Italien on side 2.) A stereophonic album version was recorded on 4 December 1958, using the bells of the L.S. Rockefeller Carillon, at Riverside Church. On this Mercury Living Presence Stereo recording, the spoken commentary was also given by Deems Taylor and the 1812 was coupled with Tchaikovsky's Capriccio Italien.

The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Herbert Von Karajan, and the Don Cossacks Choir recorded the piece in 1967.

In 1971, CBS released a recording with the Philadelphia Orchestra conducted by Eugene Ormandy, also featuring the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, the Valley Forge Military Academy band and real artillery shots. Neeme Järvi's recording with the Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra, Gothenburg Artillery Division, Gothenburg Symphony Brass Band, Churchbells of Gothenburg & Gothenburg Symphony Chorus, was recorded on December 4, 1991, with his Marche Slave, Alexander Borodin’s In the Steppes of Central Asia and Prince Igor: Polovtsian Dances, and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov’s Russian Easter Festival Overture and Capriccio Espagnol. The first digital recording of the 1812 Overture is performed by Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in 1975. The last digital recording is by Erich Kunzel, the Cincinnati Pops, and the Kiev Symphony Chorus in 2001.

In 1990, during a worldwide celebration of the 150th anniversary of Tchaikovsky's birth, the Overture was recorded in the city of his youth by the Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra, also known as the All-Union Radio and Television Symphony and Philharmonic Orchestra, using 16 muzzleloading cannons fired live as written in the 1880 score. In June 2009, the record soon became a most popular complete orchestral record with fireworks at the finale.


Guy Fawkes

Guy Fawkes (13 April 1570 – 31 January 1606), sometimes known as Guido Fawkes, was a member of a Roman Catholic revolutionary group based in England who planned to carry out the Gunpowder Plot. Fawkes and the other plotters planned to kill the king, James I, and replace him with a Catholic monarch. 

The day 5 November 1605 is remembered each year in the UK during Guy Fawkes Night. People build large bonfires, light fireworks, and burn figures of Fawkes (known as 'the guy'). 

November 5 was the date when Parliament re-assembled after a long recess. The plot was uncovered quite late, in the night before the day of the 5th. Fawkes was arrested as he sat in a cellar, near the gunpowder, waiting for the right time to set it off. He was tortured to make him reveal the names of the other plotters. Later eight men, including Fawkes, stood trial for high treason. They were found guilty and executed by hanging in Westminster, London, except for Fawkes, who killed himself by jumping from the scaffold before he was to be hanged. Their remains were sent to the corners of the kingdom and displayed, as a warning to others. There were five other conspirators; the main man, Robert Catesby, was killed by the Sheriff of Worcester when he tried to flee.

There are many places to find Fawkes in popular literature. Here are some important examples, listed in chronological order.


Graphic novel

A graphic novel is a type of comic book usually with a long storyline similar to those of novels. The term also encompasses comic short story anthologies, and in some cases bound collections of previously published comic book series (more commonly referred to as trade paperbacks).

Graphic novels are often bound in a better format than the comic magazines, using the same materials and methods as printed books, and are generally sold in bookstores and specialty comic book shops rather than at newsstands. Graphic novels are popular around the world. The graphic novel traditions are very strong in Japan and the United States. There are many Latino superheroes in American mainstream comics and graphic novels. 

There are many kinds of graphic novels. The most popular types are:




Alan Moore

Alan Moore (born 18 November 1953 in Northampton) is an English writer most famous for his influential work in comics, including the acclaimed graphic novels "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" and "From Hell". 


Islamabad Capital Territory

The Islamabad Capital Territory (, ICT for short) is one of the two federal territories of Pakistan. The territory includes Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan. 

It covers an area of 1165.5 square kilometers; this mean it is greater in area than Faroe Islands but smaller than Mauritius. Of this area, Islamabad city covers an area of 906 sqkm.

Lachapelle-Graillouse

Official names of India

India has 23 official languages. The its constitution lists the name of the country in each of the languages. Hindi and English are the "official languages of the union" (Union meaning the Federal Government located in Delhi); Tamil and Sanskrit are officially the "classical languages of India."

! colspan=2 | Language 
! colspan=2 style="white-space:nowrap;" | Official short name for India 
! colspan=2 | Official full name for The Republic of India 
! colspan=2 | Details 
! colspan=2 | "Republic (of)" 
! Official Name 
! Script Name 
! Indian script 
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration 
! Indian script 
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration or IPA
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration system shown 
! style="white-space:nowrap;font-size:90%;" | Dialect details or script status 
! Indian script 
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration or IPA

The Matrix Revolutions

The Matrix Revolutions is a 2003 movie that was written and directed by the Wachowskis. It is the sequel to "The Matrix Reloaded". It is a prequel to "The Matrix Resurrections".

When Neo wakes up, he finds himself at a train station. He is there because, when he used his power to destroy the sentinels at the end of the second movie, he touched the source and did not come back all the way. He is stuck there. Meanwhile, his girlfriend Trinity, Morpheus, and Seraph enter a club to talk to the Merovingian, who controls a lot of the Matrix. A gun fight ends in a Mexican standoff with guns pointed towards everyone. The Merovingian agrees to let Neo go, and Trinity picks him up.

The city of Zion is preparing for war. They pool all of their resources into a dock area. They use Armored Personnel Units (APU) to fight back. However, there are too many machines, and they soon have to fall back to the temple.

Niobe on her ship attempts to return to Zion by going through an area that only a very skilled pilot can go through. However, Niobe makes a mistake and the machines come after them. During one part of the dock battle, the commander Milfune tries to repel the machines but is overwhelmed. He dies. He tells the Kid to take his APU and to open the dock doors. The Kid does so and the ship comes through, blows its EMP, and saves the dock for now.

Near the end of the movie, Neo wants to take a ship to talk directly to the machines. Niobe turns her ship, the Logos, over to him. Earlier, Bane (who is now Smith) had stabbed a crew member and hid away on the Logos. While on the ship, Bane fights Neo and ends up burn his eyes out. However, Neo has the power and can still see and kills Bane. As Neo and Trinity approach, the machines attack. Trinity flies above the clouds to kill the machines, but it also destroys their engines, and they lose control and crash into the ground and Trinity is viciously killed by being impaled by metal rebar.

Neo walks up to the head of the machines, whose name is Deus Ex Machina. He says that Smith has gotten out of control and that he is the only one that can stop him. He says that he wants peace, so the machines stop attacking Zion. Neo and Smith start fighting again. This time Neo cannot beat him like he did with Bane. At the end, he says, "It was inevitable" and allows Smith to touch him and acquire him. Smith is then destroyed, as his only purpose was to balance Neo, who is now gone.


Hercules in the Underworld

Hercules in the Underworld is the fourth made-for-TV movie in the series "". When villagers begin disappearing it is discovered that they had fallen through a crack in the earth which goes straight to Hades. Hercules once again comes to the rescue and faces one of his most difficult challenges, and must prove himself as a man as well as a god.

In the centre of a village the ground begins to open up and a strange green light emanates from within. Two drunken men see the light and walk over to take a closer look. As they approach a gaseous vapour begins pouring out of the fissure and in a flash of light the two men are charred with only their bones remaining.

The following day Hercules is working in the smithy with Nessus, the Centaur. He watches the children playing outside when a woman, Iole, comes looking for him. She says she's from the village of Gryphon and that they need Hercules' help. Hercules agrees to help, but Deianeira tells the girl to rest first.

Hercules and Iole continue onto Gryphon, when they arrive the people take him to the area where the hole has opened up in the ground. He walks through the village seeing fire and destructions and dead bodies strewn on the floor.

With the kiss her memories return and Hercules makes a deal with Hades that if he can capture Cerberus, then Deianeira can go back to Earth with him. Hercules goes after Cerberus, he finds Hades' men trying and failing to capture him. Hercules fights and defeats Cerberus and chains him up again. Once Cerberus is chained the hole in the ground closes up and Deianeira appears. Back on Earth the villagers thank Hercules for helping them and he and Deianeira go home.




Lagorce, Ardèche

Lagorce is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur

Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth made for television movie based on the series "". Hercules has given up his days of traveling. He has found a place to live and be with his family. When a far off village is in danger from an unseen monster, Hercules is goes to help save the village from the monster. The origin of the monster is a combination of the Greek myth and the myths of Tantalus and Lycaon.

In a forest, two men are looking for treasure. They follow their map and find a cave covered with bushes. The two men enter the cave. In the cave, they find a large wooden door. As they try to get through the door, a monster breaks through the door. It chases after them. One man is captured. The other runs as the monster tells him to bring Hercules. At this time, Hercules is working on his farm. He sees his sons fighting and tells them that they should not fight. They says that Hercules fights. Hercules tells them that he only fights when he has to and only to stop other people from being harmed. He tells about the time when he had to fight Eryx the boxer to stop him from killing anymore people. He asks the boys if they understand. They say they do. Later that evening, Hercules is working in the stable, Zeus appears and they talk. Hercules tells Zeus that there have been no monsters for a while, which is good as he has now living with Deianeira and the children. Zeus gives him a scale from a sea serpent. Hercules remembers the time when he and Deianeira were swallowed by a sea serpent while looking for the lost city of Troy.

At night, the children ask their father to tell them a story. He tells them how when he and Deianeira first met. Hercules begins telling how the fire had gone from the Earth and that Deianeira's village needed fire. He told them how he got the fire back from Hera's temple. During the story, Hercules sees that the children are asleep. He and Deianeira go to bed. She asks him if he misses travelling and fighting monsters. He says that he does miss it. The next day, Hercules is working in the stables. He sees something move quickly past the door. He goes to look but sees nothing. As he walks back into the stable, a man jumps on him. Hercules turns to see it is Iolaus. They begin talking about their past. The two men go inside to get a drink. Iolaus tells Hercules that he met a man who taught him to fight better. When Hercules attacks Iolaus, the smaller man does well at first. After a short while Hercules still wins. Deianeira tells Iolaus that since Hercules gave up his adventures he has become sad. A man comes at the stable looking for Hercules. He tells him that he must help his village and that a monster has taken his brother. Hercules says he cannot go. The man says he has to because he is Hercules. Later that evening Deianeria asks him why he refused to help. He tells her that he said that he would stay and raise the children with her. She tells him that he should not try to stop being Hercules, not for her or the children. She tells him to go. The next day, he and Iolaus set off for Alturia. As they travel to Alturia, a young couple are looking for somewhere quiet. They find the cave and enter. While they are in the cave, the Minotaur comes and attacks them.

When Hercules and Iolaus get to Alturia, they ask a woman where the monster is. She tells Hercules that there is not any monster. Underneath the village, the Minotaur says that Hercules will pay. Zeus appears and tells the Minotaur that he still has not learned his lesson, he replies that he has been feeding on hate. Minotaur taunts Zeus because he was unable to kill the Minotaur. Hercules and Iolaus are in a tavern. They get into a fight with some men because they do not believe that he is really Hercules. Outside the tavern, two men are killed and Hercules goes to see what happened. He is found by the villagers. They think he killed the men and chase him and Iolaus. The man who had asked for Hercules's help comes and takes Hercules to the cave where his brother was captured. Zeus appears and tells Hercules what the monster is and why he wants Hercules. He asks Hercules to kill the Minotaur. In the centre of the cave, the Minotaur challenges Hercules. They begin fighting. As Hercules is about to kill the Minotaur, the creature tells him that he is really Hercules' brother. Hercules cannot kill him. The Minotaur then attacks Hercules and Hercules has to kill him. As the Minotaur dies, he changes to his human form and Zeus tells him that it did not have to end that way. Hercules helps Iolaus and the other people being held by the Minotaur. With the people of the village now safe and Iolaus freed, the two men go back home.


Lanas

Lanas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Larnas

Larnas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Marzahn

Marzahn is a locality within the borough Marzahn-Hellersdorf of Berlin. 

Marzahn became part of Greater Berlin in 1920, as a part of the Lichtenberg district. In 1979, the large housing estate of Marzahn was separated from Lichtenberg to become an East Berlin borough in its own right and in 1986 the new Hellersdorf district (including Kaulsdorf and Mahlsdorf) was split from it. Berlin's 2001 administrative reform led to the former boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf fusing into a single new borough.

In the north the locality includes the neighbourhoods of "Bürknersfelde" and "Ahrensfelde", an overbuilt strip of land which once belonged to the Brandenburg municipality of Ahrensfelde and was incorporated into Berlin in 1990.

The historic village of Marzahn was first mentioned as "Morczane" in a 1300 deed by Margrave Albert III of Brandenburg-Salzwedel, when he granted the estates to the Friedland Cistercian abbey (in today's Neuhardenberg). After the Thirty Years' War it fell to Elector Frederick William of Brandenburg.

Marzahn was the site of a labour camp (today a water treatment plant), where Roma were interned from July 16, 1936 on, two weeks prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, away from visitor's eyes. As a part of the Nazi "Porajmos" extermination policy, up to 2000 inmates remained there until in 1943 they were deported to Auschwitz-Birkenau, where most of them were gassed. In 1941 the large factory of the "Carl Hasse & Wrede" machine tool company (now Knorr-Bremse) was erected, where hundreds forced labourers were employed. The victims were buried at the nearby "Parkfriedhof", a memorial marks the site.

In 1987, Marzahn hosted the "Berliner Gartenschau" a horticulture show on the occasion of Berlin's 750th anniversary. The area today called "Erholungspark Marzahn" includes the "Gärten der Welt" (Gardens of the World) project showing a Chinese, Japanese, Balinese and Korean garden, labyrinths modelled on Hampton Court Palace and Chartres Cathedral as well as a garden of the Italian Renaissance.

Marzahn is served by the S-Bahn lines S7 and S75 at the stations "Springpfuhl", "Poelchaustraße", "Marzahn", "Raoul-Wallenberg-Straße", "Mehrower Allee" and "Ahrensfelde". Tramway connections to the inner city are provided by the "M6" and "M8" lines of the Berlin Straßenbahn.


Helicobacter pylori

Helicobacter pylori ("H. pylori") is a spiral shaped bacterium that lives in or on the lining of the stomach. It causes more than 90 percent of ulcers, which are sores in the lining of the stomach or the duodenum (the first part of the small intestine). Before 1982, when this bacterium was discovered, doctors thought that spicy food, acid, stress and lifestyle caused most ulcers. Because doctors now know that most ulcers are caused by an "H. pylori" infection, they can be cured with the correct antibiotics.

"Heliobacter pylori" was first discovered by Australian scientists, Barry J. Marshall and J. Robin Warren. They won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2005 for their work.

Schöneberg

Schöneberg is a locality of Berlin. Until Berlin's 2001 administrative reform it was a separate borough including the locality of Friedenau. Together with the former borough of Tempelhof it is now part of the new borough of Tempelhof-Schöneberg.

The village was first documented in 1264 by Margrave Otto III of Brandenburg. In 1751 Bohemian weavers founded Neu-Schöneberg also known as Böhmisch-Schöneberg, along the current Hauptstraße.

During the Seven Years' War on 7 October 1760 Schöneberg and its village church were completely destroyed by a fire due to the joint attack on Berlin by Austrian and Russian troops.

Alt & Neu Schöneberg were combined as one entity in 1874 and received town privileges in 1898. In 1920 Schöneberg became a part of Greater Berlin. Its town hall Rathaus Schöneberg was completed in 1914. After World War II it served as the city hall of West Berlin until 1991 when the administration of the reunited City of Berlin moved back to the Rotes Rathaus in Mitte.



Schöneberg (disambiguation)

Schöneberg may refer to:


Hercules and Xena – The Animated Movie: The Battle for Mount Olympus

Hercules and Xena – The Animated Movie: The Battle for Mount Olympus is a 1998 animated action/adventure film starring the voices of Kevin Sorbo, Lucy Lawless, Michael Hurst, Renée O'Connor and Kevin Smith, all reprising their roles from "" and "."

The movie begins with the Sirens blaring Across The Sea of Time, a song about how Zeus took the Cronus stone from the Titans, had an affair with Alcmena, the wife of Amphitryon (stepfather of Heracles), and had a son named Hercules, who goes on to defeat a Lernaean Hydra at an early age and become a hero.

As the song ends, a giant sea serpent emerges from the sea. Hercules attempts to kill it, finally throwing a giant rock into its mouth. The creature then jumps to the shore and lands on Hercules. Being out of the water, the serpent suffocates and dies. Hercules triumphantly climbs out of its nostrils. While the villagers are thanking Hercules, lolaus climbs out of a rest chair and joins Hercules, who is rewarded by the villagers with a large fish.

Hercules and lolaus head to Thebes to see Alcmene, but Lolaus is upset because Hercules received all the credit. On the way there, they defeat a group of highwaymen and continue their journey unscathed.

Some Satyrs who stole gold from helpless people are in a bar so Xena and Gabrielle come to beat them up and take the money back. Ares shows up after Gabrielle throws wine at a Satyr and beats him up with her fighting stick. He tells Xena to stop Hercules from going to Thebes because there is a trap set up for him there; however, Xena would like Hercules to go since there is trouble and he needs to help. After a while, Xena becomes frustrated with Ares' unwillingness to give up. She and Gabrielle argue about his intentions. There is no rift between them in this movie.

Hercules is pulling a plow at his mother's house. Both of them then see Thor come from the heavens in his chariot pulled by winged horses like Pegasus driving the chariot down. He takes Alcmene to Mr. Olympus, causing Hercules to become disappointed.

Lolaus thinks Alcmene went on her own since she put up no fight but Alcmene disagrees and pushes Lolaus against a wall in his anger. Hercules apologizes and the two head off to go and rescue Alcmene.

Zeus talks to Ares and wonders why he did not stop Hercules. He says that he tried to get a mortal named Xena to do it, and becomes angry when Ares persistently yearns for Xena. Afterward, Hera appears and yells at Zeus for bringing Alcmene to Mt. Olympus. She leaves and steals the Kronos stone while doing so.

Hera summons the titans while Zeus checks up on Alcmene, who has been shrunk and placed in a small Arabian dollhouse to protect her from Hera.

Aphrodite surfs down a mountain, which makes Lolaus very happy, and who hugs Hercules. She tells Hercules that Hera is angry, and not to go to Mt. Olympus for his good. He decides to go anyway. Iolaus stays behind to entertain Aphrodite but leaves as an earthquake starts.

Meanwhile, a small boy has fallen into a lava pit. Hercules holds the colliding ends together while Lolaus pulls the boy up, to the gratitude of the boy's mother, who then takes him to safety,

Xena and Gabrielle, in a nearby town, are battling three thugs. Xena is tasked with stopping a rolling giant rock from falling upon one of them. When she completes the task, both Xena and Gabrielle are shown Hercules meeting the titan Porphyion.

The leader of the titans says that Hera can go free because he is not defending the gods. Zeus calls Artemis, Aphrodite, and Ares together to fight the titans, all while hoping that Hercules will join them.

Xena and Gabrielle are helping wounded people. Artemis decides to ask for Xena's help, promptly turning Gabrielle into a giant bird. Xena rides on Gabrielle to the Gods' home while Hercules is climbing up. Xena explains to Artemis that all she had to do was ask for help from Xena and that she didn't need to turn Gabrielle into a giant bird.

The four titans come to battle; Poprhyrion, Tethys, Crius, and Mnemosyne. Hercules shows up and greets Xena, promptly rescuing Alcmene while leaving everybody else to fight the titans. Hera turns all of the gods into animals; Lolaus and Xena escape by riding on Gabrielle, who is still a bird, to Alcmene's' house. This upsets everybody, as Hera did nothing to help Alcmene. The gods are all small animals until Zeus can get the stone back. Ares is a goat, Aphrodite is a cow, Artemis is a rabbit, and Zeus is a mouse.

Hercules finds out that Alcmene was sick, and Zeus offers to make up for hard times by giving her immortality and taking her to live with him on Mt Olympus.

The titans sing "Titan's Song", and back on earth, we see Xena and Hercules making up with each other. They both agree to help the gods get their home and the Kronos stone back. The Titans get the stone from Hera and turn her into a small doll, then place her inside a dollhouse. In the meantime, Alcmene has been restored into her normal human form.

The heroes ride Gabrielle to the mountain and fight the Titans. Hercules gets the stone and can destroy it. He lifts the seal of the underworld which causes the lava pits to appear. Hercules and Xena flip the Titan Crius into the lava, and Lolaus gets the water and fire. Female Titans fall into and dissolve within the fiery pits.

Gabrielle scoops up Porpyron, who grabbed Hercules. Hercules tries to reach and jump onto Gabrielle's back, where Xena and Lolaus are sitting, but fails. Gabrielle drops the titan into the cavern and catches the falling Hercules. She then can take him to the Gods' mountain, in time to close the stone which locks the titans away. Zeus and Alcmene go back to Mt. Olympus and Zeus encourages Hercules to visit sometime. Hercules then leaves, going with Lolaus, Gabrielle, and Xena on their way to Corinth, to return a bag of gold and seek more adventure.

The songs "Across the Sea of Time", "Titan's Song", and "Xena's Song" were written by Michele Brourman and Amanda McBroom.


Uranus in fiction

The planet Uranus has appeared in various forms of fiction:









Hercules: The Legendary Journeys (video game)

Hercules: The Legendary Journeys is an action adventure video game with "Beat 'em up" elements that was released on November 17, 1997, on the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color, developed by PS1 and published by Titus Software, based on the .

Ares, Hercules' brother, forms a plan to dethrone Zeus with the help of Hera. With Zeus ill, a struggle for power corrupts the immortal realm. The Gods, unaware of the true nature of the disturbance, flee to the mortal realm in a search to find the reason for the turmoil. Hercules, a man whose strength is like nothing ever seen, is the only one who can save the world, both mortal and immortal, and his father from certain doom. Take control of the legendary hero as you travel around the land in search of a cure, and to stop Ares from completing his plan.


Xena: Warrior Princess (video game)

Xena: Warrior Princess is a "beat 'em up" video game that was released on the PlayStation in September 30, 1999, developed by "VU Games" and published by Electronic Arts, based on the .

Playing as the television series' title character, you must rescue your companion, Gabrielle, from a fate worse than death and fight the forces responsible for her capture in the first place. The game is played from a third-person perspective and revolves around slashing, jumping, and kicking your way through a series of 3D environments. Various button combinations produce special combo moves like those seen on the show, but since mashing the buttons alone appears to work well, you will not be inclined to learn the combinations. Xena can also use power-ups, which she will find along the way, as well as her trademark chakram. Once you throw the chakram, the perspective switches to that of the whirling circle, which you are able to aim, after a fashion. Once it hits something, it is propelled back. The downside to using it is that Xena is defenseless while the weapon is in the air, so you have got to use it wisely when you are under fire from archers perched up above or from multiple opponents on the ground. You use the chakram to flip switches, cut chains, and pick off opponents from a distance. These opponents sometimes become tougher targets because of the hostages they keep so near to them.




Xena: Warrior Princess: The Talisman of Fate

Xena: Warrior Princess: The Talisman of Fate is a fighting video game. It was released on the Nintendo 64. The game was created by Saffire and published by Titus Software. It is based on the "" television series.

It seems that Xena and Despair (the Champion of Dahak) have both said the Talisman of Fate belongs to them. Whoever controls it will have power over all of mankind. Because of this, Xena does not want it to belong to someone who would do bad things with it. A battle takes place, but the Fates themselves decide that the only way to who should have the talisman is to have a tournament. Each of Earth's greatest heroes and villains will fight in the tournament. 

Up to four people can play. Each player controls one of the many characters from the series and tries to beat everyone else with punches, kicks, and many special moves. Xena has her sword, the Chakram, and a torch that lets her breathe fire; Gabrielle has her staff, some very good kicks, and a meditation-into-projectile attack. The game is 3D.



Kevin Sorbo

Kevin David Sorbo (born September 24, 1958) is an American actor. He is best known for the roles of Hercules on "" and Captain Dylan Hunt in "Andromeda".

Sorbo was born in Mound, Minnesota, where he attended Mound Westonka High School. He is the son of Ardis, a nurse, and Lynn Sorbo, a junior high school mathematics and biology teacher. He is of Norwegian descent and was raised in a Lutheran family. Sorbo was educated at Moorhead State University and worked as a model for print and television advertising in the 1980s.

Sorbo started his acting career in the late 1980s making guest appearances in several television series such as "1st & Ten", "Murder She Wrote" and "The Commish". He was considered for and lost out to Dean Cain as Superman in "Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman" and was a possible contender for the role of Agent Mulder in "The X Files" which went to David Duchovny.

In 1994 he shot to fame for playing the role of Hercules in the television movie "Hercules and the Amazon Women". This was the first in a series of television movies that served as pilots for the TV series "" which ran from 1995 to 1999. The series was a huge ratings success throughout different countries becoming one of the most popular syndicated shows in television history and becoming Sorbo's most well-known role. He also guest-starred as Hercules in episodes of the spin-off series "" and provided the voice of Hercules in the animated movie "" which released in 1998. In between the years playing "Hercules" he played his first leading movie role in "Kull the Conqueror" (1997).

After Hercules came to an end he played the starring role of Captain Dylan Hunt in the science-fiction drama series "Andromeda" from 2000 to 2005. In 2006 he played a recurring role on the final season of "The O.C" and guest-starred in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men". In 2007 he appeared in the direct-to-video movie "Walking Tall: The Payback" which is a sequel to the 2004 movie "Walking Tall" . He reprised his role in the second sequel "Walking Tall: Lone Justice" which released later that year. He also starred in the Lifetime Channel movie "Last Chance Café", the Hallmark Channel movie "Avenging Angel", co-starring his real life wife Sam Sorbo and guest starred as a bounty hunter in the season 2 episode "Bounty Hunters!" of the series "Psych". Most recently, he has appeared in the spoof movie "Meet the Spartans" which opened at Number One at the U.S. box office charts.

Sorbo married actress Sam Jenkins on January 5, 1998.Their first child, son Braedon Cooper Sorbo (7 lb. 8oz), was born on August 22, 2001. Second child, son Shane Haaken Sorbo was born on March 31, 2004. His birth weight of 12 lbs. 6oz. broke the Nevada hospital's record. The couple's third child, daughter Octavia Flynn Sorbo (8 lb. 7oz) was born on October 16, 2005.

Sorbo is the spokesman and chair of "A World Fit For Kids", a non-profit organization that trains teenagers to become mentors to younger children. 


Trauma Center: Under the Knife

Trauma Center: Under the Knife, known in Japan as , is a medical simulation video game made by Atlus for the Nintendo DS game console.

Oscar Niemeyer

Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho (December 15, 1907 December 5, 2012) was a Brazilian architect who is thought to be an important name in worldwide modern architecture. He was a pioneer in the idea of using reinforced concrete for buildings.

Buildings made by Niemeyer often have a lot of empty space, making odd patterns. The biggest work he made was the plan for the city of Brasília.

Politically, Niemeyer was a communist, which sometimes had a bad effect for him: When the military dictatorship of Brazil happened in 1964, Niemeyer was forced into exile in Paris. Fidel Castro once said "Niemeyer and I are the last Communists of this planet."

In 1988, Niemeyer won the Pritzker Prize.

In 2012, he died of cardiac arrest due to a respiratory tract infection.


Royal Ontario Museum

The Royal Ontario Museum or ROM, is a major museum for culture and natural history in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 

It is the largest museum in Canada and fifth largest in North America. It has more than six million things on display and over 40 galleries. It has notable collections of dinosaurs, Near Eastern and African art, East Asian art, European history, and Canadian history.

Centenarian

A centenarian is a person who has lived to be at least 100. Because people normally die before this age, the word centenarian is usually linked to longevity. The United States has the most centenarians, while Japan is second. 

Much more rare is a supercentenarian, who is a person that has lived to be at least 110. Famous supercentenarians have included Harry Patch, who was the last surviving British soldier of the First World War trenches. He died on 25 July 2009 (aged 111). For the last seven days of his life he was Britain's oldest man. Henry Allingham, another First World War veteran, had died a week earlier (aged 113). 


Le Lac-d'Issarlès

Le Lac-d'Issarlès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Le Roux, Ardèche

Le Roux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Le Teil

Le Teil is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.

Les Ollières-sur-Eyrieux

Les Ollières-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut.

The first records of a settlement go back to the 12th century. It is located on the banks of the Eyrieux river (a tributary to the Rhône river), Les Ollières (as it is often shortened to by the local people) became a central location for the treatment and processing of silk in the early 1700s.

The village has now become a tourist location, attracting many Dutch, German, Swiss and English tourists to its many camp sites during the summer months. Although some tourists have started to renovate old cottages and set up permanent or holiday homes in the area.

For the people of Les Ollières a daily bus service runs to Valence and Privas. The introduction of an occasional cinema also provides entertainment for people of the village and the neighboring villages.

Les Salelles, Ardèche

Les Salelles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Loubaresse, Ardèche

Loubaresse is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Auguste Comte

Auguste Comte (full name: Isidore Marie Auguste François Xavier Comte; January 17, 1798 – September 5, 1857) was a French thinker. He was one of the founders of sociology. He created the word from the Latin: "socius", "companion"; and the suffix "-ology", "the study of", from Greek λόγος, "lógos", "knowledge" ) He also started a way of thinking about and understanding human knowledge called positivism.

Comte was born on 19 January 1798 at Montpellier, in southern France. After attending the University of Montpellier, one of the oldest European universities, Comte was admitted to the École Polytechnique in Paris.

He married Caroline Massin, but divorced in 1842.

He died in Paris on 5 September 1857 and is buried at the famous Cimetière du Père Lachaise. His apartment from 1841-1857 is now conserved as the Maison d'Auguste Comte.

The law of three stages is a socio-historical idea of Auguste Comte. Comte said that knowledge developed in three stages. The first stage is the "theological" stage, in which Comte says that people use religion or gods to explain why things happen or where things came from. The second stage is the "metaphysical" or "abstract" stage, where people use philosophy and abstract ideas to think about their beliefs and explain things. The last stage is the "positive", regarding to the three stages of positivism. Comte said that society could shift into a positivist society if the sciences, including sociology, are all used to explain things.




George Berkeley

George Berkeley (12 March 1685 – 14 January 1753), or Bishop Berkeley, was an Irish bishop and philosopher.

Berkeley was one of the three 'British Empiricists', philosophers around the late 1600s and 1700s who believed in 'empiricism', the philosophy that everything we learn comes through our senses. The other British Empiricists included the Englishman John Locke and Scotsman David Hume.

His philosophy was called "immaterialism", or "subjective idealism". His idealism said that all our ideas came through sensations, but our senses didn't tell us anything about the world.

He said that Locke's belief in matter was wrong. He said that even though we can see, hear, taste, touch and smell, there was no way of knowing that our senses were reacting to matter, because to find out how accurate our senses were, we would need to study the very thing we use to study. Instead, he said that our experiences are caused by God, a being that is also a mind, like us, and powerful enough to create all our ideas and senses.

Berkeley was born at his family home, Dysart Castle, near Thomastown, County Kilkenny, Ireland. He was educated at Kilkenny College and attended Trinity College, Dublin, completing a Master's degree in 1707.



Colombier-le-Vieux

Colombier-le-Vieux is a commune in the Ardèche "department" in south France.

Sceautres

Sceautres is a commune in the Ardèche department in south France.

Bakot

Bakot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bakot was badly affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake, as the place where the earthquake happened was nearby.

Bakot is in the east of Abbottabad District and is next to the Muzaffarabad and Bagh districts of Kashmir. It is also next the following Union Councils within Abbottabad District: to the north by Nambal, to the south by Berote Kalan and to the west by Phalkot, Namli Maira, Nagri Bala.

The Union Council of Bakote is made up of three areas these are: Bakot, Moolia and Sagnal.

Baldheri

Baldheri is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area.

The population of Baldheri Union Council is 14,796.

The village of Baldheri itself is at 34°15'0N 73°12'0E which is about 11 km east of Abbottabad city centre on the route towards Mansehra city on the main Mansehra Road. Mansehra is directly to the north, but because it is a very hilly area the roads do not go straight - so Baldheri is on the road from Mansehra to Abbottabad city.

Baldheri has a height of 1143 metres (3753 feet), the Union Council is between Ferozabad village to Tanan Village and Mangal to Halmaira.

The Union Council of Baldheri is made up of the following areas:
Baldheri, Gojri, Hal Maira Uta, Hal Maira Tarta, Jalalpura, More Kalan, Sajikot and Tannan

Qalandarabad is major town in Baldheri Union Council and is famous throughout Hazara for its Chapal Kebabs. The Bach Christian Hospital is in the town.

The Union Council of Baldheri consists of the following villages:


Like much of the Abbottabad area it is a very beautiful place, with fresh water streams running down from the hills and mountains. The main steam is called Mangal, and its water is very important for farming. There are primary schools almost in every village. Bach Christian Hospital is also here in Baldheri UC, this hospital was very important during the 2005 Pakistan earthquake that struck the area, due to its location on the Karakoram Highway.

Lussas

Lussas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Bandi Atti Khan

Bandi Atai Khan (also known as Banda Atai Khan) is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bandi Atai Khan is in the south of the district at 34°02'60"N, 73°13'0"E. It has a height of 1035 metres (3398 feet).

Malarce-sur-la-Thines

Beerangali

Beeran Gali (also known as 'Berin Gali' or 'Baran Gali') is a Union Council of Abbottabad District, in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

This area used to be called "Baad Burhan" and is mentioned by Al Biruni in his famous book Ta'rikh al-Hind, The Chronicles of India, from 1030. Al Biruni describes Baad Burhan as a beautiful area.

The area is between two mountains, Thandiani and Miranjani. It is at 34°11'40N 73°21'50E and has an average elevation of 2176 metres (7142 feet) above sea-level.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas:
Andarseri, Beerangali and Jhafar.

Its population numbers about 12,300. The two main tribes are the Karlal or 'Kiraal' and the Quraishi.

Berote Kalan

Birote Kalan is one of the 51 Union councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The name of the Union Council - "Birote Kalan" means Greater Birote, this is because there is a small village called "Birote Khurd". The words Khurd and Kalan (little and big) are words that started being used in Mughal times - to tell the difference between two areas with the same name, so Birote Khurd means little Khurd, The words Khurd (small) and Kalan (big) is Taken form Persian. (Just like Britannia major means "Greater Britain" and Britannia minor means "Lesser Britain").

Birote Kalan is in the south eastern part of Abbottabad District and borders the Bagh District of Kashmir and so was affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake. Mushkpuri Peak is in West of Birote while Tehsil Dheerkot, District Bagh Azad Kashmir in East. In North District Muzzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir and Tehsil Murree in South.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Berote Kalan, Berote Khurd, Kahoo Gharbi and Kahoo Sharqi.

Berote is quite close to the Punjab area of Murree, in the district of Rawalpindi. 
Termuthian is the village which separates Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from Punjab Province. Termuthian is a small valley from where you can view the heights of Mushkpuri, Kashmir, Bagh, and Circle Bakote. It is an area mostly inhabited by the Dhund Abbasi's.

Boi Union Council

Boi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Boi means "fragrance of roses".

Boi is in the northwest part of Abbottabad District. It is next to Kashmir (Muzaffarabad District). It is located at 34°18'10N 73°26'20E and has an average elevation of 853 metres (2801 feet).

The Union Council is made up of the following areas Didal, Barbeen, Nakka, Bandi Pahar, Bandi Hamza, Gali Mohri, Bandi Samand, Boi, Batangi, Tori, Phogram, Chak, Sumbli Dheri, Pal, Rankot,Makrela,Dana(Tald),Lari(mehras),Sambli deri,saran,Sathal and Batangi.

Chamhad

Chamad (also known as Chamhad) is one of the 51 Union Councils (subdivisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Chamad is located at 34°7'0N 73°4'60E, in the west of the district where it borders Haripur District, it has a height of 870 metres (2857 feet).

The Union Council is made up of areas: Khani Thathiara, Shadial, Chamhad, Fateh Bandi, Sarbangala, Chamak Mera, Bagh Darah, Bermgali, Bisala, Mohal, Baln Seri, Bain Noora, Bain Gojra, Bothiala, Jattal, Baghati, Thana, Kasaki Khurd, Kasaki Kalan, Daroparh and Bhoraj.

Dalola

Dalola is one of the 51 Union Councils (sub-divisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Dalola is located at 34°21'20N 73°23'50E. Its elevation is . It is in the northwest of the district and is the most northern part of the district. It borders Mansehra District of to the north and the Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir to the east. It was hit quite badly by the 2005 Pakistan Earthquake.

The Union Council is divided into the following areas: Dabban, Daloa and Naroka.

Dewal Manal

Dewal Manal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The main tribe of this Union Council is the Karlal.

Dewal Manal is in the southern part of Abbottabad district, it borders the following Union Councils, Nara and Seer Gharbi (to the South), Nathia Gali and Nagri Bala to the east and Garhi Phulgran to (to the west and north).

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Chehr, Dewal Manal, Makool Payeen, Nagri Tarli and Sajkot.

Ghari Phulgran

Garhi Phulgran is one of the 51 Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Garhi Phulgran, Takia Sheikhan, Ghora Bazgram, Harnara, Kiala, Mannan, Rajoya and Thith Ochar. Until the local government reforms of 2000, Rajoya was separate Union Council.

Goreeni

Goreeni is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Goreeni is in the South of Abbottabad District and forms part of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa's border with Punjab province where it lies next to Murree Tehsil of Rawalpindi District.

The Union Council of Goreeni is made up of the following areas: Bagla, Bajarian, Banwari, Danah, Goreeni, Kotal, Palasi and Surna Garhage.

Haveliani Urban

Haveliani Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at the west of the district.

Jarral, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

The Union Council of Jarral is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Jarral is 35 km from the city of Abbottabad. It is also approachable from Haripur, which is about 25 Kilometer from the town. It is in a valley which is surrounded by large forested mountains on three sides. These forests have a number of wild animals, such as jackals, wolves, pigs, porcupines and sometimes tigers. On the south of the valley there is the famous Tarbela Dam Jheel. The southern area of Jarral UC borders Haripur District. Jabbi is a scenic hill station in the suburbs of Jarral. Jarral has many small related areas:

Jarral has a population of over 10,000. The local language is Hindko while Urdu and English are understood. The Tanoli is the main tribe of Jarral. But there is significant number of Awans and Syeds. A lot of people from Jarral are living abroad in countries like USA, UK, UAE, Saudi Arabia and other countries around the globe. Jarral is the main market area and people from nearby come to shop. A very beautiful mosque, the Jamia Masjid Jarral, is of historic and architectural significance. It is well known for old-styled wooden door, which is a mater piece of carved art on wood. This old town has also relics of thousands of years old deserted town on a nearby hill on west side.

Locals grow crops such as maize (makai) and wheat (kanak). Different vegetables are also grown by people for their own use.

There are four schools in Jarral: Government Primary School for Boys, Govt High School for Boys, Govt Girls High School and Fatima Jinnah Public School Jarral (English Medium). Adult Literacy rate in Jarral is more than 80%.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Bacha Sani, Kachhian, Pajwarh, Gul Bandi, Jabbi, Jarral, Khuliala, Bandi Dara, Sohai Dara, Sorha Dara, Kotnali and Nakhey Syedan.

Mayres, Ardèche

Mayres is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.

Mazan-l'Abbaye

Mazan-l'Abbaye is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Mirabel, Ardèche

Mirabel is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Montpezat-sous-Bauzon

Montpezat-sous-Bauzon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Montréal, Ardèche

Montréal is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Colombier-le-Cardinal

Colombier-le-Cardinal is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Colombier-le-Jeune

Colombier-le-Jeune is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Le Crestet

Le Crestet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Salavas

Salavas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Orgnac-l'Aven

Orgnac-l'Aven is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

The Aven d'Orgnac cave is located near the village.

Payzac, Ardèche

Payzac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

L'incoronazione di Poppea

L'incoronazione di Poppea () is an opera in three acts by Claudio Monteverdi. The libretto is by Giovanni Francesco Busenello. The first performance was in the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo, Venice in 1643. It was the last opera that Monteverdi composed.

Most operas in the early 17th century were about mythological stories or stories from the Christian religion. This story, however, is about something that happened in the history of ancient Rome. It is about the evil emperor Nero and how he married Poppea. The gods still play a part in the opera, especially Cupid.

Although the opera is called "The Coronation of Poppea" we do not actually see any coronation ceremony.

Monteverdi was an experienced composer when he wrote this and the opera has some of his best music. The orchestra is only a small group of instruments: strings, recorders, cornetts (an old kind of trumpet), percussion, harp, lutes and gambas. The music does not divide sharply between recitative (narrating music) and aria (set songs), but flows gently from one type to the other.

When listening to this opera it is important to remember that in the 17th century men often sang women’s parts and women sang men’s parts. A part such as Nero would have been sung by a castrato. Nowadays it can either be sung by a countertenor (a man) or a mezzo-soprano (a woman). There are scenes in this opera where the actors disguise themselves as the opposite sex. In the 17th century opera audiences did not find anything unusual about a man pretending to be a woman pretending to be a man or the other way round.

The duet between Nero and Poppea at the end of the opera may have been written by another composer. 

The goddesses Fortune and Virtue are having an argument. They are being nasty to one another, each one is saying that she is better and more powerful than the other. Cupid (the god of love) comes in and says that he is even greater than they are, and that he rules both of them. Fortune and Virtue do not dare to disagree with him.

Otho, who is Poppea’s lover, returns to his house and finds that the emperor Nero is in his house spending the night with Poppea. Nero’s guards have surrounded the house. Nero tells Poppea he has to go now, but that he loves her and will come back very soon. When he is gone, Arnalta, Poppea’s nurse, warns her that her affair with Nero will bring trouble. Octavia, Nero’s wife, is very sad that her husband is having an affair with someone else and hopes that the gods will punish him. Her nurse comforts her, saying that she ought to find herself a new lover to make Nero cross, but Octavia has too much honour to do such a thing. The philosopher Seneca tells her that she should just accept her fate. The page boy tells the philosopher he is stupid.

Nero tells Seneca that he is going to get rid of his wife and marry Poppea. Seneca warns Nero that the people will not like this, but Nero does not care. He is emperor and can do what he likes. Nero tells Poppea that he loves her so much that he wants to make her empress. Poppea says to Nero that Seneca believes that Nero is only powerful because he (Seneca) can guide him. Nero immediately believes her and says Seneca should be killed. Otho has been watching this scene. He goes to Poppea and tries to get her love back, but Poppea says she belongs to Nero now. Otho realizes that Poppea just wants power, and he knows that Nero will order him to be killed when he finds out that he used to be Poppea’s lover, so he decides he will have to kill Poppea.

Otho goes to Drusilla who is in love with him. He tells her that he loves her, but he quietly says that Poppea is still in his heart.

The god Mercury warns Seneca that he is going to die. Seneca is quite happy with the news, because it will mean that he will live with the gods in heaven. Liberto, a messenger (his name means “a freed slave”), comes to tell Seneca that Nero is going to have him killed. He is surprised when Seneca already knows. There is a short scene in which the Page flirts with the Lady-in-Waiting. Nero, with his friend Lucan, sings in praise of Poppea.

Octavia tells Otho to disguise himself in woman’s clothes and to go and kill Poppea. She says that he will tell Nero bad things about him if he doesn’t. There is a comic scene between the Page and the Nurse. Drusilla lets Otho borrow her clothes to disguise himself. Poppea is in her garden being lulled to sleep by Arnalta. Cupid sings a song, promising to protect her. When Otho, disguised as Drusilla, comes to kill her, Cupid stops him. 

Drusilla is happy because her rival is going to die. The guards immediately arrest her thinking that she tried to kill Poppea (it was actually Otho in disguise). Drusilla realizes she was stupid to lend Otho her clothes. She tells Nero that she is guilty. Otho then speaks and tells Nero what happened. Nero punishes him by telling him to leave Rome and go and live in a faraway wilderness. Nero also sends Octavia away from Rome. He says she must be put in a boat and left to the mercy of the winds. Octavia sings a farewell song to Rome. Arnalta sings a comic song about how important he now is as the empress’s nurse. The opera finishes with a beautiful love duet for Nero and Poppea.

Groves Dictionary of Music Online

Queen's Park F.C.

Queen's Park Football Club is a famous football club based in Glasgow, Scotland, and is the oldest football club in Scotland, founded in 1867, and the oldest outside of England and Wales. The club has a lot of history and tradition, and is still the only amateur club in the Scottish League. The club's home is one of 29 UEFA five-star stadia, the all-seated Hampden Park in south east Glasgow, which is also the home of the Scottish national team. Queen's Park have won the Scottish Cup the third most amount of times, behind Rangers and Celtic.

The club's amateur status is reflected by their motto, "Ludere causa Ludendi". This means "to play for the sake of playing".

Jhangi

Jhangi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is also known as Jhangi Syedan to the local people. It is to the north of Abbottabad city (the district capital). It includes the northwestern parts of the city, its suburbs, and outlying villages.

Jhangi is at 34°12'0N 73°13'60E with a height of 1201 metres (3943 feet). To the south is the city of Abbottabad.

The Union Councils is administratively subdivided into the following areas: 

Other villages are:


Jhangra

Jhangra is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the southwest of the district.

The Union Council of Jhangra is administratively subdivided into the following areas: Chamba, Darooni Maira, Havelian village, Jhangra, Kalu Maira, Mala, Nowshera, Sultanpur and Wazeera.

Jhangra is located at 34°1'0N 73°7'60E with a height of 836 metres (2746 feet).

Kakul

Kakul is a hamlet and union council in the Kakul Valley of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is 5 km north of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills at a height of 1300 metres. The Pakistan Military Academy is also located here.

Kakul was historically a small village in the suburbs of Abbottabad, close to the larger Nawanshehr hamlet, which was owned by the Jadoon Pashtun tribe. When the Hazara region was annexed to British India in 1849, the then District Commissioner Major James Abbott decided to build a cantonment town which was founded in 1853 as Abbottabad; and at that time, a smaller military station or tented garrison was set up close to Kakul. In 1900-1901 this site became one of the first 'concentration camps' for Boer Prisoners of War (POWs) from the Anglo-Boer War, where some 400 such prisoners were held until 1903. In 1904-1905, a part of this camp became the British Indian Armys Mountaineering and PE Camp, whereas the rest was made into the zonal headquarters of the Royal Indian Army Supply Corps(RIASC). This position lasted until 1947, when after Independence the new Pakistan Army decided to set up the Pakistan Military Academy here, which was done in 1948.

The small township of Kakul is the capital of Kakul Union Council. The Union Council is divided into the following areas: Balolia, Kakul, Mandroch Kalan, Mandroch Khurd, Nawansher Janoobi and Nawansher Shamali.

Kehal Urban

Kehal Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

Kukmang

Kukmang is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Kukmang is located at 34°16'20N 73°25'30E and has a height of 1208 metres (3966 feet). It is in the northwest of the district, it borders Boi to the north and Pattan Kalan to the east.

The Union Council of Kukmang is divided into the following areas: Kothiala, Kukmang and Pattan Khurd, as part of the local government reforms of 2000 Pattan Khurd Union Council was merged into Kukmang.

Yasir Hameed Qureshi was the first player of Pakistan National Cricket team who participated in international cricket with two test centuries. His family migrated to Peshawer in 1965 but has family members remaining in Kukmang Union Council.

Kuthiala

Kothiala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bagakot - Naka - Nalla - Doga - jab - Gali Syedan - Golra - Panyali - Salyot - Sora - Mukdabi Gup - Brahan - Todumira - Nalla (tudumira) - Tali - Misser -karmatti- Poona - Chakuli - Cheera thandi Khuiy - Hall Syedian - Tarada - Mubarak - Kalya - Char - Lunda - Daki -Beeri Patyan - Cahri - Banjgalli - Paswal - Soban Galli - Chariala -

The main tribes are:
Tanolis 
Awan
Syed
Gujr 

Kuthwal

Kuthwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is northwest of Abbottabad city (the district capital).

The main villages of this Union Council are Kuthwal, Bandi Mansoor, School Wali Gali, Gali Banian, Chatry Balla, Dunna Sharif, Maira Rehmat Khan Mohra Kalan and Charti.


Langra, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Langra is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Langra is at 34°4'0N 73°10'0E at a height of 871 metres (2860 feet). It is to the south of Abbottabad city, neighbouring Union councils are, Salhad - which is to the north and forms the approach to Abbottabad city, Rajoya to the east, Havelian to the South and Kokal to the west (which forms the approach to Haripur District).

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Banda Sahib Khan, Lari and Langra.

2 (disambiguation)

2 and two may mean:

In music

In sports:

In television:

2 may also mean:

Langrial

Langrial is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the south west of the district and borders Haripur District.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Basgora, Chotala, Dabran, Danna Nooral, Faqir Mohammad, Gali Batgran, Karkaki, Langrial, Lassan and Manjia. Other villages are Kialapain and Basara.

3 (disambiguation)

3 and three may mean:


In music and film:

3 can also mean:

3 looks similar to:

Murree

Murree is a mountain resort town in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab, Pakistan. It is in the north of Punjab and is near the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and Kashmir.

From Pindi Point one can see the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad.

Malikpura Urban

Malikpura Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

Malikpura is the one of most populated union councils of Abbottabad city/urban area and an old settled area of the municipal committee.Many prominent people in the past have been residents of Malikpura at one time or the other, including ex-president of Pakistan General Mohammad Ayub Khan,Justice Sajjad Ahmad Jan, ex-Chief Minister of NWFP, Sahibzada Sir Abdul Qayyum Khan,Chaudhry Mohammad Ali ex-Vice Chancellor of the Peshawar University, famous local freedom movement activist Jalal-ud-din Baba,Sheikh Ghulam Khalid Sehgal and others.

Mir Pur

Mirpur is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

Mojohan

Mojohan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

2 BC

Year 2 BC was a common year starting on Thursday or Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Silvanus.




Nagri Bala

Nagri Bala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The union council of Nagri Bala is found in the south central part of Abbottabad District, and lies to the south east of Abbottabad city - the capital city of the district. Union councils bordering Nagri Bala are - Bagnotar to the north, Nathia Gali to the east, and Garhi Phulgran to the south.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Akhroota, Makool Bala, Nagri Bala and Tatreela kasala

Nagri Totial

Nagri Tutial (also known as Nagri Totial) is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Nagri Tutial which means "the town of the Tutials" is named after Abassi chief Toota Khan (a son of Doomat Khan).

Most of the people of Nagri Tutial are from the Tutial branch of the Dhund Abbasi tribe.

Nagri Tutial a famous and beautiful village in Pakistan. It is in the south east of the district, next to the Punjab. Nagri Tutial shares a borders with the other Union Councils in Abbottabad District - to the north and east with Seer Gharbi, to the west with Nara, and to the south with Lora. Nagri Tutial is 1243 metres (4081 feet) above the level of the sea.

The people or Nagri Tutial are hardworking and dedicated and work far away in various places, throughout Pakistan, to earn their living. They are politically conscious and careful in electing their local representatives. In the past, members of parliament from this area have done little or nothing to help in development and this has made the majority of people wary. 
At this time, the people have only just recently obtained a regular electricity supply to the village. They have also had various roads built connecting them to various parts, the earliest such roads were the Upper Dewal—Kohala Road and the Ghora Gali—Lora Road begun in 1964, and finished in 1968. Since then, there is a regular and strong local demand for more tourism infrastructure development and basic facilities.

Nambal, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Nambal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Nambal is a mountainous area in the east of the district bordering Kashmir, where it has trade and tribal links. The Union Council takes its name from the main village of the area - i.e. Nambal.

There are also famous villages called Leeran,Bribagla, Mujot, Langaloot, Nakthar,Mujhot,etc. at the top of a mountain with a view of Azad Kashmir, Murree and Thandiani. Because of the mountains this small valley is very difficult to get to.

The valley is full of Bhayar trees.and at the top of these villages a beautiful view of TOPA, there is beautiful forest of Bhayar tree. As these village are on a mountain it receives 3–4 feet of snow during winter. Winters are extremely cold while summers are very pleasant.

The Union Council is divided into two areas Majuhan and Nambal - as part of the local government reforms of 2000 Majuhan was merged into Nambal Union Council.

Namli Maira

Namli Maira is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

8 October 2005 was one of the worst days in the history of Pakistan. An earthquake of magnitude 7.6 struck the Northern Areas as well as Kashmir. The quake brought huge destruction. Namli Maira was partially damaged, but the aftershocks were felt in this area even in December. Houses were damaged but the death toll was very low.

Namli Maira is between 34° 07.33' N, 073° 23.00' E in Abbottabad District. The Union Council is a collection of small hamlets, and takes its name from the largest two, Namli and Maira. These settlements are nestled on mountains about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad. Miranjani, the highest peak of the area, is also in Namli Maira.

From Mera Jani, Azad Kashmir, River Jhelum, (Kohala) Tarbela lake, Abbottabad city, Havelian, Mountains of Naran kaghan & IIOJK and other far places can easily be seen.

Namli Maira is mainly a mountainous rural area. The nearest city to Namli Maira is Abbottabad which is also its Tehsil and District capital.

The Union Council is administratively divided into the following areas: Dhaki Khaitar, Namli Maira, Noormang and Pangoora.

The majority of the people of Namli Maira belong to the Karlal tribe. Other tribes in this area are: Turks, the Mughals, Malik and Awans and Dhund Abbasi, although they are in a minority. People are religious and are all Muslims.

Fruit like pears, apples, black grapes, grapes, figs, peaches, damson plums, mulberries, wild figs, lemons, and apricots grow in abundance in Namli Maira. As the hill people lack awareness about the markets, these fruits only meet the requirement of local people. They are not for sale in a market.

Most of the area of these hilly hamlets and villages is covered with trees. Peaks are covered with evergreen trees including pine, walnut, oak and maple trees. Herbs, shrubs, wild flowers and thorny bushes can be seen in abundance. Goats and other pet animals graze in pastures. Most of the people used forest wood as fuel for daily use and also for home construction.

Literacy rate: Namli Maira village has one of the highest literacy rates for the district. The literacy rate of Namli Maira is about 85%. There are both girls' and boys' schools here. There are primary schools for boys and girls, Government Boys High School, and Girls High school. Private English Medium Schools (Model Public School Namli, Habib Model School Etc.) are also here – these account for the high literacy rate.

Nara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Nara is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Nara is in the southern part of the district. The Union Council of Nara takes its name from the village of Nara. The main tribe of this Union Council are the Karlal.

The Union Council of Nara is subdivided into the following areas: Changah, Dakhan, Gohra, Kanger Hoter, Kehan, Maira Ulla, Mari, Mohri-Badbhen, Nara and Satora.

Nathia Gali

Nathia Gali or Nathiagali () is one of the mountain holiday towns of the Galyat area of Pakistan. It is one of the most popular tourist areas of the Murree Hills, with fairly good facilities and is on the road from Murree to Abbottabad lying midway between the two. The main tribe of Nathia Gali is the Karlal.

During British rule Nathia Gali, then part of Abbottabad Tehsil of Hazara District, was the summer headquarters of the Chief Commissioner. The town along with Dunga Gali was a notified area.

It is in Abbottabad District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province. At 2,500 m (8,200 ft) height from the sea level, it is a popular tourist resort in the summer months. It is forested with pine, walnut and also broad-leaved oak and maple trees.

It is about two and a half hours car drive away from Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.

"Mukshpuri" and "Miranjani" are the two nearby high peaks both of which are favoured by hikers. The Mukshpuri track is wide and easy to hike. The Miranjani track, on the other hand, is a bit more difficult as it has steeper height and the track is narrow at some places. Both of these peaks could be reached within 2 to 3 hours by hiking. In case of clear weather one could catch a glimpse of Nangaparbat peak some 400 kilometres away from top of these peaks. More serious hikers also go from Nathia Gali to "Thandiani" on foot via Miranjani peak. However, the travel takes more than a day therefore proper preparation for such a trip is required. Facilities of local guides are easily available. It is advisable to acquire the services of a local guide for any hiking trip in view of the presence of wildlife in the surrounding forests. 

Nathia Gali has been declared a wildlife sanctuary by the Government. Monkeys, leopards and variety of other birds and animals are common in the forest surrounding Nathia Gali. Monkeys’ foraging on trees is not an uncommon sight in Nathia Gali.
Nathia Gali has a mini bazaar. It has a variety of local handicrafts and products available. From traditional shawls, scarves, and embroidered fabrics to intricate woodwork and handmade jewelry, this bazaar is a treasure trove for souvenir hunters. The nearest place to Nathia Gali is Kala Bagh.

A number of hotels and guest houses are available in Nathia Gali which provide reasonable accommodation to the tourists. The best available hotels are Pine View Hotel and Greens Hotel. 

Nathia Gali also has a small seasonal church, St Matthews (attached to the St Luke's Church, Abbottabad) which was constructed during the time of the British Raj. It is totally made of wood. It is at the edge of the mountain from which there is a beautiful sight. Kashmir can be seen right behind this church, and is a wonderful scene.

The Union Council of Nathia Gali is divided into the following areas: Bagan, Donga Gali, Jhansa, Keri Sarafali, Lassan, Malach, Nathiagali and Pasala.



Fibonacci number

The Fibonacci numbers are a sequence of numbers in mathematics named after Leonardo of Pisa, known as Fibonacci. Fibonacci wrote a book in 1202, called "Liber Abaci" ("Book of Calculation"), which introduced the number pattern to Western European mathematics, although mathematicians in India already knew about it. 

The first number of the pattern is 0, the second number is 1, and each number after that is equal to adding the two numbers right before it together. For example 0+1=1 and 3+5=8. This sequence goes on forever. 

This can be written as a recurrence relation,

For this to make sense, at least two starting points need to be given. Here, formula_2 and formula_3. 

Fibonacci numbers are related to the "golden ratio", which shows up in many places in buildings and in nature. Some examples are the pattern of leaves on a stem, the parts of a pineapple, the flowering of artichoke, the uncurling of a fern and the arrangement of a pine cone. The Fibonacci numbers are also found in the family tree of honeybees.

The nth Fibonacci number can be written in terms of the golden ratio. This avoids having to use recursion to calculate Fibonacci numbers, which can take a computer a long time to do.

Where formula_5, the golden ratio.


Prades, Ardèche

Prades is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Trans-Karakoram Tract

The Trans-Karakoram Tract is an area of approximately 5,300 km² that was transferred by a border agreement from the Pakistani-administered Northern Areas to China in 1963 with the proviso that the settlement was subject to the final solution of the Kashmir dispute. Pakistan says that it was a no-man's undemarcated border land, hence no question arises of its being transferred. It is claimed by India as part of the state of Jammu and Kashmir.

The tract, called Shaksgam, is technically part of Shigar, a valley of Baltistan region of Ladakh Province. The Raja of Shigar controlled this land until 1971, when Pakistan abolished the Raja government system. A polo ground in Shaksgam was built by the Amacha Royal family of Shigar, and the Rajas of Shigar used to invite the Amirs of Yarkand to play polo there. All the names of the mountains, lakes, rivers and passes are in Balti/Ladakhi, suggesting that this land has been part of Baltistan/Ladakh province for a long time.

The Tract is one of the most inhospitable areas of the world, with some of the highest mountains including Broad Peak, Gasherbrum and Masherbrum, and is adjacent to the highest battlefield in the world at Siachen Glacier.

Prunet, Ardèche

Prunet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Ribes, Ardèche

Ribes is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Rocher, Ardèche

Rocher is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Rocles, Ardèche

Rocles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Sagnes-et-Goudoulet

Saint-Alban-Auriolles

Saint-Alban-en-Montagne

Saint-André-Lachamp

Dead Sea scrolls

The Dead Sea Scrolls are about 1,000 documents. They include texts from the Hebrew Bible. They were found between 1947 and 1979 in eleven caves in and around the Wadi Qumran (near the ruins of the ancient settlement of Khirbet Qumran, on the northwest shore of the Dead Sea) in the West Bank. The religious and historical texts are very important as they include practically the only known surviving copies of Biblical documents made before 100 CE. They show evidence of many different beliefs and practices within late Second Temple Judaism. 


Saint-Montan

Saint-Montan is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Andéol-de-Berg

Saint-Andéol-de-Berg is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.


Saint-Andéol-de-Vals

Saint-Bauzile, Ardèche

Saint-Bauzile is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Saint-Cierge-la-Serre

Saint-Cierge-la-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in the Rhône Valley in southern France.


Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades

Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Cirgues-en-Montagne

Saint-Didier-sous-Aubenas

Saint-Genest-de-Beauzon

Saint-Fortunat-sur-Eyrieux

Saint-Georges-les-Bains

Saint-Germain, Ardèche

Saint-Germain is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Gineis-en-Coiron

Saint-Jean-le-Centenier

Saint-Joseph-des-Bancs

Saint-Julien-du-Gua

Saint-Lager-Bressac

Saint-Lager-Bressac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Oak Creek Township, Saunders County, Nebraska

Oak Creek is a township of Saunders County, in the state of Nebraska, in the United States. As of 2020, 916 people were living in the township. The village of Valparaiso is in Oak Creek.


Buzzcocks

Buzzcocks were a punk rock band from Bolton, England. They started in 1976.


Dysprosium

Dysprosium () is a chemical element with the symbol Dy and atomic number 66. It has a very high melting temperature of 1,407°C. It can also absorb neutrons. This makes it very suitable for use with nuclear reactors and lasers. 

Dysprosium is a rare earth element that has a metallic, bright silver luster.

Dysprosium was first identified in Paris in 1886 by French chemist Paul Émile Lecoq de Boisbaudran.



Anti-Flag

Anti-Flag is a punk rock band from Pittsburgh. They were formed in 1988.










New York Dolls

New York Dolls are a glam punk band from New York City. They were formed in 1971. They sometimes dressed in women's clothes. They made two albums: "New York Dolls" (1973) and "Too Much Too Soon" (1974). Two of their members, Johnny Thunders and Jerry Nolan started the punk band The Heartbreakers.

Dead Milkmen

Dead Milkmen were a punk band from Philadelphia. They were formed in 1983.

The Donnas

The Donnas were a hard rock band from Palo Alto, California. They were formed in 1993. The members are all girls.


Weezer

Weezer is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles. They were formed in 1992.




Jefferson Airplane

Jefferson Airplane was a psychedelic rock band from San Francisco. They were formed in 1965.

Some bands that were formed with members of Jefferson Airplane after they broke up include Jefferson Starship and Starship, while bands that modeled them include Hot Tuna and KBC Band.

Jefferson Airplane was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.

Jefferson Airplane formed in San Francisco during the summer of 1965, and signed a recording contract with RCA Records in November of that year.








County government in Nebraska

County government in Nebraska is organized in two ways:


Other county officials (such as the county Surveyor and the election commissioners) are appointed; in smaller counties, these officials may be shared by multiple counties.


Nawansher Urban

Nawansher Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the north of the district.

4chan

4chan is an English language website based on the Japanese Futaba Channel where people can post and discuss pictures and other images. Sites such as these are called imageboards. It was started in 2003 by "moot" also known as Christopher Poole, who was 15 years old at the time. On the website, users post pictures and discuss them. When the site started, it was for discussing anime and manga, but now many other topics are discussed. One of the boards on the site, called "/b/", is dedicated to random topics and is often mentioned in media. Several Internet memes have started at 4chan, including lolcats and rickrolling. People have associated it with the alt-right, Neo-Nazis and Holocaust deniers, as well as those part of the Red-Brown coalition, due to there being sections devoted to them.

Palak

Palak is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Palak is in the southeastern edge of Abbottabad District and is next to Punjab province and Kashmir, it is also next to the following Union Councils of Abbottabad District, Seer Gharbi to the west, Nathiagali to the North and Malkot to the north west.

Palak is the gateway into Abbottabad District.

Palak is the largest Union Council of the Circle Bakote area, in 2000 Malkot which used to be a Union Council was joined into Palak.

Palak UC is subdivided into the following areas:
Arwar, Darwaza, Kala Bon, Longal, Malkot, Palak, Riala (Riyala) and Soorjal (Surajaal).

The total population of the Palak is almost 5,000, the main tribes of Palak are the Dhund Abbasi, Gujars and Sattis.

Palak (disambiguation)

Palak may refer to:


Palak Muchhal

Palak Muchhal is teenager singer from Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. She and her younger brother Palaash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for the poor children who need money for treatment of heart disease.

Pattan Kalan

Pattan Kalan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Pattan Kalan is in the eastern edge of Abbottabad District and is next to Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir. It is also next the following Union Councils of Abbottabad District, Kukmang and Boi to the north, Kuthwal to the west, Beerangali and Nambal to the south

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Bandi Sararha, Banota, Chamiali, drair,Khokhriala, Larri, Sialkot,Dawatta , khoi , bagla

Maseena Kalan and Pattan Kalan. Maseena Kalan is a big village.

Dysnomia (moon)

Dysnomia is the only known moon of the dwarf planet Eris. It was found on September 10, 2005 by Michael E. Brown and his team at the W. M. Keck Observatory. It is probably about 600 km in diameter (across), although it may be up to 800 km in diameter. The moon was named "Dysnomia" (from the Ancient Greek word that means "lawlessness") after the daughter of the Greek goddess Eris.

Pawa Union Council

Pawa is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The Union Council of Pawa is in the North West of the district (and to the north west of Abbottabad city) towards Mansehra District. Neighbouring Union Councils are Kothiala to the south and Thathi Faqir Sahib to the north.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas:

Phalkot

Phalkot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Most of the people are Awans with some Dhund Abbasis. Most of the people are poor and lead a simple life.

Phalkot Malsa is located at 34° 9' 40N 73° 22' 30E and has a height of 1747 metres (5734 feet).

The Union Council is subdivided into two areas Phalkot and Malsa, that include other settlements including Kutli Sehana Jandar Bari Buni Gali and Upri Kutli.

The Hindko language is widely spoken throughout the area, Urdu being national language also understand and spoken here. English and Pashto is spoken and understood by some people

Trans-Neptunian object

Trans-Neptunian object or TNO is a name astronomers give to any minor planet in the Solar System which orbits (goes around) the Sun beyond the planet Neptune. There are over a thousand of them. Many are in the Kuiper belt.

Phallah

Phallah is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. 

The following villages are in the Union Council of Phallah:

The karaals (Karlal) and Dhund Abbasis are about 50% of its total population. Other tribes like Awans, Rajput, Khokhars, Moghals are also living side by side with harmony and brotherhood. Students of Phallah used to very famous in surrounding area due to their intelligence. The people of Phallah are well educated and are serving as doctors, engineers, defence forces officers, lawyers and accountants, s well as in several other professions.

Phallah Village is on the Lora Road.
The Union Council of Phallah is in the most south-westerly part of Abbottabad District, to the east it is bordered by Haripur District and to the south it borders the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province. Due to its location it is an easily accessible village. Phallah is on the backside of Marghalla hills. Islamabad is 15 km away from Phallah. To the east of Phallah muree is away.

Pind Kargu Khan

Pind Kargu Khan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan it is 28 km from Abbottabad city.

The huge forest of pine tree named Kohe-e-Balehana is located on the peak of Sando Gali, most of the people are farming - the main crops are maze and wheat. It has a beautiful valley with the flower of Rose, Chambali (Jasmine), Sunflower. 

The main fruits are Apricot, Grapes, Pomegranate, Watermelon, Pear, Guava, Lemon, Locate, Peach, Apple, strawberry etc.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Bacha Kalan, Bacha Khurd, Bandi Nikra, Bareela, Barkot, Chahar, Chatha, Gandah, Haal, Kanger Bala, Kangrora, Khalora Tarla, Khalora Utla, Khanda Khoo, Lakhala, Pind, Pind Kargu Khan, Kotha Doga, Dhakian, Beesala, Marmanian, Rakran, Amliala, Loola, Kotera, Jabri, Bandi, Chharat, Bagarian, Sando Gali, Chhajian, Badyal, Sohaie, Baliana, Chanjeela, meherh, Ghumanian, Tredda, Khukhri, Sahra, Darra, Manna, Sarran, Pohar, Rata, Nazran, Mankran, Sharula, Sahi Parrian, 
Sari, Sher Shah and Tandhara

Salhad

Salhad is one of the 51 Union Councils (sub-divisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The Union Council of Salhad is named after what was the main village of the area, but today has become a part of Abbottabad city.

The population of the town is now over 21,000.

Salhad Union Council is subdivided into two areas Salhad and Khokar.

Sarbhana

Sarbhana is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Sarbhana is in the west of the district, it is next to following Union Councils, to the north by Kakul, Kuthwal and Beerangali, to the east by Phalkot, to the south by Namli Maira, Bagnotar and Bagh, and to the west by Dhamtour (Sungli Narrian village).

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Aziz Bang, Desal, Khan, Sadra, Dharay, Sarbhana, Seergah,Mohar and Narian Khurd. The top of hill village Sungli and Mohalla Trippa.

The main tribes of this area are Barcha kheil, Sheikhmali kheil andGurham Zai (Golni Cheerah - a Jadoon clan) and the Malik, Shohallian (Jadoon).

Asteroid moon

An asteroid moon is an asteroid that orbits or goes around another asteroid. Asteroid moons are quite rare. Only 2% of asteroids are thought to have moons.

To be an asteroid moon, an asteroid has to be smaller than the object it goes around. If they are roughly the same size they are called a binary pair. 

Dimorphos is an asteroid moon that is famous as the target of the Double Asteroid Redirection Test. 

Sheikhul Bandi

Sheikhul Bandi is one of the 51 Union Council (sub-divisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the valley toward the north-west of the Sarban Hills. It is located at 34°8'60N, 73°13'60E 
Most people of Sheikhul Bandi are the Jadoons. The main language is Hindko although Urdu is also spoken and understood.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Cantonment, Qasba Abbottabad, Sheikhulbandi and Rakh Civil Military.

Sherwan

Sherwan " is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, it is 35 km west of the city of Abbottabad.

Over 15,000 people live in Sherwan. The local language is Hindko. Urdu is also understood and spoken by local peoples. The main tribes of this area are the Tanolis and the Awans.

Sherwan is in a beautiful valley which is surrounded by large, forested mountains on three sides. Wild animals live in these forests, such as jackals, wolves, pigs, porcupines and sometimes tigers. Sherwan is divided into two parts: Sherwan Khurd (small) and Sherwan Kalan (wide). Sherwan Kalan covers a much larger area than Sherwan Khurd. In the northeast of Sherwan Union Council there is another place called Patheel.

The Union Council of Sherwan is subdivided into the following areas: Beri, Kharperh, Thethi Ahmed Khan, Chakar Bain, Chorgran, Juna, Kamila, Kangar Palan, Sherwan Kalan, Sherwan Khurd, Khalabat, Chamhati, Kumharan (Amirabad), Thorey, Kalar Khaitar, Bamochi, Bhateel and Shaheedabad(Cheera).

Tajwal

Tajwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Tajwal is in the south of the district and is in the north western part of Havelian Tehsil, it is next to the following union councils, Nathia Gali to the north, Palak to the east, Seer Gharbi and Nara to the south, as well as Dewal Manal and Nara to the west.

Tajwal is a beautiful and scenic valley, near by Changla Gali en route from Murree to Abbottabad.

The Union Council of Tajwal is subdivided into the following areas: Nowshera, Pirkot, Tajwal and Topla.

Parody mass

A parody mass is a musical setting of the mass that uses melodies from other musical works. This kind of mass was popular in the 16th century. "Parody" in this sense does not mean "parody" in the modern meaning of the word. It is not about poking fun at something. A parody mass is one that borrows musical material. The music might be borrowed from a chanson or motet, usually one by another composer. At that time there was nothing shameful about using other composer's tunes. Today it would be called plagiarism (stealing other people's ideas).

The parody mass was very popular during the Renaissance: Palestrina wrote about 50 parody masses. Some examples of early parody masses include the "Missa Malheur me bat", "Missa Mater Patris", and "Missa Fortuna desperata" by Josquin Desprez. By the middle of the 16th century, a large number of masses composed used the parody technique.

Sanctuary

A sanctuary, in its original meaning, is a sacred place, such as a shrine or temple. By the use of such places as a safe haven, the term has come to be used for any place of safety. This secondary use can be a human sanctuary, such as a political sanctuary; and non-human sanctuary, such as an animal or plant sanctuary.

Interstate 4

Interstate 4 is a Interstate Highway in state of Florida. It runs from Interstate 75 in Tampa to Interstate 95 in Daytona Beach. It also travels through Orlando.

Interstate 12

Interstate 12 is a long Interstate Highway in Louisiana, connecting Interstate 10 at each end. It goes from Baton Rouge to Slidell.

Notes

Robert Tear

Robert Tear (Barry, Glamorgan, Wales on 8 March 1939 – 29 March 2011) was a Welsh tenor and conductor.

Robert Tear (“Tear” rhymes with “dear”) was educated in Wales. He sang in the choir at St. Paul's Cathedral and then became a choral scholar at King’s College, Cambridge.

In 1961 he left Cambridge and started his career as a soloist. He soon became very successful, singing with the English Opera Group. He became well known for singing many roles in the operas of Benjamin Britten. He sang the part of Quint in "The Turn of the Screw", including performances in Moscow and Leningrad.

Tear sang solos with many great orchestras under many famous conductors including Leonard Bernstein, Carlo Maria Giulini and Herbert von Karajan. He sang in many famous opera houses in the world. He made over 250 recordings including many cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach, Benjamin Britten’s Serenade, Nocturne and the War Requiem and Gustav Mahler’s "Das Lied von der Erde". He also recorded many Lieder including Schubert’s "Die Winterreise".

Robert Tear often conducted in his later years. In 1985 he conducted in Minneapolis in the United States. He conducted many orchestras including the Northern Sinfonia, English Chamber Orchestra, Philharmonia, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, Royal Scottish National Orchestra and the Scottish Chamber Orchestra.

As a singer Tear was especially known for his singing of the music of British composers Benjamin Britten and Tippett. He was the first to sing the role of Dov in Tippett's opera "The Knot Garden". He was also well known for his duets with the baritone Benjamin Luxon. They sang many Victorian parlour songs (popular songs) together.

From 1992 to 1994, he was Artistic Director of the Vocal Faculty of the London Royal Schools of Music. He held the Chair of International Singing at the Royal Academy of Music. He was an honorary member of King’s College, Cambridge and was made a CBE in 1984. He died in London in 2011.

Renee O'Connor

Reneé O'Connor (born Evelyn Reneé O'Connor on February 15, 1971 in Houston, Texas) is an American actress, producer and director best known for playing the role of Gabrielle on the TV series "" from 1995 to 2001.

O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production. At age twelve, she began studying acting at Houston's Alley Theatre, and later attended the "High School for the Performing and Visual Arts" in Houston. She transferred back to Taylor High School to graduate with her friends.

O'Connor began her television career at the age of sixteen with commercials for McDonald's and Exxon. A string of other commercials followed, as well as a series of odd jobs such as Porky Pig at Astroworld and an aerobics instructor in Los Angeles. In 1989, O'Connor landed a recurring role in a serial called "Teen Angel", featured on the "New Mickey Mouse Club." This led to roles in another Disney serial called "Match Point", and an episode of "Tales from the Crypt" (directed by Arnold Schwarzenegger), though her Crypt role was later cut. O'Connor then played a student on the NBC special "The Flood", Cheryl Ladd's daughter in Danielle Steel's "Changes", a woman captured by Shawnee Indians in ABC's "Follow the River", an actress who hires Rockford as her bodyguard in "The Rockford Files: A Blessing in Disguise", Julia Wilkes in Disney's "The Adventures of Huck Finn", and the daughter of a murdered couple in an episode of "NYPD Blue".

O'Connor first came to the attention of "" executive producers Robert Tapert and Sam Raimi with an "over-the-top" audition that won her the role of the young Deianeira in their two-hour "Action Pack" adventure "Hercules and the Lost Kingdom". They were so impressed by her performance opposite "" star Kevin Sorbo that they signed her for a starring role in "Darkman II: The Return of Durant". She was later cast as Gabrielle, and co-starred opposite Lucy Lawless as Xena's companion on "".

O'Connor was voted #3 of the most intriguing people in 1996, #2 in 1997, and one of the most beautiful people of 1997, by People Magazine. O'Connor was featured in Maxim magazine in November 1999 with a photo shot and intimate interview. She made the cover of "TV Guide" on the July 29, 2000 to August 4, 2000 issue as "one of "The Sexiest Stars in the Universe". She was voted #45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia's 100 Sexiest Women in [2000]. In January 2007, O'Connor topped the 2006 annual list of LesbiaNation.com – establishing her as the longest reigning queen of their top-ten list of "Women We Love". O'Connor has a cult following in the lesbian community, stemming from her role as Gabrielle in "" and her ambiguous relationship with her traveling companion Xena. Although O'Connor is heterosexual, she loves her gay and lesbian fans and has appeared at gay-pride events such as the "Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras" and the 2007 Dinah Shore Weekend in Palm Springs. In June 2007, and again in June 2008, O'Connor was named to the AfterEllen.com Hot 100 List.

After the end of "Xena", O'Connor began a movie production company, ROC Pictures. Her first independent production was "Diamonds and Guns", a romantic comedy about two friends who go to Las Vegas to find true love. It was shot digitally. O'Connor raised funds for the movie by selling autographed photos and a few of her personal paintings on eBay. In 2008 O'Connor was working on her second ROC Pictures LLC movie..

In 2019 she was to open her own Theatre Company, named "House of Bards Theatre Company". 

O'Connor is an active supporter of the Alissa Ann Ruch Burn Foundation, working each year at the Southern California Firefighters Burn Relay which benefits the Foundation. She also set up The Renée O'Connor Outreach Fund which is designed to raise money for families in need and to support families whose medical bills have become too overwhelming due to serious illness.

O'Connor was born to Walter and Sandra O'Connor. Her mother and stepfather, Sandra and Eddie Wilson, own the restaurant "Threadgill's" in Austin, famous for being the site of Janis Joplin's first performance. She has an older brother named Chris, who is a grocery store manager, and her biological father Walter is a finance manager.

From 1995 to 2001, during the filming of "Xena", O'Connor lived in Auckland, New Zealand, where she still owns a home. O'Connor married New Zealand native and restaurant manager Steve Muir on October 14, 2000. They have a son, Miles William Muir (born September 22, 2001). The couple divorced in 2005. O'Connor became involved with Jed Sura, an actor she met while filming " Enter" in 2003 and later "Diamonds and Guns" in 2004. She and Sura have a daughter, Iris Sura O'Connor (born March 19, 2006).

O'Connor is an accomplished artist, with a showing at the Submerged Art Gallery in Los Angeles, June 2005. She is also proficient in several forms of martial arts, including Taekwondo and Shinkendo, as well as the use of the Karate Bō Staff, the Nunchaku, the Sais, and the Japanese Kumori Katana.


Michael Hurst

Michael Eric Hurst (born 20 September 1957, in Lancashire, England) is a New Zealand actor, director and writer. He works mostly on stage and television. He is probably best known for playing in the television programs "" and "".

Hurst is the oldest of three brothers. When he was seven his family moved to Christchurch, New Zealand. He studied at Papanui High School. After high school, he went to the University of Canterbury but for only one year.

He married New Zealand actress Jennifer Ward-Lealand in 1988. They have two sons: Jack Louis Ward Hurst, born in 1997, and Cameron Lane Ward Hurst, born in 1999.

In 2003, Hurst received the Laureate Award from the Arts Foundation of New Zealand. He was later made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2005 "for services to film and the theatre".


4 Baruch

4 Baruch, also called "Paraleipomena of Jeremiah" ("Paralipomena Jeremiae"), contains the Rest of the Words of Baruch and the Epistle of Jeremy. 

This religious text is said to be a part of the Old Testament by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. Other Christian denominations do not include in the Bible. 


Erbium

Erbium () is an element on the periodic table. Its symbol is Er. Its atomic number is 68 which means it has 68 protons in an atom. It is a lanthanide and, along with yttrium, terbium, and ytterbium, is one of the four elements to be named after the town of Ytterby in Sweden, all of which are rare earth elements.


Trauma Center (series)

The Trauma Center series is a series of video games that are electronic games played on a video screen. They were released for the Nintendo DS and Wii game consoles. It is a medical simulator starring a doctor named Derek Stiles and a nurse named Angie Thompson who operate on patients. They often have to fight a deadly disease called "GUILT". 


Robert Downey Jr.

Robert John Downey Jr. (born April 4, 1965) is an American actor. One of his most famous roles is Tony Stark in the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" (2008-2019). He played Lewis Strauss in the 2023 Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer". He won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and BAFTA Award for this role.

Downey was born in Manhattan, New York City, the younger of two children. His father, Robert Downey Sr. (1936 - 2021), was an actor, writer, producer, cinematographer, and director of underground films, and his mother, Elsie (nee Ford) (1934 - 2014), was also an actress and appeared in Downey, Sr.'s movies. His paternal grandfather was of Lithuanian Jewish ancestry and his paternal grandmother was of Irish Canadian and Hungarian Jewish ancestry. His mother is of Scottish, English, German, and Swiss German ancestry. His father was born "Robert Elias", and changed his last name to "Downey" (after his stepfather James Downey), when he was a minor and wanted to enlist in the Army. He and his older sister, Allyson, grew up in Greenwich Village. 


Heart and Souls

Heart and Souls is a 1993 movie.

The movie starts with the lives of four people. Harrison is a singer who is very shy and can not sing in front of other people. Milo, who is a con artist, tries to get a sheet of stamps he stole from a kid back but fails. Penny is a single mother who has three children to support. Julia loves her boyfriend but can not decide whether to live with him or not, since the boyfriend recently bought a farm for them to live on. All four of them get on a bus. The bus driver, Hal, crashes the bus and all of them are killed.

All four of them are "tied" to a birth of a baby boy named Thomas in a car that was driving near the bus. They must stay within a certain distance of him and cannot leave him. As Thomas grows up, his parents and teachers are very worried that he is talking to "imaginary people," since only Thomas can see the four people. Harrison, Milo, Penny, and Julia soon decide to disappear and not be a part of Thomas' life anymore.

Years later, Thomas has grown into a man that handles bankrupt companies. The four of them are still attached and have no choice but to follow him wherever he goes. Soon, Hal comes down and tells them they all need to go up to heaven. However, all four of them have not yet tied up all the loose ends in their lives. They learn that Thomas is supposed to help them resolve everything on Earth before they leave. They make themselves visible to Thomas and tell him he needs to help, but refuses at first. He agrees to do whatever they want after they take over his body – their new power as ghosts – and make him do crazy things at a board meeting.

Milo is the first one to finish up his life. Through Thomas, he breaks into a house and steals the stamps. He then gives it back to the kid from whom he stole it from, who is now an adult. The bus driver then comes down and sends him to heaven. Penny wants to know what happened to her children. Her friend has contact with her daughters, but lost contact of her adopted son years ago. The adoption records are sealed and only the adopted children themselves can ask for a court order.

Instead, Thomas decides to fulfill Harrison's last wish, which is to sing. Thomas breaks into a concert hosted by Billie King and sings the national anthem through Harrison. Afterwards, he is arrested by the police and pays money so he can get out of jail. Hal comes to pick Harrison up. Earlier in the movie, Thomas had told his girlfriend Anne that he could not come to the concert. After the concert is over, Anne and Thomas fight about it.

Thomas is mad and backs up very fast and hits a police officer's car, which turns out to be the same one that had arrested him earlier. The officer is very angry at first. He starts to sing a song to comfort his son. Penny recognizes the song as the one she used to sing to her son and realizes that the police officer is her son. Through Thomas, she hugs him and then happily goes to heaven.

Finally, Julia wants to know what happened to her boyfriend. She writes a note that says that she loves him. They go to the farm that he had bought. However, when they get there, they find that the boyfriend died a few years ago. Julia is upset. Hal comes to pick Julia up, but Thomas asks him to stall for time. Julia finally believes her purpose is to Thomas to never let happen what happened to her – to lose a partner. She tells him to tell Anne that he loves her. She then goes up to heaven.

Entertainment Weekly

Entertainment Weekly is a magazine published by Time Warner in the United States. It has articles about movies, television, music, books, and popular culture. It contains news and reviews, and does not focus on celebrities. The first issue of "Entertainment Weekly" was in 1990. In 2003, its circulation was 1,635,623 copies.

International Standard Serial Number

An International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) is an eight-digit number used to identify a print or electronic periodical publication. The ISSN system was first created known as international standard ISO 3297 in 1975. The ISO subcommittee TC 46/SC 9 is responsible for the standard.

Synonym (taxonomy)

Synonyms in taxonomy are similar to normal synonyms, there are two (or more than two) names for the same thing in a scientific classification. For example, the cat has a few scientific names in: "Felis silvestris catus", "Felis catus", and "Felis catus domestica".

In botany, the word "synonym" has a special meaning. There is one "correct name", and the other names are synonyms. For example, "Daemonorops draco" is the correct name of a species of palm trees, and "Calamus draco" is a synonym for the same species.

In zoology, there is one "valid name" and the others are "junior synonyms".


Circulation

Circulation may be used in reference to:


Saint-Julien-du-Serre

Saint-Just-d'Ardèche

Saint-Just-d'Ardèche is a "commune" in the Ardèche département in southern France. Before 1911, it was named as "Saint-Just".

Saint-Just-d'Ardèche is in the south of the Ardèche département, found on the shore of the Rhône River, between the Drôme and the Gard "département".

Saint-Martin-sur-Lavezon

Saint-Laurent-les-Bains

Saint-Laurent-les-Bains is a former commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Laurent-les-Bains-Laval-d'Aurelle.

Saint-Laurent-sous-Coiron

Saint-Marcel-d'Ardèche

Saint-Marcel-d'Ardèche is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche

Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche is a commune in the "département" of Ardèche in south France.

This village is at the south entrance of the Ardèche Canyon, the "Gorges de l'Ardèche".

Saint-Maurice-d'Ardèche

Saint-Maurice was built around a Benedictine convent in the 11th century. The commune changed its name many times. Before the French Revolution the name was "Saint-Maurice-Terlin" (contraction of "Terre à lin" - Land of Flax) because the inhabitants grew flax. The village then became "Saint Maurice Torsinet" in 1793. Eight years later, in 1801, the name was changed again, first to "Saint-Maurice-en-Lanas" then
"Saint-Maurice-et-Lanas". In 1846 it was simply "Saint-Maurice". The current name, "Saint-Maurice-d'Ardèche" appeared between 1846 and 1861. It is because the commune is close to the river "Ardèche".

The village is between the communes of Aubenas and Ruoms. It is close to the river "Ardèche". There are many vineyards there.

Saint-Maurice-d'Ibie

Saint-Maurice-d'Ibie is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Michel-de-Boulogne

Saint-Michel-de-Chabrillanoux

Saint-Mélany

Saint-Mélany is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.

Saint-Laurent-du-Pape

Saint-Laurent-du-Pape is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Europium

Europium is a chemical element. It has the symbol Eu on the periodic table. It has an atomic number 63 which means it has 63 protons in one atom. It was named after the continent Europe. Its compounds can fluoresce, or glow under ultraviolet light.It costs $6700/KG. In the periodic table it stands next to samarium and gadolinium.

Color: Silvery White
Melting point: 826 degrees Celsius
Discovery Date: 1901


Saint-Paul-le-Jeune

Saint-Paul-le-Jeune is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Pierre-Saint-Jean

Saint-Pierre-de-Colombier

Saint-Pierre-la-Roche

Saint-Pons, Ardèche

Saint-Pons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Priest, Ardèche

Saint-Priest is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Privat, Ardèche

Saint-Privat is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Remèze

Saint-Remèze is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzières

Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut

Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut is a commune of the Ardèche "département", in southern France.

The rivers Eyrieux, Gluyere and Auzène flow through the town.

Saint-Sernin, Ardèche

Saint-Sernin is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Promethium

Promethium is a synthetic radioactive chemical element that has the symbol Pm on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 61 which means it has 61 protons in its atom. It is the only synthetic element in the Lanthanide group as all its isotopes are radioactive. Together with Technetium, these are the only two radioactive elements below lead. Most Promethium is artificially produced. The longest-living isotope of promethium is Pm, with a half-life of 17.7 years. 

Promethium is used in the illuminated digits of some clocks, its Beta Radiation may be used to measure thickness. 


Praseodymium

Praseodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol Pr on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 59 which means it has 59 protons in an atom. It is a soft silvery metal that can be used to make yellow-green salts. It is mixed with magnesium to produce strong metal used in aircraft engines. It can also be used to color green glass, and is in electrodes in lights. Praseodymium was first isolated (separated from other elements) in 1885 by the Austrian chemist Carl Auer von Welsbach. It is found in sands, called monazite sands, of Florida, California, India, and Brazil.

Neodymium

Neodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol Nd on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 60 which means it has 60 protons in an atom. Neodymium can be combined with other elements like iron and boron to create the very strong neodymium magnet, these magnets can lift up to 1000 times their own weight. Neodymium is a metal that forms a coating of oxide around itself when it is placed in air. It is usually used as neodymium magnets for hard disk drives.

Though neodymium is called a rare earth metal, it is quite common, as common as nickel, cobalt or copper. Like every metal, neodymium is very shiny. It is a solid that melts at 1,024 degrees Celsius, or 1,875 degrees Fahrenheit. Neodymium is in a group of other elements called lanthanides, which are like each other in how they behave. When neodymium is dropped into water, it slowly changes into neodymium hydroxide, if the water or the neodymium itself is hot enough, the change is much faster, and the neodymium may explode. In the air, if the neodymium is hot enough, it can catch fire. Like every other metal, neodymium usually wants to get rid of its electrons, so the compounds it forms are usually with elements that want electrons, as oxygen does.

The neodymium magnets used to make hard disk drives do not weaken over time: they are permanent magnets. They can also be used in microphones or speakers. Electric guitars may use these magnets inside their pickups.

Samarium

Samarium is a chemical element that has the symbol Sm on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 62 which means it has 62 protons in an atom. 

Neptunium

Neptunium is a chemical element that has the symbol Np on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 93 which means it has 93 protons and electrons in its atoms. It is named after the planet Neptune in the same way as Uranium is named after the planet Uranus. 

Neptunium was discovered in the year of 1940 by two men named Edwin McMillan and Phillip H. Abelson at Berkeley Radiation Center of the University of California. It was created by fusing Hydrogen nuclei called protons into the element Uranium.

Neptunium is a radioactive silvery-metallic element that is part of a group of elements called the Actinides, which it shares many similarities to. Its melting point is 637 degrees Celsius, its boiling point is 4000 degrees Celsius, and its atomic mass is 237.

It oxidizes very quickly with multiple different oxidation states. It also bonds with halides and even alkali metals. 

Since all isotopes of neptunium have half-lives that are many times shorter than the age of the Earth, any neptunium that was made when the earth was formed should have decayed by now. After only about 80 million years, the concentration of even the longest-lived isotope, Np, would have been reduced to less than one-trillionth (10) of its original amount.

List of WWE pay-per-view events

This is a chronological list of pay-per-views promoted by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Each month, WWE holds one or two annual pay-per-view events. One event is usually three hours long and features six to twelve matches. Pay-per-view events are a big part of how the WWE earns money.

In the table below, NXT TakeOver: Toronto and NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn are marked with asterixes. This is because this will be the third event in the NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn series which is a branch of the NXT TakeOver series. The table also includes WWE Network events.

Many people believe wrongly that the first WWE, then known as the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), pay-per-view was November 1985's The Wrestling Classic. This was a tournament held at the Rosemont Horizon near Chicago. The first WrestleMania event, in March of the same year, was on pay-per-view in some areas. The first two WrestleManias earned much money. After WrestleMania III became one of the best events in wrestling history, the WWF then decided to have more pay-per-views.

The first Survivor Series event took place on November 29 1987. It was shown at the same time as NWA's Starrcade which was thought to be the biggest yearly event for NWA. The WWF informed cable companies that if they were showing Starrcade, they would not be allowed to show future WWF events. Most companies showed Survivor Series. Because of this, Starrcade did not make much money that year. This is thought to be the start of many problems for Jim Crockett Promotions.

The first Royal Rumble in January 1988 was shown on the USA Network. It had the highest rating in the network's history up until that time. The event became a pay-per-view the next year.

The first SummerSlam was held in Madison Square Garden in August 1988. These four events - the Royal Rumble in January, WrestleMania in March or April, SummerSlam in August, and Survivor Series in November - were the only annual pay-per-view offerings (other than the King of the Ring) from the WWF until 1995. After World Championship Wrestling (WCW) started showing more pay-per-views, the WWF increased the number of pay-per-views it showed. At first, the WWF used the name In Your House for its new shows. Beginning in 1996, it began using other names along with the In Your House name (such as Bad Blood and No Way Out). This was done to avoid confusion. By the end of February of 1999, the In Your House name was no longer used.

Both companies increased the number of pay-per-views until they each had one pay-per-view event each month. From the late '90s until 2003, World Wrestling Entertainment had a once-a-month pay-per-view schedule. The pay-per-view events in the United States can be bought through iN DEMAND, Dish Network or DirecTV.

Up until 2003, the WWE ran two pay-per-views a year which were only shown in the United Kingdom. After the brand extension, they stopped doing these two events. Instead of the UK events, they did international tours which were taped for television. Currently, WWE has the WrestleMania Revenge tour, after WrestleMania, at the beginning of the year and the Survivor Series tour, at the end of the year, in the UK. Each includes a RAW, SmackDown!, and an ECW taping.

In Australia, WWE's pay-per-views are shown on Main Event. In the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, some pay-per-views are shown on Sky Sports 1 and others on Sky Box Office.

Starting with the 2008 Royal Rumble, all WWE pay-per-views were broadcast in High-definition.

In June 2003, WWE decided to only use people from one brand extension for many of its pay-per-views. Only the Royal Rumble, WrestleMania, SummerSlam and Survivor Series events used people from different brands. WrestleMania and The Royal Rumble were the only events with wrestlers from different brands competing against each other. This allowed WWE to show more pay-per-view events, such as Cyber Sunday and The Great American Bash. From late 2005, they decided to change this and matches with people from different brands were shown more often. In March 2007, it said they would stop only using one brand on each pay-per-view. All of its pay-per-views would have matchs from all three brands. The one-brand-only events were:

WWE Backlash
WWE Judgment Day 
WWE The Great American Bash
WWE Unforgiven
WWE No Mercy
WWE Cyber Sunday
WWE Armageddon
WWE Fatal 4 Way
WWE No Way Out


Terbium

Terbium is a chemical element that has the symbol Tb on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 65 which means it has 65 protons in an atom. Its compounds fluoresce green in ultraviolet light. The metal can burned in air to form an oxide. It is a lanthanide and, along with yttrium, erbium, and ytterbium, is one of the four elements to be named after the town of Ytterby in Sweden, all of which are rare earth elements.

Sainte-Marguerite-Lafigère

Sainte-Eulalie, Ardèche

Sainte-Eulalie is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Serre

Saint-Étienne-de-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Lugdarès

Saint-Étienne-de-Lugdarès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Symphorien-sous-Chomérac

Saint-Vincent-de-Barrès

Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort

Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Boulogne

Saint-Étienne-de-Boulogne is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Fontbellon

Saint-Étienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Uesugi Harunori

Today, Uesugi is best remembered for his financial changes in his domain. He is often used as an example of a good governor of a domain. Yonezawa had been in debt for about a hundred years when Uesugi took over. Shigesada had thought about returning the domain to the shogunate because of the debt. His his father-in-law, the daimyo of Owari province, told him he should resign as daimyo instead of this. This is how Uesugi came to be daimyo of Yonezawa. He created strict disciplinary measures. Several of his "karō" (advisers) did not think his plans were good. He had these people killed. Because of many of the changes he caused, Yonezawa became prosperous. It also did not suffer much from the famine in Japan in the Tenmei era (1781-9). In 1830, less than a decade after Harunori's death, the shogunate said that Yonezawa was a paragon of a well-governed domain.

Uesugi's beliefs about governance and how a feudal lord show act were written in a letter to his son Haruhiro:
This means:

Dornas

Dornas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

La Rochette, Ardèche

La Rochette is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Labatie-d'Andaure

Labatie-d'Andaure is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Lachapelle-sous-Chanéac

Lemps, Ardèche

Lemps is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Mars, Ardèche

Mars is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Monestier, Ardèche

Monestier is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Lafarre, Ardèche

Lafarre is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Étables

Étables is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southern France.

Siachen Glacier

The Siachen Glacier is in the eastern Karakoram range in the Himalaya Mountains along the disputed India-Pakistan interim border at approximately . Siachen Glacier was the Land of Wild Roses before it became a battle field. It is the longest glacier in the Karakoram and second longest in the world's non-polar areas. It ranges from an altitude of 5,753 m (18,875 ft) above sea level at its source at Indira Col (pass) on the China border to its snout at 3,620 m (11,875 ft)

The Siachen War started on April 13, 1984. It has shown that the climatic conditions has killed the soldiers more than the enemy's attack. It is in the northern part of Kashmir. Muslim-majority Kashmir is at the heart of this hostility between India and Pakistan and was the cause of two of their three wars (the third was over the founding of Bangladesh). Indian and Pakistani forces, estimated to number between 10,000 and 20,000 troops combined, have faced off against each other ever since in these treacherous mountains above the Siachen glacier in the Karakoram range since 1984. The no-man's-land of Siachen is 20,000 feet (6,000 metres) above sea level. Military experts say the inhospitable climate and avalanche-prone terrain have claimed more lives than gunfire. The strategic importance of the glacier is debatable, military experts say. Until 1984, neither side had troops there. Both countries agree on a need to demilitarise the glacier, but neither side wants to take the first step. India controls the heights and is loath to withdraw for fear Pakistan might walk in. India says it is unwilling to bring its forces down until Pakistan officially authenticates the positions they hold. Pakistan has said it is willing to do so on the condition that it is not a final endorsement of India's claim over the glacier, a source of melt water for Pakistan's rivers.

Biblical canon

The Bible is a collection of texts. These texts are usually called "books". There are different versions of the Bible. These versions come from communities that include parts they find important and leave out other parts they think are less important. A Biblical canon is a set of books of the Bible that a certain movement considers Scripture (that is, inspired by God).

These books are in almost all Christian Bibles. Some Bibles contain other books as well.

These books were written before the birth of Jesus Christ.


These books were written after the birth of Jesus Christ.



Bengal monitor

Bengal monitor ("Varanus bengalensis"), also known as the common Indian monitor, is a monitor lizard found throughout Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. It measures up to 75 cm in body length with the tail about 100 cm in length. It feeds on small terrestrial vertebrates, ground birds and their eggs, arthropods and fish.

Chamaeleo zeylanicus

The Indian Chameleon, "Chamaeleo zeylanicus" is a species of chameleon found in Sri Lanka, India and other parts of South Asia. Like other chameleons, this species has a long tongue, feet that are shaped into bifid claspers and a prehensile tail. Its two eyes can move in different directions at the same time. It also can change the colour of its skin. They move slowly with a bobbing or swaying movement and are usually arboreal. Strangely, although they can change color, they may not be able to see differences in colour. They are usually in shades of green or brown or with bands. They can change colour quickly. The main reason for colour change is for communication with other chameleons and for controlling body temperature. By changing to dark colours, their bodies absorb heat.

Nozières, Ardèche

Nozières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Ozon, Ardèche

Ozon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Préaux, Ardèche

Préaux is a commune in the Ardèche "department" in south France.

Petanque

Petanque is a game played by many people, especially in France. It is played on a level surface which can be covered with gravel of varying sizes.Boules [metal balls] are thrown along this terrain. The game is played between two teams. Each team has three players [triples] with 2 boules each. At the start of the game, a small ball [coche or jack] is thrown. Each player stands in a circle and tries to throw a larger ball [boule] so that it lands close to the coche.The team having their boule or boules closest to the coche at the first end takes the points. Play continues until one team reaches 13.
In a doubles game each player has 3 boules. 

Saint-Barthélemy-le-Plain

Saint-Barthélemy-le-Meil

Saint-Barthélemy-Grozon

Saint-Apollinaire-de-Rias

Saint-Andéol-de-Fourchades

Saint-Andéol-de-Fourchades is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.

Saint-André-en-Vivarais

Saint-André-en-Vivarais is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Limp Bizkit

Limp Bizkit is an American nu metal band from Jacksonville, Florida. They were formed in 1994. Fred Durst is the vocalist.

They were on hiatus, but reformed in 2009, and have played festivals since. They have sold around 35 million records around the world.

The band reunited in 2021, and have been going ever since then.





XChat

XChat was a popular IRC client. It was open source, but its Windows port was shareware. It was replaced by HexChat in 2015.



Status Quo

Status Quo, also known as The Quo or just Quo, is a rock band from England. They were called "The Status Quo" in late 1967, and settled on the name "Status Quo" in 1970. They have recorded over 60 chart hits in the UK, and have sold a total of 118 million records worldwide. They have also had a total of 33 hit albums in the UK charts - more than any other band other than the Rolling Stones. Their hayday was in the early to mid '70's with hits like Caroline, Whatever You Want, and Down Down. They formed in 1962, changed their name to The Status Quo in 1967 and to Status Quo in 1969.

Although sometimes criticized for a repetitive and apparently simple guitar riff sequence and harmonies on many of their numbers, their musical versatility can be heard in some of their earlier or less well-known numbers, such as Ice in the Sun, Pictures of Matchstick Men and Forty-Five Hundred Times. The latter probably highlights, more than any other, Rossi and Parfitt's talent for close vocal and guitar harmonies, which owe much to the English folk and folk/rock genres. Whether intentional or not this has become their hallmark.

Status Quo famously opened the Live Aid concert in 1985 with 'Rocking All Over the World' - the then largest live television broadcast ever.

Rick Parfitt died in 2016 from sepsis in Spain.


Funkadelic

Funkadelic was a funk band from the United States. They were formed in 1970.

Iron Butterfly

Iron Butterfly is a Psychedelic rock band from San Diego, California. They were formed in 1966.

Freenode

freenode (known before as Open Projects Network), is an IRC network. It is used to discuss peer-directed projects. The freenode servers can all be used from the domain name chat.freenode.net. This automatically switches the user to one of the actual servers in use. As of 2010, it was the largest free and open source software-focused IRC network. It had more than 70,000 users and 40,000 channels.

freenode began as a 4-person Linux support channel called #LinPeople on EFnet. EFnet was another IRC network. By 1995 it had moved from being just a channel to its own network, irc.linpeople.org. In early 1998 it changed to Open Projects Net (OPN0). It had about 200 users and under 20 channels.

On June 24, 2006, a user with the nickname "ratbert" managed to get the staff rights of Rob Levin (lilo) and took control of the network. It is believed that around 25 user passwords were stolen because of this. This user K-lined many freenode staff members. Most freenode servers went down for several hours because of this.

The network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open source projects. Channels which are not related to these things are off-topic on freenode. They are encouraged to find a home somewhere else. To support this, channels are divided. On-topic channels begin with a single #. Groups who want to use one of these channels must officially register with freenode. Off-topic channels begin with ##. These can be used without a group registration.

Dice snake

The Dice snake ("Natrix tessellata") is a European non-venomous snake belonging to the family of Colubridae, subfamily Natricinae.

The Dice snake lives a lot in eastern Europe and western Asia, though not as much as the grass snake. Only one species, "N.t.heinrothi", is recognized, from the island of Serpilor (Osrov Zminyi) in the Black Sea. Dice snakes are better in water and they have a more slender body. They are mostly able to see easily in a woodland or desert, and sometimes in mountain streams. They usually eat fish, and sometimes they may also eat amphibians. The dice snake is a bit shy. They may grow up to 90 cm long, and has a brown or grey colouring. Although Dice snakes can be seen in Asia, they do not live a lot on Crete. Dice snakes do not have any venom. They can let out a very bad smell, however, for defense. Another thing they use for defending themselves is playing dead. Dice snakes go into dry holes next to the water, and sleep from October to April. This is called hibernating.

The Dice snake lives in Europe and Asia:
Lebanon, Palestine, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, France, Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Serbia, Italy, Czech Republic, Poland, Albania, Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary, Turkey, Greece, Cyprus, Afghanistan, Russia, Ukraine, Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Yemen, Egypt, Pakistan, and China.

The Cars

The Cars are an American rock band from Boston. The band was formed in 1976. Their music is driven by rhythm guitar and features keyboards.


They also released six compilation albums.

Mibbit

Mibbit is an online IRC client that is free of charge. It was made in JavaScript and Ajax. Mibbit was originally released in 2007 and was updated in 2008. It can be embedded into a website easily.



Holmium

Holmium () is a chemical element with the symbol Ho and atomic number 67. Part of the lanthanide series, holmium is a relatively soft and malleable silvery-white metallic element, which is stable in dry air at room temperature. A rare earth metal, it is found in the minerals monazite and gadolinite.

Gabrielle (Xena: Warrior Princess)

Gabrielle is a fictional character in "", played by Renée O'Connor. She is referred to, by fans, as the Battling Bard of Potidaea. Her trademark weapons are the Amazon fighting staff and the sai.

Renée O'Connor was chosen to play the role after she impressed producers with her role in the "" television movie "The Lost Kingdom".

Her name is the feminine of Gabriel, from the Hebrew, which means "messenger of God". That is the name of the chief of Archangels, and during the show, Gabrielle becomes an Archangel. While Gabrielle is typically a French given name, it has a grammatically correct Greek feminine ending and contains no anti-Greek sounds (pronounced as Gab-ree-el-lay). Also, the Greek version of "Gabrielle" is Γαβριήλα, (Gavrila).

In the two musical episodes, Gabrielle's singing voice was provided by Susan Wood.

Gabrielle joins Xena in the first episode as her traveling partner and sidekick, and remains with her until the end of the show. It is this partnership which forms the premise of the show.

When they meet, Gabrielle is a young, innocent, and idealistic scholar. She studies maps and the stars, reads mythology, writes stories, and dreams of traveling beyond her village to see the world. She wants to be a traveling bard. She also has strong ethical beliefs. She believes in the essential goodness of every person and is willing to put her life on the line for that.

In stark contrast, Xena is cynical, hard, and world-weary. Xena has killed thousands of people and, overcome with guilt, is returning home, perhaps to give up her own life. But on seeing Gabrielle's willingness to sacrifice herself for others, she is inspired to spend the rest of her life redeeming herself, and this becomes the driving theme throughout the show. Together they embark on an arduous, spirited adventure lasting over 30 years. Gabrielle acts as Xena's guiding light, keeping her dark memories at bay and reminding her of the goodness that she had once possessed. In return, Xena provides Gabrielle with travel and great adventures, teaches her about survival and the fighting arts, and acts as her protector, both physically and spiritually.

Gabrielle's story is one of growing up. Life with Xena is extreme in many ways, and traveling together often proves more dangerous than she had initially bargained for. Their friendship grows quickly, and they both overcome doubts, grief, loss of hope, and even death. As a burgeoning warrior, Gabrielle becomes more useful to Xena in combat and is increasingly treated as an equal. Eventually they learn that their destiny is woven together, in this and all future lives.

By the end of the series, when Xena dies and in the process finally redeems herself, Gabrielle has been transformed into a tough and courageous leader, a woman of the world, and a great warrior in her own right.

When Gabrielle first meets the Warrior Princess, Xena, she is a farm girl living in the village of Potidaea. She and her sister Lila, along with several other village girls, have been kidnapped by the men of the warlord, Draco, to be sold as slaves. Xena intervenes and rescues them. Awed by her fighting skills, Gabrielle decides that she wants to become a warrior too. She also wants to avoid the marriage that her parents, Herodotus and Hecuba, have arranged for her with her childhood friend Perdicas. Gabrielle insists on following an initially reluctant Xena on the road. The two women soon develop a strong bond of love and friendship. Over the six years of the series, Gabrielle evolves from a naive, idealistic teenager into a fully fledged, but deeply conflicted warrior fighting alongside Xena.

Gabrielle becomes an Amazon when she defends a dying Amazon Princess during an ambush. Before she dies, the Princess Terreis passes her "right of caste" to Gabrielle, and Gabrielle inherits her rank and possessions. This leaves Gabrielle the heiress presumptive to the Amazon Queen, Melosa. Melosa's adopted daughter Velasca, becomes a rival for the position of Queen of the Amazons after Melosa's death, but Velasca's schemes (which include aspirations to godhood) are foiled by Xena and Gabrielle. As Gabrielle wishes to travel with Xena rather than rule the Amazons, she appoints her friend Ephiny to act as Amazon Queen in her place.

Gabrielle learns how to fight with a fighting staff from the Amazons. With Xena's encouragement, she develops a philosophy of fighting for the Greater Good without killing.

About a year after meeting Xena, Gabrielle encounters Perdicas again and decides to marry him. The morning after their wedding, he is murdered by Xena's nemesis, Callisto. Gabrielle's grief and anger tests her ideals of reverence for life, but she nonetheless resists the impulse to kill Callisto. During this period, Gabrielle's strong commitment to peacemaking and compassion often serves as a counterbalance to Xena's warrior nature.

When helping to defend Britannia against Caesar, Gabrielle comes into contact with an evil cult that tricks her into killing one of its priestesses, Meridian. The loss of Gabrielle's "blood innocence" enables the evil god Dahak to impregnate her. After a pregnancy that lasts only a few days, Gabrielle gives birth to a girl she names Hope. After becoming convinced that the baby is simply a vessel for Dahak, Xena wants to kill Hope. Gabrielle manages to save her daughter by putting her in a basket and sending her downriver.

Several months later, Gabrielle finds Hope again, now looking like a nine-year-old, and already in the process of helping her father, Dahak, implement his plan to take over the world. Hope allies herself with Xena's enemy, Callisto. In revenge for Xena's attempt to kill her as a baby, Hope murders Xena's son, Solan. This forces Gabrielle to accept that Hope is indeed evil. She kills her daughter by giving her poison, an act that continues to haunt Gabrielle throughout the series. She holds herself responsible for Solan's death, as well as for betraying Xena a second time, even after reconciliation with Xena is effected through their musical journey in the Land of Illusia. When she once again encounters Hope, who was saved from the funeral pyre by her father, Gabrielle sacrifices herself to save Xena by jumping into a lava pit and taking Hope with her. Gabrielle mysteriously survives the fall, and is later reunited with Xena. It is later revealed that Ares saved Gabrielle, with plans to use her as a bargaining chip against Xena.

After her first kill, and the traumatic events with Hope that followed it, Gabrielle temporarily embraces complete pacifism as an alternative to fighting by Xena's side. She and Xena travel barefoot on pilgrimage to India, where they encounter a series of false prophets and gurus, as well as a genuine healer and teacher, Eli. Eli claims to have found enlightenment and Gabrielle becomes interested in his philosophy of non-violence and inner peace, which he calls the Way of Love. Gabrielle attempts to follow Eli's way, and throws away her staff under his influence. However, when Xena is in the midst of a battle with the Romans in an effort to rescue Gabrielle, Eli, and a group of prisoners, Callisto, uses Xena's own chakram against her, breaking her back. Gabrielle chooses to fight to save Xena and even kills some of the soldiers herself. Before their crucifixion, Gabrielle tells Xena that she had chosen "The Way of Friendship".

After being crucified, Gabrielle and Xena ascend into Heaven, but are soon ambushed by demons. The demons are able to take Gabrielle to Hell, where she comes face to face with the demonic form of Callisto. Xena and a group of Archangels are able to rescue Gabrielle from Hell before Gabrielle can fall to the darkness. She then learns that Xena has taken Callisto's place in Hell. She eventually forgives Callisto for the murder of Perdicas, and that act of forgiveness grants her the right to join the Archangels in battle. During her fight with the demon-Xena, they are restored to life by Eli.

At this time, Gabrielle accepts her new path as a warrior and acquires a pair of sai, which become her signature weapon thereafter. Xena's pregnancy, revealed shortly after the duo's return to life, further forces Gabrielle to fight and sometimes protect Xena. On two occasions, the god of war Ares, impressed by Gabrielle's new warrior skills, tries to recruit her to his side, but Gabrielle always resists.

Gabrielle and Xena sleep in an ice cave for 25 years after Ares places them there because he mistakenly believes they are dead. After waking up, Gabrielle discovers that her parents have been killed by the North African warlord Gurkhan, who has also kidnapped her niece, Sara, for his harem. Around this time, Gabrielle develops a close friendship with Joxer's eldest son Virgil, who shares many of her traits as a bard and warrior. Gabrielle struggles with the issue of seeking vengeance against Gurkhan. She is often troubled by her role as a warrior, particularly when she has to lead her Amazon tribe into a high-casualty battle against a superior army, led by the demigod Bellerophon, to rescue a fellow Amazon queen. Despite the success of the mission, Gabrielle tells Xena, "With each battle, I lose more of myself".

The series' final scene finds her on a ship headed to Egypt, where she intends to continue the fight for the Greater Good, with Xena accompanying her in spirit.

Gabrielle starts the series as a young girl who more or less stands behind Xena, and relies on Xena to protect her. In the course of 10 episodes, she acquires a fighting staff from the Greek Amazons and is a decent fighter with it shortly after. Another 10 episodes later, she displays immensely impressive skills with the staff, taking on numerous soldiers single-handedly, in the attempts to rescue Xena's presumably dead body. Probably what is most impressive, is that two episodes later she blocks an arrow in flight with her staff.

As time goes on, we see Gabrielle not only improve with her abilities with the staff, but as a total warrior as well. As she adds kicks, and minor acrobatics to her fighting, rolling over a hunched over opponent before proceeding to beat them.

While in India, Gabrielle is also thrown through time by a Darsham to save Xena's soul. It is said that their souls are together throughout time. In this next life Xena is the Mother of Peace, Arminestra and Gabrielle is Shakti, a Warrior Prince of India. At the end of season 4, however, is when Gabrielle shows a leap in her warrior abilities. After months of following her path of the Way of Love, Gabrielle picks up the sword of a paralyzed Xena and fights off a large group Roman soldiers with incredible skill. This however sparked concern among fans, who wondered how Gabrielle knew how to use a sword so well. One theory that could make sense is that in her time as a complete non-violent person, Gabrielle as an experienced fighter, no longer had to focus on her fighting and instead watched as Xena fought. At that point, as a seasoned fighter, Gabrielle is able to grow in a dramatic way through observation.

By season 5, we see Gabrielle reach an undisputed status as a warrior, fighting with her sai, incorporating more acrobatic ability, even performing a wall run and back flip. Other than sai and sometimes a new casual staff, she can use a large array of weapons with proficiency. Gabrielle also fights against warriors with notable skill; she defeats the warrior Mavican and stands against Ares and Hades (two gods) in battle for a rather long period before they defeat her. She also fights in a sword duel with Brutus, Caesar's former right hand and one of leaders of Rome, eventually killing him. As previously mentioned, Gabrielle's abilities become noticed by the God of War who seeks her out as his new protégée. It is mentioned later by Gabrielle and numerous others that Xena trained her throughout the years, although there have only been a few episodes that actually show Xena giving her any sort of martial arts training. 
One of Gabrielle's biggest fights of the season is her fight against fellow Amazon queen, Varia. They fight in an enclosed arena in a match in which Eve's life is at stake, and they appeared to be at a stand-off before she is beaten by Varia. Gabrielle takes the loss graciously and continues to grow in skill over the season, regaining the title of supreme Amazon queen very soon.

Gabrielle's bardic skills appear to be natural and self-taught. In the opening episode, she displays a remarkable ability to talk her way out of fearsome or difficult situations: she talks a cyclops out of eating her, and makes an ally of him; talks an old man into giving her a lift; talks a violent crowd out of killing Xena; and talks her way into joining Xena as her traveling partner.

Besides her persuasive ability, she also reads and writes - rare skills for that time, loves to tell stories, and has some musical ability. As she travels with Xena, she records their adventures on a series of scrolls, with an eye for flair and drama. Occasionally her tendency to exaggerate and glamorize the facts gets her into trouble. She is also shown telling stories for money in an inn. In other episodes she wins a place in the Athens City Academy for the Performing Bards, is a famous playwright, is a theatrical director, plays the pan pipes with considerable skill, and is the only person able to recite a magical scroll with the correct accents.

Despite Gabrielle's ascendancy as a warrior, her role as a bard remains important. About a year into her travels with Xena, her scrolls about Xena's exploits begin to gain popularity, apparently helping, according to Ares, turn Xena into a legend. After their 25-year sleep, Gabrielle finds out that her stories had been read as far away as North Africa where they were popular among nomad tribes.

According to an episode set in modern times, Gabrielle's scrolls were preserved for thousands of years and later discovered by modern archeologists. They found their way to Hollywood, where they formed the basis of the television series.

Throughout the course of the series, Gabrielle has a total of 7 regular costumes which become smaller, more conducive to her fighting style as the show progresses and more showing what the fans call "Fab Gab Abs" (Fabulous Gabrielle's Abdominals).








Along with Xena, occasionally, Gabrielle is known to be credited with a variety of discoveries and inventions.


In September 10, 2005, a month after Eris' discovery, its moon was discovered by the adaptive optics team at the Keck telescopes in Hawaii, who was carrying out observations of the four brightest Kuiper belt objects. In addition to its provisional designation , its discoverers (among them Michael E. Brown), informally nicknamed it "Gabrielle", while Eris was nicknamed "Xena". In 2006, the International Astronomical Union has instead given its official name, Dysnomia, which retains a reference to "Xena", as the English translation of Dysnomia, "Lawless", echoes the name of actress Lucy Lawless.

Saint-Basile, Ardèche

Saint-Basile is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Original Six

The Original Six is a well-known term for the group of six teams that composed the National Hockey League (NHL) for the 25 seasons between the 1942-43 NHL season and the 1967 NHL Expansion.


Verona Rupes

Verona Rupes is a cliff on Miranda, a moon of Uranus. The cliff has been estimated at 5 kilometers (3 mi) and 20 kilometers (12.4 mi) high, making it the tallest known cliff in the solar system.
It may have been created by a major impact, which caused the moon to disrupt and reassemble, or by the crust rifting.

Saint-Christol, Ardèche

Saint-Christol is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard

Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Clair, Ardèche

Saint-Clair is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Clément, Ardèche

Saint-Clément is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Cyr, Ardèche

Saint-Cyr is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Désirat

Saint-Désirat is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.

Saint-Félicien, Ardèche

Saint-Félicien is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Genest-Lachamp

Saint-Jacques-d'Atticieux

Saint-Jean-de-Muzols

Saint-Jean-de-Muzols is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Jeure-d'Andaure

Saint-Jeure-d'Andaure is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Julien-Vocance

Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay

Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

The area was settled in 972. The Deûme passes through Saint-Marcel and flows into the Cance with Annonay. Water from these rivers comes from the granitic areas and is very pure. Their patent rights have been recognized for several centuries with the rise of paper mills. The paper mills of Annonay by Montgolfier-Canson formed only two groups in the 18th century from Vidalon and Faya.

In 1805, Jean-Baptiste de Montgolfier was detached from Vidalon to create a factory in Saint-Marcel. Paper production was a large contributor to the rise of the commune and was the main industry for a long period of time. The employees of paper mills were called "les usines", French for factory, and formed the integral part of their culture and life.

The small commune formed only industrial and is residential today, the picturesque buildings mixed with modern buildings.

Saint-Martial, Ardèche

Saint-Martial is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Martin-de-Valamas

Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon

Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

It was the birthplace of Eugène Delacroix (1798—1863), one of the most important of the French Romantic painters.

Saint-Michel-d'Aurance

Saint-Julien-Boutières

Saint-Julien-Boutières is in the Regional Natural Park of the Monts-d'Ardèche ("French: Parc naturel régional des Monts d'Ardèche"). This is known as the "Country of Chestnut trees" ("French: Le Pays des Châtaigners").

In the Middle Ages, the commune was called "Châteauneuf en Boutières". During the French Revolution, it was renamed "Bout d'Erieu", then in 1793, "Bout-d'Hesrieux". In 1801, the village was named Saint-Julien-Boutières in memory of a Roman soldier who became a Christian. He was martyred in Brioude in the Haute-Loire department. 
The commune of Intres was a hamlet of Saint-Julien-Boutières until 1911.

There are 11 hamlets which are part of the commune of Saint-Julien-Boutières:


Soulcalibur II

Soulcalibur II is a fighting video game made by Namco for the Arcades, as well as the GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox game consoles. It is the third game in the "Soulcalibur" series of video games. Each version has its own exclusive guest character. The GameCube version has Link from Nintendo's "The Legend of Zelda" series, Heihachi Mishima from Namco's "Tekken" series of video games, and Todd McFarlane's Spawn from the comic book "Spawn".

Lilian Garcia

Lilian Annette García (born August 19, 1966) is an American singer and ring announcer for the SmackDown brand of WWE.

Garcia released an album titled, "¡Quiero Vivir!".

The Orange Box

The Orange Box is a video game compilation for Microsoft Windows, the Xbox 360, and the PlayStation 3. The Windows and 360 versions were made by Valve Corporation, and the PS3 version was made by Electronic Arts. It has five games on it - "Half-Life 2", "" (an expansion of "Half-Life 2"), "" (another expansion of "Half-Life 2"), "Portal", and "Team Fortress 2". The first two were released outside of "The Orange Box", but the other three first appeared in it.

Notes

Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles

Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles, known in Japan as , is an on-rails shooting video game made by Capcom for the Wii game console. It's the seventh main game in Capcom's "Resident Evil" series.

Resident Evil Code: Veronica

Resident Evil Code: Veronica, released in Japan as , is a survival horror video game made by Capcom for the Sega Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, and Nintendo GameCube game consoles. It's the fourth main game in the "Resident Evil" series. It was also the first in the series to release on consoles other than a PlayStation made by Sony.

Citizendium

Citizendium (short for the citizens' compendium) is an English-language wiki-based online encyclopedia launched by Larry Sanger in 2007. On this wiki, people have to use their given names and must request an account to prove they are real. Articles created by Citizendium editors are under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. As of September 2020, Citizendium has 17,000 articles and 149 approved articles.

When Citizendium started, experts were given a special status: they were allowed to "approve" articles and were able to decide who is right when there are conflicts over the content in the encyclopedia. As of 2020, the former "experts" policy is in limbo, as the membership of the wiki is too small to implement it and because it was deemed not effective. All writers are treated as equal.

The server which runs the website costs money to run. The only way the wiki can stay active is if members donate money, or if Citizendium can find a group or organization that can provide funds.

Citizendium is now a small community. In early 2022, it had around ten contributors making at least one edit a month. The managing editors in 2022 are Pat Palmer and John Stephenson.


Resident Evil 5

Resident Evil 5, known in Japan as , is a survival horror video game that was made by Capcom for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 game consoles. It is the seventh game in the "Resident Evil" video game series for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It was released on March 5, 2009 in Japan and on March 13, 2009 in North America and Europe for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and on September 2009 for Microsoft Windows.

Körös

Körös (, , ) is a river in eastern Hungary. It is long.

Chicano

A Chicano is a person who has a mixed ancestry and/or citizenship of the United States and usually Mexico. Often, Chicano and Mexican-American are used to mean the same thing. People from Central or South America and United States could also be called Chicano. Chicana is the female version of Chicano. Chicanos often speak in Spanglish.

Chicanos have made contributions to many fields, spanning arts, culture, sports, technology, and politics.


Advance Wars: Days of Ruin

Advance Wars: Days of Ruin, known in PAL regions as Advance Wars: Dark Conflict and in Japan as Famicom Wars DS 2, is a turn-based tactics video game made by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It's a lot different from other games in the series, which are cartoony, while this is gritty and realistic.

Advance Wars: Dual Strike

Advance Wars: Dual Strike, known in Japan as Famicom Wars DS is a turn-based tactics video game made by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It is the sequel to "" for the Game Boy Advance.

Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising

Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising, known in Japan as Game Boy Wars Advance 2, is a turn-based tactics video game made by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance game console. It is the sequel to "Advance Wars", also for the Game Boy Advance. Neither were released on schedule in Japan because of the September 11 attacks. It was later released in 2004 along with the first game as "Game Boy Wars Advance 1+2".

Dark Cloud 2

Dark Cloud 2, name title different in Japan and PAL regions as , is a role-playing video game made by Level-5 and released by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 game console. It is the Spiritual successor for the PlayStation 2. It is sequel to the original "Dark Cloud".

Lando Calrissian

Lando Calrissian is a major character in the "Star Wars" universe. He's played by Billy Dee Williams in "" and "". He appears a lot in the "Star Wars Expanded Universe", including a series of novels called "The Adventures of Lando Calrissian".

Billy Dee Williams

Billy Dee Williams (born April 6, 1937) is an American actor, artist, and writer. He is famous for playing Lando Calrissian in "Star Wars" and Harvey Dent / Two-Face in "Batman" (1989) and "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017).

In a 2019 "Esquire", Williams spoke about having a fluid sense of gender and uses masculine and feminine pronouns.

Lithuanian

Lithuanian might mean:


Latvian

Latvian might mean:


Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux

Saint-Prix, Ardèche

Saint-Prix is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Romain-d'Ay

Saint-Romain-d'Ay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Antwerp Province

Antwerp (, , ) is the northernmost province both of the Flemish Region, also called Flanders, and of Belgium.

Antwerp is largest city of the province and its capital; the Port of Antwerp is part of the city.

The modern province of Antwerp was the old Deux-Nèthes department, created in 1795 during the First French Empire in the northern part of the Duchy of Brabant.

In 1815, during the creation of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the territory became part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands as the province of Central Brabant, distinguishing it from North Brabant and South Brabant. In 1830, after Belgium's independence the province was renamed Antwerp (after its major city and capital).

The province of Antwerp borders on the Netherlands and the Belgian provinces of Limburg, Flemish Brabant and East Flanders.

The province has an area of with a population of about 1,887,000 in 2022.

The northernmost point of the province (and also of Belgium) is in Meersel-Dreef with the coordinates .
The capital and largest city is Antwerp, also the largest city in the Flemish Region.

Its highest point is Beerzelberg, high, in the municipality of Putte, Mechelen district. The lowest point of the province with high, lies in the valley of the Grote Nete river near Lier.

The main river in the province is the Scheldt (Dutch: Schelde, ). Others rivers are Rupel, Grote Nete, Kleine Nete.

The province of Antwerp is divided into three "arrondissements" (Antwerp, Mechelen and Turnhout) and a total of 69 municipalities since 2019.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


Thulium

Thulium (pronounced /ˈθjuːliəm/) is a chemical element that has the symbol Tm and atomic number 69. It is a lanthanide element.


Mendelevium

Mendelevium ()) is a synthetic element with the symbol Md (used to be Mv) and the atomic number 101. It is a metallic radioactive transuranic element of the actinides. 

Mendelevium is created by einsteinium and alpha particles forcefully combining and was named after Dmitri Mendeleev, the creator of the Periodic Table.

The half-life of Mendelevium 258 is 51 days, while the half-life of Mendelevium 256 is 1.17 hours.

The International Commission on Radiological Protection has set annual exposure limits for the most stable isotope. For mendelevium-258, the ingestion limit was set at 9×10 becquerels (1 Bq = 1 decay per second). Given the half-life of this isotope, this is only 2.48 ng (nanograms). The inhalation limit is at 6000 Bq or 16.5 pg (picogram).

Nobelium

Nobelium is a synthetic element with the symbol No and atomic number 102.

It was named in honor of Alfred Nobel.

A radioactive metal, it is the tenth transuranic element and is in the actinide series of the periodic table. Twelve isotopes are known, and they are all short-lasting. 

Baphomet

Baphomet is a name of unknown origin. It first appeared in trial transcripts during the inquisition of the Knights Templar in the early 1300s. Some modern scholars believe the name to have been an Old French corruption and misspelling of the name Mahomet (Muhammad). Nowadays it is generally viewed as a symbol of the Devil.

In the Middle Ages, the Templars were accused of heresy, such as denying Jesus Christ and spitting on the cross. They also said to have worshiped an icon called "Bafomet". Beyond this, little is known about the origins of the Baphomet.

In the 1800s, magician Eliphas Levi interpreted Baphomet as an occult symbol representing perfection, or the union of opposites to create divine harmony. To illustrate his point, he drew it as a goat-headed androgyne with wings, female breasts, a rod between its legs, and a flaming torch between its horns. This was used by people who thought it was Satanic notably in anti-Freemasonry tracts, where some writers accused Masons of worshipping the devil. Many evangelical Christians still believe masonry to be of the devil.

In modern times, Baphomet has been adapted as a symbol by occultists and Satanists. A related symbol (also drawn by Levi) is the Sigil of Baphomet, which is a goat's head drawn inside a five-pointed star. It has become a common icon among heavy metal bands like Slayer and Venom. The Sigil of Baphomet is also the official logo of the Church of Satan.


Europa

Europa may refer to:













Ganymede

Ganymede may refer to:

Raúl Castro

Raúl Modesto Castro Ruz (born June 3, 1931) was the President of the Cuban Council of State and former head of state of Cuba. He was also Second Secretary of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba (PCC), Commander in Chief (Maximum General) of the Armed Forces (Army, Navy, and Air Force) and is the younger brother of Fidel Castro.

On February 24, 2013, Castro announced that his second term would be his final term and that he would not seek re-election in 2018. He officially stepped down on 19 April 2018.

Between 2014 and 2016, Castro would work with President Barack Obama on improving diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba. As a result, the U.S. embargo on Cuba would be lifted and travel/trade restrictions would be lifted as well.

Castro announced at the Eighth Congress of the Communist Party of Cuba, which began on the 16 April, 2021, that he was stepping down as leader of the Communist Party of Cuba.

Talencieux

Talencieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Soyons

Soyons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. Humans have lived on this 30 hectare site for 150,000 years. This means it is the oldest inhabited (lived in) site in France, with remains from all the time periods. Because of Soyons location along the Rhône, at the crossroads of routes, it played a major role in the history of France.

The Paleolithic caves of Greenhouse Guercy provided safe and comfortable living for Neanderthal man. The caves were lived in by man, alternating with large meat eating animals (carnivores) (lions, hyenas and cave bears). Two outdoor areas for the butchering of mammoths, used by the Cro-Magnon Neanderthal people, have been discovered.

Several Neolithic populations lived on the site. In particular, Chalcolithic people buried their dead in burial caves like Grotte des Enfants and Hole Roland, as well as under mounds, such as that of Greenhouse Aurouze.

A Gallic oppidum, a pre-Roman town protected with a fort, was a feature on the massive Malpas and along the Rhone, the site of the Brégoule . This was the home of the tribe Segovellaunes who worshipped the goddess Soïo, and who gave the village its name.

During the Roman period, the Romans built a town on the site of the existing village.

In the Middle Ages, Soyons became a principality, with a royal abbey and a Carolingian church. The village and the plateau are surrounded by ramparts, with corner towers; the Leaning Tower is the remains of the tower of a fort. During the wars of religion the city was besieged and destroyed several times.

Serrières, Ardèche

Serrières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Romain-de-Lerps

Saint-Romain-de-Lerps is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

Saint-Sylvestre, Ardèche

Saint-Sylvestre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Symphorien-de-Mahun

Saint-Victor, Ardèche

Saint-Victor is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Valoux

Sarras, Ardèche

Sarras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Vernoux-en-Vivarais

Vernosc-lès-Annonay

Vion, Ardèche

Vion is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-André-de-Cruzières

Mulhal Mughlan

Mulhal Mughlan is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Lawa, Chakwal

Lawa is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.

Lehr Sultanpur

Lehr Sultanpur is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.

Malcolm Barber

Malcolm Charles Barber (born March 4, 1943) is a scholar of medieval history, described as the world's leading expert on the Knights Templar. He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject, "The Trial of the Templars" (1978) and "The New Knighthood: A History of the Order of the Temple" (1994). He has been an editor for "The Journal of Medieval History" and written many articles on the Templars, the Cathars, various elements of the Crusades, and the reign of Philip IV of France.

Born in 1943, Barber attended Walpole Grammar School in Ealing from 1954 to 1961, followed by the University of Nottingham from 1961 to 1966, where he received his bachelor's degree in 1964. He attended the British School at Rome from 1965 to 1966, and received his PhD in 1968 from the University of Nottingham.

Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK, until his retirement in September 2004.





Knights Templar

The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon (Latin: "Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Salomonici"), commonly known as the Knights Templar or the Order of the Temple (French: Ordre du Temple or Templiers), were among the most famous military orders of Western Christianity. The organization lasted for two centuries in the Middle Ages. It was founded after the First Crusade of 1096, with its original purpose to ensure the safety of the many Christians who made the pilgrimage to Jerusalem after it was taken from the Muslims.

It was officially endorsed by the Roman Catholic Church around 1129, and became a favored charity by many Christians and grew fast in membership and power. Templar knights wore white mantles quartered by a red cross and were among the most skilled fighting units of the Crusades. Those members of the Order that did not fight managed a large economic infrastructure throughout Christendom, innovating financial techniques that were an early form of banking, and building many fortifications throughout the Mediterranean and the Holy Land.

The Templars' success was tied closely to the Crusades; when the Holy Land was lost, support for the Order faded. Rumors about the Templars' secret initiation ceremony created mistrust, and King Philip IV of France, deeply in debt to the Order, began pressuring Pope Clement V to take action against the Order. In 1307, many of the Order's members in France were arrested, tortured into giving false confessions, and then burned at the stake. In 1312, Pope Clement, under continuing pressure from King Philip, disbanded the Order.





Neil Entwistle

Neil Entwistle (born 18 September 1978 in Nottinghamshire, England) is a British convicted double murderer (of his wife and baby girl) who is currently serving two consecutive life sentences in the state of Massachusetts in the United States. A search of Entwistle's computer showed that days before the murders, Entwistle looked at a website that described ""how to kill people"".


Maracanã Stadium

Maracanã Stadium, (Portuguese: "Estádio do Maracanã)" ), officially Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho, is a multi purpose (used for different events) stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It can hold around 78,838 people.

Shea Stadium

William A. Shea Municipal Stadium, or more commonly Shea Stadium (often referred to in short as Shea), was a major league ballpark that was the home for the New York Mets 1964 to 2008 when the Mets left for their new home Citi Field. Shea was also the home of the New York Yankees while Yankee Stadium was being renovated for the 1974 and 1975 seasons. It was demolished between October 14, 2008 and February 18, 2009.

Cellulite

Cellulite is a dimpled appearance of the skin, caused by fat cells pushing against the body's connective tissue. The word "cellulite" only refers to how the skin looks, and does not describe a medical condition.

Cellulite is not related to cellulitis which is a spreading bacterial infection of the skin.

80-90% of women around the world are thought to have cellulite, and most doctors think that it is the "normal condition of many women".
Cellulite is closely linked with female hormones such as estrogen, and rarely appears in men. 
Cellulite is most common on the upper legs (or thighs), buttocks and the abdomen.

The appearance of cellulite has been linked to hormonal changes, changes in diet, stress, and poor blood circulation.
Cellulite has little to do with weight. Both slim people and overweight ones can have cellulite.
Cellulite is often hereditary, meaning that you get it from the genes passed on to you from your parents. This can mean many things because you can inherit your body type, shape, and hormonal function from your parents.
Normal hormone functions can cause or change the appearance of cellulite. Estrogen, prolactin, thyroid hormones, and stress hormones may all play a role.

There are lots of treatments for cellulite reduction, but none have been proven by doctors to be effective. Doctors have stated that "there is no outstanding treatment for cellulite" and that "realistically, there is no cure for cellulite."

BitchX

BitchX is an IRC client. The first public release was in 1996. The latest stable version is 1.1 and was updated in 2004. It is free of charge and was written in C. Its last version has lots of security software bugs and its use is generally discouraged.

In 2010, people started working on BitchX again under the name of 'BitchX2'


Ōkami

A HD version of the game was made for PlayStation 3.

Pokémon Pinball

In 2003, Nintendo released "" on the Game Boy Advance.

Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind

A young princess makes various questions between right or wrong in the world.

The world of is filled with large, carnivorous insects in the poisonous jungle while it grows slowly.

The manga lasted from 1982 and to 1994.

The movie premiered in 1984 and follows the same plot as the manga, but it is less developed. It has several famous English actors, including Patrick Stewart, Uma Thurman, Shia LaBeouf and Mark Hamill. It sold more than 1 million tickets when it came out, and it first came out in North America in the 1980s, but was called "Warriors of the Wind". It was a cut version of the movie, losing 30 minutes of the movie that the editors called "slow-moving", and the voice actors were never told the plot of the movie. The emphasis that the movie had on environmentalism was diluted because of the cuts, and there was next to no character development. Miyazaki dislikes this version of the movie a lot, and made a "no cuts" clause to make sure this doesn't happen again. The uncut version of the movie was re-released in 2005 on DVD, and won a set of 3 film awards in 1985.

Princess Mononoke

This movie takes place in Japan during the Muromachi period. There was a small village in Ezo. People lived peacefully. Ashitaka lived there. One day the evil god attacked the village and Ashitaka was cursed. The evil god was once a god of the forest, but he was shot by human and died in terrible pain. Ashitaka knew when he would die. He went to the west where the bullet which killed the god was made.

On his journey, he met a man called Jikobo. Jikobo told him where the Forest of Shishigami was. Ashitaka decided to go there. On his way to the forest, he met the girl raised by the wolf god, Moro. She was with her family. Ashitaka thought they must know about the forest. He called out to them. She and three big wild wolves disappeared into the forest.

Ashitaka rescues the injured men. They reach the village Tatara, where they live. Eboshi Gozen organized there. People made iron weapons there. She wanted to get the Forest of Shishigami, turn all Gods in the forest out, and make it a men-centered place.

It was said that Shishigami had a power of immortality. Because people wanted this power, they aimed at the head of Shishigami. Then these people, Shishigami, Eboshi and her people, San and Ashitaka started and were involved in huge complicated war for the forest. In this war, Ashitaka and San understood each other little by little.


The song, "Mononoke Hime（もののけ姫）", was performed by Mera Yoshikazu and composed by Joe Hisaishi.



Walloon Brabant

Walloon Brabant (, , , , ) is one of the five provinces of Wallonia in the country of Belgium.

"Walloon" in "Walloon Brabant" means that it is in the Wallon part of the former province of Brabant of Belgium. "Brabant" was an old region, the Duchy of Brabant. The word "Brabant" appears for the first time in the seventh century when the abbey of Nivelles was founded in the "pagus Bracbatensis" ("pagus" is a Latin word meaning a very small town, with only few houses).

Walloon Brabant is the youngest and the smallest province of Belgium. The province was created in 1995 when the former province of Brabant was split along the language border in three parts: a Flemish part (Flemish Brabant), a Wallon part (Walloon Brabant) and the Brussels Capital Region, which no longer belongs to any province.

The total area of the province is with a population of about 410,000 in 2022.

The province is very flat and the highest point is in Genappe, with an altitude of above sea level.

Also the geographical centre of Belgium is in the province, in the municipality of Walhain.

The province has an elongated shape and measures from east to west about and about from north to south.

The capital is Wavre; it is much more centrally located than the old capital, Nivelles.

The province of Walloon Brabant has only one "arrondissement" that is divided in 27 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).

The province of Walloon Brabant did not exist before 1995.


Veracruz

Veracruz is one of the 32 states of Mexico.

Beneath a Steel Sky

Beneath a Steel Sky is a British point and click adventure computer game made by Revolution Software and published by Virgin Interactive for DOS, the Amiga, and the Amiga CD32. The first version became freeware in 2003. An updated version was released for iOS in 2009.

Scheme (programming language)

Scheme is a programming language. It is one of the two dialects of LISP in widespread use today. The other dialect of LISP widely used is Common lisp. Scheme is often used as a teaching tool; to teach computer science students functional programming.

Propædia

The Propædia is the first of three parts of the Encyclopædia Britannica, the other two being the 12-volume "Micropædia" and the 17-volume "Macropædia". The "Propædia" is supposed to be a book that organizes the things in the Britannica, and a guideline to the index of the other two parts. It was introduced in 1974 with the 15th edition of the encyclopaedia to replace the index, but when many people complained, Britannica put the index back in two books in 1985. The core of the "Propædia" is its Outline of Knowledge, which is supposed to give people a classification of what we know, but the "Propædia" also has some parts listing the staff members, advisors and contributors to all three parts of the "Britannica".

The Propædia can be used by a student who wants to know what there is to know, before even finding out about it. Once the student finds out what he needs to know, he will then find out about the thing itself.

The "Outline" has ten Parts, each with an essay to introduce the part. Below is the table of the ten parts.


Macropædia

The 17-book Macropædia is the third part of the "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the other two parts are the 12-book "Micropædia" and the 1-book "Propædia". The name comes from the word "macro" and "encyclopaedia". Macro means big, and so, the Macropædia is a big encyclopaedia. The Macropaedia has articles that are very detailed, but one article is usually about a very large topic. It is the opposite of the Micropædia, which has articles that are short. 

The "Macropædia" was introduced in the 15th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica in 1974 with 19 book having 4,207 articles. In 1985, these articles were combined and made smaller into 17 books with about 700 articles, which can be as short as 2 pages, and as long as 310 pages. The longest article, on the United States, was from the combining of the 50 articles on each state. 

Since it was created, it has not stayed the same. New articles are always being added, older articles can be split, shortened, merged, or even deleted. 

Micropædia

The 12-book Micropædia is one of the three parts of the 15th edition of "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the other two being the one-book "Propædia" and the 17-book "Macropædia". The name comes from the word "micro" and "encyclopaedia". Micro means small and so, the Micropaedia is a small encyclopedia. The Micropaedia has articles that are very short, the articles are found in small strips. It is the opposite of the Macropaedia, which has articles that are very long.

The "Micropædia" was introduced in 1974 with 10 books having 102,214 short articles, all of them are less than 750 words. In the 15th edition, many articles were put together, with about only 65,000 articles in 12 volumes. In general, the 750-word limit is still used and most articles are only 1-2 paragraphs; however, a few longer articles can be found in the 2007 "Micropædia", such as the Internet ones, which takes up a full page.

With some exceptions, the 65,000 articles of the "Micropædia" have no bibliographies and no named contributors. It is supposed to be for fast-checking to find out the main things about the topic, and as a guide to the 700 longer articles of the "Macropædia". People use it to know just a little, but the Macropaedia is used to know in detail.

Mantle (vesture)

A mantle (, mandyas; , mantiya) is an ecclesiastical garment in the form of a very full cape which extends to the floor, joined at the neck, that is worn over the outer garments.

In the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Eastern Catholic churches, the mantle is a monastic garment worn by bishops, hegumens, archimandrites, and other monastics in processions and while attending various church services, such as Vespers or Matins; but not when dressed to celebrate the Divine Liturgy. Unlike the Western cope, the mantle is worn only by monastics. The klobuk is worn over the mantle.

The Courier-Mail

The Courier-Mail is a newspaper made by an Australian company called News Limited. "The Courier-Mail" is published during the week in Brisbane. The first issue was published 1933.


Işın Karaca

Işın Karaca (born in London, United Kingdom, on March 7, 1973) is a Turkish-Cypriot pop singer.

She has released four music albums. These are: "Anadilim Aşk", "İçinde Aşk Var", "Başka 33/3" and "Uyanış". Her fourth album means "Awakening" in English language. She also has been an actress for the film "Sen Ne Dilersen".


A Game of Thrones

A Game of Thrones is the first of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin. It was released on 6 August 1996. The book was put up for the 1998 Nebula Award and the 1997 World Fantasy Award, and won the 1997 Locus Award. The first season of the HBO TV series Game of Thrones is based on the book.

The chapters are titled by the name of the person you will read about through their perspective. These are listed in no order and the Prologue is not included for it is not part of the main chapters: Eddard (Stark), Catelyn (Stark), Arya (Stark), Bran (Stark), Jon (Snow), Tyrion (Lannister), Daenerys (Targaryen),


Fritz Wunderlich

Fritz Wunderlich (born Kusel, Rhineland-Palatinate, 26 September 1930; died Heidelberg, 17 September 1966) was a German tenor. He was one of the great singers of his time, famous both as an opera singer and as a recitalist singing Lieder.

Wunderlich came from a musical family. His mother was a violinist and his father was a choir-master. The family did not find it easy to make a living, especially after Fritz's father committed suicide when Fritz was five years old. As a young man Wunderlich worked in a bakery. People heard him singing while he worked, and he was persuaded to study music. He got a scholarship to study at the Freiburg College of Music where he studied French horn and singing.

Wunderlich soon became known as a brilliant young tenor. He sang several roles in Mozart's operas, and gradually learned roles in many other operas, including Verdi's "Rigoletto" and "Don Carlo". There is an excellent recording of Mozart's "Magic Flute" in which Wunderlich sings the part of the Prince Tamino and the famous baritone Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau sings the part of Papageno, the birdcatcher.

Wunderlich had a lovely, clear voice which was excellent for German Lieder. He sang the great songs of Schubert and Schumann, especially Schumann's "Dichterliebe" song cycle.

Wunderlich was becoming world famous when he died from an accident: he fell down the stairs of a friend's hunting house and died just before his 36th birthday.


Half of a Yellow Sun

Half of a Yellow Sun is a book that was written by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie in 2006, and was published by Knopf/Anchor. The book tells the story of two sisters Olanna and Kainene during the Biafran War.

"Half of a Yellow Sun" won the 2007 Orange Prize for Fiction in the women-only section. The award is given annually for the best original full-length book; Adichie gained £30,000 as a reward for winning the prize. "Purple Hibiscus", her first novel, made the Orange Prize shortlist in 2004, and because of the success of "Half a Yellow Sun", critics have said that Adichie may have even more success in the future.

The book got good reviews from critics, and it was included in "The New York Times"' 100 Most Notable Books of the Year, as well as winning the Orange Prize. In a review for "The Seattle Times", Mary Brennan talks about the book as "A sweeping story that provides both a harrowing history lesson and an engagingly human narrative". "The Guardian's" Kate Kellaway said "An immense achievement, "Half of a Yellow Sun" has a ramshackle freedom and exuberant ambition," after reading the book. "The New York Times" did a review of the book, saying some good and some bad things about the book.

The Nigerian Civil War began on July 6, 1967 and lasted until January 15, 1970. The war began because of political struggles caused by the numerous attempts to secede from the southeastern provinces of Nigeria and create the Republic of Biafra. Political conflict between the Igbo’s, Yoruba’s, and the Hausa-Fulani ended up with two military coups. The Igbo tried to leave Nigeria to become the Republic of Biafra, but did not have very much support. From 1968 onward, the war was mostly a tie, with Nigerian forces unable to get an advantage over the Republic of Biafra. Many people died in the war, and even today there is still anger between the different ethnic and religious groups of Nigeria.

The story in "Half of a Yellow Sun" is centered around the war. The author has stated that many of the issues that caused the war remain today. She also said that the war is very talked about "in uninformed and unimaginative ways," and that the war is as important to the people today as it was in her book. Because none of the major political events were changed in the book, Adichie said that the book had "emotional truth," and that the book showed the war had a large impact on the people of Nigeria.

Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie

Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie (born September 15, 1977) is an award-winning Nigerian writer. She comes from Abba in Anambra State, southeast Nigeria. Her book Half of a Yellow Sun won the 2007 Orange Prize for fiction.

Adichie was born in Enugu into an Igbo family. She married Ivara Alistair Esege, a Nigerian doctor. 

In December 2013 Beyoncé released her fifth album "BEYONCÉ". The eleventh song on the album "Flawless" has a sample from Adichie's TED Talk "Why We Should All Be Feminists". Adichie's sample on the album caused her novel "Americanah" go up around 600 places in the Amazon chart.

Sind River

The Sind Stream originates from the slopes of Zojila Pass and flowing to south west is joined by another stream coming from Dachhen-Para. Flowing southward and crossing Sind Valley, it empties into Jhelum River near Shadipura.

Shaman King

Shaman King is a Japanese anime and manga series by Hiroyuki Takei. The manga ended with thirty two volumes and the anime ended with sixty four episodes.

Japanese publisher Shueisha announced that it will be republished all volumes in Japan starting in March 2008. The manga condensed from its current run from 32 to 27 volumes. It was expected to publish two mangas per month.




Hoshi-gumi
Tsuchi-gumi
Tsuki-gumi
Hana-gumi


Banihal Pass

Banihal Pass is at an altitude of 9,200 feet above sea level, in the eastern region of Pir Panjal range, at 75.16 longitude and 33.31 latitude. The pass connects the Valley of Kashmir with Jammu. Banihal cart road enters Kashmir valley through this pass. In 16th century, Sheikh Yaqoob Serfi and two other religious leaders had travelled through this pass to invite India's (Hindustani) Mughal Emperor Akhbar to invade Kashmir.

Parker Brothers

Parker Brothers is a toy and game manufacturer and brand. Over almost 115 years, the company has created more than 1800 games; some of them are "Monopoly", "Cluedo" (known as "Clue" in North America), "Risk", Trivial Pursuit, Ouija, Aggravation and Probe.


Kariwood

Cinema in Karachi or Kariwood () had its golden days in the 1960s when some of the prominent movie studios were in Karachi, making movies for the viewership of a large and growing working-class population.

With a metropolitan area hosting the world's second most populated city, the movie viewership is still popular in Karachi. However, the interest has shifted more towards the Hollywood and other international productions. One of the reasons for the shifting trends is attributed to the moving of film-making industry to Lahore, locally termed as Lollywood



Gijsbert Haan

Gijsbert Haan (or Gysbert Haan) (January 3, 1801 - July 27, 1874) was the leader of the 1857 Secession of Dutch-Americans from the Reformed Church in America. He was the creator of the Christian Reformed Church in the United States and Canada. Haan was born in Hilversum, North Holland, the Netherlands and died of liver disease in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Namur Province

Namur (, , , , ) is a province of Belgium on the border with France. It is one of the five provinces of Wallonia, the predominantly French-speaking southern region of Belgium.

The origin of the province of Namur goes back to 1795, when the Austrian Netherlands and the Principality of Liège joint the French Republic; they were made part of the old department of Sambre-et-Meuse.

At the fall of the First French Empire, the department is dissolved and replaced by the Province of Namur, at the time of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. The province of Namur was one of the province created by the Constitution of 24 August 1815 of the Kingdom.

When the United Kingdom of the Netherlands ended after the 1830 Belgian Revolution, the province of Namur became part of the new Kingdom of Belgium.

Namur borders (clockwise from the West) on the Walloon provinces of Hainaut, Walloon Brabant, Liège and Luxembourg in Belgium, and on France.

The total area of the province is with a population of about 499,000 in 2022. The highest point of the province is Croix-Scaille, with an altitude of () above sea level.

Its capital is the city of Namur; other important cities are Dinant, Philippeville, Gembloux, Ciney and Andenne.

The province of Namur is divided into 3 "arrondissements" and a total of 38 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


Country (disambiguation)

A country is a political division of a geographical region.

Country could also mean:


Zojila La

Zoji La () is a high mountain pass in India. This pass is above sea level, at 74.50 longitude and 34.17 latitude. The pass connects a valley of Kashmir with Ladakh. Different trade routes lad to Tibet, China and Central Asia. Renchen Shah of Leh entered Kashmir through this pass and became the monarch of the land in the 14th century. Mirza Haider Doughlat also advanced through thi pass to invade Kashmir. The old historical name of the pass was "Shurji La" meaning lord Shiva's mountain.

Babusar Pass

Babusar Pass is above sea level. It connects Gilgit with Kaghan via Chilas. Prior to construction of Karakoram highway, this route was very important, because this was the only route leading to Gilgit and Baltistan from Pakistan.

Presently a road by the name of Mansehra-Naran-Jalkhad-Chilas MNJCroad is being constructed through Babusar Pass that will shorten the distance between Mansehra and Chilas by around . Work on the route is expected to conclude sometime in mid 2011.

Khunjerab Pass

Khunjerab Pass is a mountain pass located on the border of Pakistan and China. It is at an altitude of above sea level. Karakoram Highway (Silk Route) crosses into China through this pass. Trade between China and Pakistan is carried through Khunjerab.

The name Khunjerab is derived from two Wakhi words; "Khun" meaning blood and "Jerab" means a creek coming from a spring or waterfall.

Karakoram Pass

Karakoram Pass is a mountain pass between India and China in the Karakoram Range. It is at a height of above sea level. It is the highest altitude pass connecting Indian Kashmir with Sinkiang (China).

Shandur Pass

The height of this pass is 3738 m above sea level, it connects Gupis, Gilgit with Chitral. The top is flat, a plateau and can be crossed between late April and early November. The grade is very gradual, and the area is crossed by small streams of trout. Grazing in summer is plentiful.

Every year there is a Polo match played on Shandur Top between a team from Chitral and a team from Gilgit.

Shandur Top is one of the four major mountain passes to enter Chitral. The others are Dorah Pass from Badakshan in Afghanistan, Lowari Pass from Dir, and Broghol Pass from the Wakhan Corridor in Afghanistan.

The people who live on both sides of Shandur Top speak the Khowar language.

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (11 December 1918 – 3 August 2008) was a Russian writer. He was the winner of the 1970 Nobel Prize in literature.

Solzhenitsyn was a novelist, dramatist, and historian. With his works, the Gulags, a network of Soviet labor camp (see forced labor), became well known. Due to this, he won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1970, but also was exiled from the Soviet Union in 1974. In 1994, Solzhenitsyn went back to Russia. After he died (of heart failure) he received a state funeral. He was very significant for revealing what life was like in the Soviet days.

During his imprisonment he left Marxism and converted to the Russian Orthodox Church.

Much of Solzhenitsyn's work is autobiographical, based on things he saw and experienced in his own life. Solzhenitsyn was himself imprisoned in the Gulag for many years, and later was in a cancer ward (he recovered from the cancer).

After Khrushchev's Secret Speech in 1956 Solzhenitsyn was freed from exile and exonerated (cleared of all charges). The manuscript of "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich" was published in edited form in 1962, with the explicit approval of Nikita Khrushchev. Khrushchev defended it at the Praesidium of the Politburo hearing on whether to allow its publishing, and added: "There's a Stalinist in each of you; there's even a Stalinist in me. We must root out this evil".

Thus the lines between autobiography, reportage, fiction and political observations are tied up together, more so than with most writers.







Debian Free Software Guidelines

The Debian Free Software Guidelines (DFSG) is a set of guidelines (rules) that the Debian Project uses to decide whether a software license is a free software license, which is used to decide whether a piece of software can be included in Debian. The DFSG is part of the Debian Social Contract.


The DFSG was first published together with the first version of the Debian Social Contract in July 1997. The primary authors were Bruce Perens and several other Debian developers at the time.

Most discussions about the DFSG happen on the "debian-legal" mailing list. When a Debian Developer first uploads a package to be included in Debian, the "ftpmaster" team checks the software licenses and decides whether they follow the DFSG's rules. The team sometimes discusses with the debian-legal list in difficult cases.

The DFSG is focused on software, but in June 2004 the Debian project decided to use the same rules on software documentation, multimedia data and other content. The non-software content of Debian began to follow the DFSG more strictly in Debian 4.0 (released in April 2007) and following releases.

Much documentation written by the GNU Project, the Linux Documentation Project and others licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License contain invariant sections, which do not comply with the DFSG. This assertion is the end result of a long discussion and the General Resolution 2006-001



PingOO

PingOO is a communication server based on Debian.

PingOO was created by the CRI (Centre des Resources Informatiques) in Haute-Savoie (France).


Madden NFL 09

Madden NFL 09 is a video game about the National Football League (NFL) for the Xbox, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii, and Nintendo DS. It was the last game to be released on the original Xbox. A GameCube version was also planned, but it was canceled due to the system's discontinuation in early 2007. It was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon.

Former New York Jets quarterback Brett Favre is on the cover.

On the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Nintendo DS versions, play-by-play and color commentary is provided by Tom Hammond and Cris Collinsworth, respectively, replacing Al Michaels and John Madden. However, Michaels and Madden still appear on the Wii, PlayStation 2, and PSP versions. Madden still has a part in "Madden 09" as the person describing instructions to the Madden IQ. Madden guides you on advice and other things to help you understand how to raise your Madden IQ. Madden also appears in Mii form in the Wii version of the game, suggesting plays to run in the game's "Madden's Pick" feature.

EA's relationship with ESPN also enables tie-ins with different ESPN shows.


Lena Katina

Elena Sergeevna Katina (Russian: Елена Сергеевна Катина, born 4 October 1984), better known as Lena Katina is a Russian singer. She and Yulia Volkova are the members of the pop group t.A.T.u.

Katina was born in Moscow. She began going to school at age seven. Within a year, she left ordinary school and went to a music school and studied piano. When she was ten, she started singing with the child group "Avenue". She sang with them for three years before joining the vocal and instrumental group "Neposedi" ("Fidgety Children"). While a part of Neposedy, she met Julia Volkova and they became friends. Soon Lena left the group because of her age. Neposedy is for children up to 14 years old. At the age of 15 she was selected to be a part of the group which was later named Tatu (t.A.T.u). 

Eleanor of Provence

Eleanore of Provence (c. 1223 – 26 June 1291) was the Queen Consort of King Henry III of England.

Jam session

A jam session is an informal gathering of musicians to improvise freely on various themes. They began with jazz musicians. Musicians sometimes use jam sessions to work on new material, and some songs are made by the band during the session. A jam session will often feature improvisation.

Compilation

In music, a compilation is a record, usually an album, which contains songs from more than one source. For instance, it could contain songs from studio albums, live albums, EPs, and other places. The songs often have something in common, for instance a "Greatest Hits" compilation will contain the most popular songs by a band or musician.

Necrophagist

Necrophagist is a technical death metal band from Germany. They have released two albums. The band is currently signed with Relapse Records. They are known for their fast songs that require a large amount of skill to play. 


Page 44

Page 44 is an indie-rock band from England. They have released 3 EPs and 1 demo album and have appeared on television in the United Kingdom. BBC said the band might become "tomorrow's superstars".


Logroño

Logroño () is a city in northern Spain. It is the capital of La Rioja. Logroño is in the Ebro valley. The population of the city is 150.000.

Liberal arts

Liberal arts is the term given to contemporary programmes of education which include areas of study across the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and the arts. It has its origins in Ancient Greece and began with a "desire for a universal understanding". Simply put liberal arts education aimed at holistic education. This can be simplified even further to an education born out of the development of number and language. It developed throughout classical antiquity but began with Pythagoras and his interest in all things mathematical. Pythagoras learnt a lot from the Ancient Egyptians and eventually after hundreds of years and various contributions this knowledge became the four specialisms (Quadrivium) of astronomy, arithmetic, geometry and music. Language became more and more important in human affairs and by 4th century Athens it was paramount to how the city state (polis) was governed. Therefore education also began to include instruction in how to speak well. Again over hundreds of years and with numerous contributions this became formalised as the three language arts (Trivium) of grammar, dialectic, and rhetoric. 

Liberal arts became formalised in the middle ages drawing on its origins in Ancient Greek and Roman culture. Perhaps the most famous image of the Liberal Arts is plate 11, "Philosophy and the Liberal Arts" from the "Garden of Delights ()" which was created by a group of women in the 12th century. In the image [right] you can see the seven liberal arts arranged around the Queen Philosophy who sits above Socrates and Plato. "Their encyclopedia compiled ideas drawn from philosophy, theology, literature, music, arts, and sciences and was intended as a teaching tool for women of the abbey who focused on Liberal Arts Education."

Being holistic, liberal arts education aimed at bringing the theoretical and practical together. As Dante put it, so "that the theoretical intellect by extension becomes practical, its goal then being doing and making". It was intended to be a mental and practical education which by the time of the Renaissance realised a . 

Historically it was an education reserved only for the elite, and students were predominantly young gentlemen from wealthy families deemed respectable and important. Today, in the USA liberal arts education is still restricted to "elites" who can afford to pay significant fees to attend exclusive liberal arts colleges. Across Europe liberal arts education is now far more affordable with some Universities explicitly stating that it can now "be enjoyed by everyone."

The four liberal arts were taught in two groups: the "trivium" and the "quadrivium" :

During the Middle Ages, the liberal arts were central to university education. The "quadrivium" followed the preparatory work of the "trivium".

The area and range of the liberal arts evolved in time. Originally, most of the teaching, and all of the text-books, would have been in Latin, the language the students would have learnt at school before they came to college. In the beginning the courses were aimed at educating the elite in the classical works. Eventually, the meaning of "liberal arts" got extended to include both humanities and science. But even today, practical activities as agriculture, business, engineering, pedagogy or pharmacy are excluded from the liberal arts. The liberal professions include only professions which require education at university, mainly law and medicine.

The trivium (Latin for "three ways"), included the literary disciplines:


The quadrivium (Latin for "four ways"), included the disciplines connected with mathematics. They were:


Liberal arts colleges are a modern re-interpretation of the old idea. Mostly in the United States, these colleges concentrate on good teaching, and are closer to the Oxford & Cambridge type of tuition than most universities. They are mostly or entirely fee-paying institutions, and so continue to offer an elite education to students from prosperous families or gifted students through significant financial aid. The courses are mostly or entirely undergraduate courses.


Brain damage

Brain damage is damage to the brain from either illnesses or injuries. Brain cells are damaged, which often affects one's brain in a way that stops the brain from thinking or reacting the same way as it did before the brain was damaged.

Physical damage to the brain is called traumatic brain injury (TBI). It has occurred since ancient times, and old medical records exist.

Head injuries and their effects were known in ancient times.

Ancient Mesopotamians knew of head injury and some of its effects, including seizures, paralysis, and loss of sight, hearing or speech. The Edwin Smith Papyrus, written around 1650–1550 BC, describes various head injuries and symptoms and classifies them based on their presentation and tractability. Ancient Greek physicians including Hippocrates understood the brain to be the center of thought, probably due to their experience with head trauma.

Perhaps the first reported case of personality change after brain injury is that of Phineas Gage. He survived an accident in 1848 when a large iron rod was driven through his head, destroying at least his left frontal lobe.

He recovered with no apparent sensory, movement, or big cognitive damage. However, his behaviour so altered that friends described him as "no longer being Gage". This suggested that the damaged areas are involved in "higher functions" such as personality. Many cases of personality change after brain injury have been reported since.

In the 1970s, awareness of TBI as a public health problem grew. A great deal of progress has been made since then in brain trauma research, such as the discovery of primary and secondary brain injury. The 1990s saw the development and dissemination of standardized guidelines for treatment of TBI, with protocols for a range of issues such as drugs and management of intracranial pressure. Research since the early 1990s has improved TBI survival. That decade was called the "Decade of the Brain" for advances made in brain research.


Assembly language

An assembly language is a programming language that can be used to directly tell the computer what to do. An assembly language is almost exactly like the machine code that a computer can understand, except that it uses words in place of numbers. A computer cannot really understand an assembly program directly. However, it can easily change the program into machine code by replacing the words of the program with the numbers that they stand for. A program that does that is called an assembler.

Programs written in assembly language are usually made of "instructions", which are small tasks that the computer performs when it is running the program. They are called instructions because the programmer uses them to instruct the computer what to do. The part of the computer that follows the instructions is the processor.

The assembly language of a computer is a low-level language, which means that it can only be used to do the simple tasks that a computer can understand directly. In order to perform more complex tasks, one must tell the computer each of the simple tasks that are part of the complex task. For example, a computer does not understand how to print a sentence on its screen. Instead, a program written in assembly must tell it how to do all of the small steps that are involved in printing the sentence.

Such an assembly program would be composed of many, many instructions, that together do something that seems very simple and basic to a human. This makes it hard for humans to read an assembly program. In contrast, a high-level programming language may have a single instruction such as PRINT ""Hello, world!"" that will tell the computer to perform all of the small tasks for you.

When computer scientists first built programmable machines, they programmed them directly in machine code, which is a series of numbers that instructed the computer what to do. Writing machine language was very hard to do and took a long time, so eventually assembly language was made. Assembly language is easier for a human to read and can be written faster, but it is still much harder for a human to use than a high-level programming language which tries to mimic human language.

To program in machine code, the programmer needs to know what each instruction looks like in binary (or hexadecimal). Although it is easy for a computer to quickly figure out what machine code means, it is hard for a programmer. Each instruction can have several forms, all of which just look like a bunch of numbers to people. Any mistake that someone makes while writing machine code will only be noticed when the computer does the wrong thing. Figuring out the mistake is hard because most people cannot tell what machine code means by looking at it. An example of what machine code looks like:

05 2A 00

This hexadecimal machine code tells an x86 computer processor to add 42 to the accumulator. It is very difficult for a person to read and understand it even if that person knows machine code.

With assembly language, each instruction can be written as a short word, called a "mnemonic", followed by other things like numbers or other short words. The mnemonic is used so that the programmer does not have to remember the exact numbers in machine code needed to tell the computer to do something. Examples of mnemonics in assembly language include "add", which adds data, and "mov", which moves data from one place to another. Because 'mnemonic' is an uncommon word, the phrase "instruction type" or just "instruction" is sometimes used instead, often incorrectly. The words and numbers after the first word give more information about what to do. For instance, things following an "add" might be what two things to add together and the things following "mov" say what to move and where to put it.

For example, the machine code in the previous section (05 2A 00) can be written in assembly as:

Assembly language also allows programmers to write the actual data the program uses in easier ways. Most assembly languages have support for easily making numbers and text. In machine code, each different type of number like positive, negative or decimal, would have to be manually converted into binary and text would have to be defined one letter at a time, as numbers.

Assembly language provides what is called an abstraction of machine code. When using assembly, programmers do not need to know the details of what numbers mean to the computer, the assembler figures that out instead. Assembly language still lets the programmer use all the features of the processor that they could with machine code. In this sense, assembly language has a very good, rare trait: it has the same ability to express things as the thing it is abstracting (machine code) while being much easier to use. Because of this, machine code is almost never used as a programming language.

When programs are finished, they have already been transformed into machine code so that the processor can actually run them. Sometimes, however, if the program has a bug (mistake) in it, programmers will want to be able to tell what each part of the machine code is doing. Disassemblers are programs that help programmers do that by transforming the machine code of the program back into assembly language, which is much easier to understand. Disassemblers, which turn machine code into assembly language, do the opposite of assemblers, which turn assembly language into machine code.

An understanding of how computers are organized, how they seem to work at a very low level, is needed to understand how an assembly language program works. At the simplist level, computers have three main parts:


In most computers, memory is divided up into bytes. Each byte contains 8 bits. Each byte in memory also has an "address" which is a number that says where the byte is in memory. The first byte in memory has an address of 0, the next one has an address of 1, and so on. Dividing memory into bytes makes it "byte addressable" because each byte gets a unique address. Addresses of byte memories cannot be used to refer to a single bit of a byte. A byte is the smallest piece of memory that can be addressed.

Even though an address refers to a particular byte in memory, processors allow for using several bytes of memory in a row. The most common use of this feature is to use either 2 or 4 bytes in a row to represent a number, usually an integer. Single bytes are sometimes also used to represent integers, but because they are only 8 bits long, they can only hold 2 or 256 different possible values. Using 2 or 4 bytes in a row raises the number of different possible values to be 2, 65536 or 2, 4294967296, respectively.

When a program uses a byte or a number of bytes in a row to represent something like a letter, number, or anything else, those bytes are called an "object" because they are all part of the same thing. Even though objects are all stored in identical bytes of memory, they are treated as though they have a 'type', which says how the bytes should be understood: either as an integer or a character or some other type (like a non-integer value). Machine code can also be thought of as a type that is interpreted as instructions. The notion of a type is very, very important because it defines what things can and can’t be done to the object and how to interpret the bytes of the object. For instance, it is not valid to store a negative number in a positive number object and it is not valid to store a fraction in an integer.

An address that points to (is the address of) a multi-byte object is the address to the first byte of that object – the byte that has the lowest address. As an aside, one important thing to note is that you can’t tell what the type of an object is - or even its size - by its address. In fact, you can’t even tell what type an object is by looking at it. An assembly language program needs to keep track of which memory addresses hold which objects, and how big those objects are. A program that does so is "type safe" because it only does things to objects that are safe to do on their type. A program that doesn’t will probably not work properly. Note that most programs do not actually explicitly store what the type of an object is, they just access objects consistently - the same object is always treated as the same type.

The processor runs (executes) instructions, which are stored as machine code in main memory. As well as being able to access memory for storage, most processors have a few small, fast, fixed-size spaces for holding objects that are currently being worked with. These spaces are called "registers". Processors usually execute three types of instructions, although some instructions can be a combination of these types. Below are some examples of each type in x86 assembly language.

The following x86 assembly language instruction reads (loads) a 2-byte object from the byte at address 4096 (0x1000 in hexadecimal) into a 16-bit register called 'ax':
In this assembly language, square brackets around a number (or a register name) mean that the number should be used as an address to the data that should be used. The use of an address to point to data is called indirection. In this next example, without the square brackets, another register, bx, actually gets the value 20 loaded into it.

Because no indirection was used, the actual value itself was put into the register.

If the operands (the things that come after the mnemonic), appear in the reverse order, an instruction that loads something from memory instead writes it to memory:
Here, the memory at address 1000h gets the value of bx. If this example is executed right after the previous one, the 2 bytes at 1000h and 1001h will be a 2 byte integer with the value of 20.

Some instructions do things like subtraction or logical operations like "not":

The machine code example earlier in this article would be this in assembly language:
Here, 42 and ax are added together and the result is stored back in ax. In x86 assembly it is also possible to combine a memory access and mathematical operation like this:

This instruction adds the value of the 2 byte integer stored at 1000h to ax and stores the answer in ax.

This instruction computes the or of the contents of the registers ax and bx and stores the result back into ax.

Usually, instructions are executed in the order they appear in memory, which is the order they are in the assembly code. The processor just executes them one after another. However, in order for processors to do complicated things, they need to execute different instructions based on what the data they were given is. The ability of processors to execute different instructions depending on something's outcome is called "branching". Instructions that decide what the next instruction should be are called "branch instructions".

In this example, suppose someone wants to calculate the amount of paint they will need to paint a square with a certain side length. The paint store will not sell them any less than amount of paint needed to paint a 100 x 100 square.

To figure out the amount of paint they will need to get based on the length of the square they want to paint, they come up with this set of steps:


That algorithm can be expressed in the following code where ax is the side length.
continue:
This example introduces several new things, but the first two instructions are familiar. They copy the value of ax into bx and then subtract 100 from bx.

One of the new things in this example is called a label, a concept found in assembly languages in general. Labels can be anything the programmer wants (unless it is the name of an instruction, which would confuse the assembler). In this example, the label is 'continue'. It is interpreted by the assembler as the address of an instruction. In this case, it is the address of mult ax.

Another new concept is that of flags. On x86 processors, many instructions set 'flags' in the processor that can be used by the next instruction to decide what to do. In this case, if bx was less than 100, sub will set a flag that says the result was less than zero.

The next instruction is jge which is short for 'jump if greater than or equal to'. It is a branch instruction. If the flags in the processor specify that the result was greater than or equal to zero, instead of just going to the next instruction the processor will jump to the instruction at the continue label, which is "mul ax".

This example works fine, but it is not what most programmers would write. The subtract instruction set the flag correctly, but it also changes the value it operates on, which required the ax to be copied into bx. Most assembly languages allow for comparison instruction that do not change any of the arguments they are passed, but still set the flags properly and x86 assembly is no exception.
continue:
Now, instead of subtracting 100 from ax, seeing if that number is less than zero, and assigning it back to ax, ax is left unchanged. The flags are still set the same way, and the jump is still taken in the same situations.

While input and output are a fundamental part of computing, there is no one way they are done in assembly language. This is because the way I/O works depends on the set up of the computer and the operating system it is running, not just what kind of processor it has. In the example section below, the Hello World example uses MS-DOS operating system calls and the example after it uses BIOS calls.

It is possible to do I/O in assembly language. Assembly language can generally express anything that a computer is capable of doing. However, even though there are instructions to add and branch in assembly language that will always do the same thing there are no instructions in assembly language that always do I/O.

The way that I/O works is not part of any assembly language because it is not part of how the processor works.

Even though assembly language is not directly run by the processor - machine code is, it still has a lot to do with it. Each processor family supports different features, instructions, rules for what the instructions can do, and rules for what combination of instructions are allowed where. Because of this, different types of processors still need different assembly languages.

Because each version of assembly language is tied to a processor family, it lacks something called "portability". Something that has portability or is portable can be easily transferred from one type of computer to another. While other types of programming languages are portable, assembly language, in general, is not.

Although assembly language allows for an easy way to use all the processor's features, it is not used for modern software projects for several reasons:


As a result of these drawbacks, high-level languages like Pascal, C, and C++ are used for most projects instead. They allow programmers to express their ideas more directly instead of having to worry about telling the processor what to do every step of the way. They're called high-level because the ideas the programmer can express in the same amount code are more complicated.

Programmers writing code in compiled high level languages use a program called a compiler to transform their code into assembly language. Compilers are much harder to write than assemblers are. Also, high-level languages do not always allow programmers to use all the features of the processor. This is because high-level languages are designed to support all processor families. Unlike assembly languages, that only support one type of processor, high-level languages are portable.

Even though compilers are more complicated than assemblers, decades of making and researching compilers has made them very good. Now, there is not much reason to use assembly language anymore for most projects, because compilers can usually figure out how to express programs in assembly language as well or better than programmers.

A "Hello, world!" program written in x86 assembly:

adosseg
.model small
.stack 100h

.data
hello_message db 'Hello, World!',0dh,0ah,'$'

.code
main proc

main endp
end main. 
A function that prints a number to the screen using BIOS interrupts written in NASM x86 assembly. Modular code is possible to write in assembly, but it takes extra effort. Note that anything that comes after a semicolon on a line is a comment and is ignored by the assembler. Putting comments in assembly language code is very important because large assembly language programs are so hard to understand.

printn:

gloop: inc si ; length of string
num: add dx, ('A'- 10) ; hex value, add 'A' to dx - 10.
anum: push dx ; put dx onto stack.

tloop: pop ax ; get its value




Toffee

Toffee is a candy which is made by boiling sugar with butter, and then cooling the mixture so that it becomes hard. Sometimes it is made with treacle. 


<br>

Chop, Ukraine

Chop (, , ) is a city found in the Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine, near the borders of Slovakia and Hungary. It is separated from the Hungarian town of Záhony by the river Tisza.

According to the Ukrainian national census, Chop had a population in 2001 of 8,919, of whom 40% were Ukrainians, 39.2% ethnic Hungarians and 20.8% Gypsies, Russians, Slovaks, Belarusians, Jews .

Chop is an important railway junction in Ukraine where the Lviv-Stryi-Budapest railway line meets the Lviv-Uzhgorod-Košice line. Near Chop, there are also international railway and highway border crossings to Hungary and Slovakia and also to the westernmost point of Ukraine.


United States metropolitan area

Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSA) are large metropolitan areas of the United States as defined by the Office of Management and Budget. These areas are urban areas with a lot of people. An earlier version of the MSA was the "Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area" (SMSA). MSAs are used for official purposes.

MSAs are made up of counties and for some county equivalents. In New England, because of the greater importance of towns over counties, similar areas are based on town units. These are called New England City and Town Areas (NECTAs).

MSAs are created around a central urban area —an areawhere there are a lot of people. The counties with the urbanized area are known as the central counties of the MSA. Other nearby counties (known as outlying counties) can be a part of the MSA if these counties have strong social and economic connections to the central counties. Some areas within these outlying counties may actually be rural areas.

The population estimates for some metro areas are not always agreed upon. In some cases, different sources give numbers of people which differ by millions. The definitions used for the last U.S. Census differed from those for previous censuses. This makes it hard to compare official information from different dates. MSA boundaries do not stretch into Canada or Mexico. This can affect the number of people in several cities. For example, Detroit, Buffalo, El Paso and San Diego are often much larger than their MSA figures.

As of June 2003, there is now an additional classification, “Metropolitan Division.” The term metropolitan division is used for a county or group of counties that are a distinct employment area within a metropolitan statistical area that has at least 2.5 million people. A metropolitan division is a part of a larger metropolitan statistical area but it is often a distinct social, economic, and cultural area within the larger region.

The following is a list of the 25 most populated metropolitan statistical areas and metropolitan divisions in the United States, according to the July 1, 2007 U.S. Census Bureau estimates:

Jenks, Oklahoma

Jenks is a city in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, United States, and a suburb of Tulsa, in the northeastern part of the state. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 25,949.

Owasso, Oklahoma

Owasso is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and a northern suburb of Tulsa. The population was 38,240 at the 2020 census.

Broken Arrow, Oklahoma

Broken Arrow is a city in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Most of it is in Tulsa County, but part of it is in western Wagoner County.

Inuvik, Northwest Territories

Inuvik is a town in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is also where the local government of the Inuvik Region is based.

Inuvik was created as a replacement in 1953 for the earlier administrative center, Aklavik because that area was often flooded. At first, it was called "New Aklavik" but was renamed Inuvik in 1958 because there was confusion between the names of Aklavik and New Akalavik. Inuvik means "Place of Man" in Inuvialuktun, the local Inuit language.

Edmond, Oklahoma

Edmond is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area in the central part of the state.

QuikTrip

QuikTrip (abbreviated QT) is a Tulsa-based chain of convenience stores mainly found in the Midwestern and Southern United States (not to be confused with Kwik Trip convenience stores).

The first QuikTrip opened in 1958 in Tulsa, Oklahoma by Chester Cadieux and Burt B. Holmes. QuikTrip promotes its gasoline as "high-quality" and offers a money-back guarantee.

Oklahoma City Thunder

The Oklahoma City Thunder (abbreviated OKC) are an American professional basketball franchise based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The Seattle SuperSonics franchise had moved to Oklahoma, which meant that there was a new team name (Oklahoma City Thunder). Because of this, the Thunder replaced Seattle in the Western Conference's Northwest Division and began play at Oklahoma City's Ford Center, now known as Paycom Center, during the 2008–09 NBA season.

Nadsat

Nadsat is a slang language. It was invented by Anthony Burgess when he wrote a book called "A Clockwork Orange". The book is about a teenager called Alex. Alex speaks Nadsat in the book. Stanley Kubrick turned the book into a film, also called "A Clockwork Orange".

The name of the slang language "Nadsat" comes from Russian. So do many words in the language itself. In Russian, numbers between ten and twenty end with -"nadsat". This is like the way the same numbers end with -"teen" in English. So "Nadsat" means 'teen'.

Although there is 1950s Russian slang in Nadsat, there are other languages too. However, most words in Nadsat are English or variations of English. One type of English variation used is rhyming slang.


Larry Bird

Larry Joe Bird (born December 7, 1956) is an American retired NBA basketball player. He won three NBA championships in 1981, 1984, and 1986 with the Boston Celtics. He has also won the NBA MVP award three times, in 1984, 1985, and 1986 as a Celtic. He played college basketball at Indiana State University where he developed a rivalry and friendship with Los Angeles Lakers star Magic Johnson when he faced him in the 1979 NCAA national championship game and three NBA championship series (1984, 1985 and 1987). He has been described as one of the greatest basketball players and greatest shooters of all time. Bird was nicknamed Larry Legend and The Hick from French Lick, after his hometown in Indiana. He was also called Kodak by his first NBA coach, Bill Fitch, because Bird could form pictures in his head of the plays on the basketball court. Finally, he was nicknamed The Great White Hope.

In 1992, Bird was a member of the United States men's national basketball team. The team was one of the most famous teams in US Olympic history, known as "The Dream Team." The team captured the gold medal after going undefeated.

In 1997, Bird became the head coach of the Indiana Pacers. He was also President of the Pacers (2000-2012, 2013-2017).

He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2006.

Seattle SuperSonics

The Seattle SuperSonics (also called the Seattle Sonics) were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington that played in the Pacific and Northwest Divisions of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1967 until its final season in 2007–2008. The team moved to Oklahoma City in 2008, changing its name to the Oklahoma City Thunder.

Jurassic Park (movie)

Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction movie directed by Steven Spielberg, based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. It is about a group of people visiting a park on an island where dinosaurs have been brought back to life. They have to survive when the dinosaurs break out. It was released on June 11, 1993, and got positive reviews. It is one of the most famous movies ever made involving dinosaurs.

John Hammond, the owner of a scientific company, creates a theme park on an island that has dinosaurs which have been brought back to life by being cloned. He invites Dr. Alan Grant, a man who studies dinosaurs and doesn't work well with kids, and Dr. Ellie Sattler, a woman who studies ancient plants, to visit the park.

Along with a mathematician named Ian Malcolm and a lawyer named Donald Gennaro, they go to the park and see a few dinosaurs, like "Brachiosaurus". John says that the dinosaurs were brought back because of the dinosaur DNA found in some mosquitoes. To fix any broken parts of the DNA, they added the DNA of frogs to the dinosaurs. The dinosaurs were all made to be female so that they would not breed.

Lex and Tim Murphy, who are Hammond's grandkids, join the group. The group goes on a tour of the park in some Ford Explorer cars. A tropical storm heads towards the park, and it starts raining. Ellie is separated from the group when she tries to help a sick "Triceratops". Dennis Nedry, a worker at the park, betrays Hammond so he can get money from another company, and he turns off the park's safety systems. The cars that the group are in aren't able to move anymore.

Many dinosaurs, including a "T. rex", break out of their pens. The "T. rex" eats Donald, hurts Ian, and pushes a car off a cliff. As Dennis tries to escape the park, he gets killed by a "Dilophosaurus".

Ellie, along with Robert Muldoon, a park worker, look for survivors. They rescue Malcolm and escape the "T. rex" in a Jeep. John, along with the park's main engineer named Ray Arnold, decide to reboot the park's systems. During the rebooting, the dangerous "Velociraptors" escape and start to wander the park.

When Ray goes missing, Ellie goes to finish the rebooting process. She finds that Ray has been killed, and she runs away from one raptor. Two of the raptors show up, and they surprise and kill Robert. Meanwhile, Alan, Lex, and Tim, spend the night in a tall tree. They make friends with a "Brachiosaurus".

The next day, Alan, Lex, and Tim discover dinosaur eggs. At first, they are confused, since the dinosaurs are all female, and eggs can't be laid unless there is a male dinosaur involved. Alan figures out that the frog DNA in the dinosaur DNA allows the dinosaurs to change their genders.

They come across a group of running "Gallimimus", and they head towards an electric fence. When the park's power turns back on, Tim gets shocked by the fence and gets hurt. As Alan goes to look for Ellie, Lex and Tim are hunted by the raptors in a kitchen. They escape and meet up with Alan and Ellie. All four of them end up cornered by the raptors in the park's atrium, but the "T. rex" arrives and kills the raptors.

John, Alan, Ellie, Ian, Lex, and Tim, all survive, and leave the park in a helicopter. John is disappointed that the park was unsuccessful, but Ellie is happy that Alan has learned to get along with kids.

The movie was based off a book by Michael Crichton. A few people wanted to be the director of the movie, like Tim Burton. Eventually, Steven Spielberg was chosen to direct.

Filming the movie started in 1992 on Kaua'i, an island in Hawaii. The filming was stopped for a day because Hurricane Iniki passed over the island. A few of the scenes in the movie that involve rain were actually filmed during the hurricane. Other scenes were filmed in California, on a stage at Warner Bros. Studios, and in other places in Hawaii.

At first, the dinosaurs were going to be made using stop-motion, but Spielberg didn't think it looked real enough. The dinosaurs in the movie were created using ways called animatronics and CGI. The dinosaurs were either robots, puppets, or made with computers.

After filming for the movie was over, Spielberg monitored the effects work while he was in the country of Poland, where he was filming another movie, "Schindler's List".

The music that plays in the movie was composed by John Williams.

"Jurassic Park" got positive reviews, as many critics and moviegoers enjoyed it. Many people praised the movie's special effects and music. The movie was nominated for three Academy Awards (Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects), and won all three.

At the time, "Jurassic Park" had made more money than any other movie. However, the movie "Titanic" ended up making even more money, breaking the record.

"Jurassic Park" has five sequels: "" (1997), "Jurassic Park III" (2001), "Jurassic World" (2015), "" (2018), and "" (2022). Animated web series include: "LEGO Jurassic World: Legend of Isla Nublar", "".


Jørn Utzon

Jørn Utzon (April 9, 1918 – November 29, 2008) was a Danish architect. He was born in Copenhagen and grew up in Aalborg. He is most well known for designing the Sydney Opera House in Australia. He won a contest for designing the Sydney Opera House in 1957. However, he left Australia in 1966 and never returned and saw his completed work. He thought of his design of the Sydney Opera House to be like peeling an orange, as he said putting the shells of the building together would make a perfect sphere. In 2001, he was invited back to restore the building and change it back toward his original designs, but he did not return.

In 2003, Utzon won the Pritzker Prize.

Utzon died of a heart attack in Copenhagen.


Psycholinguistics

Psycholinguistics or psychology of language is the study of the psychological and neurobiological factors that allows humans to get, use, and understand language. It studies how our minds allow us to understand language and produce language. One part of psycholinguistics, developmental psycholinguistics studies how children learn to talk. 


Livid

Livid is an alternative live music festival from Australia. It went every year from 1989 to 2003. The first festival was at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, it was later held in Melbourne and Sydney.

Meherabad

Meherabad ("abad" means a flourishing colony) is the main center where Meher Baba lived and worked from 1923. It is about nine kilometers (6 miles) south of Ahmednagar, India. It is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb as well as places for visitors to stay. A large number of buildings associated with the earlier days of Baba’s work as well as places of charity are also there. Many Baba lovers work or live in the Meherabad area. Meherabad is a popular place of pilgrimage. Around 30,000 pilgrims come each year to Amartithi (the anniversary of Meher Baba's death). In 1944 Meher Baba moved his residence 15 miles north to Meherazad located on the other side of Ahmedagar. It also is a place of pilgrimage.

Sakori

Sakori is a village in Ahmednagar District of Maharashtra State, India that is most famous as the place where Upasni Maharaj lived and worked.

Bashkardi language

Bashkardi is a southwestern Iranian language spoken in the southeast of Iran in the provinces of Kerman, Sistan and Baluchestan, and Hormozgan. Bashkardi has numerous dialects and these dialects form a transition from Larestani to Balochi.

Jhangochi

Jhangochi, also referred to as Jhangvi, Jhangli, Rachnavi or Jatki, is a Punjabi dialect spoken in the central regions of the Pakistani province of Punjab. It is, sometimes, regarded as the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language. It is spoken throughout a widespread area, at both ends of the Jhelum, Ravi and Chenab rivers, in parts of Jhang, Khanewal, Vehari, Chiniot, Khushab, Sargodha and Chakwal districts of Punjab. It is also spoken in few areas of Muzaffargarh and Lodhran districts of Pakistani Punjab and Fazilka district of Indian Punjab and Sri Ganganagar of Rajasthan.

Jhangochi is transitional with the Majhi dialect, but has several aspects that set it apart from other Punjabi varieties. This area has a great culture and heritage, especially literary heritage, as it is credited with the creation of the famous epic romance stories of Heer Ranjha and Mirza Sahiban. It is spoken in the Bar areas of Punjab, i.e. areas whose names are often suffixed with 'Bar', for example Sandal Bar, Kirana Bar, Neeli Bar and Ganji Bar.

Kalash language

Kalash or Kalasha (also known as Kalasha-mun) is an Indo-European language in the Indo-Aryan branch, further classified as a Dardic language in the Chitral Group. However, this Dardic classification is questionable because only 53% of the commonly used words in Kalash have cognates in Khowar language.


Piergiorgio Odifreddi

Piergiorgio Odifreddi (born July 13, 1950), is an Italian mathematician (person who studies mathematics), logician (person who studies reason), essayist (person who writes essays) and fond of the history of science.

He is particularly well-known in Italy for his longstanding criticisms and ridicule of the Catholic Church and religions in general and the writings and popular interventions of Antonino Zichichi.

Lubanki dialect

Lubanki, also known as Labanki, is a extinct Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Lubanas tribal grouping in the Republic of India and Pakistan. It is classified as a form or dialect of Punjabi. Lubanki has been spoken in the Rajasthan and Gujarat areas and some areas of Pakistan. The Punjabi word tanda is allegedly of Lubanki origin and means a town. The dialect is almost extinct. With the loss of the language's prestige and status, most Lubanas now speak other forms of Punjabi as their primary language.

When Guru Tegh Bahadur Was discovered by Baba Makhan Shah Labana, Makhan Shah climbed on top a village roof and started shouting the famous line Guru ladho rae "The Guru has been found", which is alleged to be in Lubanki dialect.

Parkari Koli language

The Parkari Koli language (sometimes called just Parkari) is a language mainly spoken in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.

Sarikoli language

The Sarikoli language (also Selekur, Sarikul, Sariqul, Sariköli) is a member of the Pamir subgroup of the Southeastern Iranian languages spoken by Tajiks in China and border regions of Pakistani Kashmir.

Waziristani dialect

Waziri language is a Southeastern Iranian language spoken by the Wazir Pashtun tribe in Waziristan in Pakistan. It is also spoken by some of the neighboring people of Pakistan and Afghanistan. The language can be considered a dialect of the Pashto language but has some distinctive features and vocabulary.

Phallus

The word phallus refers to an erect penis, to a penis-shaped object such as a dildo, or to a mimetic image of an erect penis.

Any object that symbolically resembles a penis may also be referred to as a phallus, or as being "phallic" (as in 'phallic symbol'). Such symbols represent the fertility associated with the male sexual organ, and the male orgasm.

When an erect penis is shown in art, it is often called a phallus (). Erotic (sexually exciting) art has shown phalluses for a very long time. Pictures of men with erections appear on ancient objects and in paintings.

The erect penis was also a symbol or sign of health and fertility (the ability to give life). The Hohle Fels phallus was found in a cave in Germany. It is a piece of stone carved to look like a penis that is about 28,000 years old.

From the fourth millennium B.C. (4000–3001 B.C.), Ancient Egyptians worshipped Min as the god of reproduction and the maker of all things. Min was shown in statues and on wall carvings as having an erect penis.

The Ancient Greeks believed in a god called "Priapus" who had a very large penis that was always erect. He was thought to protect livestock (animals kept by humans for food, milk, leather or wool), fruit plants and gardens, and men's sex organs. He was also seen as able to chase away evil, and as a protector of sailors, fishermen and others needing good luck. The oldest piece of writing about Priapus that is known is a comedy (a funny or silly play) written some time in the fourth century B.C. (400–301 B.C.). In Greek mythology, Priapus tried to attack a nymph (a female spirit) named Lotis who was sleeping so he could force her to have sex. However, a donkey brayed – it gave a loud cry. This made him lose his erection, and also woke Lotis up. To save Lotis, the gods turned her into a lotus plant. In the end, Priapus's lust – his strong desire to have sex – made him have an erection all the time, and his penis grew so large that he could not move. Although some temples were built for people to pray to Priapus, he was mostly worshipped in people's homes or gardens. Donkeys would sometimes be killed and offered to him, but gifts of fish, flowers, fruit and vegetables were also very common. Statues of Priapus were often placed at doorways and crossroads (places where two roads crossed). To make Priapus happy, people passing by would stroke the statue's penis.

A Herma, or herm, is a sculpture with a head, and perhaps a torso, above a plain, usually squared lower section, on which male genitals may also be carved at the appropriate height. The form originated in Ancient Greece, and was adopted by the Romans, and revived at the Renaissance.

In ancient Greece the statues had an apotropaic function, and were placed at crossings and borders as protection. Hermes was a phallic god, associated with fertility, luck, roads and borders. His name comes from the word "herma". In Athens, they were placed outside houses for good luck and protection. They would be adorned with garlands or wreaths and anointed with olive oil to obtain luck.

Shiva, perhaps the most ancient of the Indian deities, and the third of the Hindu Trinity—one of the most widely worshipped and edified deity in the Hindu pantheon, is worshipped often in the form of the lingam, or phallus. Evidence of phallic worship in the India date back to prehistoric times. Stone Lingams with several varieties of stylized "heads", or the glans, are found to this date in many of the old temples, and in museums in India and abroad.

The famous man-size lingam in the Parashurameshwar Temple in the Chitoor Distirct of the Indian State of Andhra Pradesh, better known as the Gudimallam Lingam, is about 1.5 metres in height, carved in polished black granite. Dated back to ca. 2300-2800 BC, it is one of the existing lingams from the pre-Buddhist period. The almost naturalistic giant lingam is distinguished by its prominent, bulbous head, and an anthropomorphic form of Shiva carved in high relief on the shaft. Shiva Lingams in India have tended to become more and more stylized over the centuries, and existing lingams from before the 6th century show a more leaning towards the naturalistic style, with the glans clearly indicated.

Today, phalluses do not often appear in artworks or movies (except in pornographic movies which show people having sex with each other). This is because many people think that showing a man's penis when it is erect is obscene (not decent).


Sandbach

Sandbach is a market town in Cheshire, United Kingdom. It is in the Borough of Congleton.The town is mainly populated by White British Inhabitants.


Alsager

Alsager is a town and civil parish in Cheshire, England. It is located in the Borough of Congleton, near to the border with Staffordshire.

In the 2011 census, the town had a population of 11,775.

In 2007, Alsager was awarded Fairtrade town status by the Fairtrade Foundation.

Despite the town's Staffordshire postcode and Crewe dialling code, it is its own town, and is not part of Crewe or Stoke-on-Trent.


Badawi Pass

The Badawi Pass connects Dir with Kohistan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bilafond La

Bilafond La (meaning "Pass of the Butterflies") is a mountain pass on Saltoro Ridge . It is , also called the Saltoro Pass. It is west of the large Siachen Glacier. India controls the pass now. It is near the Line of Control dividing Indian- and Pakistani-administered territory.

Sia La Pass

Sia La is a mountain pass on Saltoro Ridge, which is immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier. Currently held by India, the pass is near the line of control dividing Indian- and Pakistani-administered territory.

Bara-lacha-la Pass

Bara-lacha-la (also known as Bara-lacha Pass, el. 5045 m./16,400 ft.) is a high mountain pass connecting Lahaul District in Himachal Pradesh to Ladakh in Jammu & Kashmir state.
A narrow pass in greater Himalayan ranges of HP, located at a height of 1200 ft. This pass is not available for transportation during winter due to snow cover

Changla Pass

The Changla Pass (el. 5425 m./17,800 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Ladakh, India.

Fotu La

Fotu La () or Fatu La is the highest mountain pass on the Srinagar-Leh highway in the Himalaya in Kashmir.

Khardong La Pass

Khardung La ("la" means "pass" in Tibetan) is a high mountain pass located in the Ladakh region, Maqbuza Kashmir. It is at 5359 m above seal level.The local pronunciation is "Khardong La" or "Khardzong La" but, as with most names in Ladakh, the romanised spelling varies.
The pass on the Ladakh Range is north of Leh and is the gateway to the Shyok and Nubra valleys. The Siachen Glacier lies part way up the latter valley. Built in 1976, it was opened to public motor vehicles in 1988. Maintained by the Border Roads Organisation, the pass is strategically important to India as it is used to carry supplies to the Siachen Glacier Disputed.

The elevation of Khardung La is 5,359 m (17,582 ft).[1] Local summit signs and dozens of stores selling shirts in Leh incorrectly claim that its elevation is in the vicinity of 5,602 m (18,379 ft)[citation needed] and that it is the world's highest motorable pass.
Lungalacha La Pass

Lachulanga la (el. 5059 m) is a mountain pass on the Leh-Manali highway.It located 54 km from Sarchu and 24 km from Pang on the Manali Leh highway. This is one of the easier 16000+ passes and it can be traversed cross country by moving along the nala on both side. However due to lack of greenry in this region, the climbers / hikers face breathlessness during climb and those who have not undergone acclimatisation may face severe symptoms of AMS.

Marsimik La

Marsimik La, elevation 5,582 metres (18,314 ft), is a high mountain pass in the Chang-Chemno Range in northern Kashmir (India). There is a road over this pass, over which suitably adapted vehicles have been driven, but it is not a motorable pass in the sense that the road is not in good enough condition to permit transit by normal vehicles.

If it were motorable, it would be the highest motorable pass in Kashmir, but reports suggest that there are probably higher motorable passes in Tibet.

Located 16 km northeast of the northwest tip of Pangong Lake, the pass is on the shortest route from there to the contested Kongka La (Pass) area 42 km farther northeast on the China - Occupied Kashmir line of actual control. Marsimik La is four km west of the sharp 6000 to 6500 meter ridge line forming the line of actual control.

Namika La Pass

Namika la (el. 3700 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Himalaya in Maqbuza Kashmir on the Srinagar-Leh highway.

Pensi La Pass

Pensi-la is a mountain pass in the Ladakh region of Kashmir, which is known as the Gateway to Zanskar.

Sasser Pass

Sasser Pass or Saser-la (el. 5411 m./17,753 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Kashmir on the ancient summer caravan route from Ladakh to Yarkand in the Tarim Basin. It leads from the head of the Nubra Valley into the upper Shyok valley, on the way to the even higher, but easier, Karakoram Pass.

Shingo La Pass

Shingo-la is a mountain pass in Jammu and Kashmir, on the border between Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh (Republic of India). There is a shallow lake or pool about 20m below the pass. The pass is on a footpath linking Zanskar and Lahaul, used often by locals and trekkers alike. For trekkers it is one of the technically easiest 5000m passes in Indian Himalaya, involving no glacier trekking nor steep climbs. There is snow on the pass all year round. In the summer, only a small stretch of snow has to be passed.

Tanglang La Pass

Taglang La, elevation , is a high mountain pass in Ladakh, Kashmir.

Bolan Pass

Bolan Pass ( Dharaa Bolan) is a mountain pass through the Toba Kakar Range of mountains in western Pakistan, 120 kilometres from the Afghanistan border.

Broghol Pass

Broghol Pass, also spelled Boroghil and several other ways, (el. 3798 m./12,460 ft.) is a high mountain pass that crosses the Pamir Mountains and connects the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan with Chitral in Pakistan.

Chaprot Pass

Chaprot Pass or Daintar Pass is a mountain pass to the northeast of Mehrbani Peak (5639) in the northwest of Chaprot.

Dorah Pass

Dorah Pass, also spelled and pronounced Durah Pass, connects Badakshan in Afghanistan with Chitral in Pakistan. The Dorah Pass is more than 14,000 feet (4,300 m) high. It crosses the Hindu Kush mountains. The pass became important during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan because the Soviets could not stop the flow of arms and men back and forth across the pass. Almost all the Munji-speaking people of Afghanistan fled across the border to Chitral during the War in Afghanistan.

Pamir is a high plateau sometimes called "The roof of the world" that joins Pakistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, China and Kashmir. Marco Polo is believed to have crossed the Pamir Mountains on his way to China.

The Dorah Pass is one of the four major mountain passes that enter Chitral. The others are the Broghol Pass from the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan, Shandur Top from Gilgit, and Lowari Top from Dir in Pakistan.

Gondogoro Pass

Gondogoro Pass is a high mountain pass on the Gondogoro Glacier near Vigne Glacier.

Gumal Pass

Gumal Pass or Gomal Pass () is a mountain pass on the border of Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas. It takes its name from the Gomal River. It is midway between Khyber Pass and Bolan Pass.

Hayal Pass

Hayal Pass (el. 4600 m.) is a high mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley, Pakistan. The pass lies in the west of Naltar Pass.

Hispar Pass

Hispar Pass (or Hispar La) (el. 5,128 m./16,824 ft.) is a high-altitude, non-technical mountain pass in the Karakoram Range in Pakistan.

At the pass, the Biafo Glacier (63 km. long) and Hispar Glacier (49 km long) meet to form the world's longest glacial traverse outside of the polar regions, 100 kilometers in length.

Karakar Pass

Karakar Pass (el. 1336 m./4384 ft.) is a mountain pass in the Hindu Kush in Pakistan.

From the top of the pass, one can view Buner Valley. It was at this pass that the Emperor Akbar lost most of his 8000-man army in an abortive attempt to invade Swat in 1586.

The 45 km-long road from Pir Baba (RA) to Barikot passes through Mount Ilam rising through mature pine forests to Karakar pass.

Khojak Pass

Khojak Pass (el. 7,513 ft) connects Qila Abdullah with Chaman in the province of Baluchistan, Pakistan.

khojak pass is between Quetta and Chaman. 22 kilometer before Chaman. 
Khojak tunnel 5.2 kilometer long (3.2 miles). 
Small forts to defend pass on each hill top. 
Picture of khojak tunnel is on old five rupees note.

Kilik Pass

Kilik Pass (el. 4827 m./15,837 ft.), 30 km to the west of Mintaka Pass is a high mountain pass in Pakistan. The two passes were, in ancient times, the two main access points into the Upper Hunza Valley (also called Gojal Valley) from the north.

This was the shortest and quickest way into northern Kashmir from the Tarim Basin, and one that was usually open all year, but was extremely dangerous and only suited for travellers on foot. From Tashkurgan one travelled just over 70 km south to the junction of the Minteke River. Heading some 80 km west up this valley one reached the Mintaka Pass, (and 30 km farther, the alternative Kilik Pass), which both led into upper Hunza from where one could travel over the infamous rafiqs or "hanging passages" to Gilgit and on, either to Kashmir, or to the Gandharan plains.

Laden animals could be taken over the Mintaka and Kilik passes into upper Hunza (both open all year), but then loads would have to be carried by coolie (porters) to Gilgit (an expensive and dangerous operation). From there, cargoes could be reloaded onto pack animals again and taken either east to Kashmir and then on to Taxila (a long route), or west to Chitral which provided relatively easy access to either Jalalabad, or Peshawar via Swat.

The Mintaka Pass was the main one used in ancient times until the fairly recent advance of glacier ice. After the glaciation of the Mintaka Pass, the Kilik Pass was favoured by caravans coming from China and Afghanistan as it is wider, free of glaciers and provided enough pasture for caravan animals.

The new Karakoram Highway heads farther south, and then west over the Khunjerab Pass (4,934 m or 16,188 ft; 36° 51' N; 75° 32' E).

Kohat Pass

Kohat Pass is a mountain pass in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, connecting Kohat with Peshawar, crossing the Khigana Mountains.

As the road to the pass is steep and too narrow for large vehicles, the Kohat Tunnel was constructed and opened in June, 2003.

Lowari Pass

Lowari Pass (or Lowari Top) (elevation ) is a high mountain pass that connects Chitral with Dir in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Lowari Top is a relatively low pass, by far the lowest pass to enter Chitral, the rest all being 12,000 to 15,000 feet.

Malakand Pass

Malakand Pass is a mountain pass in Pakistan.

The pass road begins at Dargai. The road across the pass is in good condition, but is always crowded with a continuous stream of trucks. From a viewpoint about one kilometre before the top of the pass, one can see the Swat Canal in the valley below. It was built by the British to channel water from the Swat River through a tunnel under the Malakand Pass to the plains around Mardan.

On the left, Malakand Fort guards the road at the top of the pass. On the other side of the pass, the road descends through the market town of Bat Khela, with a Hindu Shahi fort perched above it, and continues past the headworks of the Swat Canal to the Swat River. The first bridge across the river is at Chakdara, which carries the road to Dir and Chitral.

Mintaka Pass

Mintaka Pass (also known as Minteke Pass) (el. 4709 m./15,450 ft.) or the nearby Kilik Pass (4,827 m or 15,837 ft (4,827 m) high; 37° 05' N; 74° 41' E), 30 km to the west, were, in ancient times, the two main access points into the Upper Hunza Valley from the north. The Hunza Valley is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Mustagh Pass

The Mustagh Pass or Muztagh Pass is a pass across the Baltoro Muztagh range in the Karakorams and includes K2, the world's second highest mountain. The crest of the Baltoro Muztagh marks the present border between Pakistani and Chinese territory.

Drosophila melanogaster

Drosophila melanogaster is a small, common fly found near rotting fruit. It has been in use for over a century to study genetics and lends itself well to behavioral studies.

Thomas Hunt Morgan studied "Drosophila" early in the 1900s. He and his team were the first to discover sex-linkage and genetic recombination, which placed the small fly in the forefront of genetic research.

Due to its small size, ease of culture and short generation time, geneticists have been using "Drosophila" ever since. It is one of the organisms whose entire genome is known, and many hundreds of genes have been identified and studied.

Fruit flies are easily obtained from the wild and most biological science companies carry a variety of different mutations. In addition these companies sell equipment to culture the flies. Costs are relatively low and most equipment can be used year after year.

The fly's vision is its most important sense organ. Approximately two thirds of the "Drosophila" brain is dedicated to visual processing. Although their ability to distinguish fine detail is worse than that of humans, their ability to time things (such as flight) is about ten times better.

The compound eye of the fruit fly contains 760 units or "ommatidia", and are one of the most advanced among insects. Each "ommatidium" contains eight photoreceptor cells (R1–8), support cells, pigment cells, and a cornea (lens). Wild-type flies have reddish pigment cells, which serve to absorb excess blue light so the fly is not blinded by ambient light.

The wings of a fly are capable of beating at up to 220 times per second. Flies fly via straight sequences of movement interspersed by rapid turns called "saccades". During these turns, a fly is able to rotate 90 degrees in fewer than 50 milliseconds.

It was long thought that the characteristics of "Drosophila" flight were dominated by the viscosity of the air, rather than the inertia of the fly body. However, research has shown that flies perform banked turns, where the fly accelerates, slows down while turning, and accelerates again at the end of the turn. This indicates that inertia is the dominant force, as is the case with larger flying animals.

In order to mate with a female fruit fly, the male fruit fly has to do a special courting dance.

The sexual intercourse usually lasts from about 15–20 minutes, in which several hundred relatively long sperm are released into the female’s body. The female then stores these sperm in her spermathecae, and then becomes pregnant. It only takes the female a few days to give birth to about five eggs.

The stages are broadly similar between species. There are differences which presumably help keep the species distinct.

Some reports have the wing vibration earlier in the procedure. In any event, there are some differences between even closely related species.

Lauren Bacall

Lauren Bacall (, born Betty Joan Perske; September 16, 1924 – August 12, 2014) was an American actress and model. She was well known for her deep voice. She started acting in the 1940s. She acted until 2014. She had big roles in movies like "The Big Sleep" and "Dark Passage".

Bacall was the fourth wife of actor Humphrey Bogart. They were married until Bogart died in 1957. They had a son, Stephen (born 1949), and a daughter, Leslie (born 1952). Bacall married Jason Robards in 1961. They had one son, Sam (born 1961). They divorced in 1969. Bacall was once briefly engaged to singer Frank Sinatra.

Bacall's cousin was Shimon Peres, the former Prime Minister and President of Israel. Their fathers were brothers.

On August 12, 2014, Bacall died in New York City from a stroke, aged 89.


Oklahoma City Blue

The Oklahoma City Blue are an NBA Development League team based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. They play at the Cox Convention Center. They were also known as the Asheville Altitude when they played in Asheville, North Carolina from 2001 until 2005 and as the Tulsa 66ers when the team played in Tulsa, Oklahoma from 2005 until 2014.

In July 2014, the Thunder moved the 66ers to Oklahoma City. The management said that there was "circumstances beyond our control" which stemmed from stalled relocation attempts.


NBA G League

The NBA G League, or Gatorade League, is the National Basketball Association's officially sponsored and operated developmental basketball organization. When the league was formed in 2001, it was called the National Basketball Development League (NBDL). In 2005, it entered into a formal relationship with the NBA and became the NBA Development League, or D-League. After the 2016–17 season, the NBA entered a sponsorship deal with PepsiCo's Gatorade brand of sports drinks; the league first called itself the "Gatorade League", but settled on "G League", reflecting Gatorade's use of a single large "G" as its brand logo.


Bitwise operation

In computer programming, a bitwise operation operates on a bit array at the level of its individual bits.

In the explanations below, any indication of a bit's position is counted from the right side, moving left. For example, the binary value 0001 (decimal 1) has zeroes at every position but the first (i.e. the rightmost) one.

The bitwise NOT, or complement, is an operation that performs logical negation on each bit. Bits that are 0 become 1, and those that are 1 become 0. For example:

A bitwise AND is an operation that takes two bit patterns and performs the logical AND operation on each pair of bits. If both bits in the compared position are 1, the result is 1 otherwise the result is 0. For example:

A bitwise OR is an operation that takes two bit patterns of equal length and performs the logical inclusive OR operation on each pair of bits. If both bits are 0 the result is 0, while otherwise, the result is 1. For example:

A bitwise XOR is an operation that takes two bit patterns of equal length and performs the logical exclusive OR operation on each pair of bits. If both bits are 0 the result 0, if one bit is 1 and the other is zero the result is 1, and if both bits are 1 the result is 0.

Irving Berlin

Irving Berlin (May 11, 1888 – September 22, 1989), born Israel Baline in Imperial Russia, was a Jewish-American songwriter.

Berlin's first popular success was "Alexander's Ragtime Band."

In 1938, Kate Smith made "God Bless America" a popular hit.

In 1942, Berlin won the Academy Award for the best original song in the movie "Holiday Inn". The song was "White Christmas.". Bing Crosby recorded the song. This became "the best-selling record of all time."

Broadway musicals written by Berlin included "Annie Get Your Gun" and "Call me Madam."


Supercentenarian

A supercentenarian is someone who has lived to the age of 110 years or more, something achieved by only one in a thousand centenarians. A very small number of supercentenarians have lived to be 115. Early uses of the word meant a person well over 100, but now it is just known as people who are 110 or older.

Thomas Johhanes Peters (1745 - 1857) is the first undisputed supercentenarian case in history.

Jeanne Calment (1875 - 1997) had the world's longest verified human lifespan at 122 years, 164 days.

Jiroemon Kimura (1897 - 2013) is the longest lived documented man at 116 years, 54 days.



Leila Denmark

Leila Alice Daughtry Denmark, M.D. (February 1, 1898– April 1, 2012) is an American pediatrician who still worked until she was 103. She worked on the vaccine for pertussis (also known as whooping cough) in the 1920s and 1930s.

As a doctor, she was one of the first to be against smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women. She also thinks that it is bad to drink cow's milk, people should eat fruit but not drink fruit juices, and drink only water.

When she turned 100, she did not want cake because it had too much sugar in it. She turned 110 in 2008, becoming a rare case of a supercentenarian who had been known for reasons other than her age.



Dhow

The dhow is a type of boat. It is Middle Eastern in make. The boat is a popular type of transport along the Nile river. The dhow is normally small with a big sail.

Sarah Siddons

Sarah Siddons (5 July 1755 – 8 June 1831) was a Welsh actress. She was the best-known actress who played tragedies of the 18th century. She was the older sister of John Philip Kemble, Charles Kemble, Stephen Kemble, Ann Hatton and Elizabeth Whitlock. She is very famous for the way she played the Shakespearean character Lady Macbeth. She grew to like the character very much.

She was born Sarah Kemble in Brecon, Brecknockshire, Wales. She was the oldest daughter of Roger Kemble, an actor and manager. He travelled around with his company, which included most members of his family, and Sarah "Sally" Ward.

Acting was only just becoming a respectable profession for a woman. At first, her parents did not like the fact that she had chosen to become an actress.

In 1774, Siddons had her first success as "Belvidera" in Thomas Otway's "Venice Preserved". Because of this role, David Garrick noticed her. Garrick later sent someone to see her act as Calista in Thomas Rowe's "Fair Penitent". After this, she was engaged to appear at Drury Lane. She was inexperienced. Because of this, and other factors, her first appearances as Portia in the play "The Merchant of Venice" and in other parts were not well received. She received a note from the manager of Drury Lane saying that her services would not be required. She was, in her own words :

In 1777, she went to play in the provinces. For the next six years she worked in provincial companies, in particular in York and Bath. Her fame grew. Her next Drury Lane appearance on 10 October 1782 was very different. She was an immediate sensation playing the title role in Garrick's adaptation of a play by Thomas Southerne, "Isabella, or, The Fatal Marriage".

Her most famous role was that of "Lady Macbeth". Because she was very good at expressing emotion when she acted "Lady Macbeth"'s murderous passions she could captivate her audience. Lady Macbeth was the play best adapted to her acting. She was tall and had a striking figure, brilliant beauty, powerfully expressive eyes, and solemn dignity of demeanour. This allowed her to claim the character as her own.

After Lady Macbeth she played Desdemona in "Othello", Rosalind in "As You Like It", "Ophelia" and "Volumnia", all with great success. In "Queen Catherine" she discovered a role that was almost as well adapted to her acting powers as that of "Lady Macbeth".

It was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the queen of Drury Lane. Her celebrity status has been called "mythical" and "monumental". By "the mid-1780s Siddons was established as a cultural icon." She mixed with the literary and social elites of London society. She knew people like Samuel Johnson, Edmund Burke, Hester Thrale Piozzi, and William Windham.

In 1802 she left Drury Lane. She then appeared on the stage of a rival theatre, Covent Garden, from time to time. It was there, on 29 June 1812, that she gave perhaps the most extraordinary farewell performance in theatre history. She was playing her most famous role, Lady Macbeth, and the audience refused to allow the play to continue after the end of the sleepwalking scene. Eventually, after tumultuous applause from the pit, the curtain reopened and Siddons was discovered sitting in her own clothes and character - whereupon she made an emotional farewell speech to the audience lasting eight minutes.

Mrs Siddons formally retired from the stage in 1812, but continued to appear on special occasions. Her last appearance was on 9 June 1819 as "Lady Randolph" in John Home's "Douglas".

She began as a ladies maid to Lady Greathead at Guy’s Cliffe House, near the Saxon Mill, Coventry Road, Warwick.

In 1773, at the age of 18, she married William Siddons, an actor. She was less lucky with her family. She had seven children but five of them died. Her marriage to William Siddons was the cause of many problems. They could not divorce, but they separated, and lived in different places.

Sarah Siddons died in 1831 in London. She is buried in Saint Mary's Cemetery at Paddington Green.

Sir Joshua Reynolds painted his famous portrait, "Mrs. Siddons as the Tragic Muse," in 1784, and signed it on the hem of her dress, "for," he told her, "I have resolved to go down to posterity on the hem of your garment."

In 1950, Joseph Mankiewicz saw the portrait and decided that it would provide the setting for the opening scene of All About Eve. The scene opened in the ballroom of the then fictitious Sarah Siddons Society. The occasion is the presentation of the Sarah Siddons award statuette, modeled on Sarah Siddons as the "Tragic Muse". In the climactic party scene, the painting is prominently displayed between Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe. The portrait also presides over the final scene when Anne Baxter moves past it.

In 1957, Bette Davis posed as Sarah Siddons in a re-creation of the painting staged as part of the Pageant of the Masters.

At the time of the release of All About Eve, "The Sarah Siddons Award" was a purely fictitious award. However, there now exists the American Sarah Siddons Award for dramatic achievement in theatre: a genuine and prestigious award, named in honor of Siddons. The award is given annually in Chicago by the "Sarah Siddons Society."

The London Underground had an electric locomotive built by Vickers named after her. Used on the Metropolitan Line, No. 12 lasted along with other locomotives, until 1961. Painted a maroon colour, she is now the only one of twenty locomotives to remain preserved in working order.

Michael Corby, founder of the 1970s group The Babys, is reportedly the great-great-great-great-grandson of Sarah Siddons.



Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

The Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were nuclear attacks on the Empire of Japan during World War II (WWII). The United States and the Allies were fighting against Japan and slowly winning. Two nuclear weapons were dropped on Japan, one on the city of Hiroshima and the other on the city of Nagasaki. The generals wanted to bomb Kokura instead of Nagasaki, but it was too cloudy over Kokura that day. U.S. President Harry S. Truman ordered these attacks on August 6 and 9, 1945. This was near the end of WWII.

The atomic bombs had been created through the Manhattan Project. They created two bombs. The first bomb was called Little Boy, and was to be dropped on Hiroshima, and the second bomb was called Fat Man, and was to be dropped on Nagasaki. Nuclear bombs are much more powerful than other bombs. Six days after the explosion over Nagasaki, and after the Soviet invasion of Manchukuo, Japan surrendered to the Allied Powers on August 15. Japan signed the surrender paper on September 2. This officially ended the Pacific War and World War II.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were chosen for several reasons. First, both cities were unsuitable for firebombing, mainly due to the river deltas preventing firestorms from being very effective. Second, both cities had areas which provided a good measurement for damage caused by the nuclear bombs. Third and finally, both cities contained strategic personnel and installations; Hiroshima was the headquarters of the 2nd General Army and 5th Division with 40,000 Japanese combatants stationed within the city's limit, and Nagasaki contained two large Mitsubishi armament factories and many other medium-to-small workshops and plants providing vital war components for Japan's military.

Several other cities were selected for similar reasons and some of those were rejected due to bad weather. As with other Japanese cities, these targets were mixed in with civilian homes, schools, and temples. Sources said that at least 54% of the deaths in Hiroshima were combatants and slave laborers while 72% of the deaths in Nagasaki were war industry employees and slave laborers, however these figures at various points mix soldiers, enslaved POWs and victims of Japanese occupations and do not necessarily correspond to the overall population of the cities and the overall casualties

Many say that the atomic bombs actually saved many lives in the long run because it prevented the invasion of Japan. However, Japan had lost a huge part of its food resources and the majority of its navy. Many of these people suggest that Japan may have lacked the strength to carry out major fighting. US military commanders made statements during and immediately after 1945 that they believed Japan was effectively defeated prior to the dropping of the bomb. Before the bombs, Japan offered to surrender, on condition that their leaders had to stay in charge. America said the Emperor of Japan leader could stay in power, but the Japanese had to take orders from American soldiers placed in Japan, making it an occupied territory. More people would have been killed in a full battle in Japan. Some give different guesses of deaths in an invasion and deaths by the atomic bombs, and say that the bombings were not necessary. People still argue about this. No nuclear weapon has ever been used against a target since August 9, 1945.

The decision to use nuclear weapons on Japan was made after an analysis showed that more than a million people—combatants and civilians of both nations—would die if Japan was invaded by Allied forces. The nuclear bombings, while shocking and unprecedented, actually paled in comparison with the "Operation Meetinghouse" firebombing of Tokyo on March 9/10, 1945, which killed 100,000 civilians and destroyed 16 square miles in a single night. Doing nothing or waiting for surrender was not an option because hundreds of thousands of combatants, civilians, and prisoners of war were dying each month in the territories of the Empire of Japan.

Partly because of the atomic bombings, Japan adopted the Three Non-Nuclear Principles after the war. These principles said that Japan could not create or try to get nuclear weapons. A scientist Albert Einstein wrote a letter about the atomic bomb on August 2, 1939. But he said later, "I made one great mistake in my life, when I signed a letter to President Roosevelt recommending that atom bombs be made."



W. S. Gilbert

Sir William Schwenck Gilbert (18 November 1836 – 29 May 1911) was an English dramatist, librettist, poet and illustrator. He is best known for the comic operas (or operettas) that he wrote with Sir Arthur Sullivan.

Gilbert worked in the civil service for a few years, but he did not like it. He studied law and became a lawyer, but not many people hired him. To make more money, he wrote short stories and comic poems for magazines. He also worked as a theatre critic. Gilbert made drawings for some of his poems and signed them "Bab", a nickname he had when he was a baby. Those poems became known as "The Bab Ballads" and were very popular.

In the 1860s Gilbert started writing plays. At first he wrote parodies of other writers' plays and operas, but soon he developed his own way of writing. Gilbert wrote many plays; most of them are not performed anymore, but "Engaged" (1877), about a man who proposes marriage to every woman he meets, is still performed.

In 1871 Gilbert started working with Sullivan. They wrote fourteen comic operas together; Gilbert wrote the words and Sullivan wrote the music. Their fourth opera, "H.M.S. Pinafore" (1878), made the team of "Gilbert and Sullivan" famous all over the English-speaking world. Besides "Pinafore", their best-known operas are "The Pirates of Penzance" (1879) and "The Mikado" (1885). The Gilbert and Sullivan operas are still performed very often, by opera companies, theatre companies, and groups in schools and colleges.

Gilbert and Sullivan sometimes argued about what to write and how to write it, but they worked together for 25 years, from 1871 to 1896. When they were angry with each other, they wrote operas with other people, but those operas did not make as much money as the operas they wrote together. When Sullivan died in 1900, Gilbert stopped writing operas.

Gilbert directed his own plays and operas. He wanted the actors to talk in a natural way, and not shout as if they were giving a speech to a big crowd. Gilbert's ideas helped other playwrights, like Oscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw, to make their plays more real.

The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor

The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is a 2008 American adventure movie. It is a sequel to "The Mummy" and "The Mummy Returns". It was released on August 1, 2008 in the United States. Jet Li is in the movie also.

The movie opened in Los Angeles on July 27, 2008.

Most critics said the movie is bad. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" liked it as "plain dumb fun."


Borough of Congleton

The Borough of Congleton (or Congleton Borough) is in Cheshire, England. The towns of Alsager, Congleton, Middlewich and Sandbach are in the Borough. It was part of the second tier of local government. It was replaced by Cheshire East in April 2009.

The percentage of people of each religion in the borough. 

People stating religion as: 



Naltar Pass

Naltar Pass is a mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley in Pakistan. The pass lies west of Chaprot Pass and east of Hayal Pass.

Shangla Pass

Shangla Pass is a mountain pass in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It connects Upper Swat with Lower Swat.

Diphu Pass

Diphu Pass is a path through the mountains where the borders of the People's Republic of China, India and Myanmar meet. Diphu Pass is a strategic route to southern South Tibet.


Dongka La Pass

Dongkha (el. 3060 m./12,000 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Himalaya connecting Sikkim in Republic of India with Tibet.

The pass offers a view of the Tibetan Plateau. The pass is located in North Sikkim. Near the pass is the placid Cholamo Lake, 6.5 km long and 2.5 km wide.

Goecha La Pass

Goecha La (el. 4940 m.) is a high mountain pass in Sikkim, India in the Himalaya range.

The pass has a view of the southeast face of Kanchenjunga, the third highest mountain in the world.

Haldighati Pass

Haldighati is a mountain pass in the Aravalli Range of Rajasthan in western India. It connects Rajsamand and Pali districts, 40 kilometres from Udaipur. The name is believed to have come from the turmeric-coloured yellow soil. (Turmeric is haldi in Hindi.)

Jelep La Pass

Jelep La (also spelled Jelepla) (el. 4267 m./14,300 ft.) is a high mountain pass between Sikkim and Tibet.

Etymologically the term Jelep La is derived from jelep meaning lonely and la meaning pass in Tibetan. The pass is in Sikkim and the route connects Lhasa to the Republic of India. The pass is 46 metres (150 feet) in length.

Kasara Ghat Pass

Kasara Ghat is a ghat (mountain pass) in the Western Ghats, near the town of Kasara in Maharashtra, India. The Kasara Ghat is located on the busy Mumbai–Nashik route, and is one of the four major rail and road routes leading into Mumbai. The railway line, which passes through the ghat, is the steepest in India with a gradient (slope) of 1 in 37.

Kumbharli Ghat Pass

The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass in Maharashtra, India cutting across the Western Ghats range. It connects the coastal Konkan part of Maharashtra with the Marathwada region on the Deccan plateau.

Lipu-Lekh Pass

Lipu-Lekh Pass (el. 5350 m.) is a Himalayan pass in the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand, India.

Nama Pass

Nama Pass (el. 5500 m.) is a Himalayan mountain pass that is found in the eastern part of the Kumaun region in the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand, India.

Naneghat Pass

Naneghat (Marathi: नाणेघाट) is a mountain pass in the Western Ghats range near Junnar in Pune district of Maharashtra, India.

Palakkad Gap Pass

Palakkad Gap is a 32-42 kilometer wide low mountain pass in the Western Ghats, near Palakkad town in the South Indian State of Kerala.

Pangsau Pass

Pangsau Pass, 3727 feet in altitude, lies on the crest of the Patkai Hills on the Republic of India-Burma (Myanmar) border.

Pin Parvati Pass

The Pin Parvati Pass is a mountain pass in Himachal Pradesh, India.

Rohtang Pass

Rohtang Pass (el. 13,051 ft (3,978 m) is a high mountain pass 51 km from Manali that connects the Kullu Valley with the Lahul and Spiti valleys of Himachal Pradesh, Republic of India.

The pass is open only from May to November. It is used by a lot of cars, buses and trucks.

A tunnel with 8.8 km (5.5 mi) length is built at 3,100 metres (10,171 ft) elevation and will be opened in 2019. Travelling on the Leh-Manali Highway will then be possible all the year. Now it takes 4 to 6 hours to cross Rohtang pass. It will then take about half an hour to travel through the Rohtang tunnel.

Shipki La Pass

Shipkila is a mountain pass and border post on the Republic of India-People's Republic of China border. It is through this pass which the river Sutlej enters India (from the Tibet Autonomous Region).

It is located in Kinnaur District in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India, and Tibet Autonomous provincial Region in People's Republic of China. The mountainous pass is India's third border post for trade with China after Nathula in Sikkim, and Lipulekh in Uttarakhand. The pass is close to town of Khab. Like other border passes along the Indo-Sino disputed border, it is cliamed by the Chinese and the border because of this is now no longer open for non-residents.

Coordinates & Location Type

Area Type: Hypsographic
Location Type: Pass
Latitude: 31.81667
Longitude: 78.75
Latitude (DMS): 31° 49' 0 N
Longitude (DMS): 78° 45' 0 E

Sin La Pass

Sin La (el. 5495 m.) is a high Himalayan mountain pass in eastern Kumaun. It is in the Pithoragarh District of the Uttarakhand state in India.

Traill's Pass

Traill's Pass (el. 5212 m.) is a mountain pass through the Himalayas in the Uttarakhand state in the districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar in India.

Kangchenjunga

Kangchenjunga (Nepali:कञ्चनजङ्घा Kanchanjaŋghā) SewaLungma (Limbu language) is the third highest mountain in the world (after Mount Everest and K2).

Kangchenjunga has an altitude of 8,586 metres (28,169 ft). Kangchenjunga translated means "The Five Treasures of Snows", as it has five peaks, four of them over 8,450 metres. It is one of the mountains in the range of the Himalayas.

Facebook

Facebook (sometimes shortened to FB) is a social networking service and website started in February 4, 2004. It was built by Mark Zuckerberg. It is owned by Meta, Inc. , Facebook has over one billion active users. Users may make a personal profile, add other users as friends, and send messages. Facebook users must register before using the site. The name of the service comes from the name for the book given to students at the start of the school year by some universities in the United States. These books help students get to know each other better. Facebook allows any users who are at least 13 years old to become users of the website.

Facebook was started by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommates and fellow computer science students Eduardo Saverin, Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes. The website's membership was only for Harvard students at first. Later it included other colleges in the Boston area, the Ivy League, and Stanford University. It eventually opened for students at other universities. After that, it opened to high school students, and, finally, to anyone aged 13 and over. Based on ConsumersReports.org in May 2011, there are 7.5 million children under 13 with accounts. This breaks the website's rules.

A January 2009 Compete.com study ranked Facebook as the most used social networking service by worldwide monthly active users. "Entertainment Weekly" put the site on its end-of-the-decade "best-of" list. It said, "How on earth did we stalk our exes, remember our co-workers birthdays, bug our friends, and play a rousing game of Scrabulous before Facebook?" Quantcast estimates Facebook had 138.9 million monthly different U.S. visitors in May 2011. According to "Social Media Today", in April 2010 about 41.6% of the U.S. population had a Facebook account. Facebook's growth started to slow down in some areas. The site lost 7 million active users in the United States and Canada in May 2011 relative to previous statistics.

Facebook has been involved in many controversies over privacy. Some of these controversies have been about people being able to see personal information that other people post, and others are about companies and advertisers being able to see users' personal information. Facebook has sent ads to people based on the persons gender, age, income, national origin and sexual orientation.

Research published in the journal "PLOS ONE" has shown that Facebook may be responsible for spreading unhappiness through society as well as keeping people connected. Scientists found that the more time people spent on Facebook over a two-week period, the worse they subsequently felt. "On the surface, Facebook provides an invaluable resource for fulfilling the basic human need for social connection. Rather than enhancing well-being, however, these findings suggest that Facebook may undermine it."

In 2018, Facebook launched Facebook Gaming officially on June 1, 2018 with a pool of gaming streamers including Darkness429, Stonemountain64, ThePoolshark, and Alodia Gosiengfiao.

Facebook Gaming or fb.gg is Facebook's take on gaming livestreams where gamers and fans interact. Facebook launched it as a tab on the Facebook app and a standalone app. It also has an In-stream Rewards feature where viewers are gifted in-game rewards while watching streams with "" being a part of pioneering the feature as mentioned by Jack Li, a Facebook Gaming representative, on Moonton Epicon held last July 18, 2019.

In 2019, Jeremy "DisguisedToast" Wang was signed to Facebook Gaming in a surprise move from Twitch. Soon after, Facebook signed "Super Smash Bros." star streamer Gonzalo "ZerO" Barrios.

On February 18, 2020 Ronda Rousey performed her first live stream on Facebook Gaming, announcing that she will stream once per week. The details of her contract were not disclosed.

On April 20, 2020 Facebook launched its gaming app in Playstore, named as Facebook Gaming. This app was actually planned to release in June 2020, but Facebook preponed on witnessing the community demand.

https://www.facebook.com/

List of Oklahoma state symbols

This is a list of Oklahoma's state symbols, including official and unofficial. The official symbols are codified by statute. Many of the unofficial symbols are put in place by Oklahoma Senate of House of Representative resolutions.


Pubic hair

In adults, pubic hair is the hair that covers the area around the sex organs. It is generally darker in colour and stronger in texture than other hair found on the human body. It is caused by the rising levels of androgens during puberty. Pubic hair is a secondary sex characteristic.

Pubic hair appears during puberty in girls and boys. The onset of pubic hair development is termed pubarche. In developed countries, this usually happens around the age of ten in girls and around the age of eleven or twelve in boys. Beginning with only a few hairs above the vulva (in girls) or penis (in boys), the area quickly fills out in a triangular shape, making a thick patch of hair. In boys, the patch becomes a trapezoid shape, meaning four-sided.

A line of hair from the navel toward the penis is sometimes called a happy trail or treasure trail. If there is a narrow line of hair from the navel to the pubic patch above the penis, the pattern is called sagittal. On some males, there is an upward-pointing triangle shape. In that case, the hair pattern is called acuminate. On males and females, hair pubic hair usually extends down past the pubic region and ending at the anus (the hole between the buttocks). In females, hair will cover the outer lips of the vagina; in males, hair will grow around the base of the penis and lightly cover the scrotum (the outer sack containing the testicles). Depending on each person's genetics, the amount and extent of hair can be different from one person to another.

Pubic hair is sometimes called a "bush," "nest," "pubes," or "curlies". On white European people, pubic hair is usually curly. On Asian people and Native Americans, pubic hair is usually not so curly. On most African (Black) people, pubic hair is tightly curled.

About four of five women between ages 18 and 65 say they remove some or all of their pubic hair, according to a 2019 article in the New York Times newspaper. One survey done in 2016 found that about half of the men in the United States cut, trim, shave or remove pubic hair in other ways.
It is more common among younger men than among old men. Pubic hair is sometimes made into a fashion item. Men and women do this. Some people may change the way their pubic hair looks, by trimming or shaping it. One style is called a "landing strip", like a runway where an airplane lands. Muslim women and men are told or encouraged to remove or at least trim pubic hair (as well as armpit hair) although local traditions may be different in some countries. 
Some people use chemicals that dissolve pubic hair. Some people use wax, a sugar paste, laser treatment or electrolysis to remove pubic hair. The use of wax to remove all pubic hair is sometimes called "Brazilian".

Sometimes people change the color. Sometimes people ask, "Does the carpet match the drapes?" This means, "Is the person's pubic hair the same color as the hair on the person's head?" Usually people with red natural hair color have darker red pubic hair. In most cases pubic hair is most similar in color to a person's eyebrows.

White Rose

The White Rose was a German group that opposed the Nazis in World War II. They distributed pamphlets denouncing Adolf Hitler's regime from June 1942 until February 1943. The group consisted of students from the University of Munich along with a professor. 

In June 1942, Alexander Schmorell and Hans Scholl, who were University students at the Ludiwg Maximilian University in Munich, began writing and distributing leaflets that spoke out against Hitler and Nazi Germany. They wrote four leaflets from June-July 1942. The leaflets called for passive resistance to the Nazi regime, and told of the horrors of the War against the Jews (in the second pamphlet, they talk about how “since the conquest of Poland, three hundred thousand Jews have been murdered in this country in the most bestial way.”) The White Rose leaflets were the only Resistance movement in Nazi Germany to speak out against the systematic Holocaust of the Jews. 

A couple hundred copies were made of each leaflet. Hans and Alexander then mailed them out to random addresses from phone books:

"“To set you at rest, we add that the addresses of the readers of the White Rose are not recorded in writing. They were picked at random from directories.”"

"-"Exerpt from fourth leaflet

In July 1942, Alex and Hans, as well as their friend Willi Graf, were ordered to go to the Russian front over the Summer to serve as medics. The resistance activities were put on hold for three months. When Alex and Hans came back in November 1942 they threw themselves back into the Resistance Activities with renewed vigor.

Between November 1942-January 1943, four new members joined the group: Willi Graf, Christoph Probst, Sophie Scholl, and Kurt Huber. These members made up the core of the White Rose group, although there were multiple other members who were in charge of distribution and recruiting for the White Rose.

In January 1942, the fifth leaflet was published. Unlike the other four leaflets, the fifth leaflet had a couple thousand copies printed of it. 

On February 3, after hearing of the defeat of Stalingrad, Hans, Willi and Alexander snuck out that night to graffiti the University walls with slogans such as “Down with Hitler” and “Hitler the mass murderer.” They repeated these graffiti campaigns on February 8 and 15, going so far as to graffiti the Feldherrnhalle , the monument to the Nazis who were killed during Hitler’s failed Beer Hall Putsch. These graffiti campaigns put the Gestapo on red alert.

In early February, the sixth leaflet was published. Thousands of copies were made of this leaflet. There were so many copies that the White Rose members ran out of envelopes to place the leaflets in. Seeing this, Hans and Sophie decided to sneak into the University during classes and place the extra leaflets in the halls. They did not tell the other members of the plan.

On February 18, 1943, Hans and Sophie carried two briefcases stuffed with pamphlets into the University. Hurriedly placing leaflets in the halls, they were about to leave when Sophie realized she still had leaflets lert in her briefcase. Hurrying up to the third floor, she began to place them along the hallways. What happened next is unclear, but something caused Sophie to grab the rest of the leaflets and throw them off the balcony and into the atrium. This spontaneous action was observed by Jakob Schmid, the university custodian who was also a Nazi Party fanatic. He alerted the Gestapo, who stormed the university and captured Sophie and Hans.

Over the next four days, the Gestapo interrogated Sophie and Hans. The two of them gave up no names, but Hans had a handwritten draft for a new leaflet on him when he was captured. The draft of the leaflet was written by Christoph Probst, who was captured on February 20. 

On February 22, 1943, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were put on trial. They were all sentenced to death by Guillotine. Their execution was that same day. Hans and Sophie were able to see their parents before they died. Christoph was not able to see any family.

Over the next few weeks, more members were captured by the Gestapo. On April 19, 1943, the second trial of the White Rose members was held. In it, Willi Graf, Alexander Schmorell, and Kurt Huber were sentenced to death. Ten other members received prison sentences, and one alleged member was acquitted.

Alexander Schmorell and Kurt Huber were executed on July 13, 1943. Willi Graf was held in solitary confinement for about six months as the Gestapo tried to get him to give out names of other members. When that failed, they executed him on October 12, 1943. He was the last of the six main members to be killed.

Today, the White Rose members, especially Hans and Sophie Scholl, are well known in Germany. 

Three movies have been created about the White Rose:

Fünf Letzten Tage (Five last days), released in 1982

Die Weisse Rose (The White Rose), released in 1982

Sophie Scholl:Die Letzen Tage (Sophie Scholl: The Final Days), released in 2005

The core of the White Rose was comprised of five students: Sophie Scholl, her brother Hans Scholl, Alexander Schmorell, Willi Graf, and Christoph Probst. All were between the ages of 21-25 years old. Kurt Huber, Sophie’s Philosophy teacher, was the sixth main member of the White Rose.

There were also other members who were on the fringe of the inner circle of the White Rose. Some of these member include:

Hans Hirzel

Suzanne Hirzel

Franz Joseph Muller

Heinrich Guter

Eugen Grimminger

Dr. Heinrich Phillip Bollinger

Helmut Karl Theodore August Bauer

Dr. Falk Erich Walter Harnack

Gisela Schertling

Katherina Schüddekopf

Traute Lafrenz

<nowiki>*</nowiki>These names came from the second trial of the White Rose members, held on April 19, 1943. Over the course of the war, a total of 29 people were captured and accused of aiding the White Rose. 13 were given prison sentences, and 16 were executed.*

Ring of Fire (song)

"Ring of Fire" is a country music song popularized by Johnny Cash and co-written by June Carter and Merle Kilgore. The single appears on Cash's 1963 compilation album, "". The song was recorded on March 25, 1963 and became the biggest hit of his career, staying at number one on the charts for seven weeks.

Port wine

Port wine (also called "Vinho do Porto", "Oporto, Porto", and often simply "Port") is a Portuguese wine. 

Porto is a fortified wine. This means its alcohol is stronger than ordinary wine. This has the effect of making the wine long-lasting even after the bottle has been opened. Porto is a sweet wine, but comes as dry or semi-dry also. It is often served as a dessert wine.

Port is made in the Douro Valley in the northern provinces of Portugal. Wines which are similar to the Portuguese product called "port" are made in several countries around the world. The biggest producers are Australia, South Africa, India, Canada and the United States. However, under European Union guidelines, only the product from Portugal may be labelled as "Port". In the United States, Federal law mandates that the Portuguese-made product be labeled "Porto" or "Vinho do Porto".

Port is produced from grapes grown and processed in the Douro region. The Douro valley where Port wine is produced was defined and established as a protected region, or appellation in 1756. It is the oldest defined and protected wine region in the world.

The wine produced is then fortified with the addition of a Brandy (distilled grape spirits). This is done to stop the fermentation leaving residual sugar in the wine and to increase the alcohol content. The wine is then stored and aged. For ageing, it is often put in barrels stored in "caves" After aging, it is bottled. 

The wine got its name, "Port," in the second half of the 17th century from the seaport city of Porto at the mouth of the Douro River. Much of the product was brought there. It was then either sold on a market or exported to other countries in Europe. 

North Mississippi Allstars

North Mississippi Allstars is a blues-rock band from Hernando, Mississippi. It was started in 1996. 

The band is made of brothers Luther Dickinson (guitar, vocals) and Cody Dickinson (drums, keyboards, electric washboard), and Chris Chew (electric bass guitar). Dickinson also plays a cigar box guitar called the "lowebow".

Allstars' first album, "Shake Hands With Shorty", was nominated for a Grammy for "Best Contemporary Blues Album". "51 Phantom" and "Electric Blue Watermelon" have also received nominations in that same category. The group also won a W.C. Handy Award for "Best New Artist Debut" in 2001.

The band now tours with John Hiatt. They have released an album with him called "Master of Disaster".

After 2007, Luther Dickinson plays guitar for The Black Crowes' instead of Marc Ford, and played lead guitar for their album "Warpaint". He tours with The Black Crowes.

Cody Dickinson has started a new side project called "Hill Country Revue" with Chris Chew, Garry Burnside, Daniel Coburn, Duwayne Burnside and Kirk Smithart.



Malika Parbat

Malika Parbat (also known as Queen of the mountains) (el. 5,290 metres (17,356 ft) is a mountain in Kaghan Valley, Pakistan about six kilometres south of Saiful Muluk Lake near Ansoo Lake.


Rakaposhi

Rakaposhi (Räkapoşi) is a mountain in the Karakoram, in Pakistan. It is found in the Nagar Valley about 100 kilmotres north of the city of Gilgit.

Rakaposhi means "shining wall" in the local language. Rakaposhi is also known as Dumani ("Mother of Mist"). It is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan.

Nagar:
Nagar () was a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan, which existed until 1974. The state bordered the Gilgit Agency to the south and west, and the former princely state of Hunza to the north and east. The state capital was the town of Nagar. The area of Nagar now forms three tehsils of Hunza-Nagar District. Nagar along with Gilgit and Baltistan is claimed by India as part of the state of Jammu & Kashmir.

Nagar was an autonomous principality in close association with neighbouring Hunza. The British gained control of both states 1889 and 1892. The British retained Nagar's status as a 'principality' until 1947 but together with Hunza it was considered a vassal of Kashmir, although never ruled directly by it. The rulers of Nagar sent annual tributes to the Kashmir Durbar until 1947, and along with the ruler of Hunza, were considered amongst the most loyal vassals of the Maharajas of Kashmir.

In 1947, the state acceded to Pakistan, but continued as semi autonomous state. In 1968 Syed Yahya Shah the first educated politician of the valley, demanded civil rights from the Mir of Nagar. When Ayub Khan's dictatorship ended in Pakistan and the democratic government of the Pakistan Peoples Party under Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto came into power through elections it realized the sentiments of the people against the Mir for democracy so the Government freed the prisoners of the movement and dissolved the Mirs of Hunza and Nagar and were merged into the Northern Areas in 1974.

The state was governed by the hereditary rulers of the Maghlot dynasty who were styled as Mir and were assisted by a council of Wazirs or Ministers. Details for early rulers are uncertain with the first definite dates available from 1839 CE onwards. The son of the last ruler, Mir Ghazanfar Ali Khan, was in 2005 Northern Areas deputy chief executive.


The geography of Nagar was very difficult mountainous terrain, which provided a certain degree of protection against invading forces. The highest mountain was the 7,788 m (25,551 ft) Mount Rakaposhi which lay to the south of the town of Nagar. As of 2009[update], the Karakoram Highway crosses Nagar, connecting Pakistan to China via the Khunjerab Pass. The road follows the Hunza river for some distance through Nagar and into the Hunza region.

The inhabitants of the Nagar valley is around 90,000 (AKRSP Census, 2000). Nagar is home of people of two main ethnicities – the Burushaski speakers and the Shina speakers. The older type of Broshuski is still spoken in this valley with mild modern accent.

Although the population was traditionally predominantly shia (Jafria). Following sectarian violences in January 2005, the Tanzim Ahle Sunnah wal Jama’at representing Sunnis, and the Central Anjuman-e-Imamia Northern Areas representing (Jafria) Shias signed on February 18, 2005 a six-point peace agreement arranged by Northern Areas Legislative Council (NALC) members to ensure peace in the city.


Tirich Mir

Tirich Mir (also called Terich Mir" and Terichmir"') is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan.

It lies in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.


Wagah

Wagah (, , ) is the only road international border crossing between the Republic of India and Islamic Republic of Pakistan. It is on the G.T. Road between the cities of Amritsar, India and Lahore, Pakistan. The first town on the Indian side is Attari.

Jamie Anderson

Jamie Anderson is an American singer from Tucson, Arizona. She is based in Ottawa, Ontario. She is openly lesbian.

Anderson first began touring the U.S. in 1987, and released her first album in 1989. She was voted Favorite New Performer by "Hot Wire" in 1990 and 1991, and played many women's music festivals, coffeehouses, colleges and other venues all though the 1990s and to the present.


R. L. Burnside

R. L. Burnside (born Robert Lee Burnside, November 23 1926 - September 1 2005) was a blues singer, songwriter, and guitarist who lived in Holly Springs, Mississippi.

He played music for most of his life, but did not get popular till the 1990s.

Burnside was born in Harmontown, Mississippi, in Lafayette County. He spent most of his life working as a sharecropper and a fisherman, as well as playing guitar at weekend house parties. 

He was first inspired to play guitar in his early twenties, after hearing John Lee Hooker play. He learned music from Mississippi Fred McDowell, who lived nearby. He was also influenced by his cousin-in-law, Muddy Waters.

During the 1950s, Burnside moved to Chicago, Illinois to get a better job, but things did not turn out as he had hoped. Within one month, his father, brother, and uncle were all murdered in the city. He used this tragedy to help him write music. He used it mostly for his interpretation of Skip James's "Hard Time Killing Floor", "R.L.'s Story," and the opening and closing tracks on Burnside's 2000 album, "Wish I Was In Heaven Sitting Down".

Around 1959, he left Chicago and went back to Mississippi to work the farms and raise a family.

After a heart attack in 2001, Burnside's doctor advised him to stop drinking; Burnside did, but said that change stopped him from playing. 

Members of his family continue to play blues in the Holly Springs area. His grandson, Cedric Burnside, tours with Kenny Brown, while his son Duwayne Burnside has played guitar with the North Mississippi Allstars. In 2004, the Burnside sons opened Burnside Blues Cafe, 30 miles southeast of Memphis in Holly Springs, Mississippi.

His earliest recordings were made in the late 1960s by George Mitchell and released on Arhoolie Records. Another album was recorded that year and "Hill Country Blues" came after in the early 1980s. An album with only singles followed, released in Memphis, Tennessee.

In the 1990s, he began recording for the Oxford, Mississippi, label Fat Possum Records, founded by Peter Redvers-Lee and Matthew Johnson. Burnside stayed with Fat Possum until his death, and he usually played with his friend and understudy, the slide guitarist Kenny Brown.

Burnside died at St. Francis Hospital on September 1, 2005 at 78 years old. 


Burnside was convicted of murder and sentenced to six months' in prison. Burnside's boss helped to keep the murder sentence short because he needed Burnside to work on the farm. "I didn't mean to kill nobody," Burnside said. "I just meant to shoot the sonofabitch in the head. Him dying was between him and the Lord."

Burnside had a strong voice and played electric and acoustic guitars. He played in the style of North Mississippi hill country blues rather than Mississippi Delta blues.

Many of his songs do not have chord changes, but use the same chord or bass line through the song.




Dal Lake

Dal Lake is a lake in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India. The lake is connected to other lakes of the Kashmir Valley. It is well known for its approximately 500 Victorian era wooden houseboats, originally built as vacation homes for landless British administrators during the Raj.

Pangong Tso

Pangong Tso (or Pangong Lake; Tso: Ladakhi for lake) is a lake in the Himalayas at a height of about 4,250 m (13,900 ft). It is 134 km (83.3 mi) long and extends from Ladakh to Tibet. Two thirds of the length of this lake is in Tibet. The lake is 5 km (3 mi) wide at its widest point. In winter, the lake surface freezes completely despite being salt water.

Tsomoriri

Tsomoriri is a lake on a plateau in Ladakh, in Jammu and Kashmir.

Wular Lake

Wular Lake (also spelt Wullar) is one of the largest fresh water lakes in Asia. It is in the Jammu and Kashmir, between the cities of Sopore and Bandipore. The lake was formed as a result of tectonic activity and is the largest freshwater lake in Asia.

The Jhelum River feeds into the lake, which acts as a natural flood reservoir. The size can vary between , depending on the season
Tulbul project is on wular lake

The Kashmiri sultan Zain-ul-Abidin is reputed to have ordered the construction of the artificial island of Zaina Lank in the middle of the lake in 1444.


Ansoo Lake

Ansoo Lake ("Teardrop Lake") is a lake in the Kaghan Valley in Mansehra District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Its elevation is . It is near Malika Parbat in the Himalayas.

Borith Lake

Borith Lake is a lake in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Borith is a hamlet near Borith Lake. The altitude of Borith is about above sea level.

Dudipatsar Lake

Dudiptsar lake or Dudipat Lake is a lake in Pakistan. It is in the extreme north of Kaghan Valley. It is about a four-hour drive from the chief town Naran. The word "dudi" means white and "sar" means lake. The lake was named because it reflects the white color of snow on the mountain peaks around it. The lake's water is greenish blue and very cold.

The lake used to have a lot of trout. Now there aren't as many because of illegal fishing using dynamite and nets.

This lake is very little visited by people. Getting to the lake takes four to six hours of tough hiking and trekking. The earthquake on October 8, 2005 in North Pakistan made it more difficult to get to the lake. However, the government of Pakistan decided on March 14, 2006 to take all steps to restore tourism of the Kaghan valley. That includes building new tourism spots and rebuilding previously destroyed ones.

Dudipatsar is close to another major lake, Lake Lulusar, which is the main contributory to the Kunhar River that runs through Kaghan valley. The whole area is private property but declared national park by Government of Pakistan.

The area is accessible for four months every year from June-September. After that, it is closed because of snow.

Haleji Lake

Haleji Lake () is a lake in Thatta District, Sindh, Pakistan.

Hanna Lake

Hanna Lake () is a lake in Pakistan. It is from Quetta. It is one of the main attractions of the city. The lake is near the place where the Urak Valley begins.

Kachura Lake

Upper Kachura Lake is a lake in Pakistan. It is from Lower Kachura Lake. It is famous for its natural scenic beauty and its moderate climate.


Keenjhar Lake

Kalri Lake () or Kinjhar Lake () is a lake in Thatta, Sindh, Pakistan.

Kundol Lake

Kundol Lake is a lake in Pakistan. It is in Swat Valley, Pakistan and can be reached from Kalam. It is above sea level.

Lulusar Lake

Lulusar is a lake near the Naran Valley in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The word "sar" means "top or peak" in Pashto. Actually Lulusar is the name of the mountains that contain the lake. So, it is the lake of Lulusar. It is located at N35.0804 E73.9266, at a height of 11,200 ft (3,410 m) from sea level.

The lake is the main source of the Kunhar River, which flows through the entire Kaghan Valley through Jalkhand, Naran Valley, Kaghan, Jared, Paras and Balakot until it joins the Jhelum River. The lake is 48 kilometers away from Naran, on the Naran-Babusar road. Lulusar marks the historic place where 55 participants of the 1857 war of independence were arrested.

Mahodand Lake

Mahodand Lake is a lake about 40 km from Kalam, in Pakistan's upper Ushu Valley. The lake is close to Lake Saifullah and Naseerullah. It is accessible with a four-wheel drive vehicle, and is a good location for fishing.

Manchar Lake

Lake Manchar is the largest freshwater lake in Pakistan and one of Asia's largest. It is located west of the Indus River in Sindh. The area of the lake fluctuates with the seasons from as little as 350 km² to as much as 520 km². The lake collects water from numerous small streams in the Kirthar Mountains and empties into the Indus River.

Namal Lake

Namal Lake is in one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali, Punjab, Pakistan. This lake was created when Namal Dam was constructed in 1913. Namal Dam is 32 km from Mianwali city. The lake has a surface area of 5.5 km². There are mountains on its western and southern sides. On the other two sides are agricultural areas.

Namal Lake is an ideal abode for the migratory birds in winter season when thousands of water fowls, including Russian ducks and Siberian cranes, land in the lake water.

Rama Lake

Rama Lake is a lake near Astore in Northern Areas, Pakistan. It is on the top of the beautiful Astore Valley, covered with oak trees and greenery.

Rawal Lake

Rawal Lake is an artificial reservoir in Pakistan that provides the water needs for the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad. This artificial lake covers an area of 8.8 km². Rawal Lake is located within an isolated section of the Margalla Hills National Park.

Rush Lake

Rush Lake is a high altitude lake near Rush Pari Peak (5,098 m) in Pakistan. At over , Rush is one of the highest alpine lakes in the world. It is about north of Miar Peak and Spantik (Golden Peak), which are in the Nagar valley. Rush Lake and Rush Peak can be reached via Nagar and Hopar and via the Hopar Glacier (Bualtar Glacier) and Miar Glacier, which rises from Miar and Phuparash peaks. The trek to Rush Lake provides spectacular views of Spantik, Miar Peak, Phuparash Peak and Ultar Sar.

Quantum immortality

Quantum suicide is a thought experiment in quantum mechanics and the philosophy of physics. It was originally claimed that it can distinguish between the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics and the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics. It is based on imagining oneself as the cat in the Schrödinger's cat thought experiment. Quantum immortality refers to the experience of surviving quantum suicide.

The thought experiment was created by Max In the thought experiment, a person stands in front of a gun which fires if it detects a subatomic particle as having an upward spin, or does not fire if the gun detects a downward spin. The gun does this repeatedly. From an outside perspective, both outcomes are equally likely. However, according to the thought experiment, if the many-worlds interpretation is true, the person in front of the gun finds that the gun never fires, even though this is very, very unlikely. In the many-worlds interpretation, the gun fires in one world and does not fire in another, but the person can only continue being conscious in a world in which the gun does not fire. According to the thought experiment, such a person would find themselves to be immortal.

In response to questions about whether people should generally expect to be immortal, Max Tegmark stated that is flawed reasoning because dying is not an instantaneous event, and "fully dead" and "fully alive" are not the only possible outcomes, as in the thought experiment. Rather, it is a progressive process, with a continuous series of states of decreasing consciousness. In most real causes of death, one's self-awareness fades out gradually. It is only within this specific imaginary scenario that a person finds themselves surviving.

Most experts believe that the experiment would not actually work in the real world.

Max Tegmark now believes that from their own point of view, the person in the thought experiment should not expect immortality. Since they die in some worlds, they afterwards exist in much fewer worlds than they had before. People are less likely to find themselves in a world where their own existence is less likely. Therefore, it is only a possibility, not a certainty, that the person who does the experiment then goes on to feel like they survived. This same problem, of not existing as much afterwards, was pointed out by Lev Vaidman in the "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy".

Physicist David Deutsch, though in favor of the many-worlds interpretation, states regarding quantum suicide that it would not work under the normal probability rules of quantum mechanics. Instead, one would need to add an additional assumption of ignoring worlds where the experimenter is not there. He believes that assumption is false. Physicist David Wallace argues that a decision theory analysis shows that a person who prefers certain life to certain death must prefer to keep themselves alive in worlds that are more likely outcomes, not just in less likely ones.

Physicist Sean M. Carroll, though also in favor of the many-worlds interpretation, states about quantum suicide that neither experiences nor rewards should be thought of as being shared between future versions of oneself, because these future versions become distinct persons when the world splits. He then states that a person cannot pick out some future versions of oneself as really being oneself and not the others. He concludes that quantum suicide kills some of these future selves, which is a bad thing the same as if there were no other worlds.



Saiful Muluk Lake

Lake Saiful Muluk () is a lake at the northern end of the Kaghan Valley ( 34°52′37.34″N, 73°41′37.71″E) near Naran. It is in the northeast of Mansehra District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. At an altitude of 3,224 m (10,578 feet) above sea level it is one of the highest lakes in Pakistan.

Satpara Lake

Satpara Lake is an important lake in Skardu Valley in Pakistan. It supplies water for the town of Skardu, which is at 2,636 meters (8,650 ft) above sea level.

Shangrila Lake

Shangrila Lake or Lower Kachura Lake is a part of the Shangrila resort. It is about 20 minutes from Skardu (nearly 2,500 m or 8,200 feet) town.

It is a popular tourist destination, and has a unique restaurant that is built on the fuselage of an aircraft that had crashed nearby.

Shangrila was established in 1983 with the opening of the first Resort Hotel in Skardu, Baltistan. It was named "heaven on earth" because of its spectacular beauty,and breathtaking view and peaceful atmosphere. Shangrila Resort Hotel was founded by the late Brig.(Retd) Muhammad Aslam Khan, the first commander of the Northern Scouts who liberated the Northern Areas in 1948.

Shangrila was named after a book titled "Lost Horizon" by James Hilton. In the novel, the author narrates a tale in which an aeroplane crash landed near a riverbed, in the early 1920s. The surviving passengers came across some Buddhist monks from a nearby temple and sought their help. They were taken to a beautiful lamasery filled with a variety of fruits and flowers. The monks looked quite young, although they claimed to be hundreds of years old. The idyllic place was called Shangri-la, a Chinese word meaning "Heaven on earth".

Sheosar Lake

Sheosar Lake () is a lake in Deosai Plains, Northern Areas of Pakistan. The lake is in Deosai National Park in Gilgit-Baltistan Province. The lake is at an elevation of 4,142 m (13,589 feet). Its approximate length is reported to be 2.3 km (1.4 miles), width 1.8 km (1.2 miles) and average depth 40 m (131 feet).

"Sheosar Lake" means "Blind Lake", as "Sheo" in Shina Language means "Blind" and "Sar" means "Lake".

The lake is accessible through two routes. One is via Skardu and the other via Astore District.
The road through Skardu can be covered by jeep in few hours, however, if trekked, it can take 2 days. 
Second route is from Astore District.

Between the months of November to May the whole area of Deosai is snow bound. However, the area is full of natural beauty during Spring and Summer Season. During spring, the whole surrounding gets covered with wide variety of colorful flowers and butterflies. The best time of visiting this beautiful lake is in summer between June to September.

Snow Lake

Snow Lake, or Lukpe Lawo, is a high-altitude glacial basin in the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is not a lake.

Drang-Drung Glacier

The Drang-drung Glacier is the largest glacier in Zanskar which lies in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir state of India. It is situted near the Pensi-la, which is a high pass considered gateway to Zanskar region. The Stod river originates from this glacier.

Baltoro Glacier

The Baltoro Glacier, at 62 kilometers long, is one of the longest glaciers outside of the polar regions. It is in Baltistan, in the Northern Areas of Pakistan, and runs through part of the Karakoram mountain range. The Baltoro Muztagh is to the north and east of the glacier, while the Masherbrum Mountains lie to the south. At 8,611 m (28,251 ft), K2 is the highest mountain in the region, and three others within 20 km top 8,000 m. 

The glacier gives rise to the Shigar River, which is a tributary of the Indus River. Several large tributary glaciers feed the main Baltoro glacier, including the Godwin Austen Glacier, flowing south from K2; the Abruzzi and the various Gasherbrum Glaciers, flowing from the Gasherbrum group of peaks; the Vigne Glacier, flowing from Chogolisa, and the Yermandendu Glacier, flowing from Masherbrum. The confluence of the main Baltoro Glacier with the Godwin Austen Glacier is known as Concordia; this location and K2 base camp are popular trekking destinations.

The trough of this glacier is very wide. Small valley glaciers form icefalls where they meet the trunk glacier. The sidewalls vary from very steep to precipitous. The glacier has carved striations on the surrounding country rocks. Moving ice has formed depressions, which serve as basins for numerous glacial lakes.

The glacier can be approached via the important Balti town of Skardu.

Biafo Glacier

The Biafo Glacier is a 67 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the Northern Areas, Pakistan which meets the 49 km long Hispar Glacier at an altitude of 5,128 m (16,824 feet) at Hispar La (Pass) to create the world's longest glacial system outside of the polar regions. This highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms, Nagar (immediately south of Hunza) in the west with Baltistan in the east. The traverse uses 51 of the Biafo Glacier's 63 km and all of the Hispar Glacier to form a 100 km glacial route. Scientists still are yet to find out how old this glacier actually is 

Abruzzi Glacier

The Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier north of the Baltoro Kangri peak in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. The glacier joins Baltoro Glacier (one of the largest glaciers outside polar region) that flows northwest in the beginning and then turns westward.

Biarchedi Glacier

The Biarchedi Glacier is on the northeast of Biarchedi Peak in Pakistan. It flows north into the Baltoro Glacier.

Godwin-Austen Glacier

The Godwin-Austen Glacier is near K2 in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Its confluence with the Baltoro Glacier is called Concordia and is one of the most favorite spots for trekking in Pakistan since it provides excellent views of four of the five eight-thousanders in Pakistan.

The glacier can be approached via the important Balti town of Skardu.

Gondogoro Glacier

Gondogoro Glacier or Gondoghoro Glacier is glacier near Concordia in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It serves as an alternative means to reach Concordia; the confluence of Baltoro Glacier and Godwin-Austen Glacier.

Hispar Glacier

Hispar Glacier is a 49 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the (Northern Areas, Pakistan) which meets the 63 km long Biafo Glacier at the Hispar La Pass (mountain Pass) at an altitude of 5,128 m (16,824 feet) to create the world's longest glacial system outside of the polar regions. This 100 km highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms, Nagar (immediately south of Hunza) in the west with Baltistan in the east. The extreme steepness of the hillsides and strenuous nature of the boulder hopping on the lateral moraines and hillsides make this route's upper half the most difficult part of the Biafo - Hispar traverse. Only the Hispar La day includes walking on the Hispar Glacier. The crossing of four major tributary glaciers from the north is most taxing, and potentially high nullah crossings can be dangerous. The views of 7,800 meter (25,600 foot) peaks and of the snow covered cliffs and mountains on the south side of the glacier are particularly impressive.

Miar Glacier

Miar Glacier is a glacier that forms in the north of Miar Peak (6,824 m) in Pakistan.

Panmah Glacier

Panmah Glacier is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is in the Central Karakoram National Park.

Rupal Glacier

Rupal Glacier (or Tashain Glacier) is a glacier in the Great Himalaya subrange of the Himalayas. It starts in the north of an unnamed peak and flows northeast in the north of Laila Peak (Rupal Valley) and in the south of Nanga Parbat's many peaks. The melt water from the glacier forms Rupal River.

Sarpo Laggo Glacier

The Sarpo Laggo Glacier (meaning "young husband") is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan, in the Karakoram mountain range of the Himalayas.

Shani Glacier

Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak (5,887 metres) in Naltar Valley, Pakistan.

Trango Glacier

Trango Glacier is a glacier near Trango Tower mountain in Baltistan, Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Vigne Glacier

Vigne Glacier is a glacier in the Northern Areas, Pakistan near Gondogoro Glacier and Baltoro Glacier.

Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events

Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a 2004 movie from Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon movies. It stars Jim Carrey as Count Olaf.


Lemony Snicket

Lemony Snicket is the pen name of the author who wrote the books in the "A Series of Unfortunate Events" series. Lemony Snicket's real name is Daniel Handler.

About once per book, Snicket provides the reader with glimpses of his life. He says that he:

He also dedicated his life to the Baudelaire orphans story.

Kermit Love

Kermit Ernest Hollingshead Love (August 7, 1916 – June 21, 2008) was an American puppeteer, costume designer, and actor in children's television and on Broadway. He was best known for his work on Muppets, mainly ones on "Sesame Street".

Love started his work when he was young, at first doing work for Broadway, such as making marionettes. He worked with many great names at the time in Broadway and ballet.

In the 1960s, Don Sahlin told Love to meet with Jim Henson, which was where Love and Henson first met. Due to his work in theater, Love knew how to make full-body puppets well. Soon after, Love made Big Bird and other muppets. Even though his name was Kermit, he was not the namesake of Kermit the Frog, who Henson made before meeting Love.

Love still made some non-Sesame Street characters until the early 2000s. He died on June 21, 2008 of heart failure in Poughkeepsie, New York. He is outlived by his life partner, Christopher Lyall.


Tarbela Dam

Tarbela Dam () is a large dam on the Indus River in Pakistan. The word derives from the name of the former Tarbela village, one of the larger villages at this site chosen for the dam. 

It is located about northwest of Islamabad, largely in the jurisdiction in the Haripur District of the Hazara Division, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. 

The plan for the dam was approved during the regime of the Pakistani dictator and later president General Ayub Khan, in the 1960s. Work went on until its completion in 1974. Many villages were submerged and thousands of people dieople splaced in the process.😎

The dam has a height of above the river bed. It has a reservoir size of . This makes it the largest earth filled dam in the world. The dam was completed in 1974. It was built to store water from the Indus River for irrigation and flood control, and for creating hydro-electric power.now tli

The reservoir lake formed by the damming of the Indus here, is Tarbela lake, which is very elongated and spread out over a considerable area. The lake has many channels and is surrounded by wild, high hills and scrub and thorn forests. It is now a place where many species of waterfowl and fish are found. 

Colloquy (software)

Colloquy is an IRC client that first came out in 2005. The newest stable, or good version of IceChat is 2.1 that was made in 2007. Colloquy is free which means it does not cost any money to use. The programming language Colloquy is made in is Objective-C. It is licensed as GPL.


Alarm

An alarm is something used to alert people quickly to something. Most alarms use loud noises and/or flashing lights. Some alarms may use other ways of attracting peoples attention quickly, such as turning off loud machinery, shaking a bed or pillow. 


Little River (Oklahoma)

The Little River is a tributary of the Canadian River, 90 mi (145 km) long, in central Oklahoma in the United States.It also came from Red River and From Mississippi River

Tornado Alley

Tornado Alley is a colloquial term most often used to refer to the area of the United States in which tornadoes happen more than in any other part of the country. The 1974 super tornado outbreak with 148 tornadoes, took place in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.

States such as Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio are sometimes included in Tornado Alley. Research suggests that tornadoes are happening more often in the northern parts of Tornado Alley where it reaches the Canadian prairies.

Over the years, the location(s) of Tornado Alley have not been clearly defined. No definition of tornado alley has ever been officially chosen by the National Weather Service (NWS). Thus, differences in the place are because of the different criteria used.

The National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) FAQ says that "Tornado Alley" is a term used by the media as a reference to areas that have mroe tornadoes. A study of 1921–1995 tornadoes concluded almost one-fourth of all significant tornadoes happen in this area.

No state has no tornadoes; however, they happen more often in the Central United States, between the Rocky Mountains and Appalachian Mountains.

Another criterion for the location of Tornado Alley (or Tornado Alleys) can be where the strongest tornadoes happen more often.

The term "tornado alley" was first used in 1952 by U.S. Air Force meteorologists Major Ernest J. Fawbush (1915–1982) and Captain Robert C. Miller (1920–1998). They used it as the title of a research project to study severe weather in parts of Texas and Oklahoma.

The average tornado stays on ground for only 5 minutes. These figures, reported by the National Climatic Data Center for the period between 1991 and 2010, show the seventeen U.S. states with the most average number of tornadoes per per year.
About half of all Canadian tornadoes hit the Canadian prairies and Northern Ontario as far east as Lake Superior. Together, these areas make up the northernmost border of the U.S. Tornado Alley. Tornadoes up to EF5 in strength have been found in this region.

Schools in Tornado Alley often have tornado drills, and many homes may have tornado shelters where people can go for safety.


Mistletoe

Mistletoe is the common name for a group of semi-parasitic plants in the order Santalales. They grow attached by a haustorium to the branches of trees or shrubs.
It is not the name of any one plant: rather, it is a name given to plants which have a particular growth-habit.

The different mistletoes have white fruit (berries), and are parasitic on trees and shrubs. The name was invented in Europe, for local mistletoes. Similar parasitic plants are found in other parts of the world.

The name was first given to "Viscum album" (European mistletoe, Santalaceae), the only species native in Great Britain and much of Europe. Later the name was given to other related species, including "Phoradendron serotinum" (the eastern mistletoe of eastern North America, also Santalaceae).

The largest family of mistletoes, Loranthaceae, has 73 genera and over 900 species.

European mistletoe played a large role in Greek mythology, and is believed to be The Golden Bough of Aeneas, ancestor of the Romans. The Norse god Baldr was killed with mistletoe.

In Romanian traditions, mistletoe ("vâsc" in Romanian) is considered a source of good fortune.

William Shakespeare mentions it in "Titus Andronicus", Act II, Scene I: "Overcome with moss and baleful mistletoe".

Mistletoe is often used as a Christmas decoration. "Viscum album" is used in Europe and "Phoradendron serotinum" is used in North America. According to custom, the mistletoe must not touch the ground between its cutting and its removal as the last of Christmas greens at Candlemas; it may remain hanging through the year, often to preserve the house from lightning or fire, until it was replaced the following Christmas Eve.

Mistletoe ("Phoradendron flavescens") is the state floral emblem for the State of Oklahoma.

According to a custom during Christmas, any two people who meet under a hanging of mistletoe are urged to kiss. The custom started in Scandinavia.


Potoroo

A potoroo is any member genus Potorous.


Michael Gambon

Sir Michael John Gambon CBE (19 October 1940 – 27 September 2023) was an Irish-born British actor with a career that lasted nearly five decades and included a variety of roles in movie, television and theatre.

Gambon was born on 19 October 1940 in Dublin during World War II. His father, Edward Gambon, was an engineer and his mother, Mary (née Hoare), was a seamstress. His father decided to seek work in the rebuilding of London, and so the family moved to Mornington Crescent in north London, when Gambon was five. His father had him made a British citizen — a decision that would later allow Michael to receive an actual, rather than honorary, knighthood and CBE. (although, under the British Nationality Act 1981 anyone born in Ireland before 1949 can still register as a British subject and, after five years' UK residence, as a British citizen).

Raised a strict Catholic, he attended St Aloysius Boys' School in Somers Town and served at the altar. He then moved to St Aloysius' College in Hornsey Lane, Highgate, London, whose former pupils included Peter Sellers. He later attended a school in Kent, before leaving with no qualifications at fifteen. He then gained an apprenticeship with Vickers Armstrong as a toolmaker. By the time he was 21 he was a fully qualified engineer. He kept the job for a further year – acquiring a fascination and passion for collecting antique guns, clocks and watches, as well as classic cars.

Aged 19, he joined the Unity Theatre in Kings Cross. Five years later he wrote a letter to Michael MacLiammoir, the Irish theatre impresario who ran Dublin's Gate Theatre. It was accompanied by a CV describing a rich and wholly imaginary theatre career – and he was taken on.

Gambon made his professional stage début in the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin's 1962 production of "Othello", playing "Second Gentleman", followed by a European tour. A year later, cheekily auditioning with the opening soliloquy from Richard III, he caught the eye of star-maker Laurence Olivier who was recruiting promising spear-carriers for his new National Theatre Company. Gambon, along with Robert Stephens, Derek Jacobi and Frank Finlay, was hired as one of the ‘to be renowned’ and played any number of small roles. The company initially performed at the Old Vic, their first production being "Hamlet", directed by Olivier and starring Peter O'Toole. He played for four years in many NT productions, including named roles in "The Recruiting Officer" and "The Royal Hunt of the Sun", working with directors William Gaskill and John Dexter.

After three years at the Old Vic, Olivier advised Gambon to gain experience in provincial rep. In 1967, he left the NT for the Birmingham Repertory Company which was to give him his first crack at the title roles in "Othello" (his favourite), "Macbeth" and "Coriolanus".

His rise to stardom began in 1974 when Eric Thompson cast him as the melancholy vet in Alan Ayckbourn's "The Norman Conquests" at Greenwich. A speedy transfer to the West End established him as a brilliant comic actor, squatting at a crowded dining table on a tiny chair and sublimely agonising over a choice between black or white coffee.

Back at the National, now on the South Bank, his next turning point was Peter Hall's premiere staging of Harold Pinter's "Betrayal", an unexpectedly subtle performance — a production photograph shows him embracing Penelope Wilton with sensitive hands and long slim fingers (the touch of a master clock-maker). He is also one of the few actors to have mastered the harsh demands of the vast Olivier Theatre. As Simon Callow once said: “Gambon's ‘iron lungs and overwhelming charisma are able to command a sort of operatic full-throatedness which triumphs over hard walls and long distances.”

This was to serve him in good stead in John Dexter's masterly staging of "The Life of Galileo" in 1980, the first Brecht to become a popular success. Hall called him ‘unsentimental, dangerous and immensely powerful’, even the Sunday Times’ curmudgeonly critic of the day called his performance ‘a decisive step in the direction of great tragedy...great acting’, while fellow actors paid him the rare compliment of applauding him in the dressing room on the first night.

From the first Ralph Richardson dubbed him The Great Gambon, an accolade which stuck, outshining his 1990 CBE, even the later knighthood, although Gambon dismisses it as a circus slogan. But as Sheridan Morley perceptively remarked in 2000, when reviewing "Cressida": ‘Gambon's eccentricity on stage now begins to rival that of his great mentor Richardson’. Also like Richardson, interviews are rarely given and raise more questions than they answer. Gambon is a very private person, a ‘non-starry star’ as Ayckbourn called him. Off-stage he prefers to back out of the limelight, an unpretentious guy sharing laughs with his fellow cast and crew.

While he has won screen acclaim, no-one who saw his ravaged "King Lear" at Stratford, while still in his early forties, will forget his superb double act with a red-nosed Antony Sher as the Fool sitting on his master's knee like a ventriloquist's doll. There were also notable appearances in "Old Times" at the Theatre Royal Haymarket, and as "Volpone" and the brutal sergeant in Pinter's "Mountain Language".

David Hare's "Skylight", with Lia Williams, which opened to rave reviews at the National in 1995, transferred first to Wyndhams Theatre and then on to Broadway for a four-month run which left him in a state of advanced exhaustion. “"Skylight" was ten times as hard to play as anything I’ve ever done” he told Michael Owen in the Evening Standard. “I had a great time in New York but couldn’t wait to get back”.

Gambon is almost the only leading actor not to grace Yasmina Reza's "ART" at Wyndham's. But together with Simon Russell Beale and Alan Bates he gave a deliciously droll radio account of the role of Marc. And for the RSC he shared Reza's two-hander "The Unexpected Man" with Eileen Atkins, first at The Pit in the Barbican and then at the Duchess Theatre, a production also intended for New York but finally delayed by other commitments.

In 2001, he portrayed what he described as “a physically repulsive’’ Davies in Patrick Marber's revival of Pinter's "The Caretaker", but he found the rehearsal period an unhappy experience, and felt that he had let down the author. A year later, playing opposite Daniel Craig, he portrayed the father of a series of cloned sons in Caryl Churchill's "A Number" at the Royal Court, notable for a recumbent moment when he smoked a cigarette, the brightly lit spiral of smoke rising against a black backdrop, an effect which he dreamed up during rehearsals.

In 2004, he finally achieved a life-long ambition to play Sir John Falstaff, in Nicholas Hytner's National Theatre production of "Henry IV, Parts 1 and 2", co-starring with Matthew Macfadyen as Prince Hal.

He made his movie debut in the Laurence Olivier "Othello" in 1965. He then played romantic leads, notably in the early 1970s BBC television series, "The Borderers", in which he was swashbuckling Gavin Ker. As a result, Gambon was asked by James Bond producer Cubby Broccoli to audition for the role in 1970, to replace George Lazenby. His craggy looks soon made him into a character actor, although he won critical acclaim as Galileo in John Dexter's production of "The Life of Galileo" by Brecht at the National Theatre in 1980. But it was not until Dennis Potter's "The Singing Detective" (1986) that he became a household name. After this success, for which he won a BAFTA, his work includes movies such as "The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover" which also starred Helen Mirren.

In 1992, he portrayed a psychotic general in the Barry Levinson movie "Toys" and he also starred as Georges Simenon's detective Inspector Jules Maigret in an ITV adaptation of Simenon's series of books. He starred as Fyodor Dostoevsky in the Hungarian director Károly Makk's movie "The Gambler" (1997) about the writing of Fyodor Dostoevsky's novella "The Gambler".

In recent years, movies such as "Dancing at Lughnasa" (1998) and "Plunkett & Macleane" (1998), as well as television appearances in series such as "Wives and Daughters" (1999) (for which he won another BAFTA), a made-for-TV adaptation of Samuel Beckett's "Endgame" (2001) and "Perfect Strangers" (2001) have revealed a talent for comedy. In 2004, he appeared in five movies, including Wes Anderson's quirky comedy "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou"; the British gangster flick "Layer Cake"; theatrical drama "Being Julia"; and CGI action fantasy "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow".

Perhaps his most significant role in 2004, however, was Albus Dumbledore, Hogwarts' headmaster in the third installment of J. K. Rowling's franchise, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", taking over from fellow Irish actor Richard Harris, who had died of Hodgkins disease. (Harris had also played Maigret on television four years before Gambon took that role.) Gambon reprised the role of Albus Dumbledore in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", which was released in November 2005 in the UK and U.S. He returned to the role again in the fifth movie, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", which was released in 2007. He will once again return to portray Dumbledore in movie the sixth "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince". Gambon admits not having read the "Harry Potter" novels and says that this is because he does not want to be upset by an extremely large change or death in the books. Similarly, he has also stated in an interview that, when playing Dumbledore, "I don't have to play anyone really. I just stick on a beard and play me, so it's no great feat. I never ease into a role – every part I play is just a variant of my own personality. I’m not really a character actor at all..."

In an Ironic twist, Gambon also played a British spy in "The Good Shepherd" (2006). His codename was "The headmaster".

Most recently, he was Joe in Beckett's "Eh Joe", giving two performances a night at the Duke of York's Theatre in London. He currently does the voice over to the new Guinness ads with the penguins. In 2007 he played major roles in Stephen Poliakoff's "Joe's Palace", and the five-part adaptation of Mrs Gaskell's "Cranford" novels, both for BBC TV.

Gambon married Anne Miller when he was 22, but has always been secretive about his personal life. The couple live together in a country house in Kent. Gambon was invested by Prince Charles as a Knight Bachelor on 17 July 1998 for services to drama (Queen Elizabeth II's approval for the award was notified in the 1998 New Year Honours List) and his wife thus became Lady Gambon. The couple have a son, Fergus, who appears as an expert on the BBC's "Antiques Roadshow".

Gambon is a qualified amateur pilot, and his love of cars led to his appearance on the BBC's "Top Gear" programme. Gambon raced the Suzuki Liana and was driving so aggressively that it was launched into the air on the last corner of his timed lap. The final corner of the Dunsfold Park track has been named "Gambon" in his honour. He reappeared on the programme on the 4 June 2006, and set a time in the Chevrolet Lacetti of 1:50.3, a significant improvement on his previous time of 1:55. He clipped his namesake corner the second time, and when asked why by Jeremy Clarkson, replied that 'I dunno - I just do not like it'.

In February 2015, Gambon spoke for the first time of the "frightening memory loss" that had forced him to retire from the stage after 50 years. He said he has taken the "heartbreaking" decision to stop after finding he could no longer remember his lines.

Gambon died on 27 September 2023, aged 82, after suffering from pneumonia.




 

Mercosur

Mercosur or Mercosul (, , Guarani: "Ñemby Ñemuha", ) is a Regional Trade Agreement (RTA) between Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. It was founded in 1991. Its purpose is to improve free trade and the easy movement of goods, people, and currency. 

The following countries are full members, in the process of becoming full members, associate members or observers.






Leti, Chakwal

Leti is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°55'0N 72°4'0E and is part of Talagang Tehsil.

C. Everett Koop

Charles Everett Koop (October 14, 1916 – February 25, 2013) was an American physician who became well known as a pediatric surgeon at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. He was an early name in today's pediatric surgery. He then served as the Surgeon General of the United States and as vice admiral in the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps from 1982 to 1989, under President Ronald Reagan.

He was thought of as the first "celebrity Surgeon General", because he is the first Surgeon General to receive an Emmy Award, and remains the only Surgeon General to have done so. Koop was also called Chick Koop by some of his friends.

Today Koop is well known for four parts of his work:


These four views, along with Koop's personality and use of the media, made the office of Surgeon General more well known than it was before. He is the first Surgeon General to be the subject of a well known song – "Promiscuous", by Frank Zappa. Koop was unusual in his style, and well known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties.

Koop was born on October 14, 1916 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Dartmouth College, at Cornell Medical College, and at the University of Pennsylvania. He was married to Betty Koop from 1938 until her death in 2007. Then he was married to Cora Hogue Koop from 2010 until his death in 2013. He had four children.

Koop died on February 25, 2013 from unknown causes. During the past months, Koop had been ill. He suffered renal failure the past week in his home in Hanover, New Hampshire. He was 96 years old.



White bass

The white bass or sand bass ("Morone chrysops") is a freshwater fish of the temperate bass family Moronidae. It is the state fish of Oklahoma.

Nagasaki Prefecture

Nagasaki Prefecture was created by merging the western half of the old provinces of Hizen Province with the islands of Tsushima Province and Iki Province.

Nagasaki is on the western coast of the island of Kyūshū. The southwest coastline faces the Sea of Japan and the East China Sea. Saga Prefecture is on its eastern border.

The prefecture has 505 islands with no people living on them.

National Parks are established in about 18% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Chiriku Hachiman-gū", "Amanotanagoa jinja" and "Kaijin jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Rose rock

The Rose Rock is a rock that has a shape similar to a rose blossom. The rose rock was selected as the official state rock of Oklahoma in 1968.

Ouachita Mountains

The Ouachita Mountains are a mountain range in west central Arkansas and southeastern Oklahoma.

Arbuckle Mountains

The Arbuckle Mountains are an ancient mountain range in south-central Oklahoma in the United States. It rests in Davis, Oklahoma. A Small town of a bit over the 2500 population. There are many things to do in this historic small tourist town. come and see for yourself. Brenda Lack Stokes is a native Davisite town and welcomes the world to visit this wonderful place. 

Wichita Mountains

The Wichita Mountains are in southwestern Oklahoma.

Kiamichi Mountains

The Kiamichi Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma. A subrange within the larger Ouachita Mountains that extend from Oklahoma to western Arkansas,

Idabel, Oklahoma

Idabel is a city in McCurtain County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 6,961 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of McCurtain County.

Gegenschein

The Gegenshein, also called Counterglow, is a very faint light which can be seen in the sky at night. The light can be seen at the point in the sky that is exactly opposite of the Sun. It is very hard to see. The light can only be seen from areas with no other lights (away from cities) and on nights with no moon. This effect is caused by matter spread around that reflect the light from the Sun, and is related to the zodiacal light.

Lawton, Oklahoma

Lawton is a city in and the county seat of Comanche County, Oklahoma, United States.

Haunted house

A haunted house or ghosthouse is a house where supernatural events are believed to take place. Many haunted houses are believed to contain ghosts. They can also contain the spirits of dead people. The rumour that a house is haunted often starts after something violent or tragic happens in the house, such as a murder or suicide. Haunted houses are common in gothic fiction, and are generally seen as old castles or creaky, old, abandoned houses. A haunted house can be a type of attraction in amusements parks too. One scientific explanation of haunted houses is that poisonous gasses such as carbon monoxide from defective gas-burning appliances are what causes the hallucinations that people experience. Another possible cause is infrasound.

Many haunted houses have been investigated and found to contain high levels of carbon monoxide or other poisons, which can cause hallucinations. The carbon monoxide theory explains why haunted houses are mostly older houses which are more likely to contain aging and defective appliances, and why more hauntings are reported in the colder months. Carbon monoxide poisoning explains many of the occurrences in haunted houses, such as feelings of being watched, hearing footsteps or voices, seeing "ghosts", headaches, dizziness, and sudden death or illness of people or pets, and also strange behavior in pets such as excessive barking or meowing. The carbon monoxide theory also explains why some ghosts don't show up on photographs or videos (photographs that do show "ghosts" are usually caused by dust, insects, fingers or camera strap in front of the lens, and multiple exposures).

Pesticides can cause the same types of hallucinations as carbon monoxide. Recreational drugs such as LSD and methamphetamine can cause hallucinations. Unpleasant hallucinations are known in the recreational drug community as a "bad trip". Drug users are usually, but not always, aware that they are experiencing hallucinations related to the drug, at least after they become sober again. Toxic mould, which can produce hallucinogens, has also been linked to haunted houses.

Sounds heard in a "haunted" house are often very normal sounds, for example footstep-like sounds can be caused by vermin such as squirrels or raccoons. Dead vermin can also cause unusual smells often associated with hauntings. Doors closing by themselves can be caused by wind. Moving shadow figures can be caused by the headlights of passing cars shining through a window. Many times normal sounds that come from outside can be mistaken for a sound inside the house. Sounds made by electronics, plumbing, refrigerators, and heating / air conditioning have also been mistaken for paranormal sounds.


Planetshine

The phenomenon known as planetshine happens when sunlight from a planet lights the dark side of one of its moons. The best known example of planetshine is Earthshine.

Moore, Oklahoma

Moore is a city in Cleveland County, Oklahoma and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area. The population was 62,793 at the 2020 census. Moore has been known for being the site of large Tornadoes.

Moore was originally Moore was established on May 27, 1889 and was named after Al Moore, a Santa Fe Railway employee. 

It was very small and not that special until 1961, when it gained over 21 square miles, and it became a full fledged city in 1962. Large Industrial development began in the 1960s, which led to a large increase in population, soon the city’s population increased massively, with over 17,000 residents moving in between 1960 and 1970.

Soon, in the 1970s, A program was started where various Smiley Faces we’re painted on the town water tower. Also in the 1970s, the Moore post office became a branch of the Oklahoma City post office in 1972.

On May 3, 1999, Moore was the site of a Very Large F5 Tornado. The tornado killed 36 people, injured 583, and caused damage equivalent to $1 billion. The event currently holds the record for Highest wind speeds measured globally, at 301 ± 20 miles per hour. Moore was hit by another EF5 tornado on May 20, 2013. This tornado killed 24 people, injured 212, and caused an estimated $2 billion in damage.

Ephemeris

An ephemeris is a table giving the predicted positions of an object in space, like another planet, comet, or asteroid.

Saros cycle

The Saros cycle is an eclipse cycle of about 18 years 11 days 8 hours (about 6585⅓ days). A solar eclipse 18 years past will be similar with one 18 years in the future. This is because the Earth, Moon and Sun return to almost the same positions they were at 18 years ago. The first predictions of a solar eclipse using the Saros were made by Ancient Greek philosophers.

Paycom Center

Paycom Center, formerly known as Ford Center, briefly as Oklahoma City Arena, and Chesapeake Energy Arena, is a multipurpose indoor sports/concert arena in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. It is the home of the National Basketball Association's Oklahoma City Thunder. The arena was also home to the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets from 2005 to 2007.

The arena was named the Ford Center from 2002 to 2010. The name did not come directly from the Ford Motor Company; it instead came from a contract with Oklahoma Ford Dealers, a group that represents marketing efforts of the state's Ford dealers. After the city and Oklahoma Ford Dealers could not agree on a new naming rights contract, the arena became Oklahoma City Arena from 2010 to 2011.

A new naming rights contract was signed with Chesapeake Energy in 2011, leading to the renaming as Chesapeake Energy Arena. Chesapeake Energy entered into bankruptcy restructuring in 2020, and ended the naming contract the next year. In July 2021, Paycom, an Oklahoma City-based payroll services company, signed a 15-year naming contract, leading to the current name of Paycom Center.


Tulsa Revolution

The Tulsa Revolution is a professional soccer team from Tulsa, Oklahoma that plays in the Central Division of the American Indoor Soccer League.

Arena football

Arena football is a sport similar to American football. It is played indoors on a smaller field than American Football, resulting in a faster and higher-scoring game.

Pir Panjal Range

The Pir Panjal Range (Kashmiri: ) is a group of mountains in the Lesser Himalayan region. They runfrom east-southeast (ESE) to west-northwest (WNW). The range crosses the Indian territories of Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir and then Pakistan's Azad Kashmir. The average elevation varies from to . Pir Panjal is the largest range of the Lesser Himalayas. Near the bank of the Sutlej River, it seperates itself from the Himalayas and forms a divide between the Beas and Ravi rivers on one side and the Chenab on the other. The Galyat mountains are a part of this range. The region is connected to the Valley of Kashmir by Mughal Road. It used to be the historical connection of Kashmir with India.

Happy Feet

Happy Feet is a 2006 American-Australian computer-animated musical movie. It was made in Australia. The movie was directed and co-written by George Miller. It was released in North America in November 2006. While it is mostly animated, some scenes do include live-action. "Happy Feet" won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature. There is a sequel to "Happy Feet" released in 2011.

"Happy Feet" was dedicated to the following people: Nick Enright, Michael Jonson, Robby McNeilly Green, and Steve Irwin.

"Happy Feet" is set in an Emperor Penguin colony, where each penguin must sing a song called a "Heartsong" to find a mate. Two penguins, Norma Jean and Memphis, are attracted to each other by their songs, and they start a family. While Norma Jean is fishing in the ocean, Memphis is left with the egg, and he accidentally drops it on the ice, exposing it to the cold temperatures of the Antarctic. The young penguin chick who hatches out of this egg has a terrible singing voice and later discovers he has no "Heartsong." However, he does have a talent for tap dancing.

While Mumble's mother, Norma Jean, thinks this little habit is cute, his father, Memphis, says it "just ain't penguin." Besides, they both know that, without a "Heartsong", Mumble may never find true love. As fate would have it, his one friend, Gloria, happens to be the best singer around. Mumble and Gloria have a connection from the moment they hatch, but she struggles with his strange "hippity-hoppity" ways. Mumble is just too different; especially for Noah the Elder, the stern leader of the colony, who ultimately casts him out of the community.

Away from home for the first time, Mumble meets a group of different penguins—the Adelie Amigos. Led by Ramón, the Adelies instantly accept Mumble's tap-dancing skills and invite him to party with them. In the home of the Adelies, Mumble seeks the counsel of Lovelace the Guru, a Rockhopper penguin who claims he will answer any of life's questions for the price of a pebble. In their conversation, Lovelace mentions "aliens," which interest Mumble as he finds a frozen vehicle in a glacier. He decides to find the "aliens."

Returning home, Mumble and his friends find Gloria in the center of attention as her "Heartsong" is very attractive to the other penguins. However, she is not interested in the other males' "Heartsongs", but is excited when Mumble persuades her to sing in time with his tap-dance rhythm. The other penguins become interested and begin dancing. However, Noah the Elder feels that the recent lack of fish, the penguins' main food, is a punishment sent from their god in order to punish them for allowing Mumble's dancing. He therefore exiles Mumble from the colony, but before he leaves, Mumbles tells them that he will find the real cause of the famine.

With Lovelace and the Amigos, Mumble travels many miles and through many obstacles, which include an attack by killer whales. Finally, they see a lot of commercial trawlers, ships that are fishing in the Antarctic waters, and Mumble follows them. Eventually, he is caught and put on display in a marine park exhibit. He attempts to communicate with the "aliens" (humans) who are surrounding him, but fails. After nearing going mad with the confinement, a small child taps on the glass of his enclosure. Mumble is excited and begins tap-dancing. After a large crowd gathers to watch him, he is released back to the wild with a tracking device and leads the humans back to his colony.

Later on, a research team arrives to study the penguins, and the humans discover they are overfishing the ocean, which had resulted in the lack of fish. Fishing the Antarctic is banned, and the fish population returns and thrives. In the end, the Emperors and Amigos are shown dancing and celebrating.

High School Musical 3: Senior Year DANCE!

High School Musical 3: Senior Year DANCE! is a rhythm video game based on the movie "". It was released in 2008.



Bernie Mac

Bernie Mac (Bernard Jeffrey McCullough, October 5, 1957 – August 9, 2008) was an American actor and comedian. He was nominated for an Emmy Award twice.

He died on August 9, 2008 from complications of pneumonia.


Michael Phelps

Michael Fred Phelps II (born June 30, 1985) is an American swimmer who holds world records in multiple events. Phelps won eight medals at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. Six of those were gold. These medals made him tie the record for medals at a single Olympics. Alexander Dityatin has held this record since 1980. In 2008, Phelps won eight swimming gold medals at the Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. This broke Mark Spitz's record for most gold medals in a single Olympics. Spitz had won seven gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps won another four gold and two silver medals. At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Phelps won five gold medals and one silver. 

In total he has won 28 Olympic medals, a record. 23 of these are gold medals, over two times as many as the former record. Phelps is also known as the most decorated olympian in any sport. Currently, Michael Phelps has retired. He did not swim in the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.

Phelps was diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) when he was nine.

Phelps qualified to compete in three team events and five individual events. He won gold medals in all eight events (WR = world record, OR = Olympic record):

Severe weather

Severe weather is any destructive weather phenomenon. The term is usually used to refer to severe thunderstorms and related storms, such as tornados, hail, and downbursts. Unlike normal weather, severe weather does not happen as much. Most severe weather, like hurricanes and severe thunderstorms, happen in the summer. Winter storms are also kinds of severe weather, and these happen in the winter.

Indian Territory

The Indian Territory, also known as The Indian Country, The Indian territory or the Indian territories, was land set aside within the United States for the use of Native Americans.

Kenton, Oklahoma

Kenton is a small unincorporated community in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, United States.

Trio

A trio is a group of three things, or a group of three persons who are doing something together.

In music


In other entertainment:

Other uses:


Alfred Cortot

Alfred Denis Cortot (born Nyon, 26 September 1877; died Lausanne, 15 June 1962) was a French-Swiss pianist and conductor. He is one of the most famous 20th century musicians. He was especially known for his playing of piano music by 19th century Romantic composers such as Chopin and Schumann. He formed a piano trio with the violinist Jacques Thibaud and the cellist Pablo Casals. He was a piano teacher and conductor.

Cortot (pronounce “Cor-toe”) was born in Nyon in the French-speaking part of Switzerland. His father was French and his mother was Swiss. Cortot studied at the Paris Conservatoire. His teachers were Emile Descombes and Louis Diémer. He won a first prize ("premier prix") in 1896. His first public concert was at the Concerts Colonne in 1897 when he played Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 3. He helped opera singers to learn their music, and became assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival. In 1902 he conducted Wagner’s "Götterdämmerung". It was the first time it had been performed in Paris. He formed a concert society to perform Wagner's "Parsifal", Beethoven's "Missa solemnis", Brahms' "German Requiem", and new works by French composers.

In 1905, Cortot formed a trio with Jacques Thibaud and Pablo Casals, which became the most famous piano trio of the time. There are still several recordings of their playing. From 1907 to 1923, Cortot taught at the Paris Conservatoire, where his pupils included Clara Haskil, Dinu Lipatti, Vlado Perlemuter. In 1919, he founded the École Normale de Musique de Paris. Many people came to hear him teach about how to perform piano music. He travelled a lot and also conducted famous orchestras. He died in Lausanne.

Many people did not agree with him when he supported the German occupation of France during the Second World War. He played in some concerts which were supported by the Nazis. He may just have played at these concerts because he liked German music, but it made him some enemies. His wife, Clothilde Breal, was of Jewish origin and her cousin, Lise Bloch, was married to Leon Blum, the first Jew to become President du Conseil or Prime Minister in France. Cortot and the Blums were good friends, although he was banned for a year from performing in France.

He was famous for playing the piano music of Chopin and Schumann, Cortot made editions of both those composers' music. He had a superb technique, but he also had many memory lapses in concerts and occasionally left wrong notes on his records. Nevertheless, when he played well he was one of the greatest pianists of his time.

Pesto

Pesto (meaning Paste) is a type of sauce that originated in the Italian region of Liguria. The uncooked sauce is made of basil which is crushed. Other ingredients are garlic, salt, pine nuts, olive oil, and certain types of cheese (most often Parmesan cheese, Pecorino Sardo or Pecorino Romano). 

Pesto is often used as a sauce for pasta.

There is a similar dish in the Provence, in France. It contains no nuts or cheese. It is called Pistou.

Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom

Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 movie starring Harrison Ford and directed by Steven Spielberg. It is the second movie in the Indiana Jones movie series and the prequel to "Raiders of the Lost Ark".


The movie is set in 1934. Indiana Jones meets a gangster named Lao Che in Shanghai. Lao Che wants the ashes of the Manchurian emperor Nurachi. In turn, he will give Jones a rare diamond. They trade items. However, Lao Che put poison in Jones's drink and offers him the antidote for the diamond. A fight ensues, where one of Lao Che's sons is killed and a dancer named Willie Scott picks up the antidote. Jones and Scott leap out a window, where they are driven by Jones's sidekick Short Round through Shanghai. They then get on plane but do not know that it is owned by Lao Che.

Lao Che orders the pilots of his plane to parachute out to try to kill Jones. However, Jones uses a life boat and lands safely. They are then greeted by a village leader in India who tells them that a group of men took their Sankara Stone and kidnapped their children. He asks if the three of them will go help them find the stone and their children. Jones agrees and the three of them go out on elephants.

They stay the night at Pankot Palace. While there, a big man tries to kill Jones. Jones finds a secret door and find a large underground temple underneath the palace run by the Thuggee people. He sees the three Sankara Stones there. The three of them watch their leader, Mola Ram, sacrifice a man by pulling out his heart and lowering him into a lava pit where he burns to death. The Thuggees see them and capture them.

Jones meets Mola Ram, the one that kidnapped the children and stole the stone. He forces the children to work as slaves in the mine to find more of the stones. He has Jones drink the blood of Kali. The blood brainwashes Jones and puts him under a spell. Ram then shows him Scott, who they captured. Jones puts her in a cage and starts to lower her down into a lava pit. Short Round, who was working at the mines, gets free. He takes a torch and burns Jones, who comes to his senses. He saves Scott, takes the stones, and starts to get out of there.

He frees the children from their chains. However, another big man, the leader, starts to fight Jones. Jones is winning but when he is about to beat the guy, he suddenly goes into great pain. Short Round tries to help but cannot help very much. He looks up and sees that the king is using a voodoo doll and hurting Jones. Short Round climbs up to the top and burns him as well, just in time. The three heroes go into the mine cart to escape, leading a long chase where they barely escape.

Mola Ram traps them over a bridge. Jones signals to his friends to hold on and then he cuts the rope. Most of the Thuggees die when they are eaten by crocodiles down below. The rest of the people hang onto the bridge, which hits a cliff. Scott and Short Round easily make it up. Ram and Jones fight. It ends when Jones utters a chant that makes the stones very hot. Ram grabs one, is burned, and falls to his death below and is eaten by crocodiles.

A group of Indian riflemen then come down and shoots at the Thuggees, driving them back. Jones brings the stone and all the children back to the village.

Andrei Tarkovsky

Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky () (April 4, 1932 - December 29, 1986) was a Soviet movie director, writer and opera director. Tarkovksy is listed as one of the 100 filmmakers best liked by movie critics. He received critical acclaim for directing such movies as "Andrei Rublev", "Solaris" and "Stalker".

Tarkovsky also did a lot of work as a screenwriter, movie editor and theater director. He was also important as a movie theorist. He directed most of his movies in the Soviet Union, with the exception of his last two movies which were produced in Italy and Sweden. His movies are characterized by Christian spirituality and metaphysical themes. Other things that are typical for his movies are extremely long takes, the lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot, and memorable images of exceptional beauty.

Tarkovsky died of lung cancer in Paris, at age 54.

Boss (video gaming)

In video games, a boss is a powerful enemy which is much stronger than other normal enemies in the game. Usually a boss is unique, meaning there is only one of it, but sometimes it must be fought more than one time. Bosses are most often found at the end of a level or the game.

Grappling hook

A grappling hook is a hook on a rope used to climb up higher. It can also be used to swing across a gap. In today's world, it is usually used for mountain climbing/rock climbing.

Pegasus

Pegasus (, Pégasos, 'strong') is a flying horse with wings in Greek mythology. He is the son of Poseidon and the Gorgon Medusa. In cartoons and other stories, Pegasus was said to be the horse of the legendary hero Hercules.

The myth of the Pegasus is interesting and educational, and helps us understand an era gone by.

The Pegasus is a white horse with wings that can fly. It is very beautiful, and can only be controlled with a golden bridle given to Bellerophon by Athena.

Long ago, Perseus killed the monster Medusa using a reflective shield and winged sandals. He cut off her head, which had the hair of poisonous snakes and was so ugly it would turn to stone anyone who looked at it straight on, and from her blood sprang the winged horse Pegasus. Some stories say that Perseus rode Pegasus away, but other stories say he left before Pegasus was born. 

Years later, there was a young man named Bellerophon, living in Corinth. Bellerophon had always longed to ride Pegasus, but Pegasus refused to be tamed. Bellerophon decided to pray to Athena, who was the Greek goddess of wisdom. Athena gave him a golden bridle that allowed him to capture Pegasus.

Later, the brother of a king sent Bellerophon on a quest to defeat the Chimera, a legendary beast with the head of a lion that breathed fire, a goat’s head sprouting from its back, and the tail of a snake. Together, they defeated it and Bellerophon was honored. Then Bellerophon decided he wanted to be immortal and tried to fly with Pegasus to Mount Olympus, home of the gods. Zeus, angry, sent a gadfly to sting Pegasus, who bucked Bellerophon back to Earth. 

After Pegasus left Bellerophon, he sired children by horses, and produced offspring, Pegasi. 

Christian Gottlob Neefe

Christian Gottlob Neefe (1748–1798) was Ludwig van Beethoven's first teacher.

Pendant

A pendant is an object that usually hangs from a necklace. The name is from the Latin word "pendere" which means "to hang down".

Australian Classification Board

The Australian Classification Board is a government agency in Australia that controls censorship and classifications. It rates video games, movies, and publications. It was originally created in 1970 as the Office of Film and Literature Classification (OFLC). The name was changed in 2006.

For most media, there are the following ratings:
Refused Classification means that the Classification Board has banned the item from being released in Australia. Any movie or video game under this rating can not be shown in Australia. RC would be the strongest rating by the Australian Classification Board.

Satellaview

The Satellaview is a satellite modem add-on for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System only released in Japan by Nintendo. Nintendo made many games for it usually with "BS" in front of them, including remakes of "The Legend of Zelda" and "". Other companies have also made games for it.

Action adventure game

An action-adventure game is a video game genre that uses gameplay from adventure and action games. Popular games in this genre are "The Legend of Zelda" series, the "Castlevania" series, the "God of War" series and the "Metroid" series. The action-adventure game genre consists of the player, who goes on adventures, that are usually filled with monsters who the character has to fight. 

Steve Miller Band

The Steve Miller Band is an American blues rock band led by Steve Miller.


Ariadne

Ariadne, in Greek mythology, was daughter of King Minos of Crete and his queen, Pasiphaë, daughter of Helios, the Sun-titan. She helped Theseus in defeating the Minotaur (by giving him a length of string to escape the labyrinth). But Theseus abandoned her so she became the consort of the god Dionysus. She is the Greek goddess of passion and mazes.


Bird's eye view

A bird's-eye view is a view of something from above, like from a bird's view. These views allow people to see more and further away in images. Bird's eye view can be found in maps and other forms of pictures, videos and paintings.

Electronic Gaming Monthly

Electronic Gaming Monthly (abbreviated as EGM) is an American video game magazine published by Ziff Davis that started in 1989. It's one of the most popular gaming magazines in America.

Every April Fools' Day, "Electronic Gaming Monthly" does an April Fools' Day joke. One of the most famous is when they said that Sonic and Tails can be found in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" if the player completes a very hard task, and for a long time after that, people thought that they really were in. Sonic later appeared in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".

Nintendo Entertainment Analysis &amp; Development

The Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development Division (Nintendo EAD for short) is Nintendo's biggest game studio. It's responsible for making many of Nintendo's biggest games, including the "Mario" series and "The Legend of Zelda" series.

Tiel

The town is sourrounded by the rivers Waal and Linge on the south and the north side. The Amsterdam-Rhine Canal is on the east side. The city was founded in the 5th century. The whole municipality has about 41,500 inhabitants. The town's mascot is a fruit man called "Flipje". Flipje used to be the mascot for a local jam factory, but is now an icon for the whole of Tiel.

Zanskar Range

The Zanskar Range is spread over a vast area from southeastern boundaries of the state of Kashmir and extends in the northwest direction to the eastern limits of Baltistan. It separates Ladakh from the valleys of Kashmir and the Chenab River.
In other words it serves as a boundary line between Ladakh region of Kashmir and the remaining two regions of the state i.e. Jammu region and Vale of Kashmir. 23000 feet high peak Nunkun is within this range. Marbal Pass and many other passes which connect Ladakh with Kashmir are in this area, 13000 feet high Zojila Pass is in the extreme northwest of Zanskar range. This range, in fact is a branch of the great Himalayan range of mountains. Many rivers start in different branches of this range flow northward, and join the great Indus River. These rivers include Hanle River, Khurna River, Zanskar River, Suru River (Indus), and Shingo River.
It also separates Kinnaur from Spiti in Himachal Pradesh. The highest peaks of Himachal are in Zanskar range.

Karakoram

The Karakoram is a Mountain range in Asia. The name is from a Turkic word meaning "back gravel". It is mainly located in China, India, and Pakistan. Parts of the range extend into Afghanistan and Kyrgyzstan. Many of its mountains are in the regions of Gilgit-Baltistan, Ladakh, and Xinjiang. It is the second highest mountain range in the world. The Karakoram is part of a complex of mountain ranges that also includes the Himalaya, Hindu Kush, and Pamir ranges. The range has eight mountains with tops over high. Four of these are higher than . They are K2, Gasherbrum I, Broad Peak, and Gasherbrum II. K2 is the world's second highest peak.

The range is about long and it covers a tract about broad. Karakoram separates the State of Kashmir from China, and South-central Asian States. It also protects Kashmir from the extreme cold winds of Siberia. There are over 300 peaks with an elevation between and high. Karakoram is the most glaciated part of the world outside the polar regions. Glaciers cover about 28-50% of the mountains in the range. This is much higher than the Himalayan average of 8-12%. Some of the famous glaciers are the Siachen Glacier ( long) and Biafo Glacier (long). These are the second and third longest glaciers in the world, outside the polar region. Many hilly lakes and hot-water springs are also located in Karakoram. The valleys are sources to many rivers and streams which drain in the Indus River. 

The high Karakoram Pass connects Kashmir with the Central Asian states. It is considered to be a historical route. Shaksgam Pass, Aghil Pass, and Khunjerab Pass are also in this range of mountains.

Hindu Kush

The Hindu Kush is a range of mountains. It starts near Pamir in the north of Gilgit extending in the southwest deep into the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, Tirich Mir is here. On the west of this range is the Wakhan corridor of Afghanistan which separates Gilgit Agency from Tajikistan. This tract of land was formed under an agreement between the governments of the Empires of Russia and Britain in 1890. It was annexed with Afghanistan to serve as a neutral zone between the two empires. 

The passes of Mintaka Pass, Kilik Pass, Chilinji Pass and Kuramber Pass are in the Hindu Kush range and connect Kashmir with the central Asian states. Many rivers including the Chapursan River, Ishkuman River, Ghizar River, Gilgit River and Shandur River originate in the valleys of Hindu kush and ultimately join the Indus River.

Deosai Mountains

Deosai Mountains are between the Vale of Kashmir, Gilgit Agency and Baltistan District. There is also a large plain with an area of 580 sq miles, with the same name Deosai. The whole area is uninhabited, surrounded by rocky mountains, at an elevation of 16,000 to 17,000 feet. The road leading to Skardu from Gurez passes through the Deosai Plains. Tragbal Pass and Burzil Pass, in this area, connect the Valley of Kashmir with Baltistan and Gilgit.

Harmukh Mountain

Harmukh is a branch of great Himalayan range which is between the valleys of Jhelum and Neelum in the north eastern part of Kashmir Valley to the north of Srinagar. Excepting the mornings and evening, the mountain is always covered by clouds. Name of the 16980 feet high peak is also Harmukh. The peak is square shaped and can be viewed from all the sides therefore the name "Harmukh". Sarbalnag spring is on the top of Harmukh mountain.

Sulaiman Mountains

The Sulaiman Mountains (; Balochi/Urdu/), or the Kesai Mountains are a major feature of southeastern Afghanistan (Zabul, most of Loya Paktia and northeastern Kandahar province), South Waziristan, and most of northern Balochistan province of Pakistan. They are one of the bordering ranges between the Iranian Plateau and the South Asia. Bordering the Sulaiman Range to the north are the arid highlands of the Hindu Kush Range, with more than 50 percent of the lands there lying above 2,000 m (6,500 feet). The Sulaiman Range, and the high plateau to the west and southwest of it, helps form a natural barrier against the humid winds that blow from the Indian Ocean, creating arid conditions across Southern Afghanistan to the north. In contrast, the relatively flat and low-lying Indus River Delta is situated due east and south of the Sulaiman Mountains. This lush delta is prone to heavy flooding and is mostly uncultivated wilderness.

Rivers that flow from the Sulaiman mountain system include the Dori River and the Gomal River. 

There are very few plants on the southern slope. In the central part, there are wild olives, pistachios and orchards of apples and cherries, as well as wild almonds and junipers. There are junipers and alpines. Ziarat District is a tourist attraction, famous for its large juniper forests.

Salt Range

The Salt Range is a hill system in the Punjab province of Pakistan, deriving its name from its extensive deposits of rock salt. The range extends from the Jhelum River to the Indus River, across the northern portion of the Punjab province. The Salt Range contains the great mines of Mayo, Khewra, Warcha and Kalabagh, which yield vast supplies of salt. Coal of a medium quality is also found.

Toba Kakar Range

The Toba Kakar Mountains are a Southern offshoot of the Himalayas in the Balochistan region of Pakistan. The historical route through the mountains is known as the Bolan Pass, and though the mountains are sometimes inaccurately referred to as the "Brahui Mountains", Brahui is the term for an ethnic group that lives in the region, and their language.

Ladakh Range

The Ladakh Range is a segment of the Karakoram Range, that extends southeastward for 230 miles (370 km) from the mouth of the Shyok River in the Ladakh region to the Tibetan/Chinese border. With a crest line of about 20,000 feet (6,100 m), the range parallels the northeast bank of the Indus River.

Kiki's Delivery Service

Kiki's Delivery Service, known in Japan as , is a movie about a witch named Kiki who goes to live on her own for a year, just like all witches must do at her age. It's the fifth anime movie made at Studio Ghibli, and is the only movie from the studio to be owned by Disney instead of Turner Entertainment. It's based on the novel of the same name.

It begins with her listening to the radio and hears that there will be a full moon and runs to tell her mother she is leaving to start her training. She then leaves with a cat, Jiji, and while flying on her broom stick, runs into another witch who acts snobby. She then finds a town:Koriko, lives with a pregnant women who runs a bakery with her husband, starts a delivery service. After that, she gets a good friend;Kokiri. But suddenly Kiki loses her magical power so she can't fly with a broom stick and talk with her cat;Jiji. One day, Kokiri is involved in an accident airship.

Kiki is the main character of this movie, And is a witch. She can fly with a broom stick and has a cat named Jiji. She goes to Koriko town to train as a witch for one year away from home. In this town, she meets Osono and she runs her delivery service in a bakery.

Jiji is the black cat. He is Kiki' partner and his birthday is same with Kiki. He can talk with Kiki by using Kiki's magical power. He loves a white cat;Lily.CV:Rei Sakuma
Kokiri is Kiki's mother. And she is witche. She can fly with a broom stick and make a medicine from medical plants.CV:Meiko Nobusawa
Okino is Kiki's father.CV:Ko^ichi Miura
Tombo(Kobori) is a boy living in Koriko town. "Tombo" is his nickname and "Kobori" is his real name. He has a longing for flying.CV:Kappei Yamaguchi
Osono is the bakery owner in Koriko town. She met Kiki by chance, and she allowed Kiki to live her house. She was pregnant woman and finally she has a baby. CV:Keiko Toda
Fukuo is the baker and Osono's husband. He is a quiet and playful person. Also, his name don't be called in the movie. CV:Koichi Yamadera
Ursula is painter. She lives in the forest. When Kiki felt down about her delivery service, Ursula provide Kiki with encouragement. Also, her name is not said in the movie. CV: Minami Takayama
Maki is fashion designer. She is first customer of Kiki's Delivery Service. She lives next to bakery with a white cat. The name of cat is lily.CV:Kikuko Inoue

The Castle of Cagliostro

The Castle of Cagliostro, known in Japan as is an anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki. It's a movie in the "Lupin III" anime series, starring the character Arsène Lupin III, an infamous gentleman thief.

The prequel to this movie is "Mystery of Mamo". The sequel is "The Legend of the Gold of Babylon".

Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea



Howl's Moving Castle (movie)

The movie stars the following actors:


Saros

Saros or Sáros could mean:


Trauma center

A trauma center is a hospital equipped to be able to help patients 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Academia

Academia is a word for higher education and research. The word comes from the "akademeia" just outside ancient Athens, where the gymnasium was made famous by Plato.



Biblical studies

Biblical studies is the academic study of the Judeo-Christian Bible and other similar books. For Christianity, the Bible has the New Testament and Old Testament together, which are often called the "Scriptures."



Isaac Hayes

Isaac Hayes (August 20, 1942 – August 10, 2008) was an American soul singer, songwriter, and actor. He was also known for playing Chef in "South Park", but joined Scientology took over his life and quit South Park for him without his permission according to his own son, which was his religion. He won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for the theme from "Shaft", a 1971 movie.

Hayes was found on the floor of his house on August 10, 2008. He was taken to the hospital. He died there, of a stroke.

Operation Searchlight

Operation Searchlight was a planned military operation by the Pakistani Army to stop the Bengali nationalist movement in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) in March 1971. It was ordered by the government in West Pakistan and was seen as the sequel to Operation Blitz, which had been launched in November 1970. 
The Pakistani Army was endorsed and supported by the US under Nixon Administration and the Bengalis by by India and the USSR. The US objective was to curb Soviet influence in South Asia and win Pakistan as an ally. 
Pakistan lost the war, resulting in the Independence of Bangladesh. All US objectives were failed.

Associativity

Associative property is a property of mathematical operations (like addition and multiplication). It means that if you have more than one of the same associative operator (like +) in a row, the order of operations does not matter.
For example, if you have formula_1, there are two plus signs (+) in a row. This means we can add it in either this order:

Or this order:

The answer comes out the same both ways because addition is associative.
In other words, associativity means:

Not all operations are associative. Subtraction is not associative, which means:

This is true because:
And:
Also, associativity is different from commutativity, which lets you move the numbers around.

Disney's Nine Old Men

Disney's Nine Old Men were a group of animators who were very important names for Disney. They made many important works of Disney, from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs to The Fox and the Hound. Although the men of the group were all young, Walt Disney called them Nine Old Men as a reference to Franklin D. Roosevelt calling the US Supreme Court nine old men.

The Nine Old Men were:










By the time "Robin Hood" was released, only four of the Nine Old Men were still animating at Disney. They were Milt Kahl, John Lounsbery, Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston, although Eric Larson and Wolfgang Reitherman were both working for Disney, but not as animators. Lounsbery died in 1976, Kahl retired the same year and died in 1987. Thomas and Johnston retired in 1978, and both later enjoyed cameo appearances in the Brad Bird-directed movies "The Iron Giant" (Warner Bros., 1999) and "The Incredibles" (Pixar, 2004). Thomas died shortly after that, in 2004, leaving Johnston as the last living "Old Man." He died on April 14, 2008.


Ollie Johnston

Oliver Martin Johnston, Jr. (October 31, 1912 – April 14, 2008) was an American movie animator. He was one of Disney's Nine Old Men, and the last one living. He also got the National Medal of Arts in 2005. He was a good friend of Frank Thomas, another animator who was also one of the Nine Old Men. They wrote "", a book about animation. Johnston's hobby throughout his life was trains.



Enter Shikari

Enter Shikari are a post-hardcore band from St Albans, Hertfordshire, England. The band is named after the Hindi word "Shikari" meaning hunter.
The band have played at festivals such as Reading and Leeds.

They are known for songs such as "Sorry You're Not a Winner", "Arguing With Thermometers", "Juggernauts" and "Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour". They have an album called "Common Dreads" that contains "Common Dreads", "Solidarity", "Step Up", "Juggernauts", "Wall", "Zzzonked", "Havoc A", "No Sleep Tonight", "Gap in the Fence", "Havoc B", "Antwerpen", "The Jester", "Halcyon (Intro)", "Hectic" and "Fanfare for the Conscious Man".

Their third album released by Enter Shikari includes songs such as "Arguing With Thermometers" and "Warm smiles do not make you welcome". The final tour in support of this album was named "Flash flood of Christmas".

"Take to the Skies" was the debut studio album by Enter Shikari. It was released on March 25, 2007 by Christopher Bowman Records.


Random House

Random House is the biggest English-language book publisher in the world. It is owned by the large German media company Bertelsmann. Random House was founded in 1927 by Bennett Cerf and Donald Klopfer. The publisher's main office in the United States is located at 1745 Broadway in Manhattan. In October 2018, Penguin Random House merged two of its most known publishing lines, Random House and the Crown Publishing Group. In 2019, Penguin Random House acquired British children's book publisher Little Tiger Group (including American subsidiary Tiger Tales Press) and added it to Random House Children's Books. 


Dr. Seuss

Theodor Seuss Geisel (; March 2, 1884 – December 12, 2009) was an American writer and cartoonist. He was better known by his pen name, Dr. Seuss. After World War I he was a sophomore in high school. He wasn't interested in sports but still went to school and did daily activities. He pronounced his name , but it is often said as .

In his long life Geisel wrote more than 60 books. He started to write his stories because when he opened his window he heard the animals from the nearby zoo. Geisel wrote most of his books using the name Dr. Seuss. However, he also wrote 13 books using the name Theo. LeSieg. He also wrote one book using the name Rosetta Stone"—"the same name as the Rosetta Stone. Many people know and like Theodor Seuss Geisel's work as a children's author. His books are known for catchy phrases. His books have sold over 222 million copies and been translated into more than 15 languages. After his death in 1991, several books have been published based on his sketches and notes; these include "Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!" and "Daisy-Head Mayzie". Though they were all published under the name Dr. Seuss, only "My Many Colored Days", originally written in 1973, was entirely by Geisel. Before his death, he sold 200 million copies of his books. One museum in Springfield, Massachusetts is completely about Geisel and his books.

Dr. Seuss died in La Jolla, Califoina age 87.






False vampire bat

The false vampire bats ("Megaderma") are a subfamliy of bats. They are two species that occur in Asia. There are two living species, the lesser tailed vampire bat ("Megaderma spasma") and the greater tailed vampire bat ("Megaderma lyra") . They are unrelated to the vampire bats (which only occur in South America). Unlike the vampire bats, they also do not feed on blood, but are insectivores. They are also unrelated to the spectral bat (which is called "Vampyrum", but which is an omnivore)

Centaur (planetoid)

A Centaur in astronomy is a small object like an asteroid that orbits or goes around the Sun between the planets Jupiter and Neptune. It can also rarely be found around the planet Mars. Centaurs are also known as outer planet crossers.

List of settlements in Thailand

Thailand divides its municipalities ("thesaban") into three levels - cities about the quantity of inhabitants, ("thesaban nakhon"), towns ("thesaban mueang") and townships ("thesaban tambon").

The national capital Bangkok (pop. 5,678,003: May 2006) and the special governed city Pattaya (Population 96,859: May 2006) are outside of these divisions.

23 cities

City, Province - Population ( May 2006 )

117 towns
1,024 townships

Sidcup

Sidcup is a suburban town in Greater London, and is in the London Borough of Bexley. It is southeast of Charing Cross. 

For many years, Sidcup's Member of Parliament, as part of the Old Bexley and Sidcup constituency was Edward Heath, who was Prime Minister from 1970 to 1974.


Quentin Blake

Sir Quentin Saxby Blake (born 16 December 1932) is a British author and illustrator of children's books. He is most known for his drawings in books written by Roald Dahl.

Blake went to Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School. His first published drawing was for "Punch" magazine, at the age of 16. He studied English Literature at Downing College, Cambridge (1953-6) and later studied at the Chelsea School of Art. He trained as a teacher at the Institute of Education before working at the Royal College of Art.

Blake gained a reputation as an illustrator of over 300 children's books. His work in Roald Dahl's books made him internationally famous. As well as his work with Dahl, Blake has also written several books of his own.


This is a list only of books both written and illustrated by Blake.





Chassis

A chassis (, ; plural "chassis" from French châssis ) (plural chassis) consists of a framework that supports an inanimate (non-living) object. This is much like an animal's skeleton, for example in a car.

In a car, the term chassis means the frame (the metal "skeleton") plus the engine, transmission (gear shift), driveshaft, differential (gears which keep the back wheels moving correctly), and suspension (springs which keep the car above the ground). A body, which is usually not necessary to keep the car together, is built on top of the chassis to complete the car.




Green Eggs and Ham

Green Eggs and Ham is a book by Dr. Seuss. It was first published in 1960. "Publishers Weekly" says that it had sold fourth-most copies of any children's book ever as of 2001. In this story, Sam-I-Am pesters Guy-Am-I to eat green eggs and ham. However, Guy refuses, insisting that he does not like them until the end. It received an animated adaption in 1973.

"Green Eggs and Ham" is one of Seuss's "Beginner Books", written using very simple words for beginning readers. There are only fifty different words, of which 49 have only one syllable. The one exception is "anywhere". The fifty words used are: "a, am, and, anywhere, are, be, boat, box, car, could, dark, do, eat, eggs, fox, goat, good, green, ham, here, house, I, if, in, let, like, may, me, mouse, not, on, or, rain, Sam, say, see, so, thank, that, the, them, there, they, train, tree, try, will, with, would, you". 45 of the 50 words (all words except "box", "car", "Sam", "train" and "try") are Germanic.


Super Castlevania IV

Super Castlevania IV, known in Japan as is an adventure platforming video game made by Konami for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It appeared on the Wii's Virtual Console too. It's a retelling of "Castlevania", and the main character is Simon Belmont. 

Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin

Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin, known in Japan as , is an Action RPG video game made by Konami for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It's the second game release for the system, and has a sequel that's going to be released called "".

"Portrait of Ruin" is a sidescrolling action game that has gameplay from platform games and role-playing games like jumping to reach higher areas and leveling up.

Claude Lévi-Strauss

Claude Lévi-Strauss (; 28 November 1908 – 30 October 2009) was a French anthropologist. He was born to French Jewish parents in Brussels. He grew up in Paris. He came up with structural anthropology, which is the idea that people think about the world in terms of opposites—such as high and low, inside and outside, life and death—and that every culture can be understood in terms of these opposites. "From the very start," he wrote, "the process of visual perception makes use of binary oppositions." ["Structuralism and Ecology", 1972]



Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow

Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow, known in Japan as is an action-adventure video game made by Konami for the Game Boy Advance handheld game console. It is part of the "Castlevania" series, and the third "Castlevania" game on the Game Boy Advance. It stars a young man named Soma Cruz who is sent to Dracula's castle along with other people. It has a sequel called "" for the Nintendo DS.

Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse

Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse, known in Japan as , is an action platforming video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It's the third game released in the "Castlevania" series, and stars Trevor Blemont, Simon Belmont's ancestor. It takes place 215 years before "Castlevania I" and "".

North Tyrol

North Tyrol, or North Tirol (German and Austro-Bavarian: Nordtirol) is the main part of the Austrian state of Tyrol, located in the western part of the country. The other part of the state is East Tyrol, which also belongs to Austria, but does not share a border with North Tyrol. 

Besides those two regions, the historical region of Tyrol also included the areas today known as Bolzano-Bozen and Trento for many centuries. They were annexed by Italy after World War I which made North Tyrol and East Tyrol effectively cut off from each other.

North Tyrol borders Salzburg in the east, the German state of Bavaria in the north, Vorarlberg in the west, the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southwest and Bolzano-Bozen in the south. Its capital is Innsbruck.

Trauma Center: New Blood

Trauma Center: New Blood, known in Japan as is a medical simulation video game made by Atlus for the Wii game console. It's the third game in the "Trauma Center" series, and stars different characters than in "" and "".

Trauma Center: Second Opinion

Trauma Center: Second Opinion, known in Japan as , is a medical simulation video game made by Atlus for the Wii game console. It's the second game in the "Trauma Center" series, and a remake of "" for the Nintendo DS. It adds a new way to control the medical tools and adds a new story to go with the old one. Another Wii title was released called "", and there was a sequel on the DS called "". It was a Wii launch game in North America and Japan.

Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2

Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2, known in Japan as is a surgical simulation video game. It was made by Atlus for the Nintendo DS game console. It's the fourth game in the "Trauma Center" series, and a direct sequel to "" also for the DS. It stars Derek Stiles and Angie Thompson and their work saving patients and fighting the GUILT virus.

Members of Caduceus

Members of Delphi

Note: Since most characters in Delphi operate under codenames, if no real name is given then only the codename will be listed.

Castlevania II: Simon's Quest

Castlevania II: Simon's Quest, known in Japan as , is an action-adventure video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It's a part of the "Castlevania" series and a sequel to the NES' "Castlevania".

Castlevania (video game)

Castlevania, known in Japan as , is an action platforming video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It's the first game in the "Castlevania" series. It stars Simon Belmont, a vampire hunter, who has to battle against Dracula and his minions. It's had many sequels and is still a popular series.

Spectral bat

The genus Vampyrum contains only one species, the Spectral bat ("V. spectrum"). Some alternate names for this species are 'Linnaeus's False vampire bat' and the 'Spectral Vampire bat'. Confusingly, they are not related to the Old World family of large carnivorous bats to be found in the Megadermatidae that are also called false vampires. The animals occur in South America, and Trinidad and Tobago.

This species is the largest bat (Chiroptera) in the New World. Its wingspan is about 80 cm (almost 3 feet). Body length and weight are 125-35 mm and 145-190 grams respectively. Some animals reach wingspans of over a metre. The fur on the upper parts of the bat is normally brown or rust-orange and quite short. The ears are very long and rounded. The large feet are robust, with long curved claws. The muzzle is long and narrow, and the teeth are strong. The Noseleaf is shaped as in the photograph. 

The bats are very good at hunting at night. They are predators. Their prey includes many vertebrates, such as amphibians, reptiles, small birds and mammals- they even hunt other bat species. Insects are also included, especially large crickets, cicadas etc. Surprisingly, a small amount of fruit is also eaten.

When hunting, this species is extremely stealthy. It will often pounce from a position on an above branch onto its prey or fly like some owls by patrolling back and forth along forest edges, suddenly dropping on something in the grass. One young or pup is produced each year, and the mother is very attentive and gentle with her offspring. The male is always in attendance too and will frequently sleep with both mother and young completely wrapped in his wings.


Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow

Emmanuelle

Emmanuelle is the lead character in a series of French softcore based on a character created by Emmanuelle Arsan in the novel "Emmanuelle" (1959). Starting in the 1970s, many very successful movies were made from the book (and its sequels).

At the 2008 Cannes Film Festival, Alain Siritzky said that a worldwide search was to begin for a new Emmanuelle to star in a new series of movies.


Millvina Dean

Eliza Gladys "Millvina" Dean (2 February 1912 – 31 May 2009) was a British civil servant, cartographer, and the last living survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic on 15 April 1912. At two months old, she was also the youngest passenger aboard.

She was two months old when she went on the Titanic with her mother, father, and brother. When the Titanic hit an iceberg, her father felt it and told his wife to get her children dressed and go to the deck, or front, of the ship. Dean, her mother, and her brother all got into a lifeboat and got away from the sinking Titanic. Her father did not survive.

Dean started to take part in Titanic-related activities when she was in her seventies, and did not like it when forms of entertainment use the Titanic. The only Titanic movie she watched was "A Night to Remember", and she hated it as it was too painful for her to watch.

She became the last living Titanic survivor when Barbara West died on 16 October 2007. West, unlike Dean, did not want any publicity from the Titanic.

 

Castlevania: Symphony of the Night

Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, known in Japan as , is a 2D action-adventure video game made by Konami for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn game consoles. It's a direct sequel to "Akumajō Dracula X Chi no Rondo". It also appeared on the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade and on PlayStation 3's PSN, and on the PlayStation Portable game "".

Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan


Elite Beat Agents

Elite Beat Agents is a music video game made by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console. It's the spiritual sequel to "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan". The gameplay has the player tap and drag on spots on the touch screen in beat to the rhythm of the music to score points. It was released under the Touch! Generations label in North America. In South Korea, it's called "Dowajweo! Rhythm Hero" (; Help! Rhythm Hero).



Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan 2


Wars (series)

The Wars series is a series of video games made by Nintendo that has appeared on many Nintendo systems starting with the Nintendo Entertainment System. Its first game is "Famicom Wars", and it has a spin-off called "Battalion Wars". The series is often called "Advance Wars", since the main games are called "Advance Wars" in English.


Russo-Georgian War

The 2008 South Ossetia war was a military conflict that started on 8 August 2008, between Georgia, South Ossetian (and Abkhazian) secessionists and Russia.

South Ossetia and Abkhazia are territories within Georgia that declared independence from Georgia and have been acting in a "de facto" independent capacity since the early 1990s. Neither state has been diplomatically recognised by any member of the United Nations. The conflict began on August 8, 2008, after Georgia claimed South Ossetian separatists had broken a ceasefire by attacking villages, although South Ossetian officials deny that they attacked villages. Georgia launched a military offensive to surround and capture the capital of South Ossetia, Tskhinvali.

Russian military troops entered the war at the side of South Ossetia and won the conflict. Georgia launched the Georgia versus Russia (Hague court application, 2008)
in the International Court of Justice.

The war ended on Saturday August 16th, 2008.




Horst-Wessel-Lied

The Horst-Wessel-Lied ("Horst Wessel Song"), also known as "Die Fahne hoch" ("The flag on high", from its opening line), was the anthem of the Nazi Party from 1930 to 1945. From 1933 to 1945 it was also part of Germany's national anthem.
The words of the song were composed in 1929 by Horst Wessel, a Nazi activist and local commander of the Nazi militia, the Sturmabteilung, in the Berlin district of Friedrichshain. Wessel was assassinated by a Communist activist in January 1930, and the propaganda apparatus of Berlin Gauleiter Dr Joseph Goebbels made him the leading martyr of the Nazi Movement. The song became the official Song of Consecration ("Weihelied") for the Nazi Party, and was much used at party functions and sung by the SA during street parades.

When the Nazis came to power in 1933, the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" was made a national symbol by a law issued on May 19, 1933. Nazi Germany thus had a double anthem, consisting of the first verse of the "Deutschlandlied" followed by the "Horst Wessel-Lied". A regulation attached to a printed version of the "Horst Wessel-Lied" in 1934 required the right arm to be raised in a "Hitler salute" when the first and fourth verses were sung.

With the fall of the Nazi regime in 1945, the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" was banned, and both the lyrics and the tune remain illegal in Germany and Austria to this day except for educational and scholarly uses (under sections 86 and 86a of the "Strafgesetzbuch").

The lyrics of the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" were published in the Berlin Nazi newspaper, "Der Angriff", in September 1929, attributed to "Der Unbekannte SA-Mann" ("the Unknown SA-Man"), as follows:

The "Rotfront" ("Red Front") was a reference to the Rotfrontkämpferbund, a communist militia tied to the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). It was common for Nazis' Sturmabteilung and Communists' Redfront to attack each other in violent street fights, which eventually grew into full-scale battles after 1930. "Reaction" was a reference to the conservative parties and the liberal democratic German state of the Weimar Republic period, which made several unsuccessful attempts to ban the SA. "Servitude" means what the Nazis saw as Germany's "servitude" to the Treaty of Versailles of 1919, which imposed huge reparations on Germany and deprived her of her colonies and territory along her eastern border.

Some changes were made to the lyrics after Wessel's death:

The dropping of the reference to "barricades" reflected the Nazi Party's desire in the period 1930-33 to be seen as a constitutional political party aiming at taking power by legal means rather than as a revolutionary party.

The line "Kameraden, die Rotfront und Reaktion erschossen" is bad German, but it was never amended.

After Wessel's death, new stanzas were composed in his honour. These were frequently sung by the SA but did not become part of the official lyrics used on party or state occasions.

After Wessel's death, he was officially credited with having composed the melody as well as having written the lyrics. Between 1930 and 1933, however, German critics disputed this claim, pointing out that the melody had a long prior history. Such criticism became impossible after 1933.

The most likely immediate source for the melody was a song popular in the German Imperial Navy during World War I, which Wessel would no doubt have heard being sung by Navy veterans in the Berlin of the 1920s. The song was known either by its opening line as "Vorbei, vorbei, sind all die schönen Stunden", or as the "Königsberg-Lied", after the German light cruiser "Königsberg", which is mentioned in one version of the song's lyrics. The opening stanza of the song is:

Another German song, "Der Abenteurer" (The Adventurer), begins:
In 1936 a German music critic, Alfred Weidemann, published an article in which he identified the melody of a song composed in 1865 by the Weimar composer Peter Cornelius as the "Urmelodie" (source-melody). According to Weidemann, Cornelius described the tune as a "Viennese folk tune." This appeared to him to be the ultimate origin of the melody of the "Horst-Wessel-Lied". 
The musical score is much more complex than the text of the song; given its characteristics, it could easily be sung even by people without much singing practice, and be played by amateur bands. Often, fanfares were used to give a more military touch to the tune. 
See also the Wikipedia article on Carl Boberg (1859-1940), particularly the note on similarities and dissimilarities between "Horst Wessel Lied" and the Swedish tune O STORE GUD (widely sung as "How Great Thou Art").

During the 1930s and '40s the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" was adapted for use by fascist groups in other European countries. The anthem of the British Union of Fascists was set to the same tune, and its lyrics were to some extent modelled on the "Horst-Wessel-Lied", but appealing to British nationalism rather than German nationalism. Its opening stanza was:

In Spain, the Falange fascist movement sang to the same tune:

While in Vichy France the fascists of the radical Milice sang:

Between 1930 and 1933 the German Communists and Social Democrats sang various parodies of the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" during their street battles with the SA. Some simply changed the political character of the song, such as:

The Stahlhelm was a veterans' organisation closely aligned with the Nazis.

Others substituted completely new lyrics:

Ernst Thälmann was the KPD leader.

These versions were of course banned once the Nazis came to power and the Communist and Social Democratic parties repressed. But during the years of the Third Reich the song was parodied in various underground versions, most of them poking fun at the corruption of the Nazi elite. One version ran:

Wilhelm Frick was the Interior Minister. Baldur von Schirach was the Hitler Youth leader. Heinrich Himmler was head of the SS and police.

In the first year of the Nazi regime radical elements of the SA sang their own parody of the song, reflecting their disappointment that the "socialist" element of National Socialism had not been realised:

Kurt Schmitt was Economics Minister 1933-35.

This article is largely based on George Boderick, "The Horst-Wessel-Lied: A Reappraisal," "International Folklore Review" Vol. 10 (1995): 100-127, available online here 


Identity (philosophy)

Identity is an word used in the social sciences to describe a person's understanding of him or herself as an individual. 


Philip Gidley King

Philip Gidley King (April 23, 1758 – September 3, 1808) was a sailor in the British Royal Navy who became the third Governor of New South Wales.

King was born in Launceston, Cornwall. His father was a draper, selling cloth and fabrics. He joined the navy in 1770 at the age of 12. He was made the captain's servant on the "HMS Swallow". He served in the West Indies and then fought in the American War of Independence. He became a midshipman and later a lieutenant. He served with Captain Arthur Phillip in "HMS Ariadne". He went to India with Phillip in 1783 in the ship "HMS Europe". Phillip was very pleased with King. He made King a lieutenant on HMS "Sirius" when he took the First Fleet to Australia in 1787 to start the penal colony.

Three weeks after the First Fleet got to Sydney, Governor Phillip sent King to Norfolk Island. His task was to set up a small penal colony that would make use of the timber and flax growing on the island. These would be of use to the British Navy. He arrived at the island on March 3, 1788. There was no safe place to land on the island and this made it a difficult place to have a settlement. King had a group of 23 people including 15 convicts. Over the next two years they began clearing land (removing trees) to grow crops and to raise cattle and other animals. King was made Lieutenant-Governor of Norfolk Island. In March 1790, Phillip sent King back to England. He was to go back and tell the British government about the problems of the new settlements in Australia.

King stayed in London for about four months. He married Anna Josepha Coombe on March 11, 1791, and they left for Australia four days later. After reporting to Phillip in Sydney, they were back on Norfolk Island in November, where his son Phillip Parker King was born.

While he had been away, Norfolk had been governed by Lieutenant-Governor Robert Ross. Phillip had moved Ross to the island because of his difficulties in working with him at Sydney. When King arrived, the convicts, settlers and soldiers were very unhappy because of Ross's leadership. King made new rules, which made things better for people who wanted to settle on the island, many of whom had been marines or convicts. In 1794 the island was growing all of the wheat it needed, and had so many pigs it was able to send food to Sydney.

The flax on the island was too hard to turn into cloth. Two Maoris from New Zealand were kidnapped and brought to Norfolk to teach people how to work the flax. The two men did not know about flax, because in New Zealand it was work done by the women. In November 1793, King left the island for ten days to take the men back home. He did not have permission to leave and got into trouble from Lieutenant-Governor Francis Grose. King also had problems with many of the soldiers. They said he punished them more than the convicts. King arrested 20 soldiers and charged them with mutiny, and sent them to Sydney. Grose released the soldiers and told the soldiers on Norfolk that they were in charge, not King. These orders were later changed by the Duke of Portland.

King became ill with gout, and in October 1796 Governor John Hunter let him go back to England to get medical treatment.

He soon became better with proper medical treatment. He began to look for work, and Phillip wanted the government to send him back to New South Wales to be the new governor. After many delays, he set out for Australia in a new ship partly designed by Sir Joseph Banks. This ship turned out to be unsafe, and could not sail in rough seas. King was forced to return to England. After further delays, he finally sailed on the ship "Speedy," and arrived in Sydney on November 26, 1799.

Hunter remained in charge until he could arrange to sail back to England in Spetember, 1800. King as the new governor, immediately set about to try and make changes. He wanted to control the amount of alcohol being brought to Australia by the military and sold at a profit. For example, the two surgeons that came to Australia on the "Speedy" had brought 4359 gallons (19,816 litres) of alcohol to sell. He tried to get merchants in Calcutta and the US not to send alcohol. He started a brewery to make beer, hoping this would be less of a problem than the alcohol like rum.

King arranged for the government to bring in supplies for sale at a reasonable price, which ended the power of some of the military. He also brought in controls over prices, wages, working hours, baking, butchers, interest rates, weights, measures and currency. He reduced the number of convict servants that the military officers could have. He arranged for more convicts to be put to work on farms and projects like building roads, guard houses, and granaries. The new colony began to grow all of its own food. King looked at ways to increase the food supply and arranged for the import of sheep and cattle to build up stocks. King also began to employ convicts who had finished their prison sentences, called emancipists. He started a school for female orphans, a newspaper (the Sydney Gazette), and even had people vaccinated for smallpox.

King was often in conflict with the military, the New South Wales Corps. As soldiers, they did not like taking orders from a naval officer. They felt that their duties were to protect New South Wales, and not to be responsible for the convicts. They wanted the colony to be run like a prison, even though there was no other people but them to run it. They objected to freed convicts being given any rights or land. King's changes had also upset their money making schemes through the sale of alcohol and other goods. King's orders were often ignored or disobeyed. In 1801 he sent an officer, John Macarthur, back to England to be tried for refusing orders and fighting a duel with his commanding officer. Instead of going to trial, Macarthur was able to make the British government believe that he was innocent, and all the problem were caused by King's lack of ability. Macarthur left the army and returned to Australia in July 1805 as a hero, having been told he could have of the best land. King asked for leave, and was told his resignation was accepted.

King had to stay until August 1806 so that a new governor could be sent out. His health broke down and he was not fit to sail until February 1807. He reached England in November 1807. King died on September 3, 1808, and was buried in London.

First Fleet

The First Fleet is the name given to the 11 ships that sailed from Great Britain on 13 May 1787, to start the first European colony in New South Wales. It was the beginning of a plan to send thousands of prisoners to Australia to make convict settlements. The fleet was led by Captain Arthur Phillip. This journey lasted eight months, and used a route across the oceans that had only been used three times; once by Abel Tasman and twice by James Cook.

The 18th century was a time of great change in Europe, and especially in England. There was an industrial revolution. This was when many machines were being invented for use in large factories. With machines now doing the ordinary tasks of men, people were left without jobs and wages. This made it very difficult to survive. Men, women and even children resorted to theft in order to live. With the rise of machines, farmers were also forced to move to the city to look for jobs. As a result, London had become very overcrowded, and so had the prisons. In fact, prisons had become so overcrowded that convicts had been relegated to hulks (floating prisons). 

To solve the problem, the British Government made the decision to settle what is now Australia in order to transport convicts and soldiers to a new penal settlement in Botany Bay.

There were 11 ships altogether. Two navy ships, six convict transports and three store ships.

The convicts were housed below deck and often further confined behind bars. Conditions were extremely cramped. In many cases the prisoners were restrained in chains and were only allowed on deck for fresh air and exercise. On deck, thick wooden walls were built to separate the convicts from the rest of the ship. The walls had small holes in them so the guards could shoot in case of trouble. The hatches (doors up to the deck) were kept shut with cross bars, bolts and locks. Guards were almost always on duty at each hatch, and a guard with a gun was always on the quarter-deck (back of the ship). People slept in hammocks and there were tables for eating and stools to sit on. 

The prisoners were gathered from places throughout England - Wiltshire, Devonshire, Surry, Dorset, Gloucestershire, Somersetshire, Plymouth and London - many had already been locked up for several years in various prisons under appalling conditions and were in a poor state of health. Many, especially those from smaller country jails were not in good health. Captain Phillip thought that he might have to make one of the ships a hospital ship to care for the sick. Newspapers wrote that they expected about 80% of the convicts would not survive the long journey. Before they even left England, several of the convicts died and some of marines were so sick that they were removed from the ships. However the number of people that died on the trip was quite small, and shows that the planning and treatment of the convicts during the journey was actually successful. Most had put on weight and were healthier when they arrived in Australia than when they left England.

The First Fleet left Portsmouth, England on 13 May 1787. The entire journey took 252 days (a little over 8 months). From England, the fleet sailed to Australia making stops in Santa Cruz, Rio de Janeiro and Cape Town. They arrived in Botany Bay in mid-January 1788. 

The journey began with good weather so Captain Phillip decided to let the convicts up on deck. However the weather would become very hot and humid as the Fleet sailed through the tropics. Tropical rainstorms meant that the convicts could not exercise on deck during this time, as they had no change of clothes and no method of drying wet clothing. As a result, they were kept below deck in the foul, cramped holds.

Some convicts on the "Scarborough" planned a mutiny but were caught, but most convicts were well behaved.

On 3 June 1787, the fleet arrived at Santa Cruz at Tenerife. Fresh water, vegetables and meat were brought on board. On 10 June they left to cross the Atlantic to Rio de Janeiro. The weather was very hot and there were lots of storms. Many people became sick and there were lots of rats, bedbugs, lice, cockroaches and fleas. People were only allowed to drink three pints of water each day (about one and a half litres).

The fleet reached Rio de Janeiro on 5 August. The ships were cleaned and fixed. More water, clothing and lots of food was taken on board. The fleet left on 4 September and reached Cape Town on 13 October. They bought plants, seeds and animals to take to Australia. The animals included: two bulls, seven cows, one stallion, three mares, 44 sheep, 32 pigs, four goats and poultry. They left on 12 November.

From Cape Town it took the Fleet two months to reach Australia. Phillip took a few ships ahead to start building at Botany Bay. They arrived on 18 January 1788. The other ships arrived only two days after he did.

Convicts were given two thirds of the amount normally provided for sailors. Each week, a sailor was given:

As well as this food, there was sometimes rice, dried fish, and soup. When the ships were in a harbour there was also fresh meat and vegetables. Women and children were given a slightly different list of food. Sick people were also given wine and spirits.

When the Fleet arrived in Sydney, Arthur Phillip worked out they only had enough food for 49 weeks. He should have been given enough for two years.

The Fleet also took a number of animals, plants and seeds. The animals included sheep, pigs, dogs, cats, goats, turkeys, geese, ducks, chickens, pigeons, horses, and cattle. Plants and seeds included coffee, cocoa, cotton, bananas, Oranges, lemons, tamarinds, guava, prickly pear, eugenia or pomme rose, jalap, ipecacuanha, figs, bamboo, sugar cane, esparto grass, vines, quinces, apples, pears, oranges strawberries, oaks, myrtles, rice, wheat, barley, and maize. Some of this was brought from England, and the rest from when the Fleet stopped at Rio de Janeiro and Capetown

The first ship, "Supply", reached Botany Bay on 18 January 1788. Aboriginal people from the Cadigal tribe saw the First Fleet ships arrive. Phillip soon decided that this site, picked by Sir Joseph Banks, was not suitable. It had poor soil, no safe place to leave the ships, and no drinking water. Phillip decided to go north to Port Jackson.

On 26 January the marines and convicts arrived at Sydney Cove. 1403 people left Portsmouth. On the voyage 7 babies were born. 69 people died or left the ships. 1332 people landed in Port Jackson which is now known as Sydney. It was a successful trip, as only 40 convicts had died. Phillip named the settlement Sydney after Lord Sydney, the British government's Home Secretary.

The Aboriginal people from the Eora nation lived in the Sydney area. They could not understand why the British wanted to own their land and make farms with fences. The British did not understand the Aboriginal people's way of living and there was a lot of fighting and many people died.

Once in Australia, convicts were ordered to build the infrastructure (buildings and prisons) for the new colony. Their punishment was work. Convicts were expected to work everyday except Sunday from sunrise until sunset without a break. Male prisoners were required to do very hard labour. Female convicts often worked as household servants, cooking, cleaning and sometimes taking care of children. Some of the convicts had special skills and did work such as keeping records, printing, making pottery and keeping the town clocks. Many convicts were sent to work for free settlers. Free settlers were people who came to Australia to make a new life. 

Strict rules were enforced by prison officers. If convicts broke the rules, they could be whipped with the ‘cat-o’-nine-tails’ or kept in solitary confinement for several days, with only bread and water to eat. 

There was a shortage of food during the first few years of the colony. Crops did not grow well so people relied on supplies from Great Britain. Eventually, food

Naval escorts:
Convict transports:
Food Transport:


Setesdal

Setesdal is a valley in the county of Aust-Agder, in the south part of Norway .

Since the 1200s, one can find papers, where the name "Setesdal" , has been written.

Homeopathy

Homeopathy is an alternative medicine. It was created in the 18th century by Samuel Hahnemann. The theory behind homeopathy is that an ill person can be healed with very small amounts of something that produces the symptoms of the illness in a healthy person. Scientists have tested and proven many times that homeopathy does not work at all to treat any disease and only makes people think they feel better. (This is called the placebo effect.)

Homeopaths make their medicines by taking the ingredients, adding water, and shaking the mixture. They then take a drop of the mixture, throw out the rest, and add more water. They do this usually 30 times but sometimes up to 200 times. They call it potentisation. Hahnemann said this would bring out the "spirit-like medicinal powers held within a drug". Science can show how many atoms or molecules—tiny things that cannot be divided up any more—of the original substance are left in the homeopathic drug. Most homeopathic drugs do not contain even a single molecule of the original substance. Homeopaths believe that the solution carries a "memory" of the original substance. Science says that goes against the laws of physics and chemistry.
Homeopathy became popular because it was created at a time when medicine did not work very well and could make people sick. Back then, taking homeopathy might have kept people from getting hurt by bad doctors. However, medicine has improved since then, and now helps a lot more than it hurts people. Some homeopaths have told their patients not to take medicines like antibiotics and vaccines that could cure (or keep them from getting) dangerous diseases. Hence the use of homeopathy, instead of obtaining real medical help, can cause unnecessary suffering, disease and/or death.

Vest-Telemark

Vest-Telemark is the name of an area, in the south of Norway .

Some of the towns are: Fyresdal, Tokke, Vinje, Nissedal, Kviteseid, and Seljord.

In no area, has one found more traces ( examples or evidence ) of the Old Norse language and grammar.

Shirley Temple

Shirley Temple, or Shirley Temple Black (April 23, 1928 – February 10, 2014) was an American actress, diplomat and television series hostess. Temple has the distinction of being the first Academy Juvenile Award recipient in 1934.

Temple began her movie career at age 3 in a series of Poverty Row shorts starring very young children clad in diapers. In 1934, she soared to superstardom in "Bright Eyes". Other movies followed that exploited her waiflike charm and abundant talent such as "Curly Top", "The Little Colonel", "Dimples", "Wee Willie Winkie", and "The Little Princess".

The public adored the child Temple, but her popularity declined as she grew into a young woman. She made several bombs in her teens, but three have become highly regarded classics: "Since You Went Away", "Fort Apache" with Henry Fonda and John Wayne, and "The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer" with Cary Grant and Myrna Loy. Temple married John Agar in 1945. In 1950 she married Charles Black and retired from the movie industry at age 22.

Marriage and motherhood occupied Temple in the following years, but she returned to show biz in the late 1950s with the television series, "Shirley Temple's Storybook" for NBC. The series was child/family-oriented with dramatizations of fairy tales like "Beauty and the Beast", children's stories like "Pippi Longstocking", and more mature fare like "The House of Seven Gables" and Victor Herbert's Broadway musical, "Babes in Toyland". Celebrity stars like Charlton Heston, Tor Johnson, Sterling Holloway, Elsa Lanchester, and Agnes Moorehead appeared in the series. The series was nominated for an Emmy Award in children's programming. It faced stiff competition from other networks, and left the air after two seasons.

Temple became active in the Republican Party in California. In 1967, she unsuccessfully ran for the United States House of Representatives. Temple was extensively involved with the Commonwealth Club of California, a public-affairs forum in San Francisco. She spoke at several of the meetings through the years and served as its president in 1984.

Temple was appointed Representative to the 24th United Nations General Assembly by President Richard M. Nixon (September – December 1969), and was appointed United States Ambassador to Ghana (December 6, 1974 – July 13, 1976) by President Gerald R. Ford. She was appointed first female Chief of Protocol of the United States (July 1, 1976 – January 21, 1977), and was in charge of arrangements for President Jimmy Carter's inauguration and inaugural ball. She served as the United States Ambassador to Czechoslovakia (August 23, 1989 – July 12, 1992), having been appointed by President George H. W. Bush.

Temple had breast cancer in the early 1970s and had a mastectomy. She died on February 10, 2014 from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at her Woodside, California home, at the age of 85.


Stev

Stev is a form of poetry. It can be found in lyric poetry from Scandinavia. Stev are made of stanzas, that have four lines

There are different types of stev:

A person who can perform a stev, is known as a kveder (a type of artist). Aslak Brekke is possibly the most well known of those who have been recorded. A kveder from Setesdal, when performing stev, usually sings more slowly, than a kveder from Telemark. One reason for this may be that the text of Setesdal stev are usually more meditative (or elegiac).

Wario (series)

The "Wario" series is a series of games that star Wario and a spin-off of the "Mario" series. It started out with "", and has grown to have its new spin-off series with ""



"WarioWare" adds many new characters who are employees of Wario's company, WarioWare.



The series' first appearance in the "Super Smash Bros." series was in "Super Smash Bros. Melee", but it was only as a collectible trophy. In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", Wario is a playable character, and can be in both his biker outfit from "WarioWare" or his plumber outfit from "Wario Land". There is also a level based on "WarioWare", collectible trophies and stickers from his series, and music from the "WarioWare" series.

Nintendo Research &amp; Development 1

Nintendo Research & Development 1, also known as Nintendo R&D1, is a division of Nintendo. They are responsible for the "Metroid" series and the "WarioWare" series, among others.

Plucking

Pluck or plucking may mean:


Bill Tapia

Uncle Bill “Tappy” Tapia (born January 1, 1908 – December 2, 2011) was an American musician, born in Honolulu, Hawaii. His parents were Portuguese. At age 10, Tapia already had been a professional musician, playing “Stars and Stripes Forever” for World War I soldiers in Hawaii. 

His long career started in Vaudeville and soon after he became a jazz guitarist and ukulele player. He has worked with big names such as Bing Crosby, Louis Armstrong, and Elvis Presley and also worked with Hawaiian musicians such as King Bennie Nawahi, Sol Ho‘opi’i and Andy Iona. People think that Tapia is the first musician to play jazz on the ukulele.


WarioWare: Twisted!

WarioWare: Twisted! is a 2004 Game Boy Advance video game. It was made by Nintendo and is art of the "WarioWare" series.

"Twisted!" comes with a gyro sensor. The cartridge is a lot larger than in most Game Boy Advance games. Players tap the A button and twist the game around in order to play. 

Like the other games, "Twisted!" has many microgames. These last for only a few seconds and involve a simple thing the player must do. The player starts with four lives. After about 12-15 microgames, he or she plays the boss level. If they win, they earn another life. If they lose, they lose a life. The game ends when they have run out of lives.

Wario has gotten seven of his friends to help make games for him. Each one has a different theme, or way to play.


Punch (strike)

A punch is when a person puts their hand in a fist and thrusts it forward. This can be used for combat, or in some sports like boxing. Punch is the name of the blows that are thrown with the closed fist, striking, usually to other person, with the purpose of defence or attack.

The technique of the normal punch is performed closing the fist and striking with it. The fist is formed in a horizontal line along with the arm, being the element of usage of all the force performed the arm. There is other kind of punch in which the fist is placed vertically (with the palm of the hand directing towards a side instead of towards down) and directing slightly towards down in relation to the arm, in form where the fingers that blow are only the index finger and the ring finger. It is this latter the punch used usually in Kung-fu and the advised to person who had not had a proper training (because in this form it is much more difficult injury the wrist in case of doing it badly).

The punch is used, with different names and different techniques, in many martial arts, and also in systems of personal defence and attack without weapons, like in Tai-Jitsu.

Music video game

A music video game, also commonly known as a music game, is a video game where the point of the game is usually to interact with the music. The genre has had many different types of music games, including games that use guitar controllers, drum controllers, and some that use a dance mat that the player has to dance on.

Guitar Hero is a well-known music video game.

Tempo

Tempo (Italian for 'time, movement') is the speed of a song or piece of music. It is measured in beats per minute, or BPM. For example, if a song has 4 beats per bar at 100 BPM, there will be 25 bars per minute. 

From slowest to fastest:

Terms for tempo change:



Minigame

A minigame is a small video game found in a bigger video game. There are games that only have mini-games, like "Mario Party".

United States Secretary of Defense

The United States Secretary of Defense (SECDEF) is the head of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD). The role was made in 1947. The Secretary of Defense is sixth in line to the United States presidential line of succession.




Yoshio Sakamoto

Yoshio Sakamoto is a video game developer for Nintendo who works in Nintendo R&D 1. He was the co-creator of the "Metroid" series along with Gunpei Yokoi, and is in charge of most of the games released after Yokoi's death. He also works on "Wario" games, including games in the "Wario Land" series and the "WarioWare" series. He founded "Team Shikamaru", which is dedicated to script writing. 

Arcade game

An arcade game is a machine that is played using coins. Arcade games are found in restaurants, pubs, video arcades, and other places. Tabletop pinball games and video games are two common kinds of arcade games. 

The earliest arcade games were introduced at the end of the 19th century. Their popularity declined in the Western world during the 2000s, in Asian regions ten years thereafter.

The Apple App store categorized some apps into a category called "Arcade". One game that is in this category is Tiny Wings.

Computer Entertainment Rating Organization

The (CERO) is a group that rates video games in Japan. It was established in 2002 by the Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association. It does not rate games for personal computers.

TVE

TVE (Televisión Española) is a Spanish public television network.


Two and a Half Men

Two and a Half Men is an American sitcom which was first shown on CBS on September 22, 2003 and ended on February 19, 2015. The series centers around a man named Charlie, whose lifestyle is interrupted when his brother Alan (who had just been divorced from his wife) moves in to his Malibu, California house, along with Alan's son Jake.

The show has temporarily stopped because it was announced that Charlie Sheen was entering rehab.

On March 7, 2011, the network fired Charlie Sheen from "Two and a Half Men". The network did not state if the show would go on or not.

The show is rated M in New Zealand for drug references and sexual references.


The show has received lots of nominations, including 23 Primetime Emmy Award nominations and 2 Golden Globe nominations. Conchata Ferrell and Holland Taylor were both nominated for Outstanding Supporting Actress - Comedy Series, in 2005 and 2007 (and Taylor again in 2008). Jon Cryer was nominated three times for Outstanding Supporting Actor - Comedy Series (in 2006, 2007 and 2008) and Charlie Sheen was nominated for the Outstanding Lead Actor - Comedy Series in 2006, 2007 and 2008, along with two Golden Globe nominations in 2005 and 2006 for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy. Picture Editor Joe Bella received two Emmys in the category Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Series, for the episodes "That Special Tug" (2006) and "Release the Dogs" (2007). Martin Sheen was nominated for the Outstanding Guest Actor - Comedy Series Emmy in 2006.

Real Oviedo C.F.

Real Oviedo is a Spanish football Club. It was founded in March 26 1926. Its home stadium is Carlos Tartiere in Oviedo. Real Oviedo has won the Spanish League Cup once.


Real Oviedo was relegated to "Tercera División" due to financial problems in 2003.

Real Oviedo have played in season 2008/09 at "Tercera División", the fourth category in Spanish football. It finished in first place in regular tournament, which allowed to play a play-off to promote to "Segunda División B". Real Oviedo have won a place in "Segunda División B" beating Mallorca B in play-off matches.

Frank Thomas (animator)

Franklin "Frank" Thomas (September 5, 1912 – September 8, 2004) was an American movie animator. He was one of Disney's Nine Old Men. He worked on many Disney movies until he retired in 1978. Later on, he wrote the animation book "" with good friend and fellow animator Ollie Johnston. Animator Chuck Jones once said that Thomas was the "Laurence Olivier of all animators."




Break a leg

"Break a leg" is an expression from Britain. (Here, an "expression" means a particular way of saying something.)

It can mean about the same as "good luck".

This expression was used in theaters by actors. Before an actor went on stage, other actors could wish that he or she had good luck in their work. Then, a co-worker could say "Break a leg!".

When the expression is used like this, it is a form of irony.

The Black Parade Is Dead!

The Black Parade is Dead! is a CD/DVD by My Chemical Romance it was recorded live in Mexico.

 CD
All songs written and composed by My Chemical Romance.

From the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City, Mexico on October 7, 2007
DVD
From the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City, Mexico on October 7, 2007[4]


From Maxwell's in Hoboken, New Jersey, on October 24, 2007[4] 

BBC Two

BBC Two is a television channel in the United Kingdom. It began broadcasting on 20 April 1964, and was the third television channel in the United Kingdom. BBC Two was also the first channel in the whole of Europe to change to colour in 1967.

This is a list of the controllers of BBC Two.
As of August 2008, the controller of BBC Two was Roly Keating. He took up the post in June 2004. Keating was formerly the controller of BBC Four. He became controller after Jane Root departed in May 2004 to become the executive vice president and general manager of the US-based Discovery Channel. Jane Root was appointed in 1999 and was the first woman to be appointed controller of a BBC television channel.

On 20 January 2016, Kim Shillinglaw announced that she was leaving the BBC and her job as Controller of BBC Two and BBC Four. As a result of a reorganisation, the position was closed, but it was reopened just over a year later. 


The King of Queens

The King of Queens was an American television series set in Queens, New York City. The series was shown for nine seasons, from 1998 to 2007. After the last episode was broadcast on May 14, 2007, "The King Of Queens" became the last American live action sitcom that began in the 1990s to end its run.


Barbie Horse Adventures: Wild Horse Rescue

Barbie Horse Adventures: Wild Horse Rescue is a video game being made by Vivendi Games. It is part of the Barbie franchise.

Barbie Horse Adventures: Riding Camp

Barbie Horse Adventures: Riding Camp is a video game made by Activision for the Nintendo DS and PC in 2008. It is part of the Barbie franchise. The game is the sequel to "".


Olm

The olm or proteus ("Proteus anguinus") is an amphibian, native to the underground waters of the Dinaric karst that flow through the Soča river basin near Trieste in Italy, through to southern Slovenia, southwestern Croatia, and Herzegovina. It is the only species in the genus "Proteus", the only European species of the family Proteidae, and the only European cave-dwelling chordate. It is also called the human fish or humanfish, because of its human-like skin (translated literally from Slovenian: "Človeška ribica" and Croatian: "Čovječja ribica"), Cave Salamander, or White Salamander.

Billie Piper

Billie Paul Piper (born Leian Paul Piper, 22 September 1982, in Swindon, Wiltshire) is an English singer and actress.

She began her career in the late 1990s as a pop singer. Later on, she moved to acting. Her most famous role is as Rose Tyler, a companion to the Doctor in the television series "Doctor Who". She played this role from 2005 to 2006, and also reprised it in 2008 and 2010.

Piper's first chance in the entertainment world came when she was a teenager, when she was selected to appear on the Saturday morning kids' television show "Scratchy and Co". Piper later got a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine "Smash Hits". In 1996 she sang on a backing song Nobody's Business. It was a dance track by h20. Soon after she was offered a record deal at the age of fifteen, and in 1998 became the youngest artist ever to start at number one in the UK Singles Chart with "Because We Want To", released under the artist name "Billie". Her follow-up single "Girlfriend" also started at number one and her first album, "Honey to the B" (released immediately afterwards) started at Number 14 in the UK album charts. She released two further singles off the album, "She Wants You" and "Honey to the B"; both songs started at Number 3. 

Piper then took a year to record her second album. She decided to release more records under her full name, Billie Piper. She returned to the Singles Chart in May 2000 with a new, sexier sound. She hit the Number 1 spot with "Day & Night", but her success was not to carry on. She waited until the following September to release "Something Deep Inside". That reached Number 4 in the UK Singles Chart. In October 2000, Piper released her second album, "Walk of Life", which reached Number 14 in the UK Album Chart. The song "Walk of Life", the last single off this album, was released in December 2000 and reached Number 25 in the UK Singles Chart.

In 1999, Piper was nominated for two BRIT Awards and was named Best Female Star at the "Smash Hits" Poll Winners' party, although at the latter ceremony she began crying after being nastily booed by jealous fans of Ritchie Neville, member of boyband Five, whom she was dating at the time.

On 15 January 2007, BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles started a campaign to get "Honey to the B" back into the Top 100 on download sales as a way of testing out new chart rules that favour download sales. The campaign was highly successful, with "Honey to the Bee"re-entering the official UK singles chart at No. 17, eight years after it was first released.

Piper prefers lip singing during performances. She backs this up with the reason that she is afraid she would not be able to sing live. However, in 1999 she decided to try actually singing during her tour in America. The audience loved it, but Piper said it made her too nervous to do it in Britain, where she had many more fans.

After an extended break, Piper decided to end her pop career in 2003 and return to her first ambition, acting. She took acting lessons while living in London. Piper gained very good reviews for these appearances and critics said that she was a far better actress than she was a singer.

In 2004, Piper appeared in the movies "The Calcium Kid", as the romantic interest of Orlando Bloom's character, and "Things to do Before You're Thirty". Shortly before starting work on "Doctor Who", she was one of the main characters in the horror movie "Spirit Trap" alongside Russian pop star Alsou, released in the summer of 2005 to bad reviews.

In May 2004, it was announced that Piper was to play the character Rose Tyler, companion to The Doctor, played by Christopher Eccleston, in the long-running BBC television series "Doctor Who", beginning in 2005.
Piper won the Most Popular Actress category at the 2005 and 2006 National Television Awards for her work on "Doctor Who". BBC News named Piper as one of its "Faces of the Year" for 2005, primarily due to her success in "Doctor Who". At "The South Bank Show" Awards on 27 January 2006 Piper was awarded "The Times" Breakthrough Award for her successful transition from singing to acting. In March 2006, the Television and Radio Industries Club named Piper as best new TV talent at their annual awards ceremony. In September 2006, Piper was named Best Actress at the TV Quick and TV Choice Awards.

After the completion of the very successful first series of the revamped "Doctor Who", the British media regularly released conflicting reports about how long Piper would be staying with the programme. In March 2006, she claimed that she would continue on "Doctor Who" into its third season in 2007. On 10 May 2006, however, she was reported to be considering quitting the series, although she did express an interest in playing a female version of the Doctor in the future (possibly related to a proposed "Doctor Who" spin-off series about Rose which was later dropped). On 15 June 2006, the BBC announced that she was to depart in the final episode of the second series, "Doomsday". Piper's decision to leave had been taken a year previously, but remained a secret until news of her departure became public.

On 27 November 2007, the BBC confirmed that she would return her role as Rose Tyler in the fourth series for three episodes. Later, it was confirmed by Russell T Davies in Doctor Who Magazine that this return had been planned since she left. It was also revealed in the Turn Left Doctor Who Confidential that Billie had made arrangements to return as Rose since she decided to leave.

The series began in April 2008, and after several cameo appearances, Piper made her official return as Rose in the series four final episodes Turn Left, The Stolen Earth and Journey's End. She has not said whether she will be reprising the role again, although on Doctor Who Confidential she said that she thinks "It's never really the end for the Doctor and Rose" but it probably was "for the foreseeable future".

In November 2005, Piper starred as Hero in a BBC adaptation of "Much Ado About Nothing", updated for the modern day like in "Canterbury Tales" series in which she featured, with Hero now being a weather presenter in a television station.

Piper has completed work on a BBC version of Philip Pullman's historical novel "The Ruby in the Smoke" broadcast in December 2006, Piper played main character Sally Lockhart, a Victorian orphan. The BBC plans to film all four of Pullman's Sally Lockhart novels, with Piper continuing in the role in "The Shadow in the North" which was shown in December 2007. In 2007 she appeared as the main character, Fanny Price, in an adaptation of Jane Austen's novel "Mansfield Park", screened on ITV1. This was her first acting role on television for a broadcaster other than the BBC.

Piper has provided voiceovers for various television commercials, including one for "Comfort Fabric Softener" airing in June 2007.

Piper stars in "Secret Diary of a Call Girl", an ITV2 version of Belle de Jour's "The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl", a memoir detailing the life of a high-class prostitute. The series, which aired from 27 September 2007, saw Piper in several semi-nude scenes, including a lesbian romp and one scene featuring her saddling a client and riding him like a horse. A second series, with Piper in the starring role, started filming in May 2008, during which two body doubles were hired in order to effectively hide Piper's pregnancy.

Piper made her first stage appearance in a touring production of Christopher Hampton's play "Treats", which opened in early 2007 in Windsor. "Treats" was to have ended its tour in the West End, at the Garrick Theatre, starting on 28 February 2007 with previews from on 20 February. The play-officially finished as of 26 May.



The Mighty Boosh

The Mighty Boosh is a British comedy television series that was shown on BBC Three. It was also a radio programme. Since the television series, there have been live tours of it.

The first series is about two zookeepers called Howard and Vince. The second series is also about them but is set in a flat. The third is set in a shop.

Fielding first met Barratt after seeing him perform his solo stand-up performance at the Hellfire Comedy Club in the Wycombe Swan theatre. The pair soon found that they shared comic interests, formed a double act, and "decided to be the new Goodies". After their first performance together at a bar in London in April 1998, Barratt and Fielding developed their zookeeper characters - Howard Moon and Vince Noir, respectively - in a series of sketches for Paramount Comedy’s "Unnatural Acts". It was here that they also met Rich Fulcher, who would become Bob Fossil. Fielding’s friend Dave Brown and Fielding's own brother Michael also became regular collaborators.

The Boosh soon produced three stage shows - "The Mighty Boosh" (1998), "Arctic Boosh" (1999) and "Autoboosh" (2000) - all of them were at the Edinburgh Fringe. With the success of "Autoboosh", a radio series was commissioned by the BBC. Produced by Danny Wallace, "The Boosh" was first broadcast in 2001 on BBC London Live, later moving to BBC Radio 4, from which the team were given a half-hour television show of the same name.

The first eight-part series, directed by Paul King, was then commissioned for BBC Three and broadcast in 2004, with a second of six episodes the following year. The second series moved away from the zoo setting, and instead Howard, Vince, Naboo the shaman and Bollo the talking ape living in a flat in Dalston. In 2006, the Boosh returned to theatre with "The Mighty Boosh Live", which featured a new story entitled "The Ruby of Kukundu".

After two years, the Boosh returned to the television in November 2007. Set in Naboo’s second-hand shop below the flat, the third series drew in approximately one million viewers with its first episode, and in light of its success, BBC Three broadcast an entire night of "The Mighty Boosh" on March 22, 2008, which included a new documentary and six of Barratt and Fielding's favourite episodes from all three series.

There will not be a fourth series till at least 2010 because they will be working upon a movie. This movie has been confirmed by the BBC.

Encyclical

An "Encyclical" originally was a letter sent by a bishop to all churches of a particular area. 

In the Roman Catholic Church, the term is only used for letters sent by popes. 

The Eastern Orthodox Church and the Anglican Communion still use the word in its original meaning.

Pontifical Academy of Sciences

The Pontifical Academy of Sciences dates back four centuries to its creation as the Accademia dei Lincei in 1603. Pope Pius IX changed the name to the Pontifical Academy of the New Lincei in 1847 to signify its new status as an official institution of the Pontifical State. Nearly a century later, it was reorganized as the Pontifical Academy of Science on October 28, 1936, by Pope Pius XI in a Motu proprio In multis solaciis (Latin "Among the many consolations").

Although it reports directly to the Pontiff, the academy has considerable freedom in conducting its mission: the study of Science and the possible consequences for the human condition. Christian belief is not a prerequisite for membership to the academy, because first and foremost, it is a legitimate Scientific body that follows the Scientific Method. As of 2003 more than two dozen Nobel Prize winners (including Professor Ahmed Zewail, Chemistry 1999) and several Field Medal winners were counted as members. Plenary sessions are interdisciplinary events held every other year to review new developments and discus progress made towards their mission. Common working groups include astronomy and cosmology, cognition and brain science, and genetics.


Khawaja Nazimuddin

Sir Khawaja Nazimuddin, KCIE (, Khaja Nazimuddin) (July 19, 1894 - October 22, 1964) was the second Governor-General of Pakistan, and later the second Prime Minister of Pakistan as well. He was born in Dacca, Bengal, British India (now Dhaka, Bangladesh) into the family of the Nawabs (rulers) of Dacca, who had come from Kashmir and settled there. He received his education from Dunstable Grammar School in England, then Aligarh Muslim University, and later Trinity Hall, Cambridge University until the mid-1930s. After returning to British India, he became involved in politics in his native Bengal. Nazimuddin was initially the Education Minister, but climbed the ranks to become the Chief Minister of the province prior to independence. Nazimuddin also became the head of the Muslim League in Eastern India.

Malik Ghulam Muhammad

Ghulam Muhammad (20 April 1895 - 12 September 1956, ) served as third Governor-General of Pakistan from 1951 until 1955, and was also the 1st Finance Minister shortly before his death in 1956.

Igbo people

The Igbo people (Igbo: Ṇ́dị́ Ìgbò) are an ethnic group in West Africa. They are one of the largest ethnic groups in West Africa. The Igbo speak the Igbo language (Igbo: "Ásụ̀sụ̀ Ị̀gbò"). The Igbo people are found in Southeastern Nigeria, in an area referred to as Igboland (Igbo: "Àlà Ị̀gbò"). There are some Igbos in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. 

There are major amounts of Igbo people found in other countries that are not in Africa. This is because some Igbos have moved to other countries and because they were forced to go to other countries by the Atlantic slave trade. 

They are in countries such as the United States, Jamaica, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Barbados, Bahamas, and the United Kingdom. The most important crop of the Igbo people is the yam. In Nigeria, the Igbo have a lot of cities, like Onitsha and Enugu.

Iskander Mirza

Major-General Iskander Mirza, CIE, OBE, or Iskander Mirza (, November 13, 1899 – November 12, 1969) was the last Governor-General of the Dominion of Pakistan (October 6, 1955 to March 23, 1956) and the first President of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (March 23, 1956 to October 27, 1958).

Ayub Khan

General Ayub Khan (14 May 1907 – 19 April 1974) was a general of the Pakistan Army and a self-proclaimed Field Marshal during the mid-1960s. A dictator who imposed martial law he also became the President of Pakistan from 1958 to 1969. He became Pakistan's first native Commander-in-Chief in 1951. He was the youngest full-rank general and self-appointed Field Marshal in Pakistan's military history.

Khan became president in 1958 as part of a non-violent coup. In the 1965 presidential election, people thought that Khan had cheated so he could win against Fatimah Jinnah.


Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry

Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry () (January 1, 1904 - June 2, 1982) was President of Pakistan from August 14, 1973 until he left on September 16, 1978.

Bad Liebenwerda

Bad Liebenwerda is a spa town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is on the river Schwarze Elster, 57 km northwest of Dresden, and 28 km east of Torgau.

The first written mention is from 1231 as "Lievenwerde". The meaning of the name is "Liev", or "Lieb" for life or loveley, and -"werde" from "werda" means island, high place in a wather. In the document of 1231 is also mentioned an Otto of Ileburg, Vogt of Lievenwerde, and a Plebanus Walterus, a priest. Liebenwerda had a Water castle with a Keep called Lubwarttower. the first mention as Liebenwerda as a city is from 1304. Liebenwerda was part of the Electorate of Saxony and Kingdom of Saxony till 1815. In reason of the Congress of Vienna the area became part of the Kingdom of Prussia as district Liebenwerda. Since 1905 has Liebenwerda a spa clinical, since 1925 has Liebenwerda the word "Bad" as a part of the name. 

Bad Liebenwerda is home of the Gothic church of St. Nikolai. The tower of the church was rebuilt at the end of the 19th century after lightning struck the tower and caused a fire.
The Lubwarttower (Lubwartturm) is the oldest building in town. The tower was built around 1207 as part of the water castle. Next to this tower is the museum with an exposition about Carl Heinrich Graun and his brothers. Also is there an exposition about Marionettes, other puppets and the puppet-players of south-east of Germany. 
Bad Liebenwerda has a beautiful little park.

Ghulam Ishaq Khan

Ghulam Ishaq Khan (abbreviated as GIK) (Urdu/Pashto: غلام اسحاق خان) (January 20, 1915 – October 27, 2006) was President of Pakistan from August 17, 1988 until July 18, 1993.

A university called GIKI is also on the name of Ghulam Ishaq Khan

K-9 and Company

K-9 and Company was a 1981 television spin-off of the original series of "Doctor Who". It featured Sarah Jane Smith, played by Elisabeth Sladen, and K-9, a robotic dog. Both characters had been companions of the Fourth Doctor, but they had not appeared together before. A single episode, "A Girl's Best Friend", was produced, but the series was not taken up.

Eve Myles

Eve Myles (born 1978 in Ystradgynlais, Powys), is a Welsh actress. She is most known for playing lead characters in "Belonging" and "Doctor Who" spin-off series "Torchwood".

Gareth David-Lloyd

Gareth David-Lloyd (born 28 March 1981) is a Welsh actor. He is best known for his role as Ianto Jones in the British science fiction television programme "Torchwood".

He was born Gareth David Lloyd in Bettws, Newport. His first acting role was as a robot in a school play. When he was a teenager, he joined the Gwent Young People's Theatre in Abergavenny and The Dolman Youth Theatre in Newport. 

While he was there, he appeared in several plays, including "Henry V", in which he played the most important character. He studied at Coleg Gwent and then trained at the National Youth Theatre, before moving to Reading.

Motto

A motto is a word, phrase or sentence used to describe the meaning or point of a group or organisation. In the Western world, mottoes are often in Latin.

Crane

Crane may mean:






Scarlet macaw

The scarlet macaw ("Ara macao") is a type of parrot. It is native to humid evergreen forests of tropical South America. 

Its range is from south-eastern Mexico to Amazonian Peru, Bolivia, Venezuela and Brazil in lowlands up to (at least formerly) up to . It has suffered from local extinction through habitat destruction and capture for the parrot trade, but locally it remains fairly common. It is the national bird of Honduras.



Vulgar Latin

Vulgar Latin, or Common Latin, is one of the two types of Latin, an old language that was spoken by the Romans. Vulgar Latin is not spoken anymore, but its many dialects eventually became what are now Romance languages (such as Italian, Spanish, French, Portuguese and Romanian). Vulgar Latin was spoken by the regular people ("vulgus" in Latin means "common"): farmers, workers and others without a great deal of education.

Classical Latin is the type of Latin that was first spoken by the Romans. As time went by, fewer and fewer people spoke Classical Latin, and in the end, the language changed to become Vulgar Latin. After a while, only scholars spoke Classical Latin, but books were still written in it.

Latin is no longer spoken as a native language, but many educational institutions teach it as a second language, and many Roman Catholic Church officials are fluent in it.

Vulgar Latin is similar to Classical Latin but has some differences in pronunciation and vocabulary. Latin has five basic cases for nouns,


Snoring

Snoring during sleep is caused by vibration. The parts which vibrate are at the back of the nose and throat. They may partly block the passage of air, so causing the characteristic rumbling sound.

Snoring can be a problem, and tends to get worse with age. Best to sleep on one's side, which reduces snoring.


Life on Mars (TV series)

Life on Mars is an award winning British science fiction and police drama television series. It was first broadcast on BBC One between January 2006 and April 2007.

The programme tells the story of DCI Sam Tyler of the Manchester Police (played by John Simm), after being hit by a car in 2006, he is in the year 1973. There, he works for Manchester Police CID as a DI under DCI Gene Hunt (played by Philip Glenister). Over the course of the series, Tyler faces various problems, most frequently regarding the differences between his modern approach to policing and the more old-fashioned way of his colleagues. It is unclear whether he is insane, in a coma, or if he really has travelled back in time.

Ashes to Ashes (TV series)

Ashes to Ashes is a British television crime drama series set in London. It is a sequel to the 2006-2007 series "Life on Mars". It is a Kudos Film & Television production for the BBC, and was broadcast on BBC One. It was first shown on 7 February 2008.

Philip Glenister, who plays Gene Hunt, has said in an interview that "he does not think any show featuring his character should be made afterwards."

The second series was broadcast from 20 April - 8 June 2009. The third, final series was shown from 2 April to 21 May 2010.

John Simm

John Ronald Simm (born 10 July 1970 in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire) is an English actor and musician. He grew up mainly in Lancashire. His roles include two BAFTA award-winning BBC Wales dramas: as Sam Tyler in the drama "Life on Mars" and as the Master in the long-running science fiction series "Doctor Who". He has appeared in many popular television dramas such as "The Lakes", "State of Play" and two BAFTA award-winning serials; "Clocking Off" and "Sex Traffic". His movie roles include "Human Traffic" and "24 Hour Party People". He was nominated for the Olivier and Theatergoer's Choice Award for the best Actor 2008. 

Besides acting, Simm was a founding member, songwriter and guitarist with the rock band Magic Alex.

Simm married actress Kate Magowan in April 2004 in the Forest of Dean. They have a son and a daughter. Simm is a strong supporter of Manchester United.

Butters Stotch

Leopold "Butters" Stotch (voiced by Matt Stone) is a popular fictional character in the animated television series "South Park". His nickname is a play on the word "butterscotch". The creators have said in more than one DVD commentaries that Butters is one of their "top 3 favorite characters". Butters is based on Eric Stough, the animation director of the show.

Stan Marsh

Stan Marsh is a fictional character in the animated television series "South Park". He is voiced by the series co-creator Trey Parker. He is also one of the 4 main characters in the series with Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormick. Stan is usually known as the serious and sensitive person of the group. Stan is able to think clearly and is good-natured. Stan usually tries to come up with logical solutions to their outrageous situations.
Stan's character is goody based on the personality of co-creator Trey Parker. He is best friend of Kyle Broflovski and their friendship is important in several episodes.

Stan lives in the fictional town of South Park, Colorado. He and his friends are fourth graders and go to the same elementary school. He lives with his friend Kyle Broflovski. Stan is modeled after his voice actor Trey Parker, and has the same birthday with him on October 19.


Old Norse language

Old Norse is a Germanic language that was spoken in Scandinavia, during the Viking Age, until about 1300. It was also spoken in Iceland, the Faeroe Islands, Orkney Islands and other places that Scandinavians started settlements (similar to colonies).

Modern Icelandic is the modern language that is the closest to Old Norse when written. Another language that is close to Old Norse, is Elfdalian. Other languages that come from Old Norse are Swedish, Danish, Faroese, and Norwegian.

Because We Want To

"Because We Want To" is a pop song performed by British singer Billie. The song was written by Wendy Page, Jim Marr, D. Rambo and J. Richmond, and produced by Page and Marr for Billie's first album "Honey to the B" (1998). It was Billie's first single on 29 June 1998 and reached the top ten in Ireland and Sweden. In the UK, the song reached number one and Billie became the youngest artist to release a number one single in the country in over forty years. It was the official song of the 1999 Women's World Cup.

Honey to the B

Honey to the B is the first album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 1998 (see 1998 in music). Billie (she was known at the time only by her first name) was the first British female singer to have a first single start at #1 on the UK pop charts.


Scratchy and Co

Scratchy and Co was a CITV television series. It was shown over the different times in the mid to late 1990s:

It replaced "What's Up Doc?" as the Saturday morning ITV show.

It starred Mark Speight as "Scratchy" and Elliot Henderson-Boyle as "Reg". The main gimmick of the series was Speight and Henderson-Boyle wearing "solid rubber wigs" and very unusual jackets. A stylistic of this was similar to "Max Headroom".

Day &amp; Night (song)

"Day & Night" is a single by Billie Piper, released in 2000. The song was Piper's 3rd UK #1 single.

UK Single CD1
Cat. #: SINCD11

Walk of Life (album)

Walk of Life is the second album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 2000. Piper's second album did not match the successful start in terms of album sales despite producing three Top 30 singles - "Day and Night" went to #1 and "Something Deep Inside" managed to get to #4 and "Walk of Life" finishing at #25 on the UK charts.

Despite good reviews, the album was not released in the US. Piper then decided have a break from the music industry and concentrate on acting.


BBC Parliament

BBC Parliament is a British television channel from the BBC. It broadcasts live and recorded coverage of the British House of Commons and House of Lords, the Northern Ireland Assembly, the Scottish Parliament and the Welsh Assembly, and occasionally from the General Synod of the Church of England. The channel does not broadcast reports from the European Parliament. It is available on Sky Channel 504, terrestrial (Freeview) Channel 230 and Virgin Media Channel 609.

Before being taken over by the BBC, the channel was known as The Parliamentary Channel (from 1992 to 1998).

County Westmeath

Westmeath is a county in the middle of Ireland. Westmeath and Meath once formed a fifth province in Ireland known as Mide. Westmeath is known as the lakeland county. Its main town is Mullingar.

Roy Scheider

Roy Richard Scheider (November 10, 1932 – February 10, 2008) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as police chief Martin Brody in the 1975 movie "Jaws", his Academy Award nominated role (but he did not win the award) as Joe Gideon in the movie "All That Jazz", and as Captain Nathan Bridger in Steven Spielberg's Emmy Award winning television series "seaQuest DSV." He played "Heywood Floyd " in the 1984 film "2010".

Scheider's mother was an Irish-American Roman Catholic; his father was a German-American Protestant. Scheider had a daughter from his first marriage, and a son and daughter from his second marriage. He had a form of cancer called multiple myeloma, and died of an staphylococcal infection, aged 75.


Platform game

A platform game, or platformer, is a genre of video game. Platformer gameplay is about jumping between platforms or over obstacles. The player controls these jumps and must use skill to avoid their character falling off of platforms or missing jumps. This kind of gameplay, even in other genres, is called "platforming". Games where jumping is not controlled by the player, such as "", are not thought of as platform games.

Platform games began as 2D in the early 1980s, and 3D platformers became popular in the mid-1990s. The name describes games where jumping on platforms is a large part of the gameplay. However, platforming is not a pure genre, and often there are other types of genres mixed into it. For example, in a game like "Metroid", the player controls a character not only to navigate obstacles, but to fight enemies.

As long as the actually jumping remains a main part of the gameplay, the game can still correctly be called a platformer. Because of this, there are many different types of platformers.

Relaxation

Relaxation is a process or behavior where someone relaxes. The goal is to become calmer and less anxious, stressed or angered. Relaxation can also lower muscle tension, blood pressure and slow heart and breath rates, among other health benefits.

Piranha

The piranha (also known as the caribe or piraña) is a ferocious, schooling, fresh-water fish. 

It is native to warm lowland streams and lakes in South America, east of the Andes Mountains. Piranhas have been introduced to other places, including Northern Brazil, Hawaii, and parts of Central and North America. There are many species of piranha they belong to the genera "Pygocentrus" and "Serrasalmus". They reproduce by laying eggs.

Piranhas are opportunistic carnivores (flesh-eaters). They eat aquatic and land animals that are in the water. Some of the prey includes fish, mollusks, crustaceans, insects, birds, lizards, amphibians, rodents, and carrion (dead meat that they find). These fish are diurnal (most active during the day).

Many animals prey upon piranhas (especially young piranhas), including other piranhas, caimans, water snakes, turtles, birds, otters, and people.

Maximilian Kolbe

Maximilian Maria Kolbe (originally christened Raymund) (1894-1941) is a Catholic saint. He was a Polish Franciscan who worked in Poland and Nagasaki, Japan. He died in Auschwitz because he wanted to save another prisoner. Maximilian saved the life of that prisoner. Maximilian is remembered on August 14, the date of his death. The first-class relics of St Maximilian Kolbe are preserved and distributed by the friary of Niepokalanów, establish by St Maximilian in Poland.

Kolbe was smuggled to a prison hospital to try to stop beatings and lashings as part of being a priest. One day three prisoners disappeared from the camp and then the deputy camp commander decided to choose ten men at random to be starved to death to prevent any more escapes. 

One of the men, Franciszek Gajowniczek, cried out, "My wife! My children!" When Kolbe heard this he volunteered to take his place. 

After two weeks of starvation and dehydration Kolbe was the only one of ten men that was still alive. He was always standing or kneeling in the middle of the cell looking very calm whenever the guards arrived. The guards then decided to give a lethal injection as he was still alive. Kolbe then raised his arm and waited for this deadly injection.


Hans Kleppen

Hans Kleppen (March 16, 1907 – April 12, 2009) was a Norwegian who was a ski jumper in the 1920s. He won a bronze medal at the 1929 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane.

Kleppen, from Bø i Telemark, became 100 years old in March 2007 and, having been part of the 1928 Winter Olympics, was Norway's oldest living Olympian.


In the End

"In The End" is a song by Linkin Park. It appeared on their first album, "Hybrid Theory". It was the fourth single from the album.

In Utero

In Utero is the third and last studio album by the American rock band Nirvana. DGC Records released it on September 21, 1993. Nirvana wanted the album to be different from their last album "Nevermind" and have a less clean sound. The album was recorded at Pachyderm Studio in Cannon Falls, Minnesota. The band recorded it in two weeks with producer Steve Albini. Producer Scott Litt also made small changes to the sound that Albini had produced.

When the album was released, it went into the "Billboard" 200 at number one and was well liked by critics. Since its release, the album has sold over 15 million copies.

Scentless Apprentice

"Scentless Apprentice" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana. It was on their third album, "In Utero", and a live version was on their live album, "From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah". Most of their songs were only written by the singer Kurt Cobain, but this song was written by all three members of the band.

The song was written in 1992. The band originally did not like the song, because it was too much of a generic grunge song, however they soon began to like it. They even thought of releasing it as the second single from "In Utero" (after "Heart-Shaped Box") but this never happened.

The song is about a book that Kurt Cobain read, "". The book and the song are about a boy who is born without body odor but has a strong sense of smell. Soon he becomes a murderer who kills female victims.

In the television show "Lost", "Scentless Apprentice" is playing on one of the characters' car radios.

Japan Media Arts Festival

The Japan Media Arts Festival is a festival held in Japan. They give awards for art, entertainment, animation, and manga.

Kenny McCormick

Kenneth James "Kenny" McCormick is a fictional character in the animated television series "South Park". 

Kenny always wears an orange parka, which partially obscures his face. Kenny's voice is hard to understand because of his parka. This is done mainly because the things he says are usually vulgar, when compared to other characters. Even though his dialogue is not understood by the viewer, Stan, Kyle, and Cartman can understand him clearly.

Kenny comes from a very poor family. He is the most cosmopolitan of the four boys. Kenny is close friends with Eric Cartman, Stan Marsh, and Kyle Broflovski. The others often ask him to explain sexual terms they do not understand. 

It was an on-going part during the earlier episodes of the series that Kenny dies in most of the episodes. His death is not permanent. He usually returned for the next episode but characters rarely talk about him having ever died. Kenny's face is always somewhat hidden by his parka or other things that can cover his face.

In one episode in season five, Kenny dies from an illness and is not seen again for another season. During this time, the three boys look for a new fourth member. This included: Timmy Burch (briefly), and Tweek Tweak and Butters Stotch (who both shared the main role of fourth member).

Pedagogy

Pedagogy is the art or science of being a teacher and of learning.
The word pedagogy comes from the Greek word "paidagōgeō", which means "to lead the child." In Ancient Greece, rich men had a slave to instruct their sons as a tutor, or to take them to the academy. Girls were almost entirely home schooled, but many boys went to school even if they had a tutor.

An academic degree is sometimes given for pedagogy. In the United States of America and Great Britain, you can earn a degree in education at the Bachelor's (undergraduate; BA or BS) or Master's (graduate; MA or MS) level. You can also earn an advanced degree called either a Doctor of Education (Ed.D.), or a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.); you can also get a degree for specific things, like a Doctor of Music degree in piano pedagogy.

Some people do not like the idea of pedagogy. They say that learning is something that a person does for themselves, not something that a person imposes on another person.

Penal colony

A penal colony is a settlement used to hold prisoners and use them for working in part of the state's (usually colonial) territories. This is much bigger than a prison farm. A famous penal colony was Devil's Island in French Guiana. The British Empire used its colonies in North America as penal colonies for more than 150 years. The first British settlements in Australia were started as penal colonies.

Life in penal colony was often very hard, sometimes including severe physical punishment. Some prisoners were sentenced for the rest of their natural lives. Many died from hunger, disease, neglect, working too hard, or trying to escape.

In the penal colony system, prisoners were sent far away to stop escapes and to make it hard to get home after their prison term finished. Penal colonies were often in unsettled lands, especially places where no else wanted to work or live. The prisoners' unpaid work would help the government develop new areas without spending a lot of money.

The British used parts of North America as a penal colony. Convicts would be transported by private companies and sold by auction to plantation owners. About 50,000 British convicts were sent to colonial America. This was about one quarter of British settlers during the 1700s.

After the American Revolution, Britain had to find somewhere else to send its prisoners. They established Sydney, Norfolk Island, Van Diemen's Land and Western Australia as big penal colonies. 

In colonial India, the British had made various penal colonies. Two of the most infamous ones are on the Andaman islands and Hijli Detention Camp. In the early days of settlement, Singapore was sent Indian convicts. Their job was to clear the jungles for settlement and early public works.


Convict

A convict is "a person found guilty of a crime and sentenced by a court" or "a person serving a sentence in prison". The word is sometimes abbreviated as "con". After a conviction, convicts often become prisoners in a prison. People convicted and sentenced but not sent to prison are not usually called "convicts". An ex-convict (or short: ex-con) is a person who has been let out of prison.
In past centuries many convicts were send to penal colonies. Many British convicts were sent to the Thirteen Colonies as cheap workers, but that stopped after the War of Independence. After this, convicts were transported to Australia in 1788, the very start of European settlement. They were used as cheap workers. Transportation was stopped in 1868. British convicts were also sent to Canada and India. 

France also sent convicts to French Guiana and New Caledonia, and Russia sent them to Siberia.

During wartime many convicts and prisoners were used in penal battalions (penal battalions were generally made up of convicts who were traitors) Also convicts were also known to be recruited directly into military units, eg. With the cases of the "Wagner PMC".


Corpora cavernosa

Corpora cavernosa are regions of biological tissue that are erectile (become hardened when they fill with blood). They are found in both men and women.

The corpus cavernosum penis is found in the penis. It is found in pairs which contain most of the blood in the male penis during erection. The two corpus cavernosa, along with the corpus spongiosum are the areas of tissue along the length of the penis.

The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is similar to the male corpus cavernosum. The body of the clitoris contains biological tissue that helps to create an erection. As in men, this tissue comes in a pair of corpora cavernosa. However, the female has no corpus spongiosum. Instead, there are two vestibular bulbs beneath the skin at the entrance to the vagina.

Hamming code

A hamming code is an error-correcting block code. The code is named after Richard Hamming who developed it in the 1950s. At the time, Hamming worked with machines that had relays and used punched cards to read the data. Because they were heavily used, the punched cards often had errors, which needed to be corrected by employees.

Hamming codes are used for digital signal processing and telecommunications. Hamming codes are generated according to certain rules. Hamming codes use multiple parity bits. A parity bit tells whether a group of bits is even or odd. In a hamming code, each bit of data is covered by several parity bits. This allows to detect errors, and in certain cases, to correct them as well. A hamming code uses redundancy. If there are three parity bits per code word, the code word must have a length of 7 (formula_1, for k as the number of parity bits). This leaves 4 bits of user data per code word, in the example. Usually, this is written as (N,n), where the first number is the total length of a code word, and the second is the number of bits for user data. The example above is (7,4). 

The shortest possible Hamming code is (3,1), 2 parity bits are used for one data bit. This code has two valid values "000" and "111" - The codes "001", "010" and "100" are transmission errors, and will be assigned to the valid code word "000". The other possibilities "011", "101" and "110" will be changed to "111".

Benelux

,

The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe. It includes three neighboring monarchies, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg. They are in the north western European region between France and Germany. The name is formed from the beginning of each country's name. The Benelux region has a total population of about 27,562,220 and an area of about 74,640 km² (28,819 sq mi).

On 25 july 1921, the Belgium-Luxembourg Economic Union was established, a treaty which is still upheld. Following World War II, the harsh economic climate in Europe led to a further desire for economic cooporation between Belgium, Luxembourg and Netherlands. The Benelux Customs Convention was signed in London on 5 September 1944, by the three governments-in-exile in London. The treaty officially entered into force in 1948. On 1 November 1960, the customs union was superseded by the "Benelux Economic Union" treaty"," signed in The Hague on 3 February 1958. The treaty contributed to the founding of the European Union (EU), serving as a proving ground for succesful economic cooperation within Europe.

A Benelux Parliament (originally referred to as "Interparliamentary Consultative Council") was created in 1955. This parliamentary assembly is composed of 21 members of the Dutch parliament, 21 members of the Belgian national and regional parliaments, and 7 members of the Luxembourgish parliament. The treaty establishing the Benelux Economic Union ("Benelux Economische Unie/Union Économique Benelux") was signed 3 February 1958 and came into force in 1960 to promote the free movement of workers, capital, services, and goods in the region. Its secretariat-general is located in Brussels. 

In 1965, the treaty establishing a Benelux Court of Justice was signed. It entered into force in 1975. The Court, composed of judges from the highest courts of the three States, has to guarantee the uniform interpretation of common legal rules. This international judicial institution is in Brussels.

The Benelux is particularly active in the field of intellectual property. The three countries established a Benelux Trademarks Office and a Benelux Designs Office, both in The Hague. In 2005, they concluded a treaty establishing a Benelux Organisation for Intellectual Property which replaced both offices upon its entry into force on 1 September 2006.

Dutch and French are the official languages of the Benelux and its institutions. Out of the total of 27.2 million people living in the member states 22.5 million (83 percent) speak Dutch and 3.9 million (14%) speak French, of whom 3.4 million are Walloons and 0.5 million are Luxembourgians (that speak German and Luxembourgish), whereas 3% is bilingual Dutch-French.

In 2000, Belgium and the Netherlands jointly hosted the UEFA European Championship. In June 2007, representatives of the three countries announced they would be, as a "single country", bidding for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

The treaty establishing the Benelux Economic Union expired in 2010. It has been replaced by a new legal framework, also dealing with matters of sustainable development, judiciary and internal affairs.


Corpus cavernosum clitoridis

The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is one of two sponge-like tissue found in the body of the clitoris. It is similar to the corpus cavernosum penis in the male.

The female has no corpus spongiosum, but instead two vestibular bulbs beneath the skin at the entrance to the vagina, which expand at the same time as the glans clitoris.

Each corpus is connected to the blood vessels of the pubic bone and hip bone by the clitoris.

Sometimes, release of nitric oxide relaxes muscles around the vagina, called sexual arousal. More blood flows in through the corpus cavernosum and the clitoris is filled with blood. This leads to better sensitivity.

ZFS

The ZFS is a computer file system.
FS stands for "file system".
The letter Z was chosen, because it is the "last" letter in the English alphabet.
This is supposed to mean ZFS was the last, “ultimate” file system ever made.

Originally ZFS has been developed by Sun Microsystems for Solaris.
Later, ZFS has been ported to other versions of Unix, including Linux and FreeBSD.

Traditional file systems focus on managing data and ensuring integrity.
Additional features like RAID had to be added externally, outside of the file system’s realm.
This potentially led to difficulties and increased complexity of systems.

The ZFS takes a different approach.
It integrates many useful features into its ecosystem.
This ensures all subsystems work together without problems and increases performance.

Some features include

Furthermore, during development of ZFS there was a continuing trend to disks having larger capacities.
In designing of ZFS it was taken account of that fact.
The ZFS can handle (in comparison to traditional file systems) very large files, a large number of files, large number of disks, disks having large capacities, and so on.

FreeBSD and Solaris use ZFS as the standard main file system.
Ubuntu’s kernel includes ZFS, but it is not the default choice.

Ariel Winter

Ariel Winter is an American child actress. Winter started her acting career in 2005. She has acted in the television show "Modern Family" since 2009.


Killswitch Engage

Killswitch Engage is an American metalcore band from Massachusetts. The band is signed to Roadrunner Records and has released six albums and one live DVD. Currently, the band is in the studio with producer Brendan O'Brein working on their 5th studio album, Killswitch Engage. Their current line-up consists of Howard Jones, Adam Dutkiewicz, Mike D'antonio, Joel Stroetzel, and Justin Foley. On stage, they are known for their humorous antics while performing.

In December 2013 Killswitch Engage were nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 2014 Grammy Awards for their song "In Due Time".



Timeline


Harvest Moon 64

Harvest Moon 64, known in Japan as is a farm simulation video game made by Victor Interactive Software and published in North America by Natsume Co., Ltd. It is about a farmer who has to build a great farm before three years are up. The player can also try to get married and have a baby.

Roadrunner Records

Roadrunner Records is an American record label. The company mainly deals with heavy metal bands. They are a subsidiary of Warner Music Group.




Harvest Moon (video game)

Harvest Moon, known in Japan as , is a farm simulation video game made by Pack-In-Video and published by Natsume in North America and Nintendo in PAL regions. It's about a farmer who has to make a great farm before the game reaches the end. He can also get married and have a baby.

Wii Music

Wii Music is a music video game that was made by Nintendo for the Wii game console. It was supervised by Kōji Kondō along with others.

Face (movie)

Face is a 1997 British crime drama thriller movie. It was directed by Antonia Bird and written by Ronan Bennett. The movie stars Robert Carlyle and Ray Winstone and features the rock singer Damon Albarn (Blur, Gorillaz) in his first acting job.

Incesticide

Incesticide is a compilation album by the American grunge band, Nirvana. This album features many of their B-Sides and demos of their songs. On the back of the CD, Kurt Cobain spells his name wrong. He spells it "Kurdt Cobain."

Rape Me

"Rape Me" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana. It was the second single from their last album, "In Utero". But there was much controversy about the song, so the single was a double-A-side single. The other song was "All Apologies."

There was much controversy about the title of the song. Although many people were shocked about it, Kurt Cobain, the writer of the song, said that the song is about a man who rapes a woman. He is sent to prison for it, and he is raped there. There was a music video that was planned to be made. It was going to be set in a women's prison. However, Nirvana needed a break from the controversy and did not make it.

Palm, Inc.

Palm, Inc. is an American computer company. It makes small handheld computers. Most of their computers have a handwriting recognition function called "Graffiti". This is a part of the screen that can understand what is written on it. Palm computers can store contacts, addresses, notes, and many other things. Another feature, called "Hotsync", allows the user to have their personnal computer and Palm connect to each other and be updated. 
On April 28, 2010, Hewlett-Packard announced that it had agreed to buy Palm for $1.4 billion.

Palm, Inc. has had its name changed several times. When they started out, they were called Palm Computing Inc. Later, in 2000, they changed their name to Palm, Inc. In 2004, Palm changed their name to PalmOne, but later in 2005 they switched back to Palm, Inc.


Mickey Rooney

Mickey Rooney (born Joseph Yule; September 23, 1920 – April 6, 2014) was an American actor and producer.

In his career, he won many awards, such as an Oscar, a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award. Best known for his work as the Andy Hardy character, Rooney had one of the longest movie careers of any actor.
Rooney married eight times and had nine children. He separated from his eighth wife in 2012.

Rooney died after a long illness on April 6, 2014 at his home in Los Angeles, California. He was 93 years old.


Donkey Kong (handheld game)

The gameplay in the first 4 levels is the same as the first "Donkey Kong" game, but then it becomes more like the "Mario vs. Donkey Kong" game in the next levels.

Meteora

The Metéora (, "suspended rocks", "suspended in the air" or "in the heavens above") is the name for a number of monasteries in Greece. Several Eastern Orthodox monasteries are part of the complex, located in Kalambaka, Greece. The site is almost as important as Mount Athos. The monasteries are built on natural sandstone rock pillars, at the northwestern edge of the Plain of Thessaly near the Peneios river and Pindus Mountains, in central Greece. The Metéora is home to six monasteries and is included on the UNESCO World Heritage List. Metéora's criteria for the UNESCO World Heritage Site are I, II, IV, V and VII.


Syllogism

A syllogism is a deduction. It is a kind of logical argument in which one proposition (the "conclusion") is inferred from two or more others (the premises). The idea is an invention of Aristotle.

In the "Prior Analytics", Aristotle defines the syllogism as "a discourse in which, certain things having been supposed, something different from the things supposed results of necessity because these things are so". (24b18–20)

Each proposition must have some form of the verb 'to be' in it. A categorical syllogism is like a little machine built of three parts: the major premise, the minor premise and the conclusion. Each of these parts is a proposition and, from the first two, the "truth value" of the third part is decided.

Each of the three distinct terms represents a category. In the above example, "men," "mortal," and "Greeks." "Mortal" is the major term; "Greeks", the minor term. The premises also have one term in common with each other, which is known as the "middle term"; in this example, "man." Both of the premises are universal, as is the conclusion.

Here, the major term is "die", the minor term is "men," and the middle term is "mortals". The major premise is universal; the minor premise and the conclusion are particular. Aristotle studied different syllogisms and identified valid syllogisms as syllogisms with conclusion true if both premises are true. The examples above are valid syllogisms.

A sorites is a form of argument in which a series of incomplete syllogisms is so arranged that the predicate of each premise forms the subject of the next until the subject of the first is joined with the predicate of the last in the conclusion. For example, if one argues that a given number of grains of sand does not make a heap and that an additional grain does not either, then to conclude that no additional amount of sand will make a heap is to construct a sorites argument.

The syllogism was replaced by first order logic after the work of Gottlob Frege, published in 1879. This logic is suitable for mathematics, computers, linguistics and other subjects, because it uses numbers (quantified variables) instead of sentences.

Disgaea: Hour of Darkness

Disgaea: Hour of Darkness, known in Japan as , is a tactical role-playing video game made by Nippon Ichi for the PlayStation 2 game console. It was published in North America by Atlus, and in PAL regions by Koei. It was later re-released for the PlayStation Portable with extra content, and again on the Nintendo DS. It's about a demon named Laharl, another demon named Etna, and an angel named Flonne. It has two sequels called "" and "", though the characters in this game are not the main characters in those games. It's linked to a game that was out earlier called "", and later games that were made called "Phantom Brave" and "" that have "Disgaea" cameos. It has an anime called "Makai Senki Disgaea".

The game is based in a place called the Netherworld, where demons live. The game also goes outside of the Netherworld to Celestia, a place where angels live, and Earth.


"Disgaea" starts in a castle where the player controls Laharl. He or she can buy weapons, armor, accessories, and items, cure their team at a hospital, go to a place called Item World, go to a place called the Dark Assembly, or go to another place through a portal.
The main gameplay is a turn-based strategy role-playing game. The characters start from a blue portal on the level, and the player can take up to ten people out for a battle. The level is on a grid, and each character can move a certain number of spaces. The player can do many things after they are out of the portal, like attacking, defending, or throwing someone.
There are many kinds of items like weapons, armors, accessories, and help items.
There are two main kinds of character types - human-shaped characters, like Humans, Angels, and Demons who look like humans, and Monster characters, which are demons who do not look like humans.
The Item World is a world where the player can send the characters into an item. The levels in the Item World are randomly made, and at every ten floors, there's a more powerful enemy and an exit. The more floors the player goes to, the stronger the item gets. In Item World, there are also characters called Specialists. If one of the player's characters kills them, they are captured, and make the item more powerful in some ways. For example, if the player captures a Gladiator, the item boosts the attack power of who's holding it.
The Dark Assembly is a place where Laharl can go to propose a law, which include a law that gets more expensive 

The PlayStation 2 version of "Disgaea" got an award from IGN for "Best Game no one Played" in 2003.


Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure

Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated movie, and the sequel to the 1973 movie "Charlotte's Web". The movie was released in the United States on March 18, 2003. The movie was produced by Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, Universal Animation Studios, and Nickelodeon; and distributed by Paramount Home Entertainment in North America and Universal Studios Home Entertainment overseas.

The movie is about a pig named Wilbur, who lives on a farm and has to take care of three young spiders, who are the daughters of the older spider Charlotte who died in the first movie. He must also save his new friend, a friendly black lamb named Cardigan, from being eaten an evil fox named Farley. The sequel was not received very well, with Robert Pardi of TV Guide stating that the movie does not capture the heart and spirit of the original. He also criticized the animation (which he called mediocre, or bad). Mike Long of DVD Talk also said that the animation was mediocre and resembled a Saturday morning cartoon, and that the story was lame.

The movie starts in springtime, about a year after Charlotte has died. Charlotte's three daughters, Nellie, Aranea, and Joy, are now teenagers, with Wilbur taking care of them. During this time, Wilbur becomes friends with a newborn lamb named Cardigan, who is rejected by the other lambs and the younger sheep of his flock because he has black wool. Wilbur takes Cardigan under his wing and shows him the farm, the ways of animal life, and dangers to look out for. However, after only a few weeks, farmer Zuckerman suddenly sells Cardigan to another farmer, so Wilbur, along with Charlotte's daughters and Templeton the Rat, set out to visit Cardigan and make sure he is okay.

However, Wilbur is hungry so he gets some grapes which make him look purple. Some bark from the trees comes and lands on his head. This makes him look like a wild pig. A near hit by a car then reveals that two other guys have now seen the wild pig. This makes it hard for Wilbur to visit Cardigan.

Meanwhile, an evil fox named Farley comes and steals a hen from the barn. Farley comes and steals Cardigan from the barn, and plans to eat him. Wilbur now must save his friend, and does so by trapping him in a "pig web". Charlotte's daughters spin the word "fox" in a spider web, and Fern arrives just in time to save Wilbur. The fox, while not shown, is probably disposed of. Aranea and Joy decide to stay with Cardigan, and the movie ends as Wilbur has to baby sit Templeton's kids. He had promised to do this earlier when Templeton had to get Wilbur out of some brambles bushes, which also helped make him look like a wild pig.


Robert Pardi of TV Guide reviewed the movie saying "This 20-years-later follow-up fails to capture the zest (heart/spirt) of the original cartoon, transforming (turning) E. B. White's beloved characters into cute sidekicks worthy of Barney." He also said the animation was poor (bad). Mike long, of DVD Talk, reviewed the movie saying "The lame story isn't helped by the mediocre (bad) at best animation. The art has no real style and could have come from any Saturday morning cartoon. He continuously called the movie different and humorus names: "Charlotte's Web 2: The Quickening", "Charlotte's Web 2: Dead by Dawn", "Charlotte's Web 2: Island of Lost Dreams", "Charlotte's Web 2: The Nightmare Isn't Over", "Charlotte's Web 2: When Nature Calls", and "Charlotte's Web 2: The Wrath of Khan". He went on to say that "as "Charlotte's Web" is one of my all-time favorite stories, I had a great interest in "Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure". However, what I found was a bargain-basement sequel that does nothing to advance the original stories or characters. The DVD offers a very nice transfer, but the extras are pointless. There will be no spiders claiming that this is "Some DVD"." Out of five stars, he gave the content a one, the video a four, the audio a four, the extras a one, and the overall reply a one, with the advice to skip it. The one reviewer on Rotten Tomatoes that weighed in on the movie, Brian Webster of apolloguide.com, gave it rotten as well. Their summery of their review was "This is the sort of bland adventure that kids will have seen a hundred times before, with not-so-tense near-misses and not-so-exciting chases along the way."



1 Maccabees

The Book of 1 Maccabees (pronounced First Maccabees) is a book of the Bible written in Hebrew around the year 100 BC by a Jewish author. It is part of the Old Testament in Catholic and Orthodox Christianity but is generally not seen as canonical in Protestantism. It talks about the period in Jewish history between 175 BC and 134 BC, when the Seleucid Empire ruled over Israel and forced their culture and religion onto the Jewish people. Angry at these developments, many Jews rebelled against the imperialists and overthrew the tyranny. Their struggles and battles form the majority of the Book of 1 Maccabees.

Prahova County

Prahova () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in the historical region of Muntenia. The capital of Prahova County is Ploieşti.

Prahova County has an area of 4,716 square kilometers. The main river in Prahova County is the Prahova River.

Prahova County has 2 municipalities, 12 towns and 90 communes.




Lizzie McGuire

Lizzie McGuire is a American children's situation comedy television show. It was shown from 2001 through 2004 on the Disney Channel. It is about the life of a young girl (Hilary Duff as Lizzie McGuire) growing up. There was a 2003 film based on the show called "The Lizzie McGuire Movie". There was also a series of books, a magazine and toys. The soundtrack to the show was released on CD and sold a million copies.



Izvoarele, Prahova

Izvoarele is a commune in Prahova County, Romania.

Talea, Prahova

Talea is a commune of Prahova County, Romania.

Comarnic

Comarnic is a town of Prahova County in Romania. About 13,000 people live in Comarnic.

Azuga

Azuga is a town in the mountains of Prahova County in the Wallachian area of Romania. Azuga is found at the base of the Bucegi Mountains. About 5,200 people live in Azuga as of the year 2002. The town is a very busy and active ski resort.

Breaza

Breaza is a town in Prahova County, Romania. About 18,800 people live in Breaza as of the year 2002.

Breaza (disambiguation)

Breaza can be any one of several places in Romania:


Suceava

Suceava is the capital city of Suceava County, in Romania. 107,513 people were living in Suceava as of July 1, 2004.


Baiu Mountains

The Baiu Mountains are a group of mountains in the central part of Romania. They are part of the Eastern Carpathians.


Valea Doftanei

Valea Doftanei is a commune in Prahova County, Romania.

Harghita County

Harghita (; ; ) is a county (judeţ) in the central part of Romania, in the eastern part of Transylvania. The capital of Harghita County is Miercurea-Ciuc.

Harghita County has an area of 6,639 square kilometers. 

Two of the most important rivers in Romania, the Mureş River and the Olt River, start in Harghita County.

Harghita County has 4 municipalities, 5 towns, and 58 communes.



Frumoasa, Harghita

Frumoasa is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.

Remetea, Bihor

Remetea is a commune in Bihor County, in the western of Romania. 

Pietroasa, Bihor

Pietroasa is a commune in Bihor County, in the northwestern part of Romania. About 3,300 people live in Pietroasa.

Reprise Records

Reprise Records is an American record label, founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra, which is owned by Warner Music Group, and operated through Warner Bros. Records. Reprise is best known for recording Green Day since 1994.

Reprise was formed in 1960 by Frank Sinatra in order to allow more artistic freedom for his own recordings. He had earlier been with Capitol Records, but was upset when Capitol issued an album, "Come Fly with Me", whose cover had a picture of him in front of an airplane with a Trans-World Airlines (TWA) logo. He believed Capitol and TWA were profiting together from his image, and left him out.

Reprise's artists included Sinatra's longtime friend Dean Martin, who was a singer and comedian, with a popular television show. Sinatra's daughter, Nancy Sinatra, became a recording artist and singer, and signed with her father's label. (His advice to her, whoever she signed with, was to "Own your own masters", and she did that. Years later, her catalog was valuable, and she earned more money from her records than if she was not their owner.) Reprise also released records by Jimi Hendrix, and later Neil Young.




Rob Cavallo

Rob Cavallo (born March 21, 1963) is a record producer. He both signed and produced Green Day. He has made a number of other albums. He is now a senior vice-president at Reprise Records.























Selling out

Selling out means giving away one's integrity, morality and principles in exchange for money, 'success' or other personal gain. Some people think that it happens in art when what they think is weird becomes more like mainstream society, so it will make more money. Selling out is seen as getting success at the cost of credibility.


Longview (song)

"Longview" is the first major-label single released by punk band Green Day. It is from their 1994 album "Dookie".


Basket Case (song)

"Basket Case" is a song by the band, Green Day from its third album "Dookie". The song ended up being a huge hit, spending five weeks at the top of the Modern Rock Tracks chart after it was released. The song was written by frontman Billie Joe Armstrong about his struggle with anxiety; before he was diagnosed with a panic disorder, and he thought he was going crazy.


It should be noted that, while the song was extremely popular in the United States, even reaching hit number 26 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay, the lack of a commercial single stopped the song from charting on the "Billboard" Hot 100.


When I Come Around

"When I Come Around" is a 1994 single from Green Day's album "Dookie". It was the final single from the album. It was #1 on the Modern Rock Tracks for seven weeks.



"Side A."

"Side B."

Crater (disambiguation)

Crater can be:

Hercules (constellation)

Hercules is a constellation in the northern part of the sky. It represents the mythological Hercules of Greek mythology. It was one of the 48 constellations listed by an astronomer known as Ptolemy around the year 150 CE. It is now one of the 88 modern constellations on the International Astronomical Union's list.

Aquila (constellation)

Aquila is a constellation. The name means 'eagle' in Latin. The constellation is normally represented as an eagle.

Aquila is just a few degrees North of the celestial equator. The constellation is best seen in the summer as it is along the Milky Way. Because of this location along the line of our galaxy, many clusters and nebulae are within its borders. However, they are dim and there are not many galaxies.

Aquila was one of the 48 constellations described by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy. It had been earlier mentioned by Eudoxus in the 4th century BC and Aratus in the 3rd century BC. It is now one of the 88 constellations defined by the International Astronomical Union.

The Greek Aquila is probably based on the Babylonian constellation of the Eagle (MUL.A.MUSHEN), which is in the same area as the Greek constellation.

Two major novae have been observed in Aquila. The first one was in 389 BC and was recorded as being as bright as Venus. The other was in 1918 and is known as (Nova Aquilae 1918). It briefly shone brighter than Altair, the brightest star in Aquila.

Three interesting planetary nebulae lie in Aquila:

In illustrations of Aquila that represent it as an eagle, a nearly straight line of three stars symbolizes part of the wings. The center and brightest of these three stars is Altair. The tips of the wings spread out to the southeast and northwest. The head of the eagle stretches off to the southwest.

In mythology, Aquila was owned by the Roman god Jupiter and did many tasks for him.

In a book by Gavin White, the Babylonian Eagle carried the constellation called the Dead Man (LU.USH) in its talons. The author also draws a comparison to the Classical stories of Antinous and Ganymede.

In classical Greek mythology, Aquila was identified as Αετός Δίας ("Aetos Dios"). He was the eagle that carried the thunderbolts of Zeus. He was sent by Zeus to carry the shepherd boy Ganymede to Mount Olympus. The constellation of Aquarius is sometimes identified with Ganymede.

In the Chinese love story of Qi Xi, Niu Lang (Altair) and his two children (β and γ Aquilae) are separated forever from their wife and mother Zhi Nu (Vega) who is on the far side of the river, the Milky Way.

In Hinduism, the constellation Aquila is identified with the half-eagle half-human deity Garuda.

In Chinese astronomy, ζ Aql is within the Heavenly Market Enclosure (天市垣, "Tiān Shì Yuán"), and the other stars of the constellation are placed within the Black Tortoise of the North (北方玄武, "Běi Fāng Xuán Wǔ").



Libra (constellation)

Libra (, , symbol , Unicode ) is a constellation of the zodiac. 

It lies between Virgo to the west and Scorpius to the east. It once represented the claws of Scorpius.

The brightest stars in Libra form a rectangle:


α and β Librae are the scales' balance beam, and γ and σ are the weighing pans.

σ Librae was formerly known as γ Scorpii even though it is well inside the boundaries of Libra. It was not renamed as σ Librae until 1851 (by Benjamin A. Gould).

Scorpius

Scorpius (Latin for "scorpion", symbol , Unicode ♏) is one of the constellations of the zodiac. In western astrology it is also known as "Scorpio". It is a large constellation in the Southern Hemisphere near the center of the Milky Way. Its brightest star is the red supergiant Antares. The blue hypergiant Zeta1 Scorpii is even brighter but smaller and further away.




Sagittarius (constellation)

The constellation Sagittarius (meaning "the Archer") is a group of stars in one area of the night sky. The stars are in the shape of a centaur archer. This constellation is part of the Western zodiac.

The Milky Way is at its densest near Sagittarius, as this is where the galactic center lies. Consequently, Sagittarius contains many star clusters and nebulae. One of the brightest of the star clusters is Messier 55, about 7.5° west of δ Sgr.

The complex radio source Sagittarius A is here. Astronomers believe that one of its components, known as Sagittarius A*, is associated with a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy, with a mass of 2.6 million solar masses.


Ursa Major

Ursa Major is a constellation that can be seen in the northern hemisphere and part of the southern hemisphere. Its name means Great Bear in Latin. It was named that because many different groups of people around the world have thought that its stars look a lot like a bear with a long tail. It is often used as a symbol for "north".

According to Greek mythology, Ursa Major was once the beautiful maiden Callisto, whom the god Zeus had an affair with. In order to protect her and their son, Arcas, from his jealous wife Hera, Zeus turned Callisto and Arcas into bears. He then picked up the bears by their short, stubby tails and threw them into the sky.

The constellation cannot be seen from the southern areas of Patagonia, South Africa, Australia, and all of New Zealand except the Northland region.

Several bright galaxies are found in Ursa Major, including the pair Messier 81 (one of the brightest galaxies in the sky) and Messier 82 above the bear's head, and the Pinwheel galaxy (M101), a beautiful spiral galaxy northwest of the star η Ursae Majoris. Other well-known spiral galaxies are NGC 4102, NGC 4605, Messier 108 and Messier 109. The constellation has about 50 galaxies that can be seen with a small telescope. The Owl nebula, the brightest planetary nebula, can be found along the bottom of the bowl of the Big Dipper.

The seven stars in the northeast corner of Ursa Major form an called the Big Dipper (or the Plough in Great Britain). This group has been recognized by almost all groups of people who live or lived in places where it can be seen in the sky and it is one of the best-known star patterns. The Big Dipper is helpful in finding the north star because an imaginary line drawn through the two stars on the right side will point directly at the north star. These two stars are called The Pointers and they are very important on navigation by stars.

All of the stars in the Big Dipper except Dubhe and Alkaid are moving toward the same point in the sky through proper motion. This group of stars is known as the Ursa Major Moving Group.


Ursa Minor

Ursa Minor is a constellation in the northern sky. It is often called the Little Bear or the Little Dipper. Just like the related constellation Ursa Major, or the Big Bear or Big Dipper, it seems to have a long handle leading to a cup or ladle. The end of the handle is the North Star, called Polaris.

The ancient astronomer Ptolemy included Ursa Minor in his list of 48 constellations. It is now one of the 88 modern constellations. Ursa Minor is special because it includes the north celestial pole. However, this will change after several hundred years because the Earth will change the direction of its axis. That movement is called precession

Ursa Minor is often called the Little Dipper because its seven brightest stars seem to be in the shape of a dipper (ladle or scoop). The star at the end of the dipper handle is Polaris, the North Star.

Polaris is the brightest star in the constellation. It is a 'yellow-white' supergiant shining at 2.02 apparent magnitude. It belongs to an unusual class of stars called Cepheid variables. The brightness of Polaris can change. The second brightest star is β UMi (Kochab). It is a 2.08 orange giant star.

The four stars in the "bowl" of the little dipper are very useful for star watchers. They are of second, third, fourth and fifth magnitude. These stars are an easy guide to knowing what magnitude stars are visible. This is helpful for people who live in cities where light can make dim stars hard to see. It is also a way of testing your eyesight.

There is one dwarf galaxy in the area of the constellation. It is called Ursa Minor Dwarf.

Drawings of Ursa Minor often show it as a baby bear with an unusually long tail. In some stories, the tail is so long because the baby bear was held by the tail and spun around the pole.

Greek mythology connected Ursa Minor and Ursa Major to the story of Callisto and Arcas. However, one older version of the story has Boötes in place of Arcas. In that story Ursa Minor was a dog. This earlier tradition explains both the length of the tail and an older name for Polaris. The North Star used to be called "Cynosura" which means the dog's tail.

In another story from early Greek mythology, the seven stars of the Little Dipper were seven sisters. They were Atlas' daughters, the Hesperides. They were part of a story with the nearby constellations Boötes, Ursa Major, and Draco.




Polaris (star)

Polaris (Alpha Ursae Minoris) is the Pole Star or North Star. 

It is the brightest star in the constellation Ursa Minor. It is almost straight above Earth's North Pole. Because of this, when it is seen from Earth, it looks like it always stays in the same place in the sky. For centuries, sailors in the northern hemisphere used Polaris to help them figure out where they were on the ocean and what way they were moving.

Polaris is part of a triple star system. It has a very close dwarf binary, and a larger star, Polaris B, which orbits 2,400 AU away.

The main star, Polaris A, is a giant with 4.5 times the mass of the Sun and a diameter of 45 million kilometers. It is a classic Cepheid variable, the closest to us in the whole Milky Way. Polaris B can be seen even with a modest telescope. It was found by William Herschel in 1780 using one of the most powerful telescopes of the time: his own reflecting telescope. The nearby dwarf star, Ab, was predicted in 1929, but only seen quite recently. The dwarf orbits as close to A as Uranus is to our sun.

Even though Polaris is the North Star today, this has not always been the case. The place in the sky that the Earth's north pole points at changes slowly over time. This movement is called stellar precession. In 3000 BC, a faint star called Thuban in the constellation of Draco was the North Star. Polaris did not become the North Star until about AD 500. It will get closer to straight above the Earth's north pole until sometime in 2102. Then it will move away again. It will be the closest star to the pole until about AD 3000.

Surprisingly, considering its relative nearness, its distance is not yet known for certain. Many recent papers calculate the distance to Polaris at about 434 light-years (133 parsecs). However, some suggest it may be as much as 30% closer. If correct, this would be especially notable because Polaris is the closest Cepheid variable to Earth. Its physical parameters are critical to the whole astronomical distance scale.

There is no star in the southern hemisphere which plays a similar role to Polaris. The star at the celestial south pole, Sigma Octantis, is much dimmer, so it is basically useless.

Hypercube

In geometry, a hypercube is an "n"-dimensional analogue of a square () and a cube (). It is a closed, compact, convex figure whose 1-skeleton consists of groups of opposite parallel line segments aligned in each of the space's dimensions, perpendicular to each other and of the same length. A unit hypercube's longest diagonal in "n" dimension is equal to formula_1.

An "n"-dimensional hypercube is also called an n"-cube or an n"-dimensional cube. The term "measure polytope" is also used, notably in the work of H. S. M. Coxeter (originally from Elte, 1912), but it has now been superseded.

The hypercube is the special case of a hyperrectangle (also called an "n-orthotope").

A unit hypercube is a hypercube whose side has length one unit. Often, the hypercube whose corners (or "vertices") are the 2 points in R with each coordinate equal to 0 or 1 is called "the" unit hypercube.

A hypercube can be defined by increasing the numbers of dimensions of a shape:

This can be generalized to any number of dimensions. This process of sweeping out volumes can be formalized mathematically as a Minkowski sum: the "d"-dimensional hypercube is the Minkowski sum of "d" mutually perpendicular unit-length line segments, and is therefore an example of a zonotope.

The 1-skeleton of a hypercube is a hypercube graph.



Iron Man 2

Iron Man 2 is a 2010 American superhero movie. It is based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man. It is the sequel to the 2008 movie "Iron Man" and the third movie for the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

It was directed by Jon Favreau and written by Justin Theroux. It stars Robert Downey, Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell and Mickey Rourke. The story is set six months after the events of "Iron Man". Tony Stark has revealed his identity as Iron Man. He is resisting calls by the United States government to hand over the technology. Ivan Vanko, meanwhile, has developed the same technology and built weapons of his own.

After the successful release of "Iron Man", Marvel Studios announced and immediately set to work on producing a sequel. In July of that same same year, Theroux was hired to write the script. Favreau was signed to return and direct. Downey and Paltrow were to repeat their roles from "Iron Man". Cheadle was brought in to replace Terrence Howard in the role of James Rhodes. In early 2009, Rourke, Rockwell and Johansson completed the supporting cast. The movie went into production that summer. Like its predecessor, the movie was shot mostly in California, except for a key sequence in Monaco.

Alternative Airplay

Alternative Airplay is a music chart in the United States. It was named Modern Rock Tracks from 1988 to 2009. It ranks the 40 most-played songs on alternative rock radio stations. Since September 10, 1988, Alternative Airplay has appeared in "Billboard" magazine.


Pokémon Pinball: Ruby &amp; Sapphire

Pokémon Pinball: Ruby & Sapphire is a 2003 Game Boy Advance video game made by Jupiter and published by Nintendo. It is the sequel to the Game Boy Color video game "Pokémon Pinball".

Non-fiction

Non-fiction is writing about facts. Although non-fiction is supposed to be truthful, sometimes it may not be. People normally assume that authors mean to be truthful, but they might make mistakes. Writing is normally split into two parts: non-fiction and fiction. As well as non-fiction books, there are also pictures and films.


Charlotte's Web (1973 movie)

Charlotte's Web is a 1973 animated movie, based on the book from 1952 with the same name by E. B. White. It was made into an animated musical movie by Hanna Barbera Productions and Sagittarius Productions in 1973. The movie, sent to theaters by Paramount Pictures on March 1, 1973, is the first of only three Hanna Barbera movies not based upon one of their famous television cartoons. The song score of music and lyrics was written by the Sherman Brothers.

The movie has stayed popular over the years because of television and VHS; in 1994 the movie was one of the best selling movies of the year, 21 years after its first premiere. No other non-Disney musical animated movie has become so popular again later. This new popularity helped to create a direct-to-video sequel, "", which Paramount released in the US on March 18, 2003 (Universal released the movie internationally), followed by a live-action movie version of E. B. White's original story, which was released on December 15, 2006. The movie was presented by Pulitzer Prize in 1985, the year in which author E. B. White died. E. B. White himself wrote about it.

A litter of 11 piglets are born to a mother pig on a farm owned by the Arable family. The 11th of the 11 baby pigs, named Wilbur, is a very small and the mother pig can't feed him. So John Arable decides to "do away" with Wilbur. However, when his daughter, Fern Arable, hears of the pig's fate she rescues him and tells her father it is unfair to kill Wilbur since he is smaller than the others. John agrees and Fern is allowed to keep the little piglet as a pet. Fern and Wilbur loved each other. Fern takes Wilbur around in a baby carriage and gives him a bath. However, after only six weeks of raising him, John Arable tells Fern that it is time for him to be sold. Wilbur was no longer a baby piglet but a full grown boar. Fern sadly says good-bye as Wilbur is sold down the street to her uncle, Homer Zuckerman. When Wilbur wants to play with a lamb, the lamb's father says that sheep do not play with pigs because it is only a matter of time before they are turned into smoked bacon and ham. Wilbur starts crying saying that he does not want to die, but a voice from above tells him to "chin up". Wilbur goes to sleep feeling better.

The next day the voice sings a song about "chinning up", and reveals herself to be a spider named Charlotte A. Cavatica. Charlotte A. Cavatica saves Wilbur by writing messages in her web, which is why the movie is called "Charlotte's Web." She starts to write messages in her web, calling him "terrific" and "some pig." The messages get a lot of attention from the media and other neighbors to the fair. Wilbur is such a media hit that this convinces the Arables, Zuckermans and Fussys to keep him and not kill him. Charlotte A. Cavatica eventually lays her eggs and dies. When the baby spiders are born (514), most of them leave. Three of them stay, and for a number of years a few of Charlotte A. Cavatica's kids stay around the farm and keep Wilbur company. But as much as Wilbur loves them, they will never replace the memory of his friend Charlotte A. Cavatica.

The movie was released to theaters on March 1, 1973 by Paramount Pictures in the United States. It was released on February 22, 1973 in New York City in less theaters, and also released in West Germany on March 30, 1973, as well as August 11 in Sweden, and August 25 in Japan.

Rotten Tomatoes says that the movie has a 74% "fresh" rating based on 19 reviews, with a score of 6.6. The RT community gave the movie an 86% approval rating, with a score of 7/10. Craig Butler of All-Movie Guide criticized the animation and the musical score, but said it was close to the book. He said that, “no attempt has been made to soften the existential sadness at the story's core” (no one tried to soften the major sad parts of the story, like when Charlotte A. Cavatica dies at the end). Dan Jardine criticized the songs and the “Saturday morning cartoon quality” of the animation, but also says that Hamner kept just enough of White’s prose to keep the movie from being only an experiment that did not work out. Christopher Null of Filmcritic.com said that the animation is sometimes “downright bad, but E. B. White's classic fable needs little to make it come to life”. He later went on to say that the movie is “a must-own for anyone with children, and a must-see for everyone else.” He rated it four out of five stars. When it was reissued on DVD the movie was awarded an Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Gold Award.

According to Gene Deitch, a director of animation and friend of E. B. White, the author's wife wrote the following words in a 1977 letter: "We have never ceased to regret that your version of "Charlotte's Web" never got made. The Hanna-Barberra version has never pleased either of us... a travesty..." E.B. White himself wrote of the film: "The story is interrupted every few minutes so that somebody can sing a jolly song. I do not care much for jolly songs. The Blue Hill Fair, which I tried to report faithfully in the book, has become a Disney World, with 76 trombones. But that's what you get for getting embroiled in Hollywood."


"Chin Up" is sung by Charlotte A. Cavatica the spider when she first meets Wilbur the pig in the barnyard. She convinces him to look on the bright side.

"I Can Talk!" is sung by Wilbur the pig who had previously been unable to utter words. The Goose realizes as she is sitting on her eggs that her new neighbor in the pen beside her, Wilbur the pig, has not been eating his food, and that he seems to be sad. She offers him an ear if he will come over to her and talk since she cannot get off of her eggs. But soon she realizes that Wilbur cannot talk. She encourages him to try... And with a couple grunts, and a "Wa... Wa... Wa" "Wi... Wi... Will...bur.. WILBUR!" Suddenly, with the Goose's help, Wilbur realizes he can talk and say all the things he wants. Wilbur sings a song about his new talking skills, while waking up some of the other farm animals with his excitement.

"A Veritable Smorgasbord" is introduced and sung in the story by the Goose, sung again by the Goose And Templeton. It is sung another time, this time at a "double time" tempo sung solo by Templeton.

"Zuckerman's Famous Pig" is the title given to Wilbur the pig hero which saves him from being killed in the story, and the theme of the finale song in the movie. The song was composed and arranged in a barbershop quartet style by the Sherman Brothers, in keeping with the time and place of the story. It was covered by the Brady Kids and was chosen for release on their first single taken from "The Brady Bunch Phonographic Album" by producer Jackie Mills.

"We've Got Lots In Common" is sung by Wilbur to the new gosling (baby goose), Jeffery, who, like Wilbur, is a runt. Wilbur passes on one of the lessons which Charlotte A. Cavatica has taught him. The other barnyard animals sing along as well. In the advertisement for suppliers of the movie, a rare piece of footage of the Sherman Brothers singing "We've Got Lots In Common" can be seen. In this part, Richard Sherman plays piano while Robert Sherman stands over his brother's shoulder and sings along. The song was filmed in an unnamed recording studio in Los Angeles in 1972.

"Mother Earth And Father Time" is introduced in the story by Charlotte A. CAvatica and sang a second time in the movie as Charlotte A. Cavatica is dying. According to "The Annotated Charlotte's Web" by Peter F. Neumeyer, some fans of the book are not in favor of the song's placement in the movie because it ruins E. B. White's strong words from the book, "...And she didn't move again." which many people find extremely moving. The Sherman Brothers' father, songwriter Al Sherman, believed the "Charlotte's Web" song score, and "Mother Earth And Father Time" in particular, to be the brothers' finest work. The lyric addresses the idea of thinking about one's life. In the storyline the song is sung by Charlotte A. Cavatica at the end of her life. Ironically, Al Sherman died shortly after the movie was released.

"There Must Be Something More" is introduced in the story when Fern Arable is learning about love from a little runt she saved from an "untimely death", when her father was about to "do away with it". Fern Arable found it to be an injustice, and relates herself, saying to her father if she had been small, would he have killed her too? Her father gives in and lets her raise the pig she names Wilbur. Fern Arable learns about love and life through Wilbur, and sings a song to tell Wilbur just how much she loves him. The song goes through the first two weeks of Wilbur's life with Fern Arable. The song is sung by Fern Arable to a baby Wilbur in a motherly way. The song is then sang again briefly by Wilbur when Fern Arable gets a bit older begins to show an interest in young "Henry Fussy". Suddenly Wilbur is no longer so important in Fern Arable's life. Charlotte A. Cavatica explains to Wilbur that this is the nature of the world.

"Charlotte's Web" is the title song of the movie. In the movie the song is sung back-to-back with "Deep In The Dark". The title song was covered by The Brady Bunch among others. In the movie, Charlotte A. Cavatica tells Wilbur to go to sleep, and she would see him in the morning, and she sings a song called "Deep In The Dark" to put the barnyard to sleep. "The Brady Bunch Phonographic Album" features three Sherman Brothers songs including "River Song" from "Tom Sawyer", "Zuckerman's Famous Pig" and "Charlotte's Web". Their cover of the song is also featured on their "Greatest hits" album "It's A Sunshine Day: The Best Of The Brady Bunch".


Sphinx

A sphinx (Boeotian: , plural sphinxes or sphinges) is a mythical creature with the head of a human, the body of a lion, and the wings of an eagle.

In ancient Greek mythology, this is a monster with the head of a woman, the front feet and body of a lion, the wings of an eagle, and the tail of a bull. This is an evil creature. It kills people and then eats them. This is the character of the legend of Oedipus.

In Egyptian mythology, the sphinx is usually a kind creature, but it has same power as in the Greek version. Both Greek and Egyptian sphinxes guard something, and statues of sphinxes stand near the doors to palaces.

During the Renaissance in Europe, people made the sphinx in different ways. This was because people had translated the description of the sphinx into Renaissance languages differently.
However, pictures of the sphinx are usually associated with the Egyptian Sphinx.
The word sphinx comes from the Greek word Σφίγξ, meaning "compress", "pull up" because this is how lions kill the animals that they eat.
However, the historian Susan Wise Bauer suggests that the word "sphinx" was instead a Greek corruption of the Egyptian name "shesepankh".

Indian culture also has pictures of lion-men.
Some palaces are decorated with lion-men.

A sphinx dates back to the Old Kingdom of Egypt, and its name comes from the Ancient Greek name for a "stranger". The Sphinx is also common in South and South-East Asia, and was popular in Europe from the times of the Renaissance. The Sphinx was famous for riddles. It was used to protect the pyramids of Giza. Giza has ahead of a man and the body of a lion. One notable sphinx appears in the legend of Oedipus and killed travellers who failed to correctly answer a riddle about the three ages of man ("Which creature has one voice, but travels on four legs in the morning, two in the afternoon and three in the evening?"). Oedipus correctly solved it ("Man-he crawls on all fours as a baby, in adulthood, he walks upright, and in old age, he walks with a cane").

Ulysses

'Ulysses' is the Latin name for Odysseus, a character in ancient Greek literature.

Ulysses can also be:

Safe sex

Safe sex (also called Safer sex or protected sex) is to have sex in a safe way. There are many dangers with having sex. Perhaps the most well-known are:

There are many ways of having safe sex. Some of these include:

Commons

Commons may refer to:


Ted Hughes

Ted Hughes OM, (17 August 1930 – 28 October 1998) was an English poet and writer of children's stories. He was born in Mytholmroyd, West Riding of Yorkshire. He was married to the American poet Sylvia Plath from 1956 until her suicide in 1963. From 1984 until his death, he was the British Poet Laureate. He died of colorectal cancer in London, aged 68.


Biffy Clyro

Biffy Clyro, often called Biffy by fans, are a Scottish rock band. The band are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released four albums and an EP. Their fourth album "Puzzle" got them much mainstream and popular attention. 

Black Stone Cherry

Black Stone Cherry are a rock band from Kentucky, USA. They are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released two albums, called "Black Stone Cherry" and "Folklore and Superstition". The band has had several songs reach the top 30 of Billboard's Top Mainstream Rock Songs, including "Lonely Train", which reached #14 on that chart in 2006.



Jerry Wexler

Gerald "Jerry" Wexler (January 10, 1917 – August 15, 2008) was a music journalist who became a music producer, and was thought of as an important name in his field from the 1950s through the 1980s. He came up with the term "Rhythm & Blues", and was important in working with big people in music of the last 50 years, such Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, Led Zeppelin, Wilson Pickett, Dusty Springfield, and Bob Dylan. Wexler became part of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.


Mick Foley

Michael Francis "Mick" Foley, Sr (born March 31, 1966 is an American author, actor and professional wrestler. He has wrestled under the names Dude Love, Cactus Jack, and Mankind.

A hardcore specialist, Foley is known as "The King of Hardcore Wrestling". He is a former ECW, WCW and WWE Tag Team Champion and was a part of the "Rock and Sock Connection" with wrestler The Rock.

He has held the WWE Championship 3 times. He has held the TNA World Heavyweight Championship after defeating Sting at Lockdown 2008. In WWE he has won a total of 17 championships.

He was announced as the first inductee into the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2013.

Memoirs

Children's fiction

Contemporary fiction


Cyclic redundancy check

A Cyclic redundancy check (often shortened to CRC) is a way to calculate a checksum, based on a polynomial. In computer science, CRCs are used to check that no errors occurred transmitting the data. The transmitted messages are divided into predetermined lengths which, used as dividends, are divided by a fixed divisor. The remainder of the calculation is appended onto and sent with the computer recalculates the remainder. If it does not match the transmitted remainder, an error is detected. At this point, the data is re-sent. Ethernet packets have a (CRC) code. 

For example: 

If 'm' is your message of 16 bits, and you are calculating a CRC of 8 bits (CRC-8), then let 'x' be message 'm' appended by 7 zeroes. Let 'y' be a "" number. Divide 'x' by 'y', until you obtain a remainder that is not divisible further. Take this remainder and subtract it from the "magic" number 'y' and add this result to 'x' to obtain 'z'. 'z' is now a multiple of the "magic" number 'y' and dividing 'z' by 'y' will give a zero remainder. 'z' can now be transmitted to the receiver. The receiver will perform this division and check if the remainder is zero to confirm that there were no errors in transmission. The message can be recovered by simply reading the most significant 16 bits in the 24 bit transmission. 

In real world systems, these long division operations are performed in hardware by bit-shifting and XORing, a feat which is trivial for digital electronics to perform at extremely high speeds. 

Bucov

Bucov is a commune in the Prahova County, Romania. About 10,500 people live in Bucov as of the year 2002.

Padded cell

A padded cell is a special room in a hospital for mentally ill people. It's made so that the patients can be put there when they go through a crisis (or they have a fit or seizure). They are put there so they can go through their crisis on their own, without putting others into danger. Padded cells are made in special ways so that those having the crisis cannot hurt themselves. Padded cells have been used for a long time in psychiatry. In the 1980s, their use declined in Europe. This is because there are drugs that can be given that make them nearly unnecessary. 

They are still widely used, especially in Africa and Asia. 

Seizures and crises are usually very tiring. For this reason, patients usually only spend a short time in these cells. They usually collapse because of fatigue rather quickly. When they do, they need medical attention quickly.

Rüttenen

Rüttenen is a municipality in Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

The Feeling

The Feeling are a five person band that come from Sussex, England. The bands music is classed as pop. They have been nominated for many awards including a BRIT award in 2006. 

The first of their four top 10 singles was the song "Sewn" in March 2006. It was one of 2006's most played songs. It was first played on BBC Radio 2. The Feeling's debut album was named "Twelve Stops and Home", which made it to number two in the UK album chart.

Mangwal

Mangwal is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°6'30N 72°49'32E.

Mangwal, Afghanistan

Mangwal is a village in Kunar Province, Afghanistan. It is at 34°36'7N 70°49'41E. Its height is .

Geography of Afghanistan

Afghanistan is in the middle of Asia. The country is landlocked and mountainous, and has most of the Hindu Kush mountains. There are four major rivers in the country: the Amu Darya, the Hari River, the Kabul River and the Helmand River. The country also contains a number of smaller rivers, lakes, and streams.

Afghanistan has 5529 km of borders. They are with neighbouring countries:

The borders are called "porous". That means that in many places people can cross over with not much official control.

Afghanistan has a lot of rugged mountains known as the Hindu Kush as well areas of desert.



Afghanistan's natural resources include: natural gas, petroleum, coal, copper, uranium, gold, silver, chromite, talc, barites, sulfur, lead, zinc, iron ore, salt, precious and semiprecious stones.

The Hindu Kush reaches a height of 7485 m. / 24,557 ft. at Nowshak, Afghanistan's highest peak. Of the ranges extending southwestward from the Hindu Kush, the Koh-i-Baba reaches the greatest height (Shah Fuladi, 5,142 m /16,870 ft). The Safed Koh range, which includes the Tora Bora area, dominates the border area southeast of Kabul.

The area towards the Khyber Pass across the Safed Koh are in eastern Afghanistan; at the top the height is 1070 m. / 3,509 ft. at Landi Kotal. This area is near to Pakistan, the town of Torkham is five kilometres from Pakistan.


Menoitios

Menoitios (or Menoetius) was the Titan god (perhaps) of violent anger, rash action, and human mortality. Zeus struck him down with a thunderbolt and sent him to Erebos (the Underworld) as punishment for his hybristic behaviour.

He was a son of Iapetus and Clymene or Asia, and a brother of Atlas, Prometheus and Epimetheus. He was struck by Zeus with a flash of lightning, in the fight of the Titans, and thrown into Tartarus but he was not killed. (Hes. Theog. 507, &c., 514; Apollod. i. 2. § 3; Schol. ad Aeschyl. Prom. 347.)

The name Menoitios was derives from the Greek words "menos" meaning variously might, force, spirit, passion, batterage, and "oitos" meaning ill-fated or doomed. Hesiod also describes him as "hybristes", a violent, overbearing and insolent man. Menoitios and his brothers, the sons of Iapetos, were all depicted with extreme human foibles: Prometheus was overly crafty, Epimetheus a fool, and Atlas exceedingly daring.

Menoitios was perhaps identical to Menoites the herdsman of Hades, whom Herakles wrestled with in the underworld. This connection with cattle, suggests that he was also the same as Bouphagos (the Cattle Eater) son of Iapetos, a hybristic man who attacked the goddess Artemis in Arkadia.

Miani, Chakwal

Miani is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Miani

Miani can refer to:


Miani, Sindh

Miani or Meeanee was a village in Sindh, Pakistan, six miles north of Hyderabad. It was the site of the Battle of Miani, 17 February 1843, in which Sir Charles Napier defeated the ruler of Sindh and made it part of British India.

Hyderabad, Sindh

Hyderabad (Sindhi and ') is a city in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city was founded in 1768 by Mian Ghulam Shah Kalhoro on the ruins of a Mauryan fishing village along the bank of the Indus River known as Neroon Kot ().

Hyderabad used to be the capital of Sindh. Now it is the capital of the district of Hyderabad. Before the starting of Pakistan, it was known as the Paris of India, for its roads used to be washed with perfumed rose-water every day and sandalwood incense would linger in the air.

There are many prominent people who belong to Hyderabad Sindh. Among them are Dr. Ghulam Mustafa, Filmstar Muhammad Ali, Dr. Amir Liaqauat, Speaker National Assembly Fahmida Mirza, Qazi Asad Abid, Mustafa Qureshi, and Dr.Syed Mehboob, a writer and columnist, also born and educated in Hyderabad.

Miani, Punjab

Miani is a small town of Bhalwal Tehsil, Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is about 70 km from Sargodha city. 

Miani used to have a large population of Hindus before the partition of India. They had to leave their ancestral homes and move to India after partition. Sargodha itself was the homeland of Khatris and had a large concentration of the ancient Khatri clans. Khatris are found among both Hindu as well as Muslim Punjabis. Some Khatris were converted to Islam after he introduction of Islam into the Punjab. Miani continues to have a population of Muslim Khatris or Punjabi Shaikhs.

Pre-partition, there were also many Hindu Brahmin families living in Miani. There were Gosain Brahmins of six clans, some of which are Balak-nathiye, Dabre, Bhature. The details are available with Purohits at Haridwar, India, a most holy place for Hindus on the banks of holy river Ganges. They were living, before partition, in and around Jhikki Gali of Miani, which was near a 'Roni Khui' or a well. These Gosain families would marry their children into Bagge, Kapooriye Saraswat Brahmins of the region. Other Brahmin families of Miani were Mohyal Brahmins, mainly Dutt. A very large house belonging to a Dutt family still stands tall in Miani with the name 'Krishen Niwas' inscribed in Hindi on the elaborately carved, large wooden doors (for which Miani & Bhera were famous). This door has also engravings of Lord Krishna, cows, lotus etc. 

Miani was nicknamed Namak-Miani (salt Miani) because it was the main marketplace for salt that was mined from the mountains around Khewra. 

Vltava

Vltava is a river which flows through the Czech Republic and its capital city, Prague. It starts as two small springs and ends at the Elbe. Composer Bedřich Smetana wrote a symphonic poem about this river, sometimes called "The Moldau".

Sargodha

Sargodha is the capital city of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. In old times, it was part of 'Shahpur' area under the British Raj. It was primarily an agricultural market town but now, it has also developed as a garrison town for the Pakistan Army and Pakistan Air Force. 

Miani (Pashtun tribe)

The Miani, are a Pashtun tribe, they mainly live in the Gomal plains which are part of Tank District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. A few of the tribe also live in the Frontier Region of Dera Ismail Khan District and in Afghanistan.

Pashtun people

Pashtuns or Pakhtuns () are an Iranic ethnic group of Afghanistan and Pakistan. They are the largest ethnic group in Afghanistan and the second largest in Pakistan. Their native language is Pashto, but many of them also speak Dari, Hindko and Urdu languages. They are the original or native people of the area south of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan and west of the Indus River in Pakistan. However, in the modern period, they have spread to cities outside their native land. According to researchers, the total population of the group is estimated to be around 90 million.

Many Pashtuns believe that their ancestors were ancient Hebrews who arrived to what is now Afghanistan over 2,000 years ago and settled there however this claim has no basis and the likely origins of the Pashtuns are that their ancestors were ancient Iranian farmers who settled down in the region from Central Asia. They were first mentioned by a Greek historian in 500 BC, then by Alexander the Great, and in the 3rd century they are called "Abgans" ("Afghans") by the Persian rulers. In the army of the Ghaznavids and Ghurids, thousands of Afghans were reported to be serving. They ruled Delhi Sultanate in the past and also Persia between 1725 to 1729 until they established the last Afghan empire that became what is now Afghanistan.

The Pashtun people follow a strict code of honor, known as "Pakhtunwali", that requires them to support the poor, the weak, and the challenged; to fight evil; to provide shelter to anyone who needs it and many more. Pashtun are also strict with obedience in their families and society. They are also known as the best at welcoming guests and taking good care of them. They really love to see respectful people in society, with great manners and obedience.

The Pashtuns are mostly farmers, herdsmen, and warriors but many of them are also businessmen and politicians. Most tribesmen are sedentary farmers, combining cultivation with animal husbandry; some are migratory herdsmen and caravaners. Large numbers of them have always been attracted to military service.

In Afghanistan, Pashtun make up around 75% of the total population. They form about 60 tribes of different size and importance, each of which occupies a different territory. In Afghanistan, where Pashtun are the major ethnic group, the main tribes are the Durrani, who mostly live in the south and west, and the Ghilzai, who live in northern and eastern parts of the country.

They are over 15% of Pakistan's population, with Peshawar and Quetta being their principal cities. They predominate north of Quetta between the Sulaiman Range and the Indus River. Significant number of Pashtuns also live in most other major Pakistani cities, particularly Karachi, Islamabad, Rawalpindi, and Lahore. In the hill areas the main tribes are, from south to north: the Tarin, Kakaṛ, Sherani, and Ustarana south of the Gumal River; the Maḥsud, Darwesh Khel, Waziri, and Biṭani between the Gumal River and Thal; the Turi, Bangash, Orakzay, Afridi, and Shinwari from Thal to the Khyber Pass; and the Mahmand, Utman Khel, Tarklani, and Yusufzay to the north and northeast of the Khyber.

Cod Wars

The Cod Wars, also called the Iceland Cod Wars (Icelandic: "Þorskastríðin", "the cod wars", or "Landhelgisstríðin", "the wars for the territorial waters") were a series of confrontations in the 1950s and 1970s between the United Kingdom and Iceland regarding fishing rights in the North Atlantic. The name of the conflict was a pun on the term "Cold War" (with "cod" reading so similarly to "cold"), by the British tabloid press.

In 1972, Iceland declared an Exclusive Economic Zone extending beyond its territorial waters, and plans to reduce over-fishing. It policed its quota system with the coast guard, leading to a series of net-cutting incidents with British trawlers that fished the areas. As a result, a fleet of British Royal Naval warships and tug-boats was employed to act as a deterrent against any future harassment of British fishing crews by Iceland.

In 1976, a compromise between the two states allowed a maximum of 24 British trawlers access to the disputed 200 nautical mile (370 km) limit. Two-hundred-nautical-mile Exclusive Economic Zones became recognized internationally on November 14, 1994, after having been agreed at the conference on the Third United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) in 1982.

Orion (constellation)

Orion is one of the largest constellations in the sky. It is supposed to look like the warrior Orion from Greek mythology. The constellation has other names in different cultures: it is mentioned under a Hebrew name in the Book of Job.

The constellation has a clear hour-glass shape with "Orion's Belt" in the centre. That part is made up of three bright stars (Alnitak, Alnilam, Mintaka) in line. The Orion constellation has 81 visible stars, including some of the brightest and most important stars in the night sky. Rigel is the brightest star in it, and Betelgeuse is a huge, rather unstable red supergiant. 

The constellation includes a series of starburst nebulae where new stars are forming. The whole group of nebulae is known as the Orion complex. The complex is 1,500 to 1,600 light-years away, and hundreds of light-years across. It includes

In Greek mythology, Orion was a great hunter who joined Artemis's Hunt. He was the first ever male to ever enter the Hunt. Inevitably, he slowly started getting closer to Artemis, and eventually fell in love with her, even though he knew she had sworn an oath of maidenhood. Artemis did not sense this at the time, so she let him stay in the Hunt. The problem was that Orion was too good a hunter, and got in over his head. He killed too many animals, which was against the Hunters' nature, which was not to harm nature if it was not of danger to them. Gaea, the Earth Spirit, sensed this, and sent a giant scorpion to kill him, to punish him for his sins against nature. Artemis mourned his death, and herself made a constellation dedicated to him, namely, the Orion's Belt.

The ancient Egyptians equated the constellation with Osiris, god of the afterlife. The ancient Egyptian "First Time", "when Osiris walked on the Earth", has by some fringe archeologists been held to be around 10,500 BC; thanks to precession (which was known to the astronomers of the Early Dynasties), around that time at the Spring Equinox the constellation could be seen "walking" on the horizon just before dawn.

Orion is a useful aid to find other stars. 
Extend the line of the Belt southeastward to find Sirius (α CMa); northwestward to find Aldebaran (α Tau). A line eastward across the two shoulders is the direction of Procyon (α CMi). A line from Rigel through Betelgeuse points to Castor and Pollux (α Gem and β Gem). 

Betelgeuse

Betelgeuse (from Arabic: إبط الجوزاء Ibṭ al-Jauzā’, meaning "the armpit of Orion") is a large red supergiant star in the Orion constellation. It is usually the ninth-brightest star in the night sky, and the second-brightest in Orion.

Betelgeuse is a semiregular variable star whose apparent magnitude varies between 0.2 and 1.2. This is the widest range of any first-magnitude star.

It is also one of the largest and most luminous observable stars. It has a radius between around 640 times wider than the Sun's radius. This means it is around 900 million kilometers in diameter. Betelgeuse was the first star other than the Sun whose size was known. The star's distance from Earth is between 400 and 500 light-years. Its average absolute magnitude is about −6.02.

Betelgeuse is less than 10 million years old. It evolves rapidly because of its high mass. It is moving through the interstellar medium at a speed of 30 km/s, creating a shock wave over 4 light-years wide.

Betelgeuse is now in a later stage of stellar evolution. It will rapidly go through its life cycle before exploding as a type II supernova sometime in the next million years. Betelgeuse was once a yellow supergiant, which was observed by humans thousands of years ago.

An observation by the Herschel Space Observatory in January 2013 showed that the star's winds are crashing against the surrounding interstellar medium.
Betelgeuse is one of the red supergiant stars to have a bow shock: others are Mu Cephei and IRC-10414. Betelgeuse can be seen at the upper left in Orion.
Betelgeuse is also called Alpha Orionis (α Orionis, abbreviated Alpha Ori, α Ori).


Phoenix (mythology)

The phoenix is ​​the sacred bird of myth, mentioned in Persian, Greek, Egyptian, and Chinese mythology. But once every thousand years, he spreads his wings and sings over a large mass of firewood, and when he is overjoyed by his song, he kindles a fire in his beak, and when it burns in the fire, an egg emerges from it, which immediately catches fire and burns. Another phoenix is ​​born from its ashes. Phoenix is ​​considered a symbol of immortality and longevity in most cultures. But some cultures have attributed other characteristics to him. The story goes that the bird lives for several hundred years before it dies by setting itself on fire. However, it then starts a new life from the ashes of the fire. 

In English culture, the Phoenix is ​​a mythical bird, very beautiful and unique in its kind, which, according to legend, lives in the western desert for 500 or 600 years, burns itself on a pile of debris, and from the resulting ashes, he himself once again. He emerges with a youthful freshness and begins and passes another round of life. Phoenix in European culture is often an allegory of immortality and eternal life. Phoenix originally entered European culture from ancient Iran. During the eight centuries BC, the Phoenix bird is mentioned in nine references, eight of which have come down to us through quotations from later authors, and only one case by Herodotus, a Greek historian from 484 to 424 BC, is preserved in full. remained. Another Greek, Claudius Aelianus, also known as Aelian, wrote about Phoenix 200 AD: "Phoenix keeps the arithmetic of 500 years correct without the help of arithmetic or finger counting, because he learns everything from nature, which is the whole intellect. Although it seems necessary to know about Phoenix, among the Egyptians - perhaps only a handful of priests - no one knows when 500 years will pass, but at least we need to know where Egypt is and Heliopolis where Phoenix is. "Where is it and what kind of coffin does this bird put its father in and where does it bury it?" According to the English text, this historian calls Phoenix's father a father, but calls Phoenix the neutral form (it). Subsequent authors have often used the feminine form for Phoenix, but since this bird is a unique myth and its offspring did not derive from mating, the discussion of its sex did not seem to be very important. A Roman historian named Publius Ovidius Naso, better known as Ovid, is the first Roman to write about Phoenix in Latin. "How many creatures walk on earth today, but in the beginning they were different. There is only one being that will remain forever as it was from the beginning, that is, it will remain unchanged for many years, and finally, after extinction, it will be born again in its original form. This is a bird that the Assyrians, or in some sources probably the Syrians or the Phoenicians, call the phoenix. This bird does not eat ordinary seeds and grass, but eats fruit extracts and rare spices. When he is 500 years old, he builds a nest on a tall palm tree and with his fork makes a bed for himself from the finest materials, from tree bark to cinnamon and other spices and gums, and then he dies and his soul travels far away with fragrant smoke and steam, and the story It goes on to say that a small phoenix then rises from the chest of his lifeless body to live, as they say, another 500 years, and at that time, after his old age, he found the necessary courage to raise his throne and nests where his father is buried. A tall palm tree sets in motion and begins its journey to the city of the sun, where the Phoenix Nest Temple shines brightly in the Temple of the Sun. ” From all that has been said about the phoenix in European culture, two general accounts of the phoenix can be given: First, Phoenix arises from his father's lifeless body and takes his father's body to the city of Heliopolis and burns it on the altar of the Temple of the Sun; And another narration is that the phoenix burns in a pile of fragrant wood and debris, flutters its wings and ignites a flame, burns itself in the fire, and from its ashes another phoenix is ​​born. So, in a nutshell, this myth can be said in European culture: "The phoenix burns in the fire and is born again from its ashes." In this regard, it is common in English to say, "Every fire may contain a phoenix.

During the first century AD, Phoenix was mentioned 21 times by ten authors. From all these sources it appears that the myth of Phoenix originated in ancient Egyptian civilization and was later spoken of in Greek, Roman and Christian civilizations, respectively. Among the Egyptians, the myth of Phoenix was originally the myth of the sun rising again at dawn after each night, and the name of the city of Heliopolis in Herodotus must have been related to this. The Egyptians consider the phoenix a sacred bird, which is very rare. According to the people of Heliopolis, the phoenix appears in Egypt once every 500 years after the death of the previous phoenix. There are only a few pictures of this bird, and as can be seen from its shape and size in these pictures, the wings and jump are red and yellow are golden, and its general size is like an eagle. A strange story is told about the work of this bird, and that is that this bird brings its father's body, which is covered with a kind of fragrant plant gum, all the way from the Arab land to the Temple of the Sun and buries it there. It is said that in order to bring a corpse, first it makes a gum large enough to carry it, then it empties it and puts the corpse in it and closes its mouth with fresh gum, and then the bullet, which is correct. It has regained its original weight, is brought to Egypt, and while the entire surface of the bullet is covered with gum, it is placed inside the Temple of the Sun, as mentioned.
In

Persian mythology, the phoenix means swan, a counterpart to the Indo-European and Chinese word phoenix, and appears to be the result of an arrangement of a pheasant, a Chinese chicken, and a mixture with other mythical birds. In Persian narrations, like in Indo-European narrations, this hen is a rare and lonely hen that is not a mate and as a result, she will not give birth. Phoenix lives a thousand years, and when his life comes to an end, he produces a large pile of firewood, and when he sits on that pile, he sings so much that he rejoices in his song, and by breaking his wings and with the help of his beak, he kindles a fire, and burns in the door. Fire produces a testicle (egg) from him and thus another phoenix is ​​born. In this narrative, Phoenix is ​​the swan counterpart in European literature who ends his life by singing. Basically, in Persian literature, as in Indo-European literature, burning in one's suffering and rising from one's ashes and being born again have their way into the myth of Phoenix.
In Chinese mythological culture, the phoenix is ​​known as Feng Huang or the red bird, which is a genus of fire and is a symbol of summer and the south, which causes drought. For this reason, Phoenix contains the negative and material element of the world, namely yin, and is considered the symbol of the queen. In front of the phoenix is ​​the dragon, which is always considered to be the representative of Khaqan in Chinese mythology. According to Chinese tradition, the phoenix flies less to the surface of the earth, and when it does, all the birds gather around it. According to Koyaji about Phoenix, he does not sit on the ground, but whenever he sits on the ground, he dances on one foot. Some have suggested that the Chinese phoenix is ​​the counterpart of Shang Shang or the rainbird in the Confucian version, while the Shang Shang or rainbird is the bird that symbolizes the yin, but the phoenix is ​​commonly considered the symbol of the yang. Phoenix in Chinese mythology is a symbol of joy and happiness and a sign of heavenly satisfaction. In these myths, the dragon is the spirit of the rain and the symbol of Khaqan, and the phoenix is ​​the symbol of the queen and the south and the helper of the farmers.

In Chinese mythology, the red bird or phoenix was a symbol of the south and was worshipped. Phoenix later replaced the pheasant. In the surviving maps, this bird had a curved beak, a long, sharp claw in the shape of a bird of prey, and was considered a help to farmers on the arid farms of the south. There is another phoenix in Chinese mythology called Qi Sang or Phoenix of the Mountains. This phoenix is ​​the phoenix that provided the map of rivers to Yu in the time of the Athenian dynasty.

THE feng, or phoenix, is the legendary king of all avian species according to Chinese myth.

“A Hundred Birds Paying Homage to the Phoenix” is one of the most popular themes in traditional Chinese painting. This is also the name of a traditional Chinese music piece featuring complicated suona playing skills.

According to Chinese legend, the phoenix was originally an inconspicuous bird with a plain appearance. Unlike most birds that busied themselves with playing around, he collected fruit and seeds in his den from dawn to dust. Unable to understand his behavior, other birds mocked him for being greedy.

Later, an unexpected draught left many birds without anything to eat. The phoenix opened his den, and shared his food with the other birds, saving their lives.

When the rain finally returned, bringing life back to the forest, the birds wanted to show their gratitude to the phoenix. Each bird pulled out one of their most beautiful feathers, and together they made the feathers into a dazzling garment. They presented the garment to the phoenix, and crowned him as their king.

Hence, each year, all birds will fly to the phoenix on one particular day, and pay their respects to the king. This image has inspired countless artists.

Though the phoenix is often called fenghuang today, the words feng and huang originally referred to a pair of colorful birds. Feng is a male bird and huang is female. However, just as the Chinese dragon was used as a symbol for the emperor in the royal court, the phoenix, with its beautiful appearance, was selected to symbolize the empress. The empress’s crown at formal events was usually called the “phoenix crown,” while her dress was called the “phoenix dress.” Both crowns and dresses were decorated with many phoenix images.

Thus, the phoenix and dragon became “golden partners,” and they often appear together in phrases with positive connotations. “Prosperity brought by the dragon and the phoenix” (long feng cheng xiang) is widely used as an expression of luck. “The talent of the dragon and the presence of the phoenix” (long zhang feng zi) is an expression used to describe the elegance of a person. “The dragon flies and phoenix rises” (long fei feng qi) refers to when an emperor or a saint appears. “Dragon’s heart and phoenix’s liver” (long xin feng gan) refer to a precious and rare dishes. “Climb the dragon and attach to the phoenix” (pan long fu feng) means to flatter the powerful for one’s own benefit.

And phoenix’s powers are also to some extent complimentary to the dragon’s. While the Chinese dragon can summon wind and call for rain, the phoenix is capable of manipulating fire.

However, the phoenix in Chinese myth did not have the ability of rising from the ashes until contemporary litterateur Guo Moruo used the concept of the Western phoenix in his poetry.

Phoenix Short Story by Sylvia Town Sand Warner Edited In the book Phoenix by Sylvia Townsend, Warner Phoenix depicts a mythical creature as a reality and symbolizes the identity and existence of a nation, which is a toy of the lusts and desires of profiteers. In this short and influential story. The Phoenix is ​​a beautiful, ancient Eastern bird that lives in a region in the Middle East near Saudi Arabia when it is captured by a British capitalist named "Mr. Paldero" and imprisoned in a cage to make money from displaying it in a zoo. He pockets well, but after a while, when he sees that the phoenix in the cage and captivity is not attractive to the people and does not attract the attention of the people, he decides to make a humble and ridiculous creature out of this magnificent bird in order to be interesting to the people. Reach. He constantly torments this bird, but finally, after enduring a lot of hardship and oppression, Phoenix rises like a nation under oppression and tyranny, burns all those who caused his suffering in his fire, and is born again free. . In part of the story we read:  "The other birds were taken to his cage. Inherently fierce and warlike birds. They beheaded Phoenix and harassed him; But Phoenix was so sociable and kind that other birds gave up on him after a day or two of hostility. Mr. Paldero then used stray cats. They could no longer leave the field with good manners. But Phoenix flew quickly over their heads and fluttered his golden wings in their faces, frightening them. The phoenix was transferred to a small cage with a sprinkler on the roof. The sprinkler was turned on every night, and Phoenix coughed. Mr. Paldero had another idea in mind. Every day he stood in front of the phoenix cage, mocking and ridiculing it, and abusing it. When spring came, Mr. Paldero was thinking of starting a public campaign about the declining phoenix. "Phoenix, which has long been popular, is declining," he said. Then, a few days later, Mr. Paldero put the stinking phoenix reaction in the cage to put the stinking straw bundles and some rusty barbed wire in the cage to see if he was still inclined to nest. One day Phoenix began to wander in the straw and grass. Mr. Paldero signed a contract for the filming rights. Finally the promised day arrived. It had been a few weeks since people became more and more interested in Phoenix, and the right to enter had reached five shillings. All around the fence was a roaring crowd. Lights and cameras were aimed at the cage, and a speaker through the loudspeaker seldom reminded the audience of what was happening. "Phoenix is ​​the aristocrat of the bird world," the speaker said. "Only the rarest and most precious specimens of Oriental wood, impregnated with perfume, can seduce Phoenix to establish its legendary love nest." At this moment, clean bundles of fragrant sticks and wood chips were thrown into the cage. The speaker continued from the speaker: "Phoenix, like Cleopatra, is capricious, and like a magnificent charm, like the native music of intoxicated gypsies. "All the splendor of the ancient East, its eternal magic, and its skillful tyranny." A woman in the crowd shouted, "Look, she wants to set herself on fire." Trembling fell on the phoenix horns. He turned his head from side to side. He came down and walked back and forth from his seat. He moved the chips and sticks with fatigue and exhaustion. The cameras started working and light shone on Phoenix from all sides. "Ladies and gentlemen," said Mr. Paldero, running to the speaker. This is an exciting moment that the world is waiting for with its soul trapped in its chest. The legend of centuries ago is unfolding before our eyes today. The phoenix sat on a pile of wood that burned like a fire, as if asleep. "If that was the whole story, write down the educational film," said the film's director. At that moment, Phoenix and his nest suddenly ignited. The sparks rose up and spread to all sides. "In a minute or two, everything turned to ashes, and several thousand people, including Mr. Paldero, died in the fire."

In ancient Persian poetry, the Phoenix is known as the Simurgh, Attar Neyshabouri mentions Phoenix in his poems. He also considered the phoenix as other mortal beings and emphasized the pervasiveness of the phenomenon of death. In the logic of Attar al-Tair, the phoenix is ​​the heart of the bird of your heart, which is its refuge in India. He is a bird that has about a hundred holes in his beak and he is not a pair; According to the narration, the phoenix sits in the heights and when the wind blows on his beak, a pleasant melody appears and other birds gather around him with this song and become intoxicated and hunted by him. In his poems, Attar Neyshabouri mentions the phoenix as a bird that has 360 holes on its tip and a pleasant melody comes out of each hole. He knows the origin of the phoenix in India.

John. Russell. Heinels (2006), Understanding Persian Mythology

Anthony Christie, Chinese Mythology

Phoenix. Encyclopædia Britannica, n.d. Web. 15 Nov. 2012. <http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/457189/phoenix>.

Phoenix (constellation)

Phoenix () is a small and not-so-bright constellation in the southern sky. It is one of the birds in a "nest" of bird constellations near it. This constellation was named after the mythical phoenix.

This constellation represents a mythological bird that burns itself up every several hundred years then comes back alive from the ashes of the fire


Octans

Octans is the southernmost constellation. It represents a tool that a sailor would use to find his position using the position of the stars; the octant. Octans contains the southernmost star above Magnitude 6, σ Octantis, which cannot be seen easily.

Sirius

Sirius is the brightest star in the night sky. It is a binary star system in Canis Major, near Orion. It has an apparent magnitude of −1.46. The system is between 200 and years old. It was originally composed of two stars: one was blue-white and one was white.

Sirius appears bright because of its intrinsic luminosity and its position (it is relatively close to Earth). At a distance of 2.6 parsecs (8.6 ly), the Sirius system is one of Earth's near neighbours.

The Egyptians called this star 'Sopdet'. They relied on it to predict when the flood season would start. Sirius is sometimes called the Dog Star. The phrase "the dog days of summer" means the hottest days of summer.

Sirius A is about twice as massive as the Sun and has an absolute magnitude of 1.42. It is 25 times more luminous than the Sun, but has a significantly lower luminosity than other bright stars such as Canopus or Rigel.

Originally, Sirius B had about five times the mass of the Sun. and was a B-type star (roughly B4–5) when it still was on the main sequence.

Sirius B used up its fuel and became a red giant. Then it shed its outer layers and collapsed into its present state as a white dwarf, about years ago. Its mass now is about the same as the Sun.


Culture of Pakistan

Culture of Pakistan has many different cultures. The east of the country is mainly Punjabi, the south is mainly Sindhi. In the east are the tribal cultures. In many areas the tribes and cultures are mixed, most Pakistanis are Punjabi and most of the nation are Sunni Muslim. Clothing is usually the "Shalwar Kameez' in the country. 

Canopus

Canopus, or Alpha Carinae in the Bayer designation system, is the brightest star in its constellation (Carina) and the brightest star in the southern night sky.

Canopus is quite unusual, because its distance from Earth was not known until the 1990s. Before the launching of the Hipparcos satellite telescope, distance estimates for the star varied widely, from 96 light years to 1200 light years. Hipparcos established Canopus as lying 310 light years (96 parsecs) from our solar system. 

The difficulty in measuring Canopus' distance stemmed from its being a "less luminous supergiant". Such stars are rare and poorly understood. They are stars that can be either in the process of evolving to or away from red giant status. This in turn made it difficult to know how intrinsically bright Canopus is, and therefore how far away it might be. Direct measurement was the only way to solve the problem. Canopus is too far away for Earth-based parallax observations to be made, so the star's distance was not known with certainty until the early 1990s.

Canopus is 13,600 times more luminous than the Sun and the most intrinsically bright star within about 700 light years. In fact, from 1 astronomical unit, Canopus would have an apparent magnitude of -37. Canopus appears less bright than Sirius in our sky only because Sirius is much closer to the Earth (8.6 light years).

The surface temperature of Canopus is 7350 ± 30 K. Its diameter has been measured at 0.6 astronomical units (the measured angular diameter being 0.006 arcseconds), 65 times that of the Sun. If it were placed at the centre of the solar system, it would extend three-quarters of the way to Mercury. An Earth-like planet would have to lie three times the distance of Pluto for its star to appear the same size in the sky as our own sun. Canopus is a strong source of X-rays, which are probably produced by its corona, magnetically heated to around 15 million K.

Canopus is part of the Scorpius-Centaurus Association, a group of stars which share similar origins.

Bayer designation

The Bayer designation for stars uses to assign names to stars. For example:


It usually starts with the letter alpha (α) assigned to the brightest star in the constellation, then going down the to assign letters for other stars (beta, gamma, delta, etc.) in order of decreasing brightness (apparent magnitude).

Demographics of Pakistan

The Demographics of Pakistan are a study of the population and the people. It is estimated that Pakistan's population was over 170,000,000 in mid 2008. Pakistan had an estimated population of 169,300,000 as of July 2007. Between 1951-1998, the number of people in Pakistan's cities and towns (known as the urban population) increased sevenfold. And by the next decade the population is expected to exceed 176 million. In the past, the country's population had a quite high growth rate. Dramatic social changes have led to rapid urbanisation and the emergence of megacities. Between 1990-2003, Pakistan sustained its historical lead as the most urbanised nation in South Asia, with city dwellers making up 34% of its population.

Pakistan has a multicultural and multi-ethnic society and has one of the largest refugee populations in the world as well as a young population.

Pakistan's next national census will take place in 2008.

The majority of southern Pakistan's population lives along the Indus River. In the northern half, most of the population lives about an arc formed by the cities of Faisalabad, Lahore, Rawalpindi, Islamabad, Gujranwala, Sialkot, Nowshera, Swabi, Mardan and Peshawar.

Fahrenheit (disambiguation)

Fahrenheit may refer to:

Culture of Iran

The culture of Iran includes the art, language, theater, cinema and music of the country. The culture of Iran has been influenced by many different things, by religion and by its ancient history. The nation has different ethnic groups including Persians, Turks, Arabs, and Kurds.

Iran has one of the oldest and richest art heritages in the world. Iran's arts include many disciplines like literature, music, dance, architecture, painting, pottery, and calligraphy.

Iranians speak many languages in Iran. These languages are from the Iranian, Turkic, and Semitic families.

The literature of Iran is one of the world's oldest literatures. It is more than 2500 years old.

Apollo 17

Apollo 17 was the last flight to send people to the moon. It was done by NASA, the American space group.

It went up to space on December 7, 1972, carrying three astronauts: Eugene Cernan, Harrison Schmitt and Ronald Evans. On December 11, 1972, Cernan and Schmitt became the last humans to land on the moon, while Evans stayed in orbit around the Moon.
About 500,000 people viewed the flight of Apollo 17. A Saturn V rocket took flight from the Kennedy Space Center in America.
About two hours after leaving Earth the section with the people in it went away from the main rocket. The section with the people in it had two parts, the Apollo Command Module called "America" and the Apollo Lunar Module called "Challenger". "America" was the moon control space ship and "Eagle" was the moon-landing space ship. 3 days later the team entered Lunar Orbit (orbit around the moon). A day later the "Challenger" went away from "America". The "Challenger" landed safely on the moon with Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt inside.

Cultural geography

Cultural Geography is the study of cultures, customs, foods, clothing, music, architecture, traditions, religions and languages of the world - and how and why these cultures are spread across the world.

An example would be the Arab World, there are many nations inhabited by Arabic people, from Morocco in the north-west of Africa and lies near to Spain, to Syria which borders Turkey - and Yemen which is near to Ethiopia. 

Arab world

The Arab world (; pronounced: al-`alam al-`arabi) are the Arabic language-speaking countries stretching from the Atlantic Ocean in the west to the Arabian Sea in the east, and from the Mediterranean Sea in the north to the Horn of Africa and the Indian Ocean in the southeast. It consists of 24 countries and territories with a combined population of some 325 million people spanning at least 2 billion acres across two continents.

Horn of Africa

The Horn of Africa (alternatively Northeast Africa, and sometimes Somali Peninsula) is a peninsula in East Africa that sticks out into the Somali Sea and Guardafui Channel, and is along the southern side of the Gulf of Aden.

Some people said that its a good idea for Horn Africans to help each other with making money and politics. Or in general This aim is sometimes called "Pan-Hornism".

There are four countries in the Horn of Africa. They are Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia and Djibouti. The northernmost areas of the Horn are Ras Kasar in the west, settled by the Rashaida tribe, and Alula in the east, settled by Dishiishe. The easternmost area is Ras Hafun, settled by Somalis, and the southernmost in Ras Kamboni, settled by Somalis.
Northeast Africa, or Northeastern Africa or Northern East Africa as it was known in the past, is a geographic regional term used to refer to the countries of Africa in and around the Red Sea. The region is between North Africa and East Africa, and mainly encompasses the Horn of Africa (Ethiopia, Eritrea, Somalia, Djibouti) and the Sudans (Sudan and South Sudan) as well as Egypt. Sometimes, its borders are stretched to either include Kenya, or Chad and Libya. Humans have lived in the area for a long time. Many fossil from the early hominids to modern human have been found here. It is one of the most genetically and linguistically diverse regions of the world, being the home to many civilizations and located on an important trade route that connects multiple continents.

The Horn of Africa became famous for taking longer to be colonized than other African countries. Those countries which fought back were Ethiopia, led by Menelik II, and the Daraawiish State, led by Ismail Mire. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia, but fought the Eritrean War of Independence from 1961 to 1991.

Horn of Africa can also mean the greater region containing the countries of Eritrea, Djibouti, Ethiopia and Somalia. The greater region covers about 2,000,000 km (or 772,200 square miles) and is inhabited by about 94.2 million people (Ethiopia: 79 million, Somalia: 10 million, Eritrea: 4.5 million, and Djibouti: 0.7 million).

Cushitic ethnic groups have a diverse set of uniparental lineages. Nevertheless, certain commonalities can be observed.

Paternally, E-M35 (also known as E1b1b1, formerly E3b1) forms an important lineage in many Cushitic populations, other important paternal lineages in Cushitic populations include J-M267 (also known as J1), A-M13 (A1b1b2b, formerly A3b2), and T-M70 (T1a, formerly K2).

Many Cushitic populations can be paternally traced back to having ethnic origins in the Nile Valley (Egypt and Northern Sudan) through haplogroup E-M78 and the Red Sea region of the Horn of Africa through haplogroup E-V1515 This coincides with anthropological and linguistic hypotheses placing the ethnogensis of the Cushitic language family in the aforementioned regions.

Maternally, Cushitic populations are more diverse, yet share certain lineages in common such as various East African-origin Macro-haplogroup L lineages (various L0, L1, L5, L2, L6, L4, L3 lineages) and North African and/or Middle Eastern-origin M1 and Macro-haplogroup N (in particular N subclades N1a, N1b, R0a, HV1b1, I, K1a, U3a, and U6a).

Cushitic populations have existed at the cross-roads of Africa and Eurasia since the Stone Age, with the Nile acting as a corridor between sub-Saharan Africa and Levant and North Africa thus Cushitic populations have multiple origins, like most other populations, that have become idiosyncratic of Cushitic populations. Cushitic populations tend to combine in their ancestries both, genetic components indigenous to East Africa, and non-African components of West Asian origin. According to an autosomal DNA study by Hodgson et al. (2014), the Afro-Asiatic languages were likely spread across Africa and the Near East by an ancestral population(s) carrying a newly identified non-African genetic component, which the researchers dub the “Ethio-Somali” or “Semitic-Cushitic” in another study. This Ethio-Somali component is today most common among Cushitic and Ethiosemitic populations in the Horn of Africa and reaches a frequency peak among ethnic Somalis, representing the majority of their ancestry. The Ethio-Somali component is most closely related to the Maghrebi non-African genetic component, and is believed to have diverged from all other non-African ancestries at least 23,000 years ago. On this basis, the researchers suggest that the original Ethio-Somali carrying population(s) probably arrived in the pre-agricultural period from the Near East, having crossed over into northeastern Africa via the Sinai Peninsula. The population then likely split into two branches, with one group heading westward toward the Maghreb and the other moving south into the Horn. Ancient DNA analysis indicates that this foundational ancestry in the Horn region is akin to that of the Neolithic farmers of the southern Levant.

According to Hodgson et al. (2014), both the African ancestry (Ethiopic) and the non-African ancestry (Ethio-Somali) in Cushitic speaking populations is significantly differentiated from all neighboring African and non-African ancestries in East Africa, North Africa, the Levant and Arabia. The genetic ancestry of Cushitic and Semitic speaking populations in the Horn of Africa represents ancestries (Ethiopic and Ethio-Somali) not found outside of Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations in any significance. Therefore, both ancestries are distinct, unique to, and considered the signature autosomal genetic ancestry of Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations.

Hodgson et al. states:”The African Ethiopic ancestry is tightly restricted to HOA populations and likely represents an autochthonous HOA population. The non-African ancestry in the HOA, which is primarily attributed to a novel Ethio-Somali inferred ancestry component, is significantly differentiated from all neighboring non-African ancestries in North Africa, the Levant, and Arabia.”According to Hodgson et al. (2014), the non-African ancestry (Ethio-Somali) in the Cushitic speaking populations is distinct and unique to Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations. Hodgson et al. states:”We find that most of the non-African ancestry in the HOA can be assigned to a distinct non-African origin Ethio-Somali ancestry component, which is found at its highest frequencies in Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations.”When calculated the genetic distance (FST) between Ethiosemitic-speaking and Cushitic-speaking Ethiopians, and populations of the Levant, North Africa, and the Arabian Peninsula using two approaches: (1) the whole genome and (2) only the non-African component — in the whole-genome analysis, Ethiopian Semitic and Cushitic populations appear to be closest to the Yemeni; when only the non-African component is used, they are closer to the Egyptians and populations inhabiting the Levant. However this is due to the fact that the similarity is because of the Ethiopian contribution to the Yemeni gene pool. Pagani et al. (2012) states:”The Ethiopian similarity with the Yemeni detected throughout the genome could be explained as an Ethiopian contribution to the Yemeni gene pool, consistent with that observed with mtDNA.”A 2015 study by Dobon et al. identified an ancestral autosomal component of West Eurasian origin that is common to many modern Afroasiatic-speaking populations in Northeast Africa. Known as the ‘’Coptic’’ component, it peaks among Egyptian Copts who settled in Sudan over the past two centuries. The Coptic component evolved out of a main Northeast African and Middle Eastern ancestral component that is shared by other Egyptians and also found at high frequencies among Cushites (≈40–60%), with the remaining 40–60% of the ancestry of Cushites being of sub-Saharan East African origin. However, these percentages are not certain since Figure 3 of the study by Dobon et al. only features these percentages in the k=3 model.

According to Dobon et al. (2015), the results were not conclusive and states that there needs to be more studies on the East African samples. Dobon et al. states:”Our main results add new and interesting features to the North East African genetic complexity, with new populations that define a genetic component in southern Nilo-Saharan speakers that cannot be related to a North-African or other sub-Saharan components. These populations should be included in further population genetics and epidemiological studies to have a representative sample of the genetic diversity of the region of East Africa.”The scientists involved in the study suggest that this points to a common origin for the general population of Egypt. They also associate the Coptic component with Ancient Egyptian ancestry, without the later Arabian influence that is present among other Egyptians. The Coptic component is roughly equivalent with the Ethio-Somali component.

A Y-chromosome study by Wood et al. (2005) tested various populations in Africa for paternal lineages, including 26 Maasai and 9 Luo from Kenya, and 9 Alur from the Democratic Republic of Congo. The signature Nilotic paternal marker Haplogroup A3b2 was observed in 27% of the Maasai, 22% of the Alur, and 11% of the Luo.

According to Gomes et al. (2010), Haplogroup B is another characteristically Nilotic paternal marker. It was found in 22% of Wood et al.’s Luo samples, 8% of studied Maasai and 50% of studied Nuer. The E1b1b haplogroup has been observed at overall frequencies of around 11% among Nilo-Saharan-speaking groups in the Great Lakes area, with this influence concentrated among the Maasai (50%). This is indicative of substantial historic gene flow from Cushitic-speaking males into these Nilo-Saharan-speaking populations. In addition, 67% of the Alur samples possessed the E2 haplogroup.

A study by Hassan et al. (2008) analysed the Y-DNA of populations in the Sudan region, with various local Nilotic groups included for comparison. The researchers found the signature Nilotic A and B clades to be the most common paternal lineages amongst the Nilo-Saharan speakers, except those inhabiting western Sudan. There, a prominent North African influence was noted. Haplogroup A was observed amongst 62% of Dinka, 53.3% of Shilluk, 46.4% of Nuba, 33.3% of Nuer, 31.3% of Fur and 18.8% of Masalit. Haplogroup B was found in 50% of Nuer, 26.7% of Shilluk, 23% of Dinka, 14.3% of Nuba, 3.1% of Fur and 3.1% of Masalit. The E1b1b clade was also observed in 71.9% of the Masalit, 59.4% of the Fur, 39.3% of the Nuba, 20% of the Shilluk, 16.7% of the Nuer, and 15% of the Dinka. Hassan et al. attributed the atypically high frequencies of the haplogroup in the Masalit to either a recent population bottleneck, which likely altered the community’s original haplogroup diversity, or to geographical proximity to E1b1b’s place of origin in North Africa. The researchers suggest that the clade “might have been brought to Sudan […] after the progressive desertification of the Sahara around 6,000–8,000 years ago”. Henn et al. (2008) similarly observed Afro-Asiatic influence in the Nilotic Datog of northern Tanzania, 43% of whom carried the M293 sub-clade of E1b1b.

Unlike the paternal DNA of Nilotes, the maternal lineages of Nilotes in general show low-to-negligible amounts of Afro-Asiatic and other extraneous influences. An mtDNA study by Castri et al. (2008) examined the maternal ancestry of various Nilotic populations in Kenya, with Turkana, Samburu, Maasai and Luo individuals sampled. The mtDNA of almost all of the tested Nilotes belonged to various Sub-Saharan macro-haplogroup L sub-clades, including L0, L2, L3, L4 and L5. Low levels of maternal gene flow from North Africa and the Horn of Africa were observed in a few groups, mainly via the presence of mtDNA haplogroup M and haplogroup I lineages in about 12.5% of the Maasai and 7% of the Samburu samples, respectively.

The autosomal DNA of Nilotic peoples has been examined in a comprehensive study by Tishkoff et al. (2009) on the genetic clusters of various populations in Africa. According to the researchers, Nilotes generally form their own African genetic cluster. The authors also found that certain Nilotic populations in the eastern Great Lakes region, such as the Maasai, showed some additional Afro-Asiatic affinities due to repeated assimilation of Cushitic-speaking peoples over the past 5000 or so years.

Tishkoff ‘’et al’’ in 2009 published the largest study done to characterise genetic variation and relationships among populations in Africa. They examined 121 African populations, 4 African American populations and 60 non-African populations. Their results indicated a high degree of mixed ancestry reflecting migration events. In East Africa, all population groups examined had elements of Nilotic, Cushitic and Bantu ancestry amongst others to varying degrees. They also found that by and large, genetic clusters were consistent with linguistic classification with notable exceptions including the Luo of Kenya. Despite being Nilo-Saharan speakers, the Luo cluster with the Niger-Kordofanian speaking populations that surround them. They suggest that this indicates a high degree of admixture occurred during the southward migration of Southern Luo. Kalenjin groups and Maasai groups were found to have less Bantu ancestry but significant Cushitic ancestry.

David Reich, a geneticist known for his studies on ancient DNA carried out a study which found that mutation frequencies in Luo people were much more similar to those of the surrounding Bantu speakers. They suggested that Luo speakers in East Africa may not have always been socially disadvantaged as they migrated into territories already inhabited by Bantu speakers. This is in keeping with oral history which affirms that large groups of Bantu speakers adopted Luo language, culture and customs that were dominant at the time.

East Africa

East Africa is the most eastern region of the African continent. There are different ways to describe the area East Africa covers - it can be defined by geography or countries. It has some of the earliest found fossils of humans. 

Gulf of Aden

The Gulf of Aden (, pronounced "Khalyj 'Adan"; ) is a gulf in the Indian Ocean. To its south is the Guardafui Channel, the Somali Sea and Somalia. To its north is Yemen. In the northwest, it connects with the Red Sea through the Bab el Mandeb strait. In the southwest, it connects with the Somali Sea through the Guardafui Channel.

Battle of Miani

The Battle of Miani (February 17, 1843) was a battle between British forces under Sir Charles Napier and the Talpur rulers of Sindh (now a province of Pakistan).

The British were upset about the local rulers' stance during the First Anglo-Afghan War (1839–42). After Napier first gained military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the Sindh amirs, his forces attacked the fortress at Imamgarh. After the attack on Imamgarh a popular revolt broke out against the British by the people of Sindh

The Battle of Miani (also known as Meeanee by the British) was the decisive victory that allowed British to take control of all of Sindh (apart from the state of Khairpur).

Later, on March 24, 1843, Mir Sher Muhammad Khan Talpur, the ruler of Southeastern Sindh (Mirpurkhas) tried to liberate Sindh from the occupation of the British East India Company forces at the Battle of Dubbo but he could not succeed

More than twenty thousand Baloch forces were killed while fighting British invaders.

Charles James Napier

General Sir Charles James Napier, GCB (August 10, 1782 – August 29, 1853) was a British general and Commander-in-Chief in India, famous for conquering Sindh province in present-day Pakistan.

William Griffiths

William Griffiths may mean:


BBC iPlayer

BBC iPlayer, commonly shortened to iPlayer, is an online service developed by the BBC which lets you catch up on the last week's television and radio. The service can be used from computers on the BBC website at bbc.co.uk. It can also be used from games consoles, cable television, smart phones and tablets.

BBC iPlayer was first called the Integrated Media Player (iMP), the Interactive Media Player, and then MyBBCPlayer. BBC iPlayer left Beta and went live on 25 December 2007.
On 25 June 2008, it was announced that a new-look iPlayer would be launched. The new version is now live.

In July 2007 the BBC started a small BETA version of iPlayer as a trial service. During this BETA time, iPlayer was only available as a download (WMV format) meaning that any person who did not have Windows loaded on their computer could not use iPlayer. This was not a popular move, and the BBC was put under pressure to allow all people to use iPlayer.

On Christmas Day 2007, iPlayer was no longer in BETA. People could now also watch programmes on the website instead of having to download the video as people had to do before. This meant that people who did not have Windows installed on their computers could use iPlayer as well. This made iPlayer a lot more popular and easier to use, so much so that 3.5 million programmes were viewed in a fortnight.


BBC Online

BBC Online (which used to be called bbc.co.uk) is the website for BBC's UK online services. It is currently the 4th most popular web service in the UK and includes features such as BBC News, BBC Sport, BBC Weather, BBC iPlayer and learning services such as "Bitesize". The BBC has had a website for information about its TV and radio programmes since 1994 but did not launch officially as BBC Online until December 1997, following government approval to fund it with the TV licence fee. The website address was registered in 1991.

Commander-in-Chief, India

The British Commander-in-Chief in India (or Commander-in-Chief of India) was the chief military commander of the British administration in India. The Commander-in-Chief's staff were known as India Command and most were based at the General Headquarters India (GHQ India).

History of colonialism

The history of colonialism goes back thousands of years, colonialism is the taking over of one country by another. In ancient times peoples such as the Hittites and the Incas were involved in colonialism.

However people usually use the word colonialism to talk about the European overseas empires rather than land-based empires. Overseas empires include British rule in India and French rule in Algeria - both of which could only be reached by ships.

Land based empires are usually described as imperialism and include:


The Ottoman Empire was created across Mediterranean, North Africa and into Southern Europe and existed during the time of European colonization of the other parts of the world.

European colonialism began in the fifteenth century when the Spanish and Portuguese began exploring the Americas, and the coasts of Africa, the Middle East, India, and East Asia.

During the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, England, France and Holland made their own overseas empires. However the end of the eighteenth and early nineteenth century many European colonies in the Americas gained their independence.

Spain and Portugal became weakened after the loss of their New World colonies and could not get back the power they once had. But Britain, France and Holland turned their attention to South Africa, India and South East Asia and began expanding.

In the nineteenth century Europe underwent industrialisation, the population got larger, armies became more organised and had better weapons produced in factories. This time became known as the era of . Very quickly European powers were able to take over land and included the Scramble for Africa.

After World War I the European countries who had lost the war had to give up their colonies to the countries that had won the war. For instance Britain which won the war took over Tanzania from Germany (which had lost the war)

After World War II however Europe's colonies started to become independent. In 1999 Portugal returned the last of Europe's colonies in Asia, Macau, to China, ending an era that had lasted five hundred years.

Pakistan Movement

The Pakistan Movement (also called Tehrik-e-Pakistan, ) was a political movement which was active during the first half of the 20th century. At that time, British India belonged to the British Empire. In British India, most people were Hindu, or Muslim. The people in the Pakistan Movement feared that they would lose their liberty when the British left and so wanted to create a separate state.

The struggle was organised by the All India Muslim League and resulted in the Partition of India. The movement was led by Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Other important leaders were Nawab Muhammad Ismail Khan, Raja Amir Ahmed Khan of Mahmudabad, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, Nawabzada Liaquat Ali Khan, Fatimah Jinnah, Amjadi Bano Begum, Sir Abdullah Haroon, Khawaja Nazimuddin, Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, Sardar Shaukat Hayat Khan, Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman, A.K. Fazlul Huq, Aurangzeb Khan, Qazi Muhammad Isa and Abdur Rab Nishtar.

The first person with the idea of a separate state was not Allama Iqbal, as is generally thought. He publicized the theory onlt in his speech in 1930. It was a prevailing idea that has its origins in the United Provinces of Indian. People like Sir Syed Ahmed Khan and others had thought about a separate state there much earlier.

In 1901 onwards, many other Muslim scholars had also been proposing the idea of a separate Muslim state within the subcontinent. Choudhary Rahmat Ali later proposed the name Pakistan in his Pakistan Declaration in 1933.

People like Muhammad Ali Jinnah maintained their belief in religious unity. Religious hostilities between Hindus and Muslims gave the movement a stronger backing.

In 1940 during its meeting in Lahore, the Muslim League passed the Lahore Resolution, also known as Pakistan Resolution, which asked for an independent state of Pakistan. Soon after World War II, the United Kingdom became convinced that it could not keep its colonies in South Asia, as the British Empire had suffered very badly from the war. By 1947, British India was divided into two countries, a Muslim-majority Pakistan and a Hindu-majority India. Bangladesh split from Pakistan in 1971.


Sexual arousal

Sexual arousal is the feeling humans and animals get when they are ready to have sexual intercourse. Someone who can only get sexually aroused after forming an emotional bond with someone is called a demisexual.

When people become sexually aroused, their bodies change in certain ways.
Animal sexuality is not very well understood today, but scientists are sure that animals do get sexually aroused without having sexual intercourse. Dolphins and Bonobos both use sex as a ""social tool to strengthen and maintain bonds.""



Brahan Castle

Brahan Castle was a castle that used to stand near Dingwall, in Easter Ross, Scotland. The castle belonged to the chiefs of the Clan Mackenzie who ruled the area. The Jacobite risings as well as religious struggles all took place around the castle. 

The castle was also the place where the Jacobite Mackenzies became the first defeated clan who were forced to surrender and be ruled by the English. The building was demolished in 1951.

Clan Mackenzie

Clan Mackenzie is a Highland Scottish clan, historically associated with lands in Kintail and Ross-shire.

The clan were involved many times in fighting against rival clans and the English. In 1746 the clan were victorious against the British government and the people who supported them. Afterwards however they were to be defeated.

Awami Muslim League

The Awami Muslim League () is a political party in Pakistan headed by Sheikh Rashid Ahmad. The Awami Muslim League was formed in June 2008.

Patnitop

Patnitop or Patni Top, is a hill top tourist location in Udhampur District on the National Highway 1A, on the way from Udhampur to Srinagar. It is located in the Shiwalik belt of the Himalayas, and is in Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir. Patnitop is 47 km from Udhampur and 112 km from Jammu. This famous hill resort is perched on a beautiful plateau, at an altitude of 2024 m across which the Jammu-Srinagar Highway passes. The river Chenab flows close to this location.

Origin of the name Patnitop is a distortion of the original name of "Patan Da Talab" meaning "Pond of the Princess". In olden times a pond existed in the meadows and the kings princess often used to have her bath there. Part of the pond still exists near the youth hostel. The Britishers probably could not get the name correctly in their revenue records, and over the years it changed from "Patan Da Talab" to Patnitop.

Farooq Leghari

Farooq Leghari (, May 29, 1940 - October 20, 2010) was President of Pakistan from November 14, 1993 until December 2, 1997.

Wasim Sajjad

Wasim Sajjad (born 30 March 1941) was President of Pakistan two times. He served as interim President prior to elections.

Muhammad Rafiq Tarar

Muhammad Rafiq Tarar (, November 2, 1929 – March 7, 2022) was President of Pakistan from January 1, 1998 until June 20, 2001. During Pakistan's independence in 1947, Rafiq Tarar worked as a relief worker in camps set up by Muslim Students Federation for refugees, migrating from British India to Pakistan.

He belonged to the Tarar Jatt clan of Pakistani Punjab. He was also a Senator from 1997 until 1998. Tarar was also a Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from 1991 until 1994.

Tarar died on March 7, 2022 in Lahore, Pakistan from a heart attack, aged 92.

Liaquat Ali Khan

Nawabzada Liaquat Ali Khan (, ', October 1, 1895 – October 16, 1951) was a Pakistani politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Pakistan and Defence Minister. Liaquat rose to political importance as a member of the All-India Muslim League.

He played an important role in the independence movement of Pakistan from the British Empire. In 1947, he became the prime minister, a position that he held until his assassination in October 1951.

In Pakistan, he is regarded as one of the right-hand men of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the leader of the Muslim League and first governor-general of Pakistan, but stands largely a controversial figure due to his bad relations with Miss Fatima Jinnah an account of which has been published in Qudrat Shahab's "Shahab Nama". He was one of the architect as well as one of the few builders of Pakistan. He tried to organize the social and political life in Pakistan along these lines "in Pakistan, consensus can be desired in all areas of civil life, such as art and literature, politics, religion and education. Liaquat Ali Khan was given the titles of Quaid-e-Millat (Leader of the Nation), and, after his death, Shaheed-e-Millat (Martyr of the Nation).

Muhammad Ali Bogra

Muhammad Ali Bogra (; October 19, 1909 — January 23, 1963) was a Pakistani statesman of Bengali origin. He served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1953 until 1955.

Beveridge, Victoria

Beveridge is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is on the Hume Highway, north of Melbourne. In 2006 there were 1,192 people living in Beveridge and the local area.

Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters' Tryste Inn in 1845. The Inn still serves as a hotel, as well as post office and general store.

The town is known as the birthplace of bushranger Ned Kelly. He lived there as a small boy. His birth details aren't known, but he was probably born at his grandfather, James Quinn's farm. A cottage where the Kelly family lived for a short time is still standing today, located on Kelly Street. It is recorded that John Kelly built this house in about 1859 when Ned was about five years old. Dan Kelly and Kate Kelly were born in the house. The Primary School is a bluestone building once a church where the Kelly family prayed. Sitting on a hillside, this gothic style building was built between 1857 and 1862. The sacristy and chancel were added in 1877.

Near Beveridge is Mt Fraser, an extinct volcanic cone. It last erupted about 1 million years ago. It is about 120 metres in height above the surrounding land. From this spot the explorers Hume and Hovell first saw Port Phillip Bay on 14 December 1824. A quarry now operates at the side of the hill. 

Chaudhry Muhammad Ali

Chaudhry Muhammad Ali () (July 15, 1905 - December 2, 1980) was a Pakistani statesman. He served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1955 to 1956.

Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy

Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy (September 8, 1892 - December 5, 1963) was a politician from Bengal in undivided India, and later in East Pakistan. He served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1956 until 1957. He is also known for his controversial role in the Direct Action Day of August 16, 1946. Following riots in Bengal during the last days of India's fight for freedom, he was considered a favourite of Muhammad Ali Jinnah. He is also considered to be the first populist leader in Pakistan's history. He is the founder of the Awami League, one of the two major political parties of present-day Bangladesh.

Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar

Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar (, April 15, 1898 - March 13, 1968), commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar, was Prime Minister of Pakistan for about 2 months from October 17, 1957 to December 16, 1957.

Malik Sir Feroz Khan Noon

Malik Sir Feroz Khan Noon (1893-1970) was a politician from Pakistan. He was the 7th Prime Minister of Pakistan.

Nurul Amin

Nurul Amin (, , July 15, 1893 - October 2, 1974) was a Prime Minister and Vice President of Pakistan. He was a well known Bengali leader of the Pakistan's Muslim League, and served as Chief Minister of East Pakistan.

Muhammad Khan Junejo

Mohammad Khan Junejo (Urdu: , Sindhi :محمد خان جوڻيجو, August 18, 1932 – March 16, 1993) was a Pakistani politician and statesman who served as the tenth prime minister of Pakistan from 1985 to 1988 under president Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq.

Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi

Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi (Urdu: غلام مصطفیٰ جتوئی) (n 14 August 1931 - 20 November 2009) was Prime Minister of Pakistan for 3 months, from August 6, 1990 to November 6, 1990.

Zafarullah Khan Jamali

Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali (Urdu/Baloch: میر ظفراللہ خان جمالی) (January 1, 1944 – December 2, 2020) was a Pakistani politician and businessman. He was the 15th Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2002 to 2004. He was the chairman of the Pakistan Hockey Federation. Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali was born in present-day Balochistan, Pakistan.

Jamali died of a heart attack on December 2, 2020 in Rawalpindi, Pakistan at the age of 76.

Shaukat Aziz

Shaukat Aziz (, born March 6, 1949, in Karachi, Pakistan) was the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2004 to 2007. He became Finance Minister in November 1999. Aziz was chosen by President Musharraf for the position of Prime Minister after the resignation of Zafarullah Khan Jamali on June 6, 2004. He became Prime Minister on August 28, 2004, and served until November 15, 2007. He was the first Prime Minister of Pakistan to complete a full term in office.

Yousaf Raza Gillani

Syed Makhdoom Yousaf Raza Gillani (, born June 9, 1952 in Karachi) was the 16th Prime Minister of Pakistan. He was a former Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan (1993-1997) and former Federal Minister (1985-1986).

He was nominated by Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), with the support of coalition partners, Pakistan Muslim League (N), Awami National Party, Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (F) and Muttahida Qaumi Movement on 22 March 2008. He took the oath of office from President Pervez Musharraf on 25 March 2008. Gilani is the first elected Prime Minister of Pakistan from the Seraiki-speaking belt, a much-neglected area politically.

Gilani is also the present vice chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party.

On 26 April 2012 Gillani was discharged from the prime ministership due to white-collar crime charges. On 19 June 2012, the supreme court of Pakistan finally ousted Gillani from the premiership due to charges of corruption. He was replaced by Raja Pervez Ashraf because the first candidate Makhdoom Shahabuddin was arrested on alleged drug trafficking, in collaboration with Gillani's son. The hearing of cases against Gillani are going on at this time.

OpenOffice Writer

OpenOffice Writer is the word processor part of the OpenOffice.org software package. Writer is a word processor that is like Microsoft Word and Corel's WordPerfect.

Just like all of the OpenOffice suite, Writer can be used on many Operating Systems, including Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Solaris. Released under the terms of the Apache License, Writer is free software. if anybody wants to collect a word processor free of cost he has software for him called open office.org writer.

Writer can open and save documents in a lot of formats, including the OASIS Open Document Format 1.1, Microsoft Word's DOC, RTF and XHTML.

Writer has a number of abilities that are not in Word, including the ability to export to the PDF format natively.

Abilities include:

Though OpenOffice.org Writer has a spell checker, it does not have an included grammar checker though this is available as an extension. Writer's mail merge functions, rewritten in 2.0, is still less flexible than in other word processors.


Run Run Shaw

Sir Run Run Shaw CBE, GBM (19 November 1907 – 7 January 2014) was an important name in Hong Kong cinema. He made many films with his brother Runme Shaw. Later in life, he donated a lot of money to charity, schools, and hospitals.

He died at his residence on the morning of 7 January 2014 at 6:55am (HKT) at the age of 106 from natural causes, peacefully with his family by his side.


Stone Sour

Stone Sour was a rock band from Iowa, United States. Their singer is also the lead singer in Slipknot (Corey Taylor). They are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released six albums. They have been nominated for three Grammy Awards, one in 2005 and two in 2006.

Stone Sour stated bands like Soundgarden, Deftones, Stone Temple Pilots, Tesla, Alice in Chains and Metallica as influences.



Gears of War

Gears of War, sometimes called Gears, is a third-person shooter videogame developed by Epic Games and published by Microsoft. It was released only for the Xbox 360 in 2006 but was later released for Microsoft Windows. 

The company sold three million copies in ten weeks and was the fastest selling video game of 2006. It was the second most played game on the Xbox 360's online service, Xbox Live, in 2006 - only beaten by Halo 3. A film version of the game is currently being made by New Line cinema. The sequel, "Gears of War 2", was released in November 2008. 

The PC version uses a DRM protection scheme. The certificate needed to play the game is invalid since January 1, 2009, making the game unplayable. Fortunately to the players, the protection can be worked around by simply changing the system date. 


A.K. Fazlul Huq

Abul Kashem Fazlul Huq ("Abul Kashem Fozlul Hôk") (26 October 1873 – 27 April 1962), often called Sher-e-Bangla (Bengali: শেরে বাংলা "Shere Bangla", from Urdu: "Sher-e Banglā" "Tiger of Bengal") was a well-known Bengali statesman in the first half of the 20th century. He held different political posts including General Secretary of the Indian National Congress (1918-1919), Education Minister (1924), the first Muslim Mayor of Calcutta (1935), Chief Minister of undivided Bengal (1937-1943) and East Pakistan (1954), Home Minister of Pakistan (1955-56), Governor of East Pakistan (1956-58), Food and Agriculture Minister of Pakistan (1958-61)

Fazlul Huq died on Friday 27 April 1962 at 10:20 am. He was 89 years and 6 months old. His body was kept at his home in 27 K. M. Das Lane, Tikatuli until 10:30 am on 28 April. It was on a customized ice-bed. Then his "Salat al-Janazah" prayer was held at the Paltan Moydan. His funeral drew a crowd of over half a million. All educational institutions of Pakistan were declared closed on 30 April to pay tribute to him. All important officials of Pakistan attended his Janazah.


Lahore Resolution

The Lahore Resolution (Urdu="Qarardad-e-Lahore" قرارداد لاھور), commonly known as the Pakistan Resolution (Urdu=قرارداد پاکستان "Qarardad-e-Pakistan") was a political resolution, or statement drafted between 22nd to 24th March 1940, by the 25-member Working Committee of the All-India Muslim League, and then formally adopted by the Muslim League membership at its general session on 23 March 1940, held at Lahore. This resolution asked for greater Muslim autonomy of Muslim majority states such as Punjab, Bengal, Sindh and NWFP within British India. However, later on most people thought of this as a call for a separate Muslim state, Pakistan. The resolution was presented at Minto Park (now renamed 'Iqbal Park'), in Lahore, by Maulvi A.K. Fazlul Huq on the instructions of the Working Committee.

In fact, from the declaration made in this resolution in 1940 onwards, the goals of the Muslim League became increasingly fixed upon achieving an independent nation-state.

Today, the resolution's importance is remembered in Pakistan, by the Minar-e-Pakistan structure that stands in the Greater Iqbal Park, Lahore.
So fair ideas of Muslims separated had been floating in Indian political atmosphere.

The following is the full list of the 25 original, formally designated members of the Special Working Committee of the All India Muslim League, 1940, which met between 21 and 24 March 1940, and which largely drafted the Lahore Resolution.

Amritsar Tahsil

Amritsar Tahsil was an administrative subdivision of the Lahore Division in British Punjab of British India. The tahsil had an area of 545 square miles. To the west was Lahore situated on the Ravi River and east was the Beas River, which divided it from the State of Kapurthala. The area contained fertile land irrigated by the Bari Doab Canal. The city of Amritsar city is located in this area. The population of the tahsil in 1901 was 488,383, compared with 462,734 in 1891. The city of Amritsar (population, 162,429 in 1901) was the headquarters. It also contained the towns of Majitha (6,403) and Jandiala Guru (7,750); and 373 villages.

Punjab Province (British India)

Punjab was a province of British India, it was one of the last areas of the Indian subcontinent to fall under British rule. With the end of British rule in 1947 the province was split between India and Pakistan. The area that made up British Punjab streched from Himachal Pradesh in the east to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the west, which itself was separated in 1909; has today been split into the following areas:


The word Punjab is named from the "five rivers" which flow through it: the Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi, Beas and Sutlej, all tributaries of the Indus.

The Punjab province of British India was a triangular area of country bordered by the Indus and the Sutlej rivers.

In 1947, the province of Punjab was divided between the new republics of India and Pakistan. The mostly Muslim western part of the province became Pakistan's Punjab Province; the mostly Sikh and Hindu eastern part became India's Punjab state in 1966. Many Hindus and Sikhs lived in the west, and many Muslims lived in the east, and so the partition saw many people displaced and much intercommunal violence. Lahore and Amritsar were at the center of the problem, the British were not sure where to place them - make them part of India or Pakistan. The British decided to hand both cities to India, but because of a lack of control and regulation for the border, Amritsar became part of India while Lahore became part of Pakistan. Areas in west Punjab such as Lahore, Rawalpindi, Multan, Gujrat, had a large Sikh population and many of the residents were attacked or killed by radical Muslims. On the other side in East Punjab cities such as Amritsar, Ludhiana, and Gurdaspur had a majority Muslim population in which many of them were wiped out by Sikh guerrillas who launched an all out war against the Muslims.

Saugor and Nerbudda Territories

The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories was a region of British India. The territories were located in what is now the central part of present-day Madhya Pradesh state in India. It includes the districts of Sagar (Saugor), Damoh, Jabalpur, and Narsinghpur.

The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were captured from the Marathas after the Third Anglo-Maratha War of 1818. Saugor was the seat of a Maratha governor, and the northern part of the territory was given to the British by the Maratha Peshwa, the southern part, which included Jabalpur and the upper Narmada River valley, was ceded by the Bhonsle Maharaja of Nagpur. The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were attached to the North-Western Provinces, which included the British Dominions in the southern part of present-day Uttar Pradesh state. In 1861 the Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were combined with Nagpur Province, which the British had taken over in 1853, to form the Central Provinces.

Lilian Jackson Braun

Lilian Jackson Braun (June 20, 1913 – June 4, 2011) was an American writer. She is most well known for her "The Cat Who..." series of mystery books. The books are about the life of former newspaper reporter James Qwilleran, and his two Siamese cats, KoKo and Yum Yum. She wrote 29 books in "The Cat Who..." series. Braun also wrote several collections of short stories. She did not like to use technology such as computers. She wrote her books on a typewriter or in longhand.

After writing her third book, "The Cat Who Turned On and Off", Braun took time off from novel writing. She starting working for the Detroit Free Press. She worked there for 30 years. She started as "The Good Living" editor. She wrote feature articles on interior design, art and architecture. She also wrote reviews of kitchen gadgets and household products.




Faridpur District

Faridpur district () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division. Faridpur is the headquarter of this district. The area of this district is 2072.72 km² and is bordered by Rajbari and Manikganj districts on the north, Gopalganj district on the south, Dhaka, Munshiganj and Madaripur districts on the east. The soil of this region is fertile, although once upon a time the district consisted mainly of marshland.

The main rivers are Padma, Old Kumar, Arial Khan, Gorai, Chandana, Bhubanshwar and Lohartek.

Faridpur district consists of 9 upazilas, 4 municipalities, 79 union parishads, 36 wards, 92 mahallas and 1859 villages. The town consists of 9 wards and 35 mahallas. The area of the town is 20.23 km². The population of the town is 99634; male 51.73%, female 48.27%.

The district's nine upazilas:

The district is named after the Sufi saint Shah Sheikh Fariduddin, who preached there in the 12th and 13th centuries. In the early 1800s, Hazi Shariatullah started the Farayzi movement against the British rulers from this district. The movement against the British use of Indigo cultivation was also started from Faridpur under the leadership of Dudu Miah.

The district used to be called Fatehabad until 1860. The town of Faridpur came into being towards the late 1700s. Faridpur was one of the places which led the other districts in the anti-colonial movement across the 30s and 40s.

The total population is 1,714,496:


Barisal Division

Barishal (also spelt Barisāl) is a division of south-central Bangladesh. It used to be a district called Bakerganj. It is now one of 6 divisions of Bangladesh, but before Bangladeshi independence it was formerly part of East Pakistan as a district. The town of Barishal was under the control of the Roychoudhury family, which now has moved to Calcutta.

In 1797 the area was established as Bakerganj District but later renamed as Barisal District.

Kuakata beach is the main tourist spot in the division. It is one of the two sea beaches in South Asia where both sunrise and sunset at sea can be seen.

Durga Sagor is another beautiful Dighi where a number of migratory birds arrive every winter.
There are 42 upazilas in total in Barisal division: most recent upazilas are Rangabali in Patuakhali and Taltoli in Barguna.

The division is subdivided into six districts (zilas) and thence into 39 sub-districts (upazilas). Lower level administrative areas are 353 union parishads, 3,159 mouzas, 12 municipalities, 25 wards and 4,163 villages.

Chittagong Division

Chattogram Division is one of the eight administrative divisions of Bangladesh. It covers the most southern areas of the country and is also the second largest one.

In 1947 the area was continued as a Division, as one of four divisions of East Bengal. The upland districts of "Khagrachhari", "Rangamati" and "Bandarban" together comprise an area known as the Chittagong Hill Tracts. Before 1995, the four districts of Sylhet Division were also a part of Chittagong Division. 

Khulna Division

Khulna Division is one of the eight divisions of Bangladesh. It is in the southwest of the country. Almost 30 million people live there. Its headquarters is Khulna city in Khulna District.

The Khulna division borders the Rajshahi Division to the north, the Dhaka Division to the northeast, Barisal Division to the east, the Bay of Bengal to the south and the state of West Bengal (in India) to the west. Barisal Division used to be part of Khulna Division.

Khulna Division consists of the following districts:


When part of East Pakistan's - Khulna provided most of the money from abroad due to the Jute industry. The country's second seaport, Mongla Port, and the country's only only ship building yard is in Khulna division.

The largest mangrove forest in the World the Sundarban is spread over the three districts of the division: Satkhira, Khulna and Bagherhat.


Rajshahi Division

Rajshahi Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Bangladesh. It has a population of almost 30 million and area of about 34,513 km. Rajshahi division consists of 16 districts, 128 Upazilas and 1,092 Unions (the lowest administrative tier). It has an excellent rail and roads. The divisional city Rajshahi is only four hours road journey away from Dhaka, the capital city. 

Rajshahi division is in the north western corner of Bangladesh. The famous river Padma borders Rajshahi division on the south and another famous river, Jamuna, lies across the eastern border. In the north and west, Rajshahi division shares a border with India.


Sylhet Division

Sylhet Division is the Northeastern division of Bangladesh. It is named after its main city, Sylhet. The division is bordered by the Meghalaya State of India on the north, Tripura State on the south, Assam State of India on the east and Dhaka and Chittagong divisions on the west. Bangladeshis also claims the Karimganj Thana as part of its country.

The population of Sylhet Division is about 10 million. Followers of different religions are: Muslim 81.16%, Hindu 17.80%, Christian 0.06%, Buddhist 0.02% and others 0.96%.

Sylhet district was created in 1772 after this area was acquired by the British in 1767 and Mr. William Thackeray was appointed as the first collector. Current Sylhet district consists of 12 (twelve) upazilas. There is an attempt to make this web portal useful to the needs of information seekers. It contains detailed information on various important government departments, resources, publications, education, agriculture, medicine, tourism and housing. The process of continuously enriching the web portal will continue. the late 18th century, the British East India Company became interested in Sylhet. They saw it as an area of strategic importance in the war against Burma. Sylhet gradually fell under British control and administration. It was governed as a part of Bengal. After the British administrative reorganization of India, Sylhet became a part of Assam. It remained a part of Assam for the rest of the era of British rule.

In 1947, after a referendum, almost all of Sylhet as a district became a part of East Bengal at the time and remained so after Bangladeshi independence. The Karimganj subdivision became part of the new Indian state of Assam. The referendum was held on 3 July 1947. There were a total of 546,815 votes cast on 239 polling stations. A majority of 43.8 per cent voted in favour of East Bengal. There were protests about false votes, but the referendum was acknowledged during India's independence on 18 July 1947. In 1971, Sylhet became part of the newly formed country of Bangladesh.

Barguna District

Barguna is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. It has a total area of 1831.31 km². It is bordered on the north by the districts of Jhalokati, Barisal, Pirojpur and Patuakhali. In the east, it borders Patuakhali District. On the south, Barguna is bounded by Patuakhali District, the Bay of Bengal. On the western side, it borders Pirojpur and Bagerhat districts. Important rivers of Barguna district include the Payra river, Bishkhali river and the Baleshwar river.

Barguna is divided into 6 upazilas: 


There are a total of 38 union parishads (union councils), 238 mouzas and 560 villages in these five upazilas. Barguna also has four municipalities containing 44 wards and 49 mahallas.

The largest city in the district is Barguna Town. It has a total area of 15.57 km² and is divided into 9 wards and 19 mohallas.

As of 2007, Barguna District has a population of 902,465, females constitute a majority of the population with a percentage of 50.12% while males constitute 49.88%. 91.01% of the people are Muslim, 8.69% Hindu, 0.04% Christian, 0.24% Buddhist, and 0.02% other.

Barisal District

Barishal is a district in southern Bangladesh. It is also the headquarters of Barishal Division.

Barishal was a semi-independent area in the Mughal period. Later it came under the control of British India. After British rule it was part of East Bengal (later East Pakistan) and finally, Bangladesh.

Barishal District is divided into the following Upazilas (formerly called Thanas): 

Bhola District

Bhola () is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is in the Barisal Division. It is also the largest offshore island region in Bangladesh, with an area of 3403.48 km². It is bordered by Lakshmipur and Barisal districts to the north. Bay of Bengal is to the south; Lakshmipur and Noakhali districts, Meghna (lower) river and Shahbazpur Channel are to the east. Patuakhali district and Tentulia river are to the west.

Bhola district comprises the following upazilas:



Jhalokati District

Jhalokati or Jhalokathi () is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division.

The district is administratively subdivided into 4 upazilas, these are:

Patuakhali District

Patuakhali is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. This district is called "SagorKonna", which means daughter of sea. It is watered by the Bay of Bengal.

There are 6 Upazilas/Thanas in this district. They are:

Agriculture is the profession of the most of the people. Fishing is also a prominent profession of this district. Thousands of boats go into the deep sea to fish and come back with tons of fish. Paddy, Jute, and different types of vegetables are the main product of agriculture sector.

Pirojpur District

Pirojpur () is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. Most of the land is low lying and the soil is fertile. There are small forests. The Pirojpur municipality was established in 1985. Nesarabad is famous for business centres and also for the Sundori tree (a kind of mangrove tree) that grows there.

Pirojpur district is divided into units, also known as "Thana"s : Pirojpur Sadar, Nesarabad, Mothbaria, Bhandaria, Zianagar, Nazirpur, Kawkhali. The subdivision of Pirojpur was created in 1866.

Divisions of Bangladesh

Bangladesh consists of a number of administrative areas called divisions ("bibhag"), each named after its respective capital.


Each division is further split into districts ("zila") which are then further sub-divided into Upazilas.

Following the Independence of Bangladesh of Bangladesh in 1971, the country inherited the four divisions of former East Pakistan: 


In 1983, the English spelling of the Dacca division (along with the name of the capital city) was changed to Dhaka to more closely match the Bangla pronunciation.

In 1993, Barisal division was off from Khulna. Barisal (Bengali: বরিশাল) is one of the eight administrative divisions of Bangladesh. Located in the south-central part of the country, it has an area of 13,644.85 km2 (5,268.31 sq mi), and a population of 8,325,666 at the 2011 Census. It is bounded by Dhaka Division on the north, the Bay of Bengal on the south, Chittagong Division on the east and Khulna Division on the west. The administrative capital, Barisal city, lies in the Ganges (Padma) River delta on an offshoot of the Arial Khan River (Kirtonkhola). Barisal division is criss-crossed by numerous rivers that earned it the nickname 'Dhan-Nodi-Khal, Ei tine Borishal' (rice, river and canal built Barisal).

Sylhet Division (Bengali: সিলেট) also known as Greater Sylhet or Sylhet region, is the northeastern division of Bangladesh, named after its main city, Sylhet. It is bordered by the Indian states of Meghalaya, Assam and Tripura to the north, east and south, respectively; and by the Bangladeshi divisions of Chittagong to the southwest, Dhaka and Mymensingh to the west.

Rangpur Division (Bengali: রংপুর) became Bangladesh's seventh division on January 25, 2010. Before that, it was the northern 8 districts of the Rajshahi Division. The Rangpur division has eight districts: Rangpur, Dinajpur, Kurigram, Gaibandha, Nilphamari, Panchagarh, Thakurgaon, and Lalmonirhat. There are 58 subdistricts under these eight districts. Rangpur is the northernmost division of Bangladesh. There were 15,665,000 people at the 2011 Census. The major cities of this new division are Rangpur and Dinajpur.

On 12 January 2015 prime minister Sheikh Hasina declared the establishment of a new Mymensingh Division (Bengali: ময়মনসিংহ). The intention was that this would carve six districts (those comprising the original Mymensingh district of 1787) out of the Dhaka Division. However, while four of the districts were eager about the establishment of new division, people of Tangail and Kishorgonj Districts wanted to remain part of Dhaka Division. On 14 September 2015 Mymensingh was officially announced as a division consisting of four districts. It has an area of 10,485 km² and a population of 11,370,000 as of the 2011 census. 

Districts of Bangladesh

There are 64 Districts of Bangladesh known as zilas (Bengali: জেলা "jela" - district). The districts are further subdivided into 493 sub-districts, or upazila (উপজেলা "upojela"). 

These 64 districts make up the eight divisions of Bangladesh, the districts are listed below in alphabetical order by division. The official English name of each district is followed by the official Bengali name (in brackets).







Backergunje

Backergunje, or Bakarganj was a former district of British India in the Dacca division of Eastern Bengal and Assam, and is now mostly in Bangladesh. In the year 1901, the population was 2,291,752. The district was mainly flat even country with areas of bamboo and betelnut trees, and was crossed by dark-coloured and sluggish streams. There was not a hill in the whole district.

The main rivers of the district were the Meghna, the Arial Khan and the Haringhata or Baleswar. The Haringhata, Baleswar, Madhumati and Garai are different names for the same river - people could travel throughout the district by boat.

There were small trading villages throughout the district, and each area had fairs to trade. The condition of the people was good, people had land and were able to grow rice to support their families, for this reason it was very hard to hire people for work.

Bandarban District

Bandarban (Bengali:বান্দরবান) is a district in South-Eastern Bangladesh, and a part of the Chittagong Division and the Chittagong Hill Tracts. Bandarban (meaning "the dam of monkeys") is also known as Arvumi or the Bohmong Circle (of the rest of the three hill districts Rangamati is the Chakma Circle and Khagrachari is the Mong Circle).

As part of British India the area became part of the Bohmong circle and had some independence. During World War II many soldiers arrived in the area to fight against the Japanese who were in nearby Burma. The tribes of these hills have always rebelled against those who have tried to rule them. When India, Pakistan and Burma became independent from Britain, the tribes of Bandarban flew the flag of Burma for a few days. During the Bangladesh War of 1971 which was fought to gain independence from Pakistan, leaders of the tribal people sought allegiance with Pakistan government.

In the late 1970s, Bengalis stated settling into the hills pursued, which later gave rise to much violence against the hill people and started a rebellion led by Shanti Bahini. 

Bod, Brașov

Bod is a commune in Brașov County, Romania. As of 1966, just over 4,000 people were living in Bod.

Calafat

Calafat is a city in Dolj County, Romania. It is near the Danube River. This is across from the Bulgarian city of Vidin. Calafat was started in the 14th century by Genoese colonists. About 21,200 people lived in Calafat, as of 2000.

Calafat is twinned with:

Dacia

The Roman province of Dacia was in the Balkans. It included Transylvania, Banat and Oltenia in the modern Romania, and Muntenia and southern Moldova. It did not include the nearby regions of Moesia.

It was a big district in Central Europe of the Roman Empire. The northern part of the border was made up of the Carpathians; the southern part of the border of Dacia was made up of the Danube River, and the western part of the border of Dacia was made up of the Tisza River. Along the borders many Roman strongpoints built. The Dacia district protected the Empire from foreign tribes of the north east side.

The place where Dacia once was is now made up of Romania and Moldova, along with some parts of Hungary, Bulgaria and Ukraine. The capital of Dacia was Sarmizegetusa. The name of Romania came probably from the idea of the former "Romans country".

Dacia was added to the Roman Empire in its earliest days by the Emperor Trajan. Despite its wealth, it was the first province from which Rome withdrew.

Gepids

The Gepids were an East Germanic Gothic tribe who became famous after defeating the Huns. The place where the Gepids lived was called Gepidia or Kingdom of the Gepids. The place where the Gepids used to live contained some of Romania, Hungary and Serbia.


Commander-in-Chief

A commander-in-chief is the commander of a nation's military forces. Some country's commander-in-chief does not need to have been a soldier or involved in the military. The term was first used by King Charles I of England in 1639. 

Commanders-in-Chief is sometimes referred to as Supreme Commander, which is sometimes used as a specific term.

The role of command in chief is done by the Governor-General of Australia as the Queen's representative.

The title Commander-in-Chief is rarely used by the King or Queen of England, but usually refers to local commanders-in-chief. 

After independence from Britain on August 15, 1947, each Service was given its own Chief Commander (navy, army, airforce).

Before 1979, the Shah was the commander-in-chief in Iran. After the creation of the Islamic Republic, the Supreme Leader of Iran has taken on the role.

In Ireland, the commander-in-chief of the army is the President.

In Pakistan, the President is by law the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, however the elected Prime Minister has the real power.

When Hong Kong was a British colony the Governor was also the Commander-in-Chief of Hong Kong.

Commander-in-chief is one of the many roles given to the president of the United States

Corbu, Harghita

Corbu is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. 

India Command

British India Command was the name given to the general staff of the Commander-in-Chief (shortened to C-in-C) of British India.

The Commander-in-Chief of India reported to the civilian Governor-General of India. Most of the C-in-C's staff were based at the General Headquarters India (GHQ India).

During World War II the C-in-C India was also responsible for Ceylon and the Burma Campaign. During this time Chinese and American units also came under the operational control of the India Command.


Governor-General of India

The Governor-General of India was the head of the British administration in British India. He was known as the Viceroy because he was the representative of the monarch, who for many years was Queen Victoria. 

The position was created in 1773, with the title of "Governor-General of the Presidency of Fort William". In the beginning the officer had direct control only over Fort William, but supervised other British East India Company officials in India. However in 1833 the Governor was given complete control over all of British India and from then on was known as the Governor-General of India.

Many parts of India were governed by the East India Company, which was supposed to be agents of the Mughal Emperor. 

After the Indian Rebellion of 1857 the East India Company was abolished and the lands it had overned in the Indian sub-continent ware put under the direct control of the government of Britain. The Governor-General headed the central Government of India in Calcutta and was responsible to the imperial government in London. The rest of the sub-continent was administered by a large number of princely rulers under the supreme authority of Britain. The Governor-General was commonly known as the Viceroy of India because of his secondary role as Britain's representative to these nominally independent princely states.

Although India and Pakistan became independent in 1947, Governors-General stayed on to represent the Monarch of Great Britain until each rewrote their laws to become republics. When Pakistan and India become independent in 1947 King George who had been before then been the Emperor of India became the King of both countries.

However when India became a republic in 1950 he was no longer king of that country, however he remained king of Pakistan until his death in 1952. After that Elizabeth become Queen until 1956 when Pakistan too became a republic.

Warren Hastings

Warren Hastings (December 7 1732 - August 22 1818) was the first Governor-General of India, from 1773 to 1785. He was born at Churchill, Oxfordshire. He attended Westminster School before joining the British East India Company in 1750 as a clerk. In 1757 he was made the British Resident (administrative in charge) of Murshidabad. He was appointed to the Calcutta council in 1761, but was back in England in 1764. He returned to India in 1769 as a part of the Madras council and was made governor of Bengal in 1772. In 1773, he was appointed the first Governor-General of India. 

For ten years Hastings managed to help expand British control across India that had been stated by Robert Clive. Some of his fellow Britons blamed him for not getting victory in the Second Anglo-Mysore War.

Hastings resigned in 1784 and returned to England, however when he arrived in England he was charged with corruption by Edmund Burke. Burke was encouraged by Sir Philip Francis who had been wounded by Hastings in a duel in India. The trial took seven years and Hastings was acquitted. 

On August 22 1806, the Edinburgh East India Club held a party to honour Hastings, asking for "Prosperity to our settlements in India".

The city of Hastings, New Zealand and the Melbourne outer suburb of Hastings, Victoria, Australia were both named after him.

Hastings is a Senior Wing House at St Paul's School, Darjeeling, India, where all the senior wing houses are named after colonial-age military figures.

Robert Clive

Robert Clive, 1st Baron Clive of Plassey, KB (29 September 1725 – 22 November 1774), also known as Clive of India, was a British soldier who established British control in Southern India and Bengal. Together with Warren Hastings he was one of the key figures in the creation of British India.

Robert Clive was born at Styche, the family estate, in the parish in Moreton Say, near Market Drayton, Shropshire. Teachers were unable to control the young Clive. He is said to have climbed the tower of St Mary's Parish Church in Market Drayton and sat on a gargoyle, frightening people down below. He also attempted to set up a protection racket enforced by a gang of youths. Faced with the choice of paying up or receiving a visit from Clive and his 'boys', many of Market Drayton's shopkeepers decided to pay. His bad behaviour resulted in him being expelled from three schools, including Market Drayton Grammar School. He also went to Clifton College School. He boarded there for 3 years. 

As an adult Clive worked for the British East India Company. In 1746 he joined the Company army and fought well against the French army in India. He led the winning army in the Battle of Plassey during the Seven Years War. He was the first governor of Bengal during 1757 to 1760 in India. He is sometimes called the founder of British empire in India.

The town of Clive, New Zealand was named after him. The name was given by John Curling.

Syed Hussain Bilgrami

Syed Hussain Bilgrami was an Indian teacher of Islamic studies and a poltician. Syed was born in the year 1844 in the town of Bihar and died in the year 1926 in the city of Hyderabad. Syed worked at Cunning College in Lucknow as an Arabic linguist from 1866-1873. In 1874, Syed became the secretary of Salar Jung until he died. While Syed was the secretary of Jung, he met with Queen Victoria and other British polticians. 

Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman

Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman (1889–1973) was an Pakistani Muslim politician. He was leader of the All India Muslim League in the United Provinces (now Uttar Pradesh). A strong supporter of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the Pakistan movement, Khaliquzzaman migrated to Pakistan in 1947.

Valea Mare, Covasna

Valea Mare (Hungarian: Nagypatak) is a commune in Covasna County, Romania. About 1,140 people lived in Valea Mare as of the year 2002.

Tobias

Tobias is a Greek form of the Hebrew name ""Tobijah"" from the Bible, meaning ""Jehovah [God] is good"". It is often used as a male given name in Germany, Scandinavia, the United States and among Jewish people. In countries that speak English it is often shortened to Toby. Other short forms are Tobi (English, Germany) and Tobbe (Sweden). It has also been a surname (last name). The pronunciation of the name is [ t"uh"-bahy-"uh"s ]. This name was ranked #277 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Several people are called Tobias in The Bible:






Flying disc

A flying disc is a round object with a flat shape and a thick rim. The rim helps with gripping and throwing the disc, and it also prevents it from flipping over while in the air. To throw the disc, the goal is to make it spin while it's in flight. 

There is another type of flying object called a flying ring, which is sold under the brand name Aerobie. Although they have different designs, both flying discs and flying rings rely on air resistance to fly.

Flying discs are used in two popular sports, Ultimate Frisbee and Disc Golf. The Frisbee brand of flying disc is not commonly used in official competitions for these sports. In fact, the team sport of Ultimate Frisbee is officially known as "Ultimate." However, the term "Frisbee" is still widely used to refer to any flying disc, just like "Kleenex" was once used to mean "facial tissue."

The Aerobie Superdisk is an alternative design of flying disc that, although somewhat differently shaped, still has very similar properties to the conventional disc. It has less air resistance. Because there is less resistance to motion, the Aerobie discs can fly farther than the conventional disc. The Aerobie flying ring has minimal drag and holds the world record for the longest flight by a human-thrown projectile. However, due to the lack of a rim, the Aerobie is less suited to angled, curved flights and air-bouncing.

The spin of the disc helps to keep the disc stable in flight and prevent unplanned tilting. This is because a large angular momentum stabilises the disc in the same way that it keeps a gyroscope steady, with the angular force forcing the mass of the disc away from the centre of mass, perpendicular to the axis of rotation. Any unequal force acting on a particular area of the disc is quickly redirected to be equal over the circumference of the disc.
As the disc spins faster, it becomes more stable due to the rapidity of the equalisation of forces.

The force required to accelerate the disc is directly proportional to the mass of the disc. This decreases the acceleration of the disc, assuming that the force of projection is constant. Therefore, discs come in a variety of weights, although those used for Ultimate are mainly 175 g in mass, heavier than the majority of discs and considerably heavier than an aerobie.

Flying discs (including Frisbees) can be thrown in many ways. All involve spinning the disc to give it gyroscopic stability, and accelerating its mass to a certain velocity. Without spin, a disc will wobble and fall; without velocity, the disc will not go anywhere. Using these two guidelines, any number of throws are possible. Most discs are designed to create lift when thrown with the flat side up.

Right-side up throws are all similar in that they react the same way to the tilt of the disc when it is released. A disc thrown right-side up will accelerate in the direction of the low end of the disc. A disc tilted leading-edge up will lose speed at the end of the throw and make a gentle landing; if tilted sideways (known in aeronautics terms as roll), it can curve around objects.

There is a language for describing throws that curve. Both descriptions are relative to the direction the person is facing and intends to throw. This axis is marked in "red" in the picture.


This is probably the most commonly learned throw, and also one of the most powerful. 





This throw is also known as the "flick," "two-finger," or the "side-arm". Focused in the wrist, this throw takes little time to execute. Along with the backhand, it is one of the two most common throws used in Ultimate.



The forehand is a versatile throw, and can be adapted to many different situations.




The Push Pass: A relatively little-used throw, it is thrown with a grip similar to a backhand (index finger on the outer rim of the disc, thumb on top, other fingers curled underneath) but is released on the forehand side from a forehand stance. A pronating wrist snap similar to a forehand release pushes the disc forward, while spin is imparted "backwards" by rolling the disc off the index finger. A final flick of the index finger finishes the release. It is difficult to impart as much spin to the push pass as one can typically impart to a forehand or backhand, resulting in a less stable throw. It is useful in Ultimate for very short throws released to the forehand side.

The thumber forehand is also known as a The Beach Thumber, Peach, or in the sport of guts, simply as a thumber. Its primary advantage is that it can be thrown quite hard and with a great amount of spin, and is relatively easy to learn. It is often seen used in a game of Guts due to its power and velocity. It is unpopular in Ultimate due to several disadvantages when compared to the standard forehand. It is relatively difficult to impart different curves or release angles to, it is harder to release extended away from the thrower's body, and it makes for slow grip transitions to a backhand or hammer.



The Overhand (also known as "Hungarian", "flamingo", "dragonwing", "windmill", "waffle", "discus", "wrist-hook", "chicken wing", or "biscuit") is rarely used among ultimate players, because the alternative, the traditional forehand, allows greater sideways arm extension, useful in moving the disc around defenders. The Overhand is most useful when the disc is caught above the head and must be thrown quickly without changing grips, such as during a Greatest attempt.



The Duck (also known as a "bear claw", a "duder," or a "useless") is thrown with a similar grip to the Overhand, except it is the backward version of it. While the Overhand is thrown with counter-clockwise spin (for right-handers), the duck is thrown with clockwise spin. It is usually thrown with the arm out to the side or above the head. It is called the duck due to the shape of the gripping hand during the throw, as if making a duck shadow puppet. This throw is used in attempts at The Greatest (jumping out of bounds and throwing the Frisbee back in to play while in the air).

A disc thrown upside-down has a very different flight path than one thrown right-side up. The lift force does not enforce stable flight as it does on a right-side up disc, resulting in a more of a parabolic arc in flight. As with a right-side up throw, however, the flight path of the disc will curve toward the lower edge. This banking effect is most pronounced when the disc is at a 45 degree angle, and less pronounced when it is near-vertical, or near-horizontal. 

Gyroscopic precession causes the disc to rotate toward horizontal through its flight path. Unlike a right-side up throw, however, an upside-down disc will not precess toward a stable flat state, and will in stead oscillate past horizontal and begin to bank in the opposite direction. This shuttlecock-like effect is known as "helixing", and is generally avoided due to the difficulty in controlling a helixing flight path. For this reason, an upside down throw is typically released with either clockwise rotation and the left edge up, or counterclockwise rotation and the right edge up. The longer the disc is expected to remain in the air, the closer to vertical it must be at release to avoid the helixing effect.

The Hammer is gripped just like a normal forehand throw, and is generally a mid-range, high and arching throw.



A hammer, when thrown by a right-handed thrower, will arc up and to the left as it moves away from the thrower, and will bank towards the right in flight. The banking effect will be more pronounced if the disc is thrown higher and spends more flight time near a 45 degree angle.

Another upside-down variant of the forehand, the scoober (also known as the "Spoon pass" or "Hiawatha") is similar to a hammer, but released away from the body from a backhand stance, instead of over the head from a forehand stance. The scoober travels in a path similar to the hammer, although the initial release is typically more flat than a hammer release. Although it is more difficult to impart power to a scoober than a hammer, a scoober can be an effective short-range (10 to 20 yards/meters) throw and is used in Ultimate for breaking the mark and to throw over defenders in a zone defense.


The Thumber (not to be confused with the "thumber forehand") is a throw that is rarely used in competitive play, compared to the Hammer or standard forehand. It has a flight path that is the mirror-image of the Hammer (arcing high and to the right for a right-handed thrower). It can be useful when the disc needs to drop quickly and fly with an opposite curve to a Hammer in order to avoid defenders.


This table represents the fundamental disc throws with classic technique in the foreword form, in fact exist many variations of throws and grips that make the number of pitches quite infinite. 

The "natural path" is the trajectory the disc takes without pre-release tilt.

The "hyzer path" is the trajectory the disc takes when the outside edge of the disc is tilted downward.

The "anhyzer path" is the trajectory the disc takes when the outside edge of the disc is tilted upward.

The "spin" is the rotation of the disc.

Every throw can be done with the right hand or the left hand and this is shown in the "hand" column.

RH=right hand, LH=left hand, R=the path tends to the right of the thrower, L=the path tends to the left of the thrower, 0 means that the path is quite linear.

So R with RH and L with LH are outside-in (OI) paths; R with LH and L with RH are inside-out (IO) paths.

In "spin" column numbers represent the sign of the angular momentum relative to the upside of the disc (+1=positive (counter-clockwise rotation), -1=negative (clockwise rotation)).

Throws may be signed as follows: hand acronym+throw acronym+tilt acronym. For example LHBHIO is an inside out backhand throw pitched with the left hand; RHFH0 is a linear forehand throw pitched with the right hand. To have linear paths the disc must be released with a light opposite tilt than his "natural path".


Iron Maiden (album)

Iron Maiden is the first album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. 
It was released on 11th April 1980. The main musical type of the album is heavy metal but some songs, like "Sanctuary" or "Running Free" are like punk rock music. Some fans feel that a song from this album, "Phantom Of The Opera" is the best song Iron Maiden have ever made.

People who were members of Iron Maiden when the album was made:


Awami League

The Bangladesh Awami League (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ আওয়ামী লীগ; also translated Bangladesh People's League) is the mainstream secular political party in Bangladesh. The party is now headed by Sheikh Hasina, the daughter of the late Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. The Awami League has been in government twice, about eight and a half years, since Bangladesh's independence in 1971.

Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami

Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami (or 'Jamaat' for short) is the largest Islamic political party in Bangladesh. It is also one of the largest Islamic parties in South Asia, the party was formed when Bengal was part of British India.

":See Jamaat-e-Islami Hind"

":See: Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan"

In 1947 East Bengal became part of Pakistan (East Pakistan) - and the Jamaat-e-Islami was divided into separate Indian and Pakistani parties. The Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh originates from the East Pakistani party. The Jamaat were against Bangladesh becoming independent from Pakistan as they thought it was against Islam. However the Jamaat were unable to stop Bangladesh becoming independent of Pakistan.

Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami was banned after independence of Bangladesh. Jamaat was banned in Bangladesh due to its opposite stand against independent Bangladesh during independence war. Jamaat wished to see united Pakistan. After independence of Bangladesh, the top leaders of Jamaat moved to West Pakistan where Jamaat-e-Islami was born. Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the first president of Bangladesh, also cancelled the citizenship of Golam Azam, the leader of Jamaat. Azam then moved to London, and some other leaders moved to the Middle East. However Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was assassinated in 1975 and army chief Ziaur Rahman seized power. Rahman allowed the Jamaat to be a political party again. Rahman also allowed Azam to return to Bangladesh as the leader of Jamaat.

Jatiyo Gano Front

The Jatiyo Gano Front (National People's Front) is a left-wing political group in Bangladesh. The JGF used to be part of the Workers Party of Bangladesh but split from them in 1995. The JGF is led by Tipu Biswas.

Azad Pakistan Party

The Azad Pakistan Party is a left-wing Pakistani party founded by Mian Iftikharuddin. He is an ex-member of the Indian Congress who went on to join the Muslim League that created Pakistan.

Insaf Party

The Insaf Party (Justice Party), was a Muslim political party. It was founded by Syed Shahabuddin in 1989 as a split from the Janata Party - it formed as a protest against the alliance between V.P. Singh and the right wing Bharatiya Janata Party. When the V.P. Singh government fell in 1990, the IP stopped being a party. 

Apna Dal

The Apna Dal is a political party in India. Most of the people who support are from the Kurmi caste. Its main base is in central Uttar Pradesh. Apna Dal is led by Sone Lal Patel.

Ambedkar National Congress

The Ambedkar National Congress is a National Political Party registered on 04/04/2002 and headquartered at Door No:8-3-323, Ambedkar Bhavan, Ameerpet X Roads, Ameerpet, Hyderabad 500073, Telangana India. 

The party works for the rights of Backward Cast, Schedule Cast, Schedule Tribes, Dalits , and Minority communities in bringing equality opportunities to every citizen of India. Mr. Mohammed Kazam Ali Khan is the founder and President of the ANC.

Harold Arthur Deane

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Harold Arthur Deane (1854-1908) was an administrator in British India. Deane served as the first Political Agent of the Malakand in 1895 and also as the first Chief Commissioner of the when the province was created on 9th November 1901.

Pakistani English

Pakistani English is the type of the English Language as it is spoken in Pakistan. It is recognised as one of the official languages of the country.

Although British rule in South Asia lasted for almost two hundred years, the areas that are now Pakistan were some of the last places to be taken over by the British. Punjab (which included the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province) was captured in 1849, Sindh a few years before; while Balochistan was never fully taken over by the British. This meant that English had less time to become part of local culture. However, in 1947, when Pakistan became independent, English (along with Urdu) became Pakistan's official language - this was written into law in 1973.

Pakistani English has many similarities with Indian English, but since Independence there have been some very obvious differences. These include words and phrases not used in India, as well as accents. Foreign companies find accent naturalisation easier in Pakistan than in India. However, like Indian English, Pakistani English has preserved many phrases that are now considered old in Britain.

English is one of Pakistan's official languages. All government documents, military communications, street signs, many shop signs, business contracts and other activities are in English. The language of the courts is also English.
English is taught to all school level Pakistani students, and in many cases English is also the language used to teach the students other subjects. At the college and university level all instruction is in English.
Pakistan has a large English language press and (more recently) media. All of Pakistan's major dailies are published in or have an edition in English. Dawn News is a major English language news channel.

Since English in Pakistan is a well-established and popular, expanding language, people there read and write in it too. Pakistani English literature is increasingly making its mark worldwide. A list of English language writers from Pakistan is given here, listing some of the better known literary figures.

Joanne Woodward

Joanne Gignilliat Trimmier Woodward (born February 27, 1930) is an American actress. She has won an Academy Award, Golden Globe Awards, Emmy Awards and a Cannes award. She is the widow of Paul Newman, who was also an actor. Woodward is also a television and theatrical producer.

Woodward was born in Thomasville, Georgia. Her middle names, "Gignilliat Trimmier", are of Huguenot origin.

She wanted to become an actress because of her mother's love of movies. Her mother named her for Joan Crawford, using the Southern pronunciation of the name – "Joanne". She went to the premiere of "Gone with the Wind" in Atlanta, when she was nine years old. During the parade of stars, she ran over and sat on the lap of Laurence Olivier. He was the romantic partner of a star in the movie, Vivien Leigh. The couple later married.

Woodward lived in Thomasville until she was in the second grade, when her family moved to Marietta, Georgia. They moved once again when she was a junior in high school, after her parents divorced. She graduated from Greenville High School in Greenville, South Carolina in 1947.

Woodward won many beauty contests as a teenager. She appeared in theatrical productions at Greenville High and in Greenville's Little Theatre. She played a major role in "The Glass Menagerie", directed by Robert Hemphill McLane at the Little Theatre. She returned to Greenville in 1976, to play a starring role in another Little Theatre production of "The Glass Menagerie". She had first returned in 1955 for the premiére of her first movie, "Count Three And Pray", at the Paris Theatre on North Main Street. Woodward majored in drama at Louisiana State University. She then moved to New York City to perform on the stage.

In 2007, Woodward was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.


ESPN Integration

ESPN Integration is an agreement between ESPN and Electronic Arts to put various ESPN features in their games. The first game to feature ESPN Integration was "MVP 06 NCAA Baseball". The features that have so far appeared include a streaming ticker at the bottom of the screen with real up to date sports scores, just as it appears on the ESPN channel. This ticker does not just crawl during menus and load screens but also in actual gameplay. Another feature is the ability to listen to sports updates from ESPN Radio, and a third feature is being able to read the top 40 sports stories from ESPN.com. 


The Number of the Beast

The Number of the Beast is the third album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. It was released on 22 March 1982. It was the band's first album that Bruce Dickinson sang for. "The Number of the Beast" made Iron Maiden famous worldwide. The songs in the album have many different subjects, such as war, history and films. The album had two singles: "Run to the Hills" and "The Number of the Beast". The album was number one on the UK Albums music chart. It also went into the top 40 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.

People who were in Iron Maiden when the album was recorded.


Some religious groups in the United States said that the members of Iron Maiden are Satanists and that the album promotes Satanism to listeners. Some people even burned copies of "The Number of the Beast". Bruce Dickinson said it is not true.

Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol. I

Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol. I is a 2008 karaoke album by Beyoncé.


The Pink Panther (2006 movie)

The Pink Panther is a 2006 American comedy movie. It is an adaptation of the Pink Panther movie series. In this movie, Inspector Jacques Clouseau (Steve Martin) is assigned to solve the murder of a famous soccer coach and the theft of the famous Pink Panther diamond.

This movie also stars Kevin Kline, Beyoncé Knowles, and Jean Reno.

This movie has a sequel, "The Pink Panther 2".



Carmen: A Hip Hopera

Carmen: A Hip Hopera is an 2001 musical movie produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend. The movie stars Beyoncé Knowles, Mos Def, Rah Digga, Wyclef Jean, Mekhi Phifer, Da Brat, Joy Bryant, Jermaine Dupri and Lil' Bow Wow. It is based upon Georges Bizet's opera, "Carmen", set in Philadelphia and Los Angeles in modern times, and features a mostly original hip-hop/R&B score in place of Bizet's opera.

The movie received mainly negative reviews. To date, it is the second major attempt at an African-American adaptation of the opera, the first being the 1943 Broadway musical "Carmen Jones" and its 1954 Academy Award nominated and box office hit movie adaptation.


Mister Rogers' Neighborhood

Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, or just Mister Rogers, is an American children's television series that was created and hosted by Fred Rogers. "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" was produced by Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA public broadcaster WQED and Rogers' non-profit production company Family Communications, Inc. (named Small World Enterprises until 1971). It is the longest running series on PBS. The show is currently seen in reruns on many PBS stations. An animated spinoff called "Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood" started airing in 2012.

The program starred Fred Rogers, David Newell as Mr. McFeely, Betty Aberlin as Lady Aberlin, Don Brockett as Chef Brockett, François Clemmons as Officer Clemmons, Bob Trow as Bob Dog and Joe Negri as Handyman Negri.


Dorothy Bush Koch

Dorothy Walker Bush Koch, often called "Doro," (born August 18, 1959), is the daughter of the 41st President of the United States George H. W. Bush and former First Lady of the United States Barbara Bush. Her siblings are George W. Bush, the 43rd President, Jeb Bush, former Governor of Florida, Neil Bush, Marvin Bush, and the late Robin Bush, who died of leukemia in 1953.

Albert Rosellini

Albert Dean Rosellini (born January 21, 1910 in Tacoma, Washington; died October 10, 2011 in Seattle, Washington) was a lawyer from the U.S. state of Washington. Rosellini was part of the Democratic Party and was the Governor of Washington (1957–1965) for two terms.

Rosellini died of pneumonia. At the time of his death, he was the oldest living person to have been a governor of a U.S. state, having lived longer than any other State Governor in US history, and was the first Italian American Catholic to become a governor of a state west of the Mississippi River. He was called "Taxellini" by people who did not think he was doing a good job as a governor, while he was called "The Gov." by people who did think he was doing a good job.

Walter Mondale

Walter Frederick "Fritz" Mondale (January 5, 1928 – April 19, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the 42nd vice president of the United States from 1977 to 1981 under Jimmy Carter. Before becoming vice president, he was a United States senator from Minnesota from 1964 to 1976. He was also the attorney general of Minnesota from 1960 to 1964 and the 24th U.S. ambassador to Japan from 1993 to 1996 under Bill Clinton.

Mondale was the Democratic Party nominee for president in 1984. His vice presidential nominee, Geraldine Ferraro, was the first woman to be nominated. He only got a majority of votes in Minnesota and Washington, D.C. He lost to President Ronald Reagan in the other 49 states.

Mondale was the first vice president to have an office. He made the role of pice President more important than it once was, by having weekly meetings with President Carter.

Mondale died on April 19, 2021, in his sleep at his Minneapolis home at the age of 93. The cause of death was natural causes.


Miep Gies

Miep Gies, née Hermine Santrouschitz (born 15 February 1909; died 11 January 2010), was one of the Dutch citizens who hid Anne Frank and her family from the Nazis during World War II. She found and kept Anne's diary after Anne Frank was found and sent away by the Nazis. Although Gies did not read the diary (as she gave it to Otto Frank immediately after recovering it from the annex and thought it would be rude to read), it has become very successful worldwide.

'I stand at the end of the long, long line of good Dutch people who did what I did or more – much more – during those dark and terrible times years ago, but always like yesterday in the hearts of those of us who bear witness. Never a day goes by that I do not think of what happened then.', Miep Gies stated on her own website.

Lists of settlements in England

These two pages comprise the lists of cities and towns in England:

The following are pages that contain the lists of places in each county in England, by county:



List of settlements in Avon

This is a list of settlements in the county of Avon, England, by letter:

Abbots Leigh -
Abson -
Acton Turville -
Aldwick -
Almondsbury -
Alveston -
Arnos Vale -
Ashley Down -
Ashton -
Ashton Gate -
Aust -
Avonmouth

Backwell -
Badminton -
Bannerdown -
Banwell -
Baptist Mills -
Barrow Gurney -
Barrs Court -
Barton -
Barton Hill -
Bath -
Bathampton -
Batheaston -
Bathford -
Bathwick -
Beach -
Bedminster -
Bedminster Down -
Benter -
Binegar -
Bishop Sutton -
Bishopston -
Bishopsworth -
Bitton -
Blagdon -
Bleadon -
Bourton -
Bradley Stoke -
Brentry -
Bridgeyate -
Brislington -
Bristol -
Brockley -
Burrington -
Butcombe

Cameley -
Camerton -
Carlingcott -
Charlcombe -
Charmy Down -
Charterhouse -
Chelvey -
Chelwood -
Chew Magna -
Chew Stoke -
Chewton Keynsham -
Chewton Mendip -
Chilcompton -
Chipping Sodbury -
Chittening -
Churchill -
Clandown -
Clapton -
Clapton in Gordano -
Claverham -
Claverton -
Claverton Down -
Clay Hill -
Cleeve -
Clevedon -
Clifton -
Clifton Wood -
Clutton -
Coalpit Heath -
Codrington -
Coleford -
Combe Down -
Combe Hay -
Compton Dando -
Compton Martin -
Congresbury -
Coombe Dingle -
Corston -
Cotham -
Cowhill

Didmarton -
Dodington -
Downend -
Doynton -
Dundry -
Dunkerton -
Dunkirk -
Durdham Park

Earthcott Green -
East Clevedon -
East Harptree -
East Hewish -
East Rolstone -
Easter Compton -
Eastertown -
Easton -
Easton in Gordano -
Eastville -
Edford -
Edingworth -
Elberton -
Elborough -
Emborough -
Emersons Green -
Englishcombe

Failand -
Farleigh -
Farleigh Hungerford -
Farmborough -
Farrington Gurney -
Faulkland -
Felton -
Filton -
Fishponds -
Flax Bourton -
Foxcote, Somerset\Foxcote -
Frampton Cotterell -
Frenchay -
Freshford

Gaunts Earthcott -
Greenbank -
Grovesend -
Gurney Slade

Hallatrow -
Hallen -
Hambrook -
Hamswell -
Hanham -
Hawkesbury -
Hawkesbury Common -
Hawkesbury Upton -
Haydon -
Hemington -
Henbury -
Henfield -
Hengrove -
Henleaze -
Hewish -
High Littleton -
Hinton Blewett -
Hinton Charterhouse -
Holcombe -
Horfield -
Horton -
Hotwells -
Hunstrete -
Hutton

Inglesbatch -
Inglestone Common -
Ingst -
Iron Acton -
Itchington -
Iwood

Kelston -
Kelston Mills -
Kendleshire -
Kenn -
Kewstoke -
Keynsham -
Kilmersdon -
Kingsdown -
Kingston Bridge -
Kingston Seymour -
Kingswood -
Kington -
Knap -
Knowle

Langford -
Langridge -
Lansdown -
Larkhall -
Laverton -
Lawrence Hill -
Lawrence Weston -
Leigh upon Mendip -
Leigh Woods -
Limpley Stoke -
Little Badminton -
Little Sodbury -
Little Stoke -
Littleton -
Littleton-upon-Severn -
Litton -
Locking -
Long Ashton -
Longwell Green -
Lower Claverham -
Lower Failand -
Lower Hamswell -
Lower Hazel -
Lower Hounsley -
Lower Morton -
Lower Shockerwick -
Lower Vobster -
Lower Weston -
Lulsgate -
Lympsham

Mangotsfield -
Marksbury -
Midford -
Midsomer Norton -
Milton -
Monkton Combe -
Montpelier

Nailsea -
Nailwell -
Nempnett Thrubwell -
New Cheltenham -
Newton -
Newton St Loe -
North End -
North Stoke -
North Widcombe -
Northend -
Northville -
Northwick -
Norton Hawkfield -
Norton Malreward -
Norton St Philip -
Nye

Oakhill -
Old Down -
Old Sodbury -
Oldbury Naite -
Oldbury-on-Severn -
Oldland Common -
Olveston

Patchway -
Paulton -
Peasedown St John -
Pensford -
Petty France -
Pill -
Pilning -
Portbury -
Portishead -
Priston -
Publow -
Pucklechurch -
Pylle Hill

Queen Charlton

Radstock -
Rangeworthy -
Redcliffe -
Redfield -
Redhill -
Redland -
Regil -
Rickford -
Rowberrow -
Rudgeway

Saltford -
Sandford -
Sea Mills -
Severn Beach -
Severn Bridge -
Shipham -
Shirehampton -
Shortwood -
Shoscombe -
Sneyd Park -
Snowhill -
Soundwell -
Southdown -
Southmead -
Southstoke -
Southville -
Speedwell -
St Agnes -
St Andrews -
St Annes -
St Annes Park -
St Augustines -
St Catherine -
St George -
St Georges -
St James -
St Judes -
St Pauls -
St Philips -
St Philips Marsh -
St Werburghs -
Stanton Drew -
Stanton Prior -
Stanton Wick -
Staple Hill -
Stapleton -
Star -
Stockwood -
Stoke Bishop -
Stoke Gifford -
Stoke St Michael -
Ston Easton -
Stoney Littleton -
Stratton-on-the-Fosse -
Swainswick -
Swineford

Tadwick -
Tellisford -
Temple Cloud -
Temple Meads -
Thornbury -
Tickenham -
Timsbury -
Tockington -
Tormarton -
Totterdown -
Tunley -
Twerton -
Tyndalls Park -
Tyntesfield

Upper Shockerwick -
Upper Stanton -
Upper Strode -
Upper Swainswick -
Upper Vobster -
Upton Cheyney

Walton Bay -
Walton in Gordano -
Warleigh -
Warmley -
Way Wick -
Wellow -
West Harptree -
West Hewish -
West Hill -
West Town -
West Wick -
Westbury Park -
Westbury-on-Trym -
Westerleigh -
Weston -
Weston in Gordano -
Weston-super-Mare -
Whitchurch -
Whitehall -
Whiteway -
Wick, Somerset -
Wick St Lawrence -
Widcombe -
Willsbridge -
Wilmington -
Winford -
Winscombe -
Winterbourne -
Winterbourne Down -
Withyditch -
Woollard -
Woolley -
Woolverton -
Worle -
Worlebury -
Wraxall -
Wrington -
Writhlington

Yate -
Yatton

List of settlements in Bedfordshire

The following is a list of all the towns and villages in the county of Bedfordshire, by letter:

"See also List of places within Luton."
Aley Green -
Ampthill -
Arlesey -
Aspley Guise -
Aspley Heath -
Astwick

Barton-le-Clay -
Battlesden -
Beadlow - 
Bedford -
Beeston - 
Begwary -
Biddenham - 
Bidwell -
Biggleswade -
Billington -
Bletsoe - 
Blunham -
Bolnhurst - 
Bourne End -
Briar Bank Park -
Brickhill (Bedford) -
Briggington -
Brogborough - 
Bromham -
Broom -
Budna

Caddington -
Campton -
Cardington -
Carlton -
Castle - 
Cauldwell - 
Chalgrave -
Chalton -
Chawston -
Chellington -
Chicksands -
Chiltern Green -
Clapham -
Clifton -
Clipstone -
Clophill -
Cockayne Hatley -
Colesden -
Colmworth -
Cople -
Cotton End -
Cranfield

Dean -
De Parys -
Dunstable -
Dunton

East Hyde -
Eastcotts -
Eaton Bray -
Edworth -
Eggington -
Elstow -
Eversholt -
Everton -
Eyeworth

Farndish -
Felmersham and Radwell -
Flitton -
Flitwick

Goldington -
Gravenhurst -
Great Barford -
Great Billington -
Great Denham -
Greenfield

Harlington -
Harpur -
Harrold -
Harrowden -
Hatch -
Haynes -
Heath and Reach -
Henlow -
Henlow Camp -
Higham Gobion -
Hinwick -
Hockliffe -
Hockwell Ring -
Holwell -
Honeydon -
Houghton Conquest -
Houghton Regis -
Hulcote -
Hundred of Willey -
Husbourne Crawley -
Hyde

Ickwell -
Ickwell Green -
Ireland

Kempston -
Kempston Hardwick -
Kensworth -
Keysoe -
Kingsbrook -
Knotting

Langford -
Leagrave -
Leedon -
Leighton Buzzard -
Lidlington -
Limbury Cum Biscuit -
Linslade -
Little Barford -
Little Billington -
Little Staughton -
Lower Caldecote -
Lower Gravenhurst -
Lower Stondon -
Lower Sundon -
Lower Woodside -
Luton

Marston Moretaine -
Maulden -
Melchbourne -
Meppershall -
Millbrook -
Milton Bryan -
Milton Ernest -
Moggerhanger

Newnham -
Northill

Oakley -
Odell -
Old Warden

Pavenham -
Pepperstock -
Pertenhall -
Pine View Park -
Podington -
Potsgrove -
Potton -
Pulloxhill -
Putnoe

Queens Park

Radwell -
Ravensden -
Renhold -
Ridgmont -
Riseley -
Roxton

Salford -
Sandy -
Seddington -
Sewell -
Sharnbrook -
Sharpenhoe -
Shefford -
Shefford Hardwick -
Shelton -
Shillington -
Shortstown -
Silsoe -
Skimpot -
Slip End -
Souldrop -
Southcote -
Southill -
Stagsden -
Stanbridge -
Stanford -
Steppingley -
Stevington -
Stewartby -
Stopsley -
Stotfold -
Streatley -
Studham -
Sundon -
Sutton -
Swineshead

Tebworth -
Tempsford -
The Hyde -
Thorn -
Thurleigh -
Tilsworth -
Tingrith -
Toddington -
Totternhoe -
Turvey

Upper Caldecote -
Upper Gravenhurst -
Upper Stondon -
Upper Sundon

Westoning -
Wharley End -
Whipsnade -
Wilden -
Willington -
Wilshamstead -
Wilstead -
Wingfield -
Woburn -
Wood End -
Woodside -
Wootton -
Wrestlingworth -
Wyboston -
Wymington

Yielden

List of settlements in Berkshire

This is a list of places in the county of Berkshire, in England, by letter:

Aldermaston - 
Aldermaston Wharf - 
Aldworth - 
Arborfield - 
Arborfield and Newland - 
Arborfield Cross - 
Arborfield Garrison - 
Ascot, Berkshire - 
Ashampstead - 
Ashampstead Common - 
Ashford Hill - 
Ashmansworth - 
Ashmore Green - 
Aston, Berkshire - 
Avington

Bagnor - 
Ball Hill - 
Barkham - 
Basildon, Berkshire - 
Beansheaf Farm - 
Beech Hill - 
Beedon - 
Beedon Common - 
Beenham - 
Benham Hill - 
Benham Valence - 
Billingbear - 
Binfield - 
Birch Hill - 
Bisham - 
Bloomfield Hatch - 
Boveney - 
Boxford, Berkshire - 
Boyn Hill - 
Bracknell - 
Bracknell Forest - 
Bradfield, Berkshire - 
Bray Wick - 
Bray, Berkshire - 
Brightwalton - 
Brightwalton Green - 
Brimpton - 
Brimpton Common - 
Britwell - 
Broadmoor - 
Brock Hill - 
Brookside, Berkshire - 
Bucklebury - 
Bullbrook - 
Bulmershe Court - 
Burchett's Green - 
Burchetts Green - 
Burghclere - 
Burghfield - 
Burghfield Bridge - 
Burghfield Common - 
Burghfield Hill - 
Burghfield Lock - 
Burleigh, Berkshire - 
Burnt Hill

Calcot, Berkshire - 
Caleys - 
California, Berkshire - 
Catmore - 
Caversham Heights - 
Caversham Park - 
Caversham, Berkshire - 
Chaddleworth - 
Chalvey - 
Chapel Row - 
Charvil - 
Chavey Down - 
Chazey Heath - 
Cheapside, Berkshire - 
Checkendon - 
Chieveley - 
Chilton - 
Chilton Foliat - 
Cholsey - 
Cippenham - 
Clewer - 
Cockpole Green - 
Cold Ash - 
Cold Ash, Berkshire - 
Coley Park - 
Coley, Berkshire - 
College Town - 
College Town, Berkshire - 
Colnbrook - 
Colthrop - 
Combe, Berkshire - 
Compton, Berkshire - 
Cookham - 
Cookham Dean - 
Cox Green, Berkshire - 
Cranbourne, Berkshire - 
Crazies Hill - 
Crockham Heath - 
Crookham Common - 
Crookham, Berkshire - 
Crosfields School - 
Crown Wood - 
Crowthorne - 
Crux Easton - 
Curridge

Datchet - 
Dedworth - 
Denford Park - 
Donnington, Berkshire - 
Dorney - 
Downend, Berkshire - 
Dunsden

Earley - 
East End - 
East Garston - 
East Ilsley - 
East Shefford - 
East Woodhay - 
Eastbury, Berkshire - 
Easthampstead - 
Easthampstead Park - 
Easton - 
Ecchinswell - 
Eddington - 
Elcot - 
Eling Hermitage - 
Emmbrook, Berkshire - 
Emmer Green - 
Enborne - 
Enborne Row - 
Englefield, Berkshire - 
Eton College - 
Eton Wick - 
Eton, Berkshire

Farley Hill, Berkshire - 
Farley Wood - 
Farnborough, Berkshire - 
Farnham Common - 
Farnham Royal - 
Fawley, Berkshire - 
Fifield, Berkshire - 
Finchampstead - 
Fords Farm - 
Foxhill House - 
Frilsham - 
Fulmer

Gallowstree Common - 
Gardeners Green - 
George Green - 
Goddard's Green, Berkshire - 
Goring - 
Goring Heath - 
Grazeley - 
Grazeley Green - 
Great Shefford - 
Greenham

Halfway, Berkshire - 
Hampstead Norreys - 
Hamstead Marshall - 
Hanworth, Bracknell - 
Hare Hatch - 
Harmans Water - 
Harris Garden - 
Hawthorn Hill, Berkshire - 
Hayley Green - 
Headley - 
Heads Hill - 
Heath End - 
Hedgerley - 
Hell Corner - 
Henwick - 
Hermitage, Berkshire - 
Highclere - 
Hoe Benham - 
Holme Green - 
Holybrook - 
Holyport - 
Home Park, Bracknell - 
Honey Bottom - 
Horncastle, Berkshire - 
Horton, Berkshire - 
Hungerford - 
Hungerford Newtown - 
Hungerford Park - 
Hunts Green - 
Hurley, Berkshire - 
Hurst, Berkshire - 
Hyde End, Berkshire

Inkpen -
Inkpen Common

Jealott's Hill

Kidmore End - 
Kiln Green - 
Kintbury - 
Kintbury Holt - 
Knowl Hill - 
Knowl Hill, Berkshire

Lambourn - 
Lambourn Woodlands - 
Lambrook Haileybury - 
Lands End - 
Langley, Slough - 
Lawrence Hill, Bracknell Forest - 
Leckhampstead Thicket - 
Leckhampstead, Berkshire - 
Leverton - 
Leverton (Hungerford) - 
Little Heath, Berkshire - 
Little Sandhurst - 
Littlecote - 
Littlewick Green - 
Lower Basildon - 
Lower Denford - 
Lower Earley - 
Lower Padworth

Maidenhead - 
Maidens Green - 
Marlston Hermitage - 
Marsh Benham - 
Martins Heron - 
Midgham - 
Midgham Green - 
Mortimer Common - 
Mortimer West End - 
Mortimer, Berkshire - 
Moss End - 
Moulsford

Newbury, Berkshire - 
Newell Green - 
Newtown - 
North Ascot - 
North End - 
North Standen - 
Nuptown

Oakley Green - 
Oare, Berkshire - 
Odney - 
Old Burghclere - 
Old Windsor - 
Owlsmoor - 
Ownham

Padworth - 
Padworth Common - 
Paley Street - 
Pangbourne - 
Peasemore - 
Pingewood - 
Pinkneys Green - 
Playhatch - 
Popeswood - 
Poyle - 
Priestwood - 
Purley-on-Thames

Quelm Park

Radley - 
Ravenswood, Berkshire - 
Reading, Berkshire - 
Remenham - 
Riseley, Berkshire - 
Ruscombe - 
Ryeish Green

Salters Steamers - 
Sandford - 
Sandhurst - 
Shaw-cum-Donnington - 
Shaw, Berkshire - 
Sheffield Bottom - 
Shefford Woodlands - 
Shinfield - 
Shottesbrooke - 
Shurlock Row - 
Silchester - 
Sindlesham - 
Slough - 
Snelsmore - 
Snelsmore Common - 
Sonning - 
Sonning Common - 
Sonning Eye - 
South Ascot - 
South Fawley - 
South Stoke - 
Southcote, Berkshire - 
Southend, Berkshire - 
Speen, Berkshire - 
Speenhamland - 
Spencers Wood - 
Stanford Dingley - 
Stanmore - 
Stanmore, Berkshire - 
Stockcross - 
Stoke Poges - 
Stratfield Mortimer - 
Stratfield Saye - 
Streatley, Berkshire - 
Stubbings - 
Sulham - 
Sulhamstead - 
Sulhamstead Abbots - 
Sunningdale - 
Sunninghill, Berkshire - 
Swallowfield - 
Swinley Forest - 
Taplow - 
Temple Park - 
Thatcham - 
The Warren, Bracknell Forest - 
Theale, Berkshire - 
Three Mile Cross - 
Tidmarsh - 
Tidmarsh with Sulham - 
Tilehurst - 
Touchen End - 
Tutts Clump - 
Twyford, Berkshire

Ufton Green - 
Ufton Nervet - 
Upper Basildon - 
Upper Bucklebury - 
Upper Culham - 
Upper Denford - 
Upper Eddington - 
Upper Lambourn - 
Upper Woolhampton - 
Upton, Slough

Walbury Hill - 
Waltham St Lawrence - 
Waltham St. Lawrence - 
Warfield - 
Warfield Park - 
Wargrave - 
Warren Row - 
Wash Common - 
Wash Water - 
Wasing - 
Water Oakley - 
Welford Park - 
Welford, Berkshire - 
West Ilsley - 
West Woodhay - 
Westbrook - 
Weston, Berkshire - 
Wexham - 
Whistley Green - 
White Waltham - 
Whitegrove - 
Whitley Wood - 
Whitley, Berkshire - 
Wick Hill, Bracknell - 
Wickham Heath - 
Wickham, Berkshire - 
Wildridings - 
Windsor, Berkshire - 
Winkfield - 
Winkfield Row - 
Winkfield Street - 
Winnersh - 
Winterbourne, Berkshire - 
Wokefield - 
Wokefield Green - 
Wokefield Park - 
Wokingham - 
Wokingham Without - 
Woodcote - 
Wooden Hill - 
Woodlands St Mary - 
Woodley - 
Woodside, Berkshire - 
Woodspeen - 
Woolhampton - 
Woosehill - 
World's End, Berkshire - 
Wraysbury

Yattendon

Maidenhead (disambiguation)

Maidenhead can be:




Windsor

Windsor can be any of the following:











List of settlements in Buckinghamshire

The following is a list of places in the county of Buckinghamshire, in England, by letter:

Addingrove, Addington, Adstock, Akeley, Alscot, Amersham, Ascott, Ashendon, Asheridge, Ashley Green, Askett, Aston Abbotts, Aston Clinton, Aston Mullins, Aston Sandford, Astwood, Aylesbury

Baker's Wood, Ballinger, Ballinger Bottom, Barley End, Barton Hartshorn, Beachampton, Beacon Hill, Beacon's Bottom, Beaconsfield, Beamond End, Bedgrove, Bellingdon, Bennett End, Berghers Hill, Bernwood Forest, Biddlesden, Bierton, Bishopstone,Black Park, Bledlow, Bledlow Ridge, Boarstall, Boarstall Duck Decoy, Bockmer End, Booker, Botley, Botolph Claydon, Bourne End, Bourton, Bovingdon Green, Boycott, Bradenham, Brill, Broughton near Aylesbury, Broughton Crossing, Broughton, Milton Keynes, Buckingham, Buckland, Buckland Common, Bulstrode Park, Burcott near Bierton, Burcott near Wing, Burnham, Burston, Butlers Cross

Cadmore, Cadsden, Caldicot, California, Calvert, Calverton, Chackmore, Chalfont Common, Chalfont St Giles, Chalfont St Peter, Chalkshire, Charndon, Chartridge, Chearsley, Cheddington, Chenies,Chepping Wycombe, Chesham, Chesham Bois, Chess Valley, Chetwode, Chiltern scarp, Chilton, Chivery, Cholesbury, Clifton Reynes, Cold Brayfield, Coldmoorholme, Coleshill, Cooks Wharf, Coombe, Coombe Hill, Cores End, Crafton, Creslow, Cryers Hill, Cublington, Cuddington

Dadford, Dagnall, Denham, Dinton, Dorney, Dorton, Downley, Drayton Beauchamp, Drayton Parslow, Dunsmore, Dunton

Easington, East Claydon, Edgcott, Edlesborough, Egypt, Ellesborough, Elmhurst, Emberton Country Park, Eythrope

Fairford Leys, Farnham Common, Farnham Royal, Fawley, Fawley Bottom, Fern, Filgrave, Fingest, Flackwell Heath, Fleet Marston, Ford, Forty Green, Foscot, Four Ashes, Frieth, Fulbrook, Fulmer

Gawcott, Gayhurst, George Green, Gerrards Cross, Gibraltar, Granborough, Great Brickhill, Great Hampden, Great Horwood, Great Kimble, Great Kingshill, Great Marlow, Great Missenden, Green Hailey, Grendon Underwood, Grove

Haddenham, Halton, Halton Camp, Hambleden, Hampden Row, Handy Cross, Hardmead, Hardwick, Hartwell, Haversham, Hawridge, Haydon Hill, Hazlemere, Heath End, Hedgerley, Hedsor, High Wycombe, Hillesden, Hitcham, Hoggeston, Hogshaw, Holmer Green, Honeyburge, Horsenden, Horton near Ivinghoe, Hughenden, Hughenden Valley, Hulcott, Hundridge, Hyde End, Hyde Heath

Ibstone, Ickford, Ilmer, Iver, Iver Heath, Ivinghoe, Ivinghoe Aston, Ivinghoe Beacon

Jordans

Kents Hill, Monkston and Brinklow, Kimble Wick, Great Kimble, Little Kimble Kingsey, Kingswood, Knotty Green

Lacey Green, Lamport, Lane End, Latimer, Lavendon, Leckhampstead, Ledborough, Ledburn, Lenborough, The Lee, Lee Clump, Ley Hill, Lillingstone Dayrell, Lillingstone Lovell, Little Britain, Little Chalfont, Little Hampden, Little Horwood, Little Kimble, Little Kingshill, Little London near Brill, Little London near Oakley, Little London near Wendover, Little Marlow, Little Meadle, Little Missenden, Littleworth, Long Crendon, Long Street, Longwick, Loosley Row, Loudwater, Lower Bacombe, Lower Cadsden, Lower Pollicott, Lower Weald, Lower Winchendon, Ludgershall, Luffield Abbey, Lye Green

Maids Moreton, Marlow, Marlow Bottom, Marsh, Marsh Gibbon, Marsworth, Meadle, Medmenham, Mentmore, Middle Claydon, Middlegreen, Middleton, Middle Weald, Mill End, Mop End, Monks Risborough, Moulsoe, Mursley

Naphill, Nash, Nash Lee, Nether Winchendon, New Zealand, Newton Blossomville, Newton Longville, North Lee, North Marston, Northall

Oakley, Orchard Leigh, Oving, Owlswick

Padbury, Pednor, Parmoor, Pednor, Penn, Penn Street, Petsoe End, Piddington, Pitchcott, Pitstone, Pond Park, Poundon, Preston Bissett, Prestwood, Princes Risborough

Quainton, Quarrendon (estate), Quarrendon (village), Queens Park

Radclive, Radnage, Ringshall, Rowsham

St Leonards, Saunderton, Sedrup, Seer Green, Shabbington, Shalstone, Sheepridge, Sherington, Shipton Lee, Shredding Green, Shipton Brook, Singleborough, Skittle Green, Slapton, Soulbury, Southcourt, Southend, Speen, Spurlands End, Steeple Claydon, Stewkley, Stoke Goldington, Stoke Hammond, Stoke Mandeville, Stoke Poges, Stokenchurch, Stone, Stowe, Swanbourne

Taplow, Tathall End, Terrick, Thornborough, Thorney, Thornton, Tingewick, Turnfurlong, Turville, Turweston, Twyford, Tylers Green, Tyler's Hill

Upper Bacombe, Upper Cadsden, Upper Pollicott, Upper Weald, Upper Winchendon, Upton

Verney Junction

Waddesdon, Waldridge, Walters Ash, Walton, Walton Court, Water Stratford, Watermead, Waterside, Weedon, Well End, Wendover, West Wycombe, Westbury, Westcott, Westlington, Weston Turville, Wexham, Whaddon, Whelpley Hill, Wheeler End, Whelpley Hill, Whitchurch, Whiteleaf, Widmer End, Widmoor, Winchbottom, Winchmore Hill, Wing, Wingrave, Winslow, Wooburn, Wooburn Green, Woodham, World's End, Worminghall, Wormstone, Wotton Underwood

Gumby

Gumby is a dark green clay figure. He was in 233 episodes on American television series. He was also in a feature-length movie and other media. He has become well known as an example of stop motion clay animation. He has become a cultural icon. There have been many tributes and parodies, including a video game and toys. Gumby Adventures aired on PBS Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network and Galavision

Gumby was started by Art Clokey in 1953. The first 'episode' was a 3-minute short called "Gumbasia". It showed moving lumps of clay set to music, and parodied "Fantasia". In 1955, Art showed Gumbasia to movie producer Sam Engel, who then paid him for a 15-minute movie called "Gumby Goes to the Moon". 

Gumby was given his own NBC series in 1957. Female actress' voiced Gumby. New episodes were added in 1962, and Dallas McKennon became the voice of Gumby.

Gumby's main sidekick is Pokey, a talking orange pony. His enemies are the Blockheads. They are a pair of human-like, red-colored figures with block-shaped heads. The Blockheads were inspired by the Katzenjammer Kids, who were always getting into scrapes and causing discomfort to others. Other characters are Gumby's dog Nopey. All he says is "nope". There is also Prickle, a yellow dinosaur who sometimes acts like a detective with pipe and hat like Sherlock Holmes. Also on the series are Goo, a flying blue mermaid who spits blue goo balls and can change shape at will; Gumby's mother Gumba and father Gumbo. The later series in 1988 added Gumby's sister Minga and mastodon friend Denali.




"The Adventures of Gumby" had 22 bonus episodes and 16 episodes with commentary.




Gumby Bumpers in 2 minutes is released in January 4, 1980 starring Gumby, Pokey and cameo appearance of Blue Mermaid Goo.

Was released on February 13, 1982. It is 6 minutes long.

In 1967 version, an episode of Gumby Train Trouble is released in January 7, 1967 starring Gumby and first appearance of Nopey. This episode in 1967 is the version of 1958.


Hubble Ultra-Deep Field

The Hubble Ultra Deep Field, or HUDF, is an image of a small part of space in the direction of the constellation Fornax. 

It took more than 3 months to capture this image, from September 24, 2003 to January 16, 2004. It is the furthest image of the universe ever taken by humans. In it we see the universe as it was 13 billion years ago, when it was about 800 million years old.

The HUDF contains an about 10,000 galaxies. The patch of sky where the galaxies are was chosen because it has few bright stars in the near-field. Although most of the targets visible in the Hubble image can also be seen at infrared wavelengths by ground-based telescopes, Hubble is the only instrument which can make observations of these distant targets at visible wavelengths. 

Southwest of Orion in the Southern-Hemisphere constellation Fornax at right ascension 3h 32m 40.0s, declination -27° 47' 29" (J2000), the image covers 36.7 square arcminutes. This is smaller than a square of paper held away, and equal to roughly one thirteen-millionth of the total area of the sky. The image is such that the upper left corner points toward north (-46.4°) on the celestial sphere. The star near the center of the field is USNO-A2.0 0600-01400432 with apparent magnitude of 18.95.

In total, the image required 800 exposures taken over the course of 400 Hubble orbits around Earth. The total amount of exposure time was 11.3 days for the ACS and 4.5 days for the NICMOS.

On September 25, 2012, NASA released a more refined version of the Ultra-Deep Field called the eXtreme Deep Field (XDF). The XDF reveals galaxies that span back 13.2 billion years in time, revealing a galaxy theorized to be formed only 450 million years after the big bang event. On June 3, 2014, NASA released the Hubble Ultra-Deep Field image composed of, for the first time, the full range of ultraviolet to near-infrared light.

On January 23, 2019, the Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias released an even deeper version of the infrared images of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field obtained with the WFC3 instrument, named the ABYSS Hubble Ultra Deep Field. The new images improve the previous reduction of the WFC3/IR images, including careful sky background subtraction around the largest galaxies on the field of view. After this update, some galaxies were found to be almost twice as big as previously measured.


Konstantin Tsiolkovsky

Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovsky (;
19 September 1935) was a Russian who pioneered spaceflight. His works later inspired Soviet rocket engineers such as Sergei Korolev and Valentin Glushko.

Konstantin Tsiolkovsky was born on at Izhevskoye, Ryazan Governorate, Russian Empire.

When he was 10, he had scarlet fever; because of that he had some problems with hearing. When he was 13, his mother died.

Due to the hearing problems, he was not admitted to the school, so he had to study by himself. He passed much of his time by reading books. Later, he became interested in mathematics and physics. As a teenager, he began to believe that space travel would possible.

Tsiolkovsky spent three years attending a Moscow library, where Russian cosmism proponent (who supports the library) Nikolai Fyodorov worked. He later believed that living in space would make the human race immortal.


Brisbane Broncos

The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Brisbane, Queensland. They were founded in 1987. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won six premierships, most recently in 2006.

Kuril Islands dispute

The Kuril Islands dispute is a territorial disagreeent between Japan and Russia over the Kuril Islands. The Japanese government is asking for the restoration of Etorofu island, Habomai islands, Kunashiri island, and the Shikotan island which are under the control of Russia since 1945, after Japan lost World War Two. 


Okinotorishima

Okinotorishima is one of the Pacific Ocean islands known as Ogasawara, Tokyo.

Japan claims the waters around the island as an Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ); but this is disputed by China.

The Japanese government identifies Okinotori as Japan's southernmost island. It is 1,700 kilometres south of central Tokyo.

Okinotori is at a militarily strategic point. It is midway between Taiwan and Guam.

Yahatanishi-ku, Kitakyūshū

Yahata Nishi-ku is one of the wards in Kitakyūshū. It is the most populous of seven wards in Kitakyūshū. The ward has about 200,000 people living in it.

Wards of Japan

In Japan, a ward (Japanese: 区, Ku) is one of the divisions of a large city. 



Dreamgirls

Dreamgirls is a musical. Tom Eyen wrote the book and lyrics. Henry Krieger wrote the music. The musical was loosely based upon The Supremes, The Shirelles, and other all-girl groups. 

The musical premiered on Broadway at the Imperial Theatre on 20 December 1981. It closed on 11 August 1985 after 1,521 performances. It was released as a feature-length movie in 2006.

Cities designated by government ordinance of Japan

, also known as a or , is a defined class or category of Japanese cities. It is a local administrative division created by the national government. These cities all have a population over 500,000 people. 

The designated cites or ordinance cities were created because of the Local Autonomy Law of Japan. Each city does many of the things normally done by prefectures.

Cities designated by government ordinance recognized starting in 1956. There are 20+ of these cities, including




Robbery

A robbery is the act of stealing from a person using violence or by causing fear of violence. A person who commits robbery is known as a robber.

A person who steals without using violence or fear (such as stealing items from a store, or pickpocketing, or car theft), commits theft, not robbery.

In some US states, however, Simple Robbery refers to the knowing procurement of an item or items belonging to another by force but without “aggravating factors” such as violence or weapons.



United States Atomic Energy Commission

The United States Atomic Energy Commission was an agency of the United States government, started after World War II by the United States Congress. It was made to help the development of atomic science and technology. This was because the control of atomic energy was transferred from the military to the people after president Harry S. Truman signed the McMahon/Atomic Energy Act in 1946. Congress then declared that atomic energy should be used for peace, not nuclear war.


History of Vilnius

Vilnius is the capital of Lithuania.

Historians tend to identify the city with Voruta, a legendary capital of Mindaugas who was crowned in 1253 as King of Lithuania. The city was first mentioned in written sources in 1323, in letters of Grand Duke Gediminas that were sent to German cities and invited Germans and members of the Jewish community to settle in the capital city. In 1387, the city was granted city rights by Jogaila, one of Gediminas' successors.

Between 1503 and 1522 the walls were built to protect the city, and at the time it had nine city gates and three towers. Vilnius reached the peak of its development under the reign of Sigismund August, who moved his court there in 1544. In the following centuries, Vilnius became a constantly growing and developing city. This growth was due in part to the establishment of Almae Academia et Universitas Vilnensis Societatis Jesu by the King Stephen Bathory in 1579. The university soon developed into one of the most important scientific and cultural centres of the region and the most notable scientific centre of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Political, economic, and social activities were in full swing in the town. In 1769, the Rasos Cemetery, one of the oldest surviving cemeteries in the city, was founded. During its rapid development, the city was open to migrants from both abroad and far reaches of territories of Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Each group made its unique contribution to the life of the city, and crafts, trade and science prospered. During the Russo-Polish War (1654–1667), Vilnius was occupied by Russia for several years. The city was pillaged and burned, and its population was massacred. The city's growth lost its momentum for many years, but the population rebounded, and by the beginning of the 19th century city's population reached 20,000, making the city one of the largest in Northern Europe.
After the Third Partition of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 15 April 1795, Vilnius was annexed by Russian Empire and became the capital of a Vilna Governorate. During the Russian occupation the city walls were destroyed, and by 1805, only the Dawn Gate remained. In 1812, the city was seized by Napoleon on his push towards Moscow. Following the November Uprising in 1831, Vilnius University was closed and Russian repressions damaged the development of the city. During the January Uprising in 1863 heavy fighting occurred within the city, but was brutally pacified by Mikhail Muravyov, by the population because of the number of executions he organized. After the uprising, all civil liberties were withdrawn, and use of the Polish and Lithuanian languages was banned. in early 20th century Lithuanian speaking population constituted only a small minority then, with Polish, Yiddish, and Russian speakers being most of the population of the city. 
During World War I, Vilnius – as with the rest of Lithuania – was occupied by the German Empire from 1915 until 1918. The "Act of Independence of Lithuania", that restored Lithuanian independence from any affiliation to any other nation was proclaimed in the city on February 16 1918. After the withdrawal of German forces, Lithuanian forces were forced to retreat by advancing Russian occupation forces. Vilnius changed hands many times: for a while it was controlled by Polish self-defence units, who didn't want the city to be occupied by Russian-Bolshevik forces. Then the Polish Army regained control, then Soviet forces again. Shortly after its defeat in the Battle of Warsaw (1920), the retreating Red Army ceded the city back to Lithuania by signing a peace treaty on July 12, 1920. On October 9 of the same year, the Polish Army under General Lucjan Żeligowski broke the treaty and seized Vilnius after a staged coup. The city and its surroundings were proclaimed as the separate state of Central Lithuania. On February 20 1922 after an elections, the whole area was attached to Poland, with the city as the capital of the Wilno Voivodship (Wilno being the name of Vilnius in Polish). The predominant languages of the city were still Polish and, to a lesser extent, Yiddish.

Carl Reiner

Carl Reiner (March 20, 1922 – April 12, 2022) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, producer, writer, voice artist, and comedian. He won nine Emmy Awards and one Grammy Award during his career. Reiner's most significant voice role is Sarmoti from "Father of the Pride".

Reiner was born in the Bronx, New York on March 20, 1922, the son of Irving, who was a watchmaker, and Bessie (née Mathias) Reiner. His parents were Jewish immigrants, his father from Romania and his mother from Austria.

Reiner self-identified as a Jewish atheist.

He was married to Estelle Reiner (née Lebost, 1914-2008). They had three children together: actor-director Rob Reiner (born 1947), writer Annie Reiner (born 1957) and actor-director Lucas Reiner (born 1960).

Reiner died on April 12, 2022 of natural causes at his home in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 100.








Your Show of Shows

Your Show of Shows was a 90-minute long comedy television series appearing weekly in the United States on NBC, from 1950 until June 5, 1954. The main people of the show were Sid Caesar and Imogene Coca. Other people who appeared were Carl Reiner, Howard Morris, Nanette Fabray, Bill Hayes, Judy Johnson, The Hamilton Trio and the soprano Marguerite Piazza. José Ferrer also appeared on the show sometimes, as a guest.

Writers for the show included Mel Brooks, Neil Simon, Danny Simon, Larry Gelbart, Mel Tolkin, and Carl Reiner who, though a cast member, always sat in with the writers. Although it is not true, some people think that Woody Allen wrote for "Your Show of Shows". He did, however, write for "Caesar's Hour", which ran from 1954 to 1957.


Donnie Darko

Donnie Darko is a 2001 American psychological supernatural drama thriller movie. It was written and directed by Richard Kelly. It is set in Middlesex, Virginia in 1988.

The movie did not earn much money when it was first shown in theaters, but it became much more popular when it came out on DVD.

A sequel, called "S. Darko", was released in 2009.



Richard Widmark

Richard Widmark (December 26, 1914 – March 24, 2008) was an American actor of movies, stage, radio and television. He is best known for his role as Tommy Udo in his first movie, "Kiss of Death". Characters played by Widmark were often tough.



Virgin Atlantic Airways

Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd. (known as Virgin Atlantic) is an airline that is based in the United Kingdom. Virgin Atlantic is owned by 2 companies, Virgin Group and Delta Air Lines. Virgin Atlantic goes from its main hubs at London Heathrow Airport and London Gatwick Airport to many places like the USA, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and Australia. More than 75% of Virgin Atlantic's flights go/come to London Heathrow Airport. The rest mostly fly from London Gatwick Airport, Manchester Airport or Glasgow Airport. Virgin flies to 31 cities. These are either in Africa, Asia, Europe, the United States or the Caribbean. 

It was founded by British businessman Sir Richard Branson in the 1980s.
Virgin Atlantic has partners. Here is a list of them:

Virgin Atlantic owns 10 Airbus A330 11 Airbus A340 planes, 10 Boeing 747-400 planes and 5 Boeing 787 planes. It also has an order for 6 Airbus A380 planes but were later cancelled and replaced by an order for 12 Airbus A350-1000 planes, another order is for 8 Boeing 787 planes.

Virgin Atlantic used to have some other aircraft too. It used to own 5 Airbus A320s, 3 Airbus A321s, 1 Boeing 747-100, 22 Boeing 747-200s and 4 Vickers Viscounts. Virgin Atlantic's first plane was a Boeing 747-200. 

Virgin Atlantic uses three different classes on their planes: Economy, Premium Economy and Upper Class. 

Economy class is the standard class on Virgin Atlantic aircraft. It is the cheapest part of the plane to travel in. Passengers usually get a free meal, some drinks and a bag with gifts in like a toothbrush. The seats in this class have a maximum pitch of 31 in, but this depends on what plane the passenger goes in.

Passengers that use Premium Economy have their own check-in area. They get to get on the plane before Economy passengers and a drink before the flight. They get a better seat and a special cabin crew. The seat it wider and more distance from the seat in front of it.

In November 2006, Virgin made a new seat. It is wider than the old one and has a plug for laptops. It is being put on all planes and now, all Airbus A340s and all Boeing 747s that fly from London Heathrow Airport have the new seats.

Upper Class is the name for Virgin Atlantic's business class. They do not have a first class service. Virgin says the seats are the biggest lie flat beds on any business class (it is 202 cm long and 84 cm wide), but Air Canada and Singapore Airlines have said this too. The seats have plugs for laptops and iPods.
Upper Class passengers can also have their own chauffeur, drive-thru check-in, their own security points at some airports, access to the Virgin Clubhouse (a special VIP area, with a bar and seats), a larger menu for in-flight meals and a bar that passengers can stand up or sit down at in flight.

All the seats on all the aircraft have screens in the back of the seats to provide entertainment for passengers. Most planes have a newer system where the passengers can choose what they want to watch called V:Port. Older systems called "Odyssey" and "Super Nova" just offer different channels for the passengers to pick from. The screens on the older systems are also smaller. Virgin was among the first airlines to have games on its personal screens. 



Paramedic

A paramedic is a health care professional who works for Emergency Medical Services (EMS),usually on an Ambulance. They help people who have been injured or become ill very suddenly.

Paramedics can do many different things to decide what the problem is and to treat the patient at the scene. If it is needed, they then take the person to a hospital in the ambulance. They try to prevent the person's illness from getting worse before they reach the hospital, where doctors and nurses will take over care. Paramedics have to work in many different types of emergency situations, and cannot predict what the next one will be.

People often use the term "paramedic" for anyone who works on an ambulance. However, not all ambulances have paramedic on board. "Emergency Medical Technicians" (EMTs) or "Emergency Care Assistants" (ECAs) do similar work but have less training. Some ambulances also have doctors and nurses. In many countries, the title of "paramedic" is for those who have taken a specific training course.



Artemis Fowl (novel)

Artemis Fowl is a book written by Eoin Colfer. It is the first book in the "Artemis Fowl" series. One of the main characters is Artemis Fowl II, trying to get gold from a group of fairies.

Some of the main characters are:


Artemis kidnaps Holly to try and get gold from the fairies. He succeeds because she does not have any magic as she has used it all. The fairies then put a time stop on Artemis' manor, to control the time for eight hours so they can get Holly back. As the negotiations fail, the fairies attack, but Artemis and Butler beat the fairies. The fairies send in Mulch, who discovers the reason Artemis knows about the fairies. They then send in a troll, which very nearly kills Butler and severely injures Holly. Luckily, Holly has got her magic back, so she can heal them both. After the troll episode, the fairies finally decide to give Artemis the gold, planning to kill him later so they can take the gold back. Artemis however escapes the time stop. At the end of the book, Artemis has given half the gold back so Holly heals his mother Angeline, who was sick.

The book received a good review by reviewers. A movie adaptation was released on Disney+ on June 12, 2020.

Anaconda

The Anaconda or green anaconda ("Eunectes murinus") is one of the largest snakes in the world.

It is a non-venomous boa species from South America. It is the thickest, heaviest, and second longest known living snake (behind the reticulated python). The term "anaconda" usually means this species.

The anaconda is also called the water boa. It lives in swampy areas of tropical South America. The snake spends a lot of time in shallow water. This hides it from unsuspecting prey. Anacondas give birth to live young. Twenty to forty baby snakes are born at one time. The largest specimens measured long and weighed 

All snakes are carnivores (meat-eaters). Anaconda eat 4 to 5 times each year. This is because it takes them 3 to 4 months to digest their food. Anacondas normally hunt at night. Anacondas kill by constricting (squeezing) the prey until it can no longer breathe. They may also drown their prey. Like all snakes, they swallow the prey whole. They swallow it head first. The anaconda's top and bottom jaws are attached to each other with stretchy ligaments/b This lets let the snake swallow animals wider than itself. Snakes do not chew their food. They digest it with strong acids in their stomach. Anacondas eat pigs, deer, caiman (a type of crocodilia), birds, fish, rodents (like the capybara and agouti) and other animals. After eating a large animal, the anaconda does not needs food for a long time/ It will rest for weeks after eating. The young (called neonates) can care for themselves soon after birth. This includes hunting. At this age, they are mostly defenseless against large predators. They eat small rodents (like rats and mice), baby birds, frogs and small fish.

There are four species in the genus "Eunectes":

Luise Rainer

Luise Rainer (January 12, 1910 – December 30, 2014) was a two-time Academy Award-winning German-born Austrian-American movie actress. She was the first person to win two Academy Awards in a row. The first was for her role as Anna Held in "The Great Ziegfeld", and the second was for her role as a Chinese farmer in "The Good Earth".

Rainer was born in Duesseldorf and was Jewish.

Rainer died from pneumonia in her home in London, England, aged 104.


Ice Road Truckers

Ice Road Truckers is a Canadian-American documentary-style reality television series that first appeared on television on The History Channel on June 17, 2007 (first season). The show follows the activities of truck drivers which operate on routes that contain frozen lakes and rivers in the remote Arctic territories of Canada and Alaska.


American Music Awards

The American Music Awards show is a major American music awards shows (the others are the Billboard Music Awards, the Grammy Awards, and the Country Music Association Awards). Michael Jackson has won 26 awards. This is more American Music Awards than anyone else has won.


Iggy Pop

James Newell Osterberg, Jr. (born April 21, 1947), better known by his stage name Iggy Pop, is an American rock singer, songwriter, and sometimes an actor. He has released five albums with The Stooges. In 1977 he released his first solo album.

Sniper

A sniper is a person who is trained to shoot perfectly at things that are very small or very far away. The sniper's target is usually an enemy. Many military snipers get special training to use a sniper rifle, a special type of gun. Most sniper rifles have a telescope called a sniper scope to help the sniper see the target. Snipers are also trained to be stealthy. Snipers hide or use military camouflage such as a ghillie suit that looks like (and may include some of) the surrounding foliage so that it is hard for the enemy to see them. A sniper is also called a "marksman".

Experienced hunters often share many of the skills that long range shooters need to know. The two jobs are very similar. The word "sniper" came from Britain when highly accurate shooters would hunt–also known as "snipe"–birds that were very hard to see and shoot.

Many police departments have snipers on their SWAT teams. Because police snipers do not always perform the same tasks as military snipers, police snipers are sometimes known as "marksmen".

Snipers shoot targets that are far away. Because the bullet shot by a sniper has to travel a very long distance, the sniper has to be very careful when taking aim. There are three main things that have an effect on the accuracy of the shot. The sniper must plan for these things.

The bullets used by snipers are usually heavy. They are powered by a large amount of gunpowder. This makes the bullet travel very fast. The heaviness makes the bullet less affected by wind. The speed makes the bullet less affected by gravity. A fast bullet reaches a target quicker, before it has time for gravity to affect it. Large fast bullets do more damage to the target than lighter or slower bullets.

Most soldiers are trained so that they can shoot a target that is between to away and hit it with approximately half their shots. Very well trained soldiers, such as the U.S. Marine Corps, can hit a target that is between to away, with approximately half of their shots. A sniper is trained to be able to hit a target over , or half a mile away with almost every single shot. Some snipers are so accurate that they can shoot something out of a person's hand, but they usually aim for the target's head or chest. These areas are harder to miss, and are more likely to disable the target.

A sniper uses a special kind of rifle called a sniper rifle. This rifle is much more accurate than normal rifles. Almost all sniper rifles use a Sniper scope, a special telescope that allows them to see targets very far away. There are two different kinds of sniper rifles: bolt action rifles, which fire a single shot and then must be readied for the next shot, and semi-automatic ("semi-auto") rifles which fire a single shot each time the trigger is pulled.

Typically, bolt-action rifles have a longer range and are more accurate than semi-automatic rifles, however the rate of fire is slower than a semi-automatic rifle, which fires as fast as the shooter can squeeze the trigger. At close ranges, or where a shooter must make a quick follow-up shot, a sniper may prefer to use a semi-automatic rifle instead.
A magazine is used on semi automatic rifles and most bolt action rifles. Magazines hold more shots in the gun and make it much faster to ready the next shot.

Snipers usually wear camouflage clothing, to avoid being seen. Camouflage works by hiding the outline and shape of the human body, so that it is not easily seen. Camouflage does not work very well when the person wearing it is moving because the eye sees movement much better than shapes or colors. Snipers often paint their faces green or black to make them shine less, and blend in with the surroundings. Sometimes snipers wear special camouflage suits, called ghillie suits. Ghillie suits are made of shredded burlap or yute and often have plants attached to them. Snipers will often make several different ghillie suits to help them hide in different kinds of terrain. These suits are very effective at hiding the sniper. Often a sniper can be invisible to an enemy standing right next to him.

Police snipers generally do not need camouflage, because their main job is to make accurate shots, not to hide from the criminal. Sometimes police need to hide, so police snipers are trained in hiding techniques.

Military snipers are chosen for their intelligence, their good sight and their ability to shoot very well. They are trained to use their sight very well. They are trained to see the enemy from far away, and to notice small movements that might show that enemies are near. They are also trained to hide themselves. Snipers use these skills to destroy enemy troops. Snipers generally work in a small unit (or team) of just two people, a sniper and a spotter. The spotter finds targets for the sniper with a telescope. If the sniper misses the target, then the spotter also helps the sniper adjust the next shot so it hits the target. The spotter also protects the sniper from enemies at close range.

Snipers are often used as scouts for the army because they can easily hide themselves from the enemy, even when they are close. They use the sniper scope on their rifles to see farther than most soldiers are able to see. Snipers are often able to notice details and remember information that ordinary soldiers would not. When a sniper is in a team with a spotter, it is usually the spotter's job to use a radio to speak with other military units. The team can report on the enemy position and enemy movements.

In World War I (WWI), there were no special sniper rifles. Instead, snipers used normal rifles with a sniper scope mounted on them.

In World War II, snipers were common. They were an important part of the fighting. Every squad of the Soviet army included sniper or a 'marksman'. Camouflage tactics were developed during this time. Snipers were very useful during the Battle of Stalingrad. One Russian sniper was said to have killed over 240 German troops. Even that wasn't the best. Mihail Surkov killed 702 enemy troops and Semen Nomokonov killed 367 by sniping, including a general.

Police departments train and use snipers. These snipers mainly serve on the SWAT team for their department. Often they are called upon to provide security at special events, or to make sure that other snipers do not murder someone. This job is called counter-sniping. Most police snipers are trained by the military.

Some snipers are famous for having killed hundreds of enemy soldiers. One such sniper is U.S. Marine Corps sniper Carlos Hathcock, who was famous in the Vietnam War for wearing a white feather in his hat. Other snipers are famous for being able to kill an enemy from very far away. Carlos Hathcock held the record for the furthest distance kill for a very long time – his farthest was over . However, in the Afghanistan War, snipers from the Canadian Army broke the record with a shot of . Other snipers are known for difficult shots. For example, Matt Hughes had to make a shot in very high winds by aiming over to the left of the enemy. An example of a famous sniper in WWII is Vasily Zaytsev. He supposedly killed 225 enemy soldiers during the Battle of Stalingrad.

Simo Häyhä (the White Death,bielaja smjert) has more documented kills than any other sniper in history.

Snipers are often used in video games as elite soldiers. Getting a headshot with a sniper rifle is thought of as a hard skill to learn. In some movies, assassins use sniper rifles; examples include "Phone Booth" and "Vantage Point". Sometimes snipers have a bad reputation in the media; for example, in October 2002 two men went on a month long killing spree using a Sniper rifle in the Virginia and Maryland area.



Joe D'Amato

Aristide Massaccesi (15 December 1936 – 23 January 1999), known as Joe D'Amato, was an Italian movie director.

Sniper rifle

A sniper rifle is a type of gun used to accurately shoot targets a long distance away. A person who uses a sniper rifle in the military is called a sniper. 

A sniper rifle is much more accurate than a normal rifle. Almost all sniper rifles use a sniper scope, a special telescope that allows them to see targets very far away. There are two different kinds of sniper rifles: bolt action rifles, which fire a single shot and then the user must ready the next shot, and semi-automatic ("semi-auto") rifles which fire a single shot each time the trigger is pulled, and automatically ready the next shot for firing. Fully automatic rifles, which fire continuously when the trigger is pulled as long as there is ammunition, generally are not used though in rare instances they can be converted into a sniper rifle. In one such instance, a heavy machine gun with a scope, while not a true sniper rifle, set the record for longest kill by a sniper for years, until advances in rifle technology and sniper training allowed a sniper with a true sniper rifle to beat that record.

Typically, bolt-action rifles have a longer range and are more accurate than semi-automatic rifles, however because each round must be chambered by hand, the rate of fire is slower than a semi-automatic rifle, which fires as fast as the shooter can squeeze the trigger. At close ranges, or in situations where a shooter must make a quick follow-up shot, a sniper may prefer to use the semi-automatic rifle instead. Examples of bolt action sniper rifles are the M40, R700, and M24. Examples of semi-automatic ones are the M21, Dragunov, and the M82 Barret .50 caliber.

Sniper rifles range in caliber (the diameter, or width, of the bullet fired in fractions of an inch) from as small as with the .22 LR (long rifle) bullet fired by many small pistols, to as large as with the .50 Browning Machine Gun (BMG) bullet which is fired by vehicle mounted heavy machine guns. Smaller rounds like the .22 LR are often used at very close range with a sound suppressor (commonly called a silencer) to quickly and quietly break street lights or kill vermin and small animals. The round is generally too weak and has too short of a range for longer range work, or shots on human-sized targets. In contrast, large rounds like the .50 BMG are fired out of very large and heavy sniper rifles that are often used for destroying light vehicles and equipment. They can fire at extreme ranges of over a mile, but generally are too bulky, inaccurate at short ranges, and expensive for general purpose work. 

Sniper rifle barrels must be cleaned every day to get rid of any liquid. Not cleaning the barrel can allow to disastrous situations, or even let the barrel explode upon firing.

On 7 October 1777, during the Battle of Saratoga, Timothy Murphy, a rifleman in Morgan's Kentucky Riflemen, shot and killed General Simon Fraser of the British army. Murphy was said to have taken the shot at roughly 500 yards. He was using the renowned Kentucky long rifle. Fraser was leading a recon in force against the rebellious colonists at Bemis Heights in New York. As a result of Fraser's death, the recon failed. This had a direct impact on the overall battle, leading to the British defeat. The Battle of Saratoga was considered one of the turning points of the War for Independence. 

Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot and killed from the bullet of the Remington .30-06 rifle. Another example is when John F. Kennedy was assassinated. He was sniped by a Carcano-type Model 91-38 rifle.

Harry Power

Harry Power (18 May 1819 – 11 October 1891) was born as Henry Johnson in Waterford, Ireland on 18 May 1819. He was a famous Australian bushranger. He is believed to be the man who taught Ned Kelly how to be a bushranger. 

Power was sent to Van Diemen's Land for seven years for stealing a bridle and a saddle. Released in 1848 he moved to Victoria where he set up a horse selling business in Geelong. 

During the gold rush Power went to Maryborough in central Victoria to search for gold. When two policemen tried to arrest him for horse stealing in March 1855, he shot one of them. He was captured and sentenced to prison for 13 years. He was able to escape from HM Prison Pentridge in 1862 and moved to northern Victoria where he met the Kelly, Quinn and Lloyd families. In 1864 he was captured near Beechworth and sent back to prison. He escaped from Pentridge again on 19 February 1869. 

Ned Kelly, who was 13 years old, helped him with several robberies near Beechworth. Power then carried out more than 600 robberies by himself during the year. He had a hideout in a cave looking out over the King River which is still called Power's Lookout. The police offered a reward of ₤500 for his capture. Ned Kelly's uncle, James Quinn, told the police the location of the cave and Power was again caught and sent back to prison.

He was released in 1877 because of concerns for his health. He worked on a farm near Sunbury. In his old age he acted as a guide on a ship set up as a convict museum. In November 1891 he was found drowned in the Murray River, near Swan Hill.

Bahrain, Pakistan

Behrain/Bahrain is a popular hill station in Swat District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Galyat

The Galyat region is an area roughly 50–80 km north-east of Islamabad, Pakistan, on both sides of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa-Punjab border. The word "Galyat" is the plural of the Urdu word "gali", which means an alley between two mountains on both sides of which there are valleys and it is not the highest point in the range. Many of the towns in the area have the word "gali" as part of their names. These are popular summer-holiday destinations in Pakistan. Murree, one of the most popular hill stations of Pakistan, is the largest town of the Galyat area.


Kalam Valley

Kalam is a worth seeing site in Swat valley. Kalam is located at the distance of 100 km from the mingora, in the northern upper part of Swat valley. It is located at the bank of the Suvastu river in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Kalam is encircled by green hills, thick forests and blessed with mesmerizing Lakes, lively meadows and waterfalls, which make the Valley a must wandering place. It is the birthplace of the Swat River, made of two major tributaries; Gabral River and Ushu River.

It is a vast sub-valley of Swat; is located at an elevation of about 2,000 meters (6, 562 feet) above sea level, and providing a room for a small but fertile plateau above Swat River, making it ideal for farming. A metalled road ends here in Kalam and a shingled road leads to the Ushu and Utror valleys. Visitors can see the snowy mountains from Matiltan, including Falak Sair Mountain, with height of 5, 918 meters (19,416 feet) and an unnamed peak of 6,096 meters (20, 000 feet) height.

According to the population survey of 2017 the population of Kalam valley is 84,434 persons & no of houses are 9810.

Kalam and Dir Kohistani (also called Gawri ) is one of about two dozen languages that are spoken in the mountain areas of northern Pakistan. The name Kohistan in Urdu and Persian means ‘land of mountains’, and Kohistani, when used as the name of a language, can be translated as ‘mountain language’.

The Dardic people of the Kalam region in northern Swat are known as Kohistanis.

The climate in Kalam کالام is cold and temperate. Kalam کالام is a city with a significant rainfall. Even in the driest month there is a lot of rain. The Köppen-Geiger climate classification is Dfb. In Kalam کالام, the average annual temperature is -1.1 °C | 30.0 °F. The rainfall here is around 1361 mm | 53.6 inch per year.


The Kalam Bazaar is the main marketplace and commercial centre of the Kalam valley. Despite being small, Kalam Bazaar has hotels, restaurants, cafes, medical stores, and a good number of general stores. This Bazaar serves as a high street or Downton for locals and tourists in Kalam.

Malam Jabba

Malam Jabba (also Maalam Jabba, ) is a Hill Station in the Karakoram mountain range nearly 40 km from Saidu Sharif in Swat Valley, Sarhad, Pakistan. It is 314 km from Islamabad and 51 km from Saidu Sharif Airport.

Malam Jabba is home to the largest ski resort in Pakistan. The area also contains two Buddhist stupas and six monasteries that are scattered around the resort. The presence of the monuments at such a height indicates that the area has been inhabited for over 2000 years.

Patriata

Patriata also known as New Murree is a hill station in Murree District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is situated 15 km south-east of Murree hill.

Charra Pani

Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan.

Invest (meteorology)

An invest in meteorology (weather) (also INVEST) is a labelled area of bad weather that is being looked at for a possible tropical cyclone being made. Invests are labelled by three hurricane centers: the National Hurricane Center, Central Pacific Hurricane Center and Joint Typhoon Warning Center. The labelling of an area of bad weather as an invest does not always mean that a tropical cyclone will be started. Invests have numbers from 90 to 99, with a L in the Atlantic, E and C in the East and Central Pacific in that order, or W in the West Pacific after the number.


Nubra Valley

Nubra () is a valley in the region of Ladakh, India. Diskit, the capital of the Nubra area, is about north from Leh, the capital of Ladakh. Its name is derived from Ldumra (the valley of flowers).

The Nubra River is a tributary of the Shyok River, which flows into the Indus River. It flows in the Ladakh area of Jammu and Kashmir.

Suru Valley

The Suru valley is a valley in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir, which is drained by the Suru River (Indus), a tributary of the Indus River. It is at a height of . The towns of Kargil and Rangdum are here. The Penzella Pass at Panikhar, a hill resort in Zanskar, divides the Suru valley with Zanskar. Willow and poplar are grown in the Suru valley.

Suru valley has 25,000 by people of Dard and Tibetan descent. The majority of the people are followers of Shi'a Islam, having converted from Tibetan Buddhism in the 16th century under the direction of Thi-Namgyal. Buddhists in the Suru valley live throughout the valley, but are mainly in Rangdum.

Bullet for My Valentine

Bullet for My Valentine often known as BFMV are a heavy metal band from Wales. They have released three albums on the major record label Sony BMG. These albums are entitled "The Poison", "Scream Aim Fire" and "Fever", released in 2006, 2008 and 2010 respectively. they also have a self-titled EP and DVD's of performances live from the O3 Brixton School.



Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol

Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) (formerly named Jabber) is a protocol for instant messaging. It is inspired by XML.

It is different to most protocols because it is an open standard. This means that anybody who has a domain name and an internet connection can run their own server. Most of the software and the clients are open source.

Other software such as Google Talk and the Gizmo5 use the XMPP protocol. It has been installed on thousands of servers across the internet. There are over five hundred million users who use software based on the protocol. Clients include Pidgin and iChat.

Jeremie Miller started the Jabber project in 1998. The first major public release was in May 2000. This early software was the basis of XMPP. It was a competitor to SIMPLE, which was based on the SIP protocol.

In August 2001, the Jabber Software Foundation (JSF) was started. The main role of the JSF was to manage the XML protocols for XMPP by documenting them. As well as this, the organisation was to co-ordinate the many companies that were using the XMPP technology.

In 2002, the Internet Engineering Task Force created a working group to formalize the protocol. The group was named the "Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol Working Group", or "XMPP WG".

In 2007, Jabber Software Foundation (JSF) became XMPP Standards Foundation (XSF).

XMPP can use HTTP to send data to the servers. This is useful when there are strict firewalls in place, because data can be sent through the web instead of through a different port (port 5222 and 5223).

There are also open public servers which use standard ports (port 80 and 443) so that users can connect from behind most firewalls.


Joe Namath

Joseph William Namath (born May 31 1943, Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania), also known as Broadway Joe, is a former American football quarterback. He is most famous for playing for the New York Jets and winning one Super Bowl with them.

Phil Simms

Phillip Martin Simms (born November 3, 1955 in Lebanon, Kentucky) is a former American football quarterback, and is now a television sportscaster for the CBS network. After playing college football for the Morehead State Eagles, Simms was selected in the first round by the New York Giants as the seventh overall pick in the 1979 NFL Draft. Simms was named Most Valuable Player (MVP) of Super Bowl XXI, after he led the Giants to a 39–20 victory over the Denver Broncos and set the record for highest completion percentage in a Super Bowl, completing 22 of 25 passes (88%), a record that still stands. He was also named to the Pro Bowl for his performances in the 1985 and 1993 seasons.

Shabono

A shabono (also xapono, shapono, or yano) is a hut used by the Yanomami indios, who live in southeastern Venezuela and in northern Roraima, Brazil. This hut is used as temporary shelter and is made with palm leaves and wood. Shabonos are built in clear parts of the jungle. Each family unit has a personal area in the shabono. 

Aaron Rodgers

Aaron Charles Rodgers (born December 2, 1983 in Chico, California, U.S.) is the starting American football quarterback for the New York Jets of the NFL. He played college football in California, starting at Butte Community College before transferring to Cal Berkeley to play for the Golden Bears. The Packers chose him in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft with the 24th pick.

He spent a few years as Brett Favre's backup, and after Brett Favre's first retirement fiasco, was named the starter of the Green Bay Packers. 

He became the Packers' starting quarterback in 2008 after Favre left the Packers to play for the New York Jets. He led the team to a Super Bowl championship in 2010 and was named the game's MVP in Super Bowl XLV. Rodgers is famous for his "championship belt celebration," which was used in commercials for State Farm as "a discount double check." Rodgers's best statistical season was in 2011.

In 2023, he switched to the Jets.

Intellect

Intellect is the capacity of the mind by which one reasons. It does not involve the power to feel and move but the power to think. Subjects like Logic, Philosophy and Mathematics all involve the intellect. The intellect involves the power to identify, associate and differentiate. To identify is to find out what a thing is exactly. To associate is to find similarities between things, how they are alike, how they are like each other. To differentiate is to find out how things are different from each other. The intellect is always involved in at least one of these three activities.


Submission (movie)

Submission was a movie made in 2004. It was directed by Theo van Gogh. Ayaan Hirsi Ali wrote the script. She made the story. The movie is 10 minutes long. The movie title is a direct translation of the word Islam into English.

The movie tells the story of four fictional characters. All four characters are played by a single actress wearing a veil. The woman wears a see-through chador but is otherwise naked. Different verses of the Qur'an are painted onto her body.

The characters shown in the movie are Muslim women who have been abused in different ways. For example, one woman has been raped by someone close to her. These women have a monologue - they speak to themselves.

The movie dramatically highlights three verses of the Quran ( and ). These verses seem make it allowed to treat women badly. The authors of the movie show the verses painted on the women's bodies.

Mohammed Bouyeri assassinated Theo van Gogh, after the movie had been shown on Dutch TV. Bouyeri is a Moroccan-Dutch Muslim who was mad about the movie. The assassination happened on 2 November 2004. A letter linked the murder to Van Gogh's movie and his views regarding Islam. It was addressed to Ayaan Hirsi Ali and called for "jihad" against "kafir". Kafir is an Arabic word for unbeliever, a person who hides, denies, or covers the truth. The letter was also against America, Europe, the Netherlands, and Hirsi Ali herself. After the murder of Van Gogh, tens of thousands gathered in the center of Amsterdam to mourn Van Gogh's death. There were fire-bombings of mosques and Muslim schools. Christian churches were also attacked. Eleven other Muslim men were also arrested, other than Bouyeri. They were charged with conspiracy to assassinate Hirsi Ali.

After the murder of Theo van Gogh, "Submission" gained international fame. It was withdrawn from the International Film Festival Rotterdam. The movie had been scheduled to be shown on Sunday during a discussion on freedom of speech in movie at the festival. Because of the violent murder of Van Gogh, the producer of "Submission", Gijs van de Westelaken, said, "We do not want to take any chance of endangering anyone else who participated in the movie." The movie was shown on television in a number of European countries.

Hirsi Ali has said she would like to make a sequel to the movie because "By not making 'Submission Part II,' I would only be helping terrorists believe that if they use violence, they're rewarded with what they want." When she was asked if she would submit to threats against her life, she said "Not me."


Transmutation

Transmutation is a basic process in alchemy. The most important form of transmutation is the change of lead into gold. Alchemists tried and failed to change "base metals" (metals of very little value) into a metal of high value like gold.

However, more recent work by James Chadwick and Irène Joliot-Curie in nuclear physics has established that radioactivity does lead to elemental changes.

Psychologist

A psychologist is someone who studies and practices psychology as a job. Psychologists study the human mind and behavior. They study human perceptions, emotions, and personality relationships. Clinical psychologists help people overcome mental health issues without the use of drugs. They often use CBT or cognitive behavioral therapy. 

Psychology is the study of the mind, partly by studying what people do, and grounding the observations in science. The goal of Psychology is to gain an understanding of individuals, groups and relationships and how certain personality traits can influence the outcome of any given situation. Psychology tries to gain an understanding of mental functions in an individuals social behaviors, while also exploring the physiological and neurological processes that influence certain functions and behaviours.

Johannes Heesters

Johan Marius Nicolaas "Johannes" Heesters (5 December 1903 – 24 December 2011), known professionally as Johannes Heesters, was a Dutch actor, singer, and entertainer. 

He worked for 90 years, almost always in German-speaking Europe. Heesters was one of the oldest working people in entertainment. Some people disliked Heesters because he once sang for Adolf Hitler and supported Nazi Germany during World War II.

Heesters was married twice: to Belgian actress Louise Ghijs (1906-1985) from 1930 until her death and from 1992-2011 to Simone Rethel. Heesters had two daughters from his first marriage and five grandchildren, eleven great-grandchildren, twenty-five great-great-grandchildren and one great-great-great-grandson as of 2011. His younger daughter Nicole Heesters is a well-known actress in the German-speaking world, as is his granddaughter Saskia Fischer.

On 1 January 2008, he fell down some stairs in his holiday house in Tyrol, Austria, breaking two ribs.

On 29 November 2011, he suddenly fell ill and was rushed to hospital. He was operated on to fit an artificial pacemaker. He was allowed home less than a week later. This was in time to spend his 108th birthday the next day with family. He did not feel strong enough to make the planned stage appearance to sing in celebration of his birthday. He also missed the premiere of his latest movie, "Ten". Due to a relapse in his condition, on 17 December he went back to the hospital. He had a stroke and died on Christmas Eve 2011.





World Bank

The World Bank is an international bank that lends money and other help to developing nations for infrastructure. The World Bank has the goal of reducing poverty.

The World Bank is part of the World Bank Group. The World Bank is made up of only two institutions: the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development Association (IDA). The World Bank Group has these two, but also three more: International Finance Corporation (IFC), Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), and International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID).

The World Bank is one of five institutions started as the Bretton Woods system in July 1944. The International Monetary Fund is another one. Many countries sent people to attend the Bretton Woods Conference. The most powerful countries with people there were the United States and United Kingdom, which controlled most of the negotiations. 

The World Bank and the International Monetary Fund are both based in Washington DC, but the World Bank is headed by an American, while the IMF is led by a European.

From the start until 1967 the bank did not lend as much money as it does now. Careful screening of loan applications was common. The bank wanted to provide loans for reconstruction and development, but if they lent out too much, there would be less trust in the bank.

Bank president John McCloy chose France to be the first country to receive a loan from the World Bank; Poland and Chile applied but did not receive one. The loan was for $987 million, half the amount that France actually asked for. There were very strict rules about the use of the funds. Bank staff made sure that the French government would have a balanced budget and pay back what it owed to the World Bank first before it paid back other countries. The United States State Department told the French government that the Cabinet should not have any communists. To get the loan, the French government removed the Communist coalition government. The loan to France was given very quickly after that.

The Marshall Plan of 1947 meant that many European countries already got help, so the World Bank began to lend to non-European countries. Until 1968, loans were used mainly to pay for projects that would help the country pay it back (such projects as ports, highway systems, and power plants).

From 1968 to 1980 the bank worked mostly on meeting the basic needs of people in poor countries. The amount of money being loaned out grew bigger, and more loans were given. This was because the loans were not just given for infrastructure, but also for social services and other things.

These changes were made by Robert McNamara who became the president in 1968. McNamara managed the Bank in the same way he had worked when he was United States Secretary of Defense and President of the Ford Motor Company. McNamara changed the focus toward things such as building schools and hospitals, improving literacy and farming. McNamara started a new system of gathering information from nations applying for loans. This helped the bank to process loan applications much faster. To give out more loans, McNamara told bank treasurer Eugene Rotberg to find new sources of money, because the northern banks that had lent out the money did not have enough. Rotberg used the bond market to increase the amount of money that the bank could lend. One result of lending so much to help poor countries was that the countries in the Third World started owing a lot more money. From 1976 to 1980 developing world debt rose at an average of 20% a year.

From 1989 World Bank policy changed, because many people were complaining. Environmental groups and NGOs were also lent money, to help fix the things that the people were complaining about. Now bank projects include caring for the environment.

The World Bank's current focus is on meeting the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). This means lending mainly to countries that are not very poor, at interest rates which are a little bit higher than the ones it borrows at. The IDA provides low or no interest loans and grants to the poorest countries. The Bank’s mission is to help developing countries to develop more and become less poor. They will also meet the MDGs by helping countries to become good places for investment, jobs and sustainable growth. This (it is postulated) will help the country's economic growth through investment and help the poor to share the results of economic growth.

The World Bank says that there are five key factors necessary for economic growth:


For the poorest developing countries in the world, the bank’s plans are based on poverty reduction strategies. The World Bank looks very carefully at local groups of people, and the needs of the country, to develop a strategy that works best for that country. The government then says what it will do to help stop poverty, and the World Bank works with it.

Forty-five countries gave US$25.1 billion in "aid for the world's poorest countries", aid that goes to the World Bank International Development Association (IDA) which distributes the money to eighty poorer countries. While richer nations sometimes pay for their own aid projects, Robert B. Zoellick, the president of the World Bank, said when the gifts were announced on December 15, 2007, that World Bank money "is the core funding that the poorest developing countries rely on".

In 2012, Jim Yong Kim became President of the Bank. He is responsible for chairing the meetings of the Boards of Directors and for running the Bank. The Bank President has always been a US citizen chosen by the United States, the largest shareholder in the bank. The person is then approved by the Board of Governors. They are president for five years, and after that they might be chosen again.

The Executive Directors, represent the Bank's member countries. They make up the Board of Directors and usually meet twice a week to approve and discuss loans and guarantees, new policies, the budget, ways to help countries and other important decisions.

There are 24 Vice-Presidents, three Senior Vice Presidents and two Executive Vice Presidents.

In 2010, voting powers at the World Bank were changed so that developing countries, especially China, have a bigger vote. The countries with most voting power are now the United States (15.85%), Japan (6.84%), China (4.42%), Germany (4.00%), France (3.75%) and the United Kingdom (3.75%). Under the changes, other countries that saw big gains included Brazil, India, South Korea and Mexico. Most developed countries' voting power was reduced. Russia's voting power was not changed. 

The World Bank has been criticized by non-governmental organizations, such as Survival International, and academics, including its former Chief Economist Joseph Stiglitz. Critics say that the free market that the Bank supports is harmful to economic development if done badly, too quickly, in the wrong order or in weak economies.

In "Masters of Illusion: The World Bank and the Poverty of Nations" (1996), Catherine Caufield argued that the way the World Bank works is bad for southern nations. Caufield said that the World Bank focuses too much on "development". To the World Bank, different nations all need the same "remedy of development". She argued that to have even modest success, Western practices are used instead of traditional economic structures and values. A second thing the World Bank thinks is that poor countries cannot become modern without money and advice from other countries.

A number of academics in developing countries have said that the way the World Bank works only blames the poor for being poor.

One of the strongest criticisms of the World Bank is the way it was run. While the World Bank represents 186 countries, it is run by a small number of powerful countries. These countries choose who runs the World Bank, so what they want is what the bank does.

The World Bank is two different things: a political organization and a practical organization. As a political organization, the World Bank does what donor and borrowing governments, private capital markets, and other international organizations want. As a practical organization, it must be neutral, working mainly in development aid, technical assistance, and loans. Because the World Bank has to do what donor countries and private capital markets want, it says poverty is best solved by "market" policies. Many people think this is wrong.

In the 1990s, the World Bank and the IMF made the Washington Consensus. Many now agree that the Washington Consensus looked too much at the growth of GDP, and not enough how long the growth lasted or whether growth was even good at all.

Some studies show that the World Bank has "increased" poverty and been bad for the environment, public health and cultural diversity. Some critics also say that the World Bank has always supported Neoliberalism, forcing developing countries to follow rules which have been damaging.

People also say that the World Bank pushes U.S. or Western interests in certain parts of the world. Even South American nations have established the Bank of the South in order to cut down on US influence there. The fact that the President is always a citizen of the United States, nominated by the President of the United States makes some people unhappy. The US has just over 16% of the shares in the bank; some people say this makes the voting unfair because they have too much power, as decisions only happen if the countries that support it have 85% of the bank's shares. The World Bank also does not need to explain what it does to anyone.

A lot of the criticism has led to protesting. The World Bank Oslo 2002 Protests, the October Rebellion, and the Battle of Seattle are among the protests that have happened. Such demonstrations are held all over the world, even amongst the Brazilian Kayapo people.

In 2008, a World Bank report found that biofuels had driven food prices up 75%. This was important news, but it was never published. Officials said that they thought it because George W. Bush would be embarrassed.

The World Bank has been criticised for the way it carries out “the production, accumulation, circulation and functioning” of knowledge. The Bank’s production of knowledge has become important to explain why big loans are given out. The Bank uses many scientists around the world, organisations and other people to help make data and strategies.”. The information is created to stop people looking too closely at what the Bank does. The only knowledge system that is used is the Western one, meaning that the systems that other countries used are put aside and the Western one forced in. Knowledge production has become very useful for the Bank, which plans carefully how to use it to explain why they focus on development.

The effect of structural adjustment policies on poor countries has been one of the most important criticisms of the World Bank. The oil crisis in the late 1970s made many countries have serious money issues. The World Bank decided that it would help by giving out special loans called "structural adjustment loans", which meant the policies of the country had to be changed to reduce inflation. Some of these policies included encouraging production and investment, changing exchange rates and changing the way government resources were used. These were most effective in countries where these policies could be implemented easily. For some countries, especially in Africa, inflation became worse. Stopping poverty was not part of these loans, so the poor usually became poorer because the governments were told to spend less money and raise food prices.

By the late 1980s, people realised that structural adjustment policies were worsening life for the world’s poor. The World Bank changed structural adjustment loans after that. In 1999, the World Bank and the IMF introduced the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper to replace structural adjustment loans. Some people say that the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper approach is just another way of using structural adjustment policies as it continues to do a lot of the same things. Neither way has solved the problems of why some countries are so poor. By making some countries owe others money, many believe that the World Bank has taken over those countries' power to choose how they run their economy.

Despite the goals of “good governance and anti-corruption″ the World Bank needs sovereign immunity from countries it deals with. Sovereign immunity means nothing the World Bank does can be punished. Some people say sovereign immunity is a “shield which [The World Bank] wants resort to, for escaping accountability and security by the people.” Because the United States has veto power, it is the only country that can stop the World Bank from doing things it doesn't like.

The World Bank's work on a way to fix climate change and environmental threats has also been criticized. 
People say it has no real vision and purpose, and a limited focus on only what it can do in global and regional governance. People also say it ignores some specific issues in certain parts of the world, like. issues of rights to food and land, and sustainable land use. Critics have also seen that only 1% of the World Bank's lending goes to the environmental sector.

Environmentalists are asking the Bank to stop worldwide support for coal plants and other things that pollute the environment. For instance, many people have criticized the 2010 decision of the World Bank's approval for a $3.75 billion loan to build the world’s 4th largest coal-fired power plant in South Africa. The plant will increase coal mining, and cause more pollution.

Crayfish

Crayfish are crustaceans that are also known as crawdads, crawfish, kriddly wigs, and freshwater lobsters. they are closely related to lobsters, crabs, and shrimp. There are about 150 crayfish species in North America, and over 540 species worldwide.

Most live in freshwater habitats such as rivers.

The body of a decapod crustacean, such as a crab, lobster, or prawn (shrimp), is made up of twenty body segments. They are grouped into two main body parts, the cephalothorax and the abdomen. Each segment may have one pair of appendages. In some groups these may be reduced or missing. On average, crayfish grow to in length, but some grow larger. Walking legs have a small claw at the end.

Crayfish live in streams, rivers, swamps, ponds, and other freshwater habitats. Most crayfish are strictly aquatic but some live in semi-aquatic environments. The semi-aquatic crayfish burrow into the soil to get to water (so that they can breathe).
Some can also be put in private aquarium to be used as pets

Crayfish are omnivores; they eat plants, animals, and decaying organisms. They are nocturnal (most active at night) and eat fish, shrimp, water plants, worms, insects, snails, and plankton. Larval crayfish are very tiny; they eat plankton.

Crayfish might be sometimes be called crawfish in parts of the U.S.A.

Chappaquiddick Island

Chappaquiddick is a place in Massachusetts, in the United States. It became famous because of a fatal car accident involving Edward Kennedy in 1969.


Variable star

A variable star is a star that is sometimes brighter or dimmer. Most stars have only very small differences in brightness, like the Sun. But some stars can vary hugely.

There are generally two types of variable stars:

There are a number of different types of variable stars.




Eruptive variables are caused by a star throwing something out, or sometimes by something falling in.

Protostars are young objects that have not yet completed the process of contraction from a gas nebula to a true star. Most protostars show irregular brightness variations.

Large stars lose their matter relatively easily. Variability due to eruptions and mass loss is fairly common among giants and supergiants.

Supernovae are the most dramatic events in the universe. A supernova can briefly emit as much energy as an entire galaxy, brightening by more than 20 magnitudes (over one hundred million times brighter). Supernovae result from the death of an extremely massive star, many times heavier than the Sun.

The supernova explosion is caused by a white dwarf or a star core reaching a certain mass/density limit, the Chandrasekhar limit. Then the star collapses in a fraction of a second. This collapse "bounces" and causes the star to explode and emit an enormous amount of energy. 

The outer layers of these stars are blown away at speeds of many thousands of kilometers an hour. The expelled matter may form nebulae called "supernova remnants". A well-known example of such a nebula is the Crab Nebula, left over from a supernova that was observed in China and North America in 1054. The core of the star or the white dwarf may either become a neutron star (generally a pulsar) or disintegrate completely in the explosion.

A supernova may also result from mass transfer onto a white dwarf from a star companion in a double star system. The infalling matter pushes the white dwarf over the Chandrasekhar limit. The absolute luminosity of this type of supernova can be calculated from its light curve, so these explosions can be used to fix the distance to other galaxies. One of the most studied supernovae is SN 1987A in the Large Magellanic Cloud.


Submission

Submission may refer to:
In martial arts:

Submission may also be:

Appendectomy

An appendectomy or appendicectomy is when a doctor removes the vermiform appendix. This is commonly done as a treatment for appendicitis.

Donald Dewar

Donald Campbell Dewar (21 August 1937 – 11 October 2000) was the first First Minister of Scotland from 1999 until his death in 2000. He was the first person to hold the position of First Minister following the establishment of the Scottish Parliament in 1999.

Dewar was born and raised in Glasgow.

After the 1997 General Election, Dewar was in a position which John Smith (leader of the Labour Party, 1992-1994 and a good friend of Dewar) would never have thought possible. He was able to start the process to split Scotland from the United Kingdom, and worked endlessly on creating the Scotland Act, popularly known as Smith's "unfinished business". When ratified, this was to give Scotland its first Parliament for nearly 300 years.

The first elections to the Scottish Parliament were held on 6 May 1999, with Dewar leading the Scottish Labour Party against their main opponents, the SNP under Alex Salmond. He was elected as the MSP for Glasgow Anniesland. Although Scottish Labour won the most seats, they did not have a majority in Parliament to allow them to form an Executive without the help of a smaller party. A deal was agreed with the Scottish Liberal Democrats to work together, with Dewar agreeing to their demand for the abolition of up-front tuition fees for university students.

On 13 May, Dewar was nominated as First Minister, and was officially appointed by the Queen on 17 May at a ceremony in the Palace of Holyroodhouse. He later travelled to the Court of Session to be sworn in by the Lord President and receive the Great Seal of Scotland.

On 16 June, Dewar set out the legislative programme for the Executive which included: an Education bill to improve standards in Scottish schools; land reform to give right of access to the countryside, a bill to abolish the feudal system of land tenure; and a bill to establish National Parks in Scotland.

In April 2000, Dewar was admitted to hospital for tests on his heart, following a previous test where a minor irregularity was discovered. In May 2000, he later had surgery to repair a leaking heart valve, and was forced to take a three month break from Parliament, with Deputy First Minister, Jim Wallace taking over as Acting First Minister. He returned to work on 14 August 2000.

Dewar dealt with the exams results fiasco and the lorry drivers strike, and attended the Labour party conference in Brighton in September, but at the end of September told the historian Tom Devine in Dublin that if there was no surge of the energy of old, he would have to reappraise the situation within a few months time.

On 10 October 2000 around lunchtime, Dewar sustained a fall. He seemed fine at first but later that day suffered a massive brain hemorrhage which was possibly triggered by the medication he was taking after the heart surgery. Donald Dewar died the following day, at 12.18pm, in Edinburgh's Western General Hospital. He was 63 years old.

Dewar's funeral service was held at Glasgow Cathedral, amid scenes of mourning unknown for a politician in Scotland's largest city. He was cremated on 18 October 2000, and his ashes were scattered at Lochgilphead.

"Although he has become something of a political legend, Donald would have abhorred any attempt to turn him into some kind of secular saint. He would have been horrified at a Diana-style out-pouring of synthetic grief at his untimely death." -- Iain MacWhirter, Sunday Herald, 15 October 2000.

Governor-General of Pakistan

The Governor-General of Pakistan was the resident representative of King George VI in Pakistan from 1947 to 1952 and then Queen Elizabeth II ("Queen of Pakistan") from 1952 until 1956 when Pakistan was proclaimed a republic.

When Pakistan became an independent, self-governing nation in 1947, it, like post-independent India, provisionally continued to use the Government of India Act 1935, as its written constitution until a post-independence constitution could be drafted; by default this contemplated the continuation of the constitutional monarchy as a Commonwealth realm Dominion. 

The monarch appointed a Governor-General, upon the advice of the Prime Minister of Pakistan to serve as de facto Head of State. 

Muhammad Ali Jinnah, considered "Quaid-e-Azam" ("Great Leader"), informed Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma: "when I am Governor-General the Prime Minister will do what I tell him to" -- however Jinnah's rapidly declining health made the issue moot.

After Jinnah's death the Governor-General of Pakistan continued to serve a larger role than the India Act prescribed, dismissing multiple Prime Ministers and consolidating power.

The office of Governor-General was replaced by the office of President of Pakistan when Pakistan became a republic in 1956. The then Governor-General, Iskander Mirza, became Pakistan's first president.

Hunza Valley

Hunza Valley () is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in the The North Trails of Pakistan. The Hunza valley is at an elevation of . The territory of Hunza is about . Karimabad (formerly called Baltit) is the main town which is also a very popular tourist destination in Pakistan because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi, Ultar Sar, Bojahagur Duanasir II, Ghenta Peak, Hunza Peak, Darmyani Peak, and Bublimating (Ladyfinger Peak), all or higher.
Hunza is the northern most district of Pakistan. The district touches the borders of China & Afghanistan. Hunza valley is a combination of a number of smaller sub-valleys. Most famous of these sub-valleys are Shimshal, Chipursan, Misgar and Avgarch valleys. The main town of Hunza valley with all the government offices is the Aliabad and is located on main Karakoram Highway or N-35. While Karimabad is a more established tourist attraction. Hunza valley is located on the left banks of River Hunza while going north from Gilgit.

There are two parts of the valley.


Altit Fort is the oldest fort in the hunza valley. It was constructed some 1100 years ago and overlooks Hunza River. The primary goal of constructing this fort was to keep an eye over invaders from Hunzo-bar or Nagar. There was a great rivalry between the rulers and people of Hunza & Nagar in the older times. Invaders from both valleys often attacked each others. Altit Fort was built to defend the people of Hunza from them. It was also the residence of the ruler of Hunza and his family. It can also be seen from main Karakoram Highway or N-35 after crossing Ganish. The fort can be accessed via a road from karimabad. The entry ticket for Pakistanis is PKR 400 while for foreigners is PKR 1000 for the fort. The fort offers views of the Royal Garden and a local musical school is also functioning within the premises. There is also an amazing but expensive restaurant run by ladies within the premises of the fort.
thumb

Baltit Fort is an 800 years old fort within Karimabad town of Hunza district. The fort was built for the protection of the ruler of Hunza and his family and also has a goal of deep defense. The fort is built on the same architectural style as of the Altit Fort. The fort can be accessed on foot from karimabad bazar. It would take you around 20 mins to reach the fort from the bazar via a steep walkway. The entry ticket fees is the same PKR 400 for Pakistanis and PKR 1000 for foreigners. Personally speaking, Baltit Fort offers amazing views of the Hunza & Nagar districts from height.

Eagle’s Nest or Duikar is another great tourist attraction in the Hunza valley. Official name of the area is Duikar while it has some natural stones in Eagle shape, hence it got the name of Eagle’s nest. The attraction offers unique views of Golden Peak, Diran Peak, Rakaposhi Peak, Lady Finger Peak, Ultar Peak, Hunza & Nagar districts. The attraction is located at an altitude of 3000 meters. It can be accessed on a metaled road from Altit Fort. It would take you around an hour on a vehicle to reach the attraction from Karimabad. View during Sunrise and Sunset are just stunning from this point.

Aliabad is the main town of Hunza district. All the major government administrative offices are located in this town including the offices of Deputy Commissioner & Senior Superintendent of Police etc. The town offers unique views of Rakaposhi Peak, Golden Peak, Lady Finger Peak & Ultar II Peak. A campus of Karakoram International University is also located in Aliabad.

Karimabad is the major tourist attraction of Hunza district. The town located just above Aliabad. There are two main routes to access the town, most famous of them is via a link road on Karakoram Highway between Aliaabad & Ganish while the other route is from the university road in the Aliabad Town. The town is famous for Altit & Baltit Forts, Eagle’s Nest and the Lady Finger Peak.


While moving on Karakoram Highway or N-35, just after entering Gojal area, the first attraction would be Pakistan-China Friendship Tunnels or Attabad Tunnels. These are four tunnels on the karakoram highway. After a massive landsliding on Attabad villages, river hunza was stopped at this point, ultimately destructing attabad villages and part of Karakoram Highway. This created a water reservoir, which is now known as Attabad Lake or Shishkat Lake. Immediately after creation of this lake, the transportation was resumed via a boat service on this patch of Karakoram Highway between Pakistan & China. The construction work on creating tunnels through the mountains was immediately started. The tunnels were inaugurated in 2015. The tunnels are one of the largest in Pakistan. Attabad Lake is famous for its turquoise waters. Private water sports and boating facilities are also active in the lake.

Gulmit village is the largest settlement in the Gojal area. The village has very old history and was the summer seat of Hunza princely estate in the past. The Ondra Fort is located in the Gulmit village. The fort is believed to be constructed to protect Gulmit & Ghulkin villages from external invaders. There are a number of treks in the village as well as a number of sky high peaks.

Ghulkin is another historical village in the gojal area. Just after Gulmit on the banks of Batura Glacier lies this beautiful village. Ghulkin is famous for amazing landscape as well as Pakistan’s first homestays.

Batura Glacier is the fifth largest glacier outside polar region. The glacier is 35 KM long and covers an area of over 200 sq. km. The glacier lies on the karakoram highway and thus can be witnessed from the highway.

Passu Cathedral aka Passu Cones are vistas from Passu Sar 7478 meters. It offers one of the most enchanting views for the visitors. The pinnacles are believed to be one of the most incredible natural wonders in the world. It attracts a large pool of foreign tourists each year.

Passu Glacier is located on the south side of the passu village. The glacier is connected with a number of other glaciers including Batura Glacier. Patundas Meadow trek is one of the most epic treks in Gojal area and the trek is originated from Passu Glacier.

Hussaini Suspension Bridge connects Hussaini Village on the karakoram highway and Zoharabad village on the opposite side of Hunza River. The suspension bridge is considered one the most iconic and dangerous bridges in the world. Personally, I think Passu bridge is way more dangerous than this.

Borith lake is the Pakistan’s highest salt water lake. The lake is located within the Borith village on karakoram highway. The lake is easily accessible via a car track or you can hike to the lake. Borith village is located just after Hussaini Village on Karakoram Highway. You can also witness an amazing view of Passu Cathedral from the lake. The lake is also famous for the migratory birds from central asia and siberia.

Shimshal is the highest permanent settlement in Pakistan. Average altitude of the valley is around 3100 meters above sea level. Shimshal can accessed through a four hours jeep ride from passu village. The valley has four major settlements Central Shimshal, Aminabad, Farmanabad & Khizerabad. Shimshal village is particularly famous for high altitude treks, passes and sky high peaks as well as for its world record holder mountaineers. Samina Baig hails from central Shimshal is the first Pakistani female to summit Mount Everest as well as the one of the two Pakistanis to do the seven summits. Other being her brother Mirza Ali Baig.

Chapursan Valley is the northern most village of Pakistan. The valley can be accessed through a non-metaled road from Sost. Chipursan valleys is located on a drive of 40 mins from sost on this road. The valley is famous has one of the oldest fort in the region, Rashit Fort. The valley is also famous for the highest sufi shrine in Pakistan, Baba Ghundi’s shrine. The shrine is a site of pilgrimage for followers from Pakistan, Afghanistan, China & central asian states.

Sost is the last permanent settlement on Karakoram Highway or N-35 before it enters China. The village also has one of the biggest market of chinese products in Pakistan. The sost dryport is a center point of all the import/export between Pakistan & China.

Khunjerab National Park is located on Karakoram Highway and is famous for the Pakistan China Border Crossing. This border crossing is the highest working border crossing in the world. The patch of the Karakoram Highway, passing through the national park is the highest paved road in the world. It also offers world’s highest ATM just before the border crossing.

Kaghan Valley

The Kaghan valley is a valley in the Mansehra District of Hazara Division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has a reputation as a place of great natural beauty. This valley also suffered from the earthquake disaster on 8 October 2005.

The valley is approximately 160 kilometers long, starting from Balakot in the 'Lower Kaghan' to Babusar Pass at the extreme end of the 'Upper Kaghan'. It is mostly surrounded by the forests and hills of the Lesvjzxbser Himalayas and the Kunhar River runs though most of its length. The valley is mostly inhabited by semi-nomadic Gujars, and some Swatis, Awans and Syeds. 

Historically speaking, Kaghan was long a backward and neglected area, until the 1880s-1890s when officers of British India established a strategic supply line via the Babusar Pass to the northern areas of the Gilgit Agency. After that, the area soon opened up to tourism and resort centers like Shogran and Naran Valley were developed in it. The famous and lovely Saiful Muluk Lake is also a special feature of this valley as are some other lakes like Ansoo Lake, Dudupat Sar, Lulu Sar and the Lalazar Meadows. Malika Parbat is a high peak in the area.

Between May and August each year, thousands of tourists from Pakistan and abroad dive up from Abbottabad and Mansehra, to visit these places in the valley. For most of the rest of the year, Kaghan area is locked in by heavy snows. 


Kunar Valley

Kunar Valley (), or Chitral Valley, is a valley in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Main geographic features are jungles and mountains.

Nagar Valley

Nagar Valley () is a valley near Gilgit Valley in Gilgit-Baltistan in northern Pakistan. The Nagar Valley is at an elevation of 2,438m (7,999 feet). Nagar Khas is the main town and the capital of the former state of Nagar. The Spantik peak (Golden peak) can easily be seen from here. 

Gulmet is the popular tourist attraction in Nagar because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi at 7,788m (25,561), and Diran.

Nagar was formerly a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan, which existed until 1974. Administratively there are two Tehsils in Nagar namely Nagar-1 and Nagar-2 of Gilgit District.
Nagar was an independent principality for 1200 years. The British gained control of Nagar during a battle at place of Nilt (Jangir-e-Laye) between 1889 and 1892. Nagarkutch fought bravely but was defeated due to lack of weapons. The Tham (Chief) of that time, Azur Khan, was sent in exile to Kashmir.

Hunza was previously under the domination of Nagar and collectively called "Buroshall" and their capital was "Capal Dongs". But after the reign of the "Miyor Khan" his sons divided Buroshall into Nagar and Hunza and declared the river as the border: "Muglot" became the king of Nagar and "Kirkis" became the king of Hunza.

The British retained Nagar's status as a principality until 1947. The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years, which came to an end in 1974. Although never ruled directly by neighbouring Kashmir or the British, Nagar and Hunza were a vassal of Kashmir from the time of Maharaja Ranbir Singh of Jammu and Kashmir. The Mirs of both sent an annual tribute to the Kashmir Durbar until 1947, and along with the ruler of Hunza, was considered to be among the most loyal vassals of the Maharaja of Kashmir.
After the change in Pakistani Central Government to a democracy on 25 September 1974 Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto dissolved the Princely States of Nagar as well as Hunza and set the prisoners free and gave democratic representation to the Northern Areas Council, now the Northern Areas Legislative Council

The state is bordered by the Gilgit Agency to the southwest, China to the north and northeast and Afghanistan to the northwest. The state capital was the town of Nagar Khas (also known as Uyum Nagar, which means "The Mighty Nagar Empire"). The first village of Nagar is Chalt Valley near Guroo, Janglote from Gilgit and the last village of Nagar is Hisper, Biafo Range that links Baltistan with the eastern range. 

According to 2000 census figures 100,000 inhabitants are living in the Nagar Valley.Now population is above 130000 inhabitants.

The languages spoken here are Brushashki, Shena and Bedishki.The sixty percent of total population of Brusho belongs to Nagar.

Bedishki is a language spoken by a tribe Bedicho of Nagar.It is a 
Gujrati(Indian) like language.It has only one hundred spokers.It is spoken in Chalt(Capital of Nagar).It is the language of famous musicians of Nagar.Late ustad Muhammad Ali was one of the famous musician of the Bedicho family.Hadulia-Ibraheem, Ustad Sulaiman, Kak Mutalib and Mam Shukoor Ali are the famous persons of the tribe.

The religion of the Nagar Valley is Islam with 100% Shia Isna Ashree(Usooli)

Rakaposhi and Diran are two of the mountains in Nagar-2. Minapin is one of the beautiful place, while Rush Lake (High altitude Wetland), Golden Peak, Hopper Glacier, Hisper Glacier, Bowalter Glacier and Barpu white glaciers are in Nagar-1. Askurdas is the centre of Nagar.

The climate of Nagar remains pleasant from mid-April to the end of September. The maximum temperature in summer during the day is 13°C. The weather becomes very cold during the winter, mainly from October to end of March. The minimum temperature can be -14°C.

The war between British army and the people of Nagar. This war was fought in 1891 and had continued for months. At last the British army had succeeded to gain control over Nagar and it became a vassal of Kashmir Durbar but ruled by the same royal family. Although the British army was fighting with a small army it was a long war and the only war fought in Nagar. For the British army, three soldiers were rewarded with the Victoria Cross and a mule was also rewarded with the medal for carrying a gun on its back.

Nagar was famous for its polo team. It is the only team from the northern areas who played the polo match in New Delhi on the arrival of the George VI of England and won the trophy there. Until 1972 it was the unbeatable team of the northern areas.

The people of modern Nagar are doctors, engineers,army officers, politicians, businessmen. They are in every field of life in Pakistan. The people of Nagar valley are very loving and hospitable to visitors.
Students of Nagar has an organization of their own.This organization was regesterd in Karachi(A city of Pakistan) in 1969.The late deputy commissioner Daud Khan was first president of this organization.The name of this organization is Nagar Students Federation.(NSF).This Students organization is still functional in Pakistan.

A tremendous change has been observed in the literacy rate of Nagar over the past 5 decades. The state has not institution before 1950s. Late Agha Ahmed Safa Faizi & late Raja Sahib khan were supposed to be first educated persons of the state. Both started education in their own villages in Asqur Das and Chalt respectively after 1950s.Now Nagar State has educational institutes in every village and towns. 100% of the children are going to school. The people of Nagar have their literacy rate more than 90% in men. While women have about 70%.

The whole area of Nagar along with Hunza is declared as a community park to prevent the hunting of many endangered animals such as Marco Polo sheep, brown bears, show tigers etc. The NGOs which are working on the preservation of endangered animals are invited to come to this area because these animals are surviving for their existence.




Naran Valley

Naran Valley () is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The Kunhar River, fed by glacier melt, flows through the Naran Valley. Makra Peak, Malka Parbat,Babu Sar Top and Saiful Muluk are the main attractions.

Rupal Valley

The Rupal Valley is in the Astore District of Pakistan's Northern Areas. It is south of Nanga Parbat. It is popular for treks to the mountain's Rupal Face, one of highest mountain faces in the world.

Skardu Valley

The Skardu Valley is in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. The valley is about 10km wide and 40km long. It is where the River Shigar and River Indus come together. It surrounded by the large Karakoram Range. With the nearby lakes and mountains, it is an important tourist location in Pakistan.

Yasin Valley

The Yasin Valley is a high mountain valley in the Hindu Kush mountains, in the northwest region of Gilgit in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Yasin is separated from the Ishkoman Valley by a high mountain pass. To reach Yasin one must take the Karakoram Highway north from Islamabad, and then turn left to reach Gupis in Ghizar. After Gupis, one continues northwest to reach the Yasin Valley. Yasin valley has a spectacular natural beauty.

Yasin was originally ruled by the Khushwakhte Dynasty, part of the Katur Dynasty of Chitral. The Rajas of Yasin were great warriors and fought against the Sikhs and the Dogras of Kashmir, but they eventually lost power and the ownership of Yasin changed hands several times between the rule of the Mehtar of Chitral, and the Maharaja of Kashmir.

Although not highly or densely populated, Yasin was of strategic importance because it leads to a high mountain pass, to Yarkhun in Chitral, and then to Broghol Pass, the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan, and into Tajikistan. Yasin could have formed an invasion route from Czarist Russia into British India.

The primary language of Yasin Valley is the Burushaski language. The Khowar language is also spoken.

The majority of the people in Yasin are Ismailies who lead their lives according to the Islamic principles more concerned with the imam of the time. Currently Prince Karim Aga Khan is the Imam and spiritual leader of the Ismailies. However, other sects of Islam like Sunni, and Shia also live in Yasin. 

Ethnically the people of Yasin are of Brosho origin. There are migrants from different parts of the country, mainly from Chitral and from outside the country.

The Darkut Pass connects Yasin with Broghol pass and Chitral. The Thoi Pass connects Yasin to Yarkhun Chitral. Asumber pass connects Yasin to Ishkomen. Darkot Pass is a historical pass which has been labelled as a restricted zone by the Government of Pakistan. This pass used to be the shortest means of communication between Oxus and Indus ([www.yasinvalley.com]www.yasinvalley.com). Tourists love to trek along the Assumbur pass to Ishqamen valley.

Dmitry Medvedev

Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev (born 14 September 1965) is a Russian politician. He was the tenth and Prime Minister of Russia from 2012 through 2020. He previously served as the third President of Russia from 2008 to 2012. He is a close ally of the current Russian President Vladimir Putin. He is the leader of the Pro-Kremlin United Russia party.

Medvedev was born in 1965 in Leningrad, Soviet Union. His parents were teachers. He studied law in the university there. In 1992, he became the law adviser to the Mayor.

In 2005, he was appointed as the Head of the Kremlin Staff under president Vladimir Putin and in 2008 he was elected as third Russian President and the youngest Russian Leader since Alexander Kerensky 1917.

In 2012, he was appointed as Prime Minister of Russia and Leader of United Russia. 

He is known for his modernisation reforms in Russian society, especially in economy and politics.

In January 2020, Medvedev announced his resignation as Prime Minister.


BBC Three

BBC Three is a British television channel from the BBC.

BBC Three was described by the BBC as a channel for 'New drama, talent, comedy, films, and accessible news'. It ran from 19:00 to about 04:00 each night, in order to share terrestrial digital bandwidth with the CBBC channel. Unlike its commercial rivals, 90% of BBC Three's output is from the United Kingdom and other European Union countries. 80% is original, covering all genres from current affairs, to drama, to comedy to animation, BBC Three returned to TV screens in February 2022.

BBC Three had a unique '60 second news' format. This was adopted so that operation of the channel could be completely automated, without the complication of dealing with variable length live news broadcasts. The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen, and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin.

BBC Three closed as a standard television channel on 16 February 2016. On the same day BBC Three launched on BBC iPlayer as an online only service.

The BBC relaunched BBC Three's television channel in February 2022.

BBC Three was the successor to the similar BBC Choice channel and was launched on 9 February 2003. It was launched by Stuart Murphy, who previously ran BBC Choice. The channel returned on 1 February 2022.

Some of the programmes that have appeared for their first showing on BBC Three include EastEnders (2003), Little Britain (October 2004), Doctor Who Confidential (2005), and Torchwood (2006), The Apprentice, You're Fired! (2006). When the first episode of Torchwood was launched in October 2006 on BBC Three, 2.4 million people watched it. This broke BBC Three's previous record of 1.8 million. The second episode attracted an equally impressive 2.3 million viewers, and boosted BBC Three to a 3.5% share of multichannel viewing that evening, compared to the network's three-month Sunday average of 0.9%.

The channel featured hourly news updates called "60 Seconds", which included the top news, sport and entertainment stories. It was presented in a cheeky, relaxed style in keeping with the rest of the channel. As part of the BBC's discussions with the government in whether the channel could launch originally, a longer news programme had been promised to provide a daily section of news and current affairs. "The News Show", as it came to be called upon launch was later rebranded "The 7 O'Clock News". However, the BBC discontinued the bulletin in 2005, claiming that in fact, the programme's audiences were minuscule and the output was provided elsewhere on the BBC.

 The channel was aimed at 25–34-year olds, and competes with other digital channels including ITV2 and E4.

Its share of the audience during its transmission hours was 2.6% among 25–34-year olds, and 1.7% among all individuals. BARB, the official ratings agency, averages out BBC Three's viewing figures over 24 hours even though the channel only broadcasted in the evenings, giving a distorted sense of the channel's viewership. Despite several official complaints from the BBC, BARB continued to publish figures which the BBC argued were unrepresentative. Nine million people watched BBC Three every week.

The channel had critical and popular successes, winning more awards in its four-year history than its commercial rivals (Sky One, Living, E4, ITV2, Five and Paramount Comedy Channel) have won in their combined 25-year history. In total BBC Three had won 7 BAFTA awards, 5 British Comedy Awards, 15 Royal Television Society Awards and 5 Rose d'Or Awards since the channel was launched in February 2003. Most recently, it won "Broadcast Magazine"'s "Digital Channel of the Year" Award for Best General Entertainment Channel, and MGEITF Non Terrestrial Channel of the Year.

All three of BBC Three's dramas produced in 2004 ("Outlaws", "Bodies" and "Conviction") received BAFTA nominations, as did classical music show "Flashmob The Opera".

In 2008, BBC Three's Gavin and Stacey won the BAFTA audience award and the best comedy performance award was awarded to James Corden for his part.

The channel had also come in for criticism from several corners, the most prominent of which are some of the BBC's long-standing presenters. These include John Humphrys, who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to Radio 4's Today programme, which he presents, John Sweeney of Panorama, and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content.

BBC Vision director Jana Bennett confirmed in an interview for Broadcast magazine in May 2008 that the BBC Trust has been petitioned to change the start of transmission time from the current time of 7pm each evening to earlier in the afternoon.

Bennett said that some of the extra hours would be given over to BBC Switch the BBC's teen programming strand.
BBC Three HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels BBC Four HD, CBeebies HD, BBC News HD and CBBC HD.


Nerf N-Strike

Nerf N-Strike is an video game that was made by Electronic Arts. It is part of the Nerf series. It was released on the Wii and Nintendo DS. The game was released in North America on October 28, 2008. 

In August 2007, Electronic Arts gained the rights to some Hasbro brands, like "Monopoly", "Littlest Pet Shop", and Nerf. In February, EA Casual Entertainment announced that their EA Salt Lake Studio would develop and release video games for "Littlest Pet Shop" and "Nerf N-Strike".


Emperor of India

Emperor/Empress of India (Shahanshah-e-Hind in Hindustani) was used as a title by the last Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah II, and also by the colonial British monarchs during the rule of British India.

Sometimes, the term "Emperor of India" is also used to refer to Indian emperors such as Ashoka the Great of the Maurya Dynasty and Emperor Akbar of the Mughal empire. However, they did not claim this title for themselves.

Although the Mughal dynasty ruled over most of the Indian subcontinent from the 16th century onwards, they simply used the title "Shahanshah" (considered in the West to be the same as "emperor"). However dring the Indian revolt of 1857 against the British, the rebel sepoys seized Delhi and called the Mughal Bahadur Shah II as "Shahanshah-e-Hind," or Emperor of India. After the Brtish defeated the rebels, he was captured and was forced to live in Rangoon, Burma in 1858, this ended the rule of the Mughals.

After the Mughal Emperor ended by the British East India Company, the title "Empress of India" was taken by Queen Victoria from 1 May 1876. 

Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli is usually credited with creating the title for her. Also, the title was created when it became evident that Queen Victoria's daughter, Victoria, Princess Royal, would become an empress when her husband ascended the German imperial throne, many people thought it was wrong for the daughter to be an empress while her mother was just a Queen.

When Victoria died, and her son Edward VII ascended the throne, his title became "Emperor of India". The title continued until India and Pakistan became independent from the United Kingdom at midnight on 14/15 August 1947.

When signing their name for Indian business, a British King-Emperor or the Queen-Empress used the initials "R I" ("Rex/Regina Imperator/Imperatrix") or the shorter version "Ind. Imp." ("Indiae Imperator/Imperatrix") after their name. This was also used on many British coins, including some 1948 coins of George VI.

George VI continued to hold the title King of India for two years during the short Governor-Generalships of Lord Mountbatten and of C. Rajagopalachari until India became a republic on 26 January 1950. George VI remained as King of the United Kingdom and King of Pakistan until his death in 1952. Pakistan became a republic on 23 March 1956, Elizabeth II was Queen of Pakistan for four years.


Radish

A radish is an edible root vegetable of the Brassicaceae family. People eat radishes all over the world. It was first grown in Europe in pre-Roman Empire|Roman times. Radishes are usually eaten as a crunchy salad vegetable. There are many varieties of radishes. Some radishes are different in size, flavor, color and the length of time they take to grow.

It has a somewhat hot taste, rather peppery. This keeps some herbivores away, or limits the amount they eat. It acts as a defence against herbivory.

Glenn Seaborg

Glenn Theodore Seaborg (April 19, 1912 – February 25, 1999) was an American chemist. He was born in Ishpening, Michigan. He won the 1951 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Edwin M. McMillan.

In 1980, he changed several thousand atoms of bismuth into gold at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. His experimental technique, using nuclear physics, was able to remove protons and neutrons from the bismuth atom. Seaborg's techique would have cost too much money to make of gold, but his work is the closest to the mythical Philosopher's Stone.

Seaborg worked at the Manhattan Project during World War II. He studied the chemical properties of plutonium as a part of the secret war research.

He served as Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission and was a professor at the University of California, Berkeley.
He was said to be the author/co author of 500 scientific articles and multiple books. He was born in 1912 and died in 1999 from a stroke. He has a wife called Helen Griggs and his family consisted of his sister, Jeanette who was 2 years younger than him, and his parents, Henry Theodore and Selma Olivia Erikson Seaborg

Seaborg was the principal or co-discoverer of ten elements: plutonium, americium, curium, berkelium, californium, einsteinium, fermium, mendelevium, nobelium and element 106, which was named seaborgium in his honor while he was still living. He also developed more than 100 atomic isotopes. Early in his career, Seaborg was a pioneer in nuclear medicine and developed many isotopes of elements that helped to diagnose and treat diseases. For example, he studied iodine-131, which is used in the treatment of thyroid disease. He developed the actinide concept which placed the actinide series beneath the lanthanide series on the periodic table. Seaborg also proposed the placement of super-heavy elements in the transactinide and superactinide series.

Bob McGrath

Robert Emmet "Bob" McGrath (June 13, 1932 – December 4, 2022) was an American singer and actor. He is best known for playing the human character Bob on "Sesame Street". He was born in Ottawa, Illinois. McGrath's character Bob was one of the longest-lasting human characters on "Sesame Street".


BBC Radio 3

BBC Radio 3 is a national radio station operated by the BBC within the United Kingdom. It devotes most of its schedule to classical music. Every year it broadcasts the BBC Proms concerts during the summer.


NERF

Nerf (written in capitals as NERF) is a brand of toy weapons. It is created by Parker Brothers and currently owned by Hasbro. Most of the toys are a variety of foam-based weaponry. While it is commonly known for its toy guns (usually called "blasters" to separate the brand from real weapons), it can also be footballs and other types of sport utilities such as Nerf skateboards, scooters and bikes. Some blasters series that Nerf makes are called Zombie Strike, Modulus, Elite, Mega, Doomlands, N-Sports, Super Soaker, Rebelle, and Rival.

Disney Interactive Studios

Disney Interactive Studios is an American video game publisher and developer. It publishes video games based on Disney works. It was originally Walt Disney Computer Software. The company was formed in 1988. 

BBC Radio 4

BBC Radio 4 is a domestic UK radio station that broadcasts different spoken-word programmes including news, drama, comedy, science and history. It replaced the BBC Home Service in 1967.

Radio 4 is the second most popular British domestic radio station after Radio 2. It was named "UK Radio Station of the Year" at the 2008 "Sony Radio Academy Awards", an award it had also won in 2003 and 2004.

Radio 4 costs £71.4 million a year, and is the BBC's most expensive national radio network. Many people think of it as the corporation's flagship. There is currently no commercial network like it in the UK, although there are similar publicly owned stations in such countries as Sweden (Sveriges Radio P1) and Australia (Radio National).

Music and sport are the only subjects that generally fall outside the station's coverage. There are occasional concerts on Radio 4, and ball-by-ball commentaries of most test matches played by England cricket are broadcast on longwave. Because the longwave service can be received clearly at sea around the coasts of Britain and Ireland, Radio 4 also carries regular weather forecasts for shipping and gale warnings. The station has also been designated as the UK's national broadcaster in times of national emergency such as a war, meaning that even if all other radio stations were forced to close, Radio 4 would still carry on broadcasting.

The current controller of Radio 4 is Gwyneth Williams. She is also in charge of its sister station BBC Radio 4 Extra.


BBC Four

BBC Four is a television channel developed by BBC. It was started on 2 March 2002. It often shows documentaries and arts programmes that often have a much smaller audience than BBC One or Two. It shows programmes between 7pm and 4am every day, timeshared with CBeebies.

A high definition of the channel, BBC Four HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels BBC Three HD, BBC News HD, CBBC HD, and CBeebies HD.



Kernel

Kernel can mean:


Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis

Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis (also known as the Indian skipper frog or skittering frog) is a common frog found in South Asia. They are slimy and are often seen at the edge of bodies of water with their eyes above the water. They noisily move away from the shore when disturbed, giving them their common name. They are rarely seen outside water.

Fejervarya limnocharis

Fejervarya limnocharis (also known as the cricket frog) is a species of frog found in South Asia.

Minervarya syhadrensis

Fejervarya syhadrensis (also known as the long-legged cricket frog, Syhadra frog, and the Bombay wart frog) is a species of frog that is found in South Asia.

Paa vicina

Paa vicina is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is found in the Republic of India and Pakistan. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.

Paa sternosignata

Paa sternosignata is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is found in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Kashmir and possibly the India. Its natural habitats are rivers, swamps, and freshwater marshes.

Paa hazarensis

Paa hazarensis (also known as the Kashmir paa frog, Hazara frog, or Hazara torrent frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is found in the Republic of India, Pakistan and Kashmir, possibly Bhutan, and possibly Nepal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, rivers, and freshwater marshes.

Cricket frog

The cricket frog, genus "Acris", is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in North America. They spend more time in the water than other frogs in Hylidae do. They live near bodies of water that do not dry up and have plants growing on the surface. Scientists named them cricket frogs because their voices sound like crickets.


Duttaphrynus melanostictus

The Common Indian Toad or Common Asiatic/Asian Toad or Black-spined Toad ("Duttaphrynus bufo melanostictus") is a species of toad that is common in South Asia. The species grows to almost 20 cm long. The species breeds during the monsoons and the tadpoles are black. Young toads may be seen in large numbers after the monsoons.

Duttaphrynus olivaceus

Duttaphrynus olivaceus (also known as the olive toad, Baluchistan coastal toad, Baluchestan coastal toad, and Makran toad) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in Iran, Pakistan, and possibly Afghanistan. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, rivers, freshwater springs, plantations, rural gardens, urban areas, ponds, and irrigated land.


Duttaphrynus stomaticus

Duttaphrynus stomaticus (also known as the Indus Valley toad, Asiatic marbled toad, Punjab toad, or marbled toad) is a species of toad that can be found in Pakistan, Iran, and possibly in Afghanistan. It is most found in the Indus Valley. It is also known as the "house toad". These toads are usually found near cultivated plains which have still water. It is nocturnal and its diet consist of insects such as ants. This endemic toad species is the ""National amphibian of Pakistan"" respectively.

Duttaphrynus himalayanus

Duttaphrynus himalayanus (also known as the Himalaya toad, Himalayan toad, Himalayan broad-skulled toad, and Günther's high altitude toad) is a species of toad found in the Himalayan region of Pakistan and Jammu and Kashmir.

Bufo latastii

Bufo latastii is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in the Republic of India and Pakistan. Its natural habitats are temperate forests, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, arable land, and ponds. It is threatened by habitat loss.


Amolops himalayanus

Amolops himalayanus is a species of frog found in Asia.

Bufo pseudoraddei

Bufo pseudoraddei is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in Pakistan and possibly Afghanistan. Its natural habitats are temperate forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, arable land, pastureland, plantations, and rural gardens.

Manipur frog

Manipur frog ("Euphlyctis ghoshi") or Ghosh's frog is a species of frog found in Manipur, Asia. It is only known from its type locality in Khugairk Reserve Forest, Manipur.

Tylototriton verrucosus

The Himalayan Newt ("Tylototriton verrucosus") is a species of salamander found in South Asia and Southeast Asia.

Afghan hedgehog

The Afghan hedgehog ("Hemiechinus auritus megalotis") is a subspecies of the Long-eared hedgehog native to Afghanistan and western Pakistan. It is larger and reddish in colour, but otherwise similar in appearance to the Long-eared hedgehog.

Argali

The argali or mountain sheep ("Ovis ammon") is a wild sheep. It lives in the highlands of Central Asia (Himalaya, Tibet, Altay). 

The argali is the biggest wild sheep. It can be up to 120 centimetres tall, and can weigh as much as 140 kilograms. The Pamir argali, also called the Marco Polo sheep, may be more than 6 feet in length. They were discovered by the explorer Marco Polo. The Pamir argali is globally endangered.

Marco Polo sheep

Marco Polo sheep ("Ovis ammon polii") is a wild sheep, and a subspecies of the Argali.

It takes its name from famed explorer Marco Polo who described the species during his crossing of Pamir (ancient Mount Imeon) in 1271. The Marco Polo sheep is particularly known for its long horns. The longest horn ever found on a sheep was found on a Marco Polo sheep and measured 191 centimeters (75 inches). The sheep is unofficially the National animal of Afghanistan.


it was named after Marco polo
its scientific name is Ovis ammon polii .They can reach 6 feet in length
horns starts to grow after 15 to 20 days after birth. number of rings on the horn indicates age of the male sheep
The argali or mountain sheep (Ovis ammon) is a wild sheep. It lives in the highlands of Central Asia (Himalaya, Tibet, Altay).

It is the biggest wild sheep. It stands as high as 120 cm. It weights as much as 140 kg. The Pamir argali (also called Marco Polo sheep, for they were first described by that traveller) may be more than 6 feet in length. It is globally endangered.
Asian black bear

The Asian black bear, also called the Asiatic black bear, White-chested bear, Moon bear, or the Himalayan black bear, ("Ursus thibetanus" or "Selenarctos thibetanus") is a medium-sized, sharp-clawed, black-coloured bear with a distinctive white or cream "V" marking on its chest.

It is a close relative of the American black bear with which it is thought to share a European common ancestor. It is called 반달가슴곰 (bandalgaseumgom) in Korean. Both American and Asiatic species are thought of as sister taxa. They are more closely related to one another than any other species of bear. Asian black bears are omnivores. They feed on fruit, grass, leaves, insects, rodents, rabbits, carrion, nuts, and even deer, buffalo, and wild boar. Their predators are humans, tigers, and brown bears, while leopards, wolves, lynxes, jackals, and dholes are predators of black bear cubs. 

Asiatic cheetah

The Asiatic cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus venaticus") is a critically endangered subspecies of the cheetah native to Asia.

It is also called the Iranian cheetah because the only living Asiatic cheetahs live in Iran. It is now extinct in India, but during British colonial times in India it was the famous hunting leopard. This name came about because some of these animals were kept captive by Indian royalty and used to hunt wild antelope.


Asiatic lion

The Asiatic lion ("Panthera leo persica") is a subspecies of the lion. It survives in the wild today only in India, but has also been sighted in a few areas of Pakistan, especially in Azad Kashmir. They once ranged from Southeast Europe to India, covering most of Southwest Asia, and hence it is also known as the Persian lion. It was the symbol of the Junagadh State. 

Under the 10th Nawab of Junagarh (r. 1911-1948), the Junagadh State developed a conservation effort in what is now the Gir National Park. This saved the Asiatic lion from almost certain extinction. Since the turn of the 20th century, the range of the Asiatic lion has included the Gir National Park and the surrounding areas in the Indian state of Gujarat. The population has steadily increased since 2010. In May 2015, the 14th Asiatic Lion Census was conducted over an area of about 20,000 km2 (7,700 sq mi); the lion population was estimated at 523 individuals, comprising 109 adult males, 201 adult females and 213 cubs. In August 2017, surveyors counted 650 wild lions. In June 2020, an estimation exercise counted 674 Asiatic lions in the Gir forest region, an increase of 29% over the 2015 census figure. In 2023, an Asiatic lion was spotted by forest officials in the Barda Wildlife Sanctuary in the state's Porbandar district for the first time since 1879.

The Asiatic lion is smaller than the African lion. Male Asiatic lions are slightly bigger than females. The maximum recorded length of a male Asiatic lion in the Gir National Park is 115 inches (from head to tail). Like African lions, male Asiatic lions also have a mane at the top of their heads but the growth is shorter, making it possible to see the ears. The Asiatic lion’s tail tuft is larger than the African lion’s. A feature common in the species but absent in their African counterparts is the fold of skin on the belly.

Although lions are social species, male Asiatic lions are generally solitary and may form a loose pride of up to three males. Females are more social and often have a strong pride of up to 12 females and their cubs. The pride of female lions will always share carcasses among themselves. Males and females often only associate for a short time during the mating season. Males have a large home range (56-89 square miles) compared to females (26-33 square miles).



Disk partitioning

Disk partitioning is about making a physical or logical hard disk usable by the operating system. Each disk partition can be used like a hard disk by the operating system. A hard disk can be divided into many partitions. This is especially useful for:

Usually each partition contains exactly one file system. It depends on what you use, but for some simple examples: Windows partitions will use FAT32 (File Allocation Table), and for the main system partition use NTFS (New Technology File System). For MacOS systems, the primary system partition uses (Apple File System). For Linux, the filesystems can vary, but on average you'd have a boot partition in FAT format, and either or BTRFS for the main system partition.

Honey badger

The honey badger or ratel ("Mellivora capensis") is a type of mustelid. It lives in Africa, the Middle East, and the Indian subcontinent.

Despite its name, the honey badger does not look much like other types of badgers. It looks more like a weasel. It mostly eats meat, and does not have many predators because of its thick skin and tough defensive ability.

The honey badger is the only member of the genus "Mellivora". Although it was first put to the badger group in the 1860s, they do not have much in common with the subfamily "Melinae". They are closer to the marten family.

The honey badger has a fairly long body, but is thick set and broad across the back. Its skin is loose, and lets it to turn and twist freely within it. The skin around the neck is thick, an adaptation to fighting each other. The head is small and flat, with a short muzzle. The eyes are small, and the ears are little more than ridges on the skin. These are also possible adaptations to avoiding damage while fighting.

The honey badger has short and sturdy legs, with five toes on each foot. The feet have very strong claws, which are short on the hind legs and very long on the forelimbs. It is a partially plantigrade animal whose soles are thickly padded and naked up to the wrists. The tail is short and is covered in long hairs, except below the base.

Adults are in shoulder height and 68–75 cm in body length, with females being smaller than males. Males weigh while females weigh 9.1 kg.

The honey badger has an anal pouch, a trait shared with hyenas. The smell of the pouch is said to be "suffocating", and may help calm bees when raiding beehives.

Its winter fur is long, with some coarse, bristle-like hairs. There are fewer hairs on the side, belly, and groin. The summer fur is shorter and has even fewer hairs, with the belly being half bare. The sides of the heads and lower body are pure black in colour. A large white band covers their upper bodies, beginning from the top of their heads down to the base of their tails.

Honey badgers live alone in self-dug holes. They are good diggers, being able to dig tunnels into hard ground in 10 minutes. These burrows always only have one passage and a nesting chamber and are usually not large, about 1–3 metres long. They do not put bedding in the nesting chamber. Although they usually dig their own burrows, they may take over aardvark and warthog holes that are no longer being used, or termite mounds.

Honey badgers are smart animals and are one of few species able to use tools. In the 1997 documentary series "Land of the Tiger", a honey badger in India was filmed using a tool; the animal rolled a log and stood on it to reach a kingfisher fledgling stuck up in the roots coming from the ceiling in an underground cave.

Honey badgers are fearless and tough animals. They are known to savagely attack their enemies when they cannot escape. They are tireless in combat and can wear out much larger animals in fights. The fact that most predators do not want to hunt honey badgers has led to the theory that the countershaded coats of cheetah kittens evolved to look like the honey badger in order to keep predators away. This would be an example of mimicry.

The voice of the honey badger is a hoarse ""khrya-ya-ya-ya"" sound. When mating, males make loud grunting sounds. Cubs vocalise through whines. When attacked by dogs, honey badgers scream like bear cubs.<ref name="p464/5">Pocock R.I. 1941. "Fauna of British India: Mammals", volume 2. London: Taylor and Francis.</ref>

Honey badgers have the least specialised diet among mustelids. In undeveloped areas, honey badgers may hunt at any time of the day, though they become nocturnal in places with high human populations. When hunting, honey badgers trot with their fore-toes turned in, moving at the same speed as a young man. Despite their name, honey badgers mostly eat meat, and will take any sort of animal food at hand, including carrion, small rodents, birds, eggs, insects, lizards, tortoises and frogs. They will eat fruit and vegetables such as berries, roots and bulbs.

They may hunt frogs and rodents such as gerbils and ground squirrels by digging them out of their burrows. Honey badgers are able to feed on tortoises without difficulty, due to their powerful jaws. They kill and eat snakes, even highly venomous or large ones. They have dug up human corpses in India.<ref name="p464/52"></ref> They devour all parts of their prey, including skin, hair, feathers, flesh and bones, holding their food down with their forepaws. When seeking vegetable food, they lift stones or tear bark from trees.

The species can be found through most of Sub-Saharan Africa from the Western Cape, South Africa, to southern Morocco and southwestern Algeria. Outside Africa it lives through Arabia, Iran and western Asia to Turkmenistan and the Indian subcontinent.

Honey badgers often kill chickens that humans are raising for food. Because of their strength and persistence, they are difficult to keep away. They are known to rip thick planks from hen-houses or burrow underneath stone foundations.

Because of their tough, loose skin, honey badgers are difficult to kill with dogs. Their skin is hard to get through, and its looseness allows them to twist and turn on their attackers when held. The only safe grip on a honey badger is on the back of the neck. The skin is also tough enough to resist several machete blows. The only sure way of killing them quickly is through a blow to the skull with a club or a shot to the head with a powerful rifle, as their skin is almost proof against arrows and spears.


Balochistan forest dormouse

The Balochistan forest dormouse ("Dryomys niethammeri") is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family. It is endemic to Pakistan.


Baluchistan pygmy jerboa

The Baluchistan pygmy jerboa ("Salpingotulus michaelis") is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family. It is the only species in the genus "Salpingotulus". It is endemic to Pakistan.

Himalayan brown bear

The Himalayan brown bear ("Ursus arctos isabellinus") is a subspecies of the brown bear. Himalayan brown bear are usually sandy or reddish-brown in colour. They are found in the foothills of the Himalaya and northern Pakistan, but are not found past Dachigam and Kashmir.

People also claim to have mistaken of what they thought was a Yeti (a Himalayan mythological ape-like creature) but was actually a Himalayan brown bear.

Syrian brown bear

The Syrian brown bear ("Ursus arctos syriacus") is the smallest subspecies of brown bear.

They are omnivorous, eating almost any type of food, including meat, grass, and fruits.

Bharal

The bharal or Himalayan blue sheep ("Pseudois nayaur") is a mammal of the Caprinae subfamily.

The bharal is found in the high Himalayas of Nepal, Tibet, China, Kashmir, Pakistan, Bhutan and the Republic of India.

The bharal has horns that grow upwards, curve out and then towards the back, somewhat like an upside down mustache.

Bharal are active throughout the day, feeding and resting on the grassy mountain slopes. With their excellent camouflage and the absence of cover in their environment, bharal stay motionless when approached. Once they have been noticed, however, they scamper up to the precipitous cliffs, where they once again freeze, using camouflage to blend into the rock face.

Where they overlap, they are the favourite prey of snow leopards and leopards. A few lambs fall prey to foxes or eagles.

Blackbuck

The blackbuck ("Antilope cervicapra") is a species of antelope. It lives mainly in western India, but also in parts of Pakistan within the Republic of India. It also lives in Nepal.

The blackbuck was once the state animal of Osmanistan. It is now the provincial animal of Eastern Punjab.

Jungle cat

The jungle cat ("Felis chaus") is a successful and widespread wild cat. It ranges from Egypt in the west to China in the east, and it is common in India.

The jungle cat is the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus "Felis". It is 20 to 37 inches in body length (50 to 97 cm), with a 8 to 12 inch tail (20 to 31 cm).

True to Bergmann's rule, the felid is largest at the northern limits of its range and becomes smaller-bodied closer to the tropics.

They live in savannas, tropical dry forests and reedbeds along rivers and lakes in the lowlands, but, despite the name, are not found in rainforests. Although they are adaptable animals, being found even in dry steppe, they prefer wetland environments with tall grasses or reeds in which to hide.

The jungle cat lives in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, central and Southeast Asia, Sri Lanka and in southern China. The jungle cat lives in places with lots of water and thick vegetation, such as swamps, wetlands, littoral and riparian areas, grasslands and shrub. It commonly lives in agricultural lands, such as fields of bean and sugarcane, in its range. It has often been seen near humans. It can even live in places with little vegetation. It is rare in places with lots of snow. Historical records show that it lives in altitudes of 2,310 m (7,580 ft) in the Himalayas. It does not like to live in rainforests and woodlands.

In Turkey, it has been recorded in wetlands near Manavgat, in the Akyatan Lagoon on the southern coast and near Lake Eğirdir. In Palestine, it was recorded in the Nablus, Ramallah, Jericho and Jerusalem.

In Iran, it lives in a lot of habitat. It lives from plains and agriculture lands to mountains at altitudes of 45 to 4,178 m (148 to 13,707 ft) in at least 23 of 31 provinces of Iran. In Pakistan, it was photographed in Haripur, Dera Ismail Khan, Sialkot Districts and Langh Lake Wildlife Sanctuary.

In India, it is the most common small wild cat. In Nepal, it was recorded in alpine habitat at altitudes of 3,000–3,300 m (9,800–10,800 ft) in Annapurna Conservation Area.

A few jungle cat mummies were found among the cats in ancient Egypt.

The jungle cat is mostly a carnivore. It likes to eat small mammals like gerbils, hares and rodents. It also hunts birds, fish, frogs, insects and small snakes. Its prey usually weighs less than 1 kg (2.2 lb). Sometimes, it eats mammals as large as young gazelles. The jungle cat is a partial omnivore. It eats fruits, especially in winter.

The jungle cat hunts by stalking its prey. It then chases its prey. The jungle cats ears helps the jungle cat to know where its prey is. It uses different ways to catch prey. Like the caracal, the jungle cat can jump high into the air to catch birds. It is a great climber. The jungle cat can run up to 32 km/h (20 mph). It is a good swimmer. It can swim up to 1.5 km (0.93 mi) in water. It can jump into water to catch fish.

Sand cat

The sand cat ("Felis margarita") is a small wild cat in the Felinae subfamily. It is distributed over African and Asian deserts. Sometimes people call it "desert cat," but that is really the name of a different animal. The sand cat does live in deserts, even the Sahara and Arabian Desert. It is also found in Iran and Pakistan. In zoos, this cat can live for up to 13 years.

The sand cat is about 50 cm long, not including the tail. The tail is 30 cm long and has rings on it. It weighs about 2.7 kg (6 lbs). It has sand-colored fur and a wide head with ears that can point up, out or down. There is fur on its paws so that the hot sand does not hurt it.

This cat finds shade or digs a burrow during the day and hides from the sunlight underground. It only lives in places where the sand or dirt is loose enough for it to dig. The sand cat looks for food at night. It eats rodents, lizards and insects. It can even hunt and kill snakes. It does not drink water, taking all its water from eating prey. It does not need to go near watering holes, so it can avoid bigger predators that might hurt it. Wolves, snakes, large birds and humans can hurt this cat.

The sand cat does not fight with other sand cats over territory. Sometimes sand cats will take turns in the same burrow, but they will not share it at the same time. The sand cat lives alone except when looking for mates and when mothers are raising cubs.

The sand cat lives in both sandy and stony deserts. It prefers flat terrain with little grass or small bush. It avoids bare and moving sand dunes, where there is little prey. Sand cats live in the Moroccan Sahara, Algeria, Mali, Ténéré Desert, Egypt, Sinai peninsula, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Jordan, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Pakistan.

In the Ténéré Desert, sand cats were seen hunting small rodents, young cape hare. They were also seen hunting greater hoopoe lark, desert monitor, sandfish, and venomous vipers. If they caught more than they could eat, they buried some to eat later.

In Israel, pieces of the Egyptian spiny-tailed lizards were found near burrows used by sand cats. They were seen hunting jirds, Cairo spiny mouse, desert lark, and small reptiles. In central Iran, pieces of the Blanford's jerboa and Balochistan gerbil were found around the dens of sand cats.

Chinkara

The Chinkara ("Gazella bennettii") or Jabeer Gazelle is a species of gazelle found in South Asia. It lives in grasslands and desert areas in the Republic of India, Bangladesh and parts of Iran and Pakistan. It is also known as the Indian Gazelle ("Gazella gazella bennetti").

Corsac fox

The corsac fox ("Vulpes corsac"), also known as the steppe fox, is a medium-sized Asiatic fox species. It is spread throughout the central steppes of Asia. It is very social and lives in "corsac cities" where animals have several dens with connected holes. It prefers some steppe and semi-desert in mountainous areas. It is mainly grey-reddish with silver celadon areas on their coat. The corsac fox is threatened by hunting for the fur trade.

Eurasian brown bear

The Eurasian Brown Bear ("Ursus arctos arctos") is a subspecies of the Brown Bear ("Ursus arctos"). It is found across northern Eurasia. It is the national animal of many countries including Finland.

Bears are known to attack humans for many reasons but actually they avoid attacking. One reason is that if you surprise a bear it is likely to attack. The other one, is that bears enjoy to eat food, which is why people tend to avoid leaving food in the forest where bears are.

The Eurasian brown bear is a omnivore (which eats everything). For example, they eat:


Eurasian wolf

The Eurasian wolf ("Canis lupus lupus") is a subspecies of the grey wolf ("Canis lupus"). It is also known as the common wolf, European Wolf, Carpathian Wolf, Steppes Wolf, Tibetan Wolf and Chinese Wolf. It originally lived in most of Eurasia, with a southern limit of the Himalayas in the Hindu Kush Range.

It is the largest of Old World grey wolves, averaging 39 kg (86 lb) in Europe.

False killer whale

The false killer whale ("Pseudorca crassidens") is a cetaceans and larger members of the oceanic dolphin family (Delphinidae). The species is the only member of the "Pseudorca" genus.

They live in temperate and tropical waters throughout the world. As its name implies, the false killer whale shares characteristics with the more widely known "Orca" ("killer whale"). The two species look somewhat similar and, like the orca, the false killer whale attacks and kills other cetaceans. However, the two dolphin species are not closely related.

The false killer whale has not been extensively studied in the wild by scientists; much of the data about the dolphin has been obtained by examining stranded animals.

Blanford's fox

Blanford's fox ("Vulpes cana"), is a small fox. It is found in steppes and mountains of Afghanistan, Egypt (Sinaï), Turkestan, northeast Iran, SW Pakistan, the West Bank and Israel. Blanford's fox has large ears. Its tail is almost equal in length to its body. Its coat is light tan.

In Flames

In Flames is a melodic death metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden. They, along with At the Gates, are often said to be a major influence on the type of heavy metal known as "melodic death metal". The band is signed to the Century Media record label and have released nine albums.

Chinese river dolphin

The Chinese river dolphin ("Lipotes vexillifer") or baiji was a river dolphin. It was found only in the Yangtze River in China. The last confirmed sighting of the baiji was in 2004 but there were possible sightings in 2007 and 2016 as well. The baiji was declared functionally extinct in 2007. that means experts said that even if there had been a few baiji left alive in 2007, there were probably not enough left to have young and keep the species alive. The IUCN Red List says the baiji is critically endangered but not really extinct.
The baiji was a graceful animal, with a long, narrow and slightly upturned beak and a flexible neck. As opposed to some other freshwater dolphins, like the Indus River dolphin, its eyes were functional, although greatly reduced. Its coloration was bluish-gray to gray above and white to ashy-white below. It weighed 135 – 230 kg (300 - 510 lb) and measured as much as 2.5 m (8.2') in length.

The World Conservation Union (IUCN) noted these threats to the species: 
Further studies have noted the environmental impact of building the Three Gorges Dam on the living space of the baiji.

It was the first dolphin species that humans have made extinct.

At the Gates

At the Gates is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden. They, along with In Flames, are seen as a big influence on the type of heavy metal called "melodic death metal".

Indian fox

The Bengal fox ("Vulpes bengalensis"), also known as the Indian fox, is a fox. It is endemic to the Indian subcontinent, and is found from the Himalayan foothills and Terai of Nepal through southern India and from southern and eastern Pakistan to eastern India and southeastern Bangladesh.

Clouded leopard

The clouded leopard ("Neofelis nebulosa") is a rare cat species. It is a medium-sized felid, found from the Himalayan foothills through mainland Southeast Asia into China. It is 55 to 110 cm (2 ft to 3 ft 6 in) long and weighs between 15 and 23 kg (33 to 50 lb). It is classified as vulnerable in 2008 by IUCN. Its total population may be fewer than 10,000 mature individuals.

Clouded leopards hunt in trees as well as on the ground. Their prey are monkeys and birds. They are one of the few cats who are arboreal.

The genetic analysis of specimens of "Neofelis nebulosa" and its close relative "Neofelis diardi" suggests the two species diverged 1.4 million years ago. A group crossed a now submerged land bridge to Borneo and Sumatra from mainland Asia. And, the Sunda clouded leopard is different enough on the two large islands to be classed as two subspecies.

The split between the two subspecies corresponds roughly with the catastrophic eruption of the Toba supervolcano in Sumatra 69,000–77,000 years ago. A probable scenario is that Sunda clouded leopards from Borneo recolonized Sumatra during periods of low sea levels in the Pleistocene, and these were later separated from their source population by rising sea levels.

Government of India Act 1935

The Government of India Act 1935 was the last constitution of British India which split Burma from it. It lasted until 1947, when British territory was split into Pakistan and India.

Features of the act:


Despite the failure of round table conferences, in March 1933 the British government announced its proposals for how India should be governed. These were published in a 'white paper' (a discussion issued before a Bill is presented to the British parliament). After discussions by the British politicians and consultation with Indian delegates, nominated by the government to take part in the talks, a Bill was introduced before the British parliament in December 1934. In August 1935, the Government of India Act became law. This was the last major legislation that the British government passed before independence was granted. The act was an important point in the move towards formal Independence. It provided the basis for negotiations which resulted in the British leaving India.
This act was opposed by both the Muslim League and Congress however both contested in the elections of 1937.

Brahmanbaria District

Brahmanbaria (Bengali: ব্রাহ্মণবাড়িয়া "Bramhonbaŗia") is a district in east-central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Chittagong Division. It was part of greater Comilla District until 1984. Before 1830 the Sarail Pargana was a part of Mymensingh district. The district has 4 municipalities, 39 wards, 97 mahallas, 7 upazilas, 98 union parishads, 1052 mouzas and 1329 villages.

Brahmanbaria District is located at the east-central region of Bangladesh. It has a total area of 1927.11 km². Brahmanbaria is bordered by Kishoreganj District and Habiganj District on the north, Comilla District on the south, Habiganj District and Tripura State, India on the east and Meghna River, Kishoreganj District, Narsingdi District and Narayanganj District on the west.

The district is mainly by low-lying land with small hills.

Dhund (tribe)

The Dhund Abbasi (also written "Dhúnd"; ) is a sub tribe of the Abbasi Tribe in Northern Pakistan. They are mainly settled in Abbottabad District and Murree Hills, Along with Tehsil Kahuta and in District Rawalpindi of Punjab Province. They are also found in District Haripur and Mansehra of Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province. Apart from Abbottabad and Murree, there are large populations of Dhund Abbasis living in the Bagh District and Muzaffarabad District of Azad Kashmir. The tribe speaks the "Dhundi-Kairlali" hill dialect of Pahari-Pothwari.
The word Dhund was an honorary name given to one of their forefathers.

The tribe traces its roots back to Al-‘Abbas ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib, the blessed uncle of The Holy Prophet Mohammad صلى الله عليه وسلم. The Dhund Abbasis are progeny of the Abbasid dynasty, who ruled over the Muslim empire from the Umayyads in 750 CE, and were known as the Abbasid Caliphate. The dynasty governed for 500 years from Baghdad, Iraq. The rule of the Abbasids extended eastwards across Afghanistan into the South Asian subcontinent, covering the eastern part of modern-day Pakistan.

The ancestor of the tribe, Ghayyas Ud Deen Zorab Shah, also known as, Sardar Zorab Khan Abbasi (998 AD - 1070 AD) was Governor General and d Khan had Daleel Mohammad Khan and Daleel Mohammad Khan had Rasib Khan. Rasib Khan had two sons named Shah Wali Khan Abbasi (Dhund Khan) and Bagh Wali Khan Abbasi (Bagh Khan). The Dhund Abbasi's of Murree, Hazara Divison and Azad Kahmir back their roots to Shah Wali Khan (Dhund who's shrine is in Chamankot, Tehsil Dheerkot Azad Kashmir. Bari Imam lived in the times of Mughal emperor Jahangir. This may mean that the Abbasis were present in considerable numbers at that time.


Bangladesh Standard Time

Bangladesh Standard Time (BST) is the time zone for Bangladesh. It is six hours ahead of UTC (UTC+6). Bangladesh does not observe any daylight saving time.

Bangladesh used summer time, making it Bangladesh Daylight Time (BDT). This was used from June 19 until December 31, 2009. The measure has not been used since.

Western European Summer Time

Western European Summer Time (WEST) is a summer daylight saving time scheme, 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. It is used in the following places:

Western European Summer Time is also known by other names:
The scheme runs from the last Sunday in March to the last Sunday in October each year. At both the start and end of the schemes, clock changes take place at 01:00 UTC. During the winter, Greenwich Mean Time (UTC+0) is used.

Frederica Sagor Maas

Frederica Alexandrina Sagor Maas (; July 6, 1900 – January 5, 2012) was an American playwright, screenwriter, essayist and author. She was the youngest daughter of Russian immigrants. She wrote for the film "The Plastic Age", which helped with making Clara Bow well known. During the time of McCarthyism, Maas and her husband got into trouble because they read some works of Communism. She wrote an autobiography called "The Shocking Miss Pilgrim: A Writer in Early Hollywood".


Western Schism

The Western Schism was a split between factions of the Roman Catholic Church between 1378 and 1417.

During this period, more than one claimed to be the true pope. 

The reasons for the split were mostly political, rather than theological. The Council of Constance (1414–1418) ended the schism when they elected Martin V as the new pope.

Avignon Papacy

The Avignon Papacy refers to the 70 years when the popes lived in Avignon instead of living in Rome. Philip IV of France had forced a papal conclave to elect a French pope, who decided he did not want to live in Rome.

This period started in 1309 and ended in 1376 when Pope Gregory XI returned to the pope's residence in Rome.

There was an attempt to return the papacy to Avignon, but it was not successful.

The Bishops of Rome who lived in Avignon were:


Two antipopes were based in Avignon as well:



John Wycliffe

John Wycliffe (lived from about 1320 to 1384 in England) was an English theologian. He was one of the first to translate the Christian Bible into English, the common language. His version is generally known as "Wyclif's Bible". A mission agency bearing his name, Wycliffe Bible Translators, still translates the scriptures into languages used around the world.

Wycliffe wrote that papal claims of temporal power had no foundation in the scriptures and that the Bible alone should be the standard of Christian belief and practice.

His family lived in a lower social class and did not live in great wealth but was not poor either. Later, after Wycliffe had grown up, he attended Oxford University, where he earned an arts degree. He became Master of Balliol College, Oxford, in 1361. He was also given a parish in Lincolnshire, which meant he had to give up the position of Master of Balliol. He lived at Oxford for a large portion of his life and worked as a rector, a member of the clergy, at local churches.

Many other changes came to his life. Some of his ideas disagreed with the Church's, but he had the support and protection of John of Gaunt, who then ruled England.

Wycliffe encouraged the Church to benefit the sinners of the world by living a life of poverty, but not everyone agreed with his thoughts and ideas. In some of his later writings, he wrote that the Bible was the authority of the Christian religion, and it was not of the Church. In 1382, his followers, known as the "Lollards", helped him translate the Bible. Early Protestants called him the first great reformer.



Conciliar movement

The Conciliar Movement was a Christian reform movement in the 14th and 15th centuries in the Roman Catholic Church which held that final authority in spiritual matters resided with the Church as a corporation of Christians, embodied by a general church council, not with the Pope. This movement occurred in Western Europe.
Conciliarism was started by Pope Innocent III and is still used today in France. 

Merchet

A merchet was a fine paid on a marriage in the Middle Ages in England. When a peasant woman was to get married to someone who was not of the same manor, her lord was paid money to allow her to be married. The money was usually paid by the father of the woman. This fine was paid because when the woman became married she would leave the manor with her new husband. Because of this, the lord would lose a worker.

Jacquerie

Jacquerie was a large uprising in late medieval Europe. It happened in 1358, when French peasants were protesting heavy taxation in the Oise valley north of Paris.

White-collar crime

White-collar crime refers to crimes done by people who work in offices. Those people often wear shirts with white collars. This is a sign of high status. Persons who work with their hands are sometimes called "blue collar" workers. Most white-collar crimes are done by persons in banking, business or government. The can include bribery, embezzlement, fraud or money laundering. The crimes are done along with their regular work. The term was created by Edwin Sutherland in 1939.

A related term, "fur-collar crime" refers to crimes committed by high-ranking officials, nobles and people of high status during the 15th century in Western Europe. Noble warriors, especially young bachelor knights who were not assigned any tasks, often did it. They robbed, plundered, and pillaged because they were bored and out of money. Crimes committed against a helpless peasantry by members of the nobility often went unpunished. 

WQED (TV)

WQED (channel 13, digital channel 38) is a PBS television station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Established 1 April 1954, it was the first community-sponsored television station in the United States as well as the fifth public TV station. WQED also became the first station to telecast classes to elementary classrooms when Pittsburgh launched the Metropolitan School Service in 1955. WQED has produced many shows for PBS, such as Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (which aired first run episodes from 19 February 1968 to 31 August 2001) after the station hired Fred Rogers. Pittsburgh Magazine is also a publication of WQED.

Peking University

Peking University (PKU; Beijing University) is a prestigious university in Beijing, China. It was created in 1898. The university is also known as Beida and is associated with C9 League. Peking University ranked as the 22nd best university in the 2020 QS World University Rankings.

It was founded during the late Qing Dynasty in 1898. At that time, it was known as the Imperial University of Peking (京师大学堂). Its English name retains the use of "Beijing" which is widely used in other contexts as well.

Nexon

NEXON Corporation () is a Korean gaming corporation and developer of online games and MMORPGs. Its headquarters are in Seoul, South Korea.

NEXON Corp. published their first title, "Nexus: The Kingdom of the Winds", in 1996. It was significant because "Nexus: The Kingdom of the Winds" was the world's first online graphic game to be published. It brought great success and fame to NEXON over the years. In 1998 NEXON released "Dark Ages: Online Roleplaying" which was loosely based on the Korean game "Legend of Darkness", using the same server technology. The North American version of "Dark Ages" was developed by David Kennerly

NEXON Corp. has also released a few unsuccessful games to the North American audience in beta form which have since been dropped. They include "Elemental Saga", "QuizQuiz", "KartRider" and "Elancia". "QuizQuiz" never left beta stage in North America but was later released through the Japanese division of NEXON, NEXON Japan, in a Japanese version. "QuizQuiz" has since evolved into the exclusively Korean and Japanese online game "Q-Play", while "Elemental Saga" was eventually cancelled. NEXON has several games exclusively available to Korean players such as "Elancia," and "Crazy Arcade"

In 2001, NEXON Inc. released Shattered Galaxy, published through TriSynergy. Though it had previously won the Seumas McNally Grand Prize at the 2001 Independent Games Festival, hosted through the Game Developers Conference, the game floundered when it was released to retail. It was subsequently maintained exclusively through KRU Interactive. Shattered Galaxy itself was a heavily localised and customised version of its Korean parent game, Tactical Commanders.

In 2003, Wizet created a hugely successful game called "MapleStory", which eventually had clients in South Korea, Japan, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Southeast Asia, North America and Europe and many other places. NEXON then merged with Wizet and jointly control MapleStory.

It has produced several online video games, primarily MMORPGs and online action games. Most games have used a 2D perspective, including side-scrolling, top-down, and isometric perspectives. Newer 3D titles are currently being published. Although most games are available for free, various gameplay enhancements can be purchased.

NEXON is one of the pioneers of the Free to Play model using Virtual Asset Sales to generate revenue. Of a reported $230M in revenue for 2005, 85% was said to be from the sale of virtual items.

NEXON announced that they have made a partnership with Nintendo, though they will continue games for the computer as well. Together, they are currently working on MapleStory DS for Nintendo's handheld console, Nintendo DS.

On July 27, 2007, NEXON and Valve made a partnership and announced "Counter-Strike Online", a new online version of the world's most popular first person shooting multiplayer game that will be tailored for Asia. Under the terms of the agreement between two studios, NEXON developed and became the exclusive publisher for "Counter-Strike Online" in South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and China.

Commonly referred to as 'NX Cash' or just 'NX', the NEXON Cash system was one of the first systems to use the Virtual Asset Sales(VAS) model. The NEXON Cash system was first introduced in the Korean version of MapleStory. The NEXON Cash system allows users to purchase NEXON cash with real money. The NX cash can be used to obtain virtual game items that other users normally wouldn't have. You can buy cards with 5, 10, 25 or 50 dollar values. Players can use this virtual cash to buy items for their characters in games that support a "Cash Shop." The NEXON Cash system has appeared in other games to generate additional funds for their company and keep their games free to play.

On January 11, 2007, NEXON America announced the release of "NEXON Prepaid Cards". The prepaid cards contain amounts of 10,000 ($10 USD) or 25,000 ($25 USD) NX currency that can be redeemed for NX Cash. As of 15 October, 2008 the prepaid cards are available in North American 7-Eleven stores, Target(Nexon no longer sells these at Target), Duane Reade, CVS/pharmacy, Best Buy, Rite Aid, Longs Drugs, and Blockbuster stores in the US. In Canada, the cards are available at Future Shop, Best Buy, Shoppers Drug Mart, and 7-Eleven.

Recently MapleStory's Trade Shop was established, in which users can buy game items with real NEXON Cash. However, only NEXON Cash from the prepaid cards can be used in this. In the Trade Shop, players can request items for others to sell and even put up their own items for a certain amount of cash depending on the item's rarity and benefits.

Wizet is a game development studio in Seoul, South Korea, and is popular for its hit game, MapleStory. Wizet developed a franchise system and expanded its services to Japan, China, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, the USA, Europe, and Brazil. Eventually, Wizet reached the global world after having finished developing key features of MapleStory.

Wizet started as a small company with ideas to create yet another massively multiplayer online role-playing game which they achieved by creating MapleStory and with the financial resources from their parent company Nexon, Wizet was capable of developing and even selling merchandise of their popular game MapleStory.

Spotter

A spotter is someone trained to look for something. The term has the following special meanings.


Sniper scope

A sniper scope or telecopic sight is a kind of telescope that is attached to a rifle. These scopes can help a sniper aim and hit a target far away. Usually, they are made of metal, with glass on each end. They show markings to help aim. A rifle scope works by enlarging target area so you can aim more accurately. Scopes differ from iron sights, which are usually used in crossbows or some machine guns.

The scope hasn’t been around forever. In fact, scopes are relatively new inventions, dating back to the late 19th century. A book published in 1844 called "the Improved American Rifle" documents some of the first rifle markers manufactured in New York. The idea of using a telescope tube came in 10 years later. Willian Malcolm, a New York manufacturer, introduced optics to lenses.

It was during the World War when rifle scopes saw big improvements. With trench warfare came the rise of the snipers.

Back then, 6x magnification was considered a feat. But with today’s technology, we could use even 10x magnification scopes with rifles.

Burlap

Burlap, also known as hessian, is a woven, rough cloth, made from jute, hemp, or other fiber. 

Burlap is often sewn into large sacks for packing and shipping bulk foods such as dried beans and grains. After filling, the sack can be sewn closed and the stitching opened so the sack can be reused.

Ghillie suit

A ghillie suit is a special kind of military camouflage suit used by snipers. It is made of netting, with woven threads of burlap, yute, and other fibers in to help hide the sniper's body outline. Ghillie suits are heavy, usually weighing 3-10 pounds or more, and can become very hot. They also can catch on objects when used in the woods and make movement difficult. Still, they are one of the best kinds of camouflage a sniper can use. With a properly made ghillie suit that matches the terrain around him, a sniper can be almost invisible, even to a soldier right next to him.


Counter-sniping

Counter-sniping is a job performed by soldiers in an army to find and kill an enemy sniper. They use binoculars, telescopes, and sniper scopes to locate the enemy. Once he is found, usually they will have another sniper try to shoot him.

When famous people give speeches, the police sometimes use counter-snipers to prevent the person from being shot.

Carlos Hathcock

Gunnery Sergeant Carlos Norman Hathcock II (May 20, 1942 – February 23, 1999) was a U.S. Marine Corps scout/sniper. He was famous for having one of the highest numbers of confirmed kills in the U.S. military, during the Vietnam War, as well as holding the record for many years for the longest sniper kill in history.

Sunda Strait

Sunda Strait is the strait that is between the islands of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia.
It is the location of the volcano Krakatoa. which erupted in 1883 covering both islands with stuff

Answering machine

An answering machine (other names are answerphone, ansaphone, ansafone and Telephone Answering Device (TAD)) is a machine. It is attached to a telephone line. If the phone is not answered after a few rings, it will play a message to the caller. The caller can then leave a message (after a sound that has become known as "the beep"). It is different form voicemail which is based in the network. Answering machines are installed at home (or at the office).

At first, answering machines used tapes (a smaller version of audio cassettes). Today, most systems use computer memory to store the messages and the prerecorded text. Many systems allow to listen to the left messages by simply calling the answering machine. Answering machines also have a system to save costs: If there are no new messages, there will be fewer rings.

Vocation

A vocation (from the Latin word "vocātiō" meaning a calling) is a job that suits a person best. It is also the desire to do a particular job, especially a religious career like being a priest. For religious people, a vocation is often something they feel God has asked them to do. A vocation is followed more for spiritual or emotional reasons than for money, which is a helpful extra benefit from a vocation but not the reason for it.

Vocations meet a psychological or spiritual need for the worker, and the word can also be used for a job at which a person is gifted. The word "vocation" comes from the Latin "vocare", meaning "to call";. In the past the word meant people's being called to follow Christianity. Martin Luther was the first to use it in the modern way, to describe a life-task.

Christians believe God has created each person with gifts and talents designed for a reason. Christians can be called to vocations that are faithful to Christian teachings, such as marriage, or to be a priest, monk or nun, chastity as a single person or the general calling to live a life that is right, for the good of the Church or humanity.

For those who are not priests or full-time religious people, Protestantism was important in telling them they still had a vocation. Calvinism told people to work hard in life. Calvin said a Christian had two callings; a general calling to serve God and a calling to do a particular job at which they are useful. Protestant ministers in the past said working hard gives God glory. Without something to do, they said people were more likely to sin.

This belief also has an impact outside of religion. Modern occupations seen as vocations are those that involve caring or teaching, such as medicine, nursing, teaching, or veterinary work. Politics, may also be seen as a vocation. Campaigning for human rights, such as with the groups Amnesty International and Greenpeace, can also be seen as a vocation, although the word usually refers to a full-time job. People following other religions can also feel called to do a certain job by their gods.

The Daily Telegraph (Sydney)

The Daily Telegraph is a newspaper published in Sydney, Australia. It is made by an Australian company called News Limited. It started in 1879.


The West Australian

The West Australian is a newspaper published in Perth, Western Australia. It is made by an Australian company called West Australian Newspapers Holdings. It started in 1833.


The Daily Telegraph

The Daily Telegraph is a British daily morning broadsheet newspaper, which began in 1855. The newspaper was started by Arthur B. Sleigh in June 1855 as the Daily Telegraph and Courier, and since 2004 has been owned by David and Frederick Barclay.

In January 2008, the "Telegraph" was the highest selling newspaper among British broadsheets and former broadsheets, with selling an average of 842,912 copies each day. This compared to 617,483 for "The Times", 358,844 for "The Guardian", and 215,504 for "The Independent". In August 2010 the paper sold 673,010 copies, against 494,205 for "The Times".

It has been described as conservative and right-wing.


Missy Higgins

Missy Higgins (born Melissa Morrison Higgins on 19 August 1983) is an Australian singer and songwriter. She has released five studio albums.

Higgins was born in Melbourne, Australia. She was a student at Geelong Grammar School. Most of her spare time at the school was spent in a music room, playing the piano. When she was 15 years old, she wrote a song called "All for Believing" that got an "A" in a school assignment. The next year, Higgins went to a record label, but was denied because she had not written any other songs. She began writing new songs. In the meantime, her sister sent "All for Believing" to Triple J, and it won an "Unearthed" competition. Because of this, record labels Sony and EMI both contacted her. Higgins chose "Eleven", a part of EMI.

Backup

In the context of computers and computer systems, a backup is a copy of some data. This copy can be used when the original data is changed, or lost. Losing data is common: A 2008 survey found that two thirds of respondents had lost files on their home PC. Another purpose of backing up data is to have a copy that represents an earlier state of the data, before it was changed. Organisations may have rules which state how long data should be kept, and what kinds of data these rules apply to. In many countries there are rules that specify that certain kinds of data need to be kept for a given time. An example of this is the data used for accounting.

Backups are a simple form of disaster recovery. Even though they are commonly seen as disaster recovery, they should be part of a disaster recovery plan. A disaster recovery plan is a documented set of procedures and tasks to perform to protect the consistency and integrity of a corporate IT system. 

There are different types of backup systems that use different kinds of media. Common backup media includes:

Some of the backup media are portable, and can easily be stored in a safe location. The problem with storing tapes in a bank safe, for example is that they are only available during the opening hours of the bank.

Another issue has commonly been the speed of the backup. Media such as digital tapes can store a lot of data, but accessing them is relatively slow. Tapes can only be read or written in sequence, while media such as hard disks or optical drives are basically random access. When data is backed up, its encoding is often changed. This makes it possible to use codes such as Cyclic redundancy checks, which can detect, and sometimes repair an error.

Backups are usually done for one of the following reasons:

A full backup copies all of the data. This means that if the main copy of the data is lost, we can bring it all back simply by copying the data back from the backup.

A differential backup only copies the data that has changed since the last full backup. The reason we do this is that sometimes only a small amount of data has changed since the last full backup; this means we can do a differential backup much more quickly.

If someone loses their data, and needs to get it back from a differential backup, they need to use the last full backup, to bring back all of their data. They then need to use the last differential backup to bring back everything that was changed between the full backup and the differential backup.

An incremental backup only copies the data that has changed since the last incremental backup. This makes each backup quicker, because we are only copying what has changed since the last backup. To bring the data back, if the main copy of the data is lost, we need the last full backup, as well as all of the incremental backups that have been done since then. This means that bringing data back from an incremental backup is slower and more risky than differential or full backups.

The Grandfather-father-son system means that we keep different types of backup for different amounts of time. For example, we might do a backup every day, and keep a week's worth of backups. We might then keep one backup for each week for a month, and one backup from each month for a year. This means that we have a backup of our data from a year ago, so that if we realise we need some data from a long time ago, we have that data available. We also have several copies of our recent data, in case one of them doesn't work.

Colin Delaney

Colin Matthew Delaney (born September 7, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time with WWE on its ECW brand. He has also wrestled for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and for many independent promotions. These include Squared Circle Wrestling, Chikara, NWA Upstate, Combat Zone Wrestling and the International Wrestling Cartel. He has wrestled using the ring names Colin Olsen and the "Extremely Cute Wrestler" Colin Delaney.

Delaney made his World Wrestling Entertainment debut as a jobber, seen wrestling on the ECW show. On August 15, Delaney was released by WWE.

Colin has an older brother Ed who competes as "Hangin' Tough" Freddie Midnight, and younger brother Brian who competed as Mr. Bodacious.


List of Calgary Flames players

The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). Since their arrival in 1980, nearly 400 players have worn the Flames jersey for at least one regular season or playoff game. The Flames have won the Stanley Cup once, in 1989, and four players have been elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame; the most recent electee is Al MacInnis, who was enshrined in 2007.

Fourteen players have served as the captain of the Calgary Flames, beginning with Brad Marsh in 1980–81. Doug Risebrough, Jim Peplinski and Lanny McDonald served together as co-captains in the 1980s; the latter two led the Flames to the 1989 Stanley Cup. The most recent captain of the Flames, and the team's longest serving player, is Jarome Iginla. Iginla joined the Flames for the 1996 Stanley Cup playoffs and, as of 2013, is the Flames' all-time leader in games played, points and goals scored. Currently, the Flames captain is Mark Giordano.

"Note: Statistics are complete as of the end of the 2018–19 NHL season."
"Note: Statistics are complete as of the end of the 2018–19 NHL season."


Abstract

Abstraction is the process of leaving out certain details of an idea or a concept to make it more general. 
The word abstract has the following connections:

Seminar

Seminar is a conference for discussion or training. 
In college, students meet in seminars to discuss some general topic of interest. It is essentially a place where assigned readings are discussed, questions can be raised and debates can be conducted.

WYSIWYG

WYSIWYG ( or ), is an acronym for "What You See Is What You Get", used in computing to describe a system where things you edit on the on-screen editor appear almost the same to the final output, which might be a printed document, a web page, a PowerPoint presentation or even the lighting for a concert. Web designers often use this word to talk about their work.



Philosopher's Stone

The Philosopher's Stone is a substance that alchemists believed was able to turn base (impure) metals (such as lead) into pure gold. They thought it could also be used for rejuvenation (to become younger again) and to achieve immortality (to live forever).

The first "Harry Potter" book is called "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" ("Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" in the United States).

The manga and anime series Fullmetal Alchemist.

OpenOffice Calc

OpenOffice Calc is the spreadsheet part of the OpenOffice software package.

Calc is similar to Microsoft Excel, with almost the same abilities. Calc is capable of opening and saving spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel's file format. It provides a number of features not present in Excel, including a system which automatically defines a series for graphing based on the layout of the user's data. Calc is also capable of writing spreadsheets directly as PDF files.

The default file format for OpenOffice Calc version 2.x or 3.x can be set to either Microsoft Excel's native file format or the Open Document Format (ODF). Calc also supports a wide range of other file formats, for both opening and saving files.

Just like the entire OpenOffice package, Calc can be used on many operating systems, including Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Solaris. Available under the Apache License, Calc is free software.

Calc can store a maximum of 65,536 rows with 1024 OOoo columns in each sheet, with a maximum of 256 sheets. There is a way to increase these limits, but it is only suitable for ODF and text-based formats, as there is a risk of data turning unusable for binary formats such as Microsoft Excel's file format.
Version 2 of Calc was able to store a maximum of 65,536 rows with 256 columns in each sheet, with a maximum of 256 sheets.
Prior to V2.0, the limit on the number of rows was 32,0000.

Abilities of Calc include:

In some cases, Calc lacks a GUI to access certain advanced features that other spreadsheet software have, such as statistical abilities like error bar support on graphs, and polynomial regression analysis, however, many of these calculations can still be performed by manually entering the functions. Another FOSS application called Gnumeric provides easier access to these statistical analysis features by showing them to users with a wizard.


Gary Gygax

Ernest Gary Gygax (July 27, 1938 – March 4, 2008) (IPA: ) was an American writer and game designer. He was best known for co-creating the early role-playing game "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") with Dave Arneson in 1974. Gygax is often thought of as one of the first people to make role-playing games.



Golden jackal

The golden jackal ("Canis aureus"), also called the Asiatic, Oriental or common jackal is a carnivorous mammal of the Canidae family.

It is native to southeastern Europe, Southeast Asia, the Middle East and South Asia. It is the largest of the jackals, and the only species of jackal to live outside Africa. 13 subspecies of golden jackal are recognised.

Dhole

The dhole ("Cuon alpinus)" is a canid from Asia. Canid means that it is related to dogs and foxes. It is native to Central, South and Southeast Asia. There are many common names for it: Asiatic wild dog, Indian wild dog, whistling dog, red dog, and mountain wolf.

It is most closely related to species in the genus "Canis" (dogs and wolves),

During the Pleistocene time period, the dhole lived in Asia, Europe and North America, but 12,000–18,000 years ago it died out everywhere except where it lives now.

The dhole lives in big, loosely organised groups with several breeding females. The groups usually have about 12 dholes, but some have over 40. It is awake in the day and hunts in groups. It usually eats medium sized to big hoofed animals. In tropical forests, the dhole competes with tigers and leopards, targeting somewhat different prey species, but still with substantial dietary overlap.

It is listed as Endangered by the IUCN. The population is getting smaller, and there are probably fewer than 2,500 adults left. The reasons for this are lack of habitat, lack of food, competing with other animals, being hunted, and getting diseases from pet dogs.

It is unclear where the word "dhole" comes from. The word was first used in English by soldier Thomas Williamson in 1808, who said that "dhole" is a native name for the animal used by people in Ramghur district, India. In 1827, Charles Hamilton Smith said "dhole" comes from a language spoken in 'various parts of the East'. However, Richard Lydekker wrote about 80 years later that the word "dhole" was not used by people living where dholes are found. The Merriam-Webster Dictionary suggests the word comes from the Kannada word tōḷa, meaning "wolf".

Peter Pallas gave dholes the scientific name "Canis alpinus" ("mountain dog" in Latin) in 1811. He said it lived in Amurland (in Eastern Siberia), to the east of the Lena River. He added that dholes also lived around the Yenisei River and that they sometimes crossed into China. However, dholes may not still live so far north today.

The British naturalist Brian Hodgson gave the dhole the scientific name "Canis primaevus" ("original/primitive dog") and suggested that it was domesticated to become the pet dog. He later noticed how differently the dhole looked compared to other species in the genus "Canis" (containing wolves, pet dogs, coyotes and jackals) and put it in its own genus, "Cuon", from the Greek word for 'dog'.

The first study on the evolution of the dhole was done by paleontologist Erich Thenius, who found that dholes descend from an animal which looked like a golden jackal and which lived in the Pleistocene. The earliest known member of the genus "Cuon" is "Cuon majori", which lived during the Villafranchian period in the early Pleistocene. "C. majori" looked more like other species in the genus "Canis" than modern dholes.

European dholes, which lived during the Late Middle Pleistocene, looked like modern dholes except they were much larger, getting to be as big as the gray wolf. Dholes became extinct in most of Europe during the end of the Ice Age, though they may have survived up until the early Holocene in the Iberian Peninsula and in northern Italy. During the Pleistocene, dholes also lived on islands in Asia where they are now extinct, such as Sri Lanka, Borneo and possibly Palawan in the Philippines. Dholes also lived in North America, with fossils having been found in Beringia and Mexico.

The dhole's distinctive appearance has made it difficult to say which other species in the dog family it is most closely related to. George Simpson suggested the dhole, African wild dog and bush dog were in the same subfamily ("Simocyoninae") because all three species have similar teeth. However, other biologists such as Juliet Clutton-Brock found that dholes' bodies had more similarities with dogs in the genera "Canis", the Falkland Islands wolf, and the Arctic fox than the African wild dog and the bush dog. The similarities dholes share with African wild dogs and bush dogs are coincidental.

Some biologists believe the extinct genus "Xenocyon" was the ancestor of the African wild dog and the dhole. However, later studies showed that the dhole and the African wild dog are closely related to other members of the genus "Canis". This could be true because according to the zoologist Reginald Pocock, there is a record of a dhole and a golden jackal having babies together in an animal collection in Madras.

In 2018, the DNA of all members of the genus "Canis" (except for the black-backed jackal and side-striped jackal), the dhole and the African wild dog were compared. It was discovered that long ago, dholes and African wild dogs bred with each other. Today, these species live very far from each other. Thus, the study suggests that dholes may have once lived in the Middle East, where African wild dogs in North Africa came and bred with the dholes. However, no fossils of dholes have been discovered in either the Middle East or North Africa yet.source?

In the past, ten subspecies of the dholes were recognised. However, since 2005, only three subspecies of dholes have been recognised:

However, studies on the dhole's DNA show little genetic difference between the subspecies. Dholes in Sumatra and Java may have been brough there by humans.

Dholes have been described as looking like a mixture between a gray wolf and a red fox. They are also "cat-like" because of their slender back and legs, and its head has a shape like a hyena's due to the short snout. Dholes have six molars on their lower jaw, unlike other canids which have seven. Dholes have special teeth which help them to eat the meat from their prey quickly, preventing other animals from stealing their food.

Adult female dholes can weigh from 10 to 17 kg (22 to 37 lb), while adult male dholes may weigh from 15 to 21 kg (33 to 46 lb). Dholes are 43 to 50 cm (17 to 22 in) tall at the shoulder and are 91 cm (3 ft) long, not including the tail. Dholes have oval-shaped ears.

Dholes are usually reddish, and they may become brighter red in winter. The throat, chest, flanks, and belly and the upper parts of the legs are yellowish. The lower parts of the legs are whitish, with dark brownish bands on the front legs. The tail is very fluffy and black. Dholes have shorter and rougher fur in summer. Dholes may moult (shed their fur to grow new fur) from March to May.

Dholes can whistle, although how they whistle is unknown. They whistle to communicate with the rest of the pack while travelling through thick forest. When attacking prey, they emit screaming KaKaKaKAA sounds. Other sounds include whines, growls, screams, chatterings and yapping cries. Unlike wolves, dholes do not howl or bark.

In Central Asia, dholes mainly live in mountainous areas. Dholes which live to the west are mainly found in meadows and steppes, while dholes which live to the east mainly live in the taiga. Dholes may also go to the seashore. In India, Myanmar, Indochina (Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam), Indonesia and China, dholes mainly live in forests in mountains, although they may sometimes live in grasslands.

The dhole might continue to live in the Tunkinsky National Park in southern Siberia near Lake Baikal. Dholes may still live in the Primorsky Krai province in far eastern Russia, where it was considered a rare and endangered species in 2004. There are unconfirmed sightings of dholes in the Pikthsa-Tigrovy Dom protected forest area. Elsewhere in Russia, no sightings of dholes have been reported since the late 1970s.

Dholes are likely extinct in Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.

In recent years, one dhole was caught in southern China's Jiangxi district. In 2011 to 2013, local government officials and herders reported the presence of several packs of dholes living in high mountains in the Karakoram region of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region. Dholes have also recently been seen in the Altun Mountains near Tibet. Dholes occur in small numbers in Gansu Province, with sightings of several packs in 2006 and again in 2013-2014.

Dholes still live in Tibet and possibly also in North Korea.

Dholes live in most of India south of the Ganges River. In northeast India, it is present in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, and West Bengal and in the Indo-Gangetic Plain's Terai region. There are very few dholes in the Himalayas and northwest India. In 2011, dhole packs were recorded by camera traps in the Chitwan National Park.

In Bhutan, dholes were poisoned in the 1970s to protect livestock, but the campaign stopped and the population of dholes increased there in the 1990s.

Dholes still live in northeastern and southeastern Bangladesh. However, most sightings of dholes in Bangladesh are of small groups or single dholes, and the dholes in Bangladesh may not continue to breed for long.

The presence of dholes in Myanmar was confirmed by camera-trapping in 11 areas. In 2015, dholes and tigers were recorded by camera-traps for the first time in the hill forests of Karen State.

There are few large packs of dholes in the Malaysian Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Vietnam and Thailand. In 2014, camera-trap videos in the rainforests on mountains in Sumatra showed dholes continue to live there.

In the 1990s, two Turkish scientists claimed to have seen dholes in northeastern Turkey. Some scientists believe they were true, but others question this claim. Also, one dhole may have been shot in the Caucasus Mountains in 2013; its remains (including a skull) were studied by a biologist in May 2015, who decided the skull was from a dhole. In August 2015, researchers from Sofia, Bulgaria tried to find this population of dholes in Turkey. On October 12, 2015, this research team concluded that there is no clear evidence of dholes continuing to live in Turkey or the Caucasus Mountains.

Dholes were first described in European literature in 1794 by a Russian traveller named Pesterev, who saw dholes during his travels in far eastern Russia. He said that dholes regularly hunt Alpine ibexes in packs, and that it looks like the golden jackal.

Tibetan fox

The Tibetan Sand Fox ("Vulpes ferrilata") is a species of true fox. It is endemic to the high Tibetan Plateau in Nepal, China, and Kashmir, up to altitudes of about 5,300 metres. It is sometimes referred to as the Tibetan Fox, or simply as the Sand Fox, but this terminology is confusing because the Corsac Fox (Vulpes corsac), which lives in arid environments north and west of the Tibetan Plateau, is often called the "Sand Fox" as well.

Rüppell's fox

Rüppell's Fox ("Vulpes rueppelli"), also spelled "Rueppell's Fox" and also called the Sand Fox, is a species of fox. 

It lives in North Africa and the Greater Middle East region, from Morocco to Pakistan. It is named after the German collector Eduard Rüppell. It has an average life expectancy of up to 6 or 7 years in the wild, but can live much longer in captivity.

Fraser's dolphin

Fraser's dolphin ("Lagenodelphis hosei"), also known as the Sarawak dolphin, is a cetacean in the oceanic dolphin family (Delphinidae).
It is found in deep waters in the Pacific Ocean and to a lesser extent in the Indian Ocean and Atlantic Oceans.

Egyptian fruit bat

The Egyptian fruit bat ("Rousettus aegyptiacus") is a species of Old World fruit bat. 
It is found throughout Africa, except in the desert regions of the Sahara, and throughout the Middle East, as far east as Pakistan and northern Republic of India. 

Goitered gazelle

The goitered gazelle, black-tailed gazelle or Persian gazelle ("Gazella subgutturosa") is an antelope. It can run at high speed, without the leaping and bounding seen in other gazelles.

It is found in a large area of Central Asia, including part of Iran and southern west Pakistan in the western end of the range, as well as the Gobi Desert. The specific name means "full below the throat" and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season.

Great gerbil

The great gerbil ("Rhombomys opimus") is a large gerbil. It is found throughout much of Central Asia.

Himalayan goral

The Himalayan goral ("Naemorhedus goral"), also known as the gray goral, is a member of the Caprinae subfamily. It is a small, rough-haired, cylindrical-horned ruminant native to the Himalayas. In the past, it was also known as "Urotragus goral".

Hog deer

The hog deer or 'Indian hog deer' ("Hyelaphus porcinus") is small deer. It is widespread in Asia. It lives in Pakistan, Kashmir, northern India, Nepal, Bangladesh, southwestern Yunnan Province in China, all the way to western Thailand. 

The deer gets its name from the way it runs through the forests with its head hung low so that it can duck under obstacles instead of leaping over them like most other deer. It runs with its tail erect, showing the white underside.

Songs About Jane

Songs About Jane is the first album by American pop rock group Maroon 5. It was released on June 25, 2002, under J Records in the United States. The album was re-released on October 14, 2003, under Octone Records. It was produced by Matthew Wallace. The album spawned the singles "Harder to Breathe", "This Love", and "She Will Be Loved."

The album peaked at number-six on the Billboard 200 albums chart selling a round-up of 3 million album sales. By the time 2004 concluded, the album was titled multi-platinum in sales in several different countries.

On May 22, 2012, the band announced on their website that they would be celebrating the ten year anniversary of the album on by releasing a limited edition re-issue. The re-issue was released on June 5, 2012. 2 Disc CD Re-issue of 'Songs About Jane', featuring Original Demos, Unreleased Material and videos and a limited edition Lithograph incorporating original art inspired by each song and 'Songs About Jane' Album art.

All songs written by Jesse Carmichael and Adam Levine, except where noted.



Harder to Breathe

"Harder to Breathe" is the first single and the first track of Maroon 5's first album "Songs About Jane". The single was released in 2003.

The video features the band in a factory playing the song while objects keep disappearing and appearing as lead singer Adam Levine is found playing a guitar and walking down hallways.

Harder to breathe is song by chase, he covered the song but electronic, it went EDM, or Electropop, Or alternative rock styles 

it did a cool music cover of 4HD Music Publishing

She Will Be Loved

"She Will Be Loved" is the third single off the debut album by rock band Maroon 5 called "Songs About Jane". The song is also the fourth track off the album. The song was released in June 2004. 

The video features Adam Levine (lead singer of Maroon 5) who falls in love with his girlfriend's mother. She is played by Kelly Preston and is being victimized by her husband. The band is briefly shown in the video.


"She Will Be Loved" ranked No. 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and No. 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

Sunday Morning (Maroon 5 song)

"Sunday Moring" is a song by the pop/rock band Maroon 5. The single is the 4th single off the album "Songs About Jane" and is the 8th track. "Sunday Morning" was released in 2004.

The music video was filmed at Abbey Road Studios in London. It features Maroon 5 performing the song, interspensed with scenes of numerous people singing it at a karaoke bar. The song has also been featured on the soundtracks of "Something's Gotta Give" and "Love Actually" (although the latter was the "1.22.03.Acoustic" version). The song is also featured in the 2005 film "Cheaper by the Dozen 2". Additionally, it is featured on the Xbox 360 karaoke game "Lips", as downloadable content. Andrew Garcia covered the song on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" after his 2010 elimination from "American Idol".


J.A.R.

"J.A.R." is a song by American punk rock band Green Day. The song is on the motion picture soundtrack, "Angus". It stands for Jason Andrew Relva.


Angus (movie)

Angus is a 1995 comedy-drama movie directed by Patrick Read Johnson and written by Jill Gordon.

Debut

A debut or début is the first public appearance of a person or thing.


Kharkiv

Kharkiv also known as Kharkov, is a city in Ukraine, the capital of Kharkiv Oblast. It is the second largest city in Ukraine. It is in the east of Ukraine and has a very well developed economy. It was founded in 1655 and the population as of 2010 was 1,449,000. 

Kharkiv was also the first city in Ukraine where the Soviet power was proclaimed and Soviet government was formed.

The city was established in 17th century by Cossacks.

In 1745 became the governorate capital.
Kharkiv has the university since 1805, technical high school since 1885.

The population in 1897 was 173,989. It consisted of Russians (63.2%), Ukrainians (25.9%), Jews (5.7%), Poles (2.3%), Germans (1.35%) etc.

Kharkiv was the capital of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1919 to 1934.

Before the Nazi invasion Kharkiv was the great industrial center. It had 1.5 mln people.

In 1941, October 25 the city was occupied by German troops.
1943, August 23 became the day of liberation of Kharkiv by the Red Army.

In 1973 metro in Kharkiv was open.

In 2022-2023 Kharkiv was bombed during the Russian Invasion .




Opeth

Opeth is a heavy metal band from Stockholm, Sweden. The band name came from the word "Opet", which was the name of a ruined ancient city in the Wilbur Smith novel "Sunbird" and is translated as "City of the Moon". 

Opeth play "progressive death metal" (which comes from combining "progressive rock" and "death metal"). Opeth are also influenced by blues and jazz, and their songs often have both electric and acoustic parts. 

The band's members have changed many times since Opeth started in 1990, but band member Mikael Åkerfeldt has always been present. Although he did not start the band, Åkerfeldt is the only band member to perform in every album. 

Opeth has released thirteen studio albums, four live/video albums, and three box-sets.

The band went on their first world tour after the release of their fifth studio album "Blackwater Park".

Opeth was formed in 1990 by David Isberg. Isberg asked Mikael Åkerfeldt to play bass guitar for Opeth without telling any of the other Opeth band members. When Åkerfeldt showed up to play with the band the next day, the band members refused to throw out their bass player for Åkerfeldt and all band members but Isberg and Åkerfeldt left to form a new band. Lots of new band members joined and left the band. Anders Nordin joined Opeth to play drums, Nick Döring to play bass guitar and Andreas Dimeo to play electric guitar. Döring and Dimeo left the band after one show and were replaced by Kim Pettersson on electric guitar and Johan DeFarfalla on bass guitar. DeFarfalla and Pettersson left Opeth after their next two shows and Peter Lindgren joined to play electric guitar.

Isberg quit in 1992 and joined the band Liars in Wait. Now, Opeth only had Åkerfeldt singing, Nordin on bass guitar and Lindgren on electric guitar. These three members began writing new songs sounding less like typical death metal, and started using acoustic guitars and guitar harmonies, making Opeth a more progressive death metal band. Johan DeFarfalla began playing bass guitar again for Opeth and these four members recorded their first album, "Orchid".

After touring the United Kingdom Opeth began to record their second album, "Morningrise". The album had only five songs but was 66 minutes long. "Morningrise" was a big success, and the band toured the UK and Scandinavia playing songs from both albums. They signed a contract with Century Media, who re-released these two albums again in 1997. After the tour, Åkerfeldt and Lindgren fired DeFarfalla for personal reasons, which made Nordin, who was on a vacation in Brazil, leave the band and stay in Brazil. Martin Lopez, who played for Amon Amarth, joined Opeth in 1997 as well as bassist Martin Mendez just before recording their third album, "My Arms, Your Hearse". However, Åkerfeldt had to play bass on some songs from "My Arms, Your Hearse". The album was released on August 18, 1998, and was another big success. The album focused less on guitar harmonies and more on progressive metal riffs.

In 1999, Opeth signed with UK label Peaceville Records in Europe, which was distributed by Music For Nations. Opeth began work on their next album, but because of delays, the band was only able to rehearse twice before recording the album. Eventually, "Still Life" was released on October 18, 1999 (not in the United States until February 2001)). "Still Life" was the first album recorded with Mendez, and was also the first Opeth album to have the band's logo on the front cover. "Still Life" is a concept album, and Åkerfeldt explains that the album is about someone who "is kind of banished from his hometown because he hasn't got the same faith as the rest of the inhabitants there. The album pretty much starts off when he is returning after several years to hook up with his old 'babe'. The big bosses of the town know that he's back... A lot of bad things start happening."

After a few live shows in Europe, Opeth returned to work on their next album, with Porcupine Tree's Steven Wilson producing. "This time it was tough", Åkerfeldt said, "I feel pleasantly blown away by the immense result, though. It was indeed worth the effort." Wilson also pushed the band to use new sounds and production techniques. "Steve guided us into the realms of 'strange' noises for guitars and voice", Åkerfeldt said. Opeth released its fifth studio album, "Blackwater Park", on February 21, 2001. This release encouraged Opeth to go on their first world tour, headlined Europe and playing to a crowd of 60,000 at the 2001 Wacken Open Air festival in Germany.

After touring in support of "Blackwater Park", Opeth returned home and began writing for the next album, but Åkerfeldt had trouble coming up with new material: "I wanted to write something heavier than we'd ever done, still I had all these great mellow parts and arrangements which I didn't want to go to waste." Jonas Renkse of Katatonia, a long-time friend of Åkerfeldt, suggested writing music for two separate albums—one heavy and one soft. Excited about the idea, Åkerfeldt agreed without asking his bandmates or record label. While his bandmates liked the idea of recording two separate albums, Åkerfeldt had to convince the label: "I had to lie somewhat... saying that we could do this recording very soon, it won't cost more than a regular single album". With most of the material written, the band rehearsed just once before entering the studio, again with producer Steven Wilson in Studio Fredman. Under pressure to complete both albums at the same time, Åkerfeldt said the recording process was "the toughest test of our history." After recording basic tracks, the band moved production to England to mix the heavy album, "Deliverance", with Andy Sneap at Backstage Studios. ""Deliverance" was so badly recorded, without any organisation whatsoever," Åkerfeldt claimed, that Sneap "is credited as a 'saviour' in the sleeve, as he surely saved much of the recording."

"Deliverance" was released on November 4, 2002, and debuted at number 19 on the US Top Independent Albums chart, marking the band's first US chart appearance. Allmusic stated, ""Deliverance" is altogether more subtle than any of its predecessors, approaching listeners with haunting nuances and masterful dynamics rather than overwhelming them with sheer mass and complexity." Opeth played a single concert in Stockholm, then returned to the UK to finish recording vocals for the second of the two albums, "Damnation", at Steve Wilson's No Man's Land Studios. Although Åkerfeldt first believed the band could not finish both albums, Opeth completed "Deliverance" and "Damnation" in just seven weeks of studio time, which was the same amount spent on "Blackwater Park" alone. "Damnation" was released on April 14, 2003, and gained the band its first appearance on the US "Billboard" 200 at number 192. The album also won the band a 2003 Swedish Grammy Award for "Best Hard Rock Performance". The band launched its biggest tour yet, playing nearly 200 shows in 2003 and 2004. Opeth performed three special shows in Europe with two song lists each—one acoustic set and one heavy set. The band recorded its first DVD, "Lamentations: Live at Shepherd's Bush Empire 2003", at Shepherd's Bush Empire in London. The DVD featured a two-hour performance, including the entire "Damnation" album, as well as several songs from "Deliverance" and "Blackwater Park", and a one-hour documentary about the recording of "Deliverance" and "Damnation". The DVD was certified Gold in Canada.

Opeth was scheduled to perform in Jordan in late 2003 without a crew due to the fear of terrorist attacks in the Middle East. Opeth's tour manager distributed 6,000 tickets for the concert, but before the band left for Jordan, Lopez called Åkerfeldt saying he was having an anxiety attack and could not perform, forcing the band to cancel the show. In early 2004, Lopez was sent home from Canada after more anxiety attacks on tour. Opeth decided not to cancel the rest of the tour, and Lopez's drum tech filled in for two concerts. Opeth asked drummer Gene Hoglan of Strapping Young Lad to fill in. Lopez eventually returned to Opeth for the Seattle show on the final leg of the "Deliverance" and "Damnation" tour. Per Wiberg also joined the band on keyboards, and after more than a year on tour, Opeth went back home to start writing more new songs in 2004.

Opeth's European label, Music for Nations, closed its doors in 2005 and the band signed with Roadrunner Records. After writing material for their eighth album in late 2004, the band rehearsed for three weeks before entering the studio, the first time they rehearsed since the 1998 album, "My Arms, Your Hearse". Opeth recorded at Fascination Street Studios in Örebro, Sweden, from March 18 to June 1, 2005, and released the album "Ghost Reveries" on August 30, 2005, again to critical and commercial success. The album debuted at number 64 in the US, and number nine in Sweden, higher than any other Opeth release. Keith Bergman of Blabbermouth.net gave the album 10 out of 10, one of only 17 albums to achieve a perfect rating from the site.

On May 12, 2006, Martin Lopez announced that he had officially parted ways with Opeth due to health problems, and he was replaced by Martin Axenrot. Opeth toured on the main stage of Gigantour in 2006, alongside Megadeth. "Ghost Reveries" was re-released on October 31, 2006, with a bonus cover version of Deep Purple's "Soldier of Fortune" and a DVD of the making of the album. A recording of Opeth's live performance at the Camden Roundhouse, in London, on November 9, 2006, was later released as the double live album "The Roundhouse Tapes". On May 17, 2007, Peter Lindgren stated he was leaving Opeth after 16 years. "The decision has been the toughest I've ever made but it is the right one to make at this point in my life," Lindgren said. "I feel that I simply have lost some of the enthusiasm and inspiration needed to participate in a band that has grown from a few guys playing the music we love to a worldwide industry." Ex-Arch Enemy guitarist Fredrik Åkesson replaced Lindgren, as Åkerfeldt explained, "Fredrik was the only name that popped up thinking about a replacement for Peter. In my opinion he's one of the top three guitar players out of Sweden. We all get along great as we've known each other for maybe four years and he already has the experience to take on the circus-like lifestyle we lead as members of Opeth."

In November 2007, after nearly 200 performances in support of "Ghost Reveries", Opeth entered Fascination Street Studios with Åkerfeldt producing. By January 2008, Opeth had recorded 13 songs, including three cover songs. The finished album, "Watershed", was released on June 3, 2008, and has seven tracks with cover songs included as bonus tracks on some versions. The album has since debuted at number 23 on the US "Billboard" 200, making it their highest-charting album yet. It enjoyed success in many other countries as well, entering the Australian ARIA album charts at number seven, while debuting at number one on Finland's official album chart. Opeth planned extensive touring in support of "Watershed", but some shows in Europe had to be cancelled because of some music festival cancellations and Åkerfeldt coming down with chicken pox. On January 25, 2009, Opeth played their first show in India at IIT Madras's cultural festival Saarang. On March 06, 2009 the band played in the Middle East at the annual Dubai Desert Rock Festival in Dubai. On March 26, 2009 it was announced that Opeth would take part in the first European Progressive Nation tour with bands Dream Theater, Bigelf and Unexpect. On April 24, 2009, Opeth headlined the first day of Metal Hammer Magazine's first UK metal music festival HammerFest.

Mikael Åkerfeldt began writing for Opeth's tenth studio album sometime of September 2010 along with Fredrik Åkesson (who co-wrote one song). The band recorded the album titled "Heritage" between 31 January-21 February 2011 and released on 14 September 2011 in Japan, following other release dates in various parts of the world.

Although he was not the founder of the band, Mikael Åkerfeldt is the only member to appear on every release. He is Opeth's main songwriter and lyricist and has defined much of the band's sound. Åkerfeldt was influenced at a young age by heavy metal bands such as Slayer, Death, Black Sabbath, Celtic Frost, King Diamond and Morbid Angel. Åkerfeldt was later influenced by progressive rock and folk music, both of which had a strong impact on the sound of the band. Opeth's distinct sound combines elements of heavy metal with acoustic passages and elements of progressive metal and progressive rock. Åkerfeldt commented on the diversity of Opeth's music:

I don't see the point of playing in a band and going just one way when you can do everything. It would be impossible for us to play just death metal; that is our roots, but we are now a mishmash of everything, and not purists to any form of music. It's impossible for us to do that, and quite frankly I would think of it as boring to be in a band that plays just metal music. We're not afraid to experiment, or to be caught with our pants down, so to speak. That's what keeps us going.

Opeth's earlier works often made use of twin-guitar harmonies, but they were abandoned in the band's later work. "I got tired of it, the whole harmony guitar thing", Åkerfeldt said. "It got out of hand in the mid-90s. Every band was doing that thing." Most of the band's songs exceed 10 minutes in length, which Aaron Burgess of "Alternative Press" magazine criticized, stating, "you can't really be a casual Opeth fan. It takes enough as a listener just to get past the band's epic song lengths." Vocally, Åkerfeldt shifts between growling death metal vocals for heavy sections, and clean, sometimes whispered vocals over acoustic passages. While death growls were dominant on the early albums, later releases used more clean vocals, such the 2003 release "Damnation" which had only clean singing. The band's lyrics often reflect a bleak outlook on life, with subjects such as failed relationships, nature, death, and depression. Some of the band's albums also have a consistent theme or concept throughout, such as "Still Life" and "My Arms, Your Hearse". The songs were put together as one continual piece, with the last word or phrase of each song becoming the title of the next.









It Won't Be Soon Before Long

It Won't Be Soon Before Long is the second studio album by American pop rock group Maroon 5. It was released under A&M/Octone Records on May 22, 2007 in the United States. It debuted atop the Billboard 200 albums chart and on the Billboard Digital Albums chart. The lead single off the album "Makes Me Wonder" was released on March 27, 2007 and peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart. The album includes other singles such as "Wake Up Call", "Won't Go Home Without You", "If I Never See Your Face Again", and "Goodnight Goodnight."




An expanded version of "It Won't Be Soon Before Long" was issued on June 29, 2008 in Australia and July 8, 2008 for the rest of the world. The album has the 12 original tracks from the original version, plus a bonus DVD with four music videos and a full concert recorded on June 13, 2007 in Montreal.

A chorus from the song called "Nothing Lasts Forever" (the 7th track off "It Won't Be Soon Before Long") was featured in a song by Kanye West. The Kayne West song, featuring the lead singer Adam Levine, was called "Heard 'Em Say". It was released in 2005 on the album "Late Registration". The first track off the album, called "If I Never See Your Face Again", was released as a remix in May, 2008. This track had been worked on with help from Rihanna. The song turned out to be a music video and ranked #51 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.



Makes Me Wonder

"Makes Me Wonder" is the lead single off the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long" by American rock band Maroon 5. The single hit #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in April 2007. The single was released on March 27, 2007 for digital download and was released for radio mainstream on April 1, 2007. The song was produced by Matt Wallace and Mark Endert.

The video was shot at the Los Angeles International Airport. The video features the band on an airplane.

Wake Up Call (Maroon 5 song)

"Wake Up Call" is the second single off the second studio album by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song is also the 4th track on the album. The music video deals with the band committing crimes and Levine acting as a murderer because of the murder of his girlfriends ex-boyfriend.

A remix version of the song was released in 2007 by Mark Ronson. The remix song was originally released on iTunes Store on November 13th, 2007. The song later appeared in the hit remix album by Maroon 5 called "". 

EMI

EMI was a music company founded in London. It is in charge of a record label, EMI Music. EMI is one of the "big four" record labels; the labels not part of the "big four" are called . It started in 1931, when it was called "Electric and Music Industries". In 1957, it took over Capitol Records, an American record company.

In 1962, The Beatles signed a contract with EMI's Parlophone Records, and they became the company's most successful musicians. The Beatles made nearly all their recordings at Abbey Road Studios, EMI's main recording studios in London.

In 1992, EMI bought Virgin Records, which had been owned by Richard Branson. It almost bought Universal Records in 1998, also. In 2007, EMI was taken over by a group called Terra Firma, after it said no to a bid from Warner Music Group.

Other famous musicians that were with EMI include Prince, Pink Floyd, Spice Girls, and Coldplay.

In 2012, Universal Music Group bought EMI, but the European Commission told Universal to sell some of EMI's record labels. Parlophone, the oldest EMI label, was sold to Warner Music Group; while BMG bought Mute Records. EMI's music publishing business was sold to a group that included Sony/ATV Music Publishing.


Menstrual cycle

The menstrual cycle is a process that adult women go through. The menstrual cycle for a woman will repeat every 28 days while they are not pregnant. During this time, the women's ovaries create a mature ovum (egg). Then the woman's body prepares for pregnancy by thickening the walls of the uterus. If the woman does not become pregnant during this time, the egg and the lining of the uterus come out of the woman's body during menstruation.

The menstrual cycle process is controlled by four major hormones: follicle stimulating hormone; luteinising hormone; estrogen; and progesterone. These hormones prepare the uterus to receive a fertilized egg and control its development.

The menstrual cycle has three stages: the Follicular stage, Ovulation, and the Luteal (or premenstrual) stage. The cycle will stop if the woman gets pregnant (if a fertilized egg implants itself into the lining of the uterus).

This stage is the start of the menstrual cycle, and is counted as day one of the cycle. This stage starts when the amount of progesterone and estrogen in a woman's blood drop. This causes the endometrium - the thick lining of the uterus - to leave the woman's body through menstruation. It will appear as bleeding from the vagina. This stage lasts from 4–6 days.

At the start of this stage, the pituitary gland will begin to release more follicle stimulating hormone. This will continue for 3-4 days. This makes several follicles grow in one of the ovaries. Each follicle contains an immature egg. These follicles create estrogen.

Usually, the amount of follicle stimulating hormone in the body peaks during the third or fourth day of menstruation. All but one of the follicles dies off. The one that is left releases even more estrogen. Once again, the lining of the uterus thickens. Near the end of the stage, a woman's estrogen levels peak. This causes the pituitary gland to release luteinising hormone, which also peaks at this time.

Ovulation happens roughly every 14 days. This is when the mature egg is released into the fallopian tube ready for fertilisation.

Ovulation happens if there is both a rise in estrogen and a peak in luteinising hormone at the end of the follicular stage. The rising levels of luteinising hormone make the ovum mature. The follicle that contains the ovum swells and breaks open. (In the next stage, the leftover cells of the follicle turn into an important structure called the corpus luteum.) The egg is released into the Fallopian tube. 

During ovulation, a woman's body temperature is usually about 0.5 degrees Celsius over normal.

The follicle cells that used to hold the ovum now release progesterone into the body. This causes the endometrium to get even thicker.

If an ovum is fertilized, it happens during this step. A woman becomes pregnant when a man's sperm fertilizes one of her ova, which then plants itself into the lining of the uterus.

If the ovum is fertilized during ovulation, it will become a zygote. It will start to copy itself over and over again through mitosis. It will also move from the ovarian duct into the uterus. The levels of estrogen and progesterone in the body remain high. The zygote grows into an embryo and implants itself into the endometrium tissue of the uterus. This forms a placenta, which starts to mature.

After fertilization, the menstrual cycle stops so the embryo can continue to mature for the next 9 months. Progesterone and estrogen levels will stay high until the fetus is ready to be birthed.

Eventually, after giving birth, a woman's menstrual cycle will return to the way it was before she got pregnant.

Until around day 22, estrogen levels increase a little. However, after day 22, the corpus luteum stops making progesterone, and the levels of both progesterone and estrogen in the body start to drop. The amount of progesterone and estrogen in the body are at their lowest around the 28th day of the menstrual cycle. Then the cycle begins again.

Won't Go Home Without You

"Won't Go Home Without You" is the third single off the album by pop-rock band Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song is also the 5th track on the album. The music video for the song has to do with Adam Levine (lead singer) trying to get one more chance for his ex-girlfriend to come back to him, but she was already taken by another man.

"Won't Go Home Without You" peaked #1 in Israel, #16 in Canada's Hot 100, and #3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Adult Top 40.

Richard Branson

Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson (born 18 July 1950) is an English businessman. 

He is the chairman of the Virgin Group, a group of companies including Virgin Atlantic Airways and Virgin Records. Branson started Virgin people, a private company that is trying to get people in space. According to Forbes, Branson was the 245th richest person in the world in 2008.

Branson is adventurous and has sporting achievements, he flew around the world in a hot air balloon where he nearly got killed.

On 11 July 2021, Branson flew to space, reaching a peak altitude of as part of a test flight for his company, Virgin Galactic. The mission lasted approximately one hour.

Richard Branson did not attend college. Branson started his career 
by setting up a mail order record business. He opened a chain of record stores called Virgin Records later known as Virgin Megastores in the year 1972.

His mother was activist Eve Branson. Branson has been diagnosed with Dyslexia and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. He lives on an island called Necker, he owns this island in the Caribbean.

He was born in Blackheath, London, England.

SUNY Downstate Medical Center

The State University of New York Health Science Center at Brooklyn (also called SUNY Downstate Medical Center), is a medical center in the Borough of Brooklyn in New York City. It teaches medical students and has a teaching hospital.


If I Never See Your Face Again

"If I Never See Your Face Again" is the fourth single by Maroon 5. The song is the first track on the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song was remixed to feature Rihanna. The music video takes place in what looks like a 19th century room while Rihanna and Levine seem to be arguing over a romantic relationship.

"If I Never See Your Face Again" was performed at Quebec to be the opening song of the live album by Maroon 5 called "Live from Le Cabaret". The song was not performed in its single version (with Rihanna).

Po

Po may mean:

PO is also an acronym or abbreviation which may stand for:

Goodnight Goodnight

Goodnight Goodnight is the fifth single by pop-rock band Maroon 5 on the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song was released August 2008. The song is also the 8th track off the album. 

The music video was releasd August 21st, 2008. The video deals with a "before and after" sequence of a relationship between Levine and his girlfriend, Bailey. In the "before" part she was beautiful and in the "after" one they set apart, but he is still in love with her.


Gavin DeGraw

Gavin DeGraw (born February 4, 1977) is an American rock singer-songwriter. He has released major singles like "I Don't Want to Be", "Chariot", and "In Love with a Girl". He has released 2 studio albums, and 1 live indie release album. 

Singles
Albums


I Don't Want to Be

"I Don't Want to Be" is the debut single by Gavin DeGraw on his first album "Chariot". The single was released in 2004. The song is in the Alternative rock genre. 

U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 gave the single "I Don't Wanna Be" a ranking of #10, U.K. Singles Chart gave the single a ranking of #32, and Dutch Singles Chart ranked it at #9.


Chariot (album)

Chariot is an album by rock singer Gavin DeGraw. The album features singles "I Don't Want to Be", "Chariot", and "Follow Through". The album was released in 2004. "Chariot" also was re-released in 2005 as a live acoustic album. 


Chariot

"This article is about the mode of transport, for the album see Chariot (album)"

A chariot is a type of transport used by many ancient civilisations and people. A chariot is horse-drawn, meaning that is pulled along by horses. A person who rides a chariot is called a charioteer. 

Ancient Greek myths says that Poseidon, god of the sea, and Athena, goddess of wisdom, created the chariot together. Poseidon created the horses like waves, and Athena made the chariot. The two gods worked together.

Market share

Market share, in business and marketing, is the share of the targeted consumer base ('market') that a business actually reaches, for a particular service or product.

It can be shown as the amount of money a company brings in from its consumers, divided by the total amount of money paid from all consumers for that service or product. It can also be shown as the amount of products/services sold ('unit sales volume') by a company divided by the total volume sold to all the consumers in that market.

It is necessary to use market research (generally desk/secondary research, although sometimes primary research) to estimate the total market size and a company's market share.

Increasing market share is one of the most important objectives in business. The main advantage of using market share is that it removes the effects of industry-wide macroenvironmental variables such as the state of the economy, or changes in tax policy. For example, if you were one of only two psychiatrists in Chicago, then it would not matter how bad the economy was because you would always have a huge slice of the consumer-base "pie" for your service. If your service was less needed, then advertising more would help increase your market share. 

The market shares for different companies tends to change over time, causing change in the market share values.



OpenOffice Impress

OpenOffice Impress, a part of the OpenOffice office suite package and created by Sun Microsystems, is a presentation program similar to Microsoft PowerPoint. In addition to being able to create PDF files from presentations, it is also able to export presentations to SWF files, allowing it to be played on any computer with a Flash player installed. It is able to view, edit and save files in many file formats, including the .ppt format, which is used by Microsoft PowerPoint. Impress is distributed (spread) under an open source licence so people can download it as free software. It released under the terms of the Apache License.
OpenOffice Impress users can install the Open Clip Art Library, which adds a large amount of images for general presentation and drawing projects. Linux distributions Debian, Gentoo, Mandriva and Ubuntu have given the ready-to-use "openclipart" package for download and install from their online software repositories.





Oval Office

The Oval Office is the official office of the president of the United States currently that is Joe Biden. The office is located in the West Wing of the White House and it was first used by President Taft. It was built in 1909.

Scars on Broadway

Scars on Broadway is an American metal band featuring three old members from System of a Down.

Church of Satan

The Church of Satan is a religious group that encourages people to accept their human nature and build their ego, as it is told in "The Satanic Bible", written in 1969 by Anton LaVey. They do not worship or believe in Satan and they do not believe in God. "Satan" is just a symbol of freedom and the ego.

The Church of Satan started in San Francisco, California, on Walpurgis night April 30, 1966, by Anton Szandor LaVey, who was the Church's High Priest until he died in 1997.

In the 1950s Anton LaVey made a group called the Order of the Trapezoid, some of whose members later became the leaders of the Church of Satan. Some of the people at the events were: “The Baroness” Carin de Plessen (who grew up in a Royal Palace in Denmark), Dr. Cecil Nixon (magician, Odd person, and maker of robot), underground filmmaker Kenneth Anger, City Assessor (someone who figures out values of city property) Russell Wolden, anthropologist (a person who studies culture and human development) Michael Harner, and writer Shana Alexander. Other friends of LaVey at this point were famous Science Fiction and Horror writers Anthony Boucher, August Derleth, Robert Barbour Johnson, Reginald Bretnor, Emil Petaja, Stuart Palmer, Clark Ashton Smith, Forrest J. Ackerman, and Fritz Leiber Jr.

In its first year, the Church of Satan was in the news a lot because they performed a Satanic marriage of Judith Case and journalist John Raymond. The ceremony was photographed by Joe Rosenthal, who took the famous photograph "Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima" during World War II. Another event was the public funeral of Church of Satan member and Naval Officer Edward Olson, as his wife had asked.

The Church of Satan was in many books, magazine and newspaper articles in the 1960s and 1970s. A whole documentary, "Satanis" was also made about it in 1970. LaVey was also in Kenneth Anger’s film "Invocation of my Demon Brother", and helped as a technical adviser in "The Devil's Rain", which starred Ernest Borgnine, William Shatner, and first showed John Travolta. The Church of Satan was also shown in Luigi Scattini’s film "Angeli Bianchi, Angeli Neri", which in the United States was known as "Witchcraft ‘70".
In 1975 LaVey argued within the Church of Satan by stopping the Church's “Grotto” system (having Satanic rituals in caves) and removing people he thought were using the Church instead of doing things in the outside world. After that, LaVey hoped success in society would decide who did well in the Church of Satan. LaVey chose to do less interviews. People thought the Church might have ended, or even that LaVey might have died.

In the 1980s some Christians, therapists who believed in recovered memories, and the news were saying Satanists were a criminal group. Members of the Church of Satan, such as Peter H. Gilmore, Peggy Nadramia, Boyd Rice, Adam Parfrey, Diabolos Rex, and musician King Diamond, were active in the news to deny the Church of Satan were criminals. These stories became known as the Satanic panic. The FBI later made a report saying these conspiracy theories were untrue.

In the 1980s and 1990s the Church of Satan made many movies, music, films, and magazines about Satanism. Adam Parfrey’s Feral House publishing, the music of Boyd Rice, and the films of Nick Bougas, including his documentary "Speak of the Devil: The Canon of Anton LaVey". They were also frequently in the newspapers.
After Anton Szandor LaVey's death, his partner Blanche Barton became head of the Church of Satan. Barton is still in the Church; however, in 2001 she gave her position to long-time members Peter H. Gilmore and Peggy Nadramia, the current High Priest and High Priestess and publishers of "The Black Flame", the magazine of The Church of Satan. The Central Office of the Church of Satan has also moved from San Francisco to New York City's Hell's Kitchen neighborhood, where the couple live. The Church of Satan does not recognize any other organizations as being Satanist though it does recognize that one does not need to be a member of the Church of Satan to be a Satanist.

Some public figures have been involved with the Church of Satan, including Kenneth Anger, King Diamond, Teresa Hidy, David Vincent, Marilyn Manson, Aaron Joehlin, Boyd Rice, Marc Almond, Alkaline Trio guitarist and singer Matt Skiba and drummer Derek Grant, professional wrestler Balls Mahoney, professional wrestler Sterling James Keenan, journalist Michael Moynihan, death metal guitarist Matthew McRaith, Sammy Davis Jr. and the artist Coop. As the Church of Satan does not let people see the membership records, it is not known how many members they have.

In October 2004 the Royal Navy officially recognised its first registered Satanist, twenty-four year old Chris Cranmer, as a technician on the HMS Cumberland.

On June 6, 2006 The Church of Satan held the first public ritual Satanic Mass in 40 years at the Steve Allen Theater in the Center for Inquiry in Los Angeles. The ritual, based on The Satanic Bible and The Satanic Rituals, was led by Reverend Bryan Moore and Priestess Heather Saenz.

In December 2007 the Associated Press reported that a teenager had sent an e-mail to the Church of Satan administration saying he wanted to "kill in the name of our unholy lord Satan." The Church told the Federal Bureau of Investigation about the message, which then told local police who arrested the teenager. 

The Church of Satan has two types of members: Registered Members and Active Members. Registered Members just have to pay $200 to the Church, and are given a red card to show they are a member. An Active Member has to be involved with the Church and local members. Active Membership is divided into five Degrees:

Active Members begin at the First Degree. They must be approved for an Active Membership, and this is based on their answers to a long list of questions. Members cannot apply for higher Degrees, and the requirements for each degree are not open to the public. Promotion to a higher degree is only by being invited. Members of the Third through Fifth degrees are the Priesthood and may be called "Reverend." Members of the Fifth degree are sometimes called "Doctor," although ""The" Doctor" usually means Lavey. Some Active Members are called Agents, qualified to explain the Church of Satan and the philosophy of Satanism to the media and others who are interested.

People seeking membership must be old enough to be seen as adults in the country where they live. The only exception made is for children of members who show they understand the Church philosophy and practices who wish to join. What they can do is limited until they reach adulthood.

Memberships may be ended through a decision of the ruling body of the Church of Satan consisting of the High Priest, the High Priestess and the Council of Nine.

Over the years, the Church of Satan has stopped then restarted the use of Grottoes -small groups for people who live near each other to work on projects or do ritual together, or be friends. Now that most people have the internet, the Church of Satan has decided people do not need to join Grottoes to meet other Satanists. If a group of Church of Satan members now wish to form a “magic circle” for something more than simple friendship and ritual, and can keep it active for a year and a day, the leader of the group can apply to have it called a Grotto and the leader called a Grotto Master. A grotto is expected to be secret, and only those they think are worthy are supposed to know about it. If a Grotto stops being useful it will be closed, as the Church of Satan has always done. Grotto Masters and Grottos do not represent the Church of Satan unless they have other authority to do so.

Members of the Priesthood have the titles “Priest”/“Priestess,” “Magister”/“Magistra,” or “Magus”/“Maga.” The Council of Nine, which is the ruling body of the Church of Satan, and the Order of the Trapezoid who help in the administration of the Church of Satan are part of the priesthood. The High Priest and Priestess act as administrative chiefs and the two main public representatives. The current High Priest is Peter H. Gilmore, the current High Priestess Peggy Nadramia.

The Church of Satan say they judge whether Active Members can join the Priesthood by their accomplishment in society and recognition within a profession rather than knowledge of the occult. They are expected to be able to speak about the Satanic philosophy, but do not have to represent the Church of Satan publicly, and might choose to keep their membership secret so they can do what they want in the world, meet their own goals and those of the Church. Membership in the Priesthood is by invitation only.


Zeena Lavey, Anton LaVey's daughter, was not a High Priestess of the Church and has left it.

Satanists within the Church of Satan follow these rules on how to live. But Satanists do not view the Satanic sins, statements, and rules of the earth as things that someone has to "try" to do. They think it's human nature, rather than a Jew or Christian who the Church of Satan think have to try hard to fit in with the rules of their religion.

The Nine Satanic Statements outline what "Satan" represents in the Church of Satan.



Pentagonal Revisionism is a plan consisting of five major goals written in 1988 by founder Anton Szandor LaVey:

These goals have another purpose, as said by the author, to let non-Satanists see how much they agree with Satanic views. Pentagonal Revisionism is the application of Satanist beliefs to society and economics with five goals to encourage members. Other books, such as "The Satanic Bible", say more about Satanic dogma.






Kung Fu Panda (movie)

Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy movie made by DreamWorks. It was directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne. It tells the story of Po, a giant panda (Jack Black), a kung fu fan who becomes a kung fu master. It received critical acclaim and became a box office success. A successful sequel, "Kung Fu Panda 2" was released in 2011. Another sequel, "Kung Fu Panda 3" was released in 2016. There is also two short , a Christmas special, and a .

A big, fat panda named Po the panda dreams of becoming a kung fu master, but he doesn't know kung fu. One day, kung fu teacher Master Shifu holds a contest to see who will become the Dragon Warrior, the most powerful kung fu master in the land. Everyone thinks one of Shifu's students, the Furious Five will become the Dragon Warrior, but Po is chosen instead and begins learning kung fu. Shifu and the Furious Five don't like Po the panda and try to make him quit, but he becomes friends with them. When Master Shifu learns that the evil Tai Lung the snow leopard is coming to the land, he quickly teaches Po kung fu so he can be given the Dragon Scroll that will help him beat Tai Lung. Nothing is written on the scroll, but Po finds out that he doesn't need the scroll to be the Dragon Warrior and beats Tai Lung without it. Po becomes a kung fu master and Dragon Warrior loved by everyone and peace returns to the land.



Forrest Gump (novel)

Forrest Gump is a 1986 novel by Winston Groom. The novel tells the story of Forrest Gump, a man with an IQ of 75, and his epic journey through life, meeting historical figures, influencing popular culture and experiencing first-hand historic events while largely unaware of their significance, due to his lower than average intelligence. The movie adaptation differs substantially from the book on which it was based.

"Forrest Gump" was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. The movie, however, covers a slightly different version of the later chapters, which deal with Gump's shrimp business and his meeting of his son Forrest, Jr. Also, Gump marries Jenny in the movie. Gump and Forrest Jr. do not have the loving relationship that the end of the movie features - in the movie, they actively tell each other that they love one another in their last conversation.

In addition, the movie invented one of its most famous scenes, in which Forrest chooses to run across America repeatedly over a three year period, before his meeting of Forrest, Jr.

Appendicitis

Appendicitis is the inflammation of a person's appendix. The appendix is a pouch at the start of the large intestine. Symptoms usually include a sharp pain in the lower right abdomen. Also, nausea, vomiting, and decreased appetite are common. However, about 40% of people do not have these typical symptoms. If the appendix ruptures (splits) the result is painful peritonitis, and sepsis. Therefore immediate treatment in hospital is needed for appendicitis. Usually the infected appendix is taken out.

The function of the appendix in apes is the digestion of vegetable matter such as leaves. Humans do not digest leaves, but we inherited some of the apes' vegetarian apparatus. Our appendix is much smaller than that of present-day apes, and for some reason our immune system does not serve it well. An infection there is not eliminated as it might be elsewhere in the body.

The causes of appendicitis include blocking in the appendix, or bacterial infections. If it is not treated, it may lead to peritonitis and shock. Most serious appendicitis happens to younger children and elder adults. Appendicitis is common between the ages of ten and fourteen for males, and fifteen and nineteen for females. The most usual treatment is an appendectomy which means removing the appendix. Sometimes, it gets better without surgery. Some people think that eating vegetables will help, but no chances should be taken. "Seek medical advice" if in doubt.

Reginald Fitz first described acute appendicitis in 1886. It is one of the leading causes worldwide of "pain in the abdomen", a term used in medicine and surgery to cover a wide range of causes.

Chandpur District

Chandpur (চাঁদপুর)is a district in east-central Bangladesh. It is at the mouth of the Meghna River. It is a part of the Chittagong Division. The town of Chandpur is at the end of a Bangladesh Railways line.

Chandpur district has a total area of 1704.06 square kilometres. It is bordered by Munshiganj District and Comilla District on the north, Noakhali District, Lakshmipur District and Barisal District on the south, Comilla District on the east, and Meghna River, Shariatpur District and Munshiganj District on the west.

Chandpur is where two of the biggest rivers of Bangladesh meet, the Padma River and the Meghna River.

Chandpur has 6 municipalities, 60 wards, 195 mahallas, 8 upazilas, 1 thana, 87 union parishads and 1226 villages. The municipalities are Chandpur Sadar, Shahrasti, Matlab, Changer Char and Hajiganj. The administrative subdivisions called upazilas are: 


In 1991 the religions of the people of this district were recorded as being: 
Muslim - 92.55%, Hindu - 7.18%, Buddhist - 0.06%, Christian - 0.07% and Others - 0.14%.



Chittagong District

Chittagong District () is a district in the south-eastern region of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Chittagong Division. The port city of Chittagong, the second largest city in Bangladesh, is in this district.

Because of its harbour, Chittagong had been an important place for trade, bringing Arab traders as early as the 9th century CE. The region fell under the rule of kings from Arakan in the 16th and 17th centuries, but later, the Mughal army under Islam Khan conquered Chittagong. During the 17th century, the region also faced a lot of attacks by Portuguese pirates. The Mughals established Chittagong as a district in 1666. The Chittagong Hill Tracts were separated from Chittagong in 1860. Cox's Bazar was separated into a district in 1984.

According to the 1991 census, the religion of the people are:
Religious composition (1991): Muslim - 83.92%, Hindu - 13.76%; Buddhist - 2.01%, Christian - 0.11% and Others - 0.2%.


Banglapedia

Banglapedia, or the "National Encyclopedia of Bangladesh", is the first Bangladeshi encyclopedia. It is available in print, CD-ROM format and online, in both Bangla and English. The print version comprises has 500-page volumes. The first edition was published in January 2003 by the Asiatic Society of Bangladesh, with a plan to update it every two years. 

"Banglapedia" is not a general encyclopaedia but one that covers Bangladesh-related topics. Although Bangladesh is a new country, there is a lot of history going back many, Banglapedia uses the word Bangladesh to include the territory of ancient Eastern India, Suba Bangla, Shahi Bangalah, Mughal Suba Bangla, Bengal Presidency, Bengal Province, East Bengal, East Pakistan, and the independent Bangladesh.

Bengal Presidency

The Bengal Presidency was a colonial region of British India; it was made up of undivided Bengal. This area of Bengal is today split into Bangladesh as well as following states of India:


However the Bengal Presidency also later included other areas that are now part of Pakistan and India. The areas of India that used to be part of the presidency include, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana, and Himachal Pradesh as well as parts of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, and Maharashtra. It also included the North-West Frontier and British Punjab provinces of Pakistan as well as Burma. Penang and Singapore were also considered to be part of the Presidency until they became part of the Crown Colony of the Straits Settlements in 1867.

Veterinarian

A veterinarian or a vet, is someone who gives animals Veterinary medicine or medical treatment. They are doctors for animals. There are many different types of veterinarians; some work with small animals, large farm animals, or wild animals. Veterinarians learn to treat all animals, but sometimes work with a specific type. Other veterinarians specialise in a particular type of medicine - for example, veterinary dermatologists work with animals with skin problems. Finally, some veterinarians do research on animal or human diseases.

To become a vet in North America, you must go to college for at least 2 or 3 years, and take several required classes, including many science classes. You then apply to veterinary school. If you are accepted, you are in veterinary school for 4 years, and then graduate with the degree Doctor of Veterinary Medicine. In the United States and Canada, you have to pass a test (called the NAVLE or North American Veterinary Licensing Exam) before you can practice as a veterinarian. In other countries such as Australia, veterinary schools are 5 years long and take students that have finished high school. In Iraq, veterinary schools are 5 years long and take students that have finished high schools.

James Abbott

General Sir James Abbott (12 March 1807 – 6 October 1896) was a British army officer in colonial India. He became famous in the northwest frontier region of India in the middle part of the 19th century (today this is the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan). He was one of Henry Lawrence's 'advisers' to the Sikhs, after the First Anglo-Sikh War (1846), and then became the first deputy commissioner of Hazara (1849 - 1853). 

As part of the Treaty of Lahore signed after the defeat of the Sikhs in the First Anglo-Sikh War, Hazara and Kashmir were going to be transferred to Gulab Singh, Hazara however stayed under the Lahore government and governed by James Abbott. The Pakistani city of Abbottabad was founded by him in January 1853 and is named after him. 

James Abbott was the brother of Augustus Abbott and Frederick Abbott, who also served as officers in the forces of the East India Company. His picture was created by the artist B. Baldwin, this picture is located in the National Portrait Gallery in London, though it is not currently on display.


North Ossetia–Alania

The Republic of North Ossetia-Alania () is a small republic in the north of the Caucasus which is part of Russia.

In the Middle Ages it was called “”. Since 1804 it has been under Russian control. When the Soviet Union was breaking up in the early 1990s there was a lot of nationalistic feeling in the area. Some Ossetian people wanted to call the country Alania again. In November 1994 the name of Alania was added to the republican title (Republic of North Ossetia-Alania).

A lot of people have come to North Ossetia as refugees because of the wars in neighbouring countries of Chechnya and South Ossetia.


Bernard Fanning

Bernard Fanning (born 15 August 1969) is the singer, guitarist and writes songs for the Australian rock band Powderfinger.

Born in Brisbane, Fanning joined the band Powderfinger after finishing high school in 1989. He was asked to join by singer and guitar player Ian Haug. He had met Haug while studying journalism at the University of Queensland. He also appeared in the movie Ned Kelly which starred Heath Ledger. Fanning has a small role as a musician in the hotel. He also wrote several songs for the movie, including the title song, "Shelter for My Soul."

Powderfinger have released six albums. Fanning has made a solo album, "Tea and Sympathy" in 2005. His music has been described as a mixture of blues and acoustic folk. As well as singing, Fanning plays guitar, piano, keyboards and harmonica.

This album was recorded in 2005 while Powderfinger were having a break. Ten of the songs were recorded at Peter Gabriel's Real World studios at Bath, Somerset. The other four tracks where recorded in Brisbane. All the songs were written by Bernard Fanning. Other musicians on the album are John Bedggood, John Marotta, Keith Duffy, Duane Billing, Matt Englebrecht, Chris Bosely, Tchad Blake, Ben Quinn and Stu Miller.



SWAT team

A SWAT team is a group of highly trained police officers who deal with very dangerous criminals. SWAT is an acronym that means Special Weapons And Tactics. SWAT officers carry weapons of higher caliber than most police officers do, such as machine guns, shotguns, and sniper rifles. Usually, police departments use SWAT teams to catch people who sell illegal drugs or try to hold people hostage. They also respond to serious crimes like bank robberies when normal police officers cannot control the criminals.

The SWAT teams are usually called to deal with hostage situations. They plan the entry into the building where the hostages are being held. They look closely at all building entrances to choose the best option. They make use of equipment such as rappelling ropes, night vision goggles, a tactical shield, flashbang and smoke grenades, snake cameras and small cameras that fit under doors and into very small holes, among others.

SWAT officers act as paramilitary units that tackle situations beyond the capability of conventional police forces. SWAT teams are called in when an incident presents significant risk to law enforcement officers or the public, as in:

While all SWAT officers are expert marksmen with in-depth training in close combat, most play a specialized role within the team. Some serve as negotiators or medics while others are experts in handling assault vehicles or weapons. Each team includes several tactical officers who coordinate and carry out assaults on barricaded positions and catch and arrest armed suspects.

When not responding to crises, SWAT officers perform more routine duties. Many spend a majority of their time in conventional policing activities such as patrol and traffic enforcement. In some areas, they use their specialized tactical knowledge to conduct crime suppression exercises that ferret out dangerous offenders. 

Commando

A commando is a soldier who has been highly trained in combat.

A commando is a special forces soldier who is "trained and equipped to conduct" special operations, according to Australian authorities.

In many miliaries, they are used to rescue hostages and board enemy ships. In the United Kingdom, to become a commando, candidates must pass either Royal Marine Commando training or the All Arms Commando Course.

The military of the United States and some other countries, do not have (military) units with commandos. The United States does have special forces soldiers (and they are sometimes called special forces operators). United States Army Special Forces is one of the special forces of the U.S. military.


White Nights Festival

The White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg, Russia is an international cultural festival which is held every year. There are classical ballet, opera and music events. Many famous Russian dancers, singers, musicians and actors, take part, as well as famous international guest stars. The Scarlet Sails celebration is the big climax of the White Nights season, the largest public event anywhere in Russia. About a million people visit the festival.

The middle of summer in St Petersburg is known as the "White Nights" because, as it is so far north, the sky does not get completely dark during the short night.

The festival begins in May with the "Stars of the White Nights" at Mariinsky Theatre and ends in July. However, there are some performances that take place before and after the official dates.

The "Stars of the White Nights" is a series of classical ballet, opera and orchestral performances at the Mariinsky Theatre and the Mariinsky Concert Hall. The artistic director of the festival is Valery Gergiev.

The "Stars of the White Nights" festival was originally started by the first mayor of St. Petersburg, Anatoly Sobchak, and has been held every year since 1993. Some of the stars who performed here include Plácido Domingo, Olga Borodina, Alfred Brendel, Anna Netrebko, Carlo Maria Giulini, Yuri Temirkanov, Gidon Kremer, Esa-Pekka Salonen, Alexander Toradze, Deborah Voigt, James Conlon and many other classical performers.

A series of carnivals take place during the White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg. In one of the carnivals the actors dress in period costumes from the times of Peter the Great and Catherine the Great. Old carriages are ridden around the Peterhof park.

Every summer in St. Petersburg the Palace Square becomes a stage for international stars of popular music. This wide square has been used for official military parades and massive demonstrations, as well as for political events and large-scale shows and other entertainment. Recent performers have been Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones, Scorpions and other stars.


Infantry

Infantry is the branch of a country's army that fights on foot. A member of the infantry is called an infantryman. Infantrymen are also called foot soldiers or footmen. Infantry is different than cavalry because infantry members fight on their own two feet, without vehicles or animals to ride on. Historically, infantrymen were trained to use spears, swords and shields. Modern infantrymen are trained to use many different kinds of weapons, including rifles, grenades, rocket launchers, pistols, sniper rifles, and machine guns. It is one of the most dangerous jobs in any country's military. Since the end of World War II, 81% of Americans killed in battle were infantrymen. This is despite the fact that the infantry made up only about 4% of the US military. The infantry is the backbone of the military and the most important branch of the army.

Bryan Clay

Bryan Ezra Tsumoru Clay (born January 3, 1980) is an American decathlete – the 2008 Olympic gold medalist and 2004 Olympic silver medalist.

Clay was born in Austin, Texas. He was raised in Hawaii.

Monarch Airlines

Monarch Airlines was a budget airline which is based in the United Kingdom. It was created on 5 June 1967. Its first flight was on 5 April 1968 from Luton in England to Madrid in Spain. Monarch flew to many different places around the world, and usually to holiday resorts. The airline stopped flying on 2 October 2017.

Monarch's fleet consisted of 35 aircraft: 9 Airbus A320 aircraft, 25 Airbus A321 aircraft and 1 Boeing 737-800 aircraft.

Monarch had ordered 45 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft which were due to be delivered in 2018.

Monarch Airlines has had 2 accidents. Nobody was killed. On 22 May 2002, one of Monarch's Boeing 757s suffered broken landing gear at Gibraltar Airport because the pilot pushed the front wheels down too hard on landing.

On 17 March 2006, the flightdeck crew of a Boeing 757-200 lost visual contact with the runway while attempting to land at Gibraltar Airport. During the subsequent go-around, the crew nearly crashed into the Rock of Gibraltar. The aircraft diverted to Malaga to prevent a similar problem.

Budget airline

A budget airline or low-cost carrier is an airline which tries to keep its prices and fares lower than competitors. It usually does this by not offering services like free food and drink on a flight and keeping fines from airports low by keeping on time. They also usually only use one type of aircraft. Budget airlines were made famous by Southwest Airlines in the USA which only use Boeing 737 aircraft.

Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa

Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa (also called Madagascar 2: Escape to Africa or simply known as Madagascar 2) is a 2008 computer-animated adventure comedy movie and the sequel to the "first movie" about the same characters. It is directed by Eric Darnell and written by Thomas "Tom" McGrath. It stars the voices of Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, Jada Pinkett Smith, David Schwimmer, Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer and Andy Richter. Also providing voices are Alec Baldwin, will.i.am, Bernie Mac and Sherri Shepherd. It was made by DreamWorks Animation and was released in 2008.

In the movie, the New York Zoo animals, Alex the Lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe and Gloria the Hippo, still stranded on Madagascar, started to leave the island. All of the sudden, they landed in the wilderness of Africa. There, Alex soon meet the rest of his family and starting to have trouble communicating with them after much of his time at the Central Park Zoo. It was followed by "".


Same as previously movie, has also adaptaion into video games. Release in platforms PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Nintendo Wii, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, and also Microsoft Windows.


Wake Up Call

Wake Up Call could mean:

Convention People's Party

The Convention People's Party (CPP) is a political party in Ghana. It was started by Kwame Nkrumah in 1949. It was formed as a split from the United Gold Coast Convention, which, before the forming of the CPP, Nkrumah became general secretary of in 1947. Nkrumah split from the UGCC because Nkrumah did not agree with the UGCC's beliefs and ways. The party continues to exist today.


Violet Baudelaire

Violet Baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children's book series "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket. Violet is the oldest of the Baudelaire orphans. Her younger siblings are her brother Klaus and her sister Sunny. She is an inventor. She puts her hair up when she is inventing. Violet is 14 in the beginning of the series and turns 15 in The Grimm grotto.Violet has long, dark brown hair, and though her eye colour is never revealed in the books, it is suggested that her eyes are a different colour from Klaus's. In the 2004 movie she is played by Emily Browning. In the TV series made in 2017-2018 she is played by Malina Weismann.

Flat Earth

The flat earth is a scientifically false hypothesis that the surface of the Earth is not roughly a sphere, but rather flat (a plane). Belief in a flat Earth is found in writings predating around 500 BC. Early Mesopotamian maps showed the world as a flat disk floating in the ocean.

This was a common belief until the Classical Greeks began to discuss the Earth's shape about the 4th century BC. One of the "giveaways" is that ships' masts disappear as they move away from shore. 

Eratosthenes (276 –194 ) calculated the circumference of the Earth quite well. From then on, few educated people ever believed in its being flat, though the idea of a flat earth was still common among the less educated. Aristotle knew the Earth was round, that is to say, roughly spherical. (330 BC).

The large-scale shape of the Earth only matters when considering large distances, as it is hard to see the Earth's curve from the ground. Therefore in the Ancient world only sailors, astronomers, philosophers, and theologians would have cared about the Earth's large-scale shape.

The following authors argued for a spherical or ball-shaped earth: King Alfred of the Anglo-Saxons, Hildegard von Bingen, Thomas Aquinas, Snorri Sturluson, Marco Polo, Dante Alighieri, Christopher Columbus

Portuguese people explored Africa and Asia, Columbus sailed to the Americas (1492) and Ferdinand Magellan circumnavigated (sailed all round) the earth (1519-21). This proved finally, and in a practical way, that the Earth is a globe.

During the 19th century, the Romantic ideas about a European "Dark Age" made the Flat Earth model look more important than it ever had been in history.

In 1849, the Flat Earth movement was revived by Samuel Rowbotham, who wrote the book Zetetic Astronomy, which says that the results of his Bedford level experiment proved that the earth was flat.
The widely circulated woodcut is of a man poking his head through the firmament of a flat Earth to see the machines working the spheres. It was made in 16th century style but cannot be traced to an earlier time than Camille Flammarion's "L'Atmosphère: Météorologie Populaire" (Paris, 1888, p. 163). The woodcut illustrates the statement in the text that a missionary in the middle Ages claimed that "he reached the horizon where the Earth and the heavens met". That story may be traced back to Voltaire, but not to any known source in the Middle ages. The original woodcut had a decorative border that places it in the 19th century; in later publications, some claimed that the woodcut dated from the 16th century and the border was removed. According to an unproved story Flammarion ordered the woodcut himself; certainly no source of the image earlier than Flammarion's book is known.

An early mention in literature was Ludvig Holberg's comedy "Erasmus Montanus" (1723). A great many people disagree with Erasmus Montanus when he claims the Earth is round, since all the peasants believe it is flat. He is not allowed to marry his fiancée until he cries "The earth is flat as a pancake". In Rudyard Kipling's "The Village that Voted the Earth was Flat", the main characters spread the rumor that a Parish Council meeting had voted in favor of a flat Earth.

The myth of the flat Earth, or the flat earth error, is a modern wrong idea. It says that European scholars and educated people during the Middle Ages believed the Earth to be flat. They did not.

Fantasy fiction often imagines a flat Earth. In C. S. Lewis' "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader" the fictional world of Narnia is "round like a table" (i.e., flat), not "round like a ball", and the characters sail toward the edge of this world. Terry Pratchett's Strata and Discworld novels (1983 onwards) are set on a flat, disc-shaped world resting on the backs of four huge elephants which are in turn standing on the back of an enormous turtle.


John Gilbert (bushranger)

John Gilbert (1842 – 1865) was a famous Australian bushranger.

He was born in Hamilton, Canada. He came to Australia in 1852 when he was 10 years old. His family came to dig gold in Victoria, Australia. When he was 12 years old he got a job working with horses

When he was about 20 years old, Gilbert was living in New South Wales near Forbes. He became a member of a gang which was led by Frank Gardiner. Another member of the gang was Ben Hall. With Gardiner and Hall, Gilbert was involved with the biggest gold robbery in Australia's history: in 1862 the gang robbed a coach carrying gold at Eugowra. After the robbery, Gardiner went to Queensland to hide from the police. John Gilbert went to New Zealand. When he came back in May 1863, he started a new gang with Ben Hall.

The Ben Hall gang robbed travelers on the roads, the mail coaches, the gold escorts, hotels, farm houses and even held up whole towns. The police seemed to be unable to stop the gang. At first people thought this was fun, the police being made to look like fools. Gilbert and John O'Meally did the first daylight bank robbery in Australia in July 1863. They rode into the town of Carcoar and tried to take money from the bank. The man working at the bank grabbed his gun and fired it twice. Gilbert and O'Meally ran out of the bank, quickly got on to their horses and rode away.

But as the number of robberies continued, people became scared and wanted the government to do something. In 1864, Gilbert killed a policeman, Sergeant Edmund Parry, during a robbery near Jugiong. The police search for Gilbert became urgent.

At Springfield, near Goulburn, Gilbert tried to rob four young brothers. The boys fired their guns and kept the bushrangers back. Gilbert tried to shoot one of the boys, but his stolen race horse (called "Young Waverly") got in the way. The horse died immediately and Gilbert was trapped under the dead horse. People thought that this was very funny; a dangerous bushranger being made to look like a fool by a group of boys.

In 1865 another another policeman was killed by another member of the gang, John Dunn. Members of the gang were declared outlaws. This meant they could be killed by anyone at anytime. The police killed Ben Hall near Forbes on May 5, 1865. On May 13, 1865 Gilbert and Dunn went to hide at John Kelly's (Dunn's grandfather) house. Kelly told the police at Binalong where the two bushrangers were hiding so he could get the reward money. The police went to the house, but Gilbert and Dunn climbed out a window and ran down to Billabong Creek to escape into the bush. Constable King and Dunn were both shot. Gilbert was shot and killed when he stopped to shoot back at Constable John Bright. After an inquest to record how he died, he was buried at Binalong in the field where the police kept their horses. Gilbert was a bad criminal. He had been in 630 robberies. Dunn escaped but was captured six months later. He was hanged in Sydney in March 1866.

The story of John Gilbert was told in a poem, "How Gilbert Died" , by Australian poet, Banjo Paterson. Paterson had lived in Binalong when he was a young boy.


Sunny Baudelaire

Sunny Baudelaire is one of the main characters from Lemony Snicket's series of books, "A Series of Unfortunate Events". In the film she is portrayed by Kara and Shelby Hoffman.

She is the youngest of the Baudelaire orphans. Her two elder siblings are Violet and Klaus Baudelaire. She is described as being an infant throughout much of the series, and as a young (albeit advanced) child toward the end. Sunny cannot talk quite as well as the others because she's only a baby, but the baby noises that she makes are often very well translated into common English words by her older siblings. As the series progresses, her speech begins to grow and by the end of the series she is speaking in full sentences. Sunny's favorite book is "From Molars to Incisors: A Pictorial History of the Tooth", and she hates limp food. Her love of biting is not as common late in the series, though, when she develops a love of cooking.

Klaus Baudelaire

Klaus Baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children's book series, "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket. His first name is possibly derived from Claus von Bülow.

Klaus is the middle child of the Baudelaire orphans; he has an older sister named Violet and a younger sister named Sunny. He is twelve years old at the beginning of the series, and turns thirteen in "The Vile Village". He is fourteen by the end of the series.

Chris Paul

Christopher Emmanuel Paul (born May 6, 1985) is a professional basketball player who currently plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the New Orleans Hornets, Los Angeles Clippers, Houston Rockets, Oklahoma City Thunder, and Phoenix Suns. His nickname is CP3. In 2008, Paul won an Olympic gold medal as part of the United States basketball team.

Paul played college basketball at Wake Forest University.

Notes

United States men's national basketball team

The USA Basketball Men's National Team, commonly known as the United States men's national basketball team, is the most successful team in international competition, winning medals in all nineteen Olympic tournaments that it has entered, including sixteen golds. The team won Olympic gold medals in the professional time in 1992, 1996, 2000, 2008, 2012, 2016, and 2020.

In 1989, FIBA, international basketball's governing body, allowed professional NBA players to participate in the Olympics for the first time. Before the 1992 Summer Olympics, only European and South American professionals were allowed to play in the Olympics.

1992 roster

The official 12-man roster:






Nastia Liukin

Anastasia Valeri'yevna "Nastia" Liukina (simply credited as Nastia Liukin, born 1989, Moscow, Russia, USSR) is a Russian born American artistic gymnast. She is daughter of Anna Kotchneva, former rhythmic gymnast and Valeri Liukin, a former artistic gymnast. He is also her coach. The family moved to America when Nastia was a baby. She trains in Texas. Liukin won the all-around Olympic gold medal in the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics. She is fluent in both Russian and American English.

Shawn Johnson

Shawn Machel Johnson East (born January 19, 1992) is an American artistic gymnast. She is the 2008 Olympic women's balance beam gold medalist.

Johnson East is the daughter of Doug and Teri Johnson. Her parents put her in a gymnastics class after they saw her climbing up cabinets and jumping down from tables. When she was six, Liang Chow opened a gymnastics school in her city. She was one of Chow's first students when he opened the school.

Neuschwanstein Castle

Neuschwanstein Castle (, , Southern Bavarian: "Schloss Neischwanstoa"), which translates as New Swan Stone Castle, is a Romanesque palace that was made in the 19th century by King Ludwig II of Bavaria. The palace is in Bavaria in southern Germany. It is one of the most famous sites among tourists.

Paul Kelly (musician)

Paul Maurice Kelly (born 13 January 1955 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian rock music singer-songwriter, guitarist and harmonica player. Kelly has led many groups including Paul Kelly and the Dots, Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls and Paul Kelly and the Messengers. Kelly is one of Australia's most well-known singer-songwriters. His importance was recognised in 1997 when he was added to the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Hall of Fame.
Kelly writes and plays in many music styles, from bluegrass to reggae. His main styles are folk, rock, and country. Kelly's Top 40 singles on the National charts were his 1980s songs "Billy Baxter", "Before Too Long", "Darling it Hurts", "To Her Door", "Dumb Things", and his 2000 single "Roll on Summer". "To Her Door", written by Kelly, was his best local hit. It got to Number 14 on the Australian singles charts in 1987. "Dumb Things" got to Number 16 on the US "Billboard" Modern Rock chart in 1988. He has also had success with his albums with Top 20 hits on the National charts for "Gossip", "Under The Sun" and "So Much Water So Close To Home" from the 1980s; "Comedy", "Wanted Man", "Songs from the South: Paul Kelly's Greatest Hits" and "Words and Music" from the 1990s; and "Nothing But A Dream", "Ways & Means" and "Stolen Apples" from the 2000s. The compilation album "Songs from the South" got to Number 2 in 1997. His highest charting studio album was "Nothing But A Dream" which got to Number 7 in 2001.

Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder

Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder. It affects how people think and act. 

People with ADHD may have trouble sitting still, being quiet, or sleeping. They may be rather impulsive. 
They usually have problems focusing and remembering what is said or done around them. ADHD is called a "neurological developmental disorder" because it affects how people's nervous systems develop.

Experts think that, throughout the world, about one in twenty children (5%) have ADHD. Some countries have more people with ADHD than others, and not everyone uses the same tests. Psychologists have found more people with ADHD in North America than in Africa and the Middle East. In the United States, about one in every fourteen children has ADHD (7%), including one in every ten boys (10%) and one in every twenty-five girls (4%). This could be because more boys get ADHD, or because fewer girls take ADHD tests.

ADHD is most diagnosed in children and especially in boys. However, it is not uncommon for teenagers or adults to be diagnosed with ADHD. ADHD has no cure which means it is permanent. However, people with ADHD can treat it which means to help them get better. The difference between a cure and treatment is a cure entirely removes a problem, while the treatment does not remove the problem but help make the symptoms go away as if you don't have ADHD.

People with ADHD can have trouble paying attention, be overly active, or be impulsive. There are three types of ADHD, based on which of the three symptoms is most common.

Someone who usually has trouble paying attention may have some or all of these symptoms:
Someone who usually is overly active may have some or all of these symptoms:
People who are overly active usually lose these symptoms as they get older.

Someone who usually is impulsive may have some or all of these symptoms:
People with ADHD may have trouble making and keeping friends. They may also have trouble controlling their anger. While children with ADHD may have trouble doing some things, many children with ADHD will not have trouble paying attention to something they enjoy or think is interesting.

Most people who have ADHD also have other mental disorders, most often oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, dyslexia, Tourette syndrome, anxiety disorders (especially obsessive-compulsive disorder), mood disorders, substance use disorders, eating disorders and personality disorders (especially antisocial, borderline, histrionic, passive-aggressive and avoidant).

It is believed that the main difference between neurotypical brains and the ones with ADHD is the deficit in the amount of dopamine receptors within the synapses in the brain. This deficit is said to be the main factor in regulating motivation and sustaining attention. 

Research of twins has shown that about three in four cases of ADHD are caused by one or both parents having ADHD. Siblings of children with ADHD are three to four times more likely to develop the disorder than siblings of children without the disorder. Genetic factors are also believed to be involved in determining whether ADHD lasts into adulthood. Some scientists think that ADHD is common because when humans were first developing, it was good to be overly active. Others think that, because ADHD is more common in children when the mother is anxious, ADHD developed to help children in dangerous places.

There are other possible causes for ADHD. If a pregnant person drinks alcohol, it can cause fetal alcohol syndrome, which can include ADHD. ADHD can also happen if a mother smokes tobacco while she is pregnant. Lead, low birth weight, premature birth, and some infections can increase the risk of a child having ADHD.

There is no cure for ADHD. People with ADHD can be helped with therapy or medication. Therapy is recommended for children who do not have bad symptoms or are very young. Therapy for people with ADHD helps with attention and behavior. There is also education for parents and teachers to help children with ADHD. Some physical exercise has been shown to help people with ADHD.

Generally, its treatment is categorized into two categories i.e. pharmacological and nonpharmacological. The first line treatment for ADHD includes cognitive behavioral therapy and use of stimulants. While cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) programs were once thought to be the solution for working with ADHD children and getting them to slow down and think, sadly, CBT programs have not been proven to be an efficient strategy for working with ADHD populations. 

Stimulants increase the amount of a chemical called dopamine in the brain, which helps with paying attention, planning, organization, and management of being overly active. These medications should not be given to children below the age of 6. 

People do not agree about the diagnosis of ADHD. The number of people with ADHD has increased in the last several years. Some people think this is because doctors are diagnosing too many people. Others think it is because doctors are getting better at finding people with ADHD. Some people think that ADHD is made up and not a real illness, even though it's the most researched condition in psychiatry. Most studies suggest that ADHD is mostly caused by problems with genes.

Several famous people have spoken about the rise in ADHD diagnoses. Actor Tom Cruise said that the medicines usually given to people with ADHD were like illegal drugs. Others disagreed with him because the amount of medicine given to people with ADHD does not cause addiction. There have been many studies about the effectiveness of the medicines used with ADHD. One certain study found that the medicine did help over a long time, but did not help more than other types of treatment.


Prevalence

Prevalence is a measure from the statistics of epidemiology. The prevalence of a disease in a certain population tries to answer the question of how common the disease is. A simple way to do this is to see how many members of the population have the disease, and divide by the total number of people in the population.

Apologetic proverb

Apologetic proverbs (also known as wellerisms), make fun of proverbs by showing that they are wrong, in some situations.

They have : 

They often have sardonic humor.


Ozone

Ozone, or trioxygen, is a chemical with the symbol O. This means one molecule of ozone is made of three oxygen atoms. Ozone is rarely called "trioxygen", even though this is its IUPAC systematic name. Ozone is formed from oxygen gas (O) by the action of ultraviolet light and also atmospheric electrical discharges. It is present in low concentrations throughout the Earth's atmosphere. In total, ozone makes up only 0.6 ppm (parts per million) of the atmosphere by volume.

Ozone is important to life on planet Earth. There is a portion of the stratosphere with a high concentration of ozone, called the ozone layer. The ozone layer is 10 to 50 kilometers above the ground. It filters out damaging ultraviolet radiation from the Sun, like a kind of sun screen. Without this ozone layer things would not have been able to live on the surface of our planet. The ozone layer also absorbs a lot of heat from the sun's rays. 

However, ozone is toxic to animals and plants above concentrations of about 0.1 ppm. In humans, it can cause nasal and throat irritation, and nausea. Extended exposure can cause lung oedema. 0.100 ppm is the maximum allowable limit for industrial, public, or occupied spaces in England, Japan, France, the Netherlands and Germany.

The ozone near the ground forms because of pollution. It is formed by a chemical reaction between volatile organic compounds and nitrogen oxides. These molecules are common pollutants in cities. Ozone at ground level creates smog.

Notes

Muhammad Hashim Gazdar

Muhammad Hashim Gazdar () was a prominent politician of Pakistan. He was mayor of Karachi and a former member of the Bombay Legislative Council from Sindh constituency.

He was originally from Rajputana and led the Marwari group in Karachi politics. He was born in 1895 in Jaisalmer (present day India). His ancestral roots linked to Rajput Clans of Rajisthan from where his father immigrated and settled in Karachi after the Sindh was amalgamated in British empire since 1843. He completed his intermediate from Sindh Madressah-tul-Islam, Karachi in 1911. Later, he went to Maharashtar to study engineering in Pune. Later he shifted to Bombay where he joined the project to uplift the lower caste in Bombay but after it was unsuccessful, he resigned along with a number of others from the project.

After he retired from the project, he returned to Karachi and worked as an engineer at the then District Local Board, Karachi. However, he later resigned from the job due to differences on policy matter with G. M. Syed, who was then the president of the Board.

Later, he joined politics and was elected a member of the Bombay Legislative Council from the constituency of Sindh in the 1934 election. Meanwhile he remained active in politics through the platform of the Sindh Ittehad party. He was also elected Mayor of the Municipality of Karachi for the term from May 1941 to May 1942. Afterwards, he joined Jinnah's All India Muslim League; that was launching a movement for establishment of an independent state for Muslim population of India within the sub-continent (which emerged as Pakistan later). Quaid e Azam led this movement and Hashim Gazdar was a friend of Muhammed Ali Jinnah on the platform of All India Muslim League to achieve the goal of a separate Muslim state. During this course, he was again elected a member of Legislative Assembly from Sindh; and remained the Deputy Speaker thereof.

Muhammed Hashim Gazdar was among the people who represented Sindh in the first session of Pakistan's initiating Constituent Assembly that was convened four days prior to the emergence of Pakistan, i.e. 10 August 1947 at Sindh Assembly Building, Karachi. Other members to represent Sindh were Muhammed Ayub Khoro, J. Ram Das Doulat Ram, and Pirzada Abdul Sattar Abdul Rehman.

As a former politician, the role played by Hashim Gazdar during the pre-partition and post partition era is highly acknowledged. Being an honest legislator, a veteran Muslim League politician, his role was significant as an ideological prominent figure on the scenario of Pakistan politics since its genesis. Being a commendable parliamentarian, he is highly appreciable with a view to transiting politics to the new stream in accordance with the changing necessities of times.

He died in 1966 and is buried in Muslim Marwari Graveyard Mewashah, Karachi.

Jaisalmer

Jaisalmer, nicknamed "The Golden City", is a town in the Indian state of Rajasthan. The town is located on a ridge of yellowish sandstone which contains a palace and temples. It lies in the middle of the Thar Desert and has a population of about 78,000. It is the capital of Jaisalmer District. The city is named after Rawal Jaisal.

Treaty of Lahore

The Treaty of Lahore was signed on 9 March 1846 after the First Sikh War. After the defeat of the Sikhs at the Battle of Sobraon the British were able to march into Lahore without any further battles. After the British reached the city of Lahore the treaty was signed.

The Sikhs (who had been defeated) were forced to sign the treaty with the British. As part of the treaty the Sikhs agreed to handover Kashmir and Hazara and Jalandhar Doab to the British. The treaty also resulted in the famous Koh-i-Noor diamond falling into British hands.

Gulab Singh, an Indian prince, negotiated between the British and the Sikhs over how the Sikhs would surrender. As well as handing over land to the British, the Sikhs had to allow a British Resident and a British army contingent at Lahore and troops in other cities.

