Also, under the treaty, the Sikhs had to pay 1.2 million pounds to the British. As they were unable to pay Gulab Singh was able to take Kashmir from the Punjab government by paying 750,000 pounds to the East India Company. The Sikhs were also forced to give up the territory between the Satluj and the Beas rivers to the British. The Sikh army was also reduced. Maharaja Duleep Singh was recognised as the new ruler of Punjab. The new rulers were forbidden to employ any European without the permission of the British.


Treaty of Amritsar (1846)

The Treaty of Amritsar was signed on March 16, 1846 to settle a dispute over territory in Kashmir after the First Sikh War with the United Kingdom. The treaty was signed in the city of Amritsar. As part of the treaty land was given to Maharaja Gulab Singh Dogra. Gulab Singh was then able to rule over the lands to the west of the Ravi River including Chamba. Gulab Singh paid money to the British Government to get this land. The Treaty of Amritsar marked the beginning of Dogra rule in Kashmir, which was to end in 1948 after India got independence from Britishers.


Amritsar

Amritsar (, meaning: "The Lake of the Holy Nectar",) is the capital of the Amritsar District in the state of Punjab, India. According to the 2001 Indian census, over 1,500,000 people lived in the city.

Amritsar is in the state of Punjab, India, 32 km east of Lahore, Pakistan. The Harimandir Sahib, also known as the Golden Temple, is there. The temple is the centre of the Sikh religion. 

In the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre of 1919 under British Rule a large number of protestors were shot at and killed by British troops. The city is also famous for Operation Bluestar, a military operation carried out by India in 1984 that was ordered by the Prime Minister of India of the time, Indira Gandhi. Many Sikhs were angered, as the holy Golden Temple of the Sikhs was damaged by the Indian Army.

Amritsar district

Amritsar district (Panjabi:ਅੰਮ੍ਰਿਤਸਰ ਜਿਲ੍ਹਾ) is one of 26 districts in the state of Punjab in West India. It has a population over 3,000,000 and covers an area of 5075 km². The city of Amritsar is headquarters of this district.

During British Rule Amritsar was part of Lahore Division and was subdivided into 3 tehsils, there were - Amritsar taluka, Tarn Taran taluka and Ajnala taluka. However, as part of the partition of India in 1947 Amritsar district was separated from the rest of the division and given to India. During the partition period, the Muslim population of the district, some 46%, left for Pakistan while Hindus and Sikhs from Pakistan settled in the district.

As the British said, regarding Sikh Jats of Manjha (Majha), Jat Sikh is strong, tall, and muscular, with well shaped limbs, erect carriage, and strongly marked and handsome features. They are good cultivators and make fine soldiers. 

The Muhammadan Jats are poor cultivators. And to mention that Muhammadan Jats were mainly numerous in the Ajnala Riverside area only.





https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.105589/mode/1up

Lahore Division

Lahore Division () was a former division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan. In 2000 the government of Pakistan ended divisions.

Lahore Division was also an administrative division of Punjab Province of British India. It extended along the right bank of the Sutlej River from the Himalaya to Multan, and was made up of the six districts of Sialkot, Gujranwala, Montgomery, Lahore, Amritsar, and Gurdaspur. With the Partition of British India into the independent states of India and Pakistan in 1947, Lahore Division was divided among the two countries.

Divisions of Pakistan

Pakistan, including the disputed territory of Kashmir, originally had 37 political divisions during the United Pakistan period, that was inherited by British India, then from 1971-2000 it was reduced to 33 since four were lost to the independence of Bangladesh" 

The Divisions of Pakistan () used to be a subdivision of Pakistan's provinces. Pakistan's four provinces were split into divisions and the divisions were split into districts. However after the year 2000, the government of Pakistan abolished divisions.

In August 2000, local government reforms abolished the "Division" as an administrative tier and introduced a system of local government councils, with the first elections held in 2001. Following that there was radical restructuring of the local government system to implement "the principle of subsidiarity, whereby all functions that can be effectively performed at the local level are transferred to that level". This meant devolution of many functions, to districts and tehsils, which were previously handled at the provincial and divisional levels. At abolition, there were twenty-six divisions in Pakistan proper - five in Sindh, six in Balochistan, seven in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and eight in Punjab. Abolition did not affect the two divisions of Azad Kashmir, which form the second tier of government.

Former subdivisions of Pakistan

The former subdivisions of Pakistan are states, provinces and territories of Pakistan. Most of which existed between 1947 and 1975.

Pakistan's subdivisions originate from those of British India, during their rule the British had established provinces and chief commissioners. After 1947 Pakistan and India became independent when British India was divided.

From 1947 to 1971, Pakistan was split into two areas (East and West Pakistan) that were 1600 kilometres apart separated by India in the middle. The eastern wing had one province - East Bengal which included the Sylhet District from the former Indian province of Assam, and also the former district of East Pakistan province. The western wing was formed from three Governor's provinces (North-West Frontier Province, West Punjab and Sind (historical), one Chief Commissioner's Province (Baluchistan), several Princely states and parts of occupied Kashmir.



Kalat Division

Kalat Division () originally it was called Baluchistan States Union, until the merger with West Pakistan in 1955 and was also an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it.

Makran Division

Makran Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it.


Nasirabad Division

Nasirabad Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it. The capital was Nasirabad town.

Makran

Makran () is a partly-desert coastal strip in the south of Balochistan, in Iran and Pakistan. It is along the coast of the Arabian Sea and the Gulf of Oman. The Persian phrase "Mahi khoran", fish-eaters ("Mahi" = fish + "khor" = eat) is believed to be the origin of the modern word "Makran".

The narrow coastal plain rises very rapidly into several mountain ranges. The coastline is 1,000 km, 750 km of this is in Pakistan. The climate is very dry with very little rainfall. 
According to the book Documents on the Persian Gulf's name " and ENCYCLOPEDIA Iranika Makran also Mekran and Mokrān historically in persian and Arabic text was a vast area from Hormuz strait to the Sind River some mentioned as far as Gujarat region, also the body of water in that region was called Macran Sea. The name Makrān has found a popular etymology in māhi-ḵᵛorān “fish eaters,” but more probable is a connection with the name Magan, or Maka of the Old Persian. Until the early Islamic period, eastern Makrān at least must have been within the sphere of Indian religion and culture. On his way homewards from the Far East in 1290, Marco Polo (II, pp. 334-35) sailed along the Makrān coast, calling it KisMacoran (i.e. Tiz Makrān), considering it as the last province of India and attributing to it a ruler of its own. In the early 14th century, Ebn Baṭṭuṭa (II, pp. 341-2) records that, after the death of the Il-Khanid sultan (i.e. after 736/1335), a certain Malek Dinār took power in Makrān. It was during these centuries that Makrān was colonized by Baluch nomads moving southeastwards from Persia, so that it is today mostly Baluch-speaking. The boundary between Persian Makrān and that part coming within the British Indian province of Baluchistan (the easternmost part forming the Native State of Las Bela) and after 1947 within Pakistan, was demarcated by an Anglo-Persian Boundary Commission in 1870-72.

Geography of Iran

The Geography of Iran contains mountains, rivers as well as plain land. Iran is a country of Southwest Asia, it borders the Gulf of Oman, the Persian Gulf, and the Caspian Sea, between Iraq and Pakistan. Iran is one of the world's most mountainous countries. 

Iran has an area of 1,648,000 square kilometres and is the sixteenth largest in size. Iran is bordered to the north by Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Turkmenistan. The border with these countries are more than 2,000 kilometres long and includes nearly 650 kilometres of water along the southern shore of the Caspian Sea.

Iran's western borders are with Turkey in the north and Iraq in the south, ending at the Shatt al Arab (which Iranians call the Arvand Rud). The Persian Gulf and Gulf of Oman littorals form the southern border (1,770 kilometres). To the east lie Afghanistan on the north and Pakistan on the south. The distance from the Iran's border with Azerbaijan in the north-west to the border with Pakistan in the south-east is about 2,333 kilometres.


Administrative units of Pakistan

Pakistan is a country in Asia. It is divided into five provinces and two territories. Pakistan also administers part of Kashmir. This part is divided into two separate areas. The rest of Kashmir is administered by India.

Each province of Pakistan is divided into "zillas" - zillah is an Urdu word () meaning district. There are 105 districts in Pakistan.

A district is divided into tehsils (). A tehsils is similar to a county. Tehsils are used in all provinces except in Sindh province where the word taluka () is used instead. Tehsils may contain villages or towns and cities.

Each tehsil is further divided into union councils. A union council is the smallest part of local government in Pakistan. They are sometimes made up of a few villages.

There are over 5,000 local government areas in Pakistan. Since 2001, these have been led by democratically elected local councils, each headed by a Nazim (the word means "supervisor" in Urdu, but is sometimes translated as mayor). Women have been allotted a minimum of 33% seats in these councils; there is no maximum limit to the number of women in these councils.

In the 1960s, Pakistan was simply divided into two "units" these were East Pakistan and West Pakistan. Shortly before East Pakistan became independent as Bangladesh, West Pakistan reverted to a system with four provinces. The provinces consisted of subunits called "divisions", which were further subdivided into districts, tehsils, and villages or municipalities.

In August 2000, Pervez Musharraf's local government reforms abolished the "division" as an administrative tier. A system of local government councils was established, with the first elections being held in 2001. Since then Pakistan has had greatly changed the local government system. The government had a plan to allow devolution. This plan according to the government "follows the principle of subsidiarity, whereby all functions that can be effectively performed at the local level are transferred to that level."

This means mean that decisions are made locally by people who live in the area and not in far away cities. 


Subsidiarity

Subsidiarity is an idea that things should be handled by the smallest, lowest or least centralised authority.

The idea is that the top authority should only do things which cannot be properly done at a lower or local level. It applies to many areas of life.

Just Dance (song)

"Just Dance" is a 2008 song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her debut album, "The Fame". Gaga sang this song with Colby O'Donis. The song was nominated for Best Dance Recording at the 2009 Grammy Awards. It reached #1 in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Ireland, and the Netherlands.

On April 12, 2023, the Recording Industry Association of America announced the the song had been certified 11× Platinum (Diamond + Platinum) for shipments and streams of 11 million copies in the US alone. This made Gaga only the third female artist to have three Diamond- or higher-certified songs, after Katy Perry and Cardi B.

Released on April 25, 2008, the video was directed by music video director Melina Matsoukas, filmed in March 2008. and is based on the thematic content of the song of being in a party. The video begins with Gaga arriving with her background dancers at a house party, which seems to have ended. One of the dancers puts a Discolite boombox on, blaring the music through the house. The crowd at the party appear to be sleeping in different areas, and are awoken by the music. They all start to dance, and scenes of the party are intercut with scenes of a scantily clad Gaga dancing in a poncho, with a disco ball or in a small kiddie pool playing with an inflated orca whale. She wears a blue, lightning-bolt shaped sticker beneath her right eye like that on the single cover, which paid tribute to the album cover of David Bowie's "Aladdin Sane", as he is one of her musical idols. O'Donis appears in the video being flanked by several girls during the "When I come through on the dance floor" interlude. Cameo appearances are made by Akon and Space Cowboy. MTV called the video an ode to the "Me Decade". During an interview with Australian radio in September 2008, Gaga said that "[t]he whole video is performance art about being drunk at a party." When asked about the shooting experience of the music video, Gaga explained,

"Oh it was so fun, it was amazing. For me it was like being on a Martin Scorsese set. I've been so low budget for so long, and to have this incredibly amazing video was really very humbling. It was really fun, but you'll see if you ever come to a video shoot of mine one day – I'm very private about those things, I don't really talk to everybody. I'm not like the party girl running around. I might even seem to be a bit of a diva. I'm sort of with myself, in my work head space worrying about costumes, and if extras look right, and placement. I don't just show up for things, you know. That video was a vision of mine. It was Melina the director who wanted to do something, to have a performance art aspect that was so pop but it was still commercial, but that felt like lifestyle. It was all those things, I love it."
The official video on Lady Gaga's Vevo channel, LadyGagaVevo, was a favorite among fans on and around December 8, 2009, the day Vevo was launched.

Districts of Pakistan

"Before 2001"

Rose Tyler (Doctor Who)

Rose Marion Tyler is a character in the British television series "Doctor Who". She was played by Billie Piper. Rose was a companion of the Doctor.

The character was created by series producer Russell T Davies. When "Doctor Who" was returned to television in 2005, Rose was introduced in the show as a new "companion" of series protagonist the Doctor, in his Ninth and later Tenth bodies. A regular companion of the Doctor for all of series one and series two, Rose also returned in the programme's fourth series having Changed in the gap between them.

When first seen, Rose is 19 years old and working in a shop named Henrik's. She has a boyfriend named Mickey Smith, and lives in an apartment with her mother Jackie Tyler in the Powell Estate in London. Rose left school without taking her A-levels but won the bronze medal in an under-sevens gymnastics competition at her school. Her father, Pete Tyler died in 1987 in a car accident, the year after Rose was born. When she was twelve, she received a red bicycle for Christmas, which was given to her by the Doctor after meeting Rose in the future.

Ninth Doctor saves her from aliens named Autons then he destroys the building. She helps the Doctor to defeat the autons then decides to travel with him.

While they are travelling, the Doctor and Rose realise that the words "Bad Wolf" follow them around. They discover that Rose herself is the Bad Wolf, and that the words are a message. They tell Rose that she must travel to the future to absorb the energies of the time vortex, to save the Doctor and the Earth from the Daleks. By absorbing the power of the TARDIS, she destroy the Daleks, brings Captain Jack back to life and leaves the words "Bad Wolf" through the universe as clues that are seen throughout the series.

Soon the energies she absorbed begin to destroy her body. The Doctor, through a kiss, absorbs the power, sacrificing his ninth incarnation and regenerating before Rose's eyes into the Tenth Doctor.

At the beginning of season 2, Rose and the Doctor travel "farther than we've ever gone before" to New New Earth. There they meet the Face of Boe again and help defeat some cat-nurses. Over the course of season two, we learn that Rose has a crush on the Doctor, a point that is made strongly in 2.03 (when she competes for the Doctor's affections with former companion, Sarah Jane Smith) and 2.04 (when the Doctor falls for Madame de Pompadour). Toward the end of the season, the Doctor starts to return affection for Rose, ending in the finale where Rose is trapped in a parallel universe (that looks just like ours) with her mother, Jackie, Mickey, and her parallel-universe father, Peter Tyler.

Rose makes a number of little, non-speaking appearances throughout series four. 
In "Turn Left", when a Time Beetle causes Donna to change the past and change the universe, Rose continually appears to her and helps her to set things right by sending her back in time. She also gives Donna the message "Bad Wolf" to deliver to the Doctor, which tells him that it is the end of the universe. Rose is reunited with the Doctor in "The Stolen Earth", but as the two run towards each other, the Doctor is shot down by a Dalek. A sad Rose, reunited with Jack Harkness for the first time since she resurrected him in "The Parting of the Ways", is forced to watch the Doctor begin to regenerate again.

In "Journey's End" the Doctor regenerates just enough to heal himself, moving the rest of his 'Time Lord' regenerative energy into his hand that was cut off in the series two episode "The Christmas Invasion". Donna later touches the hand, and the energy that flows into her creates a weird event called a 'biological metacrisis'. This metacrisis causes the hand to develop into a part human, part time lord version of the Doctor, complete with the Doctor's memories, personality and knowledge, but exhibiting traits of Donna's personality. This mixed version of the Doctor also has only one heart, and he can't regenerate. The original Doctor returns Rose to her alternate universe's Bad Wolf Bay. Between themselves, the original Doctor and the half-human Doctor have decided that the half-human Doctor will stay with Rose; this Doctor can give Rose a romantic relationship, as he will age and die as a human rather than greatly outliving her like his Time Lord counterpart would. The Doctor tells Rose that his half-human self needs her as he was "born of blood and fire and revenge" much like his previous body was after the Time War. He believes Rose can help turn him into a "better man". When the half-human Doctor seemingly completes the sentence the original Doctor started at the end of "Doomsday" they kiss each other. And although we do not hear what the half-human Doctor had whispered to Rose, executive producer Julie Gardner confirmed in Doctor Who Confidential that "even though we don't hear it, of course he's saying 'I love you'."

The Doctor then leaves Rose and her Doctor in their parallel universe, the walls once again sealed.

Jammu and Kashmir (princely state)

Kashmir and Jammu was a princely state in the Himalayas next to the territories of British India in the north. It was ruled by a Hindu Maharaja.

The state was created in 1846 after the defeat of the Sikhs. The East India Company annexed the Kashmir valley and wanted to recover some of the cost of the Anglo-Sikh war. The Muslim majority Kashmir was sold to the Dogra ruler of Jammu under the Treaty of Amritsar. The area of the state were set by the Treaty of Amritsar of 1846 "situated to the eastward of the Indus and westward of the Ravi River it covered an area of 80,900 km2.

After the British left India the princely state was divided between Pakistan and India as war took place between the neighbours.

Before the creation of the princely state, Kashmir had been ruled by the Durrani Empire it was then taken over by the Sikhs under Ranjit Singh. During Sikh rule Jammu had been a tributary of the Sikh Empire in the Punjab region, but after the death of its Raja, Kishore Singh, Dogra, in 1822 his son Gulab Singh was recognised by the Sikhs as being his heir. He then began expanding his kingdom.

As Ruler Jammu Gulab Singh took over Bhadarwah then Kishtwar. Taking over Kishtwar meant that Singh had now gained control of two of the roads which led into Ladakh which allowed him to take control of that territory. Although there were huge difficulties, due to the mountains and glaciers, the Dogras under Gulab Singh's officer, Zorawar Singh managed to conquered the whole of Ladakh.

A few years later, in 1840, General Zorawar Singh invaded Baltistan and captured the Raja of Skardu who had sided with the Ladakhis, and took over his country. The following year (1841) Zorawar Singh tried to invade Tibet, however due to the winter weather and by being attacked by the Tibetians. He along with almost all of his army died.

In the winter of 1845 war broke out between the British and the Sikhs. Gulab Singh remained neutral until the battle of Sobraon in 1846, when he became a trusted adviser of Sir Henry Lawrence. This allowed him to gain land for himself - all the hilly or mountainous land to the east of the Indus and west of the Ravi River.

Kashmir itself was not easy for the Maharaja to take over. The Maharaja's army had to fight Imam-ud-din - the Sikh governor. Imam-ud-din was aided by the Bambas from the Jhelum valley. They managed to defeat Gulab Singh's troops near to Srinagar, killing Wazir Lakhpat. However Imam-ud-din was later persuaded by Sir Henry Lawrence to stop fighting and Kashmir passed without further fighting to the new ruler.

Not long afterwards the Hunza Raja, attacked Gilgit territory. Nathu Shah on behalf of Gulab Singh responded by leading a force to attack the Hunza valley; he and his force were destroyed, and Gilgit fort fell into the hands of the Hunza Raja, along with Punial, Yasin, and Darel. The Maharaja then sent two armies, one from Astor and one from Baltistan, and after some fighting Gilgit fort was taken back. In 1852 the Dogra troops were defeated by Gaur Rahman of Yasin, and for eight years the Indus formed the boundary of the Maharaja's territories.

Gulab Singh died in 1857, his successor, Ranbir Singh, sided with the British during the Indian Rebellion. After the rebellion had been defeated by the British Ranbir decided to take back Gilgit. In 1860 a force under Devi Singh crossed the Indus, and moved towards Gaur Rahman's strong fort at Gilgit. Gaur Rahman had died just before the arrival of the Dogras. The fort was taken and held by the Maharajas until 1947.

Although Ranbir Singh was tolerant of other religions his control over the country was weak, between 1877 and 1879 a dreadful famine took place in Kashmir.

Jammu was the southernmost part of the state and was next to the Punjab districts of Jhelum, Gujrat, Sialkot, and Gurdaspur.

There used to be a route from Kohala to Leh, it was possible to travel from Rawalpindi via Kohala and over the Kohala Bridge into Kashmir. The route from Kohala to Srinagar was a cart-road 132 miles in length, from Kohala to Baramulla the road was close to the Jhelum River. At Muzaffarabad the Kishenganga River joins the Jhelum and at this point the road from Abbottabad and Garhi Habibullah meet the Kashmir route. The road carried heavy traffic and had to be repaired main times by the authorities.

In 1893 very serious floods took place in the Jhelum because of rain that fell for 52 hours, and much damage was done to Srinagar. However the floods of 1903 was much more severe.

In 1947 the Indian Independence Act was passed, this meant that British India would become two independent states - Pakistan and India. Also each of the princely states would be free to join India or Pakistan - or remain independent. All of princely ended up becoming part of Pakistan or India.

However the ruler of Kashmir wanted to remain independent, neither joining Pakistan or India, this led to war between the two neighbouring countries in which Kashmir became divided between them. Each considered that "all" of the former princely state belongs to them. This has led to several wars. The Kashmir conflict between the two nuclear neighbours remains one of the hardest and longest running disputes that the United Nations Security Council has been trying to solve.


Automatix (software)

Automatix was a computer program to install software on Ubuntu in an easy way.

Automatix allowed the menu-driven installation of 56 different “capabilities”, including commercial closed source programs such as the Flash plugin, Acrobat Reader, multimedia codecs (DivX, MP3, Windows Media Audio) and fonts, and programming compilers.
Ultamatix was a fork of automatix.

Jallianwala Bagh massacre

The Jallianwalah Bagh Massacre, also known as the Amritsar Massacre was a massacre that happened in Amritsar, in 1919. It is named after the Jallianwala Bagh (Temple) in the northern Indian city of Amritsar, Punjab. On April 13, 1919, British Indian Army soldiers started shooting at an unarmed crowd of men, women and children. The person in charge was Brigadier-General Reginald Dyer, the military commander of Amritsar.

The shooting lasted about ten minutes. According to official British Raj sources, 379 people were killed. According to other sources, there were over 1,000 deaths, with more than 2,000 hurt badly, and Civil Surgeon Dr. Smith said that there were 1500 casualties.

World War I began with large support and friendliness towards the United Kingdom from the leaders of India. This was not expected by the British, who thought there may be a revolt. India helped the British war effort by providing men and resources. About 1.3 million Indian soldiers and workers served in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, while both the Indian government and the princes sent large supplies of food, money, and ammunition.

Bengal and Punjab were areas where people still did not like the British. Terrorist-style attacks in Bengal were connected with the unrest in Punjab. From the beginning of the war, the overseas Indian population (mainly from Canada, Germany, and the United States) tried to start a rebellion in India similar to the 1857 uprising. With Irish Republican, German and Turkish help, a large conspiracy was made called the HinduGerman Conspiracy. This conspiracy also tried to make Afghanistan not support British India.

After World War I, the high number of dead and wounded, inflation, heavy taxation and other problems greatly affected the people of India. Indian soldiers smuggled weapons into India to get rid of British rule. Different groups joined together to demand independence from Britain. In 1916, the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League signed the Lucknow Pact, agreeing to build a border dividing Punjab (India) and Pakistan.

The worsening civil unrest throughout India, especially amongst the Bombay millworkers, led to the Rowlatt committee in 1919. The Rowlatt committee was named after Sydney Rowlatt, an English judge. The job of the committee was to understand German and Bolshevik links to the militant movement in India, especially in Punjab and Bengal. The committee asked for an extension of the Defence of India act of 1915 The act gave the Viceroy's government great power, that included silencing the press, detaining political activists without trial, arrest without warrant of any individual suspected of treason. This act sparked huge anger within India.

The events that followed the Rowlatt Act in 1919 were also influenced by the events linked to the Ghadar conspiracy. British Indian Army troops were returning from the battlefields of Europe and Mesopotamia to an economic depression in India. There were many attempts to mutiny in 1915 and the Lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention. News of young Mohajirs who fought on behalf of the Turkish Caliphate and later for the Red Army during the Russian Civil War was also beginning to reach India. The Russian Revolution had also started to influence India. It was at this time that Mahatma Gandhi, until then relatively unknown on the Indian political scene, became a mass leader.

Gandhi's call for protest against the Rowlatt act got an expected response - of furious unrest and protests. The situation especially in Punjab became bad very quickly. Rail, telegraph and communication systems were all disrupted. A huge crowd of 20,000 marched through Lahore.

In Amritsar, over 5,000 people gathered at Jallianwala Bagh. Michael O'Dwyer is said to have believed that this was part of an attempt to rebel against the British. James Houssemayne Du Boulay is said to have seen a direct relationship between the fear of a Ghadarite uprising in an increasingly tense situation in Punjab, and the British response that ended in the massacre.

On April 10, 1919, a protest was held at the residence of the Deputy Commissioner of Amritsar. The demonstration was held to demand the release of two popular leaders of the Indian Independence Movement, Satya Pal and Saifuddin Kitchlew, who had been arrested on account of their protests. The crowd was shot at by British troops. The shooting started more violence. Later in the day, several banks and other government buildings, including the Town Hall and the railway station were attacked and set on fire. The violence continued to increase, and resulted in the deaths of at least 5 Europeans, including government employees and civilians.

For the next two days, Amritsar was quiet, but violence continued in other parts of the Punjab. Railway lines were cut, telegraph posts destroyed, government buildings burnt, and three Europeans were killed. By April 13, the British government had decided to place most of the Punjab under martial law. The legislation placed restrictions on a number of civil liberties, including freedom of assembly, banning gatherings of more than four people.

On April 13, 1919, thousands of people gathered in the Jallianwala Bagh (garden) near the Golden Temple in Amritsar. The date was for the Baisakhi festival which was also the Sikh new year. For more than two hundred years, this festival had drawn thousands from all over India. People had travelled for days to get to Amritsar.

The Jallianwala Bagh was surrounded on all sides by houses and buildings and had few narrow entrances, most of which were kept locked. Unable to escape people tried to climb the walls of the park. Many jumped into a well inside the compound to escape from the bullets. A plaque in the monument says that 120 bodies were pulled out of the well.
As a result of the shooting, hundreds of people were killed and thousands were injured. The shooting lasted for ten minutes. In a telegram sent to Dyer, British Lieutenant-Governor of Punjab, Sir Michael O'Dwyer wrote: ""Your action is correct. Lieutenant Governor approves.""

O'Dwyer asked for martial law to be imposed upon Amritsar and other areas; this was allowed by the Viceroy, Lord Chelmsford, after the massacre.

Dyer was initially applauded by some, but in July 1920 he was censured and forced to retire by the House of Commons.

British Indian Army

The British Indian Army, officially called simply the Indian Army (IA), was the army in British India during British rule (1858–1947). The Indian Army served as a security force in India itself and fought in battles overseas, particularly during the two World Wars.

The term "Indian Army" was used to describe the presidency armies, especially after the Indian Mutiny. However, the first army officially called the "Indian Army" was raised by the government of India in 1895. In 1903 the Indian Army absorbed the three presidency armies (the Bengal Army, the Madras Army and the Bombay Army).

Between 1903 and 1947 the Army of India consisted of two separate parts: the Indian Army and the British Army in India. The first consisted of Indian Army regiments from India, while the second were British Army regiments from the United Kingdom which were sent to India.

The Army of India defeated the Ottoman Empire and conquered Iraq in the Mesopotamian Campaign of World War I.

The Indian Army was formed after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 when the government of Britain took over rule from the British East India Company. Before that the company had their own army units, paid for by their profits and these joined with British Army units.

The army of the British East India Company recruited mostly Muslims in the Bengal Presidency (which consisted of Bengal, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh), and high caste Hindus mainly from the rural plains of Oudh. These troops rebelled against the British in 1857.

After the rebellion, the British started recruiting what the British called the "martial races," particularly Punjabi Muslims, Marathas, Rajputs, Sikhs, Gurkhas, Pashtuns, Garhwalis, Mohyals, and Dogras.

After World War II, the British formations and units that had been part of the British Army of India were divided between India and Pakistan.

Soon after the Partition of India, both the newly formed armies fought each other in the First Kashmir War from 1947 - '48 which begun the bitter rivalry that has continued into the 21st century.

Presidency armies

The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of British India. The presidency armies, like the presidencies themselves, belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny, when the British government took over all three presidencies. Eventually all three presidency armies were merged into the Indian Army.

The presidency armies were named after the presidencies, these were:


From the mid-eighteenth century, the East India Company began to keep armies at each of its three main stations, or ‘Presidencies’, in India at Calcutta (Bengal), Madras and Bombay. The Bengal Army, Madras Army, and Bombay Army were quite different, each with its own list of Regiments and European officers. All three armies had both European regiments in which both the officers and men were Europeans, and a larger number of ‘Native’ regiments in which the officers were Europeans and the ordinary soldiers were Indians.

Also from the mid-eighteenth century the British government began to send regiments of the regular British Army to India to reinforce the Company’s armies. These troops are often referred to as ‘H.M.’s Regiments’ or ‘Royal regiments’.

Following the Indian rebellion of 1857-58 and the end of the East India Company, its European regiments were joined in 1860 with the British Army, but its ‘Native’ regiments were not. The three separate Presidency Armies continued to exist, and their European officers continued to be listed as members of the Bengal, Madras or Bombay Army rather than the British Army. However, the Presidency Armies began to be described as the Indian Army. Also after the rebellion artillery was only to be used by the British Army and not by Indian troops.

In the 1890s, the separate Presidency Armies were joined together to form the Indian Army.


Bombay Presidency

The Bombay Presidency was a former province of British India. It began in the 17th century as trading posts of the British East India Company, but later grew to include much of western and central India, as well as parts of Pakistan and the Arabian Peninsula.

At its greatest extent, the Bombay Presidency was made up of the present-day state of Gujarat, the western two-thirds of Maharashtra state, including the regions of Konkan, Desh, and Kandesh, and northwestern Karnataka state of India; It also included Pakistan's Sindh province and the British territory of Aden in Yemen. It consisted partly of districts, which were directly under British rule, and partly of native or princely states, which were ruled by local rulers under the administration of a governor.

The first British settlement in the Bombay Presidency was in 1618, when the East India Company established a factory at Surat. The British were protected by a charter from the Mughal Emperor Jahangir. Bombay at the time was under the control of Portugal. In 1661 Bombay was given to the British government, as part of the dowry of Catherine of Braganza when she married Charles II of England. In 1668 Bombay was given to the East India Company for a yearly payment of £10. In 1687 Bombay became the capital of the Company's territories in India. However, in 1753 Calcutta was in charge of the Government of Bombay.

During the 18th century, the Maratha Empire grew quickly, conquering Konkan and much of eastern Gujarat from the Mughal Empire. In western Gujarat, including Kathiawar and Kutch, the weakening Mughal control allowed lots of local rulers to become independent. The first battle between the British and the Marathas was the First Anglo-Maratha War which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of Salbai. The treaty meant that the island of Salsette, next to Bombay island, was given to the British. The British took over Surat in 1800. British territory became bigger in the Second Anglo-Maratha War which ended in 1803.

In 1803 the Bombay Presidency included only Salsette, the islands of the harbour (since 1774), Surat and Bankot (since 1756); but 1803 and 1827 the presidency grew even more. The Gujarat districts were taken over by the Bombay government in 1805 and made larger in 1818. The small states of Kathiawar and Mahikantha were organised into princely states under British control between 1807 and 1820.

After the Revolt of 1857, the British East India Company rule ceased, and India came under the direct control of the British government. In 1932, Aden was separated from Bombay and made a separate province, and Sind became a separate province on April 1, 1936.

The Bombay Presidency had a large and diverse population. The census of 1901 gave a total of 25,468,209 people. By religion the population was 19,916,438 Hindu, 4,567,295 Muslim, 535,950 Jain, 78,552 Zoroastrian, and about 200,000 Christian.

In Sindh Islam had been the main religion since the Arab conquest in the 8th century. In Gujarat the main religion is Hinduism, although Muslim kingdoms have left their influence in many parts of the province. The Deccan is the home of the Marathi, who were 30% of the population. The Konkan had various Christian castes, because of the rule of the Portuguese.

The main languages of the Presidency were Sindhi in Sindh, Kutchi in Kutch, Gujarati and Hindustani in Gujarat, Marathi in Thana and the central division, Gujarati and Marathi in Khandesh, and Marathi and Kannada in the southern division. There were also Bhil (120,000) and Gipsy (30,000) dialects.

In 1947 Bombay Province became part of newly-independent India, and Sindh Province became part of Pakistan. In 1950 Bombay Province was reorganised into Bombay State, which included the princely states.

Maharaja

The word Mahārāja is Sanskrit for "great king" or "high king". Many languages have borrowed the word 'Maharaja', these languages include Punjabi, Bengali, Hindi and Gujarati. Its use is mainly for important rulers. A female ruler is known as Maharani (or Mahārāni) which means great queen. She can be the wife of a Maharaja or a ruler herself.

British India contained more than 600 princely states each with its own ruler. Some states called the ruler Thakur (if the ruler were Hindu) or Nawab (if he was Muslim); there were many other titles as well. Many Muslim rulers also had the title of Raja, one of the most famous being the "Raja of Rajouri" who was a Muslim raja. Originally only rulers of large empires such as the ancient Maurya Empire and Gupta Empire were Maharajas but in later centuries even rulers of small kingdoms used the title. In 1971, the government of Indira Gandhi abolished the titles and money for all Indian rulers. However some people still claim such titles.

Jallianwala Bagh

Jallianwala Bagh is a public garden in Amritsar city in Punjab province of India. It has a memorial to remember those people who were killed in the Massacre of 13 April, 1919. This date was also the Punjabi New Year 2,000 peaceful demonstrators had gathered in the garden.

The memorial is managed by "Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Trust", which was established as per "Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Act" passed by Government of India in year 1951.



The Observer

The Observer is a British newspaper published on Sundays. It is a sister paper to "The Guardian." First published in 1791, it is the world's oldest newspaper that is published on Sundays.

The first issue was published on 4 December 1791 by W.S. Bourne.

It became part of the Guardian Media Group in June 1993, after a rival bid by "The Independent" was rejected.

Almaty

Almaty (; formerly known as "Alma-Ata" (Алма-Ата), also "Verniy", (Верный)) is the largest city in Kazakhstan. It has a population of over 1,700,000 people (as of 2015). Eight percent of the population of the country live in Almaty. It was the capital of Kazakhstan from 1927 to 1998. Almaty is the major commercial center of Kazakhstan.

The city is close to China, and was once on the northern silk route between China and the Middle East. Its name derives from the Turkic languages.

The city is in an earthquake zone. There have been three quite serious earthquakes in the last 150 years.

On 4 February 1854 the Russian Empire decided to build a fort Verniy on the west bank of the Malaya Almatinka river. Later Russian settlers arrived. In 1922 the Soviet Union renamed the city to Alma-Ata. In 1927 Alma-Ata became the capital of the Kazakh SSR.

Almaty has a hot-summer humid continental climate (Dfa in the Koeppen climate classification).

Almaty TV tower is the highest TV tower above sea level (1130 m.). The tower is the highest building in the city (372 m.). This building able to withstand 10.0 magnitude.

The name "Almaty" comes from the Kazakh word for "apple" (алма). The name is often translated as a city "rich with apples". The older Soviet-era Russian name for the city, Alma-Ata, comes from a mistake (the name literally means "Grandfather of apples"). In the area around Almaty, there are many different species of the wild apples. The region is thought to be the ancestral home of the apple. A local species of apple, the wild "Malus sieversii", may be the ancestor of the modern domestic apple.

Banjo-Kazooie

Banjo-Kazooie is a video game made by Rare for the Nintendo 64 in 1998. The name of the game comes from the names of the two main characters, a bear called "Banjo" and an orange bird called "Kazooie", who lives in Banjo's backpack. The story follows Banjo and Kazooie as they set out on a quest to rescue Banjo's sister, who has been kidnapped by an evil witch named Gruntilda Winkybunion. It was released on the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade service in December 2008.

Halo Wars

Halo Wars is a real-time strategy video game for the Xbox 360. It was developed by Ensemble Studios. The game was released by Microsoft. It was released in Japan and Australia on February 26, 2009, in Europe on February 27, and in North America on March 3. It is based on the popular, award winning "Halo" series of video games, and is set in the year 2531, 21 years before the events of "". It's the first "Halo" game that is not a first person shooter.

Project Gotham Racing (series)

Project Gotham Racing often known as PGR is a series of driving video games published by Microsoft for the Xbox and Xbox 360 consoles. 

There are four games in the series 


Bydales School

Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea, England which has about 750 students. A new school building was opened on 2 November 2006. It is rated as 'outstanding' by Ofsted. It is a technology college. The school has a small wind turbine, solar panels and a hydrogen fuel cell.


In Love with a Girl (song)

"In Love with a Girl" is the #1 single by Gavin DeGraw on the album "Gavin DeGraw". "In Love with a Girl" was released February 2008.

Vinje

Vinje is a municipality in Norway. It is in the county of Telemark. The administration of this place is done from Åmot.


Vinje is the home of folk musician Myllarguten. His home there is now a small museum. A monument of Myllarguten is located near Kosi. Myllarguten was a 19th-century musician. He who played for kings and inspired Edvard Grieg.

Vinje was established in 1838 as a municipality. It is on the Hardangervidda and on the Setesdalsheiane Mountains plateaus.

Arabygdi lies in the western part of Rauland. It is on Lake Totak. The largest stone scree in Northern Europe, is Urdbøuri. The scree has huge boulders lying on the floor of the valley.

The municipality Vinje (originally the parish) is named after the old farm Vinje (Norse "Vinjar"), since the first church was built here. The name is the plural form of "vin" f 'meadow, pasture'.


1979–80 NHL season

The 1979–80 NHL season was the 63rd season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. This season saw the addition of four teams from the collapse of the World Hockey Association (WHA) the previous season as expansion teams. The Edmonton Oilers, Winnipeg Jets, New England Whalers (later renamed "Hartford Whalers" at the insistence of the Boston Bruins), and Quebec Nordiques joined the NHL bringing a new total of 21 teams. The other two WHA teams (Birmingham Bulls and Cincinnati Stingers) were paid to disband. 

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"


Viola d'amore

The viola d'amore is a string instrument which was popular in the 17th and 18th century. It is a kind of viola. The name is Italian and means “viola of love”. It can have 6 or 7 strings. It is held under the chin and bowed like a violin. Sometimes it is used today to play music from the 17th and 18th centuries. Occasionally some modern composers have also written music for it.

The viola d'amore is about the same size as a modern viola. However, the shape is more like the shape of a viol. Like viols, it has a flat back, a wide rib (the sides), sloping shoulders and a carved head at the top of the peg box. It does not have any frets (markings on the fingerboard) like a viol or a guitar. The sound-holes are often in the shape of a flaming sword.

The viola d'amore usually has six or seven playing strings which are played with the bow, just as with a violin. In addition, it has the same number of sympathetic strings. These are strings which vibrate when the other strings are played, making the sound richer and sweeter.

The viola d'amore was often tuned to whatever notes were best for the piece it was to going to play. This is a kind of scordatura (changing the way the strings are tuned). Towards the end of the 18th century the usual tuning became: "A, d, a, d', f#', a', d"" (see music example. Notice the example uses the "viola clef")

The viola d’amore became very popular during the 17th century. However, after a time it became less popular because the instruments of the viol family were not used much while the instruments of the violin family took over. The viola d’amore was too quiet and sweet to play with the modern violin family. However, in the 20th century some composers have written for the instrument again, e.g. Paul Hindemith.

The viola d'amore can regularly be heard today in groups who play Baroque music on period instruments. It can be heard, for example in Bach’s St John Passion.


Sœur Emmanuelle

Sœur Emmanuelle (born Madeleine Cinquin, November 16, 1908 – October 20, 2008) was a Belgian-born French nun.

She was born in Brussels, Belgium, the daughter of a family that made lingerie. At the age of six she saw her father drown. She learned at the Sorbonne, earning a degree in philosophy. In 1929 she made a religious promise and became a nun.

She worked in Notre-Dame de Sion high school in İstanbul in 1930s.

In 1971 she saw how poorly trash collectors in Cairo, Egypt were doing, and decided to live with them. She stayed until 1993, when she went back to France. After she went back, she became very famous in France and was liked by audiences and talk-show hosts.

Besides her work with the poor, she is also known for having had views that are not like how religion normally is, such as being for the use of birth control and being for the idea of priests to marry. She has been voted one of the most popular people in France, and has been compared to Mother Teresa. (Although she does not agree with this comparison). In 2003, French television broadcast "Soeur Emmanuelle: An exceptional woman".

She died on 20 October 2008.

"Les Amis de Soeur Emmanuelle" (The Friends of Sister Emmanuelle) is a charitable organization based in Brussels.


1978–79 NHL season

The 1978–79 NHL season was the 62nd season of the National Hockey League. The 17 teams of the league played an 80-game season.

The Montreal Canadiens beat the New York Rangers in the Stanley Cup finals four games to one for their fourth Cup in a row.

"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
<br>
"Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
"All dates in 1979"

Vancouver Canucks vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"Philadelphia wins best-of-three series 2 games to 1"

Los Angeles Kings vs. New York Rangers

"NY Rangers win best-of-three series 2 games to 0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Atlanta Flames

"Toronto wins best-of-three series 2 games to 0"

Pittsburgh Penguins vs. Buffalo Sabres

"Pittsburgh wins best-of-three series 2 games to 1"

Chicago Black Hawks vs. New York Islanders

"NY Islanders win best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Pittsburgh Penguins vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

New York Rangers vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"NY Rangers win best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

New York Rangers vs. New York Islanders

"NY Rangers win best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

New York Rangers vs. Montreal Canadiens

As of 2008, it is the last time two Pre-war clubs met in the Finals.

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"


1934–35 NHL season

The 1934–35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League. Nine teams each played 48 games. The Montreal Maroons were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the Toronto Maple Leafs in three games in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

David Paterson

David Alexander Paterson (born May 20, 1954) is an American politician and the 56th Governor of New York. He is the first black governor of New York and the first legally blind governor of any state. He became governor when Eliot Spitzer resigned. Due to Paterson becoming governor, two black governors are serving at the same time for the first time in more than 100 years; as Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts is also African American. He chose not to run for governor in February 26, 2010.


1972–73 NHL season

The 1972–73 NHL season was the 56th season of the National Hockey League. Sixteen teams each played 78 games. For the first time since the collapse of the Western Hockey League in 1926, the National Hockey League had serious competition. A new professional hockey league, the World Hockey Association, made its season debut with 12 new teams, many of which were based in the same cities as NHL teams. Unlike the Western Hockey League, though, the new World Hockey Association would not challenge for the Stanley Cup. In response to the new league, the NHL hastily added two new teams in an unplanned expansion, the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames, in an attempt to exclude the WHA from newly constructed arenas in those markets.
The first thing the WHA did was sign Bobby Hull, and the Chicago Black Hawks sued, claiming
a violation of the reserve clause in NHL contracts. Others soon followed Hull to the
WHA, including Bernie Parent, J.C. Tremblay, Ted Green, Gerry Cheevers and
Johnny McKenzie. In the expansion draft, the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames made their picks and eleven Islander players skipped off to the WHA. The California Golden Seals, chafing under the unorthodox ownership of the unpopular Charlie Finley, were
also a victim of the WHA, losing eight key players.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"


Justified (album)

Justified is the debut album by pop entertainer Justin Timberlake. The album has famous singles like "Rock Your Body", "Cry Me A River", and "Like I Love You". The album was released in November of 2002. The album also has various guest appearances featuring in Timberlake's songs.



Rock Your Body

Rock Your Body is the 3rd single off the debut album by pop singer Justin Timberlake called Justified. It was written by Timberlake and The Neptunes. He performed the single at the Super Bowl XXXVIII with Janet Jackson.

1947–48 NHL season

The 1947–48 NHL season was the 31st season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 60 games. The Toronto Maple Leafs were the Stanley Cup winners. They defeated the Detroit Red Wings four games to none. This season saw the introduction of a new trophy – Art Ross Trophy – that would be handed out to the player who scored the most points during the regular season.

"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
<br>
"Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"
"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
"GP = Games Played, TOI = Time On Ice (minutes), GA = Goals Against, SO = Shutouts, GAA = Goals Against Average"
"All dates in 1948"

Boston Bruins vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

New York Rangers vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"

Duffy

Amiee Ann Duffy (born 23 June 1984), usually known as just Duffy, is a Welsh singer, songwriter and actress from Bangor, Gwynedd. Her first album, "Rockferry", sold more than 6.5 million copies. "Rockferry", and a song from the album, "Mercy", both reached number one on the UK music charts. Her second album did not sell very well, with only 200,000 sold in the UK. In 2009 she made an advertisement for Diet Coke. The ad caused problems because she is shown riding a bicycle at night without a helmet or lights. Journalist Luke Lewis described the ad as "...blank, sterile and mildly unsettling."


Funeral for a Friend

Funeral for a Friend (often known as FFAF) is a Welsh post-hardcore band. They have released five studio albums. The band was formed in 2001.


Chicago Spire

The Chicago Spire was a skyscraper project that was being built in Chicago, Illinois, however, because of financial problems, the project was never finished. 

It would have stood high with 150 floors and been the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. When originally proposed as the Fordham Spire in July 2005, the design had 116 stories, included a hotel and condominiums, and was topped with a broadcast antenna mast.

However, interest in the Chicago Spire site has risen, drawing in at least a half-dozen offers for the property. The developer was considering a bid to take back control of the property, reigniting hope that the 2,000 ft. skyscraper may actually be built. In 2014, a Chicago court ruled in favor of not building the skyscraper thus abandoning plans of it being constructed. 

On 4 November 2016, ownership of the property the tower was being built on was given to Related Midwest. In 2018, it was revealed that Related Midwest will build two skyscrapers at the site of the Spire. The Gateway Tower, a proposed tall condo, is proposed to be built on the site of where the Spire would have been built.

Rickrolling

Rickrolling is an internet meme that involves playing a trick on someone by tricking them into listening to Rick Astley singing his 1987 song, "Never Gonna Give You Up". It was first seen on 4chan and is called a "bait and switch". A "bait and switch" happens when the prankster gives a website to someone saying that the website address (which is somehow hidden) is about something else. When the victim clicks the link, they see the music video and have been "rickrolled" or "rickroll'd".

As rickrolling has grown in popularity, two of the many videos online have been watched over 13 million times each.

On October 27, 2008, at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Astley himself performed a live rickroll. He came out during the singing of "Best Friends" by the cast of "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends" and sang "Never Gonna Give You Up". At the end of the song, one of the characters said "I love rickrolling!"

On February 23, 2010, the most viewed Rickroll video was deleted.

On July 29, 2021, the "Never Gonna Give You Up" YouTube video reached a billion views.

Astley recorded "Never Gonna Give You Up" in 1987 on his album "Whenever You Need Somebody". This song was his debut single and was a Number One hit for him on many international charts like the Billboard Hot 100, Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and UK Top 40 charts. It was also Astley's first music video which features him performing the song while dancing.

Rickrolling is said to have begun as a spin-off of an earlier prank called "duckrolling", which was when a link was supposed to lead to a picture or news story but would really link to an edited picture of a duck on wheels. The victim was then said to have been duckrolled. The first instance of rickrolling happened in May 2007 on the 4chan video game board, where a link to the video was said to be a copy of the first trailer for Grand Theft Auto IV. The joke was confined to 4chan for a short time.

By May 2008, Rickrolling had become an internet hit or phenomenon and very soon rickrolling was being covered on mainstream media. A poll in April 2008 by SurveyUSA guessed or estimated that at least 18 million American adults had been rickrolled. Many still consider Rickrolling to be one of the longest lasting meme and the prank is still commonly used.

On April Fools' Day 2008 and the weeks after, many instances of Rickrolling showed up on the internet, and news media. All of the featured videos on Youtube's main page hyperlinked to the Rickroll. The prank showed up on international YouTube portals before showing up on the main page.


Stable

A stable is a building for livestock animals such as horses or cows to live in.

A stable often has a loft where food such as hay can be kept to feed the animals in the winter. The stable may be divided into enclosures or stalls to keep the animals separate.

A stable is most likely to be built near a farmhouse.

According to the Christian Bible, the baby Jesus was born in a stable. He was wrapped up and put to sleep on the straw in the feed bin (the manger).

Dagne Groven Myhren

Dagne Groven Myhren (born 19 September 1940) is a Norwegian writer, folk musician and a professor of Scandinavian studies at the University of Oslo. She has written about Norwegian literature, science and folk music. She is outspoken in protecting Norwegian culture, places and music.

She has helped J.P.Ekgren with writing a book in English about the poetry style called Stev. The book is "Aslak Brekke og visune hans". 

Aslak Brekke

Aslak Brekke (October 6, 1901 – February 13, 1978) was a Norwegian vocalist of stev (a type of Scandinavian poetry which is sung). He was also a singer of folksongs. Brekke was born in Vinje, Telemark. He was the first folksinger to sing on a radio broadcast to all of Norway. 

In 1945, Brekke sang at an important concert in the ceremonial hall (the "Aula" ) at the University of Oslo. He also made a recording of the song "Ståle Storli", together with Eivind Groven ( harmonium ). 


Mutiny

Mutiny is a when a group of people get together to openly oppose, change, or remove the people or person in authority. It usually means a group of soldiers trying to remove their officers, or a group of sailors on a ship trying to remove the captain. The group of people that mutiny are called mutineers.

During the Age of Discovery, mutiny meant open rebellion against a ship’s captain. This happened during Magellan’s journey and one mutineer was killed. Another mutineer was executed and 2 others were put on land and left there. After a mutiny on Henry Hudson’s "Discovery", Hudson and several others were left in the ocean in a small boat.

Mutiny is still treated as a very bad crime. Mutineers are punished and may even get the death penalty.






Printmaking

Printmaking is making art by printing pictures, normally on paper. The advantage of printmaking is that lots of the same picture can be printed. This is called a print. Each print is not a copy, but an original, since it came from the same source (not like painting or drawing).You can also use different types of techniques to start the print.

Pictures for prints can be cut into plates of metal, usually copper or zinc for engraving or etching; stone, used for lithography; blocks of wood for woodcuts, linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing. Prints may also be published in books by the artist.


Old master print

An old master print is a work of art made by a printing process. Most of the old master prints were made by 1830 and no new ones came after. The main techniques used to make an old master print are woodcut, engraving and etching. Sometimes, old master prints are printed on paper, but rarely.

Many great European artists, such as Albrecht Dürer, Rembrandt, and Francisco Goya, were printmakers.


Web color

Web colors are colors used in designing webpages, and the ways for describing and listing those colors.

There are several ways to choose colors for parts of webpages. Colors may be listed as an RGB "triplet" (a set of three numbers, red, green, and blue) in hexadecimal format (a "hex triplet", rr, gg, bb). An RGB triplet can make 16,777,216 different colors. Standard colors can also be chosen by their common English names. Often a color tool or other graphics software is used to create color values.

The first versions of Mosaic and Netscape Navigator used the X11 color names as the base for their color lists. This was because they both started as X Window System applications.

Each web color has its own definition, sRGB. This relates to the chromaticities of a single phosphor set, a given transfer curve, adaptive whitepoint, and viewing conditions. These have been chosen to be similar to many real-world monitors and viewing conditions. Even without color management, the colors created are fairly close to the given values. However, user agents can be different in the fidelity with which they show the colors. Better user agents use color management to create better color fidelity. This is important for Web-to-print applications.

A hex triplet is a six-digit, three-byte number used in HTML, CSS, PHP, JS, SVG, and other computer programs, to represent colors. The bytes represent the red, green and blue parts of the color. One byte represents a number from 00 to FF or 0 to 255 in decimal notation. This represents the least (0) to the most (255) intensity of each color component. The hex triplet is formed by concatenating three bytes in hexadecimal notation, in the following order: 
For example, consider the color where the red/green/blue values are decimal numbers: red=36, green=104, blue=160 (a grayish-blue color). The decimal numbers 36, 104 and 160 are similar to the numbers 24, 68 and A0 respectively. The hex triplet is obtained by combining the 6 hexadecimal digits together, 2468A0 in this example.

Formulated in 1997, there were originally 16 colors. Orange was added later to make a total of 17. The original 16 were part of something called the "Windows VGA template", meaning that they are the colors that can be used for actions like highlighting.

The table below contains all 140 of the HTML colors. All modern browsers support them. 

These are called "X11 web colors" since the invention of the World Wide Web in 1991.

This chart shows selected HTML and X11 colors as well as selected unofficial consensus web colors developed by web designers since 2002. When entering code using the unofficial colors, the hex code of the color must be specified instead of writing the name of the color. 

Warner Music Group

Warner Music Group is a record label from New York City. It is one of the "big three" record labels; the others are Sony and Universal. It started as Warner Music Group in 2003, but several Time Warner companies had existed before then.

Warner Music owns a few record labels, including Atlantic Records, Elektra Records, Parlophone, Roadrunner Records, Warner Bros. Records, and Reprise Records 

In late 2008, Warner Music group had big legal troubles with video site YouTube. They had wanted more money for the music videos they had on the site, but YouTube said no, and Warner Music Group took off all their music videos. In September 2009, both Warner Music Group and YouTube decided on a new amount of money.

Aslak Brekke og visune hans

They were performed (or sung / recited) by Aslak Brekke, a master of the artists of "kveding" (the art of performing stev)


OpenOffice Base

OpenOffice Base is the database module released with OpenOffice version 2.0 and later. Currently it is based on the HSQLDB database engine written in Java.

The HSQLDB developers have suggested only 76% of the target has been met in the 1.8.0 release, which is the version that was integrated (merged) with OOo 2.0. They have been asking for contributions to complete all the feature targets, since the inner database engine is an independent project with no outside funding.

OpenOffice users, however, can choose to connect to an external full-featured SQL database such as MySQL, PostgreSQL and even Oracle through ODBC or JDBC drivers. OpenOffice Base can then act as a GUI frontend for SQL views, table design and query. In addition, OpenOffice has its own Form wizard to create dialog windows for form filling and updates.

Starting with version 2.3, Base will offer report generation based on Pentaho software.

Released under the terms of the Apache License, Base is free software.



Mozilla

Mozilla can mean:

It can also refer to the platform (“Gecko” and other things) on which these programs are built:


Mozilla Foundation also makes Bugzilla.

Mammary intercourse

Mammary intercourse (also titfuck or tittyfuck) is a sexual activity. People may do it during foreplay. It is also done as a safe sex alternative to anal or vaginal sexual intercourse (fucking). It is non-penetrative sex. It involves exciting the penis using the breasts of the partner. 

In most instances, this sexual activity involves the man placing his penis between his partner's breasts. He then thrusts while the breasts are squeezed around the penis for more excitement. Mammary intercourse is sometimes combined with oral sex (blowjob). Sometimes mammary intercourse continues to the point of ejaculation. The semen can land on the breasts, face, or in the mouth of the partner. 
Some gay males may enjoy their partners breasts. They may engage in male-male mammary intercourse if the breasts are large enough.

Several slang terms refer to mammary intercourse. These slang terms include "titfuck" or "titty fuck" in the United States. "Tit wank" or "French fuck" are slang terms used in the United Kingdom.



Shams-ud-din Iltutmish

Shams-ud-din Iltutmish (died 1236) was the third Muslim sultan of the Delhi Sultanate who reigned from 1211 till his death in 1236. He was the third ruler of the Mamluk dynasty (or Slave dynasty). He was married to the daughter of Qutb-ud-din Aibak. He became the ruler after fighting against Qutb-ud-din's son. He is said to be the greatest ruler of the slave kings. He was a member of the Ilebar tribe. The first thing he did after becoming a sultan was make his kingdom larger. He also shifted his capital from Lahore to Delhi. He had to defend his empire against Mongol invasions. He also had to deal with Rajputs and conquered Rajasthan and Gujarat. He started a fast process of Islamization in Punjab and Haryana. Iltutmish stopped the Mongol attack in 1221 A.D led by Chenghiz Khan. He completed the Qutb Minar which was started by Qutb-ud-din Aibak. He also built the Quwat-ul-Islam mosque in Delhi.He died in 1236 A.D. He did not think his sons would be good rulers. He was succeeded by his daughter, Razia Sultan (also called Radiyya or Raziyya), as the next ruler of Delhi.

Lightweight

Lightweight might mean:


1951–52 NHL season

The 1951–52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. The Detroit Red Wings won the Stanley Cup by sweeping the Montreal Canadiens four games to none.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

In the playoffs, Detroit finished 8–0, the first time a team had gone undefeated in the playoffs since the 1934–35 Montreal Maroons. The Wings scored 24 goals in the playoffs, compared to a combined 5 goals for their opponents.


Chris Osgood

Christopher John Osgood (born November 26, 1972 in Peace River, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender that played a career total of 18 seasons in the NHL most notably with the Detroit Red Wings. He spent the first part of his career with Detroit, and then played for the New York Islanders and the St. Louis Blues during his 14-year NHL career before returning to Detroit in 2005. He has won three Stanley Cup championships in his career, all with the Red Wings, two of them while he was the starting goaltender. He announced his retirement on July 19, 2011 but will remain with the Red Wings organization.


Darren Middleton

Darren Middleton (born 4 October 1971 in Sydney, Australia) is the guitarist in the band "Powderfinger". He is also the lead singer for "Drag".

Middleton began playing guitar in high school where he enjoyed music by bands like Twisted Sister and AC/DC. He began playing in clubs around his hometown of Brisbane with his first band, "Sonic Tapestry". He formed his second band, "Pirate", with friends from high school. He met "Powderfinger" at a "Pirate" show and they asked him to play with them. Middleton played on all of "Powderfinger's" recordings. While playing and recording with them, he was also writing and recording with "Drag". They have released an EP and studio album.

Lochee

Lochee is a district of Dundee. Dundee is a city in Eastern Scotland. Lochee used to be a separate town but was surrounded by Dundee.

2008 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season is when many of the tropical cyclones formed in the Atlantic Ocean in 2008. The season started on June 1 and ended on November 30. Tropical Storm Arthur formed two days early on May 30, 2008. During the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season there was a total of sixteen named storms: 16 tropical storms, 8 hurricanes and 5 major hurricanes.

Tropical Storm Arthur formed near the Belize coast late on May 30, forming out of the interaction between a tropical wave and what was left of Tropical Storm Alma, which was a tropical storm in the East Pacific. Arthur made landfall in Belize on May 31. The system moved over Yucatán Peninsula slowly and dissipated on land early on June 2. When Arthur made landfall on Belize, it caused about $78 million USD worth of damage and killed 5 people.

Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981. Other systems have formed (such as Subtropical Storm Andrea in the previous year), but were subtropical. Some forecasters question whether Arthur's very short lifespan would have been reported and named in the years prior to today's technology. The formation of Arthur also marks the first time that a "named" storm formed in May for two consecutive years. It was also the third time in over 150 years of record.

Early on July 1, a strong and big tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa. By early the next day, a surface low developed and the wave became more organized. The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to keep convection over its center for at least 12 hours. The depression organized further and developed two distinct bands of convection. Six hours after becoming a depression, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha, the second named storm of the season. The National Hurricane Center said that this tropical cyclone was predicted by up to a week in advance by many global computer models.

After some strengthening on July 6, Bertha was upgraded to a hurricane early on July 7 as satellite and microwave imagery indicated an eye feature had formed. It continued to strengthen that morning. Fast strengthening continued that afternoon and Bertha strengthened into a major hurricane with 125 mph (195 km/h) winds and a well-defined eye. The strengthening trend stopped early on July 8, due to wind shear, and Bertha quickly weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane that afternoon.

Bertha again began to quickly strengthen on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical. The NHC upgraded Bertha to a category two hurricane with winds of 105 mph (170 km/h) and stated that Bertha could strengthen further to a major hurricane again, but instead weakened into an 85 mph (135 km/h) category 1 hurricane. Bertha has become the longest-lived pre-August Atlantic tropical cyclone on record. On July 12, Bertha slowed in movement, and was close to becoming still and by July 13 this slow movement weakened the storm to tropical storm strength. On July 18, Bertha strengthened back to a hurricane as its forward motion increased. As it moved over cooler waters, it weakened a bit to a tropical storm late on July 19. It finally became extratropical on July 20 southwest of Iceland.

A disturbance off the Georgia coast slowly organized itself, and became Tropical Depression Three late on July 18. It strengthened into Tropical Storm Cristobal the next day. It continued to be near and parallel to the Carolina coast, though never making landfall. It became extratropical on July 23.

Dolly formed on July 20 from a tropical wave, which was located north of Honduras. Since it became a tropical storm right away it never became a depression while forming. Early on July 21 Dolly made landfall in the Yucatán Peninsula. The day after that it became a hurricane. Dolly moved northwest and for a little while it was a category 2 hurricane. Dolly weakened a little, back to a category 1 later that day. Very shortly after weakening Dolly made landfall in South Padre Island, Texas. Dolly died over in a very northwestern area of Texas on July 27.

Dolly killed a few people in Mexico and the United States, but in Guatemala Dolly killed at least 17 people. Damage was a little bit more than $1 billion.

A shear line stalled in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft dug into the northeast Gulf of Mexico. This energy aloft helped to organize a surface low along the shearline early on August 2, which slowly organized over the following day. It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining strength and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3. The storm made landfall in Southeast Texas near Port Arthur on the morning of August 5 as a strong tropical storm. As it moved inland, the system weakened into a tropical depression by afternoon. The depression weakened into a remnant low on August 7 while on land over Texas.

A strong tropical wave moved into the northeastern Caribbean in mid-August. It caused heavy rain across the Leeward Islands and into Puerto Rico before tracking westward, while unable to develop a low-level circulation although it was producing tropical storm-force winds. On August 15, a closed circulation was found and the system was named Tropical Storm Fay. Later that day Fay caused heavy rains on the island of Hispaniola causing a major flash flood threat. Fay crossed Hispaniola, Cuba, and hit south Florida beginning late on August 18, slowly tracking northeastward across the peninsula. High amounts of flooding happened in much of eastern Florida, along with some wind damage. After crossing into the Atlantic, Fay turned westward again and crossed northern Florida on August 22. As it zigzagged from water to land, it became the first storm in Florida recorded history to make landfall four times. Fay weakened into a tropical depression along the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico. Fay eventually weakened into a remnant low around noon on August 26 while located over Alabama.

A disturbance formed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August. It tracked westward into the Caribbean Sea where it encountered better conditions for cyclone development, and became a tropical depression on the morning of August 25, west of the Windward Islands. It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26. It then weakened into a tropical storm on the evening of August 27. It re-organized further south into a strong tropical storm once again on August 28 before speeding up and hitting Jamaica. Gustav has killed 78 people in Haiti, the Dominican Republic, and Jamaica, while 7 are still missing in Haiti. On August 29, it strengthened back into a hurricane. On the morning of August 30, it was upgraded to a Category 3 major hurricane. After strengthening slowed for a few hours, another round of quick strengthening happened and Gustav was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane during a hurricane hunter flight around 1pm (EDT), with 145 mph winds. Continuing to intensify, it became a 150 mph storm that afternoon near 5 P.M. EDT. Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba, firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del Río Province, causing severe damage, although it is difficult to predict how much damage it caused. It then emerged into the Gulf of Mexico weakening into a minimal 115 mph. It was expected to hit Louisiana so the mayor of New Orleans evacuated the city. At 8 a.m. CDT on the 2nd September it was reported to have weakened to category 2.

Hurricane Gustav made landfall in Louisiana on September 1, and quickly weakened over land. After weakening to a tropical depression September 4, Gustav was sucked into a cold front. Gustav was responsible for 138 deaths and up to $18 billion in damage.
Tropical Depression Eight formed on August 28 from a low pressure area east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands. It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna. On September 1, while Hanna was moving very near to the island of Mayaguana in the Bahamas, it was upgraded to Category 1 hurricane status. Hanna wandered around the southeastern Bahamas, weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated Haiti. Hanna moved rapidly northeastwards along the east coast of the United States as a tropical storm. Hanna changed into an extratropical cyclone as it moved offshore from Massachusetts early on September 7. At least 537 deaths have been blamed on Hanna, most in Haiti.

A tropical disturbance formed off the coast of Africa near the end of August. It moved south of Cape Verde and slowly strengthened. On September 1, It became Tropical Depression Nine while west of the Cape Verde islands and strengthened into a tropical storm later that day, when it was given the name "Ike". Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it did explosive intensification, as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an guessed pressure drop of 43 mbars, from 991 to 948 mbar; and a 24-hour pressure drop of 61 mbar, from 996 to 935 mbars. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to a Category 4. It ripped across Great Inagua Island and Grand Turk Island, where 80% of the buildings on Grand Turk were seriously damaged or completely destroyed. It weakened to a strong Category 3 late in the afternoon of September 7 as it headed for landfall on the northeastern coastline of Cuba that evening. In addition, the storm killed at least 74 people in Haiti and 1 person in the Dominican Republic.

As Ike crossed Cuba on September 8, It weakened to a Category 1 hurricane and emerged into the Caribbean Sea, where it moved along or just off of the southern coast of Cuba. Ike killed 7 people as it effected nearly the whole county of Cuba. It made landfall on Galveston Island on September 13 as a strong category 2 hurricane, Its big size brought storm surge of over 12 feet from Galveston Island eastward into southern Louisiana. The Bolivar Peninsula was worst affected by the surge, while Galveston Island (where waves topped the seawall) and the Port Arthur areas also saw a lot of damage. Power was knocked out to most of the Houston area and windows were blown out of skyscrapers in downtown Houston. As Ike moved inland, it brought moderate flooding and wind damage during the Midwest and as far north as Pennsylvania. It became extratropical on September 14. At least 82 deaths have been blamed on Ike in the U.S., with 44 of them caused directly.

Damage from Ike is guessed at $31.5 billion (2008 USD), the third most damaging hurricane in U.S. history, behind Katrina in 2005 and Andrew in 1992. At least 166 deaths have been blamed on Ike, of which 82 were in the United States. It was the most damaging hurricane in Texas history. Ike was an extremely big and strong storm. At one point, the diameter of Ike's tropical storm and hurricane-force winds were 550 and 240 miles (885 and 390 km) making Ike one of the biggest Atlantic hurricane recorded. Ike also had the second highest IKE (Integrated Kinetic Energy) of any Atlantic storm in the past 40 years. Integrated Kinetic Energy is a measure of storm surge damaging potential, similar to the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, though the IKE is more complex and in many ways more accurate. On a scale that ranges from 1 to 6, with 6 being highest destructive potential, Ike earned a 5.2.

A tropical disturbance formed off the coast of Africa near the end of August. It tracked south of Cape Verde and slowly developed. On September 2, it became Tropical Depression Ten while south-southeast of the southernmost Cape Verde islands. The depression was upgraded to a tropical storm later the same day as it passed to the south of the Cape Verde islands. A few days later it weakened back to a tropical depression. On September 6 it dissipated in the open waters of the Atlantic.

A strong tropical disturbance tracked across the northeastern Caribbean Sea in the third week of September. It meandered around Puerto Rico and Hispaniola, dumping lots of rain across those islands causing a significant amount of damage, despite never developing a closed circulation. By September 24, it began to track northward away from the islands and into the open Atlantic water, and became a tropical storm on September 25. Kyle was upgraded to a hurricane during the afternoon of September 27. It continued northward and maintained hurricane strength until landfall near Yarmouth, Nova Scotia in Canada late on September 28. A few hours later, Kyle became extratropical as the cold waters of the Bay of Fundy took effect. In general, Maritimers were spared of the expected damage.
In the last week of September, a very large non-tropical system over the north-central Atlantic slowly moved westward away from the Azores. As it entered warmer waters, it slowly gained tropical characteristics and was declared Subtropical Storm Laura early on September 29. It became fully tropical the next day and was reclassified as Tropical Storm Laura. On October 1 it became "post-tropical" (in the forecaster's words) as it moved over cooler waters.
Tropical Depression Thirteen formed from a very small but well-organized low in the Bay of Campeche on October 6. It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph (100 km/h) winds that afternoon. Marco made landfall near Veracruz, Mexico the next morning at the same intensity. Marco dissipated that night as the small circulation moved inland. At one point, tropical storm-force winds were estimated to extend only 10 miles from the center, which makes it the smallest tropical cyclone on record, beating Cyclone Tracy.
Tropical Storm Nana formed on October 12 from a disturbance which had been drifting toward the northwest over the previous couple days in the middle of the tropical Atlantic Ocean roughly halfway between the west coast of Africa and the Lesser Antilles. The storm weakened into a remnant low on October 14. This is the first use of the name "Nana" since 1990.
A tropical disturbance in the eastern Caribbean Sea was in an area not expecting any development in the second week of October. While drifting across the region, upper-level winds calmed down enough for the tropical disturbance to strengthen and to develop into Tropical Depression Fifteen on October 13. It strengthened to Tropical Storm Omar the next day. Omar quickly strengthened into a 70 mph (110 km/h) storm that afternoon, and became a hurricane that night. It remained a hurricane through that night and it changed little in intensity through the next day, but that evening Omar intensified quickly and became a 115 mph Category 3 storm, and became a 125 mph (205 km/h) storm the next morning. Omar became a weak Category 4 early that morning. However, wind shear and dry air quickly weakened Omar to a minimal hurricane that afternoon as it raced towards the northeast at 26 mph (41 km/h). After dropping to tropical storm strength it became a hurricane again on October 17. It degenerated to a remnant low on October 18.
Tropical Depression Sixteen slowly formed off the coast of Nicaragua. It was not till October 14 that it was then called Tropical Depression Sixteen. After hugging the northern coast of Honduras (which did not let it strengthen), Tropical Depression Sixteen made landfall near midday on October 15. It dissipated inland that evening, never becoming a tropical storm. This storm caused up to $150 million in damage (2008 USD), and may have caused at least 75 deaths.
An area of low pressure stopped moving in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for the first few days at the beginning of November. On November 5, the low pressure system became Tropical Depression Seventeen while just east of Nicaragua. The next day it became Tropical Storm Paloma. It was the first tropical storm to receive this female name. Paloma then made landfall in Cuba and moved slowly and quickly dissipated on November 9. The remains of Paloma were tracked till they came ashore of the Florida Panhandle. Paloma caused up to $315 million (2008 USD) in damage in the area Paloma affected.
The table on the right shows the ACE for each storm in the season. ACE is a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. ACE is only officially released for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h) or tropical storm strength. Subtropical storms are not included in season totals.

This is the list of names used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2008. The list is the same as the 2002 list except for Ike and Laura, because Isidore and Lili were bad storms in 2002, and their names were retired.

On April 22, 2009, World Meteorological Organization retired the names "Gustav", "Ike", and "Paloma" from its rotating name lists. The names were replaced with "Gonzalo", "Isaias", and "Paulette".


Eruca sativa

Eruca sativa (syn. "E. vesicaria" subsp. "sativa" (Miller) Thell., "Brassica eruca" L.), also known as arugula or rocket, is a plant that can be eaten. It is a leaf vegetable with dark green, spiky, dandelion-like leaves and a strong, spicy, peppery flavor.


Edward Emerson Barnard

Edward Emerson Barnard (December 16, 1857 – February 6, 1923) was an American astronomer. He found Amalthea, a moon of the planet Jupiter. Barnard's star and Barnard's galaxy were named after him.

Barnard made a list of dark nebulae, the "Barnard Catalogue of Dark Markings in the Sky", or the Barnard Catalogue for short. The nebulae listed by Barnard have become known as 'Barnard objects'.

Solar wind

The solar wind is a stream of charged particles from the Sun. It is made of charged protons, electrons and plasma shot out of the Sun, and creates the heliosphere. The wind is shot out at hypersonic speed, so fast that it can travel the whole length of the Solar System, nearly one light year. 

The particles are dangerous to astronauts and spacecraft. The Earth's magnetic field absorbs or soaks up a lot of the solar wind causing the aurora, the Northern lights and Southern lights.

At a distance of more than a few solar radii from the Sun, the solar wind reaches speeds of 250 to 750 kilometers per second and is supersonic.

A disturbance in the solar wind is called a "solar storm". Sometimes it causes a geomagnetic storm. Such a storm in 1989 brought down the Quebec electric power grid and put the entire province in darkness. The largest recorded geomagnetic storm was in September 1–2, 1859. If we were to have another as strong as that one it might cause up to 2 trillion dollars damage. 

Solar wind also causes the tail of a comet. When the comet is close enough to the sun that the heat evaporates some of the comet's ice, the motion of the solar wind causes the resulting water vapor and space dust to stream away from the comet. Because it is blown by the solar wind, the comet's tail does not trail behind it, but always points directly away from the sun. 

The Solar Wind Composition Experiment of the Apollo program studied the atoms in the solar wind. 

Fireproof (movie)

Fireproof is a 2008 American drama movie from Sherwood Pictures. Stephen Kendrick co-wrote the movie with his brother, while serving as a producer. The supporting cast is made up of volunteers from Sherwood Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia, where the Kendrick brothers are associate pastors. The movie has Kirk Cameron as Caleb Holt in his first theater-released movie since 2001's "".

On May 21, 2008, Sherwood Pictures said that the movie would open in theaters on September 26, 2008. It was given an MPAA rating of PG for "thematic material and some peril".

"Fireproof" is the story of a firefighter, Captain Caleb Holt, who lives by the old firefighter's adage: "Never leave your partner behind". But, after seven years of marriage to his wife Catherine, their own relationship is failing. Neither one understands the pressures the other faces. Caleb claims that Catherine is too sensitive and "doesn't show me respect." Whereas she tells her hospital co-workers that he is "so insensitive" and that "he doesn't listen to me" and "doesn't understand my needs." As they prepare to file for divorce, Caleb's father challenges his son to commit to a 40-day test called "The Love Dare." Caleb starts it, but more for his father's sake than for his marriage.

When Caleb learns the book's daily challenges are tied into his parents' newfound faith, his already limited interest is made smaller still. Even though he wants to stay true to the promise to his father, Caleb becomes frustrated time and time again. He finally asks his father, "How am I supposed to show love to somebody who constantly rejects me?" When his father tells him that this is the love God shows to people, Caleb makes a life-changing commitment to love God. And, with God's help, he begins to understand what it means to truly love his wife. But, he is unsure if it's too late to "fireproof" his marriage.


"Fireproof" was filmed for 30 days over a two-month period between late October 2007 and December 14, 2007. The production was based on a budget of $500,000, which was more than $100,000 which Sherwood Pictures' had used to make "Facing the Giants". "Fireproof" was shot in sixteen locations, all of which were donated. Craig von Buseck of the Christian Broadcasting Network said that the movie was "beautifully shot in and around Albany, Georgia, home to Sherwood Church." The Albany Fire Department donated their fire station locations, trucks and even some of their crew for use during the filming. Stephen Kendrick said, "We’ve never claimed that our movies are Academy Award winning. [...] But we are trying to pursue excellence."

"Fireproof" is partnered with "Fireproof My Marriage", an organization created to strengthen and heal marriages. "The Love Dare", a book written by Alex and
Stephen Kendrick, is a major topic in the movie, being one of the main points of the plot. Alex Kendrick said in an interview that this movie would be "a drama/romance about marriage. Our goal is to reinforce God's intention for marriage."

With 50% of all marriages in the United States ending in divorce, "Fireproof" has been endorsed by many marriage-oriented organizations, some of them are FamilyLife, "The Marriage CoMission", "The Association of Marriage and Family Ministries", "Marriage Alive Communications" and "MarriageToday". The movie has been uniting many other marriage advocates from all over the United States.

"Fireproof" has been given very good reviews from Christian groups since it was first seen. Mitch Temple of Focus on the Family said that, "This brilliantly produced film radiates messages of authentic determination, faith and hope, even for those of us who have felt like giving up on our marriages." Michael Foust of the Baptist Press said that, "I walked into the theater without any expectations, but walked out after the closing credits believing I had just seen perhaps the most convicting and inspiring film I had ever viewed. Fireproof isn't just a great Christian movie. It's a great movie. Period."

While watching the movie for the second time, Steven Isaac of Plugged In said, "I was with my bride of 14 years. [...] All I wanted to do was hold her hand."

This movie has also been given mixed reviews from movie critics. Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the movie a "C," and said that, "the conversion subplot feels shoehorned into the more crucial marital doings, as if coming to Jesus might be just one of a long checklist of steps to restore sizzle to your marriage, right between buying roses and preparing a candlelit dinner."

Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" said, "While hardly sophisticated in its approach and certainly not polished in its technical elements, the movie does get its heartfelt message across with undeniable sincerity. Its success at the boxoffice, which will no doubt continue on home video, demonstrates that there's no shortage of filmgoers dissatisfied with cynical Hollywood product." Joe Leydon of "Variety" gave the movie a positive review saying "Cameron is genuinely compelling as Caleb, a work-obsessed firefighter on the verge of divorce from his neglected wife."

Before it was released, "Fireproof" made up 40% of all Fandango sales by Friday morning. In the week before opening, "Fireproof" had pre-sold more than $1 million in tickets. "Fireproof" was released on September 26, 2008 in 839 theaters. In its first weekend, "Fireproof" grossed over $6.8 million, putting it in fourth place at the box office. Through October 15, 2008, "Fireproof" had stayed in the top 10 movies in America. In its theater run, "Fireproof" earned about $33,415,129, more than tripling the lifetime earnings of the movie made before it, "Facing the Giants", and making it the 5th biggest Christian movie ever.



Mulan II

Mulan II is a Disney 2004 movie and the sequel to the 1998 animated movie "Mulan". It was directed by Darrell Rooney and Lynne Southerland, and features Mulan, and her new fiancé, Shang, on a special mission: getting the Emperor's three daughters across the country to meet their soon-to-be fiancés. The movie deals with arranged marriages, loyalty, relationships, making choices, trust, and finding true love. The entire cast from the first movie returned, except for Eddie Murphy (Mushu), Miriam Margolyes (The Matchmaker), Chris Sanders (Little Brother) and Matthew Wilder (Ling's singing voice). Murphy and Margolyes were replaced by Mark Moseley and April Winchell, and Gedde Watanabe does his own singing for the sequel.

Fa Mulan gets the surprise of her young life when her love, Captain (now General) Li Shang asks for her hand in marriage. Before the two can have their happily ever after, the Emperor assigns them a secret mission, to escort three princesses to Chang'an, China. Mushu is determined to drive a wedge between the couple after he learns that he will lose his guardian job if Mulan marries into the Li family. After the princesses unexpectedly fall in love with the Gang of Three, Mulan decides to help them escape the fate of marrying men they do not love. This contradicts the Emperor's orders and forces him to put Mulan's relationship with Shang into question. They are attacked by Mongolians, and the fate of China hangs in the balance.


Additional voices were provided by Jeff Bennett, John Goodman, Sherry Lynn, Tress MacNeille, Rove McManus, Liliana Mumy, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Kevin Michael Richardson and Steve Susskind.

The soundtrank contains songs from the movie performed by various artists, as well as portions of the movie's score composed by Joel McNeely. It was released on January 26, 2017 by Walt Disney Records.



Sherwood Pictures

Sherwood Pictures is a movie-making company based in Albany, Georgia. The company is a ministry of Sherwood Baptist Church. It is run by Alex Kendrick, the pastor of Sherwood Baptist Church.



Klik

klik is a system for software download and use on Linux.


Zero Install

Zero Install is a way to distribute and package software for Linux and Unix-like operating systems.
Currently, the only operating system to include Zero Install is Super Ubuntu 

Instead of the normal method of downloading a software package, extracting it, and installing it before it can be used, packages distributed using Zero Install need only to be opened and usually comes in Application Directory format (presented to the user as a single file).

Some advantages of Zero Install are:


Sentosa

Sentosa is a resort island at the south of Singapore. The island is well known for its beach, Fort Siloso and two five-star hotels. The island was used as a place to build a fort during World War II, by the British who ruled Singapore back then. Sentosa is also well known for its theme parks.

British Uganda Programme

The British Uganda Programme was a plan to give a piece of East Africa, owned by the British, to Jewish people to live in. The plan was made to help the Jews in Russia to find somewhere to live after the pogroms.

The offer was first made by British Colonial Secretary Joseph Chamberlain to Theodor Herzl's Zionist group in 1903. He said he would give them 5,000km of the Mau Plateau, Kenya.

The idea was brought up during Zionist Congress at its sixth meeting in 1903 in Basel. Many people disagreed with it. In the end the motion passed by 295 to 177 votes.

The plateau's high elevation gave it a low temperature, which was good for the European people. However, it was filled with lions and other dangerous animals. This problem made the Zionists politely refuse the offer for the land.


Frank Gardiner

Frank Gardiner (born francis Christie) (1830 – 1903) was a famous Australian bushranger. Gardiner used several different names during his life. He was leader of a gang that did one of Australia's biggest ever robberies. He is the only person ever exiled (sent away) from Australia. He was born in Scotland, and came to Australia with his family in 1834. They lived at Boro, near Goulburn, New South Wales.

Frank Gardiner was also called 'The Darkie'. He became a bushranger with John Peisley and robbed people on the roads near Cowra. In July 1861 he shot and wounded two policemen, Sergeant John Middleton and Trooper Hosie who had tried to capture him. He was captured but managed to escape. Trooper Hosie is thought to have taken a bribe and let him go. Gardiner and Peisley went to hide in the Weddin Mountains and joined up with other bushrangers John Gilbert and Ben Hall. The gang was able to move too quickly for the police to catch up because they had help from local people. On 15 June 1862 near Eugowra the gang robbed the gold coach and got away with £14,000. This is about $4 million in 2003 money value. This was Australia's biggest gold robbery. Other men in the gang were Daniel Charters, John Fordyce, John Bow and Henry Manns. The police were quickly at the scene of the robbery and began following the gang. The police found the horse used to carry the gold and recovered most of it. A couple of days later the police were able to capture Gardiner and two other gang members. The next day, six bushrangers led by John Gilbert, held up the police and released Gardiner. The police watched all Gardiner's friends very closely. Many were arrested. Gardiner and Kate Brown decided it was not safe to stay.

He moved to Queensland with his mistress, Mrs. Kate Brown. Kate was the sister of Ben Hall's wife. Together they opened a small shop and hotel at Apis Creek near Rockhampton. After Kate wrote a letter to her family the police found out where they were living. The police were able to find Gardiner and arrested him in February 1864. In court the jury decided he had not tried to kill police Sergeant Middleton, but that he was a robber. The judge, (Sir) Alfred Stephen, sent him to gaol for 32 years. There is a folk song called "Frank Gardiner". The first line is ""Oh, Frank Gardiner he is caught at last he lies in Sydney jail."" Kate Brown went to the Thames goldfields in New Zealand where she killed herself in 1868.

In 1872 Gardiner's lawyer organized a lot of people to write to the governor to get him to let Gardiner out of gaol. The governor, Sir Hercules Robinson, agreed that Gardiner had been given too many years in prison. Gardiner was released in 1874 on the condition that he left Australia. This decision caused a lot of arguments, even in the New South Wales parliament. It led to the end of the Parkes's government.

On 27 July Gardiner left Australia and by February 1875 he was in San Francisco. He ran a hotel called the Twilight Saloon. The Australian newspapers often had stories about him. He married a rich widow and had twin sons, some even writing he had died in a gunfight in Colorado in 1903. Most of these stories could not be proved. A lot of the gold stolen in the Eugowra robbery was retreived back by the police, Gardiner's share was never found. There are stories of unknown Americans digging on the site of Frank Gardiner's old house in 1910. Were these Frank's sons searching for the missing gold?


Razia Sultana

Razia al-Din (or: Razia Sultana, Radia, Radhia) (1205-1240) was a ruler of the Mamluk dynasty (Delhi) of the Delhi Sultanate. She was the first and last Muslim lady to rule Delhi. A Persian historian called her brave, kind and just. She was the daughter of Iltumish. She ascended the throne in 1236 A.D. But the nobles who did not like to be ruled by Razia soon killed her in a war. Her husband name was Malik Altuniya.

Caravaca de la Cruz

Caravaca de la Cruz is a city of the autonomous community of Murcia, in Spain. It has over 25,000 people.

Dhallywood

The Bangladeshi movie industry, popularly known as Dhallywood (a portmanteau of the words Dhaka and Hollywood), has been based in Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka, since 1956. As of 2004, it produced approximately 100 movies a year, with an average movie budget of about 6,500,000 Bangladeshi taka.

The Fray

The Fray is a rock band formed in 2002. The band's debut album How to Save a Life (album) was released September 2005. The Fray released 1 studio album, 2 live albums, and 2 EP's. The Fray created singles How to Save a Life, Over My Head (Cable Car), Look After You, Vienna, and All at Once.


1955–56 NHL season

The 1955–56 NHL season was the 39th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Detroit Red Wings four games to one in the best-of-seven final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"


Illustrator

An illustrator is an artist who draws. The drawings can be on books, internet webpages or other things. They can describe ideas or objects that are hard to describe with just words. A cartoon illustration can make a humorous essay funnier. Illustrators also helped greatly in times when many people could not read.

Scarborough, North Yorkshire

Scarborough is a town on the North Sea coast of North Yorkshire, England. 

According to an Icelandic Saga, it was founded by the Vikings around 966. There are remains of Roman, Stone Age and Bronze Age settlements, so it was obviously a natural place to put a settlement.

With a population of around 50,000, Scarborough is the largest holiday resort on the Yorkshire coast. Yorkshire County Cricket Club's second ground is at North Marine Road.

Local news and information is provided by the towns radio station Yorkshire Coast Radio.

The town is served by Scarborough railway station. 

Scarborough has four major roads serving the town; these also link it to other major towns and cities.

These roads can be got to from the M1 motorway, which runs from London to Scotland through the middle of Yorkshire. 

The town has fine arts and recreational facilities. Two theatres and two cinemas are popular. There are several museums: Woodend for art, The Rotunda for geology, Scarborough Art Gallery for the fine arts.

The Grade II listed Scarborough Spa complex is home to the Scarborough Spa Orchestra, the last remaining seaside orchestra in the UK.

Scarborough's fishing industry is still active, though reduced in size. The working harbour is home to a fish market with a shop and wooden stalls. Fresh, locally-caught seafood can be bought by the public. A seaweed farm has been in operation since 2018.

Scarborough

Scarborough is the name of several things. They include:




Fish farm

A fish farm is a place where fish are bred. In most cases, this is done for food. There are two basic types of fish farms:

The most common fish species raised by fish farms are salmon, carp, tilapia, catfish and cod.

There are many problems related to fish farming:

Mansion

A mansion is a large and often luxurious house. It can be big enough for an owner, his family, and their many servants. One of the definitions is a large, imposing house. It was originally the same as a rural manor house, the home of a feudal lord. When similarly large houses were built in cities they were called "mansions". A "country house" is a common type of mansion in England.

Some famous mansions include:









The Miserable Mill

The Miserable Mill is a book by Lemony Snicket. It is the fourth book in a series called "A Series of Unfortunate Events".

Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire go by train to Paltryville to meet their new guardian at the Lucky Smells Lumbermill. When they arrive there, they find that it's a very boring place and that rather than being cared for by their new guardian, Sir, they must work in his sawmill with his mistraught and underpayed employees. After breaking his glasses, Klaus is sent to the optometrist (eye doctor) Dr. Orwell. He becomes hypnotized by Dr. Orwell, and causes an “accident.” Sir therefore threatens that if they cause any more accidents they will be sent to live with Shirley, who is really Count Olaf in disguise. Olaf’s plans fail, because Violet learns the word that undoes Klaus’s hypnosis. In the end, the Baudelaire orphans must go to the boarding school Prufrock Prep.

Mass Effect

Mass Effect is an award-winning 2007 science fiction video game published by Microsoft and developed by BioWare. It was released for the Xbox 360 and later on the PC. The game takes place in the year 2183. Players control an elite human soldier called Commander Shepard and are able to explore the galaxy on his or her spacecraft, the "SSV Normandy".

"Mass Effect" has a very detailed fictional universe, with many of the concepts based on real science. There are over 20 alien races the player can meet in "Mass Effect", with more planned for the sequels.

The game has a science fiction setting and explores themes such as space, racism, religion and the state of humanity. The main plot of the game involves the classic science fiction idea of robots or AI that have got out of control. According to the lead writer of Bioware, Star Wars, Aliens and Blade Runner were all influences on the games setting and plot.

"Mass Effect" is set 180 years in the future in the year 2183. According to the back story humans discovered some ancient technology on Mars. This enabled them to build faster than light spacecraft. With this technology humans explored the whole Solar System. Twenty years before the game begins human explorers find that Pluto's moon Charon, is really a Mass Relay. Mass Relays are the only way to travel from one distant end of the galaxy to the other. Mass Relays are ancient technology created by the Protheans, the now exctict race that once ruled the galaxy. This enables spacecraft and people to be sent across the galaxy.

Free and open-source software

Free and open source software (for short: FOSS, means free software and/or open source software) is software whose source code is open and available to anyone who wishes to:

These additional rights are generally granted to the user through the GPL, LGPL, or BSD license.


Free software movement

The free software movement is a software movement which aims to improve the user's rights on software and reducing proprietary (non-free) software through the use of operating systems such as Ubuntu. The movement is generally signified through open source software such as Mozilla Firefox, Mozilla Thunderbird, FileZilla and open source operating systems such as Linux and ReactOS. The movement is against non-free software that restricts the user's rights. Examples of non-free software include Microsoft Windows, Adobe Acrobat and UltraEdit.

The word 'free' is ambiguous in English. Here, it means 'free as in freedom', not 'free as a gift'. "It does not mean that the software is available at no cost". An example is, "think of free speech, not free beer."


How to Save a Life

How to Save a Life is a studio album by The Fray. The album was released in September of 2005. Singles include "How to Save a Life", "Over My Head (Cable Car)", "All at Once", and "Look After You". It was recorded in Bloomington, Indiana, a small city around 50 miles outside of Indianapolis.



How to Save a Life (song)

"How to Save a Life" is an alternative rock song off the album by The Fray called "How to Save a Life". The single contains various music videos. "How to Save a Life" was written by Isaac Slade and Joe King.

Mount Chimborazo

Mount Chimborazo is a mountain and an extinct volcano in Ecuador. Its last eruption is thought to have been over a thousand years ago.

The top of Mount Chimborazo is the farthest away from the centre of the Earth as is possible to get on land. Although Mount Everest is higher, Chimborazo is farther from Earth's center because the earth bulges at the equator.

OpenOffice Draw

OpenOffice Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice office suite. It has "connectors" between shapes, that are available in many types of line styles and allow people to build drawings such as flowchart. It also includes many features found in desktop publishing software.

OpenOffice users can also install the Open Clip Art Library, which adds a lot of flags, logos, icons and banners for general presentation and drawing projects. Linux distributions Debian and Ubuntu also have ready-to-use "openclipart" packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories.

Released under the terms of the Apache License, Draw is free software.




OpenOffice Math

OpenOffice Math is a tool for creating and editing mathematical formulas, similar to Microsoft Equation Editor and is part of the OpenOffice office suite. The created formulas can then be put into other OpenOffice.org documents, for example, those created by Writer. It allows multiple fonts and can export to PDF.

Released under the terms of the Apache License, Math is free software.




Tony Lazzeri

Anthony Michael Lazzeri (December 6, 1903 – August 6, 1946) was a Major League Baseball player, mostly for the New York Yankees. He is a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame. He won the World Series with the Yankees in 1927, 1928, 1932, 1936, and 1937.

Revolution Studios

Revolution Studios is a Los Angeles-based independent movie and television production company. It was founded on January 12, 2000 by Joe Roth. The company closed in 2007. In 2017, the company returned to production of movies with their release "".

Nose-picking

Nose-picking is the act of sticking a finger into the nose and digging inside. It is a taboo subject in most countries. It is considered to be very gross and disgusting despite being a very common habit. Nose-picking can also cause nose bleeds. Some people also eat boogers, which can be even more disgusting. If someone is seen picking their nose, it can be very embarrassing.


Adiabatic process

An adiabatic process is a thermodynamic process where a fluid becomes warmer or cooler without getting heat from, or giving it to, something else. Usually the temperature instead changes because of changes in pressure.

Adiabatic cooling is the usual cause of clouds. When warm, humid air rises due to convection or other cause, water condenses to make clouds, and in some cases precipitation. Convection also causes cold air to sink. This warms it adiabatically, often destroying a cloud and sometimes causing any precipitation to evaporate before hitting the ground.

If we take some fluids in an insulated system and expand or compress the system very fast, the system won't be able to gain or loose any heat (from outside of the system). (In reality, you can't get a perfectly insulated system. But in some cases, the heat transfer is so low that we can call them adiabatic process.)

From the first law of thermodynamics, we know that,

Here, formula_2 is the change of internal energy; formula_3 is the change of heat and formula_4 is the change of work.

Since there occurs no heat transfer in adiabatic process, the formula_3 becomes 0. So, for adiabatic process, the equation is,

Again, we know that formula_7.(formula_8;formula_9; formula_10; so, formula_7)

Here, formula_12 is volume; formula_13 is force; formula_14 is pressure; formula_15 is the area and formula_16 is the distance.

So, the equation stands as,

Which means, by doing work (changing volume), one can change the internal energy (and so the temperature) in a adiabatic process.

In the case of Adiabatic process (see the upper section), 

Again, in constant volume, the heat capacity of one mole gas is, 

Here, formula_20 is the change of temperature and formula_21 is the temperature।

But, in constant volume (as no work is done),

So,

From the first (1) equation, 

Now, the Ideal gas law for one mole gas is,

Here, formula_26 is the gas constant.

By differentiating the last equation,

Or,
formula_28

Now from equation (2), we get, 

Since, formula_30 (Mayer's relation),

Here, formula_32 is the heat capacity of gas at constant pressure.

Simplifying the equation (3),

If,
Then,

By dividing both sides of the equation (4) with formula_36 we get,

Integrating (Integration leaves a constant) the equation (5),

If we assume that,

We get,

Simplifying the equation (6),

This is the relation between pressure and volume in adiabatic process.

Oklahoma Land Run

The Land Rush of 1889, also known as the Oklahoma Land Run, was the first land run into the Unassigned Lands of Oklahoma.

Five Civilized Tribes

The Five Civilized Tribes is the term applied to five Native American nations, the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, and Seminole, considered civilized by white settlers during that time period because they adopted many of the colonists' customs and had generally good relations with their neighbors.

Anadarko, Oklahoma

Anadarko is the county seat of Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 5,745 at the 2020 census.

Petroleum industry

The petroleum industry includes the global processes of exploration, extraction, refining, transporting (often by oil tankers and pipelines), and marketing petroleum products. The largest volume products of the industry are fuel oil and gasoline (petrol). 

Cyrus Avery

Cyrus Stevens Avery (1871–1963) was known as the "Father of Route 66". He created the route while a member of the federal board appointed to create the Federal Highway System, then pushed for the establishment of the U.S. Highway 66 Association to pave and promote the highway.

U.S. Route 66

U.S. Route 66 (also known as Route 66, U.S. Highway 66, The Main Street of America, The Mother Road and the Will Rogers Highway) was a highway in the U.S. Highway System. One of the original U.S. highways, Route 66 was established on November 11, 1926. However, road signs did not go up until the following year. The famous highway originally ran from Chicago, Illinois, through the U.S. states of Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California, before ending at Los Angeles, running a total of . It was replaced by freeways starting in the 1950s and stopped being a highway in 1985.


Kata

Kata (型, 形 means: "the form") is a Japanese word which is used in some martial arts and theatre (as kabuki). In karate, this word describes a simulation of combat—the sequence of movements—which is given in detail and is trained individually or in group. Before learning it, the martial artist has to try the training of basic technique called "kihon".

Such simulation represents a sequence of movements, the attack and the defence in an imagined combat. Every attack must be made as if there were an opponent in front of the karateka (the karate fighter) in order to reach him, and every defence must be made as if the opponent attacked in a real situation of danger. Every movement has an interpretation. The karateka has to show the consideration for its timing and ability to use it.

The goal of the "kata" is help in the development of the qualities and the abilities both psychological and of the body. These abilities are necessary for the real combat.

Punch

Punch might mean:

DSLinux

DSLinux is a port of the Linux operating system to the Nintendo DS platform. It requires only a device capable of writing to a DS Game Cart.

DSLinux is not the same as DSL (Damn Small Linux.)

DSLinux has been criticized, some of these thing are for:



VM (disambiguation)

VM is an abbreviation that may stand for:


Virtual machine

A virtual machine is a program on a computer that works like it is a separate computer inside the main computer. The program that controls virtual machines is called a hypervisor and the computer that is running the virtual machine is called the host. The hypervisor controls how the virtual machine can access memory, hard drive space, and other resources on the host computer. Virtual machines can be created through software known as virtualization software (such as VMware Workstation and VirtualBox).

There are many reasons to run a virtual machine:


GNewSense

gNewSense is a free software-only Debian based distro. The project aims to contain only free software in their distribution.


Melon-headed whale

The Melon-headed Whale ("Peponocephala electra") is a mammal of the oceanic dolphin family. 

It is closely related to the Pygmy Killer Whale and the Pilot Whale. These dolphin species are known by the common name "Blackfish". The Melon-headed Whale is widespread throughout the world's tropical waters, although it is not often seen by humans because it prefers to live in deep water.

Nilgai

The Nilgai ("Boselaphus tragocamelus") is an antelope found in Asia. It commonly seen in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and eastern Pakistan. The mature males appear ox-like and are also known as blue bulls. The nilgai is the biggest Asian antelope.

The species was described in 1766.


Boys Like Girls

Boys Like Girls is an American alternative-pop rock band formed in Boston. In 2006 Boys Like Girls's self-titled first album was released. They are mostly famous for the songs "Thunder", "Hero/Heroine", "Five Minutes to Midnight", and "The Great Escape".

Current members
Former members


Helenus

Helenus is a person in Greek mythology.

Helenus was the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy. His twin sister was Cassandra.

Kikones

The Kikones or Cicones were a tribe of Thracians. They lived in the area which is now in Greece and Turkey.

At the time of Odysseus their stronghold was the city of Ismara (or "Ismarus"), near Mount Ismara, on the south coast of Thrace.

Novell

Novell Inc. () is a global software corporation based in the United States specializing in enterprise operating systems such as SUSE Linux Enterprise and Novell NetWare; identity, security and systems management solutions; and collaboration solutions. Together with WordPerfect, Novell was instrumental in making the Utah Valley a focus for high-technology software development. Today this area has many small companies whose employees have previously worked at Novell.



Continental climate

Continental climate is a climate that is characterized by winter temperatures cold enough to support a fixed period of snow cover each year, and is not arid or semi-arid. Summers are hot or warm.

In the Köppen climate classification, this climate is split into "Dfa" (hot summer, no dry season), "Dfb" (warm summer, no dry season), "Dwa" (hot summer, dry winter), "Dwb" (warm summer, dry winter), "Dsa" (hot dry summer) and "Dsb" (warm dry summer).

Dfa cities include Chicago, Volgograd or Toronto.

Dfb cities include Warsaw, Moscow or Montreal.

Dsa cities include Salt Lake City or Bishkek.

Dsb cities include Helsinki or Spokane.

Dwa cities include Beijing or Seoul.

Dwb cities include Vladivostok or Calgary.

American Indoor Soccer League

The American Indoor Soccer League or AISL originally considered itself a minor indoor soccer league. In the 2005-06 season, they recognized themselves as a major soccer league.

U.S. Highway 66 Association

The U.S. Highway 66 Association was organized in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1927. Its purpose was to get U.S. Highway 66 paved from end to end and to promote tourism on the highway.

Cultural heritage

Cultural heritage, often called "national heritage" or just "heritage", is the legacy of artifacts and attributes, activities or events of a group or society that are left by past generations.


Storm Prediction Center

The Storm Prediction Center (SPC), in Norman, Oklahoma, is part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction.

Tribal chief

A traditional tribal chief is the leader of a tribe, or the head of a tribal form of government. A tribal chief is also called a Chieftain.

Megalodon

Megalodon is a theoretically extinct species of shark and was the largest of all time, as far as we know. Its scientific name is Otodus megalodon (meaning "big mouth"). It lived from the early Miocene to the Pliocene epochs, 23 to 3.6 million years ago (mya). It is not closely related to the present-day great white shark.

Megalodon had teeth, which are among the largest ever found, over long. Nicolaus Steno was the first to recognize the teeth as those of a giant shark. Paleontologists calculate that the shark was up to long with average length of 17 meters (56 feet) It weighed up to 48-103 metric tons. Recent teeth have been found dating back to 11,000 years ago.

Fossil records of "O. megalodon" indicate that it occurred in deep to tropical latitudes. Before the formation of the Isthmus of Panama, the seas were relatively warmer. This would have made it possible for the species to live in all the oceans of the world.

"O. megalodon" lived in many marine environments (i.e. continental shelf waters, coastal upwelling, swampy coastal lagoons, sandy littorals, and offshore deep water environments), and moved from place to place. Adult "O. megalodon" were not abundant in shallow water environments, and mostly lurked offshore. "C. megalodon" may have moved between coastal and oceanic waters, at different stages in its life.

Megalodon hunted large and medium-sized whales, attacking the bony areas, such as chest, fins, or tail. This would stop the whale, or it could kill quickly with a fatal bite to the chest region. The megalodon bite is considered one of the strongest bites in the animal kingdom’s history.

Its great size, high-speed swimming capability, and powerful jaws coupled with formidable killing apparatus, made it an apex predator eating a range of fauna.

Fossil evidence is that "C. megalodon" preyed on cetaceans (i.e., dolphins, small whales, and "Odobenocetops", and large whales, (including sperm whales, bowhead whales, and rorquals pinnipeds, porpoises, sirenians, and giant sea turtles.

Marine mammals were regular prey targets for megalodon. Many whale bones have been found with clear signs of large bite marks (deep gashes) made by teeth that match those of megalodon, and various excavations have revealed megalodon teeth lying close to the chewed remains of whales, and sometimes in direct association with them. Fossil evidence of interactions between megalodon and pinnipeds also exist. In one interesting observation, a megalodon tooth was found lying very close to a bitten earbone of a sea lion.

Megalodon is now considered to be a member of the family Otodontidae, genus "Otodus". Megalodon's older classification into "Carcharodon" was due to dental similarity with the great white shark. Most authors now think this is due to convergent evolution. The great white shark is more closely related to the extinct broad-toothed mako ("Isurus hastalis") than to megalodon. The dentition in those two sharks is similar, whereas megalodon teeth have much finer serrations than great white shark teeth. The great white shark is more closely related to the mako shark ("Isurus" spp.), with a most recent common ancestor about 4 mya. Those who still think megalodon and the great white shark are more closely related, argue that the differences between their dentition are minute and obscure.

Dust Bowl

The "Dust Bowl" is a phrase used to describe prairie regions of the United States and Canada in the 1930s. The Dust Bowl spread from Saskatchewan and Manitoba to the north, all the way to Oklahoma and parts of Texas and New Mexico in the south. 

In these areas, there were many serious dust storms and droughts during the 1930s. These caused major damage to the Dust Bowl areas' economies, ecology, and agriculture. The dust bowl was the worst man-made disaster in U.S history. It was many dust storms that happened for years.

The dust bowl was also suffered by many Canadians, and probably by many Mexicans.

The people who lived in the Dust Bowl area were mostly farmers. Many years of intensive farming without rain left the soil dry. When strong winds blew, they covered cities, towns, and farms in dried, dusty soil, ruining the farmland. 

One famous storm on April 14, 1935, called "Black Sunday", was so bad it covered dozens of cities in black clouds of dust and made it impossible to see the sky or even a few feet ahead. Writer Timothy Egan says that the Black Sunday storm "carried away twice as much dirt as was dug out of the earth to create the Panama Canal."

The Dust Bowl period is still considered one of the worst environmental disasters in United States history. Many thousands of people died from breathing in the dust, or from starvation. Many others who survived lost everything they had, and left the Dust Bowl to look for work in other parts of the country. These people were called "Dust Bowl refugees."

In the days of the bison, grass was anchored into the ground and its leaves eaten. With farming the plants were dug up wholescale.

The seriousness of the Dust Bowl disaster later led to greater use of crop rotation, reforesting and other techniques to preserve the quality and quantity of topsoil in American and Canadian farms. Many songs, books, and works of art were created to tell stories of the people affected by the dust storms. Some of the most famous of these works are the novels "The Grapes of Wrath" and "Of Mice and Men", by John Steinbeck, the songs of folk music singer Woody Guthrie, and the photography of Dorothea Lange, who took pictures of many Dust Bowl refugees and their families.

Photo gallery

Passionfruit

The Passionfruit (also spelled passion fruit) is a small, spherical fruit. It is purple when ripe, and green when not ripe. The fruit contains many small, black seeds covered with the fruit's flesh. It is tart and sweet. The seeds can be eaten on their own or used for various cooking recipes. Passion fruit is not a very common fruit in England. In Venezuela, the juice of passionfruits are common drinks.

Mosasaur

Mosasaurs were large, predatory marine lizards of the Upper Cretaceous. The first fossil Mosasaur, "Mosasaurus hoffmanni", was found in the Netherlands in 1776. It was named in 1822 by W.D. Conybeare.

For the last 20 million years of the Cretaceous period after the extinction of the ichthyosaurs and pliosaurs, mosasaurs became the dominant marine predators. They became extinct at the K-Pg event at the end of the Cretaceous period, about 66 million years ago.

The first specimen was found in a chalk quarry in Maastricht, Holland. It was found by a German army surgeon, Johann Hoffmann, who collected fossils for the Haarlem Museum. During a struggle for ownership, the skeletal parts went to the museum, whilst the skull stayed with the owner of the land, who refused to let anyone see it.

The true identity of the monster was explained by Georges Cuvier. In 1795 French troops were outside Maastricht, and Cuvier arranged for the large skull to be saved when they stormed the town. 

Thousands of fossils have been found, from every continent. There are about 40 known species. Most skeletons have been found in North America in chalk laid down in the Western Interior Seaway.

An interesting fact is that ichthyosaurs had died out by the middle of the Upper Cretaceous, and plesiosaurs and sea-going crocodiles were in decline. The reasons for this are not known. It is this large marine predator niche that mosasaurs occupied. They flourished in the later Cretaceous, only to become extinct at the K/T extinction event.

The type species was estimated to be 33' (10m) long. "Mosasaurus" had four paddle-like limbs on a long, streamlined body and a long, powerful tail. The large head had huge jaws, up to 4 ft (1.2 m long) with many teeth. The jaws could open about 3 feet (1 m). The lower jaw is loosely hinged to the skull with a moveable joint on each side (behind the teeth). This loose joint let it swallow huge prey. They would have hunted fish, turtles, molluscs, and shellfish. Ammonites have been found bearing mosasaur teeth marks.

The smallest-known mosasaur was "Carinodens belgicus", which was about to long and probably lived in shallow waters near shore, cracking molluscs and sea urchins with its bulbous teeth. Larger mosasaurs were more typical: mosasaurs ranged in size up to . "Hainosaurus" holds the record for longest mosasaur, at .

The large size of mosasaurs, like whales, meant they were more likely to be warm-blooded than cold-blooded.

Many other genera of mosasaur have since been found, for example, "Tylosaurus". "Mosasaurus maximus" was found at Onion Creek, Texas. All have the same general body style and pattern of life, though some, like "Prognathodon", had crushing teeth for dealing with shellfish. Present thought is that their closest living relatives are the monitor lizards.

Nevermind

Nevermind is the second studio album by the American rock band, Nirvana. It was released on September 24, 1991 by DGC Records. It was produced by Butch Vig and was the first release by the band on the record label. It was also the first release with drummer Dave Grohl.

Even though it wasn't thought to have been very popular before its release, "Nevermind" was a very big success. On January 11, 1992, it had reached number one on the US "Billboard" 200. The main single, "Smells Like Teen Spirit" was very successful and reached number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The three other singles were: "Come as You Are", "Lithium", and "In Bloom". "Nevermind" was selling up to 300,000 copies a week between 1991 and 1992.

"Nevermind" has sold over 30 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums ever. "Nevermind" helped to make both grunge music and alternative rock popular. It has been known as one of the greatest albums of all time.

Nirvana was a rock band from Aberdeen, Washington, formed by Kurt Cobain (vocals and guitar) and Krist Novoselic (bass guitar) in 1987. They first signed to the Seattle record label Sub Pop. The band released their first album on this label called "Bleach" in 1989 with Chad Channing on drums. Channing left Nirvana after this album in 1990, and the band needed a drummer. After seeing punk band Scream, Cobain and Novoselic liked the drumming by Dave Grohl. When Scream broke up after this, Grohl joined Nirvana as the drummer.

During the start of the 1990s, Sub Pop was having a difficult time with money. Because of this, Nirvana looked for a new record label. They ended up signing with DGC Records

The first name for the album before its release was "Sheep". This came from the kind of people Cobain thought were going to buy the album (sheep is a word meaning someone who does what other people do). The title was later changed to "Nevermind" as it was what Cobain thought about bad things in his life.

The album cover of "Nevermind" shows a naked baby (Spencer Elden) swimming underwater with a U.S. dollar bill on a fishhook. This is just out of the baby's reach. Cobain wanted to have a photo of a water birth on the cover but the record label wouldn't let him.

Timothy McVeigh

Timothy James McVeigh (April 23, 1968 – June 11, 2001) was a United States Army veteran and security guard who bombed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. He was convicted of 11 United States federal offenses, and was sentenced to death and executed for his role in the April 19, 1995 bombing. Immediately prior to his execution, McVeigh observed the Last Rites with a Catholic priest.

Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building

The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States Federal Government complex at 200 N.W. 5th Street in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The Murrah building was opened in 1977. It was the target of the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19, 1995 which damaged the building very badly. It was later imploded and turned into a memorial.

Conviction

In law, a conviction is the verdict that results when a court of law finds a defendant guilty of a crime. The opposite of a conviction is an acquittal (i.e. "not guilty"). A minor conviction is a warning conviction, and it does not affect the defendant but does serve as a warning. In Scotland there can also be a verdict of "not proven", which counts as an acquittal. A convicted person is also called a convict.


Oklahoma City bombing

The Oklahoma City bombing was a terrorist attack on April 19, 1995 on the U.S. government. The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States, was attacked by Timothy McVeigh. The truck bombing destroyed much of the building. As a result it had to be demolished. McVeigh and Terry Nichols detonated a truck bomb, killing 168 people and injuring over 800 people. Until the September 11 attacks, it was the deadliest act of terrorism in the US.

Reservoir

A reservoir is a lake that is usually man-made (meaning it was made by people). Reservoirs are used to store water for various uses like drinking or making electricity. There are also natural reservoirs, which means they were made by nature. 


Terry Nichols

Terry Lynn Nichols (born April 1, 1955) is a U.S. Army veteran who was convicted of being an accomplice of Timothy McVeigh, the man convicted of murder in the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building (Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, April 19, 1995), which killed 168 people.

Cimarron County, Oklahoma

Cimarron County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The 2020 census shows it has the least people of any county in Oklahoma. As of 2020, 2,296 people lived there. Its county seat is Boise City.

Cimarron County was made in 1907.

The county has a total area of 1,841 square miles.

Lethal injection

Lethal injection is injecting a person, particularly a dangerous criminal with poison, usually a fatal dose of drugs so the person will die. This is usually done as capital punishment. It is the main way to execute prisoners in the United States. The idea of lethal injection was first suggested in New York in 1888, but Oklahoma was the first place to make a law that said it could use it in 1977. Texas was the first state to actually use lethal injection for an execution. This first happened when Charlie Brooks was executed in 1982. Thirty-four US states now use it for capital punishment. Other countries to use it are China, Taiwan, and Guatemala.

Lethal injection is usually done by using three chemicals. The chemicals are usually sodium thiopental (an anesthetic), pancuronium bromide (used to paralyze the person being injected), and potassium chloride (to stop the heart so that the person being injected dies). In the United States, a chemical shortage has made some states have to wait to inject criminals. Other states have changed what chemicals they use.


Jim Inhofe

James Mountain "Jim" Inhofe (born November 17, 1934) is an American politician from Oklahoma. He was the U.S. senator of Oklahoma from 1994 to 2023. In February 2022, Inhofe announced his retirement effective next year.


List of United States senators from Oklahoma

Oklahoma was admitted to the Union on November 16, 1907. The 2 senators from this state are in 2 different classes. A class gets re-elected every 2 years. For example, Class 3 got re-elected in 2010, Class 1 got re-elected in 2012, and Class 2 got re-elected in 2014. Then the cycle will start over with Class 3 getting re-elected in 2016.

Tom Coburn

Thomas Allen Coburn (March 14, 1948 – March 28, 2020) was an American politician and medical doctor. A member of the Republican Party, he served as a U.S. Senator of Oklahoma from 2005 to 2015. He was nicknamed Dr. No because of he blocked many spending bills many times.

He announced in January 2014 that he would leave the senate at the end of the 113th United States Congress and submitted his resignation letter to Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin.

Coburn died on March 28, 2020 in Tulsa, Oklahoma from prostate cancer, aged 72.

Bixby, Oklahoma

Bixby is a city in Tulsa and Wagoner counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and is a suburb of Tulsa.

Midwest City, Oklahoma

Midwest City is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.

Council–manager government

The council-manager government is one of two main variations of representative municipal government in the United States that began in Staunton, Virginia in 1908. This system of government is used in the majority of American cities with populations over 12,000. When a city has a "council-manager" form of government, the elected city council usually hires a city manager to oversee the day-to-day management of the city employees. In these cities, the position of Mayor is either a ceremonial position, or does not exist.

Mayor–council government

The Mayor-Council government system, sometimes called the Mayor-Commission government system, is one of two variations of government most commonly used in modern representative municipal governments in the United States.

Strong-mayor is a form of mayor-council government. It is made up of an executive branch and a legislative branch. Both branches are elected by the people. The executive brance is usually a city mayor. The legislature is usually a city council.

Oklahoma Rose

Oklahoma Rose is a hybrid tea rose. It was developed in 1964 at Oklahoma State University by Herbert C. Swim and O. L. Weeks. In 2004, the Oklahoma Rose became the official state flower of Oklahoma.

Okemah, Oklahoma

Okemah is the county seat of Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 3,074 at the 2020 census.

Coppo di Marcovaldo

Coppo di Marcovaldo (c. 1225 – c. 1276) was an artist who was born in Florence and worked in that part of Italy in the Late Medieval period. He painted large icons of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Christ Child, in the Byzantine style. His most famous work is the mosaic of the Last Judgement in the Baptistery of Florence. He also worked in the towns of Pistoia and Siena. There are only two paintings that are known to be by Coppo. One is in the Church of the Servants of Mary in Siena and the other is in the Church of the Servants of Mary in Orvieto. Another painting thought to be by Coppo di Marcovaldo can be seen in the Civic Museum in San Gimignano.



Powys

Powys, officially the County of Powys (Welsh: Sir Powys), is the largest principal area and county in Wales. It is named after the Kingdom of Powys which was a Welsh successor state, petty kingdom and principality that was founded during the Middle Ages following the end of Roman rule in Britain.

Modern day Powys covers the historic counties of Montgomeryshire and Radnorshire, most of Brecknockshire, and a small part of Denbighshire. With an area of about 2,000 square miles (5,200 km2), it is the largest unitary authority in Wales by land area and about the same size as the country of Trinidad and Tobago. It is bordered by English counties of Shropshire and Herefordshire to the east, Gwynedd, Wrexham and Denbighshire to the north, Ceredigion to the west and Rhondda Cynon Taf, Merthyr Tydfil, Caerphilly, Blaenau Gwent, Monmouthshire and Neath Port Talbot to the south.

The county's largest towns are:

It has the lowest population density of all the principal areas of Wales. Most of Powys is mountainous making north–south travel fairly difficult.

Cimabue

Cimabue, (c.1240 - c.1302), was a painter from Florence in Italy who worked in the Late Medieval period. His real name was Cenni di Peppi. He painted large icons in the Byzantine style and was the first great painter in the city of Florence. The only works of art that are known to be definitely by Cimabue are the mosaic of Christ in Majesty in Pisa Cathedral and two very large ruined frescos in the Church of St Francis in Assisi.

The most famous painting that is believed to be by Cimabue is the "Madonna of Santa Trinita" which is an altarpiece that was done for the Church of the Holy Trinity. It is now in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence. He is also believed to have painted two large crucifixes which hung in the Church of St Domenic in Arezzo and the Church of the Holy Cross (Santa Croce, Florence). The crucifix of Santa Croce was ruined in a flood and is now in the church's museum.

The biographer Giorgio Vasari wrote about Cimabue's life, 250 years after his death. He wrote that one day Cimabue was walking in the country when he saw a little shepherd boy scratching a picture of a sheep onto a rock. The drawing was so good that Cimabue went to the boy's father and begged that he might take the boy as his apprentice and teach him to paint. The boy was Giotto, who became a very famous painter, and who is thought of as the very first painter of the Italian Renaissance.


Pietro Cavallini

Pietro Cavallini (1259 – c. 1330) was a painter who lived and worked in Rome in Italy in the Late Medieval period. He may have also worked in Naples. He is thought of as one of the greatest painters of his day, but has never been as well known as Giotto from Florence, who was alive at the same time. This is probably because only two pictures by Cavallini still exist. One of them is a mosaic in the Church of Santa Maria in Trastevere. The other is a fresco in the nearby convent of Santa Cecilia in Trastevere. ("in Trastevere" means "in the part of the Rome that is across the Tiber River".)

The fresco at Santa Cecilia's is a large picture of the Last Judgement with Jesus sitting between rows of saints. Unfortunately, the room, which was quite tall, had a new level added, and the floor cut across the fresco. It is in ruins, but the parts that remain show that Cavallini was trying to make the figures that he painted look solid and three-dimensional like the frescos of Ancient Rome. Pietro Cavallini probably influenced the artists who travelled from Rome to work at the Basilica of St Francis of Assisi. It is not known if he painted any of the frescos there.



Lollapalooza

Lollapalooza is a music festival. It was started in 1991 by Perry Farrell, lead singer of Jane's Addiction, as a farewell concert for his band. It happened every year until 1997, then took a break until 2003. There was no 2004 Lollapalooza. In 2005, the festival started again, and kept going every year. From 2005, it has played as a weekend show at Grant Park in Chicago.


East Tyrol

East Tyrol (German: Osttirol) is a small part of the Austrian state of Tyrol, located in the east part of the state. The other part of the state is North Tyrol, which also belongs to Austria, but does not share a border with East Tyrol. 

East Tyrol borders Carinthia in the east, Salzburg in the north, South Tyrol in the west, Veneto in the south. Its capitals are Lienz and "the big brother" Innsbruck.

Gaillardia pulchella

Indian blanket ("Gaillardia pulchella") is a short-lived annual flowering plant native to the central United States. It is easily grown throughout the southeast. The flowers are bright red with a yellow rim and is slightly smaller than "Gaillardia aristata"but is very drought tolerant and even salt tolerant, thriving along coastal dunes.

Perineum

The perineum is the area of the human body found between the lower end of the vulva and the anus (in females); and the scrotum and the anus (in males). When a person reaches puberty, the size of the perineum is about one inch in length. During puberty, hair will grow around and on the perineum to protect it.

Inside the perineum-area are specialized muscles that perform functions of sexuality, erection and excretion.

Jar

A jar is a type of container, mostly used to store food. Jars are usually cylindrical, and are usually made of glass or clay.

Glass jars are able to be heated in microwave ovens.


South Tyrol

South Tyrol, also known by its Italian name Alto Adige (, , Southern Bavarian: "Sidtiroul"), is an autonomous province in northern Italy. Together with the province of Trento, it makes up the region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. The province has an area of . About 511,750 people live there (2011). The capital of the province is the city of Bolzano. The borders are Graubünden and Lombardia in the west, Tyrol and Salzburg in the north, Trentino and Veneto in the south.

Although it is part of Italy, most of the population speaks German. Around a quarter of the population speak Italian, most of whom live in the two largest cities (Bolzano and Merano). Italian and German are both official languages. In parts of the province, a third language, Ladin, is spoken and official as well. "South Tyrol" is the most common name for the province in ancient English. German and Ladin speakers usually refer to the area as "Südtirol". The official name is the Province of Bolzano (in ; in ; in Ladin: "Provinzia autonoma de Balsan/Bulsan – Südtirol").

South Tyrol/Alto Adige is an autonomous province. It has its own legislature that makes many laws that are separate from those made by the Italian government. Luis Durnwalder has been the head of government since 1989. He belongs to the South Tyrolean People's Party, which has been governing since 1948.

The name "Alto Adige" comes from the river Adige. "Alto" means upper, because the upper part of the river flows through the province. 

The name was first created by the Napoleonic French to distinguish the Trentino area. It had then been reused by the Fascist regime from the 1920ies onwards.

The region was originally populated by Raetian population who was then latinized in the time of the Roman Empire. A profound Germanisation process took place after the invasion by Franks and Bavarians, from the 6th century onwards. Only a small part of the Dolomite's area is still inhabited by Ladin population. The region was part of the Crown Land of Tyrol and belonged to the multi-ethnic Habsburg empire of Austria-Hungary.

After the First World War, despite the fact that its inhabitants were almost entirely German-speaking, South Tyrol was assigned, against its will, to the Kingdom of Italy by the Treaty of Saint-Germain. The name was officially changed to "Alto Adige". This happened on the basis of the wishes of the Italian irredentists, who considered the Alto Adige as a geographical territory of Italy. When Benito Mussolini's Fascist party came to power in 1922, a period of oppression and marginalisation of the German- and Ladin-speaking minorities began. German was replaced by Italian in the public sphere, the German language was banned from public life and schools. The fascist government favoured instead the industrialisation of the province to attract Italian immigrants and to further carry out its Italianisation politics.

In 1939/40, the German and the Italian dictator, Mussolini and Hitler, came to terms and planned the resettlement of the non-Italian minorities into the Third Reich. In 1943, the German Wehrmacht occupied the region and established a regime of terror.

After World War II, on May 8, 1945, the "Südtiroler Volkspartei" was founded. It soon became the ruling political party in South Tyrol, gaining an absolute or relative majority since 1947. 

In the 2011 census, about 63% of the population belong to the German-speaking group, about 23% to the Italian-speaking group, and about 4% to the Ladin-speaking group (another 10% are immigrants from outside Italy).


Flag of Thailand

The Flag of Thailand has five stripes red, white, and blue. Red-white-blue stand for nation-religion-king, an unofficial motto of Thailand. The flag was made official on 28 September 1917 by a royal decree. The Thai name for the flag is ธงไตรรงค์ ("Thong Trairong"), which means "tricolour flag".

List of flag names

This is a list of names used for flags


Just Stand Up!

"Just Stand Up!" is a song featuring the vocals of an all-star group of pop and R&B performers, including this is the order in which they are listed on the cover Mariah Carey, Beyoncé, Mary J. Blige, Rihanna, Fergie, Sheryl Crow, Melissa Etheridge, Natasha Bedingfield, Miley Cyrus, Leona Lewis, Carrie Underwood, Keyshia Cole, LeAnn Rimes, Ashanti and Ciara. The song was made to make money for a charity called Stand Up to Cancer.

Sam Houston State University

Sam Houston State University is a university in Huntsville, Texas. It was named after Sam Houston, the founder of Houston, Texas.

Jeff Gordon

Jeffery Michael Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is a retired professional American race car driver in NASCAR. He is a four-time Nascar Cup Series champion, and a three-time Daytona 500 winner. When he drove in NASCAR, he was the driver of the #24 Chevrolet SS for Hendrick Motorsports. His main sponsor was AARP Drive to End Hunger, though his earlier sponsor was DuPont. He has 93 career wins, the third most of all NASCAR drivers. He and Hendrick Motorsports owner Rick Hendrick are the owners of Jimmie Johnson's #48 Lowe's Chevrolet, who has won five championships in a row from 2006 to 2010. Gordon has appeared in various popular media, including a self-titled video game, "Jeff Gordon XS Racing". He also appeared on the covers of "NASCAR 98", "NASCAR Thunder 2002", "NASCAR 09", and "NASCAR 06: Total Team Control" with Jimmie Johnson. Gordon also was in "Gran Turismo 5" to help players in NASCAR driving. In 2015, Gordon decided he was going to retire from driving in NASCAR. Since 2016, Gordon has worked for Fox Sports to help broadcast NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races. He currently works in the TV broadcast booth with Mike Joy and Clint Bowyer. 


Indiangrass

Indiangrass ("Sorghastrum nutans"), also called Indian grass, is a North American prairie grass, and is the official state grass of both Oklahoma and South Carolina.

Port Silt Loam

Port Silt Loam is the state soil of Oklahoma. This type of soil is reddish in color due to the weathering of reddish sandstones, siltstones, and shales of the Permian geologic era.

Common collared lizard

The common collared lizard or Oklahoma lizard, "Crotaphytus collaris", is a North American lizard that can reach a foot (30 cm) long in length (including the tail), with a large head and powerful jaws. It is the state lizard of Oklahoma.

Black Swallowtail

The Black Swallowtail ("Papilio polyxenes") is a species of butterfly. It is also called the American Swallowtail or Parsnip Swallowtail. It is found throughout much of North America.

The Black Swallowtail has a wingspan of 6.7 to 10 cm (2.7 to 4 in). The upper side of the male's wings is black. There are two rows of yellow spots along the edges of both wings. There is a small area of blue on the bottom wing between the two rows of yellow spots.On the bottom edge of the bottom wing, there is a red spot with a small black dot in the center. The upper side of the female's wings is black. There are two rows of light yellow spots along the edges of both wings. These spots are smaller than the male's. There is a large area of blue on the bottom wing between these two rows. The female also has the same red and black spot on the bottom wing as the male. The female mimics the Pipevine Swallowtail ("Battus philenor"). The underside of the wings is the same in both sexes. The top wing is black with two rows of yellow-orange spots. The bottom wing has two rows of orange spots with a blue area between them.

The Ozark Swallowtail ("Papilio joanae") and the Black Swallowtail were once thought to be the same species. Felix Sperling did an analysis of the Ozark Swallowtail's DNA. He suggested that even though the Ozark Swallowtail looks exactly like the Black Swallowtail, it is actually more closely related to the Old World Swallowtail ("Papilio machaon").

In North Dakota and southern Manitoba, the Black Swallowtail is thought to breed with the Old World Swallowtail. These hybrids are called Kahli Swallowtails. Kahli Swallowtails are either thought to be a separate species or a subspecies of the Black Swallowtail.

The Desert Black Swallowtail ("P. p. coloro") is a subspecies of the Black Swallowtail. It is found in southeastern California, southern Nevada, and western Arizona. It is similar to the male Black Swallowtail, but it has more yellow and the sexes look the same.

There are many similar species in the Black Swallowtails range.

The Pipevine Swallowtail is similar to the female Black Swallowtail. On the upper side of its wings it does not have any yellow spots. The bottom wing is a shiny, dark blue. It has one row of whitish spots in the middle of the bottom wing. The underside of the bottom wing has only one row of orange spots.

The Spicebush Swallowtail ("Papilio troilus") is similar to the female Black Swallowtail. It is usually larger. The upper side of its wings is black with one row of light greenish-blue spots along the edges of both wings.

The Ozark Swallowtail looks exactly like the Black Swallowtail. It can only be separated by habitat and host plant choices (the host plant is the plant that the caterpillar feeds on). It is found in woodlands. The host plants are Meadow Parsnip ("Thaspium barbinode") and Yellow Pimpernal ("Taenidia intregerrima").

The Old World Swallowtail has many different forms. The form "brucei" is very similar to both sexes of the Black Swallowtail. Form "brucei" is usually smaller. The black dot in the red spot on the bottom wing is not centered.

The Black Swallowtail ranges from southern Canada south to Florida and Costa Rica west to the Rocky Mountains and eastern Arizona south to Mexico and Peru.

The Black Swallowtail likes open habitats. It is found from sea level to high mountains. It is found in fields, meadows, deserts, marshes, near lakes and streams, farms, lawns, near cities, near roads, and gardens. It is rarely (unusually) found in forests or woodlands.

Humans have greatly helped the Black Swallowtail. They brought non-native carrot species from Europe to North America. The Black Swallowtail uses these plants as host plants. Before humans cut down forests, Black Swallowtail were rare. They were only found in small prairies, wetlands, and openings in forests. However, in the northeast, people are not farming as much as they used to. This is making the Black Swallowtail become less common in this part of its range.

The Black Swallowtail is seen from May to June in Canada. It is seen from June to August in the Colorado Mountains. In the eastern part of its range, it is seen from April to October and from February to October in Florida. In Arizona, it is seen from February to November. It has one brood (one group of offspring) in Canada and the Colorado Mountains. It has 2 to 3 broods in the rest of its range.

The Black Swallowtail flies very fast. Its flight is much quicker than other swallowtails. The Black Swallowtail flies closer to the ground than other swallowtails do. In cold weather, they will hold their abdomens above their wings. This keeps them warm. Usually, Black Swallowtails live about 10 to 12 days. Some however, can live up to 35 to 40 days.

Here is a list of food sources for the Black Swallowtail:


Males will also come to damp soil and mud to feed on minerals and moisture. This is called puddling.

The Black Swallowtail goes through complete metamorphosis.

The male forms a territory. The territory is usually on the top of a hill. The male will sit on high branches or other vegetation on the hill. He will defend his territory from other male Black Swallowtails. If other males come too close, he will chase them away. The female will fly to the top of the hill to look for a mate. A successful courtship lasts for about 40 seconds. An unsuccessful one lasts for about 100 seconds. Mating lasts for about 45 minutes. Females that do not want to mate will try to escape from males by flying high in the air and then quickly flying downward.

Female Black Swallowtails fly close to the ground to look for host plants. Females lay one egg per host plant. The eggs are laid on the leaves and flowers. The egg is yellow. It later forms a red ring around the center. It will also form a red top. It will turn dark gray just before hatching. It takes about 10 days to hatch. In a lab test, females laid a total of about 200 to 430 eggs. They laid about 35 to 50 each day.

The caterpillar will eat the leaves and flowers of the host plant. It makes no nests. The young caterpillar is black. It has a white spot in the middle of its body. This spot is called a saddle. It mimics a bird dropping. The older caterpillar is green. It has black bands with orange spots in each of the bands. The caterpillar has a special organ called an osmeterium. It is an orange, bad-smelling organ. It is shaped like a snake's tongue. It is kept behind the inside of the head. The caterpillar releases it to scare predators away. The caterpillar will reach a length of 5 cm (2 in). The Ozark Swallowtail caterpillar is similar to the Black Swallowtail caterpillar. It is usually greener, and the black bands are usually thinner.

The chrysalis hangs upright. There is a silk thread around the upper part of the chrysalis. This thread is called a girdle. The chrysalis is either brown or green. The Black Swallowtail will hibernate as a chrysalis.

Here is a list of host plants that the Black Swallowtail caterpillar feeds on:


Oklahoma! (song)

Oklahoma is the title song from and the finale to the Broadway musical "Oklahoma!" It is also the state song of Oklahoma.

Queens of the Stone Age

Queens of the Stone Age are a rock band from California, USA. They formed in 1997. The band has released five studio albums, three extended plays (EP), fifteen singles and one live/video album. Between 2003 and 2008, they were nominated for the Grammy Award four times. 


Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection

Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection (also known as WFC), was a service for the Wii and Nintendo DS. It was used on games that let a person play with people around the world.



Before Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection shut down, 6 other apps were discontinued. The Forecast Channel, News Channel, Everybody Votes Channel, Nintendo Channel, and the Check Mii Out Channel closed on June 27, 2013. Wii no Ma closed on April 30, 2012. Then, the Kirby TV Channel closed in October 2012.

The Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection was announced to be "easy to connect to, safe for everyone to use, and free". Features included worldwide matches, leaderboards, and tournaments. More features were available between people who friended each other with Friend Codes.

The Wii Shop Channel allowed people to download / buy games or software with Wii Points. You could buy Wii Points by Nintendo Point Cards or by Mastercard or Visa cards online. People could browse the Virtual Console, WiiWare, or Wii Channel sections. Buying Wii Points was disabled on March 26th, 2018. Buying new games or software in the channel shut down on January 30th, 2019. However, people could still install previously bought games, Wii System Transfer Tool, and "The Legend of Zelda:" "Skyward Sword" Save Data Update Channel. Nintendo announced a way to buy DLC, called Pay & Play. Games in Japan had Pay & Play support as WiiWare titles such as ", Kotoba no Puzzle Mojipittan Wii, and LONPOS."

Since March 16th, the Wii Shop Channel and the DS(i) Shop have been down for several days. The channels are in maintenance.

The DSi Shop allowed people to download apps and DSiware, like its Wii and DS equivalent. It shut down on March 31, 2017. Since March 31, the only thing available for download on the DSi Shop is the "Nintendo 3DS Transfer Tool." Lots of software is also in this shop, such as Flipnote Hatena. Flipnote Hatena has since been discontinued. 

The "Check Mii Out Channel" is a channel that allows people to share their Mii. It was first available on November 11, 2007. People can post their own Miis in the Posting Plaza, or import Mii's into their own Mii Parade.

In the contests, people can send their own Miis to compete in contests to fit a description (for example: Mario without his hat). After the time for submitting a Mii has ran out, the user can vote for three Miis featured on the panel, with ten random Miis being shown at a time. Once the judging is over, the results of the contest can be viewed. Their selection and/or submission's popularity in comparison to others is displayed, as well as the winning Mii and user.

The Check Mii Out Channel sends messages to the Wii Message Board about recent contests. People in some contests can add their user and submitted Mii to a photo with a background related to the contest theme. This picture can then be sent to the Wii Message Board. The Check Mii Out Channel was shut down on June 28, 2013.

The "Nintendo Channel" (also known as the Everybody's Nintendo Channel in Japan), is a Wii channel for the Wii. It was launched in Japan on November 27, 2007, North America on May 7, 2008, Europe and Australia on May 30, 2008, and was shut down on June 28, 2013. It allowed people who had the Wii to watch videos such as interviews, trailers, commercials, and to download game demos for the Nintendo DS. The channel gave information on games and people could rate games that they played. There was a search feature that people used to find games or software easier. The channel could take the user directly into the Wii Shop Channel to buy the game. The Nintendo Channel was updated with different DS demos and new videos every week, but the actual day of the week varied across different international regions.

An updated version of the Nintendo Channel was released in Japan on July 15, 2009, North America on September 14, 2009, and Europe on December 15, 2009. The update introduces a new interface and additional features, options, and statistics for users to view. The European version is missing some of these new additional features, such as options for choosing video quality. In addition, a weekly show known as "Nintendo Week" began airing exclusively on the North American edition of the channel, while another weekly show called "Nintendo TV", is available on the UK version of the channel.

"Mario Kart Wii" allows people to install the Mario Kart Channel. It allows people to check records and view tournaments. The channel works without the game disc inserted, but to compete in races and time trials, the game disc must be inserted.

Tournaments existed in the channel and made people who participated to finish objectives as fast as possible. People could compare their own times to other people. 

This channel allowed people to order food through Demae-Can. People could only get this channel in Japan. However, people have learned to sideload the channel by modding. When a person order something, a receipt gets sent to their Wii Message Board. People could use roulette mode in case someone couldn't find what they wanted to eat. The channel was released on May 26, 2009, and was discontinued on March 31, 2017.

A video channel was released in Japan on May 1, 2009, it was planned to be released in North America. The channel is built around a living room, where 8 Miis can interact with each other. The living room has a TV which shows the person various things.

The Nintendo Wii had Netflix starting on March 27, 2010. It was only for American and Canadian owners, but a Netflix disc was required to use the software. As of October 18, 2010, American and Canadian Wii owners could download Netflix as a channel without requiring a disc.

Netflix has been discontinued for the Wii on January 30, 2019.

The Nintendo Wii, DS and DSi can use the Internet with a downloadable web browser. The Nintendo Wii, DSi, and DS browsers runs on Opera. The Nintendo DS's web browser requires a DS card and a RAM expansion through the Game Boy Advance port.

The "Forecast Channel" first became available on December 19, 2006, and was shut down on June 28, 2013, due to the discontinuation of WiiConnect24 which it required. People were allowed to use the channel to see the current forecast, the UV index, today's overall weather, tomorrow's forecast, a 5-day forecast (only for the country you live in), and a laundry check (Japan only). Certain games like "Madden NFL 07", "", and "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games" could use the "Forecast Channel" to put custom weather conditions in-game.

The "News Channel" allows people to access news headlines and current events from the Internet. News articles are available on a globe view similar to the "Forecast Channel", and on the sidebar. The "News Channel" became available in North America, Europe, and Australia on January 26, 2007.

With the August 6, 2007 update, the "News Channel" shows an alert in the Wii Menu. However, not using the channel for some time will result in the alert not appearing, until the channel is opened. A December 20, 2007 update only released in PAL regions increased the number of news feeds to the channel, sourced from a larger number of news resources and agencies, providing more news that is available per country. As with the Forecast Channel, the "News Channel" is not available in South Korea. The "News Channel" was shut down on June 28, 2013, along with the Forecast Channel, due to both channels requiring the discontinued WiiConnect24 service.
The Message Board's online features are discontinued, along with the shutdown with WiiConnect24. People could leave messages, or other people on a calendar message board. Announcements of updates and video game news were posted by Nintendo. The Wii Message Board could be updated real-time by a game like "".

People that bought the Wii Speak microphone were able to use the Wii Speak Channel. They could access one of four rooms (with no limit in these rooms). Every person's avatar was their Mii, which lip syncs their words. People were also able to send voice messages to other people via the Wii Message Board. The Wii Speak Channel was first released on December 5, 2008 in both North America and Europe. "" was one of the few games that used the peripheral. 

The first Wi-Fi games were "Mario Kart DS" and "Tony Hawk's American Sk8land" for the Nintendo DS. Mario Kart DS released on November 14, 2005, and Tony Hawk's American Sk8land released on November 16, 2005. Some notable games that used the service include "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl", "Pokémon Black and White" and "Pokémon Black 2 and White 2", "", and "."

The Nintendo DS has a wireless adapter built in allowing the DS to access the internet by a wireless network. The DS only supports WEP.

The Wii has a wireless adapter built in. The Wii supports security protocols WEP, WPA, and WPA2. The Wii can also be connected by a ethernet cable (with an adapter).

If there isn't a compatible Wi-Fi network, the DS and Wii can connect through the Nintendo Wi-Fi USB Connector. People were able to buy it from the Nintendo Online Store. The product has been discontinued since.

Nintendo made deals with hotspot providers to allow free access for Nintendo DS users. In 2005, Nintendo made an agreement with Wayport, Inc. to provide access in McDonald's restaurants across the U.S. In Canada, Nintendo had partnered with FatPort to create free hotspots.

Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection was discontinued on May 20, 2014. The shutdown is caused by Gamespy's closing. The Wii Shop Channel has been discontinued as of January 31st 2019, 6:00 PM UK time. People can continue to download the Wii U Transfer Tool and to download "The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword Save Data Update Channel" to update the game due to a glitch.

Wiimmfi, is a replacement service for Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection had opened 10 days before the shutdown. They first only supported Mario Kart Wii, but now support over 500 games.

RiiConnect24 restores WiiConnect24 functionality.


The Fratellis

The Fratellis are a Scottish indie rock band from Glasgow. They have released a #2 album on the United Kingdom album chart, one top ten album as well as three top 10 singles. They have also made a live DVD called "Edgy In Brixton".

Minority (song)

"Minority" was the first single from Green Day's album, "Warning". It was at #1 on the Modern Rock chart in late 2000.


AU Single:

7":
<br>Side A.

"Side B."

Warning (Green Day song)

"Warning" is a single from Green Day's 2000 album "Warning". It is the title track of the album. 

CD 1:

CD 2:

Warning / Minority AU Single:

7" Adeline:
Side A.

"Side B."

7" Reprise:
Side A.

"Side B."

Nice Guys Finish Last

"Nice Guys Finish Last" was a single released by the American punk band Green Day's fifth album "Nimrod". 

AU Single:

Hitchin' a Ride (Green Day song)

"Hitchin' a Ride" was the first single that American punk band Green Day released from their album "Nimrod" in 1997.


Proteus

Proteus (; Ancient Greek: Πρωτεύς, "Prōteus") is a sea-god or god of rivers and oceans In Greek mythology. It is one of several gods which Homer calls the "Old Man of the Sea" "(halios gerôn)". 

Proteus can change form, and only answers those who can capture him. From this comes the adjective protean, meaning "versatile", "changeable", or "capable of assuming many forms". "Protean" suggests flexibility, versatility and adaptability.

Crosby, Stills, Nash &amp; Young

Crosby, Stills & Nash (CSN) was an American folk rock supergroup made up of David Crosby, Stephen Stills and Graham Nash. They are known as Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young (CSNY) when joined by occasional fourth member Neil Young, who is from Canada.

Their songs include "Marrakesh Express", "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes", "Teach Your Children", "Ohio" (a protest song, against the Kent State shootings in early 1970), and "Just A Song Before I Go".

In the 1960s, Stephen Stills and Neil Young were members of another band, called Buffalo Springfield. Crosby was a founding member of The Byrds, and British-born Graham Nash was a member of The Hollies. Crosby was fired from the Byrds late in 1967, and the Buffalo Springfield disbanded the next year. Nash went to California, where the others lived and worked, when the Hollies visited there in 1968. Nash and Crosby had met earlier in England, and got back in touch in California. Crosby and Stills had worked together on two songs, called "Wooden Ships" and "You Don't Have To Cry". Performing "You Don't Have To Cry" for Nash, he joined in on harmonies, and the three noticed they had a special sound together. Nash moved to California, and the three formed a band. They signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records.

Stills and Crosby were free to work together, and record for Atlantic, but Nash still belonged to the Hollies, who had a contract with Epic Records. A trade was worked out, between Atlantic and Epic. In exchange for losing Nash, Epic Records got to sign up another Atlantic band, Poco, formed by Richie Furay from the Buffalo Springfield.

CSN's first album was released in the spring of 1969, and quickly became a hit. The cover showed Crosby, Stills and Nash sitting on a couch outside an abandoned house. (They did not sit in their name order; they had not yet named the group. When they decided on their name, they wanted to take another picture sitting in order, but the house had already been torn down.) Stephen Stills had played most of the instruments on the album, with Dallas Taylor playing drums. This worked fine for recordings, but not for live appearances. More musicians were needed. A keyboardist and bass guitarist were hired.

Atlantic Records president Ahmet Ertegün suggested Neil Young, who now had his own band called Crazy Horse, as another guitarist for the group. Stills wasn't sure if Young would work out, but gave him a chance. He fit in so well that CSN made him a full-time member, and added his name to theirs. Young was able to both play with CSN, and keep his own place with Crazy Horse. Their second show as a quartet was at the Woodstock Festival, in August 1969. They toured for the next several months, and released a second album, "Déjà Vu", early the next year. They made another performing tour, to support the album, which was also a huge hit.

The group was very successful, but its members had many different ideas, and could not always work well together. Tension grew between them, and they nearly disbanded. Young left to return to Crazy Horse, and tour with them on his own. Each of the four recorded a solo album during 1971, though, and each album became a hit. Nash and Crosby toured together, and Stills formed another band, called Manassas, with Chris Hillman of the Byrds. Another round of solo and duo albums was released during 1972, with Young's "Harvest" and its single "Heart Of Gold" becoming the biggest hits. Albums by the other members were not as successful, though they still sold well. Crosby and Nash got along very well, and worked together as a duo, while Stills joined Young and Crazy Horse to record Young's "War Song". Crosby also rejoined the Byrds, but the album they recorded together, "Byrds", was not a hit.

The four tried to reunite in Hawaii during 1973 to make a new album, "Human Highway", but things did not work out. Finally the next year, they reformed and started another tour, with a compilation album, "So Far", issued to give them something new to promote. Their shows ran longer than three hours, and there was sometimes trouble. Stills was abusing cocaine, and it made him hard to get along with. The same old tensions also came back. A new CSN&Y project was dashed when Stills and Young erased Crosby and Nash's vocals from the master tapes. Crosby and Nash went off on their own. Stills and Young formed The Stills/Young Band, and released an album, but even that did not work out.

Stills and Young toured together during 1975 and 1976. In July 1976, Young left suddenly between shows, sending Stills a telegram that expressed his unhappiness, and told Stills to "Eat a peach." Stills and Young each had to complete tour dates separately. Meanwhile, Nash and Crosby kept recording and performing together. They also sang background vocals for other artists, including James Taylor ("Mexico") and Joni Mitchell ("Free Man In Paris").

During one of their shows, Crosby and Nash were joined onstage by Stills, to perform "Teach Your Children". The three worked things out, and reformed their trio. "CSN" was released in 1977, and "Just A Song Before I Go" became a new hit single.

In the next years, the trio worked together off and on, and also as solo artists. Young's music had become very different from that of the other band members, and he mostly worked with Crazy Horse, but he did collaborate now and then with CSN. Crosby had his own cocaine problems during the 1980s, and ended up serving a prison sentence. He was able to stop abusing cocaine, as Stills had earlier. CSN's later songs included "Wasted On The Way". Nash rejoined the Hollies for a reunion album in 1984, and played shows with them, but the reunion was not a success.

CSN played in Berlin, Germany at the time the Berlin Wall was torn down, at the end of the 1980s. They also played shows during the 1990s and early 2000s, and their 2000 tour was called the "CSNY2K" tour. They recorded other albums, but they were not nearly the hits their early ones had been, and they worked with outside writers, instead of writing all their own songs. Atlantic Records cancelled their contract.

Crosby, Stills and Nash still work together and apart, with Crosby and Nash having the longest and strongest partnership. Neil Young continues on as a solo artist, with and without Crazy Horse, exploring many different kinds of music.


Sphenodontia

The Sphenodontia is a diverse group of reptile. It includes only one living genus, the tuatara ("Sphenodon"). An alternative name for the order is the Rhynchocephalia. 

They are an offshoot from the evolutionary line leading to the lizards and snakes. They had many families during the late Triassic and Jurassic periods but then declined. They are now are the least successful of the lepidosaurs. 

The only surviving member today is the New Zealand tuatara.

Marat Safin

Marat Safin is a retired professional tennis player from Russia. He was once ranked number 1 in the world. In 2000 and 2005, Safin won the US Open and the Australian Open, respectively. In 2002 and 2004, Safin played in the last round of the Australian Open, but lost. In 2008, Safin became the first Russian man to play in the semifinals in the Wimbledon Championships.

Born to a Tatar family, he learned tennis in Spain when he was a teenager.

Lleyton Hewitt

Lleyton Glynn Hewitt (born 24 February 1981) is an Australian former tennis player. He was born in Adelaide, South Australia. His father is retired Australian rules footballer Glynn Hewitt (born 1953).

Hewitt was ranked the No.1 in the world and was the youngest ever male player to reach this rank. He played for Australia in the Davis Cup. In August 2000, the Australian Government gave him the Australian Sports Medal. Hewitt won the US Open in 2001 and the Wimbledon Championships in 2002.

This table shows Hewitt's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.

Redundant (song)

Redundant is a single by Green Day.

Brad Fitzpatrick

Bradley Joseph Fitzpatrick (born February 5, 1980) is an American programmer. He is best known as the creator of LiveJournal.


Zillertal

The Zillertal is the biggest valley branching off the Inntal in Tyrol, Austria drained by the river Ziller. It is surrounded by the strongly glaciated Zillertaler Alpen to the south and east, the lower grass peaks of the Kitzbüheler Alpen to the east and Tuxer Alpen to the west. The largest settlement is Mayrhofen.

The Zillertal is particularly renowned for its musical tradition. For instance, several families of travelling singers and organ builders from the valley have been credited with spreading the Christmas carol "Silent Night" across the world during the 19th and early 20th centuries. More recently, the Schürzenjäger band have had tremendous success in German-speaking countries with their crossover mix of "Volksmusik" and pop.

David IV of Georgia

David IV, also known as David II or David III, or David the Builder (Georgian: დავით აღმაშენებელი, "Davit Aghmashenebeli") (1073 – January 24, 1125), from the House of Bagrationi, was King of Georgia from 1089 to 1125.

Pope Victor III

Pope Victor III (; 1026-September 16, 1087), born Dauferius or Daufar, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 159th Pope from 1086 until his death in 1087.

Dauferius was born in the Lombardy region of Italy. 

When Dauferius became a Benedictine monk, he took the name Desiderius. He became the abbot of Monte Cassino.

In 1059, Abbot Desiderius was made a cardinal by Pope Stephen IX.

Despite frail health, he was elected pope in 1086.

In 1887, Victor was beatified by Pope Leo XIII.



Oklahoma (disambiguation)

Oklahoma is a state in the United States of America.

Oklahoma could also mean:

Polo

Polo is a sport. It is played between two teams of 4 players on horses, which are called polo ponies. The players try to score goals (points) by putting the ball in the goal. They use long mallets (long sticks). Polo was originally invented in Baltistan and later spread across the world by the British.

According to Austro-Hungarian ethnographic researcher Charles de Ujfalvy, Polo was originally invented in the country of Baltis in Baltistan (modern-day Pakistan). The word "Polo" itself is a Balti word which means Ball in the Balti language. Various forms of Polo, and similar sports, have been long played, traditionally, throughout a wide range covering Assam and Manipur areas of India, Kashmir, Nepal and Tibet, and the other valleys of Pakistan such as Gilgit, Hunza, and Chitral District and parts of Central Asia as well. In ancient Persia, "Chavgan", another form of Polo, was also played. It was only in the mid-19th century that colonial officers in British India began to play this sport and imported it to Britain, where the formal Hurlingham Rules were then laid down. Later, in the 1890s, Polo was also introduced to the United States.

There are two teams both with 4 players. They play on a field which is 300 yards long (about 275 meters) and 160 or 200 yards wide (about 146 and 183 meters). There are goalposts (long sticks in the ground) 8 yards (7.32 meters) apart at each end of the field. To score, the ball has to go between the other team's goalposts, which is called a goal.

The game is 4, 6 or 8 periods (units of time) of 7 minutes, which are called "chukkas". Between chukkas, players change ponies.

In a game there are 2 umpires on horses and a referee on the side.

Players are given a foul if they break the rules. These rules keep the horses and riders safe. One rule in polo is called the "line of the ball" or just the "line". The "line" is an invisible line between the ball and the player that has the ball. A player has the ball if they are the closest to make a play on the ball. The "line" is in the same direction as this player is traveling and extends as far as the player is able to safely stop their horse. If another player crosses the "line" (that is, if another player runs in front of the player who has the ball), they will receive a foul. This is a common foul because it is sometimes difficult for a player to tell where the invisible "line" is.

A common defensive play in polo is called "hooking". A player may hook an opponent by using their mallet to block an opponent's mallet while the opponent tries to hit the ball. Sometimes it is unsafe for a player to hook their opponent. As an example, reaching over or under the opponent's horse to make a hook is considered unsafe. An unsafe hook will cause the player to foul. If a player cannot safely hook their opponent, they may instead use a different defensive play called a "ride-off". A "ride-off" happens when a player uses their horse to push an opponent's horse away from the "line". This makes it difficult for the opponent to make a play on the ball. If the player crosses the line while trying to ride off their opponent, they will receive a foul.

If a player makes a foul, the opponent may get a penalty shot. Penalty shots are made near the goal and other players cannot block the penalty shot.

Each player has certain responsibilities:

The ponies are 14.2 to 16 hands (1 hand equals 4 inches or 10.16 centimetres). They weigh between 900 and 1100lbs-pounds- (about 408 and 499 kilos). Ponies can be ridden to play from the age of 5 up to 18 or even 20 years old sometimes. Polo ponies are not actually ponies because they are full-sized horses. Thoroughbreds are a common horse breed to use as polo ponies because they are fast and agile.

The players have a helmet (hard hat), riding boots, white trousers, a shirt with the player's number on. Sometimes players also have one or two gloves, knee-pads and a whip.

The ball is made of plastic. Before, it was made of wood. The ball is about 3¼ inches (8.3 centimetres) in diameter and weighs about four ounces (113.4 grams).

Polo saddles are English-style, similar to jumping saddles.

Polo mallets are used to hit the ball. Their shape is similar to normal mallets, but they are much longer. The shaft of the mallet is usually made of bamboo and the head is usually made of wood. Players hit the ball with the side of the mallet rather than the front.

Polo is not always played on ponies. Canoe polo, cycle polo, camel polo, elephant polo, golf cart polo, Segway polo, BMX polo, yak polo and water polo also exist. However most of these forms are not played at a professional level.



Word processor

A word processor is a computer program (often a text editor) or a special computer intended to edit texts with colours and different font sizes and styles, or texts which will be printed.

Most such programs now have helpful instruments (tools) to make good texts. Important instruments include spelling & grammar checker, word count (this also counts letters and lines). Moreover, with such programs one can make attractive documents, add pictures into documents, make webpages, graphs etc. Also, they show synonyms (similar words) of words and some can read the text aloud. Many word processors, similar to many new programs, have configurable printing facilities. Some of the more versatile ones are called Desktop publishing programs.

Examples include:

Atari Jaguar

The Atari Jaguar was a video game machine released by Atari in 1993. It was not a successful product and was Atari's last console. It also had a CD-based accessory called the Atari Jaguar CD.

The Atari Jaguar was sold at about the same time as the PlayStation, Sega Saturn and Nintendo 64, but it was not very popular as it did not have as many popular games as these other consoles. The graphics of Atari Jaguar games look a lot like the Sega Genesis, Sega Mega Drive or SNES games as it did not run 3D games as well as the Sega Saturn or PlayStation.

Google Picasa

Picasa is a software application for organizing and editing photos. It was first created by Idealab. The name "Picasa" is a blend of the last name of Spanish painter Pablo Picasso, the phrase "mi casa" for "my house" and "pic" for pictures. In July 2004, Google purchased Picasa and began offering it as a free download.

There was a version for Windows XP and Windows Vista, as well as a version for Linux. For Windows 98 and Windows Me, only an older version was available. There was also an iPhoto plugin or program for uploading photos available for Mac OS X 10.4 and later.

On February 12, 2016, Google announced it was "Moving on from Picasa" and the Picasa desktop application would be discontinued on March 15, 2016. Google stated that the primary reason for retiring Picasa was that it wanted to focus its efforts "entirely on a single photos service" the cross-platform, web-based Google Photos. 

Picasa Web Albums (PWA) was a photo-sharing web application created by Google and was similar to websites such as Flickr and . Picasa Web Albums was first announced on June 6, 2006. When introduced, it came with 250 MB free space. On March 7, 2007, it was upgraded to 1GB.

Users with accounts at Google could store and share 1GB of photos for free. Users were able to purchase more storage space with these plans:

Users could upload pictures and videos by using either a web interface, through Picasa 2.5.0 or later on Microsoft Windows, using the Exporter for iPhoto, the Aperture to Picasa Web Albums plug-in, or Uploader on Mac OS X, or F-Spot on Linux.

No ads were shown on Picasa Web Albums in either the free or paid accounts. The Terms of Service allowed Google to use the uploaded photos and videos to display on the website or via RSS feeds, and also for promoting Google services without needing to pay the users.

On February 12, 2016, Google announced they would retire Picasa Web Albums (also called Picasaweb) so they could focus entirely on a single photo service called Google Photos. The retirement of Picasa Web Albums was effective on August 1, 2016. All photos and videos formerly in Picasa Web Albums were moved by Google to an archived platform called Album Archive.

There are no versions of Picasa for Windows 95 or NT. The latest version offered for Windows 98/ME is 2.0.0 Build 18.84. The latest version for Windows 2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7 is 3.9 Build 141.259.
See also version 2 release notes and version 3 release notes 


Picasa for Mac was launched in 2008. A plugin was available for iPhoto to upload to the Picasa Web Albums hosting service. There was also a standalone Picasa Web Albums uploading tools for OS X 10.4 or later. Using Darwine or similar compatibility layers, however, Picasa can run on Mac OS X.

Failure

A failure (fail, or flop) is where a goal or mission is not completed. It can mean the opposite of success.

A commercial failure is a product that does not complete a goal.

Most of the items listed below had high expectations, but failed to be successful.


Product failure can be the failure to sell the product, or a problem with the product that may stop it from working after a while, or lead to the person using the product hurting themselves. The Edsel, a brand from Ford that was marketed in the late 50’s is one of the best known product failures and became closely associated with them. 

People who take tests or examinations will pass the test if they are successful. If they are unsuccessful they "fail" the test.

Telecommunication

Telecommunication (from two words, "tele" meaning 'from far distances' and "communication" meaning to share information) is the assisted transmission of signals over a distance for the purpose of communication. In earlier times, this may have involved the use of smoke signals, drums, semaphore, flags, or a mirror to flash sunlight. Starting with the telegraph, telecommunication typically involves the use of electronic transmitters such as the telephone, television, radio, optical fiber and computer.

Jim Keltner

Jim Keltner is an American musician (drummer). His career began in the early 1960s, playing at recording sessions for other musicians, and even for bands, including Gary Lewis and the Playboys.

Keltner played on recordings by members of The Beatles, after they disbanded. He and Ringo Starr played drums as a team during George Harrison's Concert for Bangladesh in 1971, and got along well. Keltner even played drums on some of Starr's solo records, and Starr was thought of as one of the best drummers in rock and roll music.

John Lennon counted on Keltner to play drums on his solo records, when Starr was not available. In 1973, he helped Lennon's wife Yoko Ono put a band together to record and tour with her.

Keltner toured the United States with George Harrison during 1974. He told Harrison he did not want to be paid to play on the tour. Harrison wanted to give him something for his work. Keltner was tired of driving his old car, so Harrison bought him a new Mercedes-Benz, as payment.

While Keltner had played for many artists and bands, he had never been a member of a band, until Little Village formed in the late 1980s.

Autopackage

Autopackage is a free computer programme aimed at making it simple to create other programs that can be installed on all Linux distributions.
Right now, the only operating system to include Autopackage is Super Ubuntu 


Marcy Levy

Marcella "Marcy" Levy (born June 21, 1952 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American musician and singer (soprano). She is well-known both under her real name, and as Marcella Detroit.

As Marcy Levy, she was a member of Eric Clapton's band in the 1970s, and wrote the song "Lay Down Sally", which was a hit for Clapton. She also sang with Randy Meisner and the Silverados in the early 1980s. She later moved to England, and renamed herself after her hometown.

As Marcella Detroit, she was a member of Shakespear's Sister, a duo with former Bananarama member Siobhan Fahey. They recorded two albums together, and several of the songs from the albums became hits. The two split during the recording of the third Shakespear's Sister album, in the mid-1990s.

She began a solo career as Marcella Detroit, but later went back to her original name. She appeared as an angel in "Absolutely Fabulous: The Last Shout".

Mastering (audio)

Mastering is the process of moving audio from recording device to the storage device. All copies after that are made from the master copy. Master recordings (usually called just "masters") can be made on discs, tapes, and computer data storage formats.

A multitrack master is an original multitrack recording, which may be worked on over time. This may have four, eight, sixteen or more tracks. This kind of recording cannot be played on an ordinary machine, and needs a special machine to be played or recorded.

Multitrack recordings are mixed when they are finished, into a mono (monaural), stereo, or Surround Sound recording. This is called a mixed master. Copies of the mixed master can be played on an ordinary machine.

Master recordings are often valuable, especially if the recording artist is popular. Most masters are owned by record companies, but many artists and bands own their own master recordings, or are able to buy them later.

Recordings are sometimes remastered, to copy them to another format, or to make them sound better. Digital recording allows for older analog recordings to be "cleaned up", and preserved.

National League East

The National League East is a division in the MLB. All of the teams are on the east coast of the U.S. In 2007, 2008, and 2009, the Phillies won the division; they also won the 2008 World Series. The NL East is known as one of the toughest divisions in the MLB.


Major League Baseball All-Star Game

In Major League Baseball, the All-Star Game is the game between the best players from the American League (AL) and the National League (NL). The game is held in July of each season. From 2003 to 2016, The winner of the game got home field advantage in the World Series. Prior to that, home field advantage alternated every year between the two leagues. Starting in 2017, the pennant winner with the better regular season record now gets home field advantage in the World Series. As of 2023, the American League has won 47 times, and the National League has won 44 times. There have been two ties.

Cognate

A cognate is a word from the same as another word. Cognates are words that have a common origin (). They may happen in a language or in a group of languages.

Example One:

Example Two:

The general rule is that cognates have similar meanings and are derived from the same root (origin). A fine example is the word for night in almost all Indo-European languages:

"nuit" (French), "noche" (Spanish), "Nacht" (German), "nacht" (Dutch), "nag" (Afrikaans), "nicht" (Scots), "natt" (Swedish, Norwegian), "nat" (Danish), "nátt" (Faroese), "nótt" (Icelandic), "noc" (Czech, Slovak, Polish), ночь, "noch" (Russian), ноќ, "noć" (Macedonian), нощ, "nosht" (Bulgarian), "ніч", "nich" (Ukrainian), "ноч", "noch"/"noč" (Belarusian), "noč" (Slovene), "noć" (Bosnian, Serbian, Croatian), νύξ, "nyx" (Ancient Greek, "νύχτα"/"nychta" in Modern Greek), "nox/nocte" (Latin), "nakt-" (Sanskrit), "natë" (Albanian), "nos" (Welsh), "nueche" (Asturian), "noite" (Portuguese and Galician), "notte" (Italian), "nit" (Catalan), "nuèch/nuèit" (Occitan), "noapte" (Romanian), "nakts" (Latvian), "naktis" (Lithuanian) and "Naach" (Colognian), all meaning "night" and being derived from the Proto-Indo-European nókʷts ("night").

Basic English uses cognates, such as animal, attention, night, apparatus, experience, brother, invention, metal, etc.

The word 'cognate' is derived from the Latin word 'cognatus' meaning 'to be born with'.

In reading Churchill's "History of the English Speaking Peoples", it would be well to keep in mind (remember) what George Bernard Shaw says: "England and America are two countries divided by a common language."

Speakers of British English and American English face the problem of meeting "false friends".

As a rule, similar-sounding words have the same meaning but when they do not, they are called "false friends".

Example one: Spanish 'actual' and English 'actual' are cognates because they have the same root (origin) but they are "false friends" because Spanish 'actual' means "of the present moment" while English 'actual' means "real".

Example two: German 'hell', Norwegian 'hell' and English 'hell' are not cognates, but are spelled the same. In German, 'hell' means 'light' and in Norwegian it means 'luck', while in English it means hell.

Sometimes, two words look alike and it appears that they are cognates but they are not because they are not derived from the same root.

Example one: In the English language, the word 'light' (something that makes things visible) is not a cognate of the word 'light' (not heavy) because they are not derived from the same root.

Example two: The German word 'haben' and the English word '' mean the same thing and they appear to be cognates but they are not simply because they are not derived from the same root.

Example three: The Japanese word 'okiru' 起きる and the English word 'occur' have the same thing happening as example two.


Wireless router

A wireless router allows the user of computers and other electronic devices to connect to a computer network using Wi-Fi.


Glyptodon

Glyptodon is a genus of glyptodont. It is part of the placental group of mammals known as Xenarthra. This order of mammals includes anteaters, tree sloths, extinct ground sloths, extinct pampatheres, and armadillos.

"Glyptodon" came from South America. A related genus, "Glyptotherium", first appeared in the south-west of the modern USA about 2.5 million years ago as a result of the Great American Interchange.

These herbivores (plant-eaters) would not have been vulnerable to the Sparassodont carnivores of the day. The native human population in their range is believed to have hunted them and used the shells for shelter in bad weather.


Stegodon

Stegodon is a genus of extinct elephant. They lived from the late Miocene to the late Pleistocene.

Fossils are found in Asian and African strata dating from the late Miocene. They lived in large parts of Asia, East and Central Africa and North America during the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs. 

Some "Stegodon" species were among the largest of all elephants. Some adults were 13 feet (4 m) high at the shoulder and 26 feet (8 m) long, not including 10 feet (3m) long nearly straight tusks. A few were much smaller, living on islands.

The teeth of "Stegodon" show that it was mainly a browser. As time passed, grassland increasingly took the place of forests, and browsers were at something of a disadvantage. No doubt, they were also hunted by early man.

Bakhshali

Bakhshali is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°17'0N 72°9'0E and has a height of 307 metres (1010 ft).

The village is famous for being the place where the Bakhshali manuscript was found. This is an ancient mathematical work written on birch bark and is the oldest surviving document in South Asia of Indian mathematics. It was discovered in 1881 during British rule by a tenant of Mian An-Wan-Udin, a police inspector. The tenant discovered it while he was digging in an abandoned building.

In March 2007 there were attacks made on music shops in Bakhshali. Two people were injured and one was killed in attacks by an unidentified extremist group who attacked the bazaar shooting and killing the watchman of the Seven Stars music centre.

In August 2007 the people of Bakhshali observed a strike against power cuts. They blocked the main Mardan to Bakshali road in protest. The protectors said that the power cuts were harming business and their children's studies. The village has also been affected by violence between the Taliban and the government; on 24 January 2008 the militants attacked the vehicle of former Health minister Syed Kamal Shah injuring his guard. The rebels have also been pressuring local people to stop listening to music as well launching bomb attacks in the area.

On 15 August a meeting of elders in Mardan decided to set up anti-Taliban group similar to one that has been stated in neighbouring Buner District. According to Shakoor Khan, an elder from Bakhshali who attended the meeting, "Before the Taliban resorts to torching more schools, we have decided to resist them".


Birch bark

Birch bark or birchbark is usually the bark of the paper birch tree or sometimes of similar trees such as gray (wire) birch.

Birch bark is useful because it is strong and water-resistant. It is similar in some ways to cardboard. And can be easily cut, bent and sewn. Because of this it has been very valuable for building, crafting, and writing material ever since ancient times. Birch bark also contains substances that are used in medicines and chemicals.

Birch bark was valuable throughout the world where birch trees were available:


Birch bark is can also be used as a tinder. It is very good tinder as the inner layers will stay dry even through heavy rainstorms. To make birch bark useless as tinder, it must be soaked in water for a very long time.



Bakhshali manuscript

The Bakhshali Manuscript is a mathematical manuscript written on birch bark. It was found in 1881 near the village of Bakhshali in what was then the North-West Frontier Province of British India (now Pakistan). Most of the manuscript is missing, only seventy leaves of birch bark remain.

No-one knows how old it is and different scholars have come up with different dates. Most scholars agree that the manuscript is a copy of a more ancient text. 


Bazaar

bazaar is an Persian word which can be also seen in other languages like and . bazaar is an area that is always used for shopping. It can be a market place or a street of shops where things are exchanged or sold. 

The word bazaar is from the Persian word "bāzār", this word itself comes from the Pahlavi word "baha-char" (بهاچار), meaning "the place of prices". Although the meaning of the word "bazaar" started in Persia, it has spread and is now used in many countries around world. 

The world's biggest bazaar is the Grand Bazaar, Tehran, other well-known ones are the Grand Bazaar in Istanbul, the Old Bazaar in Cairo, the Chandni Chowk in Delhi or the Anarkali Bazar in Lahore. Very often, banks, or moneylenders, cafes and mosques can also be found in a bazaar.



Alo, Mardan

Alo is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has a height of 406 metres (1335 feet).

Graham Nash

Graham William Nash OBE (born 2 February 1942 in Blackpool, England) is an English musician, singer and songwriter. He was a founding member of The Hollies, but left that band to form Crosby, Stills & Nash with David Crosby and Stephen Stills. He moved to California to be part of the new group, which Neil Young also joined later.

While Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young broke apart and came back together many times, Nash has almost always worked with David Crosby since the 1960s.

Nash became an American citizen in 1978. Besides music, he is also a talented photographer, and collector of photographs. Nash was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).

Babini

Babini is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Babozai

Babozai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°50'0N 72°8'0E and has a height of 1754 metres (5757 feet).

Bala Garhi

Bala Garhi is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°14'0N 72°9'0E and has a height of 302 metres (994 feet).

Chamtar

Chamtar is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°10'47N 71°59'2E and has a height of 286 metres (941 feet).

Charguli

Charguli is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°19'0N 72°14'0E and has a height of 342 metres (1125 feet).

Dagai

Dagai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Dheri

Dheri is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 

Garhi Daulatzai

Garhi Daulatzai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°12'0N 72°10'0E and has height of 294 metres (967 feet).

Garhi Ismail Zai

Garhi Ismail Zai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°12'0N 72°10'0E and has a height of 294 metres (967 feet).

Garyala

Garyala is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°16'0N 72°13'0E and has a height of 317 metres (1043 feet).

Gujar Garhi

Gujar Garhi is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°14'0N 72°1'0E and has a height of 298m (980 feet).

Hathian

Hathian is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°23'35N 71°55'0E and has an altitude of 372m (1223 feet).

Lund Khwar

Lund Khwar, is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°23'22N 71°58'51E with a height of 371 metres (1220 feet). Lund Khwar means "the ever flowing stream (or brook)". The village was founded in the 12th century by Yousafzai and Khattak tribesmen. 

Muslimabad (Mardan)

Muslimabad or Muslim Abad is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°23'0N 71°54'5E and has a height of 379 metres (1246 feet).

Rustam, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Rustam is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°21'0N 72°17'0E and has a height of .

Shamozai

Shamozai is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°23'0N 72°8'0E and has a height of 713m (2342 feet).

Saro Shah

Saro Shah or Sari is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°14'9N 71°54'30E and has a height of 316 metres (1040 feet).

Takkar

Takkar is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°17'18N 71°53'50E and has a height of 338m (1112 feet).

Toru, Mardan

Toru is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°9'0N 72°6'0E and has a height of 291m (958 feet).

University of Bologna

The University of Bologna is the oldest university in the world in continuous operation. It was founded in Bologna, Italy in about 1088.

The university received a charter from Frederick I Barbarossa in 1158. In the 19th century, a committee of historians traced the founding of the University back to 1088. If so, it is the oldest continuous university in the world. That is slightly earlier than the University of Oxford, where there is evidence of teaching in 1096.

Bologna was also the first to use the term "universitas" for the corporation of students and masters which make up a university.

In the Middle Ages, the University of Bologna was famous in all Europe for its schools of humanities and law.

The poets Dante and Petrarca studied at this university. Called officially "Alma mater studiorum", the university is an institution for students of both sexes, supported by the state. It offers courses in arts, law, medicine, pharmacy, mathematics, engineering, agronomy, veterinary medicine and pedagogy. The Italian semiologist and writer Umberto Eco was the Chair of semiotics at the university. The former prime minister of Italy, Romano Prodi, is a professor in the Department of Economics.


University of Warsaw

The University of Warsaw (Polish "Uniwersytet Warszawski") is the largest university in Poland. The chancellor (rector) of the university is Marcin Pałys.

The "Royal University of Warsaw" was established in 1816, when the parts of Poland were separated in Warsaw, from the academic (i.e. associated with higher education) centre of Cracow more ancient and influential. The School of Law and the School of Medicine had been established first time in the Duchy of Warsaw. In 1816, Alexander I had permitted the Polish authorities to create a university, with five faculties: Law and Administration, Medicine, Philosophy, Theology, and Arts and Humanities. Soon there were 800 students and 50 professors. 

However, after students and professors took part in the November Uprising of 1830, the university was closed by the Russians.


E-cigarette

An electronic cigarette (or e-cigarette, e-cig), also known as a vape, is a cigarette substitute. It gives small amounts of the chemical nicotine without the tobacco or other chemicals from real cigarettes. 

The main substances making up in the liquid in the e-cigarettes are nicotine, propylene glycol, glycerin and some flavors or smells. Using an e-cigarette is known as "vaping".

An E-cigarette is made of 3 parts:

The e-liquid (propylene glycol and/or glycerin) is heated to make a vapour which looks like the smoke from real cigarettes. This caries the nicotine to the lungs where it is absorbed.

As of 2015, 3 generations of "electonic cigarettes" are known:

The modern electronic cigarette was invented by Hon Lik (regarded as the 'father of the electronic cigarette'), a Chinese pharmacist and inventor. Hon had himself quit smoking, after his father, also a heavy smoker, had died of lung cancer. Hon patented the modern e-cigarette design in 2003, and starting selling it domestically. Many versions made their way to the U.S., sold mostly over the Internet by small marketing firms.

However, many US and Chinese e-cig manufacturers copied his designs illegally, and as a result Hon Lik did not get the expected financial rewards for his invention (although some US manufacturers have recompensated him through out of court settlements).

In 2008, this attracted the attention of the World Health Organization ("WHO") who said that these e-cigarettes were not proper nicotine replacement therapy and that this mis-information had to be taken away from any sites or advertisements saying that they were.

Starting 2012 Tobacco companies also want a piece of E-Cigarette-cake and work on their own products. Marlboro goes for heating tobacco, Philip Morris tests a fizz-like method while British American Tobacco tries a medical-like inhaler. Many big tobacco companies didn't do their own research or stopped at some point. Instead they bought smaller e-cig companies to enter the market.

These devices have a battery powered heating element and tank that contains a liquid solution made by combining nicotine, vegetable glycol or propylene glycol and flavorings. The gadget that can be bought in a variety of shapes and sizes usually resembles a pen or a regular cigarette, and it works like a vaporizer. The liquid used in e-cigs is commonly made of propylene glycol, glycerin, distilled water, artificial (fake) flavors and optionally nicotine. It often tastes like tobacco, fruit, mint/menthol or sweets.

In 2017, the TRPR (Tobacco and Related Products Regulations), which was a revised interpretation of the EU Commission's TPD (Tobacco Products Directive), came into effect in the UK. This piece of legislation aimed to ensure the safety of vape products include vape kits and included the limitations of nicotine-containing e-liquid bottles to 10ml, vape tank sizes to 2ml as well as nicotine strength of e-liquid to a maximum of 20mg. Current UK laws state the sale of e-cigarettes and e-liquids is legal to over 18s only, but many shops allow minors over the age of 12 to purchase nicotine-free e-liquid as all the ingredients in it are safe compared to nicotine e-liquid. Technically it is illegal for a minor to purchase any vaping products or any items associated with e-cigarettes but it is perfectly legal for a minor to use an e-cigarette, nicotine or nicotine-free. These are UK laws only.

Many countries are not approving electronic cigarettes as a less harmful alternative to traditional cigarettes. 
The sale of tobacco cigarettes with flavor (except menthol) has been stopped in some countries but not yet in Europe or the USA. 
The EU is testing if the product is bad to the health and safety of persons in general. They are also researching if electronic cigarettes can be called a medical product. In 2009 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was provided authority by Congress to ban all sales of cigarettes with flavors, except menthol.

Because many countries are not sure if electronic cigarettes are a medical product, each country has their own opinion and rules on e-cigarettes.

Health institutions are more and more interested in E-cigarettes because they are much cheaper than smoking regular ones, making them popular alternative. In the United States of America, individual states have different rules on use and sale of electronic cigarettes.

Apart from medical reasons e-cigarettes have also been banned in airport and other high population-density public places due to a number of incidents where they have been a cause of fire.

The United Kingdom are one of few countries to have government support for electronic cigarettes and e-liquids. Specifically, the NHS recommend e-cigarettes as a less harmful alternative to smoking

In Australia vapes are legal but is publicly recommended not to use electronic cigarettes. Such advertisements are "vape truths" also known as "puff or pass" which is displayed on advertisements on social media platforms and public broadcasting television. Western Australia has no laws limiting the sale of vapes to underage minors, and nicotine laws regarding vape pens. 

New Zealand has a Vaping Regulatory Authority to manage the sale of electronic cigarettes. 

4. https://www.health.gov.au/health-topics/smoking-and-tobacco/about-smoking-and-tobacco/about-e-cigarettes updated 11 august 2021. 

Great Pyramid of Giza

The Great Pyramid of Giza is a huge pyramid built by the Ancient Egyptians. It stand 18.4 km from Cairo, Egypt. It is the oldest of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, and the only one to remain mostly intact. When it was built it was 146.5 metres (481 feet) tall. It was the tallest building in the world for over 3,800 years. Erosion and other causes have shrunk it to 138.8 metres. The pyramid was built for Khufu, an Egyptian pharaoh. It was perhaps built by Khufu's vizier, Hemiunu. It is believed that it took about 20 years to build, and was completed around 2570 BC.

When it was built, the Great Pyramid was covered by white stones that formed a smooth outer surface. Some of these stones can still be seen around the base. Most of what can be seen of the pyramid now is its basic core 2,300,000 blocks of limestone and granite. There have been many different theories to explain how the pyramid was built. Most accepted building ideas are based on the idea of moving huge stones from a quarry and dragging and lifting them into place. Archaeologists found that the Pyramids of Giza were not built by slaves, but workers who were paid for working. Their graves were found near the pyramid in 1990. 

There are three known rooms, or chambers, inside the Great Pyramid. The lowest chamber is cut into the rock on which the pyramid was built. This chamber was not finished. The other two chambers are higher up inside the pyramid. They are called the Queen's Chamber and the King's Chamber, but these are modern labels as we do not know how the Egyptians were going to use them. The Great Pyramid has two passages, one leading up, and the other down. It is the only Egyptian pyramid to have the two passages.

The Great Pyramid is part of a group of buildings, called the Giza Necropolis. This includes two mortuary temples in honour of Khufu. One is close to the pyramid and one near the Nile. There are three smaller pyramids for Khufu's wives. Other buildings include an even smaller "satellite" pyramid, and a raised causeway which joins the two temples. There are other tombs, called mastaba, probably for other important people.

.hack

.hack (pronounced "dot-hack") is a Japanese multimedia franchise.


Radio:Active

Radio:Active (typeset as Radio:ACTIVE) is the fourth album by British pop rock band McFly. It is the band's first album with their new label Super Records. They created this label after they left Island Records. The first single from the album is "One for the Radio".

On 24 June 2008, McFly said that they would give "Radio:Active" free with the newspaper "The Mail on Sunday" on 20 July 2008. They released a second single on 15 September 2008 called "Lies" which is also on the album. The deluxe edition has four extra songs, a bonus DVD and a 32-page booklet. McFly released this on 22 September 2008.



Townsend Records

Premier League (disambiguation)

A Premier League is normally a league in sports at the top of the league system.

Premier League may refer to:

in Basketball

in Cricket:

in Football:


in Rugby league:

in Speedway:

Surf rock

Surf rock is a kind of rock music. It started in the USA in the 1950s. As the name suggests surf rock had a strong relationship to the sport of surfing. 
The Beach Boys are an example of a band that play surf rock. Much of the surf-rock that exists is instrumental and guitar-based. This instrumental music tends to include up-front echoey guitars, usually those made by Fender. The most famous surf-rock guitarist, Dick Dale is well known for the track Misirlou.

Cigarettes and Valentines

Cigarettes and Valentines was going to be an album by Green Day. It was recorded in the summer of 2003, but after making 20 tracks, the master tapes were stolen from the studio. The band was upset so decided not to try to re-create the stolen album, but instead started on a new album that they vowed would be even better than before. The new album was "American Idiot".

The "Cigarettes and Valentines" album was rumoured to have been secretly released as "Money Money 2020" by The Network. The Network is a band that contains all the Green Day members under different names. Billie Joe (a member of Green Day) has gone on record admitting that The Network is Green Day's side project. However he also said that "Money Money 2020" is not "Cigarettes and Valentines".

The Silmarillion

The Silmarillion is a book written by J. R. R. Tolkien. It was first published posthumously (after Tolkien was dead) in 1977, edited by his son Christopher Tolkien. "The Silmarillion" is set in Tolkien's world Middle-earth, and is about its early history before "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". 

The name "Silmarillion" can mean the published book (as in "The Silmarillion"), but it can also mean all the stories from the First Age of Middle-earth (the "Quenta Silmarillion").

The published "The Silmarillion" has five parts:

Shipping Forecast

The Shipping Forecast is a weather forecast covering the sea around the United Kingdom and Ireland. It has been broadcast four times a day on BBC Radio 4 since the 1920s.
The Met Office, the UK meteorological centre, produces it for the Maritime Coastguard Agency. The forecast talks about lots of places, starting with "Viking" in the northeast and going clockwise around the British coastline until it reaches "Southeast Iceland" in the northwest. Sometimes the names are changed to keep them the same as in other countries. It is one of the first items on Radio 4 each day, and has been referenced in many poems and songs, including a poem by Seamus Heaney and a song by the British band, Blur ("This is a Low").

There is a strict set of rules (a protocol) on how the forecast is written, and it has a limit of 370 words. It is always said in the same way and is around 9 minutes long. The language of the forecast is hard to understand unless the listener understands how the rules work. For example: People listening to the forecast who know the protocol can understand it as "In the English Channel, there are strong winds, followed by a stronger wind in less than twelve hours time with some light rain, but good visibility". The numbers refer to the Beaufort Scale of wind strength. "Imminent" means within 6 hours, "soon" between 6 and 12, and "later" meaning after 12 hours. There are lots of other jargon used in the Shipping Forecast.

An instrumental piece of music, "Sailing By", is played before the 00:45 broadcast of the Shipping Forecast. It acts as a buffer between the news bulletin and the Shipping Forecast, in order to make the Shipping Forecast play at exactly the same time each day. This gives the Radio 4 controllers leeway if the programming of Radio 4 is running late. There was an outcry when it was temporarily taken off air for two years in 1993. "Sailing By" was written by Ronald Binge, in 1962 a light music composer.

The Shipping Forecast is broadcast in many different ways, most famously, on the radio. BBC Radio 4, the radio station that the Forecast is broadcast from three times a day, can be listened to as far away as Denmark, or can be listened to anywhere in the world via the BBC's website. 
An updated Shipping Forecast is broadcast six times a day from three Navtex transmitters placed strategically around the coast of the United Kingdom, giving information on the areas near to the transmitter. The three transmitters are called Cullercoats, Niton and Portpatrick, after the places they are at. Navtex is a type of radio communication that sends a message to a receiver that picks it up and changes it into text, like to a mobiles' text message. The Navtex messages can be received up to 270 miles offshore. Navtex is an acronym for NAVigational TEXt messages. Major areas of general Navtex coverage include the Mediterranean Sea, the North Sea, Japan and the coasts of North America. Navtex is one of the more common ways of receiving the Shipping Forecast when off-shore.

The Maritime Coastguard Agency sends messages every three hours from their sixteen stations that are located by the coast. They also send important navigational notices and a forecast that is for the area. The "Maritime Safety Information" broadcast includes a part of the Shipping Forecast, specific for the area in question.

There are several related forecasts that are similar to the Shipping Forecast. The High Seas Forecast is similar to the Shipping Forecast in format and protocol, but is about the North Atlantic ocean, or 'Met Area 1'. It can be seen on Radio 4's website. It is also split into lots of areas, and some of them have the same name as in the Shipping Forecast.

Read the Shipping Forecast] 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/coast_and_sea/shipping_forecast

The Mail on Sunday

The Mail on Sunday is a British newspaper. Over six million people read it every week. It was first published in 1982 by Lord Northcliffe. It sells the second biggest amount of Sunday newspapers in Britain after"The News of the World". The Daily Mail was launched nearly a century before(1896) and is The Mail on Sunday's "sister paper".

They are both owned by Associated Newspapers, but the editorial staff are completely separate.

"The Mail on Sunday" was first launched on 2 May 1982, to go with the "Daily Mail". The first story ever printed on the front page was the "RAF's bombing of Port Stanley airport in the Falklands". The Daily Mail and General Trust(DMGT)came up with some tough targets for the paper to reach. Initially DMGT wanted to sell 1.25 million copies a week. But the launch of The Mail on Sunday was not a success. After six weeks, sales were only around 700,000 copies.

Lord Rothermere then brought in the "Daily Mail"'s editor David English (later Sir David). He helped redesign and re-launch The Mail on Sunday. In the first three and a half months, Sir David managed to stop the fall in sales. The circulation then increased to 840,000. Three new sections were introduced:
Today (2008)the circulation is around 2.3 million, an increase of more than 1.5 million.

The newspaper's reputation developed thanks to Stewart Steven. Its circulation grew from around 1 million to almost 2 million during his time in charge. The editor who followed him was Jonathan Holborow and the current editor is Peter Wright.



PackageKit

PackageKit is a free group of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems. PackageKit was made by Richard Hughes.

Advanced Packaging Tool

The Advanced packaging tool, or APT, is a user interface that works with core libraries to handle the sometimes difficult job of installing software on Linux.


APT

APT may refer to:

APTonCD

APTonCD is a tool for backing up software that can create one or more ISOs, CDs or DVDs with all of the software the user downloaded via APT-GET or APTITUDE, so it can be used on other computers.

APTonCD will also allow the user to automatically create media with all of the .deb packages in one place, so that the user can install them into other computers without the need for an internet connection.


Synaptic Package Manager

Synaptic is a computer program which is a GTK+ graphical user interface front-end to the Advanced Packaging Tool for the Debian package management system. Synaptic is usually used on systems based on deb packages but can also be used on systems based on RPM packages. It can be used to install, remove and upgrade software packages and to add repositories.

StartUp-Manager

StartUp-Manager is a program to configure GRUB, Splash and Splashy.
It was originally an Ubuntu project, but was later adapted to Debian.


Manacor

Manacor is a town and a municipality on the island of Majorca. It is well known for its artificial pearls but also for its furniture manufacture. 25.324 people live in the town. Manacor's municipality has 35.908 people, including Manacor (25.324), Porto Cristo (6.385), S'Illot-Cala Morland (1.576), Son Macià (839), Cales de Mallorca (725), Cala Murada (624), Cala Anguila-Cala Mendia (296), S'Estany den Mas (139). Miguel Ángel Nadal as well as his nephew Rafael Nadal were born in Manacor.

Miguel Ángel Nadal

Miguel Ángel Nadal (born July 28 1966 in Manacor, Majorca) is a former Spanish football player. He played as a defender or a midfielder. He played for Mallorca from 1986 to 1991 and for Barcelona from 1991 until 1999 where he was nicknamed "The Beast of Barcelona". He also played for the Spain national team earning 62 caps, and played in three world cups (1994, 1998, 2002). He returned to Mallorca in 1999 until 2005 when he retired.

He is Rafael Nadal's uncle and his brother is "Rafa's" coach, Toni Nadal.

494||38
494||38

!Total||62||3

With Barcelona he won:

With Mallorca he won:

Fetch! With Ruff Ruffman

Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman is a reality children's television program that is shown on PBS. It is hosted by an animated dog, Ruff Ruffman, who gives out challenges to the six kids competing on the program.
The series aired for five seasons and 100 episodes from May 29, 2006, to November 4, 2010 on PBS, with over 30 contestants by that time. Although a sixth season was planned for early 2011, with auditions taking place in January 2010, WGBH announced on June 14, 2010, that due to a lack of funding, the series would end. It previously aired reruns on the 24 hour PBS Kids Channel from January 16, 2017 until November 20, 2018.
All 5 seasons are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video and PlayStation Vue.
In June 2008, the series received it's first Emmy for Best Original Song for it's theme.
Below is a list of Ruff Ruffman games.

Hamster Run is a game that was released on October 10, 2017, and is meant for hamster lovers.
There are millions of hamsters in this game.
Ruff's Cookie Creator is a game that was released on September 28, 2017 and is for anyone.
There are three customers in Ruff's Cookie Creator, those include Scruff Ruffman, Glen Ruffman, and Grandma Ruffman. Ruff's Cookie Creator can be played on Android, IOS, Fire OS, and PC.

There have been so many spinoffs of Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman.
Later, in May 2014, a brand new spin-off was announced, called "Ruff Ruffman: Humble Media Genius". This spin-off debuted in Fall 2014 and features short animations of Ruff Ruffman, focusing on how to be safe on the internet.
Episodes:
On July 30, 2017, PBS Kids and WGBH announced that Ruff Ruffman along with his two assistants Blossom and Chet would be making a comeback in a brand new digital series called The Ruff Ruffman Show, where they answer questions from real kids, take on challenges and learns the value of perseverance—all while modeling science inquiry skills. The digital series premiered on September 28, 2017, and ran until October 20, 2017 on PBSKids.org and YouTube, with one season and 22 episodes.
It also teaches children certain science inquiry skills. The topics on the show that are featured include building new things, materials, sports, and kitchen science.

On December 28, 2020, a brand new web series called Team Hamster! premiered. It is a spin-off focusing on Ruff Ruffman's hamsters - Sadie, Mateo, and Tasha. The series also ties-in with games on the PBS Kids website.

WGBH and Global Mechanic had originally announced plans to produce a spin-off of "Fetch!" based on the online game "Spyhounds". It was going to feature Ruff, Blossom, and Chet having a brand new career as super-spies, and Ruff is in "way" over his head. Luckily, he has much help: five clever kids, a purple poodle named Trixie, and millions of kids online. The spinoff plans were announced but were later canceled for unknown reasons.

On July 21, 2022, WGBH and Jim Conroy released "FetchTok", a TikTok-based challenge where Ruff (voiced again by Conroy) asks all the viewers to record themselves performing his challenges and posting them on the app.

Production of Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman began in 2004. It started under the name of "Hot Seat" with the tile character named "Hot Seat".
The name would later be changed to "Hot Spot" in 2005, until the name would later be changed to Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman.
It was announced that Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman DVDs would be released in the near future, however those plans were canceled.

African wild dog

The African wild dog or painted dog ("Lycaon pictus") is a carnivorous mammal of the Canidae family. In past centuries it had a wide distribution in Africa.

The African wild dog is very social, living in packs. They hunt antelopes, which they catch by chasing them to exhaustion. Like other canids, the African wild dog regurgitates food for its young, and other adults. Their natural enemies are lions and hyenas: the lions kill the canids where possible; hyenas frequently steal their kills.

Luna Sea

Luna Sea is a Japanese rock band, formed in Kanagawa in 1989. They were a very successful band during the 1990s. They stopped playing in 2000 but got together again in 2007, and again in 2008. They had a reunion world tour in 2010.





Roger Bresnahan

Roger Philip Bresnahan (June 11, 1879 – December 4, 1944), nicknamed "The Duke of Tralee" for his Irish roots, was an American Major League Baseball player who played catcher and a player-manager.

Over My Head (Cable Car)

Over My Head (Cable car) is the debut single by rock band The Fray off the hit album How to Save a Life (album). The single was released September of 2005. 

The video ranked close to number one various times since the release of the single. The music video was actually shot in a High School in Denver, Colorado. 

In the Brazilian Hot 100, "Cable Car" was ranked #5, "World Singles" ranked the song #24, "U.S. Adult Top 40" ranked it #2, and "U.S. Top 40 Mainstream" ranked it #5.


Look After You

"Look After You" is the 4th hit single by the rock band The Fray. The song was released in the United States in January of 2007 and in the United Kingdom in August of 2007.


Isaac Slade

Isaac Slade (born May 26, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter. He is a member of the rock band called The Fray. He has released several albums with the band "The Fray" including "How to Save a Life" and "Live at the Electric Factory". He records and performs more of a piano rock and acoustic. Singles include "How to Save a Life", "Look After You", and "Cable Car".

All at Once

All at Once is known to be the 5th single off the album "How to Save a Life" by the rock band The Fray.

The song is not originally famous for anything but being on airplay in the U.S. area.

The video was premiered on VH1's VSpot Top 20 Countdown. The video reached at #6 on VH1 and #20 on the "Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks".

Singles

Partition editor

Partition editor, partitioner, and partitioning utility are all names for computer programs used to view, create, change, and delete disk partitions on a computer storage device, most commonly a hard disk, but also a USB flash drive or other storage medium.

A "partition" is a section or segment of the space on a storage device. By partitioning a large device into several partitions it is possible to isolate various types of data from one another, and allow the coexistence of two or more operating systems simultaneously.

Partition editors can come in many different forms. Command line tools such as diskpart in Windows and fdisk or parted in Linux offer accurate control of partition editing. Graphical tools like Disk Management in Windows and GParted or KDE Partition Manager allow for use by less skilled users.


GParted

GParted is a computer program used for working on partitions. It can create, delete, move, copy, check and change the size of paretitions. It is also used with the file systems on the partitions. Thi program is useful for creating space for new operating systems. It works with Vista System & Data partitions. It can also be used to reorganizing disk usage, copy data on hard disks and mirroring one partition with another (disk imaging).

Acoustic

Acoustic may mean:

In science:

In music:

Warfare

Other:

Skull Ring

Skull Ring is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop.


Jesus of Suburbia

"Jesus of Suburbia was the fifth and final single to be released from Green Day's seventh studio album, "American Idiot". 

Australian single:

10" vinyl:<br>
Side A

Side B

National Bowl

The National Bowl is a entertainment venue in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It can hold up to 65,000 people.


Kerrang!

Kerrang! is a weekly rock magazine in the United Kingdom. It is made by Bauer Consumer Media.


Bullet in a Bible

Bullet in a Bible is a live CD, DVD and UMD release by Green Day. It was issued on November 15, 2005.

People's Choice Awards

The People's Choice Awards is an awards show recognizing the people and the work of popular culture. The show has been held every year since 1975 and is voted on by regular people. The People's Choice Awards air on CBS and are produced by Procter & Gamble and Mark Burnett. Global promotion is handled by Kroszover Entertainment.

The award show's creator, Bob Stivers, made the first show in 1975. The first awards recognized "The Sting" as 1974's Favorite Picture, Barbra Streisand as the year's Favorite Film Actress, and John Wayne as its Favorite Film Actor. Ratings for the show peaked in 1977, when the 3rd People's Choice Awards attracted 35.3 million viewers who saw Farrah Fawcett-Majors win for Favorite Female TV Star, "" win as the Favorite Picture, and Streisand and Wayne win again in the Film Actress and Actor categories.

Procter & Gamble, the show's first and only sponsor, bought the show from Stivers in 1982.

In 2008, the "People's Choice Awards" introduced a new category: Favorite Sci-Fi Show. The nominees were "Stargate Atlantis", "Battlestar Galactica", and "Doctor Who". The winner was "Stargate Atlantis." 

The award categories have changed over the years. For example, the 16th People's Choice Awards had categories including Favorite All-Around Movie ("Batman"), and both a Favorite Movie Actor (Tom Cruise) and a World Favorite Movie Actor (Dustin Hoffman). At the 23rd People's Choice Awards, Rob Reiner was named the People's Choice Awards Honoree. More recently, the 32nd People's Choice Awards (shown in January 2006) included categories such as Favorite On-Screen Match-Up (Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson in "Wedding Crashers"), Favorite Leading Lady (Reese Witherspoon), Favorite Tour (U2), and an award named after a Procter & Gamble brand: Nice 'n Easy Fans Favorite Hair (Faith Hill).

In the 20th century, the awards were based on results from Gallup polls. Each year, Gallup took a survey of different categories for favorite actor, actress, movie, artist, television show or group. There was no limit on who or what could be chosen. The public could choose whomever or whatever it liked. The results of the annual survey were announced in the form of the "People's Choice Awards".

Since polls have margins of error, many years' awards have had ties in at least one category, when Gallup declared that the voting was so close that a single winner could not be chosen. For example, in 2003, both "Spider-Man" and "" were recognized as Favorite Motion Picture.

The winners of the 31st People's Choice Awards (shown January 9, 2005) were decided by online voting rather than Gallup polls. The nominees submitted for Internet voting were picked using an unpublished process involving editors at "Entertainment Weekly", the show's production team, and a group of pop culture fans.

The nominees for the 32nd People's Choice Awards were picked by web research company Knowledge Networks, which took what it described as a nationally representative sample of men and women ages 18 to 54, with and without Internet access, to come up with the nominees after being presented with a list of candidates determined by national ratings averages, box office grosses and album sales, and they had the option to write in their favorites. Knowledge Networks picks these people by calling them and gives a Web TV and Internet access to people without Internet access so they can see what other people think.

The nominees for the 2010 People's Choice Awards were determined by media research company Visible Measures, which specializes in measuring Internet Video audience behavior. They used a program called True Reach to find out people's reactions to online videos.

In 1988, Nickelodeon created the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, a children's version of the People's Choice Awards. Though they have similar names, the two shows are owned by different companies. Also similar but unrelated is the Teen Choice Awards.


The Pretender (Foo Fighters song)

"The Pretender" is the first single from the Foo Fighters' 2007 album "Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace".




It's Been Awhile

"It's Been Awhile" is a song by American alternative metal band Staind. The song was released in March 20, 2001. It was the first single on their third studio album "Break the Cycle".

On the "Billboard" charts, "It's Been Awhile" was able to peak at #5 on Hot 100, #1 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, #1 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks, #3 on the Top 40 Mainstream, #6 on the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks, and at #4 on the Top 40 Tracks charts.


Scar Tissue

"Scar Tissue" is the first single from the American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers' seventh album "Californication".

Hysteria

Hysteria is when someone has a very strong emotion that is unmanageable. Often, this means a very strong sense of fear. When someone has hysteria, it is called "hysterics". Hysteria could be caused by traumatic events in a person's life.

Today, many psychiatrists and other doctors do not use the word "hysteria" for a patient. They use other words that have the same meaning. Some of the words they may use are "psychosomatic", "functional", "nonorganic", "psychogenic", or "medically unexplained".

One of the conditions of hysteria may be Histrionic personality disorder.

Theme (music)

In music, a theme is the beginning or main melody. It is usually familiar sounding and able to be recognized when it is heard.

From that beginning part of the music, variations can be played as the composition is developed or put together.


Our Band Could Be Your Life

Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981-1991 is a book by Michael Azerrad (). The book tells about the history of 13 alternative rock bands, including Sonic Youth, Fugazi, Minor Threat and Hüsker Du.

Spin (magazine)

Spin was a music magazine that competed with the leading magazine "Rolling Stone". Bob Guccione, Jr. created the magazine in 1985 and sold it to Miller Publishing in 1997. In February 2006, Miller Publishing sold the magazine for less than US$5 million to a San Francisco-based company called the McEvoy Group LLC. That company formed Spin Media LLC as a holding company. The new owners replaced the editor-in-chief Sia Michel with Andy Pemberton, who was once an editor at "Blender". The first issue to be published once he took over was the July 2006 issue—sent to the printer in May 2006—which had Beyoncé on the cover. Pemberton left "Spin" in June 2006. The current editor-in-chief is Doug Brod, who was executive editor from May 2003, and became editor-in-chief in January 2007. The magazine stopped being made in 2012.


Jane's Addiction

Jane's Addiction is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band started in 1985. The band first broke up in 1991, and created the Lollapalooza tour. The band spent some time touring in 1997, before reuniting in 2001. They then broke up again in 2004. In 2008 they got together again. The band's members are currently vocalist Perry Farrell, bassist Eric Avery, guitarist Dave Navarro and drummer Stephen Perkins. As well as alternative rock, the band have been described as art rock and hard rock.

Performance

A performance, in performing arts, generally comprises an event in which one group of people (the performer or performers) behave in a particular way for another group of people (the audience). 

In dance a group of people will usually go on stage to perform for the audience.

Blitzkrieg Bop

"Blitzkrieg Pop" is the debut single by Ramones and is the leading track from their debut studio album "Ramones" which was released two months later. The song is about World War II.

We're a Happy Family

We're a Happy Family – A Tribute To Ramones is a tribute album by various artists as a tribute to the Ramones.

Ronnie Blake

Ronnie Blake (born May 23, 1972) is a trumpeter from Fullerton, California. He has played with many well known musicians including Aaliyah, Ben Harper, Dr Dre, and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy. Blake has also toured with Green Day.

Jason White (musician)

Jason White (born November 11, 1973 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American guitarist who has played in many punk rock bands. He plays for punk rock band Green Day.

Jason Freese

Jason Jeremy Freese (born January 12, 1975 in Orange County, California) is an American singer, musician and record producer. He plays piano/keyboard, guitar, tenor saxophone, accordion, trombone, and sings backing vocals for Green Day when the band tours.

Gabrial McNair

Gabrial "Gabe" McNair (born September 8, 1973) is an American musician and composer. He is a multi-instrumentalist. This means he plays many different instruments.

Petra Haden

Petra Haden (born October 11, 1971, in New York City) is an American violinist and singer.




Stephen Bradley

Stephen Reid Bradley (born August 23, 1972 in Richmond, California) is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, photographer, and videographer. He is best known as the trumpet and keyboardist in the band No Doubt. He has toured with acts like Greenday, Smashing Pumpkins, and Steel Pulse.

Bradley was born in Oakland,CA.Growing up in Richmond,CA,Bradley was first exposed to music by his mother Janice,and his Uncle Jerley.She played piano in the house, and encouraged Stephen to practice the Trumpet,when he took it up at age 13.Bradley continued to become more serious about music at El Cerrito High School,playing in the Jazz Ensemble,and the Symphonic Band.

During high school,Bradley performed with fellow high school friends in a band called Private Culture.Modeled after The Police,they played local Bay Area clubs in the late 80's early 90's.On one of these shows, they opened for No Doubt in Berkeley, California.Thats was the first time Bradley was introduced to the band.

Bradley would go on to play with another Bay Area band called Dizzybam,which was a funk/rock/rap band from Oakland,CA.Bradley would be re-introduced to No Doubt by Dizzybam bassist and co-founder Kerry James.James and Tony Kanal(No Doubt)were friends, and Kanal reached out to James about finding a trumpet player to fill in for a Bay Area show at The Great American Music Hall(San Francisco).Bradley preformed the show, and was later asked to go on the road with No Doubt to play a leg of the inaugural 'Warped Tour.

Bradley would go on to tour and record with No Doubt until the band discontinued in 2015.

During the time with No Doubt,Bradley also pursued songwriting, and producing.Teaming up with long time friend and multi-instrumentalist David tweedie,the two created the self-titled album Chocolate O'Brian.That experience led to Bradley branching out as a producer, and songwriter.

After living exclusively in the bay area,Bradley relocated to Los Angeles to seek more opportunities in the music business.

In 2015,Bradley released his first solo single/video as a artist,with the release of 'Over and Out'.

He later released an EP called "Runaways',in which he teamed up with fellow songwriter and producer Javan Slagle.Runaways was received well by music critics, and Bradley coincided this with a solo residency at the Skybar in West Hollywood.

In 2018,Bradley teamed up with Steel Pulse guitarist David Elecciri Jr. to record the reggae/pop album 'United We Stand',under the band name 'Valley of the Kings'.

In addition to touring with No Doubt,Bradley has toured with Greenday on their Nimrod tour in the early 2000's.He also toured with Smashing Pumpkins for their 20th anniversary tour.

Bradley toured with Gwen Stefani on her 'Sweet Escape world tour',and is still performing with her currently.

He is also a current touring member of Steel Pulse.

Bradley had also branched out into making music videos, and photography.


Debian Package Maker

Debian Package Maker is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.

The user can manually specify the installation directory and the files to be installed in the target installation directory.

Debian Package Maker will configure the source for the user, compile them and then build a package using the target rules.
configure/autogen.sh scripts and Makefile/rules is required for DPM to automate the whole process for the user.



Deb Creator

Deb Creator is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.


Tarō Asō

Asō, a Roman Catholic, was born in Iizuka in Fukuoka Prefecture on 20 September 1940.

Asō graduated from the Faculty of Politics and Economics at Gakushuin University, and the London School of Economics.




Group velocity

Group velocity is often considered to be the wave velocity at which information travels. Often, this can be seen as the speed at which the envelope of the wave travels.

Polarization

Polarization (also polarisation) is a property of transverse waves. Some waves have motion in another direction as well as the direction of the wave. In water, for instance, the wave will move across the water, but the wave will also move water up and down on the surface. Light waves are similarly transverse waves though they are also particles. Sound waves do not have polarization, since they are longitudinal waves. Polarized sunglasses take advantage of these oscillations.

Light reflected by shiny transparent materials is partly or fully polarized, except when the light is perpendicular to the surface. Polarization was first discovered in 1808 by the mathematician . A polarizing filter, such as a pair of polarizing sunglasses, can be used to observe this effect by rotating the filter while looking through it at the reflection off of a distant horizontal surface. At certain rotation angles, the reflected light will be reduced or eliminated. Polarizing filters remove light polarized at 90° to the filter's polarization axis. If two polarizers are placed atop one another at 90° angles to one another, very little light can pass through both.

Polarization by scattering is observed as light passes through the atmosphere. The scattered light produces the brightness and color in clear skies. This partial polarization of scattered light can be used to darken the sky in photographs, increasing the contrast. This effect is easiest to observe at sunset, on the horizon at a 90° angle from the setting sun. Another easily observed effect is the drastic reduction in brightness of images of the sky and clouds reflected from horizontal surfaces. This is why polarizing filters are often used in sunglasses. Polarizing sunglasses also show rainbow-like patterns caused by color-dependent birefringent effects, for example in toughened glass (e.g., car windows) or items made from transparent plastics. The role played by polarization in the operation of liquid crystal displays (LCDs) is also frequently apparent to the wearer of polarizing sunglasses, which may reduce the contrast or even make the display unreadable.

Polarization of light is useful, after it has been filtered. A filter will separate light with one type of polarization from other types. Most daylight, or light from a light bulb, has a mix of polarizations (lasers are an exception). The filter works much like trying to put a playing card through a comb - only if the card is turned the right direction will it fit. Light that is turned a different way will be blocked by the filter. Liquid crystal displays (LCDs) use this to block light to make letters or numbers on a display. Glasses that have different polarization filters for each eye can separate light meant for the left eye and for the right eye. This is a common way to make 3D movies and 3D television.

In nature sometimes light that bounces off of a surface has the same polarization - this is called 'glare' from a window or water. A polarization filter on a camera will remove this glare to help see through the window or water (or can increase the glare, depending on how it is turned).
The photograph on the right was taken through polarizing sunglasses and through the rear window of a car. Light from the sky is reflected by the windshield of the other car at an angle, making it mostly horizontally polarized. The rear window is made of tempered glass. Stress from heat treatment of the glass alters the polarization of light passing through it, like a wave plate. Without this effect, the sunglasses would block the horizontally polarized light reflected from the other car's window. The stress in the rear window, however, changes some of the horizontally polarized light into vertically polarized light that can pass through the glasses. As a result, the regular pattern of the heat treatment becomes visible.

Other electromagnetic waves also have polarization, but it can happen in different ways.

General polarization: Some waves can be described by having the electric field perpendicular to the direction of the wave, and these are called TE (transverse electric) waves. Others have the magnetic field perpendicular to the direction of the wave, and these are called TM (transverse magnetic) waves. These are the most general types of wave polarization. They can also be called vertical or horizontal polarized waves. If both the electric field and magnetic field are perpendicular to the direction of the wave, the wave is called TEM (transverse electromagnetic). Linear, circular, and elliptical polarizations are specific cases of TEM polarization.

Linear, circular, and elliptical polarizations are three specific types of TEM polarization. They cannot be measured close to an antenna. Far away from an antenna the fields are TEM, so these can be used. They are easy to imagine if you look from at the wave straight on.




Dance, Dance (Fall Out Boy song)

"Dance, Dance" is the second single from Fall Out Boy's third studio album "From Under the Cork Tree". Released in 2006, the single reached #3 in the U.S., becoming their second Top 10 single.

CD #1:

CD #2:

7" vinyl:

The video shows the band performing at a homecoming dance in a high school. The video premiered in October 2006. 



Boys Like Girls (album)

Boys Like Girls is the debut hit album released in 2006 by rock band Boys Like Girls. The album was recorded in 2005-2006. The album has 4 singles.



The album was re-released on November 13, 2007 which contains an acoustic version of "Hero/Heroine" plus live performance videos and photo galleries as part of the enhanced portion of the disc.




This Love (Maroon 5 song)

"This Love" is the second single from rock band Maroon 5's first album "Songs About Jane". A music video for the song was created and is included on the CD version of the single. The single was released 2004.

Now That's What I Call Music!

Now That's What I Call Music (U.S. Series) is an original series of around 30 compilation albums released since 1998. The albums contain the hits or modern music of the latest time period. Most of the songs are singles from various artists. Most of the albums contain anywhere from 18 to 20 tracks.

More recently, there have been numerous different versions of the brand in other parts of the world, including:

Although there is some overlap in content between current releases in different markets, there are also differences such as the inclusion of local hits, and (for example) the single-CD format of the U.S. releases, in contrast with the traditional double-album UK format.






Cedrus deodara

Cedrus deodara (; Hindi, Sanskrit: devadāru; xue song) is a species of cedar trees. It is also known as: Deodar cedar, Himalayan cedar, or Himalayan deodar. 

It is common in the western Himalayas, eastern Afghanistan, northern Pakistan, north-central India (states such as Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand. It is also local to Kashmir, southwesternmost Tibet and western Nepal.

It grows in places that are 1500–3200 m above sea level. It is a large evergreen coniferous tree reaching 40–50 m tall, exceptionally 60 m, with a trunk up to 3m thick. It has a cone-shaped crown with level branches and drooping branchlets.

The leaves are needle-like, mostly 2.5–5 cm long. It occasionally grows up to 7 cm long. It can be very thin (1 mm thick), borne singly on long shoots, and in dense clusters of 20-30 on short shoots. Its colours range from bright green to glaucous blue-green. 

The female cones are barrel-shaped, 7–13 cm long and 5–9 cm broad, and break up when mature (in 12 months) to release the winged seeds. The male cones are 4–6 cm long, and shed their pollen in autumn. 

The Himalayan deodar is the state tree of Indian state of Himachal Pradesh and National tree of Pakistan..

Personal space

Personal space is a concept on psychology and sociology. The concept talks about two people (the "actors"). They have space around them. The closer they are to each other emotionally, the closer an actor will be able to stand to the other, without being intrusive. The concept was introduced by Edward T. Hall in 1966. 

Discomfort results if one actor steps into the personal space of the other, without this being desired. The amount of space a being needs can be classified in two categories:

Hall's spacing models were based on Heini Hediger's 1955 psychological studies of zoo animals.

Reginald Dyer

Brigadier-General Reginald Edward Harry Dyer CB (October 9 1864 – July 23 1927) was a British Indian Army officer responsible for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.

Dyer was born in Murree, in British India, now in Pakistan. He spent his childhood in Shimla and received his early education at the Bishop Cotton School in Shimla. He was born just six years after the Indian Rebellion of 1857. The rebellion was a war that had been fought by some Indians to end British rule. It had been defeated by the British but had created segregation, suspicion and fear between the British and the Indians. Although he had been born after the rebellion had ended, the effects had affected Dyer's life.

Dyer went to Midleton College, County Cork between 1875 and 1881. In 1885 after his time at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst he joined the Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey) as a Lieutenant, and served in riot control duties in Belfast (1886) and the Third Burmese War (1886–87). He then joined the British Indian Army. First joining the Bengal Staff Corps as a Lieutenant in 1887 and being part of the 39th Bengal Infantry, and then joining the 29th Punjabis.

During his time with the 29th Punjabis he fought in the Black Mountain campaign of 1888, the relief (battle) of Chitral in 1895. And was promoted to Captain in 1896. In 1901 he became Deputy Assistant Adjutant General. and then fought in the Mahsud blockade between 1901 and 1902.

Dyer then joined the 25th Punjabis where he served in the Zakha Khel Expedition (1908). He was in charge of the 25th Punjabis in India and Hong Kong and was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel in 1910.

During World War I (1914–18), he was in charge of the Seistan Force. and made a Companion of the Bath (CB). He was promoted Colonel in 1915, and was made a temporary Brigadier-General in 1916.

In 1919, about a month after the Amritsar killings, in the Third Anglo-Afghan War, his Brigade relieved the garrison of Thal. He retired on 17 July 1920, having become a Colonel.

In 1919 the British population of Punjab feared a plot by the Indians to overthrow British rule. There was talk of mutiny and of death threats to Europeans. Sir Michael O'Dwyer, the Lieutenant-Governor of Punjab, decided to deport Indians from Punjab who were leading protests against the British.

One person who was targeted was Dr. Satyapal, who was in the Army Medical Services during World War I. He was in favour of non-violent civil disobedience and was stopped from speaking in public. Another person was Dr. Kitchlew, a Muslim barrister who wanted political change and was non-violent. The Deputy Commissioner, Miles Irving, did not know much about these two people. Both men were arrested because Irving suspected them of trying to rebel against the British.

Their arrest led to demonstrations by the people of Punjab. Crowds gathered in all public places demanding a release of the two men. Army troops panicked and opened fire on a bridge across a railway line, causing several deaths. This resulted in a mob which returned to the city centre. More army troops arrived to stop more demonstrations.

The mobs sought out Europeans in the city. On April 9 1919, Miss Marcella Sherwood, who worked at the Mission Day School for Girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools. She was attacked by the mob in a narrow street and was beaten and left wounded. She was rescued by local Indians who hid her from the mob and moved her to the fort. This attack on a lady angered Dyer, who was in command of troops in Jullundur.

Brigadier Dyer is infamous for the orders which he gave on April 13 1919 in Amritsar. It was under his command that 90 troops, made up of 25 Gurkhas, 25 Pathans and Baluch, all armed with .303 Lee-Enfield rifles and the Gurkhas who were with "khukris" opened fire on a gathering of unarmed civilians, including women and children gathered at the Jallianwalla Bagh in what came to be later known as the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.

The civilians had arrived at Jallianwala Bagh to join the yearly Baisakhi celebrations which are both a religious as well as a cultural festival of the Punjabis. The Bagh had an area of 6–7 acres and had walls all around. The walls had ever small entrances which only a few people could go through.

Dyer ordered the troops to fire directly at the crowd of people; they kept shooting until they ran out of bullets (1650 rounds). The shooting lasted for about 10 minutes.

During the ten minutes of shooting, Dyer kept checking how the troops were shooting. He ordered the soldiers to shoot where most of the people were. He did this not because the crowd was slow to leave, but because he wanted to "punish them" for being there.

Some of the soldiers at first fired in the air instead of at the people. When they did this General Dyer shouted: "Fire low. What have you been brought here for?."

Later Dyer's himself was to admit that the crowd was not given any warning to leave. He said he did not feel sorry for ordering his troops to fire.

The British army reported 379 dead say it over 1000 dead. According to a Home Political Deposit report, the number was over 1,000, with more than 1,200 wounded. Dr. Smith, a British civil surgeon at Amritsar, said there were over 1800 casualties. Because of the large numbers of people killed and injured, general Dyer became known as "The Butcher of Amritsar" in India.

Brigadier Dyer sent soldiers to the area where Miss Marcella Sherwood was beaten. He ordered that any Indians wishing to travel through the street (150 yards) had to crawl on all fours. This order also included the people who had rescued her.

Because of this order the street was closed, the houses had no back doors and the people could not go out without climbing down from their roofs. No doctor or supplier was allowed in, resulting in the sick being untended. The order was enforced by a flogging booth set up in the middle of the street.

After the Amritsar massacre, Dyer's health failed and in 1921 he suffered paralysis. He never recovered. He died at Long Ashton, near Bristol, on July 23 1927.

The Morning Post remembered him in articles titled, "The Man Who Saved India" and "He did his Duty". The Westminster Gazette wrote a contrary opinion, "No British action, during the whole course of our history in India, has struck a severer blow to Indian faith in British justice than the massacre at Amritsar, and the attitude of official Anglo-India to it."

The London Gazette

The London Gazette is one of the official records of the British government, and one of the most important in the UK. The "London Gazette" claims to be the oldest surviving English newspaper. It was first published on 7 November 1665. It is not a normal newspaper with typical news stories. The "London Gazette" is still published each weekday, except for Bank Holidays. The Gazette is being put online and records between the years 1752–1998 are online.

The "London Gazette" was first published as the "Oxford Gazette" on 7 November 1665. Charles II and the Royal Court had moved to Oxford to escape the Great Plague of London, and courtiers were unwilling to touch, let alone read, London newspapers for fear of becoming ill. When the King returned to London after the end of the plague the "Gazette" moved too. The first issue of the "London Gazette" (labelled No. 24) was published on 5 February 1666. The "Gazette" was not a newspaper in the modern sense: it was sent in manuscript by post to subscribers. It was not printed for sale to the general public.

In time of war, dispatches from the various conflicts are published in the "London Gazette". People referred to are said to have been mentioned in despatches. When members of the armed forces are promoted, and these promotions are published here, the person is said to have been “gazetted”.

Being "gazetted" (or "in the gazette") sometimes also meant becoming bankrupt. Notices of engagement and marriage also used to be published in the "Gazette".


Fabales

Fabales is an order of flowering plants. It is included in the rosid group of the eudicots in the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group II classification system. Under the Cronquist system and some other plant classification systems, the order Fabales contains only the family Fabaceae. The other families treated in the Fabales by the APG II classification were placed in separate orders by Cronquist, the Polygalaceae within its own order, the Polygalales, and the Quillajaceae and Surianaceae within the Rosales.

Google Chrome

Google Chrome is a freeware web browser made by Google. It builds on parts from other open source software, including WebKit and Mozilla Firefox. 
The name comes from the graphical user interface frame, or "chrome", of web browsers. The open source project behind Google Chrome is known as "Chromium."

The first version was a beta for Microsoft Windows was released on September 2, 2008. macOS and Linux versions were released in December 2009.

The release announcement was going to be made on September 3, 2008, and a comic by Scott McCloud was to be sent to journalists and bloggers explaining the features of and reasons for the new browser. Copies that were for Europe were shipped early and German blogger Philipp Lenssen of Google Blogoscoped made a scanned copy of the 38-page comic available on his website after receiving it on September 1, 2008. Google then made the comic available on Google Books and their website and referenced it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release. As of September 2, 2008, Google has a link to Google Chrome on their main page.






The main user interface includes back, forward, refresh, bookmark, go and cancel options similar to Safari browser, while the settings location looks like Internet Explorer 7/8. The minimize, maximize and close window buttons are based on Windows Vista









Polish Academy of Sciences

The Polish Academy of Sciences (Polish: "Polska Akademia Nauk", in short: "PAN") with seat in Warsaw, is one of the two Polish institutions which have the nature of an academy of sciences.

The Polish Academy of Sciences is an institution of studies of the Polish state, with seat in Warsaw. It had been established in 1952 by the partnership of previous societies of studies, including Polish Academy of Abilities ("Polska Akademia Umiejętności", in short "PAU"), with its seat in Cracow, and the Scientific Society of Warsaw ("Towarzystwo Naukowe Warszawskie") which had been established in the 18th century as Society of Warsaw of the Friends of Sciences ("Warszawskie Towarzystwo Przyjaciół Nauk").

In 1989, the Polish Academy of Abilities, in Cracow, assume again its independent existence, out of the Polish Academy of Sciences, in Warsaw.

The Polish Academy of Sciences funciona as docta society which acts through a chosen corporation of distinguished scholars and of institutions of research. The academy also acts through its committees, creating an important scientific consulting body.





Chinese remainder theorem

The chinese remainder theorem is a theorem from number theory. It is about congruence. The original form was:

The theorem says that there will be a solution to this question if there's no common factor between the row sizes. Using the original example, that is that no number divides both 3 and 7, both 3 and 5, nor both 5 and 7 (except, of course, 1). They're all coprime.

The Chinese remainder theorem is used in cryptography. For example, for the RSA algorithm.


Shorinji kenpo

Shorinji kenpo is the style of kenpo (a kind of martial art). It was created by Nakano Michiomi.

A Japanese with the name Nakano Michiomi - he later changed his name to So Doshin - incorporates his martial art school into his Buddhist teachings. So Doshin said, that he taught martial arts mostly in order to attract young people to Buddhism. Religious societies didn't pay the taxes, and So Doshin probably considered it, too. Until 1972, So Doshin said that he was the 21st grand master of an esoteric northern Shaolin system called Iher Man Thuen. In 1972 he changed his mind because the Japanese court gave an official decision that his style was not Chinese, but a mixture of karate (perhaps Wado-ryu) and jujutsu (perhaps Hakko-ryu). Consequently, the style's name was changed from "Shorinji Kempo," meaning "kung fu of Shaolin Temple," to "Nippon Shorinji Kempo," meaning "Japanese Way of Fist of Shaolin." The students of Nippon Shorinji Kempo have signs of manji on their kimonos, but it is not treated as the symbol of fascism, it signifies happiness in Buddhism.

Riff

In music, a riff is an ostinato; a repeated set of notes, pattern, or melody, often played by rhythmic instruments. The riff is the base of the musical composition. They are most common in rock music, funk, and jazz.

Some of famous riffs in rock music can be found in the following songs:


Stop error screen

A Stop error screen, also called as a Blue screen of death is a screen that a device shows when it has an error it cannot fix and has to stop. These screens are usually called screens of death because the device cannot recover from the error and the operating system or firmware has to close.

The screens are usually color-coded such as a Microsoft Windows computer showing a Black Screen of Death (BSoD) or an Xbox showing a green screen of death when they have errors.

If its settings tell it to, the computer will do a "core dump" and save data to a disk file, or "dump file", for later, to help an expert fix the problem.

These screens are usually caused by problems in device drivers. They can also be caused by hardware errors, such as bad RAM or power supplies, overheating of the inside of the system, or hardware which is run at higher rates than the limits. This is called overclocking.

These errors were in all the Windows operating systems since Windows 3.1.

The first BSODs were seen when starting Windows 1.0 and Windows 2.0, and had random data, mess, shown with a blue screen, hence the name.

The first BSOD that looked like an error was in Windows 3.1. BSODs like that appeared in Windows 95, Windows 98 and Windows ME. These showed an error message with an all-blue screen. The error screen was shown when there was a startup error, or when there was some other error such as an error occurring in a hardware driver file.

When Bill Gates was showing Windows 98 to the public, a BSOD happened. The computer crashed when his assistant, Chris Capossela, connected a scanner to show that Windows 98 could support Plug and Play. Bill Gates responded: "That must be... er... that must be why we're not shipping Windows 98 yet!" 

Beginning with Windows 2000, the BSOD remained an all-blue color, but changed to show more detailed technical information, and also listed a few steps that the user could do to fix the problem causing the BSOD to appear. The same screen was used in Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 7.

Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 uses a lighter blue color for the BSOD, and made the message easier to read. It even added an emoticon of a frowing face. The technical details was replaced with a simple line of text showing the name of the crash error so that the user could look it up on the Internet.
Windows 11 has a black screen of death instead of blue.



Portland Bill

Portland Bill is a peninsula off the south coast of England. It has strong tidal currents. The nearby town of Weymouth was a sailing venue for London 2012.

The Bill is a narrow promontory at the southern end of the Isle of Portland. It is the southernmost point of Dorset, England. One of Portland's most popular destinations is the Portland Bill Lighthouse.

CERN

CERN is a research institute near Geneva, Switzerland. The full name is Organisation Européene pour la Recherche Nucléaire (European Organization for Nuclear Research). The letters "CERN" are left over from the older "Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire" (European Council for Nuclear Research). CERN was founded in 1954. Today 22 nations are members of the organisation. It is the world's biggest laboratory for particle physics. About 2600 people work there full-time, and over 7800 scientists from about 500 universities and research institutes work there in total.

The Large Hadron Collider, the largest particle accelerator in the world, is at CERN.

Onager

The Onager ("Equus hemionus") is a large mammal belonging to the Equidae family. It is native to the deserts of Syria, Iran, Pakistan, Kashmir, Israel and Palestine, and western China. It is sometimes known as the Asian Wild Ass.

Pantropical spotted dolphin

The pantropical spotted dolphin ("Stenella attenuata") is an oceanic dolphin. It is found in all the world's temperate and tropical oceans. The species was beginning to come under threat due to the killing of millions of individuals in tuna purse seines (fishing). The 1980s saw the rise of "dolphin-friendly" tuna capture methods in order to save millions of the species in the eastern Pacific Ocean.

Pilot whale

Pilot whales are two species of oceanic dolphins, whose scientific name is Globicephala. The two types of pilot whales are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale. Their behaviour resembles that of the larger whales more than that of dolphins. 

The two look similar at sea and are usually just known simply as pilot whales or "calderón" in Spanish. They and other large dolphins are also known as blackfish.

Pilot whales can be found nearly worldwide. The long-finned variety prefers colder waters, for example near Antarctica. The short-finned ones can also be found in tropical waters. Pilot whales are highly social animals, they live in groups of 20-30 animals, called "pods". Larger groups of over 100 pilot whales have been observed. Studies suggest that the young remain in the same pod as their parents, which is unusual for mammals. Female short-finned pilot whales go through menopause. Females that no longer reproduce contribute to the survival of the young.

For reasons which are unknown, pilot whales seem to end up stranded on a beach fairly often. 

Pygmy killer whale

The Pygmy Killer Whale ("Feresa attenuata") is a mammal of the oceanic dolphin family. It is small, and rarely seen. Its name is because it shares some features with the Killer Whale. They are not closely related.

The pygmy killer is an average-sized dolphin. It may easily be confused at sea with other species, in particular the melon-headed whale. The body is large and dark-colored. The head is rounded without a beak. The sides are lighter and the belly is often white. Several individuals have been seen with a white lining around the mouth and chin. The dorsal fin is tall.

The pygmy avoids human contact. These dolphins always move in groups. The groups are usually of 10 to 30, but sometimes much larger.

They have been seen attacking, killing and eating other cetacean species such as the Common Dolphin.

Persian Jird

The Persian jird ("Meriones persicus") is a species of rodent in the Muridae family. It is found in Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan.

The Persian jird is about 6 inches long. It has a brush-tipped tail that is slightly longer than the body. They are wild brown with white bellies. 

They live in dry rocky hillsides with little plant life and semi-desert areas. The eat dry plant material and grains, and sometimes small insects.

Persian jirds usually have two litters a year. Each litter has around seven pups.

Some people keep them as a pet. They can live to be six or seven years old. They need large cages that let them climb and leap.

Didgeridoo

The didgeridoo (sometimes didjeridu) is an Australian Aboriginal wind musical instrument. They were used by the Yolgnu people of Arnhem Land. They can be quite long, anywhere from long. Most are around long. The longer the instrument, the lower the pitch or key of the instrument. They are a hollow wooden tube, which can be either cylindrical or conical in shape. It is best described as being a wooden trumpet or drone. Musicologists say it is a brass aerophone.

It is difficult to know when didgeridoos were first used. Studies of rock art in Arnhem Land show that it has been in use for more than 1,500 years. A rock painting in Ginga Wardelirrhmeng, on the northern edge of the Arnhem Land plateau, dates from the freshwater period. It shows a didgeridoo player and two singers playing in a ceremony.

"Didgeridoo" is said to be a word invented in the West, not an Aboriginal word. It may come from the Irish words "dúdaire" or "dúidire". This means 'trumpeter; constant smoker, puffer; long-necked person, eavesdropper; hummer, crooner' and "dubh", meaning "black" (or "duth", meaning "native"). However, this theory is not widely accepted.

The earliest examples of the word in print was in a 1919 issue of Smith's Weekly where it was called an ""infernal didjerry"" which ""produced but one sound - (which sounded like) didjerry, didjerry, didjerry and so on"". It was also used the 1919 "Australian National Dictionary", "The Bulletin" in 1924 and the writings of Herbert Basedow in 1926. There are more than 45 names for this instrument among the Aboriginal people of northern Australia including "Yirdaki". "Yirdaki", also sometimes spelt "yidaki", is for the instrument made and used by the Yolngu people of north-east Arnhem Land.

Aboriginal didgeridoos are made in the traditional communities in Northern Australia or by makers who travel to Central and Northern Australia to get the materials. They are usually made from hardwoods, usually eucalyptus species that are native to the area. Sometimes a native bamboo, such as "Bambusa arnhemica", or pandanus is used. The main trunk of the tree is used, though a big branch may be used instead. Aboriginal makers spend a lot of time looking for a tree that has been hollowed out by termites. If the hollow is too big or too small, it will make a poor quality instrument.

When a tree is found and cut down, the part of trunk or branch that will be made into a didgeridoo is cut out. The bark is taken off, the ends are trimmed, and there is some shaping of the outside. It may be painted or left natural. A rim of beeswax may be put on to the mouthpiece end. Traditional instruments made by Aboriginals in Arnhem Land are sometimes fitted with a 'sugarbag' mouthpiece. This is black beeswax from wild bees and has a its own special smell.

Didgeridoos can also be made from PVC pipes, non-native hard woods (which are split, hollowed and rejoined), fiberglass, metal, agave, clay, hemp (a bioplastic named zelfo), and even carbon fiber. These didgeridoos usually have an upper inside diameter of around 1.25" down to a bell end of anywhere between two to eight inches and have a length made to the needed key. The mouthpiece can be made of beeswax, hardwood or simply sanded and sized by the craftsman. In PVC, rubber stopper with a hole cut into it can be used.

Modern didgeridoo designs are different from the traditional Australian Aboriginal didgeridoo. They are recognized as being a separate instrument. Didgeridoo design changes started in the late 20th century using new materials and different shapes.

A didgeridoo is usually played sitting down because they are so long. It is played with continuously vibrating lips to make the drone while using a special way of breathing called circular breathing. This means a player breathes in through the nose at the same time as pushing air out of the mouth. A skilled player can refill the air in their lungs. With practice, the player can keep a note playing for as long as desired. There are recordings of modern didgeridoo players playing without stopping for more than 40 minutes; Mark Atkins on "Didgeridoo Concerto" (1994) plays for over 50 minutes continuously.

The rhythm of the circular breathing, gives the instrument its readily recognizable sound. Other changes in the didgeridoo's sound can be made by adding vocal sounds to the drone. Most of the sounds are related to the sounds of Australian animals, such as the dingo or the kookaburra. To make these sounds, the players simply have to use their voice to make the sounds of the animals whilst continuing to blow air through the instrument. The results range from very high-pitched sounds to very low sounds. Adding vocal sounds increases the complexity of the playing.

Anthony Baines wrote that the didgeridoo is like "...an aural kaleidoscope of timbres". He also said that the virtuoso skills used by the best performers were unlike those needed on any other instrument.

The didgeridoo was mainly played for ceremonial dancing and singing. It was also common for didgeridoos to be played for entertainment outside of ceremonial life. In northern Australia, the didgeridoo is still a very important as it plays for singers and dancers in surviving cultural ceremonies. Today, most didgeridoo playing is for entertainment in both Indigenous Australian communities and elsewhere around the world.

Pair sticks, sometimes called "clapsticks" or "bilma", set the beat for the songs during ceremonies. The rhythm of the didgeridoo and the beat of the clapsticks use patterns that have been handed down for many generations. Traditionally, only men play the didgeridoo and sing during ceremonies, but both men and women may dance. There were female didgeridoo players, but they did not play in ceremonies and it was not encouraged. Linda Barwick, an ethnomusicologist, says that traditionally women have not played the didgeridoo in ceremony, but in informal situations there is no prohibition in the Dreaming Law. On September 3, 2008, the publisher Harper Collins issued a public apology for its book "The Daring Book for Girls", scheduled to be published in October, which openly encouraged girls to play the instrument.

The didgeridoo is now often used as an instrument in the experimental and avant-garde music scene. Industrial music bands like Test Department- used sounds from this instrument in their performances, linking ecology to industry, influenced by ethnic music and culture.

It has also been an instrument used for the fusion of tribal rhythms with a black metal sound. A music project called Naakhum used the paganism of the Australian tribes and many others as an approach.

Most didgeridoos made today are for souvenir purposes. It is common to find didgeridoos made of non-native timbers, decorated incorrectly by non-indigenous artists with colourful designs or copied dot patterns. These decorations do not use traditional dreamtime stories or designs. These didgeridoos also often vary widely in size and shape, many being thinner and straighter. As a result of the inadequate wood types, shapes and lengths, souvenir didgeridoos can rarely be used as musical instruments.

Decoration of souvenir didgeridoos is often seen by Aboriginal communities as offensive, inappropriate, inadequate, inaccurate and in many cases, misleading. The copying of traditional artwork is also used to sell these didgeridoos to unsuspecting tourists.

A 2005 study in the British Medical Journal found that learning and playing the didgeridoo helped reduce snoring and sleep apnea. It does this by making muscles in the upper airway stronger, and this helps them stay open during sleep. This strengthening happens after the player has learned the circular breathing technique.

Don LaFontaine

Donald LaFontaine (August 26, 1940 – September 1, 2008) was an American voice actor. He had a deep voice. He recorded many movie trailers and television advertisements. He used the well known phrase "in a world...", which has been used in movie trailers many times.


Bungie Studios

Bungie Studios is an American video game developer. They are most famous for developing the award winning Halo series of video games. They also made Destiny. The studio was founded in May 1991 under the name Bungie Software Products Corporation by two students of the University of Chicago, Alex Seropian (Eng.) rus. and Jason Jones (Eng.) rus.. Originally based in Chicago, the company focused mainly on developing games for Macintosh computers and in the first 9 years of its existence created two successful series of games - Marathon and Myth, while Bungie West - a division of Bungie on the West Coast of the United States - was developing Oni games for PC and consoles.

In 2000, Bungie was acquired by Microsoft, and the project, which was in development at that time, was reoriented to the upcoming Microsoft console — Xbox. The game was included in the console's starter game package, and subsequently became the so-called "killer application" of the Xbox platform, selling millions of copies and bringing billions of dollars in profits. Bungie has been releasing Halo series games for several years, but on October 5, 2007, it announced its independence from Microsoft, becoming a private company of Bungie (LLC); at the same time, the rights to Halo remained with Microsoft. In return, Bungie signed a contract with another game publishing company, Activision, in 2010, developing and releasing the multiplayer games Destiny (2014) and Destiny 2 (2017). In 2019, Bungie announced the end of the contract with Activision, expressing its intention to release further Destiny series games independently.

Flamethrower

A flamethrower is a device used to shoot fire. They have been used by the military since the days of Greek fire. Most modern military flamethrowers project flaming liquids. 

Flamethrowers became rare in the 19th century, due to improvements in other weapons. Trench warfare made them more useful again, and the German army began using them in 1915. Flamethrowers were used during World War 2 as a bunker clearing device. Many Axis troops used pillboxes and other small fortifications in Northern France, Germany, and on Pacific Ocean islands. Small fire squads used these weapons to draw them out. Although flamethrowers project flames, burning was not the most common form of death associated with these weapons. Rather, smoke released as a byproduct of combustion presented soldiers with the grim ultimatum between death by smoke inhalation or leaving the trench and facing enemy gunfire.

Due to advancements in ballistic technologies and modern warfare tactics, flamethrowers are much less common in modern theatres. Presently, these weapons have been converted for civilian use for clearing old crops, domestic defense and even landscaping. In 2018, the Boring Company headed by Elon Musk developed a civilian flamethrower in a limited production of 20,000 units. With the prominence of Musk in contemporary culture, these flamethrowers were sold quickly yielding 10 million dollars for the Boring Company in gross revenue.

Holster

A holster is a type of clothing. It is like an extra pocket worn to hold something where it can quickly be taken out for use. Holsters have long been used to hold a firearm, especially a pistol. At the end of the 20th century many people started carrying a mobile phone in a holster.

Confetti

Confetti are small pieces of paper or other material that is thrown into the air at a celebration such as party or a wedding. Confetti comes in a variety of colors and shapes.

In some places including Europe, the use of confetti is banned due to health problems of people, animals or the earth, or due to the work needed to clean up the confetti afterward. Foil and plastic confetti are not biodegradable. Some cans are illegal due to banned items in them.

The first known use of confetti was in 1815, as the Italian word "confetto" meaning "sweetmeat".

Alanis Morissette: The Collection

Alanis Morissette: The Collection is the greatest hits compilation album by Alanis Morissette, released in the United States on 15 November 2005.


Morissette's singles that are not on the album include "All I Really Want", "Joining You", "Unsent", "So Pure", the live track "King of Pain" (a cover of The Police song), "Precious Illusions" and the European single "Out Is Through". Additionally, none of her eight dance pop single releases under MCA Records's Canada imprint are present.



Poales

Poales is a taxonomic order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons. The order includes families of plants such as the grasses, bromeliads, and sedges.

Most Poales are wind-pollinated, and so lack the colour and scents of most flowering plants. The bromeliads, however, produce large fruits which are eaten by animals and so act as seed-spreaders.

The earliest fossils of Poales date to the late Cretaceous period, about 66 million years ago. Some suggest the origin of the group may be 115 million years ago in South America. The earliest known fossils include pollen and fruits.

The flowers are typically small, enclosed by bracts, and arranged in inflorescences (except in the genus "Mayaca", with solitary terminal flowers). The flowers of most species are wind pollinated. The seeds usually contain starch.

Among monocots, the Poales come second to the orchids in number of species. But in economic terms, they are far more important. In fact, the true grasses (Poaceae) produce by far the most important grains eaten by humans and other animals.

One recent classification lists these families: 

The Poales are the most economically important order of monocots and possibly the most important order of plants in general. Within the order, by far the most important family economically is the family of grasses (Poaceae, syn. Gramineae), which includes barley, maize, millet, rice, and wheat. It is also the largest family in the order, far outnumbering the other families:

Poaceae

The Poaceae or Gramineae are the "true" grasses. They are a large family of monocot flowering plants. There are about 12,000 species and 780 genera. They are one of most ecologically and economically important of all plant families. Rushes and sedges fall outside this family, but they are related.

Grasslands are about 20% of the vegetation cover of the Earth. Poaceae also live in many other habitats, including wetlands, forests, and tundra. Bamboos are part of this huge family of plants.

Domesticated poaceous cereal crops (maize (corn), wheat, millets, and rice) are eaten around the world. The Poaceae are the most economically important plant family in modern times. They are used for forage, building materials (bamboo, thatch) and fuel (ethanol), as well as food.

Grasses include some of the most useful plant life-forms. They became widespread towards the end of the Cretaceous period. Fossilized dinosaur dung (coprolites) have been found with phytoliths of grasses which are related to rice and bamboo. Grasses have adapted to conditions in lush rain forests, dry deserts, cold mountains and even intertidal habitats. They are at present the most widespread plant type. Grass is a valuable source of food and energy for wildlife as well as humans.

Ric Flair

Richard Morgan Fliehr (born February 25, 1949 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a retired American professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name, Ric Flair. Flair has worked for the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/WWE), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), Jim Crockett Promotions, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and many others. Currently he works for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He was the leader of the Four Horsemen in WCW and a member of Evolution in WWE. He wrestled for 50 years. His last WWE match was against Shawn Michaels at WrestleMania XXIV in 2008. He is a two time WWE Hall of Famer and a 16-time world champion according to WWE.

It was reported that Flair wrestled his last match at age 73. On July 31, 2022, at Starrcast V from the Nashville Municipal Auditorium, Flair teamed with his son-in-law Andrade El Idolo. They defeated the team of Jay Lethal and Jeff Jarrett. The match include cameos by many well known wrestlers. They included Jerry “The King” Lawler, Cody Rhodes, The Undertaker, Mick Foley, Michelle McCool, Sting and Diamond Dallas Page.

Flair's nickname is "The Nature Boy". His finisher was a Figure 4 Leg Lock. His sons David (born 1979) and Reid (1988-2013) were professional wrestlers, while his daughter Ashley (born 1986), better known by her ring name Charlotte Flair, still wrestles in WWE.


Michelle McCool

Michelle Leigh Calaway (née McCool; born January 25, 1980) is an American former professional wrestler. She is best known for working with WWE. She is a former two-time WWE Divas Champion and a two-time WWE Women's Champion.

McCool originally worked as a middle school teacher in Palatka, Florida. She joined WWE in 2004 after being a part of the WWE Diva Search. In her first on-screen appearances, she used the gimmick of a personal trainer. She later changed it to that of a teacher. At The Great American Bash in 2008, McCool became the first WWE Divas Champion. She was champion for about five months. She won the WWE Women's Championship at The Bash in 2009. She was the first wrestler to have held both titles. At Night of Champions in 2010, she combined both titles and became the first and only WWE Unified Divas Champion. McCool held both titles twice. This makes her a four-time champion overall. In November 2010, she was ranked number one in "Pro Wrestling Illustrated"'s Female 50, She retired the next year.

McCool was in the 2005 Diva Search but she lost to Christy Hemme. She still got a contract with the company.

McCool defeated Natalya Neidhart at The Great American Bash to become the first ever Diva's Champion. She lost the title to Maryse on Smackdown with María as a referee, after the match, McCool attacked María, turning heel, later, she apologized, but attacked Eve, turning definitely heel.

McCool was married to Jeremy Louis Alexander. They began dating in high school. The couple divorced in 2006. She married wrestler Mark Calaway (The Undertaker) on June 26, 2010, in Houston, Texas. In August 2012, she gave birth to their first child, their daughter Kaia.

McCool is a devout Christian. She used Christian crosses on her wrestling attire.
In 2016 she was learned that she had skin cancer. The treatment she got was successful. In April 2019, she said that she hade problems with infertility and had had several miscarriages.


International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry

The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) is an international organisation that represents chemists in individual countries. It governs everything to do with chemicals, elements and new discoveries. Every chemical known has a common name and a IUPAC name. This is also true for the Periodic Table of the Elements. Every element's name has been approved by IUPAC. This rule does not apply to those elements still given temporary names. The organisation was founded in 1919.

Medes

The Medes were an ancient Iranian people and one of the ancestors of modern Kurdish people who lived in the northwestern portions of present-day Iran. This area was known in Greek as Media or Medea They entered this region with the first wave of Iranian tribes, in the late second millennium BC (at the end of the Bronze Age).

By the 6th century BC, the Medes were able to make their own empire. It stretched from southern shore of the Black Sea and Aran province (in modern Azerbaijan) to north and central Asia, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.

The Medes are credited with the foundation of the first Iranian empire, the largest of its day until Cyrus the Great established a unified Iranian empire of the Medes and Persians, often referred to as the Achaemenid Empire.

Modern scholars question whether a Median empire even existed. It is argued that even if it existed, it must have been just a "political alliance" among highland neighbors of the Assyrians. The alliance might include Armenia in southeastern Anatolia, Sagartians in modern northern Iraq, and the actual Medians in the area between what is today Hamadan-Kirmanshah in cental Zagros. Neither cuneiform sources, archaeological evidence, or biblical accounts, support Herodotus, who claimed there really was a Median empire.

Strabo mentions the affinity of Mede with other Iranian languages in his "Geography":

Herodotus, mentions the word "Spaka" ("Dog", still present in current Iranian languages such as tat and talysh, and different from Persian)

Mombasa

Mombasa is the second largest city in Kenya; about 1.3 million people live there. It is a major port city, and has an international airport. 

Mombasa has a tropical savanna climate ("As" in the Köppen climate classification). Mombasa is a tourism-based city.

Mombasa is a coastal town with flat topography. The town of Mombasa is centred on Mombasa Island, but extends to the mainland. The island is separated from the mainland by two creeks.

Mombasa city has a population of 1,208,333 in 2019.

Mombasa has a cosmopolitan population, with the Swahili people and Mijikenda predominant. Other communities include the Akamba and Taita Bantus as well as a significant population of Luo and Luhya peoples from Western Kenya. The major religions practised in the city are Islam, Christianity and Hinduism. Over the centuries, many immigrants and traders have settled in Mombasa, particularly from the Middle East, Somalia, and India.
Mombasa is a centre of coastal tourism in Kenya. Many people visit the Old Town and Fort Jesus.

Mombasa is a major trade centre and home of large seaport. The Kenyan Dock Worker's Union is in Mombasa and has 5,000 members. Other local industries include an oil refinery with a capacity of a day, and a cement factory capable of producing over 1.1 million tons per year.

Moi International Airport serves the city of Mombasa. Flights to Nairobi and other Kenyan, European and Middle Eastern destinations depart from the airport each day. 

Mombasa currently has a modern railway station that replaced the century-old station built by the British. Kenya Railways transports passengers and cargo between Nairobi to Mombasa. The journey takes approximately five hours between the two cities.

Mombasa's port is the largest in East Africa, with two oil terminals.

In the film "Out of Africa", Mombasa is the train destination as the seaport for voyages to Europe via the Suez Canal.

"One-Way Ticket to Mombasa (Menolippu Mombasaan)" is a 2002 Finnish film directed by Hannu Tuomainen.

In the Indian movie "Mr. India", Mombasa is mentioned in the popular song "Hawa Hawaii".

Mombasa is featured in the 2010 movie, "Inception", where Cobb meets Eames and Yusuf before the job takes place.

Most of the events in the 2017 story "Consummation in Mombasa" (by Andrei Gusev) take place in Mombasa and in the nearest district Mtwapa.

In the US, the Walt Disney World resort recreated a Kenyan village in the Africa section of the Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park named "Harambe", which is modelled after Mombasa. The village features a store called the "Mombasa Marketplace".

Headshot

A headshot (or head shot) is a photograph of a person's face. It is a form of portraiture. The purpose of a headshot is to show the subject's personality, or character. Headshots are used in the modelling and acting businesses and is vital to the careers of many business and sales executives who use them on business cards, company web sites and social media sites like LinkedIn. Most actors have a headshot that they will provide to employers.

Headshots are a separate specialty career path branch for several photographers who make or have made careers in this kind of photography. Examples include Yousuf Karsh (1908-2002), Yucel Yalim (1958), Cindy Quinn (1960) and Peter Hurley. 


Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel

Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel / Gymnase de la Rue des Alpes de Bienne is a high school in Biel in Switzerland. There are three local high schools and the Gymnasium Alpenstrasse / Gymnase de la Rue des Alpes is one of them. It is the only bilingual (Swiss-German and French) high school in the Canton of Berne. There are about 550 students and about 90 teachers at this school. This school specializes in three subjects: Economy, Spanish and Applied Mathematics. The students usually attend the Gymnasium for three years and take the final examination at the end of their studies. The diploma, which is called Maturité in French or Matura in German, is the entrance ticket for all universities and colleges in Switzerland.

There is also a Commercial Highschool in the same building which is part of the Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel / Gymnase de la Rue des Alpe de Bienne. It is more oriented for the business world 

At the beginning, the Gymnasium Alpenstrasse was a Progymnasium.
A Progymnasuim is like the today’s secondary school. But the school was just attended by boys.
Today it’s a High School for boys and girls. This school is a Swiss Olympic Partner School.
This means, those athletes from various sports can go their training, also during school.
There are many different athletes. Some play hockey, volleyball, tennis or they swim or dance etc. It’s not just for sports it’s also for music.


Mede, Lombardy

Mede is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy. It is located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 km².

Mede borders the following municipalities: Frascarolo, Gambarana, Lomello, Pieve del Cairo, Sartirana Lomellina, Semiana, Torre Beretti e Castellaro, Villa Biscossi.

Here is how the population of the town has changed over the last 140 years.

Ploidy

Ploidy is a term from genetics and cell biology. It is used to indicate the number of chromosome sets in a cell. Most eukaryotes have either one set (called haploid) or two sets (called diploid). Some other organisms are polyploid, they have more than two sets of chromosomes. Some amphibians are triploid, with three sets. The endosperm cells in the seeds of many plants are also triploid. Some kinds of trout or salmon have four sets ("tetraploid"). Other examples:

Sex cells (gametes) are almost always haploid. If the reproductive stage (adult) is polyploid, then the gametes will have half the ploidy number of chromosomes. 

There are some variations of ploidy which are not discussed here. Some plant species with certain types of polyploidy do not use sexual reproduction, but survive with asexual methods.

Polyploidy occurs in cells and organisms when there are more than two paired (homologous) sets of chromosomes.

Most organisms are normally diploid, meaning they have two sets of chromosomes — one set inherited from each parent. Polyploidy may occur due to abnormal cell division. It is most commonly found in plants, but it does sometimes happen in animals. Some estimates suggest that 30-80% of living plant species are polyploid, and many lineages show evidence of ancient polyploidy (paleopolyploidy) in their genomes. Huge increases in angiosperm (flowering plants) diversity have coincided with the timing of ancient genome duplications shared by many species. 15% of angiosperm and 31% of fern speciation events are accompanied by ploidy increase.

Polyploid plants arise spontaneously in nature. Many polyploids are fitter than their parental species, and may display novel variation or morphologies that contribute to speciation and eco-niche exploitation. 

Polyploidy may occur in one generation, and is an exception to the principle that evolution occurs gradually. There may, however, be many genetic changes in the species after polyploidy has taken place. 

The gametes of polyploids are unusual, because they may carry several sets of chromosomes. For example, common wheat is a polyploid with six sets of chromosomes, two sets coming originally from each of three different species. So there are six sets of chromosomes in most cells, and three sets of chromosomes in the gametes.



Rhesus macaque

The rhesus macaque ("Macaca mulatta"), often called the Rhesus monkey and Indian monkey, is one of the best known species of Old World monkeys. 

It lives in a wide area, and has an unknown but quite large population. It lives in a broad range of habitats. Native to South, Central and Southeast Asia, troops of "Macaca mulatta" inhabit a great variety of habitats from grasslands to arid and forested areas, but also close to human settlements.

Rhesus macaques are native to northern India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Nepal, Burma, Thailand, Afghanistan, Vietnam, southern China, and some neighboring areas. They have the widest geographic ranges of any nonhuman primate. He is also known as national mammal of Pakistan.

They are regular swimmers. Babies as young as a few days old can swim, and adults are known to swim over a half mile between islands. Rhesus macaques are noted for their tendency to move from rural to urban areas, where they rely on handouts or refuse from humans.

Risso's dolphin

The Risso's dolphin ("Grampus griseus") is the only species of dolphin in the genus "Grampus".

Foreplay

Foreplay is the name for a number of things people do before they have sex. These things do not need to be directly related to having sex. Rather, they are done to sexually arouse people, to make them want each other more, Examples of things that can be used in foreplay differ among people, Most people prefer simple things that make them feel nice such as a person talking softly, a compliment, a Hug, or by being Tickled by a person they like, or even sharing similar hobbies, such as white water rafting, rocky mountain climbing or even how flexible you both are at Yoga,
Not all of these acts are physical, some can also be psychological. Common things done in foreplay include kissing, touching each other, hugging, and stimulating the others erogenous zones.

Foreplay has a well-defined function - it lowers inhibitions and makes people feel better at ease.

Foreplay has been mentioned in historic works. The Ancient Indian work "Kama Sutra" mentions different types of embracing, kissing, and marking with nails and teeth. It also mentions BDSM activities such as slapping and moaning as "play."

Based on age, religious and political background, what people do as foreplay can be quite different. Many people think that women demand more foreplay and require more time to become aroused. Recent scientific research has show that this is false, though. Scientists from McGill University Health Centre in Montreal, Canada used the method of thermal imaging to record baseline temperature change in the genital area as the definition of the time necessary for sexual arousal. Researchers studied the time required for an individual to reach the peak of sexual arousal and concluded that, on average, women and men spend almost the same time for sexual arousal — around 10 minutes.

Army (1996 movie)

Army is a 1996 Hindi movie. It was directed by Raam Shetty. The movie stars Shahrukh Khan and Sridevi in the lead role.

Arjun and Geeta are a young couple, who are deeply in love with each other. They get married, and soon have a child. Arjun gets in trouble with a well known gangster named Nagraj, and is killed. When Geeta finds out she decides to avenge Arjun's death. When Nagraj finds out that Geeta is out for vengeance, he does not believe that a lone defenseless widow can do him any harm. But Nagraj is in for a surprise when he comes face to face with Geeta and a group of young men who are dedicated to bring him down - even if they die trying.

The music for the soundtrack was written by Anand-Milind. Sameer wrote all the lyrics for the songs.

BBC Radio 5 Live

BBC Radio 5 Live (formerly BBC Radio Five Live) is the BBC's radio station that gives live BBC News, phone-ins, and sports news. It is the main radio station for sport in the United Kingdom, covering nearly all big sports events in the UK or with British competitors in, including the Olympics and the football World Cup

It is transmitted via analogue radio on 693 and 909 kHz AM in the medium wave band. These frequencies belonged to BBC Radio 2 from November 23, 1978 to August 26, 1990. Before that they were used in some regions of the UK by the BBC Home Service and BBC Radio 4. The radio is also available on digital radio in the United Kingdom via DAB, digital satellite, IPTV, Freeview, and is also streamed online. However, because of rights restrictions, coverage of some events (especially live sporting events) is not available online. Also, some of the content available online is only for UK users.

Note that Radio 5 Live operates International and UK feeds. International feeds aren't allowed to cover certain sports events because of local radio rights to those events.

Cattenom power plant

Cattenom Power Plant is a nuclear power plant. It is near Metz, Grand Est, France. It has four pressurized water reactors. Each has a capacity of 1300 megawatts. In 2006, it produced the third most electrictity of all power plants in France, behind that of Gravelines Nuclear Power Plant (near Calais) and Plaluel (near Dieppe).

Rough-toothed dolphin

The Rough-toothed dolphin ("Steno bredanensis") is a fairly large oceanic dolphin. It can be found in deep warm and tropical waters around the world.

Spinner dolphin

The spinner dolphin ("Stenella longirostris") is a small oceanic dolphin. It is found in off-shore tropical waters around the world. It is famous for its acrobatic displays in which they will spin longitudinally along their axis as they leap through the air.

Striped dolphin

The striped dolphin ("Stenella coeruleoalba") is an oceanic dolphin. They live in temperate and tropical waters of all the world's oceans. 

And did those feet in ancient time

"And did those feet in ancient time" is a short poem by William Blake. It comes in the introduction to a long poem called "Milton: a Poem" (1804). Today it is best known as the hymn Jerusalem, sung to music written by C. Hubert H. Parry in 1916, more than a century after Blake had written the poem. 

<poem>
And did those feet in ancient time
Walk upon England's mountains green?
And was the holy Lamb of God
On England's pleasant pastures seen?

And did the Countenance Divine
Shine forth upon our clouded hills?
And was Jerusalem builded here
Among these dark satanic mills?

Bring me my bow of burning gold!
Bring me my arrows of desire!
Bring me my spear! O clouds, unfold!
Bring me my chariot of fire!

I will not cease from mental fight,
Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand,
Till we have built Jerusalem
In England's green and pleasant land. 
</poem>

There is a legend that the young Jesus went to England with his uncle, Joseph of Arimathea, to England and visited Glastonbury. The poem connects this legend to an idea in the Book of Revelation ( 3:12 and 21:2) describing a Second Coming in which Jesus builds a new Jerusalem. Some Christians thought that a new Jerusalem would be like Heaven, somewhere of love and peace. The poem asks if Jesus visited England and if Heaven was created in England. Blake lived in the time of the early Industrial Revolution when there was a lot of poverty and misery. Many people think the “dark Satanic mills” were the factories where many people worked in horrible conditions. This contrasts with the country with its beauty and clean air: “England’s green and pleasant Land”. The second half of Blake's poem says people should try to establish "Jerusalem" once more.

Blake’s poem was not very well known during the 19th century, but in 1916 a collection of poems was published which included “Jerusalem”. Britain was fighting a terrible war (the First World War), and so the people needed some strong, patriotic music to give them courage. Robert Bridges, the Poet Laureate asked Parry to put it to music at a Fight for Right campaign meeting in London's Queen's Hall. He wanted Parry to write a tune that the audience would be able to sing easily. At first Parry wanted verse one to be sung by a solo female voice, but the version sung nowadays is the arrangement for orchestra made in 1922 by Sir Edward Elgar. When King George V heard it for the first time he said that he preferred "Jerusalem" to "God Save the King", the National Anthem. 

England (as distinct from Britain) does not have an official anthem and so the British National Anthem "God Save the Queen" is used for national occasions, for example before English international football matches or at the Last Night of the Proms. The song is also the unofficial anthem of the British Women's Institute. It is often sung as a hymn in churches, although people in some churches think it is not a hymn. It is also sung in many schools.

Hubert Parry

Sir Charles Hubert Hastings Parry, 1st Baronet (born Bournemouth, 27 February 1848; died Rustington, near Worthing, Sussex, 7 October 1918) was an English composer. His music influenced other English composers such as Elgar and Vaughan Williams. Parry wrote a great deal of music, but by far the best known piece he wrote is the song "Jerusalem". Another piece which is often sung is the anthem "I was glad" written for the coronation of Edward VII.

Parry was born into a rich family. He went to school in Eton and got his music degree while he was still there. He then went to Oxford to study. He learned from the English-born composer Henry Hugo Pierson in Stuttgart, and with William Sterndale Bennett and the pianist Edward Dannreuther in London. He started to compose a lot of chamber music which was first performed at Dannreuther’s house. He became famous in 1880 when Dannreuther played his piano concerto and his choral work "Prometheus Unbound" was performed at the Gloucester Festival. Other choirs started to ask him to write music for them. One of his best choral pieces was the ode "Blest Pair of Sirens" (1887). Other choral works include "Ode on Saint Cecilia's Day" (1889), the oratorios "Judith" (1888) and "Job" (1892). “Judith” includes a tune which became a well-loved hymn tune called “Repton” sung in churches to the words “Dear Lord and Father of Mankind”.

His orchestral works from this period include four symphonies, a set of Symphonic Variations in E minor, the "Overture to an Unwritten Tragedy" (1893) and the "Elegy for Brahms" (1897). He also wrote for the Greek play 'The Birds' by Aristophanes.

As Parry became more famous he got many invitations to important jobs. He started teaching at the Royal College of Music in 1884 and became its director in 1894, a post he held until his death. In 1900 he succeeded John Stainer as professor of music at Oxford University. In 1908 his doctor advised him to resign from his Oxford job.

During the last decade of his life he wrote some of his best works, including the "Symphonic Fantasia '1912"' (also called "Symphony No. 5"), the "Ode on the Nativity" (1912), "Jerusalem" (1916) and the "Songs of Farewell" which includes the song “My Soul, there is a Country”. These were songs about the needless suffering in the war. He died of influenza in Rustington, Sussex.

Parry had a lot of influence on English music in the 20th century. This was not just because of his music, but also through his teaching and his writings about music. The composers he liked best and who influenced his style were Bach and Brahms. His music is firmly tonal (always in clear major or minor keys), and Elgar and Vaughan Williams learned a lot from studying his music.

Parry was a man who always liked to help people, and so he took on a great deal of work, which did not do his health much good. When he had free time he enjoyed driving fast cars and sailing.

He was made a knight, and the first Baronet of Highnam in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1902.

The house in Richmond Hill, Bournemouth where he was born is marked with a blue plaque.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians ed Stanley Sadie (1980) 

Gimli

Gimli can mean:


VistaPE

VistaPE is a is a project (set of scripts) for WinBuilder to create a Live CD based on the kernel of Windows Vista. <br>
VistaPE uses technology and is similar to WinPE 2.0 (from Microsoft), but has a graphical interface, more support for devices and functions, and can run almost any Windows program.



Eye of GNOME

Eye of GNOME is the official image viewer for the GNOME desktop environment. Unlike some other image viewers, Eye of GNOME will only view images. It does, however, provide basic effects for improved viewing, such as zooming, fullscreen, rotation, and transparent image background control.

Eye of GNOME supports the following file formats:


Ekiga

Ekiga (formerly called GnomeMeeting) is a free and open source VoIP and video conferencing computer application for GNOME and Windows. Ekiga supports both the SIP and H.323 (based on OpenH323) protocols and is fully interoperable with any other SIP compliant application and with Microsoft NetMeeting. It supports many high-quality audio and video codecs.

Ekiga was initially made by Damien Sandras in order to graduate from the Université catholique de Louvain. It is currently developed by a community-based team led by Sandras. The logo was designed based on his concept by Andreas Kwiatkowski, an open source enthusiast and a friend of his.





Roadmap 

One Laptop Per Child

One Laptop Per Child is an organization founded at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It is a non-profit organisation. It wants to make cheap laptops so that children in less rich countries without as much technology can also use a computer to learn. The laptop is called an XO. It has an operating system called sugar based on GNU/Linux. It also can run Windows.

Malvaceae

Malvaceae is a family of flowering plants. The family includes about 1000 species in 75 genera. They are found in tropical and temperate regions. They are not found very often in places such as Antarctica because those places are too cold for Malvaceae plants.
Okra is one example it is called lady’s finger or gumbo

Araceae

Araceae are a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants in which flowers are borne on a type of inflorescence called a spadix. The spadix is usually accompanied by, and sometimes partially enclosed in, a 'spathe' or leaf-like bract. 

Also known as the Arum family, members are often colloquially known as aroid. This family of 107 genera and over 3700 species is most diverse in the New World tropics, although also distributed in the Old World tropics and north temperate regions.

These plants often have rhizomes or tubers with calcium oxalate crystals or 'raphides' and commonly with milky sap. The leaves are alternate, simple or compound, petiolate, sometimes very large, and usually with a sheathing base.

Some genera of araceae include:

Openair Frauenfeld

Openair Frauenfeld is an annual Hip Hop music festival that takes place in Frauenfeld and is considered to be the largest Openair festival in Switzerland and the largest Hip Hop music festival in Europe. It was created in 1985 and has now taken place for 14 times. The event was originally hosted under the name "Out in the Green Festival" until it was changed to "Openair Frauenfeld" in 2007. Since then it has hosted numerous high profile celebrities and has attracted an annual turnout of around 150'000 people.

Some of the top headliners performing at Openair Frauenfeld over the past years have included Jay-Z, Eminem, Kanye West, Macklemore, Snoop Dogg, 50 Cent, Kendrick Lamar, , Wiz Khalifa, , and many more.

Kendrick Lamar, Nicki Minaj, A$ap Rocky, Tinie Tempah, Ludacris, Jason Derulo, Cypress Hill, Pusha T, Rae Stremmurd, August Alsina, G-Eazy, Logic, Travi$ Scott, Flattbush Zombies, D12

Outkast, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Pharrell Williams, NAS, T.I, WIZ KHALIFA, M.I.A, Cro, Kid INk, Schoolboy Q, IAM, YG, Iggy Azalea, A$ap Ferg, Chance the Rapper, Joey Bada$$

The festival takes place in a meadow called "Grosse Allmend" in Frauenfeld. Frauenfeld is the capital city of the canton of Thurgau.

Most people travel to the festival by train. Displaying a festival ticket to the Swiss railway company will entitle you a reduction in ticketprice. There is also limited parking near the festival reserved for festival attendees which is usually quickly filled but nonetheless there for people who prefer to attend by car.

The tickets are sold on the official website of the Openair Frauenfeld or across different swiss ticket selling platformts.

As early as December of the previous year one can get purchase ‘early bird’ and ‘springbreak’ tickets. These tickets enable you to go access the camping area one day earlier. There are only a limited number of said tickets. Standard tickets are purchasable later in the year. Children under the age of sixteen require parental permission in order to attend the festival which is validated with a signed permission slip.

Marillion, Jimmy Cliff, Third World, Aswad, Lee Perry & The Upsetters, Edoardo Bennato, Status Quo, Blue Oeyster Cult, Magnum, Katarina &The Waves, Steel Pulse, Freddie Mc Gregor, Jo Geilo Heartbreakers, Barclay James Harvest, Nils Lofgren

The Wailers, The Pogues, Rhapsody, King Sunny Ade, Uriah Heep, Nina Hagen, I.Q., T'pau, Foreigner, Sly & Robbie Package, Polo Hofer, Steve Hacket, Ziggy Marley & The Melody Makerst, Ten Years After, Status Quo, Bo Diddley & Ron Wood, Starship, Jethro Tull

Simple Minds, Chuck Berry, Status Quo, Foreigner, Bob Geldof, Kid Creole & Coconuts, The Beach Boys, Allmann Brothers Band, John Lee Hooker & Band, Vaya Con Dios, Level 42, Toto, Blues Brothers Band, Mothers Finest, Die Toten Hosen, Manfred Mann's Earthband, Little River Band

Lenny Kravitz, The Black Crowes, Chris Isaak, Mr. Big, Inner Circle, Uriah Heep, Björn Again, Midnight Oil, Living Colour, Robert Plant, Faith No More, Big Country, Bryan Adams, Heroes Del Silencio, The Jeff Healy Band, The Kinks, The Beach Boys, Sting, The Hooters

R.E.M, Clawinger, Bo Diddley, The Beautiful South, Paul Weller, Elton John, Inner Circle, Silverchair, Ugly Kid Joe, Pat Travers, The Kelly Family, Rod Steward, Dream Theater, George Thorogood & The Destr., Vanessa Mae, Faith No More, Oasis, Belly, Megadeth, Sheryl Crow, Page/Plant, The Neville Brothers, Shane Mc Gowan & The Popes, Warrant, Kix, Walter Trout Band, Nathan Cavaleri Vand, Status Quo, Chuck Berry, Slash's Snakepit, The Dubliners

David Bowie, Jamiroquai, Die Toten Hosen, Prodigy, Cake Like, Moloko, Blues Traveler, Kula Shaker, Sheryl Crow, Tic Tac Toe, Massive Attack, Jovanotti, Lewis Taylor, Spearhead, Litfiba, Alisha's Attic, Us 3, Skunk Anansie, Faith No More, Steve Winwood, The Bootleg Beatles, Echo & The Bunnymen, Fluke, Reef, Apollo 440,

The Rolling Stones, Pur, Deep Purple, Eros Ramazzotti, Bjoerk, Joe Cocker, Bob Dylan, Iggy Pop, Dave Matthews Band, Richie Sambora, Stroke, Propellerheads, Gang Starr, Transister, Anouk, K's Choice, Elisa, Joaquin Cortes, Angelique Kidjo, Les Sauterelles, Eagle- Eye Cherry, Jazzkantine, Clawfinger

James Taylor Quartett, Dog Eat Dog, Bloodhound Gang, Die Fantastischen Vier, Liz Libido, Subzonic, Björn Again, The Corrs, Alanis Morissette, Guano Apes, Betty Legler, Bananafishbones, Polo Hofer Und Schmetterband, Echt, The Cranberries

Rammstein, Shane Macgowan & The Popes,Cake,Gotthard, The Cure, Maja, Dada (Ante Portas), "A", Px-Pain, Backyard Babies, Therapy?, Clawfinger, Soulfly, Bush, Morris, Subzonic, Dream Theater, Faithless,Simple Minds, Orange Marmalade, Custommade Noise, Mild In Taste, P.M.T, Wake, Redwood, Mother Kingdom, Shruti Tribe, Twisted, Silver Inc., Roach

Pink, Söhne Mannheims, Cypress Hill, Motörhead, Guano Apes, HUN, Mary J Blige, Beginner, Gentleman, Oomph!, Die Happy, Sektion Kuckikäschtli, Asian Dub Foundation Ss, Orishas, Habib Koite, Sergent Garcia, Sheva, Pauline Taylor, Wurzel 5, Züri Slang Karaoke Superstars, Manou Gallo, Bligg, Adrian Stern, Seven, Fat Man Scoop, Beatnuts, Black Tiger, Pete Penicka, Emashie, Tambours De Brazza, Coulibaly, Sam Tschabalala & Sabeka, Musafir, Cut Killer/Abdel, Treekillaz", Carmen Fenk, Miss Moneypenny

Snoop Dogg, Jovanotti, Nightwish, Fettes Brot, In Extremo, Papa Roach, Samy Deluxe, Max Herre, Silbermond, Slunt, Helmet, Looptroop, Bagatello, The Scrucialists, Seven, Phenomden, Les Babacools, Trafficlights, Gigi Moto, Bauers, Florian Ast, Sandee

Black Eyed Peas, Busta Rhymes, Die Fantastischen Vier, Wir Sind Helden, Sportfreunde Stiller, Boodhound Gang, Gentleman, The Darkness, Kelis, Saian Supa Crew, Dog Eat Dog, Curse,Clawfinger, Joy Denalane, Double Pact, Cunninlynguists, The Locos, Gleiszwei, Godessa & Guests, Baze, Radio 200000, Breitbild, Gimma, Wurzel 5, Open Season, Chulcha Candela, Core 22, Akala, Mabon

The Prodigy, Akon, Sean Paul, Seeed, Mando Diao, The Roots, Redman, The Rasmus, Bushido, SINIK, Sido, Juli, Freundeskreis, EPMD, Samy Deluxe, The Sounds, TOK, Papoose, Gimma, Clueso, Dendemann, Sugarplum Fairy, Puppetmastaz, Karpatenhund, Bligg, Samurai, Liricas Analas, Triplenine, 6er Gascho, Griot, Cigi & Straight outta Mama, Famara

Jay-Z, Wu-Tang Clan, Cypress Hill, The Hives, Jan Delay & Disko No 1, Ice Cube, IAM, Common, Stress, Fettes Brot, Patrice, Looptroop, Culcha Candela, Dynamite Deluxe, Stephen Marley, Blumentopf, Kool Savas, Dog Eat Dog, General Degree, Sektion Kuchikäschtli, Swollen Members, Ce'Cile, K.I.Z, Breitbild, Cool Kids, Die Happy, Revolverheld, OBK, Le Peuple De L'Herbe, Chlyklass, Karamelo Santo, Radio 200000, Disgroove, Madd Family, Semantik, Manillio

Kanye West, 50 Cent, Lil Wayne, Gentleman, Sido, N.E.R.D, The Game, La Coka Nostra, Deichkind, Jedi Mind Tricks, Turbonegro, Bligg, Immortal Technique, Hilltop Hoods, Sammy DEluxe, Madcon, Gimma, Dendemann, Prinz Pi, Phenomden, Lircas Analas, Nega

Eminem, Jay Z, Die Fantastischen Vier, Nas, Damien Marley, Jan Delay, Raekwon, Diam's, Dizzee Rascal, IAM, Culcha Candela, Stress, Hilltop Hoods, D12, Samy Deluxe, Wale, KIZ, Tech N9ne, Marcelo D2, The Knux, Ebony Bones!, Clipse, Hocus Pocus, Brother Ali, Irie Révoltés, Gimma & Friends, Breitbild, Greis, Jahcoustix, The Yard Vibes Crew, Larry F, Casper, Bandit, Blue King Brown, Urthboy

Snoop Dogg, Cypress Hill, Wu-Tang Clan, The Roots, Ice Cube, Taio Cruz, Pitbull, Lupe Fiasco, Black Star, Deichkind, Public Enemy, Big Boi, M.O.P., Bushido, Soprano, Kool Savas, Ziggy Marley, Sens Unik, Samy Deluxe, Far East Movement, Ofwgkta, Jay Electronica, Yeawolf, Curren$y, Marteria, Snowgoons, Atmosphere, Ryan Leslie, Cunninlynguists, AZAD, F.R., Tommy Vercetti, LDDC

Drake, 50 Cent, NAS, Sean Paul, Rick Ross, Wiz Khalifa, Mos Def, J. Cole, Beginner, Sido, Mac Miller, Tinie Tempah, Jedi Mind Tricks, Max Herre, Samy Deluxe, K.I.Z., Marsimoto, Yeawolf, Hilltop Hoods, A$AP Rocky, Royce da 5'9, Lords of the Underground, Dilated Peoples, Beenie Man, Phenomden, Soja, Lady Saw, Steff la Cheffe, Macklemore

Snoop Lion, Seeed, Run Dmc, Jurassic 5, Tyga, A$AP Rocky, B.o.B, C2C, Wu-Tang Clan, A Tribe Called Quest

Outkast, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Pharrell Williams, NAS, T.I, Wiz Khalifa, M.I.A, Cro, Kid INk, Schoolboy Q, IAM, YG, Iggy Azalea, A$AP Ferg, Chance the Rapper, Joey Bada$$

Kendrick Lamar, Nicki Minaj, A$AP Rocky, Cypress Hill, Casper, Deichkind, The Roots, Jason Derulo, Ludacris, Pusha T, Tinie Tempah, C2C, Danny Brown, Rae Sremmurd, August Alsina, G-Eazy, Logic, Travi$ Scott, Flattbush Zombies, D12

Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, 50 Cent, Major Lazer, J. Cole, Wiz Khalifa, Future, Sido, K.I.Z., Bryson Tiller, Mobb Deep, Kool Savas, Young Thug, A$AP Ferg, Genetikk, Gostface Killah, Action Bronson, Ty Dolla $ign, Blumentopf, Lo & Leduc, Yeawolf, Hopsin, Cunninlynguists, Mick Jenkins, Dodo, Elijah

The Weeknd, NAS, Casper, Travis Scott, Cro, G-Eazy, Gucci Mane, Maître Gims, Marteria, Mac Miller, Bushido & Shindy, Rae Sremmurd, 187 Strassenbande, Bonez MC & Raf Camora, Flatbush Zombies, Fler, MHD, Machine Gun Kelly, Talib Kwelli & The Soul Rebels, Desiigner, Lil Yachty, Hilltop Hoods, Kontra K, Lady Leshurr, Lil Dicky, Nimo, Olexesh, UFO361, KMN Gang, SXTN


Omega SA

Omega SA is Swiss watch manufacturer. It belongs to the Swatch Group of companies. It is in Biel-Bienne (Switzerland). Omega SA produces watches of a high standard. It was founded in 1848 by Louis Brandt in La Chaux-de-Fonds (Switzerland). There are many famous people that promote Omega SA including Michael Schuhmacher, George Clooney, Cindy Crawford and Nicole Kidman.

The beginning of Omega was 1848 in La Chaux-de-Fonds. Louis Brandt opened a factory that produced watches. The watches made there carried the name Louis Brandt. After the death of Brandt, his sons transferred the production to Biel/Bienne (Switzerland). There, they started to produce their watches industrially. In 1898, "Louis Brandt & frères" employed more than 500 workers.

In 1894 they changed their name to Omega, named after their first watch.

In 1904, the Brandt brothers died, and the company came into the hands of their children. In the following years, Omega became a highly prestigious watch manufacturer. In 1925, Omega started to work with Tissot, another watch manufacturer.

Today Omega belongs to the Swatch Group.

Many filmmakers have Omega watches in their movies. For example, Pierce Brosnan wore an Omega Seamaster Quartz Professional in "James Bond" movies starting with the movie "Golden Eye". In all later movies, Brosnan wore an Omega Seamaster Professional Chronometer.

Daniel Craig also wears Omega in his "James Bond" movies. He even mentions the watch manufacturer by name in the movie.

At the moment, Omega SA is the official timekeeper for the Olympic Games. Their first time was 1932 at Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. They were the timekeeper in the 2006 Winter Olympics, and in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.

As a sponsor for the Emirates Team New Zealand, Omega introduced the Seamaster NZL-32 chronograph in 2007. The name is the same as the name of the boat that won the America's Cup in 1995.

Bierhübeli

Bierhübeli-oder auch Sahli genannt is the name of a concert hall in the center of Berne, Switzerland. Many famous artists from all around the world have played there including Sugarhill Gang, Adam Green, Sportfreunde Stiller, Wir sind Helden, Joy Denalane and Bad Religion. 
From 1729 there has been a restaurant there called "Bierhübeli". In 1847 the "Bierhübeli" restaurant burned down. After that, they decided to build a hall as well as rebuilding the restaurant. It was finished in 1912. The hall was named after the restaurant. 

Many styles of music are played there, ranging from rock and metal to rap and hip-hop. 

The stage, the walls and the floor are made of wood. There is also a bar in the hall. In the hall, the audience feels very close to the artist. The sound in the hall is very rich, because of the shape and the way the building was made.

Hakan Yakin

Hakan Yakin () (born 22 February 1977 in Basel, Switzerland) is a Swiss former football player and current manager of Turkish origin. He is the brother of Murat Yakin and half-brother of former Swiss football professional Ertan Irizik.

Yakin's biggest success was the winning of the Swiss Super League and the Swiss Cup with the Basel in 2002. With the Swiss national team, he took part at the UEFA Champions League in 2004 and 2008 and at the World Cup in Germany in 2006. Yakin is a specialist in free-kicks and final passes.

Yakin received the award for the "Most Valuable Player" in Swiss football in 2003 and 2008.

He currently plays for Al-Gharafa (Qatar).

324||118
9||0
2||0
15||5
350||123

!Total||79||20

Lyss

Lyss is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It has a population of 11,000 people. About 84% of these people are Swiss German. Politically, Lyss can be called a city. The name "Lyss" comes from the local river Lyssbach.

On 1 January 2011, the old municipality of Busswil bei Büren was combined with Lyss.


Globi

Globi is a Swiss cartoon character. He is often called the Swiss Mickey Mouse. Globi is one of the most famous cartoon figures in the Swiss-German part of Switzerland. It was created in 1932 by the Globus department store chain for advertising. It is a blue human-like parrot with a black beret and trousers in black and red. It was so much liked by the children in Switzerland that it got published independently in 1944. There are a many Globi cartoon books and tapes in Switzerland today. Its appearance has changed several times since his development.

Globi was created in 1932 by the Globus stores as a media vehicle for children. They wanted to address Globi to children. First, the figure was named "Kimbukku". Because the people of the canton of Bale named the Globus warehouse "Globi", they thought would be a better name than Kimbukku. The figure was well liked by the young customers from the beginning. First "Globi" appeared as a comic strip in the magazine "der Globi". In 1935, the first book "Globi the Childfriend" appeared. This book has sold over a million copies. It was only really successful in Switzerland. Until today, 79 illustrated classic books have been published. The Globi books were always successful, but in the 1970s they were criticized because of the racism, sexism and violence in books of the 1940s and 1950s. Today, Globi is seen as politically correct. It started to be interested in ecology and animal protection and became more of a role model. For example, in a newer volume, Globi goes with the small rhino named Najma to Africa. The readers learn about the problems of life in the savanna of Africa for rhinos. There was also a movie with Globi in the cinemas in 2005.

Because of the big success of Globi, the costs for the warehouse became too big. Because of this, Globi Publisher AG was founded in 1944. Since 1 January 2007, the Globi Publisher AG has been owned by Orell Füssli Publisher. The publisher is active in the Swiss market. In addition to books, they sell other Globi merchandise. These include dishes, cutlery, watches and alarm clocks, plush toys, drapery, lamps, card games and foods. There are also tourist attractions such as Globi hotel, a trail and a bus. In December 2008, a Globi winter park was built in Engelberg. In addition to Globi, other characters including Papa-Moll and Glöbeli exist. Yearly, over 80,000 Globi comic books, 40,000 educational Globi books, between 25,000 and 30,000 Papa-Moll books and 100,000 cassettes are sold.

Today Globi Publisher employs 4 permanent employee, 2 exponents, 3-4 graphic artists and bookkeepers and about 10-12 illustrators and writers.


Beret

A beret is a soft, round type of hat. They are similar to caps, but without the peak at the front. Berets are usually made of felt or a similar material. Berets are often worn in France. 

Berets are worn as part of the uniform of many military and police units across the world. Many other organizations also wear berets for different purposes.

Premature birth

Premature birth is when a baby is born before the normal end of pregnancy. In humans, a pregnancy normally lasts for about nine months or 266 days.

Babies who are born before 37 complete weeks of pregnancy (calculated from the last menstrual period) are said to be "premature". In the United States, about 12% of the babies are born prematurely (that is about one in every eight babies). In 2003, there were over 490,000 premature births. 

Worldwide rates of prematurity are more difficult to get. In developing countries, there is often no professional medical care for these babies. This makes it difficult to tell how far along the pregnancy really was. For this reason, the World Health Organization tracks rates of low birth weight instead. In 2000, 16.5% of babies born in developing countries were of low birth weight. About one-third of these low birth weight deliveries are due to premature delivery.

The risk of having a problem (called a "complication") is higher in shorter pregnancies. Babies born prematurely die more often in their first year of life than others. Most such deaths occur in the first month of life, which is called "neonatal mortality". 

Worldwide, prematurity causes 10% of neonatal mortality, or around 500,000 deaths per year. In the U.S., where many infections and other causes of neonatal death have been markedly reduced, prematurity is the leading cause of neonatal mortality at 25%. Prematurely born infants are also at greater risk of developing serious health problems, such as cerebral palsy, chronic lung disease, gastrointestinal problems, mental retardation, vision loss, or hearing loss. They are also more likely to have depression as teenagers.

Nearly half of all premature births have no known cause. When conditions permit, doctors may attempt to stop premature labor, so that the pregnancy can have a chance to continue to full term. This will increase the baby's chances of health and survival. 

In the United States, the rate of premature births has increased 30% in the past two decades.

In developed countries, many hospitals have special facilities for prematurely born infants. This type of hospital unit is usually called a "neonatal intensive care unit" (NICU, pronounced "NICK-you"). In the NICU, premature babies are kept warm in incubators or other warming machines. They are enclosed in plastic with equipment which keeps them warm and keeps germs away from them. 

Modern neonatal intensive care involves sophisticated measurement of temperature, respiration, heart function, oxygen supply, and brain activity. Treatments may include fluids and nutrition given through intravenous catheters; oxygen, breathing support; and medications. 

In developing countries, where advanced equipment may not be available or reliable, simple measures such as "kangaroo care" (skin-to-skin warming), encouraging breastfeeding, and basic infection control measures help reduce death rate and illness.

The earliest time in the pregnancy where the infant has at least a 50% chance of survival is called the "limit of viability". In countries with good health care, viability has been reduced to about 24 weeks. Rare survivors have been documented as early as 21 weeks, but this date is controversial because the pregnancy was measured from the date of conception rather than the date of her mother's last menstrual period. This makes gestation appear 2 weeks less than if calculated by the more common method. Risk of brain damage and developmental delay is significant at that early time. Even if the infant lives, there are ethical controversies over the care given to such infants. The limit of viability has also become a factor in the abortion debate.

Autoclave

An autoclave is a device that uses pressure to heat aqueous solutions above their boiling point. It is done to kill microbiological organisms, called sterilization. The autoclave was invented by Charles Chamberland in 1879.

Martin O'Neill

Martin Hugh Michael O'Neill, OBE (b. 1 March 1952) is an Northern Irish football manager. He is currently the manager of Sunderland F.C., and has previously managed Celtic F.C.. and Aston Villa F.C. O'Neill was born in Kilrea, Northern Ireland.

Jim Duffy

James Duffy (born 27 April 1959) is a former Scottish football player and manager.

Nicotine replacement therapy

The nicotine in cigarettes and other tobacco products makes people dependent. When they quit, they will get withdrawal symptoms. Nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) is there to reduce the dependency symptoms. This is usually done by delivering nicotine (or a substance very similar to it) in other ways. Common methods include "nicotine patches" and chewing gums with nicotine in them.

Cigarettes are responsible for the deaths of about 5 million people each year. These people are not killed by the nicotine in the cigarette, but by other substances in tobacco smoke such as carbon monoxide and tars. 

NRT delivers nicotine to the smoker's brain in a much slower way than cigarettes do. It helps to damp down the urges to smoke that most smokers have in the early days and weeks after quitting, rather than remove them totally. It gives the smoker the chance to break smoking cues in their daily lives, and might provide a more comfortable exit from the smoking habit. NRT however is best used with some form of support, ideally from someone who knows something about smoking cessation.

In 2005 the Committee on the Safety of Medicines recommended that NRT be given to pregnant smokers and to adolescent smokers. 

Findings from a recent Cochrane review of controlled trials testing NRT products (Stead et al. 2008) showed that smokers using NRT were 1.5 to 2 times more likely to have stopped smoking at followup than those in the placebo or control treatment condition. 

Nicotine is the addictive drug in tobacco products so there is a chance when using NRT products to become addicted to those products. NRT products are safer then smoking tobacco. NRT products are generally expensive, sometimes even more so then cigarettes, so a minority of people may become addicted to the NRT product and turn back to tobacco products to save money.


An electronic cigarette is an electronic item used instead of cigarettes. It gives a little nicotine, propylene glycol, and sometimes flavours, when you breathe through it. It was invented in China.



University of California, Berkeley

The University of California, Berkeley (also referred to as Cal, Berkeley and UC Berkeley) is a major university in Berkeley, California, United States. The oldest of the ten major campuses affiliated with the University of California, Berkeley offers some 300 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. The university occupies 6651 acres with the central campus resting on approximately 200 acres.

The university was founded in 1868 when the private College of California and the public Agricultural, Mining, and Mechanical Arts College merged. Berkeley was a founding member of the Association of American Universities and 61 Nobel Laureates have been affiliated with the university as faculty, researchers and alumni. Berkeley physicists worked on the Manhattan Project during World War II and the university now manages the nation's two principal nuclear weapons laboratories: "Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory" and "Los Alamos National Laboratory". UC Berkeley has admitted both men and women since 1871.

Berkeley student-athletes compete intercollegiately as the "California Golden Bears". A member of both the Pacific-12 Conference and the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation in the NCAA, Cal students have won national titles in many sports, including football, men's basketball, baseball, softball, water polo, rugby and crew. In addition, they have won over 100 Olympic medals. The official colors of the university and its athletic teams are Berkeley blue and California gold.


Metadata

Metadata (also "Meta data") is data about data, that is information about other information. This is often useful. Libraries usually group books by subject and keep a catalog of the books. In that context the metadata in the catalog include various pieces of information including the author and the subject it is classified under. The index and table of contents of a book also present metadata.

Digital cameras allow people to take pictures. Here the data is the picture taken, and the metadata is information about the picture taken, like when (the date and time), photographic exposure, focal length and other technical details about how the camera made the picture. Some cameras, especially smartphones, have GPS and can include the location in metadata.

Failure rate

Failure rate is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails. Usually it is expressed in a number of failures per time period, like failures per hour. It is often written as the Greek letter λ (lambda) and is important in reliability theory. In practice, the closely related Mean Time Between Failures is more commonly expressed and used for high quality components or systems.

Failure rate usually increases with time. For example, a car failure rate in its fifth year of service may be many times greater than in the first year of service. Nobody expects to replace an exhaust pipe or worn brake pads in a new car.

Mean Time Between Failures is closely related to failure rate. If the likelihood of failure is constant with respect to time (for example, in some product like a brick or protected steel beam), and ignoring the time to recover from failure, failure rate is simply the inverse of the Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF). MTBF is an important specification parameter in all aspects of high importance engineering design–such as naval architecture, aerospace engineering, automotive design, etc.–in short, any task where failure in a key part or of the whole of a system needs be minimized and stopped, particularly where lives might be lost if such factors are not taken into account. These factors account for many safety and maintenance practices in engineering and industry practices and government regulations, such as how often inspections and overhauls are required on an aircraft.

A similar ratio used in the transport industries, especially in railways and trucking is 'Mean Distance Between Failure', a variation which attempts to correlate actual loaded distances to similar reliability needs and practices.

Failure rates are important factors in insurance, business, and regulation practices as well as fundamental to design of safe systems throughout a national or international economy.

Copy-on-write

Copy-on-write (COW) is a means of optimisation in Computer Science. When several callers ask for the same resource, they can all be given a pointer to the same address. Only when they try to change the resource does a local copy need to be made. This happens without the caller noticing. It is done so that all the other callers do not see the change they did not do. 

Write Anywhere File Layout

Write Anywhere File Layout (WAFL) is a file system. It was developed with large RAID arrays in mind. After a failure, the RAID array can be directly restarted. Other features like making the filesystem bigger without taking it offline are also supported.

Tibetan blue bear

The Tibetan bear or Tibetan blue bear ("Ursus arctos pruinosus") is a subspecies of the brown bear ("Ursus arctos"). It is found in the eastern Tibetan Plateau.(In the Himalayas).

Tibetan red deer

The Tibetan red deer ("Cervus affinis affinis" or "Cervus affinis wallichi"), also known as shou, is a subspecies of Central Asian Red Deer that is native to the Tibetan highlands of Central Asia.

Wild goat

The wild goat ("Capra aegagrus") is a mammal of the Caprinae subfamily.
The wild goat is a widespread species, with a distribution ranging from Europe and Asia Minor to central Asia and the Middle East.

The wild goat is an ancestor of the domestic goat.
Wild goats do not rely on humans for shelter, food or medical care

Asiatic wildcat

The Asiatic wildcat ("Felis silvestris ornata") is also known as the Asian Steppe wildcat or Indian Desert cat. It is a subspecies of the Wildcat. 

It lives mainly in the Thar Desert, and the Rann of Kutch in India and Pakistan. It is about the size of a domestic cat, with a pale yellowish body marked with black spots.


Western woolly flying squirrel

The woolly flying squirrel ("Eupetaurus cinereus") is a squirrel. It is the only species of the genus "Eupetaurus". 

Until recently scientific knowledge of this rare species was limited to 11 skins collected in the late nineteenth century. However, recent research has confirmed that it is still extant in Pakistan-administered Kashmir (P.A.K). It is the longest member of the family Sciuridae and the most massive gliding animal known, but observations confirm that despite its size, it does glide effectively like other flying squirrels.

Wild yak

The wild yak ("Bos mutus") is a large wild bovid native to the Himalayas in Central Asia. It is the ancestor of the domestic yak ("Bos grunniens").

Most yaks are domestic, which means they live on farms run by people. There are a few wild yak but there are not many left and are in danger of extinction. There may be as few as 100 yak left in the wild. Wild male yaks stand about 2–2.2 meters tall at the shoulder, the females about 1 metre. Domestic Yaks are shorter, between 1 and 2 metres for both males and females. All yaks have long, thick hair to keep them warm in the cold places they live. Wild yaks can be black or brown. Some domestic yaks are white. All kinds of yaks have horns. 

Yaks are herd animals. This means they live in groups called "herds". Yaks are "herbivores", they don't eat meat. The oldest yaks can live up to 25 years.

STV (TV channel)

STV is a free television channel in Scotland. It is part of the ITV network. It is one of the five main channels in Northern and Central Scotland. It started in 2006, when the old Grampian Television (Northern Scotland) and Scottish Television (Central Scotland) were merged. STV has the channel 3 licence in these areas. In the Scottish Borders, ITV is shown. STV's director is Gordon MacMillan.

Scotsport

Scotsport is a television programme on STV in Scotland. It covers the results of football in Scottish games.

BBC Scotland

BBC Scotland is a part of the BBC in Scotland. It operates the television and radio channels in Scotland.


BBC Radio Scotland

BBC Radio Scotland is BBC Scotland's national English language radio network. It broadcasts a wide variety of programming including news, sport, music, the arts, comedy, drama, history and lifestyle. It replaced the Scottish opt-out part of BBC Radio 4 in November 1978.

BBC Radio Scotland was founded as a full-time radio network in 1978, although the name had been used since 1974 for the Scottish opt-out parts of BBC Radio 4. The creation of a separate network was made possible when Radio 4 became a fully national network and moved from medium wave to long wave.

Opt-out stations were established in Inverness and Aberdeen in 1976, followed by Orkney and Shetland in 1977, and Selkirk and Dumfries in 1983. Previously planned opt-outs in Edinburgh, Glasgow and Dundee were never realised.

The station broadcasts a wide range of programming including news, debate, music and sport commentaries.

News and current affairs programming has always constituted the dominant part of BBC Radio Scotland's schedules, especially on weekdays. In addition to regular news bulletins (usually hourly), the station broadcasts a wide range of longer in-depth news and current affairs programmes.

Good Morning Scotland (weekdays, 0600-0900) is Scotland's longest-running radio programme and one of the most popular in the country. It provides regular news, sport, business, travel and weather bulletins along with interviews and in-depth reports. It is similar to BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme, but from a Scottish perspective. It also includes the daily religious slot "Thought for the Day", again similar to that broadcast on Radio 4's "Today" programme.

The other daily news and current affairs strands are the "Morning Extra" phone-in (0905-1000), "Scotland Live" (1200-1245), "Newsdrive" (1600-1800) and the political news programme "Scotland At Ten" (2205-2230).

Weekend programmes include "Newsweek Scotland" (Sat, 0800-0900), "Shereen" (Sun, 0900-1000) and "The Business" (Sun, 1000-1030).

Like Radio 5 Live, BBC Radio Scotland covers most of the major sporting events in Scotland. It holds exclusive rights to the Scottish Premier League and operates its Sportsound programme on a multitude of frequencies on Saturdays when games are being played. Other sporting events that can be heard on Radio Scotland include both of Scotland's domestic football cup competitions, Scotland football internationals and European games affecting Scottish teams and the rugby union Six Nations championships. Alongside the live action sports programmes, Radio Scotland also produces popular sporting shows such as football fanzine Off the Ball, phone-in forum "Your Call with Jim Traynor" and the multi-sports programme "Sports Weekly", presented by former Scotland rugby player, John Beattie.

Orkney and Shetland each have a half hour daily news programme — "Around Orkney" (0730-0800) and "Good Evening Shetland" (1730-1800). During the winter months, this is supplemented for both areas by an hour long programme, broadcast Monday-Friday, between 1805-1900. Local bulletins are broadcast from Selkirk, Dumfries, Aberdeen and Inverness throughout the day.

Controllers of BBC Radio Scotland hold the title "Head of Radio, BBC Scotland" on account of BBC Scotland's radio productions for other BBC networks.


Daily Record

The Daily Record is a Scottish newspaper printed in Glasgow. For many years, it had been the best-selling daily paper in Scotland, with average sales of 363,411 as of April 2008.

Daily Mirror

The Daily Mirror is a British newspaper. It was founded on 2 November 1903.

The "Daily Mirror" was launched on 2 November 1903 by Alfred Harmsworth (later Lord Northcliffe) as a newspaper for women, run by women. Hence the name: he said, "I intend it to be really a mirror of feminine life as well on its grave as on its lighter sides...to be entertaining without being frivolous, and serious without being dull", and also invited men to read it. It cost one penny.

It was not an immediate success. In 1904, he decided to turn it into a pictore newspaper, changing the masthead to "The Daily Illustrated Mirror" and made Hamilton Fyfe editor who then fired all the women journalists. This name ran from 26 January to 27 April 1904 (issues 72 to 150), then reverted to "The Daily Mirror". The first issue did not have advertisements on the front page as previously, but instead news text and engraved pictures (of a traitor and an actress), with the promise of photographs inside. Two days later, the price was dropped to one halfpenny and to the masthead was added: "A paper for men and women". This combination was more successful: by issue 92, the guaranteed circulation was 120,000 copies and by issue 269, it had grown to 200,000:

Harmsworth sold the newspaper to his brother Harold Harmsworth (from 1914 Lord Rothermere) in 1913. In 1917, the price was increased to one penny. Circulation continued to grow: in 1919, some issues sold more than 1 million copies a day, making it the largest daily picture paper.

By the mid 1930s, the "Mirror" was struggling – it and the "Mail" were the main casualties of the early 1930s circulation war that saw the "Daily Herald" and the "Daily Express" establish circulations of more than two million, and Rothermere decided to sell his shares in it.

In the late 1930s the paper moved from being a conservative, middle-class newspaper into a left-wing paper for the working class. The "Mirror" was the first UK paper to adopt the look of the New York tabloids. By 1939, it was selling 1.4 million copies a day.

It was threatened with closure in World War II because Churchill thought a cartoon made fun of the navy. The cartoon showed a sailor clinging to a piece of wreckage. It attacked the waste of petrol, and other goods, that sailors were trying to bring across the Atlantic and avoid being killed by German submarines.

The "Mirror"'s mass working-class readership had made it the United Kingdom's best-selling daily tabloid newspaper. In 1960, it bought the "Daily Herald" (the popular daily of the labour movement) when it bought Odhams, in one of a series of takeovers which created the International Publishing Corporation (IPC). The "Mirror" management did not want the "Herald" competing with the "Mirror" for readers, and in 1964, relaunched it as a mid-market paper, now named the "Sun". When it failed to win readers, the "Sun" was sold to Rupert Murdoch — who immediately relaunched it as a more populist and sensationalist tabloid as a direct competitor to the "Mirror". In 1978, "The Sun" overtook the "Mirror" in circulation, and in 1984 the "Mirror" was sold to Robert Maxwell.

After Maxwell's death in 1991, the "Mirror" went through a protracted crisis before merging with the regional newspaper group Trinity to form Trinity Mirror in 1999. In recent years, the paper's circulation has also been overtaken by that of the "Daily Mail".

The Daily and Sunday Mirror are now printed at Watford and Oldham by Trinity Mirror.

In 2002, the "Mirror" changed its masthead logo from red to black, because the term "red top" is a name for a sensationalist mass-market tabloid. Sometimes it was blue. On 6 April 2005, the red top came back.

Under then-editor Piers Morgan, it opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and ran many front pages critical of the war. It also gave financial support to the 15 February 2003 anti-war protest, paying for a large screen and providing thousands of placards.

The "Mirror"'s front page on 4 November 2004, after the re-election of George W. Bush as U.S. President, read "How can 59,054,087 people be so DUMB?". It gave a list of states and their average IQ, showing the Bush states all below average intelligence (except for Virginia), and all Kerry states at or above average intelligence. The source for this table was "The Economist", though it was a hoax. Richard Wallace became editor in 2004.

Source: "Tabloid Nation" p. 248.


Boiga

Boiga is a large genus of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snakes typically known as the cat-eyed snakes or just cat snakes. 


"Boiga" at The Reptile Database

Bungarus

Bungarus is a genus of elapid snakes. They are commonly known as kraits. Kraits are venomous. They are found in India and South-East Asia.

Common krait

The Common Krait ("Bungarus caeruleus") is a type of snake that is found in the jungles of India. This snake is a very poisonous. It is one of the "big four" snakes in India.

Daboia

Daboia is an Old World venomous vipers. It was named after Patrick Russell (1726-1805). Patrick Russell was a Scottish
herpetologist, who studied many Indian snakes. The Russell's Viper is one of the four most venomous snakes in India, and it causes the most deaths of all the venomous snakes. 

Russell's vipers can grow up to the length of 166 centimeters (5.5 ft), but they are usually around the length of 120 centimeters (4 ft). The Russell's viper is usually dark yellow or brown in colour with many black spots. The viper is found in Asia.

Russell's Viper is found in open grassy and bushy areas, farmlands, coastal lowlands, plains and hills. 

The Russell's Viper is Terrestrial (lives on the ground) and is usually nocturnal, but in cool weathers it is diurnal. When threaten it raises its head and makes a hissing noise which is said to be louder than other snakes. Their bite may sometimes be a simple snap, or sometimes the jaws hang on to the enemy for a few seconds. Adults are said to be slow and sluggish but when disturbed they become aggressive. Since of its aggressiveness and venom many animals and people are scared of this snake. That is why another snake, Rough-scaled Sand Boa, mimics the color pattern of the Russell's Viper so it looks like the Russell's Viper, but it is actually harmless. Adult's venom glands hold around 21–268 mg of venom, while young one's venom glands hold around 8–79 mg of venom.

The Russell's Viper eats rodents such as rats, mice, and squirrels, land crabs, lizards, shrews, scorpions and other arthropods. Young Russell's Vipers are said to be cannibals, meaning they eat each other.

The Russell's Viper is viviparous: they give live birth. They mate early in the year and a female is pregnant for around six months before giving birth to her young in May to November, but usually in June or July. A female gives birth to around 20-40 young at a time, and the young are around 215-260 millimeters long when they are born. A Russell's Viper becomes mature after around 2–3 years.

Not including the nominate subspecies, the Indian Russell's Viper ("D. r. russelii"), there is only one subspecies, the Eastern Russell's Viper ("D. r. siamensis").

Geoclemys hamiltonii

Black Pond turtle or Spotted Pond turtle "Geoclemys hamiltonii" is a species of turtle found in South Asia.

Atomicity

Modern database systems are governed by the ACID principle. In that context, several operations can be grouped into what is called a transaction. From the outside, there are two points in time: before the transaction, and after the transaction. If one operation of this transaction fails, the whole transaction will. In other words: Either all the operations are done, or none is. An example of an atomic transaction is a monetary transfer from bank account A to account B. 

Reed–Solomon error correction

Reed-Solomon error correction is a forward error correction code. It works by oversampling a polynomial constructed from the data. The polynomial is evaluated at several points, and these values are sent or recorded. Sampling the polynomial more often than is necessary makes the polynomial over-determined. As long as it receives "many" of the points correctly, the receiver can recover the original polynomial even in the presence of a "few" bad points. 

Reed-Solomon codes are used in many different kinds of commercial applications, for example in CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray Discs, in data transmission technologies such as DSL & WiMAX, and broadcast systems such as DVB and ATSC.
Reed-Solomon codes are block codes. This means that a fixed block of input data is processed
into a fixed block of output data. In the case of the most commonly used R-S code (255, 223) – 223 Reed-Solomon input symbols (each eight bits long) are encoded into 255 output symbols.

The Reed-Solomon code, like the convolutional code, is a transparent code. This means that if
the channel symbols have been inverted somewhere along the line, the decoders will still
operate. The result will be the complement of the original data. However, the Reed-Solomon
code loses its transparency if virtual zero fill is used. For this reason it is mandatory that the
sense of the data (i.e., true or complemented) be resolved before Reed-Solomon decoding.

In the case of the Voyager program R-S codes reach near optimal performance when concatenated with the (7, 1/2) convolutional (Viterbi) inner code. Since two check symbols are required for each error to be corrected, this results in a total of 32 check symbols and 223 information symbols per codeword.

In addition, the Reed-Solomon codewords can be interleaved on a symbol basis before being
convolutionally encoded. Since this separates the symbols in a codeword, it becomes less likely
that a burst from the Viterbi decoder disturbs more than one Reed-Solomon symbol in any one
codeword.

The key idea behind a Reed-Solomon code is that the data encoded is first visualized as a polynomial. The code relies on a theorem from algebra that states that any "k" distinct points "uniquely" determine a polynomial of degree at most "k"-1. 

The sender determines a degree formula_1 polynomial, over a finite field, that represents the formula_2 data points. The polynomial is then "encoded" by its evaluation at various points, and these values are what is actually sent. During transmission, some of these values may become corrupted. Therefore, more than "k" points are actually sent. As long as enough values are received correctly, the receiver can deduce what the original polynomial was, and decode the original data.

In the same sense that one can correct a curve by interpolating past a gap, a Reed-Solomon code can bridge a series of errors in a block of data to recover the coefficients of the polynomial that drew the original curve.

The code was invented in 1960 by Irving S. Reed and Gustave Solomon, who were then members of MIT Lincoln Laboratory. Their seminal article was entitled "Polynomial Codes over Certain Finite Fields." When it was written, digital technology was not advanced enough to implement the concept. The first application, in 1982, of RS codes in mass-produced products was the compact disc, where two interleaved RS codes are used. An efficient decoding algorithm for large-distance RS codes was developed by Elwyn Berlekamp and James Massey in 1969. Today RS codes are used in hard disk drive, DVD, telecommunication, and digital broadcast protocols.

GNU Parted

GNU Parted is a free computer program for creating, destroying, resizing, checking, and copying partitions, and the file systems on them. This is useful for creating space for new operating systems, reorganising hard disk usage, copying data between hard disks, and disk imaging. It was written by Andrew Clausen and Lennert Buytenhek.

GParted is a graphical program using the parted libraries. It is adapted for GTK+. It is often included as utility on many live CD distributions to make partitioning easier.

Continuum (album)

Continuum is the 3rd studio album by rock musician John Mayer. The album was released in September 2006. The album holds singles by "John Mayer" like "Waiting on the World to Change", "Gravity", and "Belief".

The album features mainly new songs, though "Gravity" and "Vultures" are available in live versions from John Mayer Trio's "Try!", and "", which is a Jimi Hendrix cover: the first Hendrix cover that Mayer has ever recorded as a studio release (although Mayer has recorded other Hendrix songs over time in live settings such as "The Wind Cries Mary" and "Wait Until Tomorrow"). (Mayer had played "Bold as Love" live many times prior to the release of "Continuum" such as on the televised "Tsunami Aid: A Concert of Hope" which aired on January 15, 2005.) The album contains a collaboration between Mayer and 8-string guitarist Charlie Hunter on the song "In Repair".



Album

Chir pine

The Chir pine (Pinus roxburghii) named after William Roxburgh, is a pine native to the Himalayas. It has little green needle type leaves.

Ulmus villosa

Ulmus villosa (Brandis ex Gamble, the Cherry-bark Elm) is one of the more distinctive Asiatic elms. It can live a long time.

Transformers

Transformers are make-believe robots that are made by a toy company named Hasbro. In the story, they come from a planet called Cybertron. There are two main types of Transformers. These are the Autobots, the good guys, and the Decepticons, the bad guys. The leader of the Autobots is named Optimus Prime, and the leader of the Decepticons is named Megatron. Transformers can transform into different things like cars, planes, guns, and animals. Transformers were first made in 1984. There have been many different Transformers toys and stories since then.

Some people call the first Transformers toys, shows, and comics "G1" or "Generation One". The first Transformers toys were made in Japan. In Japan, the toys were from different toy lines called Microman and Diaclone. Hasbro took some of the same toys, gave some of them different colors, and called them Transformers. They asked a comic book writer named Bob Budiansky to name the robots. Bob Budiansky also decided what the robots liked, what they disliked, and how they felt about things. In Japan, at first the robots did not have names and were not alive. They were just machines that were driven by people. Bob Budiansky also wrote the Transformers comic book that was made by Marvel Comics. Spider-Man was even in one of the early Transformers comics.

There was also a Transformers cartoon on TV. The TV show told a different story than the comic book. In the cartoon, the Autobots were looking for energy (called energon, which was also the life-blood of the Transformers.) and the Decepticons chased them to Earth. In the comic book, the Autobots had to stop an asteroid (a big rock in space) from crashing into Cybertron. Another difference is that the story behind each character is different in the cartoon for a lot of robots, like the Dinobots, Jetfire (who is called Skyfire on TV), the Constructicons, and Omega Supreme. Even the way new robots were created was different. In the comic book, Optimus Prime uses the Creation Matrix to make new Transformers. In the cartoon, there is a computer called Vector Sigma that can make new robots. Modern Transformers Lore accepts that the Transformers were created by Primus, the god of the transformers, and that the supercomputer Vector Sigma is used for a different purpose.

In 1986, a Transformers movie was made. It was called The Transformers: the Movie and was a story about the future. In the story, it is the year 2005. Optimus Prime is killed by Megatron, and passes the Autobot Matrix of Leadership to a new Autobot called Ultra Magnus, who becomes the new Autobot leader. However, in the end an Autobot named Hot Rod actually becomes the new leader, as the Matrix had deemed him worthy, and he becomes Rodimus Prime. The Autobots have to stop a planet-eating monster called Unicron, who can also transform into a giant robot. Unicron also meets Megatron and gives him a new body and a new name, and he becomes Galvatron. At the end of the movie, Unicron is destroyed. 

""I have summoned you here for a purpose."" -Unicron

The TV show also told the story of the year 2005. We learn that the Transformers were once robot slaves who had to work for aliens called Quintessons. The Autobots did not like being slaves, so they chased the Quintessons away from Cybertron. Kids liked Optimus Prime and were sad that he died, so the writers made a story in which he came back to life, but it was too late and the show was soon discontinued in America. In Japan, the TV show continued with new cartoons that were not seen in America.

The comic book was still being made after the TV show ended. Many robots who were not seen in the cartoon were in the comic book, like Darkwing and Skids. There was even a story about how the Transformers met G.I. Joe, another Hasbro toy line.

Beast Wars was about Transformers who could turn into animals. They looked like real animals, but they were robots in disguise. The good guys were called Maximals, and their leader was Optimus Primal. The bad guys were called Predacons, and their leader's name was Megatron. (He was a different Megatron from the Decepticon leader.) In the story, the Maximals and Predacons crashed on Earth a very long time ago, but they did not know where they were. Also, there was too much energy on the planet and it hurt their bodies. They turned into animals to protect themselves from the energy. They could only turn into robots for a short time before the energy started to hurt them.

Later in the story, many of the robots turn into Transmetals, which means they looked like robot animals instead of real animals. The Predacons find out they are on Earth, and Megatron tries to find the Autobots and Decepticons, who are on a space ship called the Ark. Megatron tries to kill Optimus Prime, who is still sleeping, so that he can change the future.

There was another show called Beast Machines that continues the story that started in Beast Wars. At the end of Beast Wars, the Maximals tried to catch Megatron. At the beginning of Beast Machines, he escapes and takes control over Cybertron. There are only four Maximals left and Megatron tries to stop them. Megatron creates new robots called Vehicons, who try to catch the Maximals. Later, we learn that the Vehicons are really Maximals or Predacons that Megatron caught and tried to control. In the story, we also learn that even though Cybertron is a dead, metal planet, it used to be a living planet like Earth.

The origins of the transformers vary throughout the media. It is generally accepted that the original transformers, the 13 primes, were created by Primus, the god of the Transfomers, to stop Unicron, the dark god. However, in the original series, the Quintessons claim to have created the Transformers, though in modern lore they have been accepted to be lying.
In the beginning, there were two gods, Primus and Unicron. where they came from, we do not know. The one who created them is only known as "the one." The brothers traveled together for a time, exploring the universe. but they saw it differently. Primus was amazed by life and all of the beautiful things on the planets they passed, but Unicron saw it all as inferior and wanted to destroy it all. Eventually, Primus tried to stop Unicron. They fought a battle that raged across the cosmos, neither one able to best the other. But Unicron grew stronger. He devoured planets, and gained more energy. Primus knew that he could not win, that eventually he would be overtaken. No matter where in the universe they were, the Gods could find each other. So, Primus hid. He changed the game, turned the table. He took himself out of the game, because he knew he could not win. He shifted into a new form, and powered down to an eternal slumber. He created new beings to stop Unicron, giving them each a part of his own power, something that Unicron could never do. He created the Thirteen Primes. Soon, Unicron would be defeated.

Hoatzin

The hoatzin ("Opisthocomus hoazin") is a tropical bird found in swamps, river forests, and mangroves of the Amazon and the Orinoco delta in South America.

They are the only bird which eats leaves as a main part of their diet. Their gut has special adaptations which help their digestion.

The hoatzin is also notable for having young with claws on two of their wing digits. They are the only living member of the family Opisthocomidae. Its close relatives probably died out long ago. There has been much debate about the hoatzin's relationships with other birds.

Hoatzin chicks are born with hooks on their wings. They use the hooks to climb around in the trees before they are large enough to fly. Hoatzins can fly only short distances even when they are fully grown, so they usually climb.

They build their nests over water. If danger threatens, the birds dive into the water. They climb back up the tree after the danger has passed.
Hoatzins communicate through unusual sounds that resemble wheezing, grunting, growls, and hisses.

The hoatzin is the only bird that digests leaves. Their odor has been compared to fresh cow dung. The odor is caused by their digestive system.

The hoatzin eats the leaves and some fruits and flowers of plants which grow in the wet habitats where it lives. It clambers around clumsily among the branches. Once it was thought that the species only could eat the leaves of arums and mangroves, but the species does eat the leaves of more than fifty species. One study undertaken in Venezuela found that the hoatzin diet was 82% leaves, 10% flowers, and 8% fruit.
One of this species' many peculiarities is that it has a digestive system unique amongst birds. Hoatzins use bacterial fermentation in the front part of the gut to break down the vegetable material, much as cattle and other ruminants do. Unlike ruminants, however, which have the rumen (a specialized stomach for bacterial fermentation), the hoatzin has an unusually large crop, folded in two chambers, and a large, multi-chambered lower oesophagus. Its stomach chamber and gizzard are much smaller than in other birds.

The crop of the hoatzin is so large that it displaces the flight muscles and keel of the sternum. This is why they fly so poorly. Because of aromatic compounds in the leaves they eat, and the bacterial fermentation, the bird has a disagreeable, manure-like odor. It is only hunted by humans for food in times of great need. If the bird feeds on insects or other animal matter, that is purely accidental.

So far (2015) very few birds have had their total genome analysed. More recently, a start was made to sequence the entire genome of the hoatzin. As of 2011, it was reported that more than 1.4 billion base pairs of hoatzin DNA had been sequenced, roughly equal to its entire haploid genome, but that only about 2.4% of its genome had yet been assembled. Of birds, the genomes of only four species have been sequenced. Much might be learned by coordinating these efforts with analysing the hoatzin foregut ruminant bacterial microflora. At present, the nearest relatives of the hoatzin are not known. There is a fossil record which suggests its lineage is fairly ancient.

Tasman Peninsula

Tasman Peninsula is 75 km by road south-east of Hobart, at the south east corner of Tasmania, Australia.
Tasman Peninsula is south and west of Forestier Peninsula. It is connected by a very narrow piece of land (isthmus) called Eaglehawk Neck. The Forestier Peninsula is joined to the rest of Tasmania by an isthmus called East Bay Neck, near the town of Dunalley about 60 km from Hobart.

There are a lot of things for visitors to see including the Conservation Park, on the main highway at Taranna, the Port Arthur Historic Site and a number of beaches.

The first people to live here were the Australian aborigines. They were part of a group known as the Ostyer Bay tribe. This large group lived on the east coast of Tasmania. The Tasman Peninsula is named after Dutch explorer Abel Tasman.

The first European settlement of the Peninsula was Port Arthur in the 1830s. It was selected as a penal colony because it was isolated from the rest of Tasmania. It could be easily got to by sea. The other prison colony at Macquarie Harbour on the west coast was too difficult to get to by sea. The prisoners there were moved to a new prison at Port Arthur. The peninsula also had a lot of trees that could be used for ship building and building houses. It had a deep sheltered harbour where visiting British warships could be repaired. Eaglehawk Neck was lined with guards and guard dogs, to prevent the escape of any convicts. Some did escape, including the bushranger Martin Cash.

The Saltwater River, Tasmania historic site (entry free) is near the north west tip of the peninsula. It was originally the site of a coal mine. Prisoners dug for coal during the day and lived in underground cells at night.

The prison at Port Arthur is now a tourist attraction. Tourism is a major business in most of Tasmania. Bushwalking is also popular in the remote parts of the peninsula. Popular places to walk to include Cape Raoul and Cape Pillar at the south west and south east ends of the Peninsula, on either side of the entrance to Port Arthur.

It is now the main area in the battle to save the Tasmanian Devil from extinction. The devils have been getting a new type of cancer called Devil Facial Tumour Disease (DFTD). It has spread quickly through the devil population. The disease has already killed more than half of the Tasmanian devils.

The peninsula's isolation from the Tasmanian mainland is ideal for keeping a healthy wild Tasmanian devil population. This project involves the local Tasmanian Devil Conservation Park at Taranna and government and university scientists.

The rocky coastline has been the site of a number of shipwrecks. Two large steam ships have sunk after hitting the Hyppolyte Rocks off the east coast - the "Tasman" in 1883 and the "Nord" in 1915. Munroe Bight to the north of Cape Pillar is named after the American ship "James Munroe" wrecked there in 1850.

In the years between convict settlement and the start of the modern tourist industry the area most people worked in the timber industry and fishing. The area was not suitable for big farms. There are some fruit orchards and some small mixed farms. The area was isolated until a regular river steamer began sailing from Port Arthur to Hobart in the 1880s. From 1900 to the 1930s the main shipping company was the Huon, Channel & Peninsula Steamship Company. They owned several ships including the M.V. "Cartela".

Many smaller towns are also on the Tasman Peninsula. The largest are Nubeena and Koonya. Smaller villages are Premaydena, Highcroft and Stormlea.

The local government area is the Tasman Council. The major road to Hobart is called the Arthur Highway. The current population is around 2000. In summer the area gets many visitors and the population rises to around 6000.

The Tasman Peninsula is well known for its rocky eastern coastline. Much of it is now in the Tasman National Park. At Eaglehawk Neck the rocks have made many strange shapes and patterns. These include Remarkable Caves, Tasman's Arch and the Tessellated Pavement. On the south of the peninsula are the highest sea cliffs in the southern hemisphere, rising 300 m above the Tasman Sea at Cape Hauy. The peninsula is claimed as one of Australias best surfing spots at Cape Roaul and Roaring Beach.



Non-player character

A non-player character (or an NPC) is a character played by a computer in a video game. NPCs are in many video games and help the player learn how to play the game or guide the player through the game.

Breaking Dawn

Breaking Dawn is the fourth and last novel in the "Twilight" series by Stephenie Meyer. The novel is divided into three sections called 'books'. The story in Book One and Book Three is told from the perspective of Bella Swan. Book Two is from the perspective of Jacob Black, Bella's werewolf friend. "Breaking Dawn" was released on August 2, 2008 with a special midnight release in many bookstores.

As the book opens, Bella is driving a Mercedes Guardian that Edward has bought to protect her from getting into trouble. After informing Bella's parents of their engagement, Bella and Edward marry in a traditional wedding ceremony. The wedding has a minor disturbance during a confrontation between Jacob, Bella and Edward. Not wanting to spoil her wedding day, Bella puts aside her disappointment in Jacob's unpleasantness. Edward and Bella soon depart for their honeymoon off the coast of Brazil. Edward then fulfills Bella's wish and makes love to her. The next day they argue because Edward's passionate lovemaking leaves dark bruises all over Bella's body. He then refuses to make love to her while she is still human. Meanwhile, she has a recurrent dream of a small, green-eyed boy that she feels compelled to protect she also has dreams of her and Edward making love. Bella also finds herself constantly hungry and sick. But soon after Bella awakes in the middle of a dream crying; Edward asks whats wrong and instead of telling him she decices to show him and kisses him very passionately and Edward gives in. They have made love multiple times and upon seeing a box of unused tampons in her suitcase, she realizes that her period is late and she is pregnant. Though Bella has longed for a child, she becomes immediately attached to her baby when she becomes aware of its existence. Edward, however, is only concerned for her health, and after hearing stories from a local woman (who suspects that Edward is a vampire) of similar situations that resulted in the mothers' deaths, Edward wants to get rid of the baby. Book one ends as Edward prepares to bring Bella home where he says that Carlisle will "take care of it," and as Bella secretly calls Rosalie for help.

The book is told from Jacob's perspective. He receives news of Edward and Bella's return, and that Carlisle has told Charlie that Bella is quarantined because she has contracted a rare disease in South America. Jacob assumes that Bella has been bitten and transformed. He is upset when Sam Uley, acting Alpha of the pack, declares that the pack will not retaliate. Jacob, full of anger, decides that if the pack will not retaliate collectively, he will act alone. Formulating strategies of attack, he runs to the Cullen house. When he arrives, however, he discovers that things aren't as he expected. Bella, as opposed to being a newborn vampire, is already heavily pregnant with Edward's and her child. It is clear that the child's rapid growth is starving and hurting Bella.

When Jacob returns to his wolf state, his thoughts inadvertently inform the pack of Bella's state. This causes fear and anger among the werewolves; they don't know how the child might act since the child is an offspring of a vampire. Sam commands the pack in the double-timbre of the Alpha, to obey his decision to destroy Bella and her unborn child. Jacob, who still loves Bella, disagrees, revolts, assumes his inherited Alpha position and leaves Sam's pack. Seth, then Leah Clearwater, soon join Jacob and the threesome form a pack with Jacob as Alpha. Jacob, Leah and Seth patrol the Cullen territory to forewarn the family of any impending werewolf attack.

As the fetus continues to develop at an alarmingly accelerated rate, Bella's health worsens. During Bella's pregnancy, Edward realizes he can read the child's mind, and is astonished to discover that the baby already loves Bella. As he hears his child's thoughts, Edward begins to love the baby as well. This leaves Jacob feeling betrayed, as he was counting on Edward to hate the baby more than he.

Bella goes into labor approximately a month after the honeymoon. The hard placenta that surrounds the child cracks; Bella begins vomiting blood. The child breaks free and Bella is very near death. Edward delivers the baby, a girl, and begins CPR, then transforms Bella into a vampire. He injects his venom into her heart and bites her in several places. Believing that Bella is dead and that there is no hope she will be resuscitated, Jacob leaves the room and goes to kill the baby whom he holds responsible. He finds her in Rosalie's arms and looks into the baby's eyes. They are exactly the same shade of brown as Bella's. Jacob imprints on her.

The book returns to Bella's perspective. She has just given birth to her daughter, and is now experiencing the painful transformation from human to vampire. After two days, she opens her eyes. The Cullens are wary of Bella as newborn-vampires are volatile. Yet, Bella manages to exhibit some self-control unseen in normal newborns. She wishes to see her daughter, Renesmee, but since Renesmee is part-human, the family believes Bella will be unable to control her newborn thirst if she sees the child so soon without first hunting.
Edward takes Bella on her first hunt to ease her thirst. Before they leave, Alice shows Bella her reflection. She has transformed into a stunningly beautiful woman with flawless skin and newborn-vampire red eyes. Bella does not recognize her reflection at first due to her volatile-looking red eyes.

Upon returning, Bella is allowed to see her daughter because of her demonstration of self-control in the woods when she smelled humans approaching. Because Renesmee is growing at an astonishing rate, she looks older than her calendar age. Bella learns of Renesmee's gift - the ability to communicate by sending images to people's minds through touch. Bella is infuriated when she learns that Jacob has imprinted on Renesmee, and says it is his fault that he has imprinted on her child. She loses her self-control and she tries to attack Jacob. She breaks Seth's collarbone and shoulder when he steps between the two. She then manages to calm down. Renesmee leads to a truce between the Quilleutes and the Cullens because of Jacob's imprinting. Differences between Sam and Jacob's packs are soon settled as well and they become co-existent Alphas.

Unfortunately for the Cullen family, Irina, a vampire from the Denali clan, sees Renesmee and mistakenly informs the Volturi that Renesmee is a forbidden immortal child. The Cullen family understands that Irina is mistaken and decides the only way to enlighten the Volturi and prevent an attack is to present Renesmee with a large group of credible witnesses.

After leaving a note with Sam Uley from the copyright page of Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice", Alice and Jasper suddenly leave the Cullens. Since the couple does not provide a warning or reason, the Cullen family does not know why the couple has fled, and assumes that Alice has foreseen there is no hope for the situation. Since it was her copy of the book, Bella perceives this as a sign from Alice. She returns to the cottage and she finds that Alice has written a name and address on another page of the book. When Bella goes to the address, she finds that it leads to the office of a lawyer who can forge documents. Bella requests documents for Jacob and Renesmee, should they need to escape if a fight ensues with the Volturi. Meanwhile, nomadic, vegetarian, and clans of vampires arrive at the Cullen estate after the family begins to seek their friends' assistance with the Volturi. Most of them are enthralled by Renesemee, and almost all agree to bear witness to the Volturi that she is not an immortal child.

Bella also discovers that her power of mind-privacy has a shielding effect and she wonders if she can extend this protection to others. During the month of preparation for the Volturi, several of the vampires with quantifiable supernatural talents teach Bella how to expand the barrier. When the Volturi and Irina finally arrive, all of the vampires and the werewolves meet in a clearing in the forest. The Volturi discover that they have been misinformed and immediately execute Irina for her mistake. However, the Volturi are not satisfied to leave because the Volturi leaders want the exceptionally gifted vampires to join them. Those on Bella's side are protected when Bella's shield disables the Volturi's offensive fighters, Alec and Jane. Aro, Caius and Marcus decide to vote on whether or not Renesmee will be a danger to the vampire world when she attains maturity. Just before Aro can cast his deciding vote, Alice and Jasper return with another half-human, half-vampire from South America who is about one hundred fifty years-old. He and his three half-sisters (who are also half-vampire, half-human) are the children of a vampire who is creating a "super race." They have never caused any danger to the vampire world. Facing no other choice, Aro chooses to give up the fight, and the Volturi flee.

After leaving the Cullen estate for their cottage, Bella and Edward tuck Renesmee into her bed and proceed to their bedroom arm-in-arm. Bella tells Edward she wants to try something with him. She has been secretly practicing for this moment. Bella places her hands on his cheeks and tries to push away her shield. She conjures her special memories that she wants to share with Edward. He is finally able to see for the first time just how deeply she has always loved him. She wants to remove the barrier for Edward so he can access her mind. She says that they have only forever for her to perfect it. The "Twilight" series closes with ""And then we continued blissfully into this small but perfect piece of our forever.""

The cover of "Breaking Dawn" is a metaphor for Bella's changes during the entire story. She began as the weakest (at least physically, when compared to vampires and werewolves) player on the board: the pawn. She ended as the strongest: the queen.

The title "Breaking Dawn" is a reference to the beginning of Bella's vampire life.

"Entertainment Weekly" magazine printed a small part of "Breaking Dawn" on Friday, May 30, 2008. Stephenie Meyer also gave a 'Quote of the Day' from "Breaking Dawn" for about 3 weeks before the book was released on August 2, 2008. The first quote was on Meyer's website on July 12, 2008.
The first part of "Breaking Dawn", "Engaged", was released in the special edition of "Eclipse".

Some readers liked "Breaking Dawn" but others did not.
In an article on "The Daily News Tribute" Margaret Smith says of "Breaking Dawn" "You too might fall in love with its suspense and moving sensitivity -- and with the unlikely couple struggling to find light within their world’s heart of darkness."

In an interview on EW.com, Meyer talked about the fans' reaction to the book. She said the "wild reaction" fans had the "Rob Effect". She said the fans need time to accept the ending of "Breaking Dawn", just as they needed time to accept Robert Pattinson playing the role of Edward Cullen in the "Twilight" movie.

An article about "Breaking Dawn" on "nymag.com" asked: "Did 'Breaking Dawn' Ruin the Twilight Series?".
The article said: "The "L.A. Times' " Denise Martin didn't like it and says that unlike J.K. Rowling in her series finale, 'Meyer's bunted.'"

"The Washington Post" also did not like the book. It used comments such as, "...Meyer has put a stake through the heart of her own beloved creation," and, ""Breaking Dawn" has a childbirth sequence that may promote lifelong abstinence in sensitive types."


Shayne Ward

Shayne Ward (16 October 1984) is an English singer. He was born in Clayton, Greater Manchester. He won the 2005 UK series of television programme "The X Factor". He has released three studio albums.

The X Factor (British TV series)

The X Factor is a British television programme, in which ordinary people who want to be singers compete for a recording contract and a cash prize. It is shown from August-December each year on Saturdays and Sundays on the channel ITV. It replaced Pop Idol by Simon Cowell in 2004.

The show started being presented by Kate Thornton, but she left in Series 3 (2006.) Ben Shephard was hoping to present, but his offer was turned down. Instead, Dermot O'Leary took over in Series 4 (2007) and presented for 8 series, until his departure from the show in Series 10. Olly Murs and Caroline Flack became the first duo to host the show, but only lasted one season, mainly because they were very unpopular with the public. Dermot O'Leary returned to present the 13th series and has continued to present the show since.

The Xtra Factor was the spin-off show of the X Factor UK. It is broadcast on British Television channel ITV2. The hosts of the spin-off are well known for hosting for short periods of time. The first Xtra Factor host was Ben Shephard, and he quit in Series 3, because his offer of being the main presenter (after Kate Thornton's departure) was turned down by the show's producers. Fearne Cotton then hosted for the fourth series. Holly Willoughby, Cotton's close friend, replaced her during the following two series, but was replaced by Blue Peter former presenter, Konnie Huq in 2010, however, Konnie lasted only one series. Olly Murs and Caroline Flack became the first duo to host the Xtra Factor in Series 8, and they presented together for two seasons. Olly then left in order to focus on his music career. He was replaced by Matt Richardson, but then Caroline and Matt announced their leave. Sarah-Jane Crawford hosted for only the 11th season. The Saturdays singer Rochelle Humes teamed up with Melvin Odoom to present the Xtra Factor's twelfth season. Matt Edmondson and Rylan Clark-Neal presented the thirteenth and final series

On 18 January 2017, it was announced that "The Xtra Factor" would be axed after 13 years and would be replaced by an online show instead.

In 2006, there was a celebrity version titled The X Factor: Battle of the Stars." It saw nine celebrity acts perform over the course of 8 episodes. The winner (Lucy Benjamin) received money for her chosen charity as a prize. The judges were Simon, Sharon and Louis. In 2019, there was a similar version returned titled The X Factor: Celebrity." The judges were Simon, Louis and Nicole.

The X Factor: The Band was a one-time special edition of the show. It was a version with the aim of creating a new popular band. The show had four episodes. The girl group Real Like You won the live final. The show was judged by Simon Cowell, Nicole Scherzinger and former winner Leona Lewis.

Cheryl (singer)

Cheryl Ann Tweedy (born 30 June 1983), better known by her first name, Cheryl, is an English singer and dancer. She was a member of Girls Aloud.

In 2002, Cole auditioned for music reality show . She and four other girls, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts, Kimberley Walsh, and Nadine Coyle won the competition. They formed a group called Girls Aloud on 30 November 2002, which has since been very successful. They have had 20 top ten singles in the United Kingdom, and have been nominated for four BRIT Awards, winning best single for 'The Promise."

Cole was asked to become a judge on The X Factor in 2008. She won it in her first year with Alexandra Burke. Burke has had a number one single and a number one album in 2009. Cole won it again in 2009, mentoring the eventual winner Joe McElderry.

Cole released her first solo single, Fight for This Love, in October 2009 from her solo album "3 Words". It went straight to number one in the charts, becoming the best-selling song of 2009. Her new album 'Messy Little Raindrops' went straight to number one in the album charts, 'Promise This' is a hit single from the album. She has a new song called "Call My Name", which was released on 10 June 2012. Her autobiography was published in 2012.

In January 2003, Cole punched a toilet attendant in a nightclub in Guildford, Surrey. In October that year, she was convicted of assault occasioning actual bodily harm. She was sentenced to 120 hours of community service.

Cole married Chelsea and England football player Ashley Cole in July 2006. In February 2010, they announced their separation after several newspapers claimed he had been unfaithful with other women. She also dated Liam Payne.

Dannii Minogue

Danielle Jane "Dannii" Minogue (born 20 October 1971) is an Australian pop singer, actress, presenter and model. She is the sister of Kylie Minogue. Her most successful hit was "Who Do You Love Now". Other than singing, she is known for her television appearances in Australia and the United Kingdom.

She was a judge on the British television programme "The X Factor" from 2007 to 2010. She was also a judge on the first three seasons of the Australian "Masked Singer" and on the Australian version of "X Factor."

She was born Danielle Jane Minogue in Melbourne on 20 October 1971 to a Welsh immigrant mother and Irish-Australian father. 


Side project

In music, a side project is a musical project by one or more people who are already famous for their work in another band. The term "side project" can also be used when a musician changes their style. Side projects usually happen so that a musician can do music that they would not normally do as part of the band.

An example of this is the Japanese band Poppin’Party.

Martin Cash

Martin Cash (baptised 10 October 1808 – 26 August 1877) was a famous Australian bushranger. He was one of the few people who escaped from the prison at Port Arthur, Tasmania. In 1870 he wrote a book (autobiography) about his life.

Cash was born at Enniscorthy, County Wexford, Ireland. As a boy he worked on a farm at Wexford. In March 1827, he was convicted of stealing from houses. In his book, Cash says he shot a man in the bottom (buttocks). The man had been kissing and hugging Cash's mistress. He was sentenced to seven years transportation to Australia.

Cash was sent as a convict to Sydney, sailing in the ship "Marquis of Huntley". He was sent to work for George Bowman in the Hunter River area. After being set free, he continued to work for Bowman. He was suspected of stealing cattle so he left New South Wales and went to Van Diemen's Land with Bessie Clifford and arrived in February 1837. In 1839 he was again convicted of stealing and sent to prison for seven years. During the next three years he escaped three times. He nearly escaped from Port Arthur by swimming. He was given an extra four years in prison at Port Arthur.

On Boxing Day 1842 Martin Cash, with George Jones and Lawrence Kavenagh escaped from a work party. They hid in the thick bush and walked to Eaglehawk Neck. They swam across with their clothes tied up above their heads. They all lost their clothes and had to steal some. For nearly two years, they robbed mail coaches, houses and hotels. They almost never used violence and became known as 'gentlemen bushrangers'. They were called "Cash and Company". On July 14, 1843, the government offered a reward of 100 sovereigns or 100 acres of land for help in capturing Cash.

Cash thought that Bessie Clifford was with another man. He went to Hobart in August 1843, but was captured. During his capture he shot and killed a policeman. Cash was sentenced to death by hanging. At the last minute, the lieutenant-governor changed the punishment to prison for life. Cash was sent to Norfolk Island for ten years. He became a well-behaved prisoner and given some important jobs, such as looking after the young boys.

In March 1854, he was able to marry Mary Bennett (1824–1914), a convict from County Clare. He was let out of prison and went back to Tasmania. He worked in the gardens in the government Domain, Hobart. In May 1856, he went to New Zealand, but came back to Tasmania four years later. He bought a hop farm at Glenorchy. Cash told the story of his life to James Lester Burke, an Irish ex-convict. Burke wrote down the story which was published in Hobart in 1870. It has been reprinted many times. Martin Cash died on August 27, 1877.


Saga Prefecture

The area of Nagasaki Prefecture and Saga Prefecture was formerly called Hizen Province. The current name dates from the Meiji Restoration.

In the Edo period this area was called the .

"The Seven Wise Men of Saga" is the name for seven men from Saga. Each of them was important to the development of modern of Japan. They began changing the country around the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate. They continued modernizing Japan during the Meiji Restoration.



Saga is the smallest prefecture on Kyūshū. It is bordered by the Genkai Sea and the Tsushima Strait to the north and the Ariake Sea to the south. Nagasaki Prefecture is on its western border. Fukuoka Prefecture and Kumamoto Prefecture are east of Saga.

National Parks are established in about 11% of the total land area of the prefecture. 
"Yodohime jinja" and "Chiriku Hachiman-gū" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



What Is This?

What Is This? was a rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band started in 1977 with two friends from Fairfax High School, Hillel Slovak and Jack Irons, who formed a band called Anthym. Flea joined the band as bass player, before leaving to go to college. Flea and another school friend, Anthony Kiedis, asked Slovak and Irons to play with them in a one off group they called Tony Flow and the Miraculously Majestic Masters of Mayhem. This group became the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Hillel Slovak, Flea, and Jack Irons were members of both bands. Slovak and Irons left after Red Hot Chili Peppers' first album to keep playing with What Is This?M After Natasha Shneider joined the band, they changed their name to Walk The Moon and then to Eleven.

Shanghai World Financial Center

The Shanghai World Financial Center is a high skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It has 101 storeys and is currently the third tallest building in the world, because Burj Khalifa is the tallest. Inside the building, there are offices, hotels and shopping malls.

This building's roof is actually higher than Taipei 101's roof, but Taipei 101 has a spire on top, making Taipei 101 taller than Shanghai World Financial Center.

Black mamba

The black mamba ("Dendroaspis polylepis") belongs to the Elapidae family of snakes. It is the second largest venomous snake in the world. An adult black mamba can grow up to in length. The black mamba's skin is not actually black, it gets its name from the colour of the roof of its mouth. 

The black mamba lives in the south and the east of Africa. It is known around the world for its dangerous venom. It is very fast (it reaches speeds of 12 miles per hour) and can also climb very fast. The black mamba lives 10-11 years.

Black mambas enjoy rock-covered hills, forested savannah, and woods with rocks and fallen trees to shelter them. They also can be found in hollow trees and in termite mounds. If the black mamba is not disturbed, it will come back to a certain home all its life. They are typically found in subsaharan places in parts of south and east Africa. They can be found as far north as Eritrea, and as far west as Namibia, and in South Africa.

Black mambas eat small mammals like rodents, squirrels and bush babies. Sometimes they eat birds. They bite once or twice and then wait for their prey to become paralyzed and die. Then they eat them.

There is not much information on the predators of the black mamba, but snakes have many predators. Some predators are birds of prey, crocodiles, big frogs, mongooses, monitor lizards, foxes, jackals, and even humans. We kill them because we are afraid of their dangerous venom. Also, snake eggs are sometimes eaten by scavengers. They are timid and do not strike unless threatened.

The black mamba is a shy animal. They like to avoid other animals, but if another animal confronts them, they become aggressive. When the black mamba is threatened, it will raise its head, open its mouth, expand its hood, and flick its tongue. It will also hiss. Its bites are fast and it bites many times. Its venom can be fatal to us. The black mamba likes to bask in the sun, and it remembers the spot it basks at. They are fast and can climb trees quickly.

They communicate in the same ways that most snakes do. They use their eyes to detect motion, and if it is sudden they will attack. They 'see' with their tongue by collecting air particles and then putting them on an organ in their mouth. The organ senses what is around them with the air particles. They do not have ears on the outside of their body, but they can sense vibrations in the ground. Like many other snakes, if they are threatened, they will show aggression and signals that warn the attacker.

A black mamba's bite is easily enough to kill many adult men. The deadly poison takes between 30 minutes to 3 hours to kill, in most cases. Unlike most snakes it has enough venom to bite many times in a short period. A black mamba usually attacks the head of its prey if possible. This is so it can kill it's prey easily. For this reason a black mamba can raise itself to a height of almost four feet.

When the males and females are done mating, they go back to their homes. In two to three months the females will lay 6-17 eggs, which will hatch in 2-3 months. Black mambas do not interact with each other besides mating. They do not try to raise their young. When the female lays her eggs, she will put them in a safe place and leave them. The babies have to defend themselves from birth. Young black mambas stay in the egg for 2-3 months, and then they break through the shell with an 'egg tooth.' They are almost fully developed when they hatch, and they already have venom glands and can defend themselves mere minutes after their birth.
Black mambas mate in the early springtime. The male snakes will find a female by following their scent. When the male black mamba finds the female, he will inspect her with his tongue. Male snakes will fight a lot during the mating season. They intertwine their bodies and raise their heads up to one meter off the ground. It looks like dancing. 

The black mamba is related to all members of the elapidae family


Cucumber

The cucumber ("Cucumis sativus") is a widely grown plant in the family Cucurbitaceae. This family also includes squash. A cucumber looks similar to a zucchini (British English: courgette). 

To a botanist, cucumbers are biologically fruits even if they are commonly thought of as vegetables: that is their value as a food. They can be cooked, eaten raw, or pickled. Some people hollow out the cucumber and fill it with other food, like tomatoes or feta cheese. 

Anne Wood

Anne Wood CBE (born December 1, 1937) is a British children's television producer. Her independent production company, "Ragdoll Productions", was founded in 1984 and specialises in making original programming for children 10 and under. Ragdoll is based in Stratford-upon-Avon, UK and has produced "Pob", "Brum", "Rosie and Jim", "Tots TV", "Teletubbies", "Boohbah" and most recently "In the Night Garden".
She has won a BAFTA. 


List of Teletubbies episodes

This is a list of episodes of the children's television series with the Teletubbies.


Tim Whitnall

Timothy Charles "Tim" Whitnall (born 27 June 1961 in Canvey Island, Essex) is an English playwright, screenwriter, and actor known for playing Angelo in the long-running CITV series "Mike and Angelo" and narrating the BBC children's TV programme "Teletubbies" (UK and Canada). In the USA, the USA narrator was Rolf Saxon. He currently co-provides voices in "Thomas & Friends".

He has starred in many West End musicals including "Elvis", "Grease", "The Rocky Horror Show", and "Good Rockin' Tonight".

He worked extensively in film, TV, and radio and presented (and wrote for) the BBC School's series, "The Music Arcade" (with Lucie Skeaping), "Into Music", "Time and Tune", "Music Workshop", and "Let's Sing". He has provided many voice-overs and vocals for TV commercials, animations, and jingles.

Whitnall's theatre play "The Sociable Plover", first performed at Old Red Lion Theatre in 2005, was made into a feature film by Poisson Rouge Pictures and Solution Films (re-titled as "The Hide") and received its UK première on Film4 in February 2009. Following its screen release at the ICA Cinema, London, the film was released on DVD in January 2010. For this work, Whitnall was nominated for Best First Feature Length Screenplay category in the 2010 Writer's Guild of Great Britain Awards.

Whitnall's stage-play "Morecambe" – a tribute to the late comedian Eric Morecambe – won a Fringe First Award for 'innovation and excellence in new writing' at the 2009 Edinburgh Festival Fringe. The show opened at London's Duchess Theatre the following December and toured the UK through 2010. The piece was nominated in two separate categories in the 2010 Laurence Olivier Awards and won the 'Best Entertainment' category.

In 2012, BBC Four screened Whitnall's 90-minute drama "Best Possible Taste: The Kenny Everett Story", which examined and celebrated the life of Kenny Everett. It was directed by James Strong, produced by Paul Frift and starred Oliver Lansley and Katherine Kelly. For it, Whitnall won the Breakthrough Talent Award in the 2013 BAFTA Television Craft Awards.

During 2014, Whitnall joined the cast of the CGI version of the British TV series "Thomas & Friends", and has provided the voices of the characters Timothy and Reg (in the UK/US), and since 2015-6, Mike, Jerome and Oliver the Excavator in the UK/US.

He lives in Richmond, Surrey with his partner, Anna Murphy, with whom he has a production company, Feather Productions Ltd.

The College Dropout

The College Dropout is the debut album by rapper and producer Kanye West, released February 10, 2004. It was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album and Best Rap Song for "Jesus Walks" in 2005. The album has received great acclaim from critics and mainstream fans alike, for its balance of mainstream commercial appeal and its innovative subject matter. It has been called one of the greatest albums of all time by "Time" and "Rolling Stone".

Kanye West had gotten attention for his production but was not well-known for his rapping. He was turned down by record labels because he didn't have the gangsta image that was popular at that time. He eventually signed with Roc-A-Fella Records. In 2002, West was in a bad car accident which gave him a shattered jaw, so his jaw had to be wired shut. He recorded a song called "Through the Wire" with his jaw still wired shut. This song helped him get a starting point for the album.

The album was recorded at The Record Plant in California. The beats used mainly had pitch shifted samples from gospel and soul records. Some of the beats used were gathered over a long period of time. When the album was finished, it was leaked. West used this as an opportunity to re-assess the album and improve it. He added strings and gospel choirs into his songs.

The album was different from the gangsta rap that was popular at that time. The lyrics were on subjects that affected West's life such as family, religion, racism, materialism and more.

"The College Dropout" reached #1 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart, and reached #2 on the "Billboard" 200. In the UK, it peaked at #12 on the album chart and spent several months in the top 20. The album went triple platinum in the United States.

The first single from the album, "Through the Wire", was recorded while West's mouth was wired shut after a near-fatal car accident in October 2002. It features a Chaka Khan sample, peaked at #15 on the Billboard Hot 100 Singles chart while its successor "All Falls Down", which features R&B singer Syleena Johnson, peaked at #7. The third single, "Jesus Walks", peaked at #11 while a fourth extract, "The New Workout Plan", made a minor impression on the R&B/Hip-Hop charts (see list of US Billboard chart positions below). In the UK, "Through The Wire" peaked at #9 on the singles sales chart, "All Falls Down" peaked at #10, and "Jesus Walks" peaked at #11.


Information taken from "The College Dropout" liner notes.


73 (number)

73 (seventy-three) is a number. It comes after seventy-two, but before seventy-four. 73 is the 21st prime number. Its mirror, 37, is the 12th, and its mirror, 21, is the product of multiplying seven and three and in binary, 73 is a palindrome, 1001001, which backwards is 1001001.

Fowler Ridge Wind Farm

The Fowler Ridge Wind Farm is a wind farm in Benton County, Indiana, near the city of Fowler, IN about northwest of Indianapolis. Fowler Ridge was constructed in two phases and has a generating capacity of 600 MW. 

Shepherds Flat Wind Farm

The Shepherds Flat Wind Farm is an 845 megawatt (MW) wind farm in the eastern part of U.S. state of Oregon, near Arlington, in both Gilliam and Morrow counties. Building started in 2009, and it officially opened in September 2012. 


Pampa Wind Project

T. Boone Pickens, a former Texas oilman, is planning to build the world's largest wind farm, called the Pampa Wind Project, as part of the Pickens Plan. It will be developed by Pickens' company, Mesa Power. The proposed 4,000 MW facility will be located near Pampa, Texas, which is on the Texas Panhandle, and will stretch to the east, spanning 400,000 acres in five counties. This will provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes.

When it was planned, it would have been the largest wind farm in the United States. As of May 2008, the largest U.S. wind plant is the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center with a capacity of 736 MW.

Electric transmission lines must connect wind farms to the places where the electricity is used. People fought over whether wind farm owners or electricity users should pay to build these lines. On July 17, 2008, the Texas Public Utilities Commission ruled that ratepayers should pay $4.93 billion to build the lines to connect wind farms in the Texas Panhandle to the Texas electric grid. This implements a 2005 Texas law designed to promote new wind energy projects.

On March 2, 2009, Mesa Power announced that it was working on the first phase of the project. But had put off work on the later phases. It canceled 120 of 197 wind leases. 
In July 2009, Mesa Power delayed (but did not cancel) the project. Mesa Power said the project must wait because it did not have transmission capacity to the site and poor credit market. Mesa Power will restart the Pampa Wind Farm project in 2013, when transmission lines are due to be completed in the area. In the meantime, Mesa Power will use the 667 turbines it purchased to build several smaller wind farms.

Cluster headache

Cluster headaches are a type of headache. They are the least common type of headache. 

Cluster headaches are very painful. They usually cause very strong pain on one side of the head, behind the eye and temple. The headaches can last anywhere from 15–180 minutes. People may have cluster headaches many times a day. Cluster headaches may also cause other symptoms. Most people get restless or agitated during an attack. Some people get a runny or stuffy nose. The eye on the side of the head that hurts can also get red or start tearing up. 

They are called "cluster headaches" because they usually come and go. For a while, person may have many attacks of cluster headaches. Sometimes, they may then have no cluster headaches for a while. If a person has no cluster headaches for a while, this is called a remission period. No one knows why remission periods happen. Some people with cluster headaches never have a remission period. 

Cluster headaches can be genetic (passed down through families). However, when they are, a person may never have a cluster headache unless they have a bad head injury. 

In people who do not carry a gene for cluster headaches, nobody knows what causes them. 


Ultimate (sport)

Ultimate (often called Ultimate Frisbee in reference to the trademarked brand name) is a non-contact team sport played with a 175 gram flying disc on a rectangular field. Opposing teams of 7 players try to move the disc into the opponent's end zone by throwing the disc to each other. A point is scored when one team catches the disc in the other team's end zone. A typical ultimate game will finish when one team scores fifteen points. Ultimate is most often played on grass or turf fields but can also be played on sand.

An ultimate game is made up of two periods of play which are called halves. In a game played to fifteen points, the first half finishes when one team reaches eight points. A game of ultimate may finish before one team reaches fifteen points if there is a time cap. A time cap limits the duration of a game.

The World Flying Disc Federation (WFDF) controls the rules of play and game structure for international competitions. However, players of ultimate are individually responsible for upholding the rules of ultimate. Unlike other sports, there are no referees in ultimate. Players must call their own fouls or infractions and must resolve conflict by communicating directly with the opposing team. All players are expected to follow the Spirit of the Game, which describes how fair play is critical to ultimate.

The disc can only be moved by passing, but the player with the disc can pivot on one foot. If a pass is incomplete (touches the ground or is caught or knocked down by a defending player) or out of bounds, it is a "turnover" and the other team gets possession of the disc.


Sweetwater Wind Farm

Sweetwater Wind Farm is the second largest wind farm in Texas. Construction of the 585 MW wind farm has proceeded in five stages, and some generating capacity is still being built.


New Line Cinema

New Line Film Productions Inc., often called New Line Cinema, is an American movie studio. It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye. It became a subsidiary of WarnerMedia in 1996. It was merged into the bigger studio Warner Bros. in 2008.

Unlike other independent studios such as Orion Pictures, Carolco Pictures, or Cannon Films, New Line Cinema has grown and prospered to become one of Hollywood's major movie studios, culminating in the hit "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy that brought prestige to the studio.


List of New Line Cinema movies

The following is a list of movies produced, co-produced, and/or distributed by New Line Cinema











































1953 Iranian coup d'état

In 1953, there was an Iranian coup d'état to remove the Prime Minister of Iran, Mohammad Mossadeq, from power. The coup d'état was nicknamed Operation Ajax. The coup was planned by the CIA and Britain's MI6 in August 1953.

In 1951, Mossaddeq was the chairman of Iran's Oil Committee. He was highly supported by the people of Iran. At that time, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was in power. The Majlis (Iranian Parliament) voted for a law to "nationalize" (take the company away from the people who owned it and make it owned by the government) the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, an oil company in Iran.

Mossaddeq was elected Prime Minister of Iran in April 1951. His first action as Prime Minister was to put the oil nationalization in place.

The British government had a plan for a coup d'etat to remove Mossadeq from power. They managed to get the United States CIA to help with the coup. The coup was planned by Monty Woodhouse. It was carried out by MI6 and the CIA, and led by General Fazlollah Zahedi, who later went into exile.

Mossaddeq was replaced by Fazlollah Zahedi, but Mossaddeq refused to step down. A military dictatorship was put in place. Shah Pahlavi was put back in power. (Pahlavi was in power before this, but he was forced to put Mossadeq back in power at the time.) This made the people angry. They would later start the Iranian Revolution in 1979. The revolution put the Ayatollah Khomeini in power.

Van Diemen's Land

Van Diemen's Land was the name used by Europeans for Tasmania before it was known it was an island. Tasmania is now a state of Australia. The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to chart some coasts of Tasmania. He named the land Anthoonij van Diemenslandt after Anthony van Diemen, the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. Van Diemen had sent Tasman to explore the extent of the presumed south land in 1642.

In 1803, the island was settled by the British as a penal colony. It was called Van Diemen's Land, and became part of the British colony of New South Wales. In 1824, Van Diemen's Land became an independent colony with George Arthur as the first Governor. 
In 1856 Britain changed the name to Tasmania, an alternative name that had been shown on some maps and used by the community for decades. It was formally changed at the request of its citizens. Britain also gave the colony the right to govern itself. Later that year it had its own parliament.

From the 1830s to 1853, Van Diemen's Land was the main penal colony in Australia. When Britain stopped sending prisoners to New South Wales, all convicts were sent to Van Diemen's Land. About 75,000 convicts were sent to Van Diemen's Land, approximately 40% of all convicts sent to Australia.

Male convicts got paid for being servants or farm workers to free settlers, or in work groups on public works. Only the most difficult convicts were sent to the Tasman Peninsula prison known as Port Arthur. Convicts who comitted more crimes were also sent there. Female convicts worked as servants in free settler's houses or were sent to a female factory (women's workhouse prison). There were 5 female factories in Van Diemen's Land.

Convicts who had finished their time in prison or had been well behaved and given a ticket-of-leave often left Van Diemen's Land. Many went to the new free colony of Victoria. The free settlers in towns such as Melbourne did not like the ex-convicts coming to their town. During the Victorian gold rush a lot of settlers from Van Diemen's Land (called Vandemonians) went to the Victorian gold fields, such as Ballarat, or Bendigo.

Britain stopped sending convicts to Tasmania in 1853.

Anthony Trollope used the word "Vandemonian": 

Because the name Van Diemen's Land was seen to be tied up with convicts and it sounded like the word "demon", the citizens petitioned the name change, which was granted in 1855: effective 1 January 1856. It was called Tasmania after Abel Tasman. 

The last penal settlement in Tasmania at Port Arthur finally closed in 1877.






July Ultimatum

The July Ultimatum was a demand issued by Austria-Hungary to the Royal Serbian Government at 6 pm on 23 July 1914, after the Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria. 

Austria-Hungary's government did not directly accuse Serbia for the assassination but for "doing nothing to suppress" the subversive anti-Austro-Hungarian movement in Serbia which grew beyond Serbia's borders and which was responsible for acts of terrorism, assassination attempts and murders.

Serbia refused to accept one of the ten items of the ultimatum, and so Austria-Hungary mobilized their army. This, along with a chain of Alliances in Europe (Triple Entente and Central Powers) helped cause World War I.

The Ultimatum requested Serbia to pledge itself for the following:


The Russia asked Austria-Hungaria to extend the ultimatum deadline which would allow the Governments of the Great Powers to become acquainted with and to investigate the documents on the Sarajevo crime.

The Royal Government binds itself further: 


List of tallest structures in Australia

This is a list of the 22 tallest structures in Australia. This list has guyed masts, towers, skyscrapers and chimneys. The tallest structure in Australia is the Omega Navigational Mast Woodside in Woodside, Victoria.

This is a list of the tallest under construction buildings and structures in Australia.


List of tallest buildings in Australia

This is a list of the tallest buildings of Australia.
This is a list of the 25 tallest buildings in Australia. Observation towers, radio masts, chimneys and other structures are not included. Heights are measured to the "structural height", which means to the top of spires, but not including communications spires or radio antennas.


This list contains the tallest buildings currently under construction in Australia.




Glenrowan, Victoria

Glenrowan is a small town in the northeast of Victoria, Australia. It is 184km northeast of Melbourne and 14km from Wangaratta. It is near the Warby Ranges and Mt. Glenrowan. At the 2006 census, Glenrowan had a population of 952. It used to be on the main road between Melbourne and Sydney, the Hume Highway. The new Hume Freeway now goes around the town.

The first people to live in the area were the Australian Aboriginal tribal group called the Pallanganmiddang. Glenrowan was named after farmers James Hutton Rowan and George Christian Rowan who had large farms in the area between 1846 and 1858. The township was laid out and land sold in 1857. In 1862 Cobb and Co had a stopping place for changing horses on their stagecoaches. The Post Office was opened on February 22, 1870. The small town had a police station, hotels and a boot maker.

In 1873 railroad was built, and the town moved about a mile to be closer to the station. In 1876 the first school was built and Thomas Curnow was the teacher. He would become famous as the Hero of Glenrowan, the man who stopped the train.

It is famous for the bushranger Ned Kelly, who was captured there in 1880 after a siege and shootout with police. The Kelly Gang had captured many of the people living in the town and held them hostage in a hotel. The hotel was called the Glenrowan Inn and was owned by Mrs.Ann Jones. They had pulled up the railway track hoping that the train carrying extra policemen would crash. The school teacher Thomas Curnow got out of the hotel and was able to stop the train. The police surrounded the hotel and began shooting at the bushrangers. It is estimated that 15,000 bullets were fired during the shooting. The Kelly Gang had made suits of armour to stop the bullets from hurting them. The police set fire to the hotel. Eventually Ned Kelly was shot and captured. The rest of the gang, Dan Kelly, Steve Hart and Joe Byrne were killed.

Mrs. Jones took the government to court. She wanted to be paid £1050 for the destruction of her hotel during the siege.

In May 2008, archaeologists dug up the ruins of the Glenrowan Inn to learn more about the siege and shoot out.

Glenrowan is a popular rest point for those travelling on the Hume Freeway. In the township of Glenrowan, off the highway, tourists can rest, walk and examine the famous Kelly siege sites.


Google Street View- Ned Kelly animated theatre

List of tallest buildings in Perth

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Perth, Western Australia taller than 100 metres.

This is a list of the tallest buildings under construction, approved or proposed that are planned to be taller than 100 metres.



List of tallest buildings in Adelaide

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Adelaide, the capital city of South Australia. Heights are measured to the structural height, which includes spires, but not communications spires or antennas. Structures that are not buildings are not included in this list.

Height: R = Roof, P = Pinnacle (top of spire or antenna)

This is a list of the tallest buildings being built, approved to be built or planned that will be taller than 70 metres high.


List of tallest buildings in Sydney

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Spires on top of buildings count onto its height, but antennas do not.



Dromore, County Down

Dromore is a small town in Northern Ireland. There are around 5000 people living in the town. It is in County Down and in the Banbridge District. Dromore is 20 miles to the south of Belfast and 86 miles north of Dublin. Some towns near Dromore are Banbridge, Lurgan and Lisburn.

List of tallest buildings in Melbourne

This is a list of the tallest skyscrapers and other tall buildings (also the ones being built) in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

Height: R = Roof, P = Pinnacle (top of spire or antenna)





Q1 (building)

Q1 (which means Queensland number 1) is a skyscraper on the Gold Coast. It is Australia's tallest skyscraper. It used to be the world's tallest residential tower (including the spire). The building is 322.5 meters high (1,058 feet) including the spire. However without the spire, it's only 275 meters (902 feet). Only the Eureka Tower in Melbourne is taller without the spire with 300 meters.2000

Inspiration

Inspiration may mean:
In business:

In music:

In film:


National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum

The Baseball Hall of Fame is a museum in Cooperstown, New York that shows the history of baseball and some of the most famous baseball players and other people, especially in North America.

The Hall of Fame opened in 1939. It was started by the Clark Foundation. The Hall of Fame was started to help bring visitors to Cooperstown which had been poor for a long time. Some people tell a story that Abner Doubleday invented baseball in Cooperstown, but the story is not true. But the baseball leagues and teams decided that it did not matter, and helped make the Hall of Fame popular.

The museum has a lot of information on the history of baseball, and a lot of old baseball things, like bats, balls, and uniforms of famous baseball players or important baseball games. It also has a baseball art collection and a library.

Next to the museum is Doubleday Field, where a baseball game is played every year as part of a party about adding new people to the museum's stories.

When someone is "in the Hall of Fame," it means they have a story of their life in baseball shown in the museum. Every year new people are chosen to be added to the Hall of Fame. These people can be baseball players, baseball team managers, and other people who work with the game of baseball. Awards are also given for baseball sports reporters. As of 2012, there are a total of 297 people in the Hall of Fame.

Two groups pick people to add to the Hall of Fame. One group is the Baseball Writers Association of America (BBWAA). This group can pick players who have been retired from Major League Baseball for five years, and played in MLB for at least 10 years. Each member of the group writes down their 10 top choices, and anyone who is on at least three-fourths of the members' lists is added to the Hall of Fame.

The other group that chooses people to add to the Hall of Fame is called the Veterans Committee, which since 2011 has been split into three separate groups (or subcommittees). The Veterans Committee votes on people who are not eligible for the BBWAA ballot—players who have been retired for 20 or more years, managers, team and league executives, and umpires. Each of the three groups is made up of Hall of Famers, baseball executives, media members, and baseball historians, and votes on people who made their greatest contributions in a different era of baseball:

Each of these three groups votes once every three years, and they rotate in the order listed above. The Expansion Era Committee chooses from among 12 people, while the other committees choose from among 10. Each committee member can vote for four people, and anyone who gets at least three-fourths of the votes is also added to the Hall of Fame.

Some people did not like how the Veterans Committee picked people for the Hall of Fame. For a while, it seemed like the Committee liked to only pick people who they had worked with before. This meant some people who might have been good enough for the Hall of Fame were missed, because they never worked with the people on the Committee. The Committee was changed in 2001, but in the three times it voted, it did not choose anyone for the Hall. It was changed again for the 2008 elections; in three election cycles, it voted in two managers and three executives, but only one player. The Committee was changed yet again for the 2011 elections; so far, the new Committee has elected one executive and one player.

In 1982, some of the museum's collection of baseball items were loaned to the head of the American baseball leagues, and one of his workers sold them for money. Even though the money was paid back, it made the Hall of Fame look bad.

There are some players who are not allowed to work in baseball anymore because they broke some very important rules, but were still very good players. The Hall of Fame does not allow people who were kicked out of baseball to be in its museum, but some people do not agree with keeping some of these people out.


Cooperstown, New York

Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York. It is in the Town of Otsego. The population was estimated to be 1,794 at the 2020 census. The Village of Cooperstown is the county seat of Otsego County. Most of the village is inside the Town of Otsego, but part is in the Town of Middlefield. The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, The Farmers' Museum, The Fenimore Art Museum, Glimmerglass Opera, and the New York State Historical Association are in Cooperstown.

The Village of Cooperstown was established in 1786. It was laid out by surveyor William Ellison. The village started while still part of Montgomery County. It was incorporated (as the "Village of Otsego") on April 3, 1807. 

The name was legally changed to "Village of Cooperstown" in 1812. Samuel F.B. Morse, Thurlow Weed, John A. Dix, Abner Doubleday, and Samuel Nelson had summer homes in Cooperstown. Author James Fenimore Cooper grew up in Cooperstown. He returned there in his later years to live in his family home Otsego Hall.


Cooperstown (disambiguation)

Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York, United States.

Cooperstown may also mean:



George Clinton (musician)

George Clinton (born July 22, 1941) is an American musician. He was involved in funk music and created a genre called P-Funk. He also worked as a record producer for bands including Red Hot Chili Peppers. He was also part of the bands Parliament and Funkadelic during the 1970s and early 1980s. From 1981, he performed by himself as a solo artist. He has been called one of the most important innovators of funk music, next to James Brown and Sly Stone. Clinton is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.

Rick Rubin

Frederick Jay "Rick" Rubin (born March 10 1963 in Long Island, New York) is an American record producer. He is currently in charge of Columbia Records. He helped merge the rap and heavy metal genres. MTV called him "the most important producer of the last 20 years." Rubin won five Grammy Awards in 2006 including "Producer Of The Year, Non-Classical". In 2007, Rubin was listed among "Time Magazine"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 100 Most Influential People in The World. Rubin is the owner of a mansion in Los Angeles called The Mansion. Many albums he produces are recorded there. He helped produce Tom Petty's "Wildflowers" (1994).

John Carew

John Alieu Carew (; born 5 September 1979 in Lørenskog) is a retired Norwegian football player. He played for Aston Villa in the Premier League, wearing the number 10 shirt. He was named Norwegian Footballer of the Year. In season 2007/08, he was the top scorer of the Aston Villa with 13 goals. He played for Valencia at Adeccoligaen and Tippeligaen. He moved to Rosenborg in 1999 and scored 29 goals in the next season. He played also with Valencia, Roma, Beşiktaş, Olympique Lyonnais.

51||37
84||20
20||6
24||13
35||10
70||27
284||113

!Total||82||22


Dromore

Dromore is the name of several villages:


Dromore West

Dromore West () is a village in County Sligo, Republic of Ireland. About 300 people live there. It is on the N59 road about halfway between Sligo and Ballina.

Dromore West is on the Dunneil River. It is between the Ox Mountains and the Atlantic coast. There are four public houses. There are also two shops, a chemist, a Chinese take away, a butchers, a post office and florist.


Dromore, County Tyrone

Dromore ("Droim Mór", meaning "Big Ridge", in Irish) is a village in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is nine miles (15 km) southwest of Omagh on the A32 road and sixteen miles (26 km) from Enniskillen. The village had a population of 1,101 in 2001. Agriculture and the building trades are the primary sources of employment in the town. It is in the Omagh District Council area.


Ernest Lawrence

Ernest Orlando Lawrence (August 8, 1901 – August 27, 1958) was an American physicist. he was born in South Dakota. He helped invent the nuclear bomb during World War II. Lawrence won the Nobel prize for physics in 1939. His work was important in the science of nuclear physics. He worked out a way of measuring the mass of an electron, part of an atom.

Melodic death metal

Melodic death metal is a form of death metal music, which is itself a style of heavy metal. Melodic death metal is a lot like death metal but, as the name suggests, it is more melodic. Melodic death metal bands may use normal singing some times, where death metal bands nearly always use growling. Melodic death metal lyrics are also different to death metal lyrics. Death metal lyrics focus on death, war, murder and gore where melodic death metal focuses more on philosophy, religion and other less violent topics. Starting in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden it is sometimes referred to as the "Gothenburg Sound"

Melodic death metal started in Scandinavia, in countries such as Sweden and Norway. Many early melodic death metal bands wanted to mix the fast, brutal songs of death metal with the dual guitar harmonies and melodies of heavy metal bands such as Iron Maiden and Saxon.

Famous melodic death metal bands include In Flames, a Swedish band formed by Jesper Strombald, and Dark Tranquillity, one of the oldest and highly listened to bands in the genre.

Adam Levine

Adam Noah Levine (born March 18, 1979) is the lead singer of American pop rock band Maroon 5. He is also a songwriter, guitarist, and a coach on the NBC show "The Voice".

Levine has a tenor/countertenor vocal range. He has also been noted for his falsettos.

In 2013, Levine was chosen by "People" magazine as the Sexiest Man Alive.

Levine has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

He married Victoria's Secret model Behati Prinsloo on July 19, 2014, in Mexico. Their first daughter, Dusty Rose Levine, was born on September 21, 2016. Gio Grace Levine, their second daughter, was born February 15, 2018. In September 2022, it was announced that Levine and Prinsloo are expecting their third child.

Albums

Singles

Tjako van Schie

Tjako van Schie (born 17 April 1961 in Coevorden) is a pianist and composer from the Netherlands. At the Amsterdam Conservatory he is a professor. Even in China, Van Schie played piano but he teaches in Holland and Portugal. Van Schie was educated in Zwolle by pianist Ben Smits and a student of New York pianist Jacob Lateiner. He lived for a long time in Overijssel but is living in Drenthe nowadays, both provinces of the Netherlands. 

Slipknot (album)

Slipknot is the first album by nu metal band Slipknot. The album was released in the year 1999. The album is one hour and twenty nine seconds long. Singles include "Wait and Bleed" and "Spit It Out". 



Iowa (Slipknot album)

Iowa is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Slipknot. It was released on August 28, 2001. The producers were Ross Robinson and the band itself. The album's title came from the band's home state Iowa. Singles include "Left Behind" and "My Plague". The Album is considered Nu Metal with Elements of Death Metal and Alternative Metal. 


Gwynt y Môr Wind Farm

Gwynt y Môr (Welsh: meaning "sea wind") is a 576 MW offshore wind farm off the coast of North Wales. Permission for the project was given on 3 December 2008, and building began in 2012. The wind farm started working in June 2015. It will be Wales' largest wind farm.

The wind farm is near the existing North Hoyle offshore wind farm and the Rhyl Flats offshore wind farm. All of these projects are owned by RWE npower.



Clyde Wind Farm

The Clyde Wind Farm is a proposed 548 megawatt (MW) wind farm in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. When completed, it will be Europe's largest onshore wind farm. The 152-turbine project by Scottish and Southern Energy, which was approved by the Scottish Parliament in July 2008, capable of powering 320,000 homes, and will be larger than the 322 MW Whitelee Wind Farm near Glasgow. Turbines will be built either side of the M74 motorway.

Construction of the wind farm, which will cost £600 million, is expected to finish in 2011.


All Hope Is Gone

All Hope Is Gone is the fourth studio album by American metal band Slipknot. "All Hope Is Gone" was released on August 20, 2008. The album was released through Roadrunner Records. The album featured the singles "Psychosocial" and "All Hope Is Gone".


Tomis Team Dobrogea Wind Farm

The Tomis Team Dobrogea Wind Farm is a wind farm under construction in the Dobrogea region of Romania. It will consist of an individual wind farm with 300 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 600 MW of power, enough to power over 393,000 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 750 million.


Markbygden Wind Farm

Markbygden Wind Farm will be a series of interconnected wind farms in the Markbygden area of northern Sweden, covering some 450 square kilometres. The project will be built by 2025, and will have a capacity of up to 4 GW. There will be 1,101 wind turbines. Enercon has a share in the project and will build a wind tower production plant in the region, as well as a local office for service and maintenance.

Markbygden Wind Farm is the biggest wind farm in Europe.


Sirius Black

Sirius Black is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series, played by Gary Oldman. Black, also known as Padfoot or Snuffles (in his Animagus form) was a pure-blood wizard. He was born on 3rd November, 1959 and is the eldest son of Orion and Walburga Black. He is heir of the Ancient and Noble house of Black and brother to Regulus. His cousin's are Bellatrix Lestrange (née Black), Andromeda Tonks (née Black) and Narcissa Malfoy (née Black). He was Harry Potter's godfather. He was best friends with James Potter, along with Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. These four were known as the Marauders in their school days, and created the Marauder's Map.

He, along with his three friends, belonged to Gryffindor house when at Hogwarts, unlike the rest of his family, who had belonged to the house of Slytherin. He did not like his family, and ran away from home to James Potter's house when he was 16. The Potters took Sirius in as their own son. His prized possession during childhood was his flying motorbike.

Sirius was an animagus and was able to transform into a big black dog, (a Grim) which is an omen of death, at will. He, along with James Potter and Peter Pettigrew became Animagus to help Remus Lupin with his transformations. He was the first wizard to escape Azkaban prison, after being kept there twelve years for a crime that he did not commit. The betrayal of James and Lily Potter, the murder of Peter Pettigrew and 12 muggles with an unknown curse. Harry found out, after a year of believing otherwise, that Sirius was an innocent man, and helped him evade capture from the Ministry of Magic. Sirius went on the run before returning to his (empty) childhood home, 12 Grimmauld Place, and offered it up as headquarters for the Order of the Phoenix upon Voldemort's return. He was killed in a battle at the Ministry of Magic by his cousin, a Death Eater, Bellatrix Lestrange in Harry's (his Godson's)5th year at Hogwarts. He returned during Harry's 7th year along with James, Lily and Remus, after being resurrected with the help of the Resurrection stone in a hazy form.

He was the only remaining “true” heir of the House of Black. 12 Grimmauld Place was gifted to Harry Potter, Sirius’ godson. In which case, Harry or Draco Malfoy (related to the House of Black through his mother Narcissa) would’ve likely inherited the title of Head of House. Possibly even Andromeda Tonks or her grandson, Edward “Teddy” Remus Lupin.

As he has said before, "almost all pure-bloods are somehow related, and he’s no exception". He’s related to the Weasleys by way of Cedrella Weasley (née Black), whom married Septimus Weasley. Together they're the paternal grandparents of the Weasley children. He’s related to the Malfoys through Narcissa Malfoy (née Black) who married into the Malfoy family, and is Sirius’ cousin. He’s even related to his godson, Harry Potter, through Dorea Potter (née Black) who is a distant relative to Harry and James Potter. 
He is named after the dog star, Sirius,and his brother Regulus after a star in the constellation Leo. This may be connected to Griffindor, or to Draco Malfoy naming his son Scorpius. Maybe pure bloods are often named after stars?

Music festival

A music festival is a festival where music is played. Music festivals are usually outside, and often have other attractions such as food, games, and other forms of entertainment. They sometimes have a theme such as genre or nationality. Many festivals happen every year, or at some other common interval. However, some only happen once. A music festival can be held for profit or for charity.

Billboard Hot 100

The "Billboard" Hot 100 is a list of the current most popular music made by "Billboard" magazine. Rankings are based on radio play and sales; the tracking week for sales is each Monday to Sunday, while for radio play it is Wednesday to Tuesday. A new chart is made and officially released to the public by "Billboard" on Thursday. Each chart is dated with the "week-ending" date of the Saturday two weeks after. Example:

The first number one song of the Hot 100 was "Poor Little Fool" by Ricky Nelson on August 4, 1958. As of the issue for the week ending April 9, 2023, the Hot 100 has had 1,143 different number-one hits. 

What has always been known as the Hot 100 existed for nearly 15 years as numerous charts, tracking and ranking the most popular singles of the day in several areas. During the 1940s and 1950s, popular singles were ranked in three significant charts:

Although officially all three charts had equal importance, many chart historians refer to the "Best Sellers In Stores" chart when referring to a song’s performance before the Hot 100. "Billboard" eventually created a fourth singles popularity chart that combined all aspects of a single’s performance (sales, airplay and jukebox activity), based on a point system that typically gave sales (purchases) more weight than radio airplay. On the week ending November 12, 1955, "Billboard" published The Top 100 for the first time. The "Best Sellers In Stores", "Most Played By Jockeys" and "Most Played In Jukeboxes" charts continued to be published at the same time as the new "Top 100" chart.

On June 17, 1957, "Billboard" stopped the "Most Played In Jukeboxes" chart, as the popularity of jukeboxes was less and radio stations incorporated more and more rock-oriented music into their play lists. The week ending July 28, 1958 was the final publication of the "Most Played By Jockeys" and "Top 100" charts, both of which had Perez Prado's instrumental version of "Patricia" ascending to the top.

On August 4, 1958, "Billboard" started one main all-genre singles chart: the Hot 100. Although similar to the "Top 100", the first Hot 100 chart reset all songs’ "weeks on chart" status to "1". The Hot 100 quickly became the industry standard and "Billboard" stopped the "Best Sellers In Stores" chart on October 13, 1958.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 is still the standard by which a song’s popularity is measured in the United States. The Hot 100 is ranked by radio airplay audience impressions as measured by Nielsen BDS, sales data compiled by Nielsen Soundscan (both at retail and digitally) and streaming activity provided by online music sources.

There are several component charts that contribute to the overall calculation of the Hot 100. The most significant ones are shown below.

The methods and policies for obtaining and compiling data changed many times throughout the chart’s history.

The advent of a music single song chart started chart historians and chart-watchers and greatly affected pop culture and produced countless bits of trivia. The main purpose of the Hot 100 is to aid those "within the music industry" – to reflect the popularity of the "product" (the singles, the albums, etc.) and to track the trends of the buying public. "Billboard" has many times changed its methodology and policies to better reflect what is popular. 

A basic example is the weight given to sales versus airplay. Singles were the leading way by which people bought music. When singles sales were robust, more weight was given to a song’s retail points than to its radio airplay. In later decades, the recording industry concentrated more on album sales and musicians eventually released more full-length albums than singles, and by the 1990s many record companies stopped releasing singles (see "Album Cuts", below). Eventually a song’s airplay points were weighted more than its sales. "Billboard" adjusted the sales/airplay ratio many times to more accurately reflect the true popularity of songs.

"Billboard" also changed its Hot 100 policy for “two-sided singles” several times. The pre-Hot 100 chart "Best Sellers in Stores" listed popular A- and-B-sides together, with the side that was played most often (based on its other charts) listed first. One of the most notable of these, but far from the only one, was Elvis Presley’s "Don’t Be Cruel" / "Hound Dog." During the Presley single’s chart run, top billing was switched back and forth between the two sides several times. But on the concurrent "Most Played in Juke Boxes," "Most Played by Jockeys" and the "Top 100," the two songs were listed separately, as was true of all songs. With the Hot 100 in 1958, A- and-B-sides charted separately, as they had on the former Top 100.

Starting with the Hot 100 chart for the week ending November 29, 1969, this rule was altered; if both sides received significant airplay, they were listed together. This started to become a moot point by 1972, as most major record labels solidified a trend they had started in the 1960s by putting the same song on both sides of the singles it serviced to radio.

More complex issues began to arise as the typical A-and-B-side format of singles gave way to 12 inch singles and maxi-singles, many of which contained more than one B-side. Further problems arose when, in several cases, a B-side would eventually overtake the A-side in popularity, thus prompting record labels to release a new single, featuring the former B-side as the A-side, along with a "new" B-side.

The inclusion of album cuts on the Hot 100 put the double-sided hit issues to rest permanently.

A longstanding policy of the Hot 100 chart was that songs must be sold as a single. However, during the 1990s major record labels claimed that singles reduced album sales, so they were phased out. They increasingly promoted songs to radio without releasing them as singles. Labels often held off a single from release until airplay peaked, thus prompting a high debut. Often, a label deleted a single from its catalog after only one week, thus allowing the song to enter the Hot 100, make a high debut and then decline in position as the one-time production of the retail single sold out. Accusations were made that these practices manipulated the charts.

Several popular hits were never listed on the Hot 100 chart, or charted well after their airplay declined. During the period when they were not released as singles, the songs were not eligible to chart. Many of these songs dominated the "Hot 100 Airplay" chart for long periods:


In response to debate, conflicts and requests by the music artists and insiders, "Billboard" included airplay-only singles (or "album cuts") in the Hot 100. On December 5, 1998, the Hot 100 changed from being a "singles" chart to a "songs" chart.

Extended play (EP) releases were listed by "Billboard" on the Hot 100 and in pre-Hot 100 charts ("Top 100") until the mid-to-late 1960s. With the growing popularity of albums, it was decided to move EPs (which typically contain four to six tracks) from the Hot 100 to the Billboard 200, where they are included to this day.

Since February 12, 2005, the "Billboard" Hot 100 includes paid digital downloads from such internet services as iTunes, Napster, Musicmatch, and Rhapsody. With paid digital downloads added to the airplay/sales formula of the Hot 100, many songs benefited on the charts from the change. "Billboard" initially started tracking downloads in 2003 with the "Hot Digital Tracks" chart. However, these downloads did not count towards the Hot 100 and that chart (as opposed to "Hot Digital Songs") counted each version of a song separately (the chart still exists today along with "Hot Digital Songs"). This is the first major overhaul of the Hot 100's chart formula since December 1998.

The change in formula has shaken up the chart considerably, with some songs debuting on the chart strictly with robust online sales and others making drastic leaps. In recent years, several songs have been able to achieve 80-to-90 position jumps in a single week as their digital components were made available at online music stores. Since 2006, the all-time record for the biggest single-week upward movement was broken nine times.

In the issue dated August 11, 2007, "Billboard" began incorporating weekly data from Streaming media and On-demand services into the Hot 100. The first two major companies to provide their statistics to Nielsen BDS on a weekly basis are AOL Music and Yahoo! Music.

A growing trend in the early first decade of the 21st century was to issue a song as a "remix" that was so drastically different in structure and lyrical content from its original version that it was essentially a whole new song. Under normal circumstances, airplay points from a song’s album version, "radio" mix and/or dance music remix, etc. were all combined and factored into the song’s performance on the Hot 100, as the structure, lyrics and melody were the same. Criticisms began when songs were being completely re-recorded to the point that they were not like the original recording. The first such example of this scenario is Jennifer Lopez’ "I'm Real". Originally entering the Hot 100 in its album version, a "remix" was issued in the midst of its chart run that featured rapper Ja Rule. This new version proved to be far more popular than the album version and the track was propelled to number one.

To address this issue, "Billboard" now separates airplay points from a song’s original version and its remix, if the remix is determined to be a "new song". Since administering this new chart rule, several songs have charted twice, normally called "Part 1" and "Part 2". The remix rule is still in place.

"Billboard", in an effort to allow the chart to remain as current as possible and to give proper representation to new and developing artists and tracks, has (since 1991) removed titles that have reached certain criteria regarding its current rank and number of weeks on the chart. Recurrent criteria have been modified several times and currently (as of 2010), a song is permanently moved to "recurrent status" if it has spent 20 weeks on the Hot 100 and fallen below position number 50. Exceptions are made to re-releases and sudden resurgence in popularity of tracks that have taken a very long time to gain mainstream success. These rare cases are handled on a case-by-case basis and ultimately determined by "Billboard"’s chart managers and staff.

The most notable exception to the recurrent entry policy applies to holiday-themed releases, which are commonly reissued year after year in anticipation of Christmas purchasing. After its initial chart run, a holiday entry cannot re-enter the Hot 100 in subsequent years.

"Billboard"'s "chart year" runs from the first week of December to the final week in November. This altered calendar allows for "Billboard" to calculate year-end charts and release them in time for its final print issue on the last week of December. Before Nielsen SoundScan, year-end singles charts were calculated by an inverse-point system based solely on a song’s performance on the Hot 100 (for example, a song would be given one point for a week spent at position 100, two points for a week spent at position ninety-nine and so forth, up to 100 points for each week spent at number one). Other factors including the total weeks a song spent on the chart and at its peak position were calculated into its year-end total.

After "Billboard" began obtaining sales and airplay information from Nielsen SoundScan, the year-end charts are now calculated by a very straightforward cumulative total of yearlong sales and airplay points. This gives a more accurate picture of any given year’s most popular tracks, as a song that hypothetically spent nine weeks at number one in March could possibly have earned fewer cumulative points than a song that spent six weeks at number three in January. Songs at the peak of their popularity at the time of the November/December chart-year cutoff many times end up ranked on the following year's chart as well, as their cumulative points are split between the two chart-years, but often are ranked lower than they would have been had the peak occurred in a single year.

The limitations of the Hot 100 have become more pronounced over time. Since the Hot 100 was based on singles sales, as singles have themselves become a less common form of song release, the Hot 100's data represented a narrowing segment of sales until the December 1998 change in the ranking formula.

Few music historians believe that the Hot 100 has been a perfectly accurate gauge of the most popular songs for each week or year. For example, during the 1950s and 1960s, payola and other problems skewed the numbers in largely undetectable ways.

The history of popular music shows nearly as many remarkable failures to chart as it does impressive charting histories. Certain artists (such as Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin) had tremendous album sales while being out of the weekly singles charts. Business changes in the industry also affect artists' statistical "records." Single releases were more frequent and steady, and were expected to have much shorter shelf lives in earlier decades, making direct historical comparisons difficult. Of the sixteen singles to top the Billboard chart for more than ten weeks since 1955, just one was released before 1992. During the first forty years of the rock era, no song had ever debuted at number one; since a 1995 change in methodology, nineteen songs have.

Strategizing also plays a role. Numerous artists have taken deliberate steps to maximize their chart positions by such tactics as timing a single's debut to face the weakest possible competition, or massively discounting the price of singles to the point where each individual sale represented a financial loss. Meanwhile, other artists would deliberately withhold even their most marketable songs in order to boost album sales. Particularly in the 1990s, many of the most heavily played MTV and radio hits were unavailable for separate purchase. Because of such countervailing strategies, it cannot be said that a Hot 100 chart necessarily lists the country's 100 most popular or successful songs. Strategies like these were the main reason behind the December 1998 change in the charts.

Some critics have argued that an overemphasis on a limited number of singles has distorted record industry development efforts, and there are nearly as many critics of the Hot 100 as there are supporters. Certain of these criticisms, however, are becoming less as digital downloads have revitalized the concept of “singles sales.”

The "Billboard" charts have endured as the only widely circulated published report on songs that have been popular across the United States over the last half-century. Competing publications such as "Cash Box", "Record World", "Radio & Records" and most recently "Mediabase" have offered alternate charts, which sometimes differed widely.

The Hot 100 served for many years as the data source for the weekly radio countdown show "American Top 40". This relationship ended on November 30, 1991, as "American Top 40" started using the airplay-only side of the Hot 100 (then called Top 40 Radio Monitor). The ongoing splintering of Top 40 radio in the early 1990s led stations to lean into specific formats, meaning that practically no station would play the wide array of genres that typically composed each weekly Hot 100 chart.

A new chart, the Pop 100, was created by "Billboard" in February 2005 to answer criticism that the Hot 100 was biased in favor of rhythmic songs, as throughout most of its existence, the Hot 100 was seen predominantly as a pop chart. It was stopped in June 2009 due to the charts becoming increasingly similar.

The Canadian Hot 100 was launched June 16, 2007. Like the Hot 100 chart, it uses sales and airplay tracking compiled by Nielsen SoundScan and BDS.

The Japan Hot 100 was launched in the issue dated May 31, 2008, using the same methodologies as the Hot 100 charts for the U.S. and Canada, utilizing sales and airplay data from SoundScan Japan and radio tracking service Plantech.



Last.fm

Last.fm is a music website from the UK. It started in 2002. It provides Internet radio, and a community for music discussion. It has more than 19 million users.


List of tallest buildings in Brisbane

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.

Brisbane has more than 50 skyscrapers more than 100 metres tall, the third most of any city in Oceania (after Sydney and Melbourne). At 243 metres tall, Soleil is the tallest building in Brisbane, but in 2012 the 249 metre Infinity, which is now being built will become taller.

This is a list of Brisbane's tallest completed and topped out buildings in 2011. Structures are not included. Official heights are ranked by the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat, and include spires but exclude communications masts and spires.

This is a list of buildings currently under construction or proposed that are planned to reach 100 metres in height.


Worcestershire sauce

Worcestershire sauce (spoken like ˈwʊstəˌʃɪə or WUSS-ter-SHERR) is a widely-used fermented sauce. It was first made at 68 Broad Street, Worcester, by the company Lea & Perrins in the 1830s. It was made for selling to people in 1837, and is still the only Worcestershire sauce still to be made in the UK. In 1930 the company was sold to HP Foods and was later sold to the H.J. Heinz Company from Groupe Danone in 2005.

The sauce is made ready to sell in the Midlands Road factory in Worcester, which is the home of Lea & Perrins since 16 October 1897.

The H. J. Heinz Company, which now makes "The Original Lea & Perrins Worcestershire Sauce", with the name Lea & Perrins, Inc., lists these ingredients on the bottle made in the United States: vinegar, molasses, high fructose corn syrup, anchovies, water, onions, salt, garlic, tamarind concentrate, cloves, natural flavorings and chili pepper extract.

The ingredients of a bottle of Worcestershire sauce from England sold under the name "The Original & Genuine Lea & Perrins Worcestershire Sauce" by Lea & Perrins, Limited, lists the following ingredients: malt vinegar (from barley), spirit vinegar, molasses, sugar, salt, anchovies, tamarind extract, onions, garlic, spice and flavouring.

The sauce is used to make many dishes, both cooked and uncooked, and often with beef; drinks such as the Bloody Mary also use it. Lea & Perrins also makes it in concentrated form that is made ready to sell in other countries.

Worcestershire sauce is called Worcester sauce in South Africa and some parts of the US as; (), or spoken like Woo-ster sauce.

The "Worcestershire sauce" is one of many food products that were made because of Britain ruling India.

Indian massacre of 1622

The Indian massacre of 1622 (also known as the Jamestown Massacre) was an event where around 347 people were killed in the Virginia Colony of North America on Good Friday, March 22, 1622. The number killed, 347, was almost one-third of the English population of Jamestown. They were killed by a number of surprise attacks by the Powhatan Confederacy (a Native American tribe), who were ruled by Chief Opechancanough.


Fluxbox

In Unix computing, Fluxbox is an X window manager based on Blackbox 0.61.1. It tries to be lightweight and customizable, and has very little support for graphical icons. Its user interface has only a taskbar and a menu that can be used by right-clicking on the desktop. All basic settings are controlled by text files.

Fluxbox can show some eye candy such as: colors, gradients, borders, and several other basic appearance settings can be changed. Effects managers such as Xcompmgr and transset-df can add true transparency to desktop elements and windows. Enhancements can also be provided by using iDesk or fbdesk , or the ROX Desktop.
Fluxbox also has several features Blackbox does not have, including tabbed windows and a configurable titlebar.

Because of its small memory use and quick loading time, Fluxbox is popular in many Live CDs such as Knoppix STD and GParted. It was the default window manager of Damn Small Linux, but was replaced with JWM after the release of Damn Small Linux 4.0. It is currently the default window manager of antiX , a linux distribution based on MEPIS and designed for old computers, PCFluxboxOS, a remaster of PCLinuxOS, and LinguasOS, a Live CD distribution for professional translators. Fluxbuntu, Ubuntu with Fluxbox and lightweight applications, was released in October 2007.



Damn Small Linux

Damn Small Linux or DSL is a free operating system for the x86 family of personal computers. It was designed to run graphical applications on older PC hardware—for example, machines with 486/early Pentium processors and very little memory. DSL is a Live CD with a size of 50 MB. What originally started as an experiment to see how much software could fit in 50 MB eventually became a full-fledged Linux distribution. It can be installed on storage media with small capacities, like bootable business cards, USB flash drives, various memory cards, and Zip drives.

DSL was originally conceived and maintained by John Andrews. The community now includes Robert Shingledecker, who created the MyDSL system, DSL Control Panel, and other features.

DSL was originally based on Model-K, a 22 MB stripped-down version of Knoppix, but soon after was based on Knoppix proper, allowing much easier remastering and improvements.

DSL supports only x86 PCs. The minimum system requirements are a 486 processor and 8 MB of RAM. DSL has been demonstrated browsing the web with Dillo, running simple games and playing music on systems with a 486 processor and 16 MB of RAM. The system requirements are higher for running Mozilla Firefox and optional add-ons such as the OpenOffice.org office suite.

The current version of DSL is 4.4.5, released September 3, 2008. DSL currently includes the following software:

DSL has built-in scripts to download and install Advanced Packaging Tool (APT). Once APT is enabled, the user can install packages from Debian's 'Woody' repository. Additionally, DSL hosts software ranging from large applications like OpenOffice.org and GCC, to smaller ones such as aMSN, by means of the "MyDSL" system, which allows convenient one-click download and installation of software. Files hosted on MyDSL are called "extensions". As of June 2008, the MyDSL servers were hosting over 900 applications, plugins, and other extensions.

MyDSL is handled and maintained mostly by Robert Shingledecker and hosted by many organizations, such as ibiblio and Belgium's BELNET. There are 2 areas of MyDSL - regular and "testing". The regular area contains extensions that have been proven stable enough for everyday use and is broken down into different areas such as "apps", "net", "system", and "uci" ("Universal Compressed ISO" - Extensions in .uci format are mounted as a separate filesystem to minimize RAM usage). The "testing" area is for newly submitted extensions that theoretically work 'as advertised', but may have any number of bugs.

The standard flavour of DSL is the Live CD. There are also other versions available.

A Live USB of Damn Small Linux can be created manually or with UNetbootin.



Swamp blues

Swamp blues is a type of blues music. It is based on the Louisiana blues, but has a more laid back and relaxed feel.

Swamp blues is often linked to J. D. "Jay" Miller's, recording studio in Crowley, Louisiana. Miller released lots of swamp blues recordings on his own labels, as well as on more well known labels. Showing the impact of Swamp Blues on other music, the Rolling Stones played a version of Slim Harpo's "I'm a King Bee," and Neil Young recorded Slim Harpo's "Rainin' In My Heart."


Book of Odes (Bible)

Odes () is a book of the Bible that is only found in Eastern Orthodox Bibles. The chapters are prayers and songs from the Old and New Testaments. 

Chapters of this book as presented by Rahlfs are:


1975–76 NHL season

The 1975–76 NHL season was the 59th season of the National Hockey League. Eighteen teams each played 80 games. The Montreal Canadiens set records in wins with 58 and points with 127, beginning a four-year stretch where they would dominate the league in the regular season and win four straight Stanley Cup titles.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
The two-time defending Stanley Cup Champions, the Philadelphia Flyers, once again made it to the finals, but lost in four games to the Montreal Canadiens.

Montreal Canadiens vs. Philadelphia Flyers


Communes of the Mayenne department

There are 261 communes in the Mayenne department in France, all included in the following list:

Ahuillé

Ahuillé is a commune of 1662 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Alexain

Alexain is a commune of 402 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ambrières-les-Vallées

Ambrières-les-Vallées is a commune of 2,903 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ampoigné

Ampoigné is a former commune of 421 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Prée-d'Anjou.

Andouillé

Andouillé is a commune of 2,310 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. It is twinned with the village of Farnsfield, Nottinghamshire.

Argenton-Notre-Dame

Argenton-Notre-Dame is a former commune of 181 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Argentré

Argentré is a commune of 2487 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Aron, Mayenne

Aron is a commune of 1550 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Arquenay

Arquenay is a commune of 508 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Assé-le-Bérenger

Assé-le-Bérenger is a commune of 329 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Astillé

Astillé is a commune of 547 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Athée, Mayenne

Athée is a commune of 488 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Averton

Averton is a commune of 601 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Azé, Mayenne

Azé is a former commune of 2,999 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne.

La Baconnière

La Baconnière is a commune of 1,194 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bais, Mayenne

Bais is a commune of 1487 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ballée

Ballée is a former commune of 719 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Maine.

Ballots, Mayenne

Ballots is a commune of 1036 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bannes, Mayenne

Bannes is a commune of 118 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

La Bazoge-Montpinçon

La Bazoge-Montpinçon is a commune of 525 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Bazouge-de-Chemeré

La Bazouge-de-Chemeré is a commune of 504 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Bazouge-des-Alleux

La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune of 262 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Bazougers

Bazougers is a commune of 933 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Beaulieu-sur-Oudon

Beaulieu-sur-Oudon is a commune of 401 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf, Mayenne

Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf is a commune of 198 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Belgeard

Belgeard is a commune of 335 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bierné

Bierné is a former commune of 665 people (2005). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Le Bignon-du-Maine

Le Bignon-du-Maine is a commune in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. In 1999, 304 people lived in it. 

La Bigottière

La Bigottière is a commune of 331 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Blandouet

Blandouet is a former commune of 157 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Blandouet-Saint Jean.

La Boissière, Mayenne

La Boissière is a commune of 111 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bonchamp-lès-Laval

Bonchamp-lès-Laval is a commune of 5232 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bouchamps-lès-Craon

Bouchamps-lès-Craon is a commune of 514 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Bouère

Bouère is a commune of 321 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bouessay

Bouessay is a commune of 563 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Boulay-les-Ifs

Boulay-les-Ifs is a commune of 168 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt

Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt is a commune of 1537 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Bourgon

Bourgon is a commune of 587 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Brains-sur-les-Marches

Brains-sur-les-Marches is a commune of 229 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Brecé

Brecé is a commune of 830 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Tinker Bell (movie)

Tinker Bell is a Disney movie based on the character from "Peter Pan". It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 28, 2008. Unlike the other two Disney movies of Peter Pan, this movie was animated completely using computer animation. This was also the first time that the Disney version of Tinker Bell talked. The original name of the movie was "Tinker Bell and the Ring of Belief".

The movie was directed by Bradley Raymond.


The movie's soundtrack was released on October 14, 2008, a week before the DVD release and contains songs from and inspired by the movie.


Disney Fairies: Tinker Bell is an adventure game loosely based on the movie.

In April 2008, Disney announced that the movie will be released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 28, 2008. Contrary to the previous announcement of the suspension of direct-to-video sequels, they also announced three direct-to-DVD sequels to follow this movie, also digitally animated:

The movie saw an exclusive theatrical release at the El Capitan Theatre between September 19 and October 2nd. It was also premiered on Disney Channel in November as part of "New in November."


Woolfardisworthy, Torridge

Woolfardisworthy is a village in the Torridge district in the English county of Devon.

The name of the village is a local curiosity, as its pronunciation (and occasional spelling) differs to how one may try to pronounce it. On local signs, the village is sometimes marked as Woolsery alongside the original name. This is due to the pronunciation of the village's name being /ˈwʊlzərɨ/ ("Woolz'ry").

There is another (smaller) village of the same name in the Mid Devon district.

Guadalcanal campaign

The Guadalcanal Campaign was fought between August 7, 1942, and February 9, 1943, in the Pacific theatre of World War II. This campaign, which was a decisive and strategically important campaign of World War II, was fought on the ground, at sea, and in the air between Allied forces against Imperial Japanese forces. The fighting took place on and around the island of Guadalcanal in the southern Solomon Islands, and was the first major offensive launched by Allied forces against the Empire of Japan.

On August 7, 1942, Allied forces, mainly from the United States, started landings on the islands of Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida in the southern Solomons with the aim to make supply routes between the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand safer.
The Battle of Guadalcanal was one of the first long campaigns in the Pacific.

On 7 December 1941, Japanese forces attacked the neutral United States Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. The attack killed almost 2,500 people and damaged much of the US battleship fleet, starting a war between the two nations next day. The initial goals of Japanese leaders were to destroy the US Navy, seize lands rich in natural resources, and establish strategic military bases to defend Japan's empire in the Pacific Ocean and Asia. To do this, Japanese forces captured the Philippines, Thailand, Malaya, Singapore, Burma, the Dutch East Indies, and many small islands. Joining the U.S. in the war against Japan were the rest of the Allied powers, several of whom, including the United Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands had also been attacked by Japan.

The naval battle of the Coral Sea prevented a quick Japanese conquest of Australia and the Battle of Midway reduced Japan's carrier forces. 

The Allies chose the southern Solomon Islands including Guadalcanal, as the first target. The Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) had occupied Tulagi in May 1942 and had constructed a seaplane base nearby. Allied concern grew when, in early July 1942, the IJN began constructing a large airfield at Lunga Point on Guadalcanal. From there, Japanese long range bombers would threaten the East Coast of Australia. By August 1942, the Japanese had about 900 naval troops on Tulagi and nearby islands and 2,800 people on Guadalcanal. These bases would protect Japan's major base at Rabaul, threaten Allied supply and communication lines and establish base for attacks against Fiji, New Caledonia and Samoa.

The Japanese planned to send 45 fighters and 60 bombers to Guadalcanal. In 1942 these aircraft could provide air cover for Japanese naval forces advancing into the South Pacific.

The Allied plan to invade the southern Solomons was thought of by U.S. Admiral Ernest King, Commander in Chief, United States Fleet. He wanted to take the islands away from the Japanese. With Roosevelt's agreement, King also wanted to invade Guadalcanal. Because the United States supported Great Britain's idea of defeating Germany before Japan, the Pacific war had to compete for troops and resources with the European war.

Therefore US Army General George C. Marshall was against King's proposed attacks and asked who would command the operation. King replied that the Navy and Marines would do it themselves and instructed Admiral Chester Nimitz to plan the attacks. King won the argument with Marshall and the invasion went ahead.

The Guadalcanal attack would be carried out in at the same time as an Allied offensive in New Guinea under Douglas MacArthur. The goal was to capture the Admiralty Islands and the Bismarck Archipelago, including the major Japanese base at Rabaul. Eventually they would take the Philippines. The U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff put Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley in command on 19 June 1942, to direct the attack in the Solomons.

Admiral Chester Nimitz, based at Pearl Harbor, was the overall Allied commander in chief for Pacific forces.
In preparation for the attack in the Pacific in May 1942, the U.S. 1st Marine Division moved from the United States to New Zealand. Other Allied land, naval and air force units were sent to other Pacific islands. The attack was codenamed "Operation Watchtower", with the date set for 7 August 1942.

At first, the attacks were planned just for Tulagi and the Santa Cruz Islands, and not Guadalcanal. When the Allies discovered the Japanese airfield on Guadalcanal, its capture was added to the plan and the Santa Cruz operation was dropped. The Japanese knew Allied forces were moving but thought they were going to Australia and perhaps Port Moresby in New Guinea.

The "Watchtower" force, numbering 75 warships and transports (of vessels from the U.S. and Australia), assembled near Fiji on 26 July 1942. They did one rehearsal landing prior to leaving for Guadalcanal on 31 July. The commander of the Allied force was U.S. Vice Admiral Frank Fletcher (flag in aircraft carrier ). Commanding the sea and land forces was U.S. Rear Admiral Richmond K. Turner. Vandegrift led the 16,000 Allied (primarily U.S. Marine) infantry for the landings.

The troops sent to Guadalcanal were fresh from military training and armed with M1903 Springfield rifles and a 10-day supply of ammunition. To get them into battle quickly, the operation planners had reduced their supplies to only 60 days. The troops of the 1st Marine Division began referring to the coming battle as "Operation Shoestring".

Bad weather allowed the Allied force to arrive near Guadalcanal unseen by the Japanese on the night of 6 August and the morning of 7 August and take the defenders by surprise. This has sometimes been called the Midnight Raid on Guadalcanal. The landing force split into two groups, with one group attacking Guadalcanal, and the other Tulagi, Florida, and nearby islands.

Allied warships bombed the invasion beaches while U.S. carrier aircraft bombed Japanese forces on the target islands and destroyed 15 Japanese seaplanes at their base near Tulagi.

Tulagi and two nearby small islands, Gavutu and Tanambogo, were attacked by 3,000 U.S. Marines. The 886 IJN forces violently resisted the Marine attacks. With some difficulty, the Marines captured all three islands; Tulagi on 8 August, and Gavutu and Tanambogo by 9 August.

The Japanese defenders were almost all killed while the Marines had 122 killed.

The landings on Guadalcanal had much less resistance. On 7 August, 11,000 U.S. Marines came ashore on Guadalcanal and met no resistance. They stopped for the night about from the Lunga Point airfield. The next day, against little resistance, the Marines advanced to Lunga River and captured the airfield by 16:00 on 8 August.

The Japanese naval construction staff and combat troops had abandoned the airfield area and fled about west to the Matanikau River and Point Cruz area. They left behind food, supplies, construction equipment and vehicles, and 13 dead.

During the landing operations on 7 and 8 August, Japanese naval aircraft based at Rabaul, under the command of Sadayoshi Yamada, attacked the Allied forces several times, setting afire the transport USS "George F. Elliot" (which sank two days later) and heavily damaging the destroyer . In the air attacks over the two days, the Japanese lost 36 aircraft, while the U.S. lost 19, both in combat and to accident, including 14 carrier fighters.

After these fights, Fletcher was concerned about the losses to his carrier fighter aircraft. He was also anxious about the threat to his carriers from Japanese air attacks, and worried about his ships' fuel levels. Fletcher pulled back from the Solomon Islands area with his carrier task forces the evening of 8 August. As a result of the loss of carrier-based air cover, Turner pulled back his ships from Guadalcanal, even though less than half of the supplies and heavy equipment needed by the troops ashore had been unloaded. Turner planned, however, to unload as many supplies as possible on Guadalcanal and Tulagi throughout the night of 8 August and then depart with his ships early on 9 August.

That night, as the transports unloaded, two groups of Allied cruisers and destroyers, under the command of British Rear Admiral Victor Crutchley VC, were defeated by a Japanese force of seven cruisers and one destroyer from the 8th Fleet based at Rabaul and Kavieng and commanded by Japanese Vice Admiral Gunichi Mikawa.

In the Battle of Savo Island one Australian and three American cruisers were sunk and one American cruiser and two destroyers were damaged. The Japanese had moderate damage to one cruiser. Mikawa, who was unaware Fletcher was preparing to pull back with the U.S. carriers, immediately went back to Rabaul without attempting to attack the transports. Mikawa was concerned about daylight U.S. carrier air attacks if he remained in the area. Without carrier air cover, Turner decided to pull back his remaining naval forces by the evening of 9 August. This left the Marines ashore without much of the heavy equipment, supplies and troops still aboard the transports. Mikawa's decision not to attempt to destroy the Allied transport ships was a big mistake.

The 11,000 Marines on Guadalcanal at first set up a guard around Lunga Point and the airfield. They also moved the landed supplies ashore and finished the airfield. By 18 August the airfield was ready for operation. Five days worth of food had been landed from the transports, which, along with captured Japanese food, gave the Marines a total of 14 days worth of food. To conserve supplies, the troops were limited to two meals per day.

Allied troops got sick with dysentery soon after the landings, with one in five Marines sick by mid-August. Tropical diseases affected both sides' troops. Although some of the Korean construction workers surrendered to the Marines, most of the Japanese and Korean gathered to the west and ate coconuts. A Japanese naval outpost was also located at Taivu Point, about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of the Lunga perimeter. On 8 August, a Japanese destroyer from Rabaul delivered 113 troops to the Matanikau position.

On the evening of 12 August, a 25-man U.S. Marine patrol landed by boat to try and find a group of Japanese troops that U.S. forces thought might be willing to surrender. Soon after the patrol landed, a nearby platoon of Japanese naval troops attacked and almost completely killed the Marine patrol.

On 19 August, Vandegrift sent three companies of the U.S. 5th Marine Regiment to attack the Japanese troops west of the Matanikau. One company attacked at the mouth of the Matanikau river while another crossed the river inland and attacked the Japanese forces in Matanikau village. The third landed by boat further west and attacked Kokumbuna village. After briefly occupying the two villages, the three Marine companies returned to the Lunga perimeter, having killed about 65 Japanese soldiers while losing four.

This was the first of several major actions around the Matanikau River during the battle.

On 20 August, the escort carrier delivered two squadrons of Marine aircraft to Henderson Field, one a squadron of 19 F4F Wildcats and the other a squadron of 12 SBD Dauntlesses. The aircraft at Henderson became known as the "Cactus Air Force" (CAF) after the Allied codename for Guadalcanal.

The Marine fighters were used the next day. There were Japanese bomber air raids almost every day. On 22 August five U.S. Army P-400 Airacobras and their pilots arrived at Henderson Field.

In response to the Allied landings on Guadalcanal, the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters assigned the Imperial Japanese Army's (IJA) 17th Army at Rabaul and under the command of Lieutenant General Harukichi Hyakutake, was ordered to retake Guadalcanal. The army was to be supported by Japanese naval units, including the Combined Fleet under the command of Isoroku Yamamoto, which was headquartered at Truk. The 17th Army, at that time involved in the Japanese campaign in New Guinea, had only a few units available. The 35th Infantry Brigade under Major General Kiyotake Kawaguchi was at Palau. The 4th (Aoba) Infantry Regiment was in the Philippines and the 28th (Ichiki) Infantry Regiment, under the command of Colonel Kiyonao Ichiki, was on transport ships near Guam.

The different units began to move towards Guadalcanal. Ichiki's unit, consisting of about 917 soldiers, landed from destroyers at Taivu Pointbafter midnight on 19 August, then made a night march west toward the Marines. The Ichiki regiment was named after its commanding officer.

Ichiki thought that there were not that many Allied soldiers on Guadalcanal. Ichiki's soldiers attacked Marine positions at Alligator Creek in the early morning hours of 21 August. Ichiki's attack was defeated with heavy Japanese losses in what became known as the Battle of the Tenaru. In the day, the Marines attacked Ichiki's surviving troops, killing many more of them.

The dead included Ichiki, though it has been claimed that he committed suicide after realizing his defeat, rather than dying in combat. In total, all but 128 of the original 917 members of the Ichiki Regiment's force were killed in the battle. The survivors returned to Taivu Point, notified 17th Army headquarters of their defeat and waited for new soldiers and orders from Rabaul.

As the Tenaru battle was ending, more Japanese troops were already on their way. Three slow transports departed from Truk on 16 August carrying the remaining 1,400 soldiers from Ichiki's (28th) Infantry Regiment plus 500 naval marines from the 5th Yokosuka Special Naval Landing Force.

The transports were guarded by 13 warships commanded by Japanese Rear Admiral Raizo Tanaka. He planned to land the troops on Guadalcanal on 24 August. To cover the landings and retake Henderson Field from Allied forces, Yamamoto directed Chuichi Nagumo to meet with a carrier force from Truk on 21 August and head towards the southern Solomon Islands. Nagumo's force included three carriers and 30 other warships.

Three U.S. carrier task forces under Fletcher approached Guadalcanal to attack the Japanese. On 24 and 25 August, the two carrier forces fought the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, which resulted in both fleets pulling back from the area after taking some damage. Japan lost one light aircraft carrier. Tanaka's convoy, after getting heavy damage during the battle from an air attack by aircraft from Henderson Field, including the sinking of one of the transports, changed direction to the Shortland Islands in the northern Solomons. This was done to transfer the troops to destroyers for delivery to Guadalcanal.

Throughout August, small numbers of U.S. aircraft and their crews continued to arrive at Guadalcanal. By the end of August, 64 aircraft of various types were stationed at Henderson Field. Air battles between the Allied aircraft at Henderson and Japanese bombers and fighters from Rabaul continued almost daily. Between 26 August and 5 September, the U.S. lost about 15 aircraft while the Japanese lost approximately 19 aircraft. More than half of the downed U.S. aircrews were rescued while most of the Japanese aircrews were never recovered. The eight-hour round trip flight from Rabaul to Guadalcanal, about total, made it hard for the Japanese to attack Henderson Field.

Australians on Bougainville and New Georgia islands were often able to warn of Japanese air strikes, allowing the U.S. fighters time to take off and attack the Japanese bombers and fighters as they approached the island.

Between 21 August and 3 September, three Marine battalions, including the 1st Raider Battalion, under Merritt A. Edson (Edson's Raiders), and the 1st Parachute Battalion from Tulagi and Gavutu went to Guadalcanal. These units added about 1,500 troops to the original 11,000 men defending Henderson Field. The 1st Parachute Battalion, which had many dead and wounded in the Battle of Tulagi and Gavutu-Tanambogo in August, was placed under Edson's command.

The other relocated battalion, the 1st Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment (1/5), was landed west of the Matanikau near Kokumbuna village on 27 August. They had the mission of attacking Japanese units in the area. They faced hot sun, and strong Japanese defenses. The next morning, the Marines found that the Japanese defenders had departed during the night, so the Marines returned to the Lunga perimeter by boat. Losses in this action were 20 Japanese and 3 Marines killed.

Small Allied naval convoys arrived at Guadalcanal on 23 August 29 August, 1 September, and 8 September. They provided the Marines at Lunga with more food, ammunition, aircraft fuel, and aircraft technicians. The 1 September convoy also brought 392 construction engineers to work on Henderson Field.

By 23 August, Kawaguchi's 35th Infantry Brigade reached Truk and was loaded onto slow transport ships for the rest of the trip to Guadalcanal. The damage done to Tanaka's convoy during the Battle of the Eastern Solomons made the Japanese decide not to deliver more troops to Guadalcanal by slow transport. Instead, ships carrying Kawaguchi's soldiers were sent to Rabaul.

From there, the Japanese planned to deliver Kawaguchi's men to Guadalcanal by destroyers. The Japanese destroyers were usually able to make round trips down (New Georgia Sound) to Guadalcanal and back in a single night throughout the campaign, minimizing their risk of Allied air attack.

The runs became known as the "Tokyo Express" to Allied Forces by the Japanese.

Delivering the troops like this made it hard to bring heavy equipment and supplies, such as heavy artillery, vehicles, and much food and ammunition to Guadalcanal. In addition, this activity used destroyers the IJN needed for commerce defense. The Allied naval commanders did not fight Japanese naval forces at night. However, any Japanese ship remaining within range of the aircraft at Henderson Field during the daylight hours, about , was in great danger from air attack. Thissituation existed for the next several months of the battle.

Between 29 August and 4 September, Japanese light cruisers, destroyers, and patrol boats were able to land almost 5,000 troops at Taivu Point, including most of the 35th Infantry Brigade, much of the Aoba (4th) Regiment, and the rest of Ichiki's regiment. General Kawaguchi, who landed at Taivu Point on 31 August Express run, was placed in command of all Japanese forces on Guadalcanal. A barge convoy took another 1,000 soldiers of Kawaguchi's brigade, under the command of Colonel Akinosuke Oka, to Kamimbo, west of the Lunga perimeter.

On 7 September, Kawaguchi issued his attack plan to destroy enemy in the Guadalcanal Island airfield. Kawaguchi's attack plan called for his forces to do a surprise night attack. Oka's forces would attack from the west while Ichiki's Second Echelon would attack from the east. The main attack would be by Kawaguchi's group of 3,000 men in three battalions, from the south. By 7 September, most of Kawaguchi's troops began marching towards Lunga Point along the coastline. About 250 Japanese troops remained behind to guard the brigade's supply base at Taivu.

Meanwhile, scouts brought reports to the U.S. Marines of Japanese troops at Taivu near the village of Tasimboko. Edson planned a raid on the Japanese troops at Taivu. On 8 September, after being dropped-off near Taivu by boat, Edson's men captured Tasimboko as the Japanese retreated into the jungle.

In Tasimboko, Edson's troops discovered Kawaguchi's main supply depot, including large stockpiles of food, ammunition, medical supplies, and a powerful shortwave radio. After destroying everything, except some papers, the Marines returned to the Lunga perimeter. The captured documents informed the Marines that at least 3,000 Japanese troops were on the island and planning an attack.

Edson, along with Colonel Gerald C. Thomas, Vandegrift's operations officer, thought that the Japanese attack would come at a narrow, grassy, -long, coral ridge south of Henderson Field. The ridge, called Lunga Ridge, had a good approach to the airfield and it was undefended. On 11 September, the 840 men of Edson's battalion were sent onto and around the ridge.

On the night of 12 September, Kawaguchi's 1st Battalion attacked the Raiders between the Lunga River and ridge. One Marine company had to fall back to the ridge before the Japanese stopped their attack for the night. The next night Kawaguchi had to battle Edson's 830 Raiders with 3,000 troops of his brigade and artillery. The Japanese attack began just after nightfall with Kawaguchi's 1st battalion attacking Edson's right side to the west of the ridge. After breaking through the Marine defences, the attack was eventually stopped by Marine units guarding the northern part of the ridge.

Two companies from Kawaguchi's 2nd Battalion moved up the southern edge of the ridge and pushed Edson's troops back to Hill 123 on the center part of the ridge. Throughout the night the Marines fought against Japanese attacks, some of which resulted in hand-to-hand fighting. The Marines also had artillery. Japanese groups that got past the ridge to the edge of the airfield were also sent back.

Attacks by the Kuma battalion and Oka's unit at other places were also stopped. On 14 September Kawaguchi led the survivors on a five-day march west to the Matanikau Valley to join with Oka's unit. In total Kawaguchi's forces lost about 850 killed and the Marines 104.

On 15 September Hyakutake at Rabaul learned of Kawaguchi's loss and sent the news to Imperial General Headquarters in Japan. In an emergency meeting, the top Japanese IJA and IJN command staffs decided that, Guadalcanal might develop into the most important battle of the war. The loss affected Japanese operations in other areas of the Pacific. Hyakutake realized that to send sufficient troops and supplies to defeat the Allied forces on Guadalcanal he could not support the major ongoing Japanese attacks on the Kokoda Track in New Guinea.

Hyakutake, with the agreement of General Headquarters, ordered his troops on New Guinea who were within of their goal of Port Moresby to pull back until the Guadalcanal battle was finished. Hyakutake sent more troops to Guadalcanal for another attempt to recapture Henderson Field.
As the Japanese troops gathered west of the Matanikau, the U.S. forces strengthened their Lunga defenses. On 14 September Vandegrift moved another battalion, the 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment (3/2), from Tulagi to Guadalcanal. On 18 September an Allied naval convoy delivered 4,157 men from the 3rd Provisional Marine Brigade (the 7th Marine Regiment plus a battalion from the 11th Marine Regiment and some additional support units).

The convoy also delivered 137 vehicles, tents, aviation fuel, ammunition, rations and engineering equipment to Guadalcanal. These new soldiers enabled Vandegrift, beginning on 19 September, to establish an unbroken defence around the Lunga perimeter. While protecting this convoy the aircraft carrier was sunk by the Japanese submarine southeast of Guadalcanal. For a while, this left only one Allied aircraft carrier () in the South Pacific area.

Vandegrift also removed several officers who did not meet his standards and promoted junior officers who had done well in the battles. Colonel Merritt Edson who was given command of the 5th Marine Regiment.

The air war over Guadalcanal stopped for a while. There were no Japanese air raids between 14 and 27 September due to bad weather. Both sides reinforced their air units during this time. The Japanese delivered 85 fighters and bombers to their air units at Rabaul while the U.S. brought 23 fighters and attack aircraft to Henderson Field. On 20 September the Japanese had 117 aircraft at Rabaul while the Allies had 71 aircraft at Henderson Field.

The air war got started again with a Japanese air raid on Guadalcanal on 27 September. U.S. Navy and Marine fighters from Henderson Field flew up to try to stop the air raid.

The Japanese began to prepare for their next attempt to recapture Henderson Field. The 3rd Battalion, 4th (Aoba) Infantry Regiment had landed at Kamimbo Bay on the western end of Guadalcanal on 11 September. The battalion had joined Oka's forces near the Matanikau. Deliveries by destroyers on 14, 20, 21 and 24 September brought food and ammunition as well as 280 men from the 1st Battalion, Aoba Regiment, to Kamimbo on Guadalcanal.

The Japanese 2nd and 38th Infantry Divisions were transported from the Dutch East Indies to Rabaul beginning on 13 September. The Japanese planned to transport 17,500 troops from these two divisions to Guadalcanal for the next major attack on the Lunga Perimeter set for 20 October 1942.

Vandegrift was aware that Kawaguchi's troops had retreated to the area west of the Matanikau and that numerous groups of Japanese troops were in the area between the Lunga Perimeter and the Matanikau River. Vandegrift decided to attack the scattered groups of Japanese troops east of the Matanikau.

He also wanted to prevent the main group of Japanese soldiers from strengthening their positions so close to the main Marine defenses at Lunga Point.

The first U.S. Marine attack between 23 and 27 September used soldiers from three U.S. Marine battalions. The attack on Japanese forces west of the Matanikau, was defeated by Kawaguchi's troops under Akinosuke Oka's command. During the fight, three Marine companies were surrounded by Japanese forces and they had many dead and wounded. They escaped with help from the destroyer and landing craft piloted by U.S. Coast Guard personnel.

In the second attack between 6 and 9 October a larger force of Marines crossed the Matanikau River, attacked newly landed Japanese forces from the 2nd Infantry Division under the command of generals Masao Maruyama and Yumio Nasu. The Marines inflicted caused a lot of deaths and wounding for the Japanese 4th Infantry Regiment.

The second attack forced the Japanese to retreat from their positions east of the Matanikau. This caused problems with Japanese plans to do a major attack on the U.S. Lunga defenses.

Between 9 and 11 October the U.S. 1st Battalion 2nd Marines attacked two small Japanese outposts about east of the Lunga perimeter at Gurabusu and Koilotumaria near Aola Bay. The attacks killed 35 Japanese at a cost of 17 Marines and three U.S. Navy personnel.

Throughout the last week of September and the first week of October, Japanese destroyers delivered troops from the Japanese 2nd Infantry Division to Guadalcanal. The Japanese Navy promised to support the Army's attack by delivering troops, equipment, and supplies to the island and doing more air attacks on Henderson Field and sending warships to bomb the airfield.

Millard F. Harmon, commander of United States Army forces in the South Pacific, thought that U.S. Marine forces on Guadalcanal needed new soldiers if the Allies were to defend the island from the next Japanese attack. On 8 October, the 2,837 men of the 164th Infantry Regiment from the U.S. Army's Americal Division boarded ships to Guadalcanal. To protect the transports carrying the 164th to Guadalcanal, Task Force 64 was told to go with the transports. This task force consisted of four cruisers and five destroyers under U.S. Rear Admiral Norman Scott.

They were told to attack any Japanese ships that approached Guadalcanal.

Mikawa's 8th Fleet staff scheduled a large and important destroyer delivery for the night of 11 October. Two seaplane tenders and six destroyers were to deliver 728 soldiers plus artillery and ammunition to Guadalcanal. At the same time, three heavy cruisers and two destroyers under the command of Rear Admiral Aritomo Gotō were to bomb Henderson Field to destroy the CAF and the airfield.

Because U.S. Navy warships had never tried to stop any Tokyo Express missions to Guadalcanal, the Japanese were not expecting any opposition from Allied naval ships that night.

Just before midnight, Scott's warships detected Gotō's force on radar near Guadalcanal. Scott's force was in a position to fire on Gotō's ships. Opening fire, Scott's warships sank one of Gotō's cruisers and one of his destroyers, heavily damaged another cruiser, seriously wounded Gotō, and forced the rest of Gotō's warships to abandon the bombing mission and retreat.

One of Scott's destroyers was sunk and one cruiser and another destroyer were heavily damaged. The Japanese supply convoy unloaded at Guadalcanal and began its return journey without being discovered by Scott's force. Later on the morning of 12 October, four Japanese destroyers from the supply convoy turned back to help Gotō's damaged warships.

Air attacks by CAF aircraft from Henderson Field sank two of these destroyers later that day. The convoy of U.S. Army troops reached Guadalcanal as scheduled the next day and delivered its cargo and passengers to the island.
Even after the U.S. victory off Cape Esperance, the Japanese continued with plans for a large attack later in October. The Japanese decided to risk not using fast warships to deliver their men and supplies to the island.

On 13 October, a convoy of six cargo ships with eight destroyers left the Shortland Islands for Guadalcanal. The convoy carried 4,500 troops from the 16th and 230th Infantry Regiments, some naval marines, two batteries of heavy artillery, and one company of tanks.

To protect the approaching convoy from attack by CAF aircraft, Yamamoto sent two battleships from Truk to bombard Henderson Field. At 01:33 on 14 October, and , protected by one light cruiser and nine destroyers, reached Guadalcanal and fired at Henderson Field from a distance of . Over the next one hour and 23 minutes, the two battleships fired 973 shells into the Lunga perimeter, most of them falling in the area of the airfield. Many of the shells were fragmentation shells, designed to destroy land targets. The bombing heavily damaged both runways, burned almost all of the available airplane fuel, destroyed 48 of the CAF's 90 aircraft, and killed 41 men, including six CAF pilots. The battleship force then returned to Truk.

In spite of the heavy damage, Henderson soldiers were able to fix one of the runways within a few hours. Seventeen SBDs and 20 Wildcats at Espiritu Santo were flown to Henderson and U.S. Army and Marine transport aircraft began to transport airplane gasoline to Guadalcanal.

Now that the US was aware of the approach of the large Japanese convoy, the US tried to think of a way to attack the convoy before it could reach Guadalcanal. Using fuel drained from destroyed aircraft and from a hidden fuel tank in the jungle, the CAF attacked the convoy twice on the 14th, but caused no damage.

The Japanese convoy reached Guadalcanal at midnight on 14 October and began unloading. Throughout the day of 15 October, CAF aircraft from Henderson bombed and machine-gunned the unloading convoy, destroying three of the cargo ships. The remainder of the convoy departed that night, having unloaded all of the troops and about two-thirds of the supplies and equipment.

Several Japanese heavy cruisers also bombed Henderson on the nights of 14 and 15 October, destroying a few additional CAF aircraft, but not damaging the airfield.

Between 1 and 17 October, the Japanese delivered 15,000 troops to Guadalcanal, giving Hyakutake 20,000 troops for his planned attack. Because they had lost their positions on the east side of the Matanikau, the Japanese decided that an attack on the U.S. defenses along the coast would be too hard. Hyakutake decided to attack from south of Henderson Field.

His 2nd Division (with troops from the 38th Division), under Lieutenant General Masao Maruyama and 7,000 soldiers in three infantry regiments was ordered to attack the American defences from the south near the east bank of the Lunga River.

The date of the attack was set for 22 October, then changed to 23 October. To try and trick the Americans from knowing about the planned attack from the south, Hyakutake's heavy artillery plus five battalions of infantry (about 2,900 men) under Major General Tadashi Sumiyoshi attacked the American defenses from the west.

The Japanese thought that there were 10,000 American troops on the island, when in there were really 23,000.
On 12 October, a group of Japanese engineers began to cut a trail, called the "Maruyama Road", from the Matanikau towards the southern portion of the U.S. Lunga perimeter. The long trail went across rivers and streams, deep ravines, steep ridges, and thick jungle. 
Between 16 and 18 October, the 2nd Division began their march along the Maruyama Road.

By 23 October, Maruyama's forces were finding it hard to get through the jungle to reach the American forces. Hyakutake delayed the attack to 19:00 on 24 October. The Americans did not know that Maruyama's forces were on their way.

Sumiyoshi was told by Hyakutake's staff of the delay of the attack to 24 October. However, he was unable to contact his troops to tell them of the delay. Thus, at dusk on 23 October, two battalions of the 4th Infantry Regiment and the nine tanks of the 1st Independent Tank Company attacked on the U.S. Marine defenses at the mouth of the Matanikau.

U.S. Marine artillery, cannon, and rifle fire defeated the attacks, destroying all the tanks and killing many of the Japanese soldiers. Only a small number of Marines were killed or wounded.

Finally, late on 24 October Maruyama's forces reached the U.S. Lunga perimeter. Over two nights Maruyama's troops attacked positions defended by troops of the 1st Battalion, 7th Marines under Lieutenant Colonel Chesty Puller and the U.S. Army's 3rd Battalion, 164th Infantry Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Robert Hall.

U.S. Marine and Army units armed with rifles, machine guns, mortars, and fire from 37 mm anti-tank guns did terrible damage to the Japanese. A few small groups of Japanese that broke through the American defenses, were all killed over the next several days.

More than 1,500 of Maruyama's troops were killed in the attacks while the Americans lost about 60 killed. Over the same two days American aircraft from Henderson Field destroying 14 Japanese aircraft and sunk a light cruiser.

Further Japanese attacks near the Matanikau on 26 October were also defeated with heavy losses for the Japanese. As a result, by 08:00 on 26 October, Hyakutake stopped the attacks and ordered his forces to retreat. About half of Maruyama's survivors were ordered to retreat back to the Matanikau Valley. The 230th Infantry Regiment under Colonel Toshinari Shōji was told to go to Koli Point, east of the Lunga perimeter.

Soldiers from the 2nd Division reached the 17th Army headquarters area at Kokumbona, west of the Matanikau on 4 November. Shoji's unit reached Koli Point and made a camp. The 2nd Division had many battle deaths, combat injuries, malnutrition, and tropical diseases. It was too weak to do any more attacks. It fought as a defensive force along the coast for the rest of the battle.

The Japanese lost 2,200 – 3,000 troops in the battle while the Americans lost around 80 killed.

At the same time that Hyakutake's troops were attacking the Lunga perimeter, Japanese aircraft carriers and other large warships led by Isoroku Yamamoto moved near the southern Solomon Islands. From this location, the Japanese naval forces hoped to defeat any Allied (primarily U.S.) naval forces, especially carrier forces. Allied naval carrier forces in the area, now under the command of William Halsey, Jr., also hoped to meet the Japanese naval forces in battle.

Nimitz had replaced Ghormley with Halsey on 18 October after deciding that Ghormley had become too negative to lead Allied forces in the South Pacific area.

The two opposing carrier forces battled each other on the morning of 26 October, in what became known as the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands. Each side sent carrier air attacks. Allied ships had to retreat from the battle after one carrier was sunk () and another () heavily damaged. The Japanese carrier forces, however, also pulled back because of high aircraft and aircrew losses and major damage to two carriers.

The Japanese were the winners in terms of ships sunk and damaged. However, the loss by the Japanese of many experienced aircrews helped the Allies, who did not lose many aircrew. The Japanese carriers did not have any more important roles in the battle.

To strengthen his victory in the Battle for Henderson Field, Vandegrift sent six Marine battalions, later joined by one U.S. Army battalion, on an attack west of the Matanikau. The attack was commanded by Merritt Edson and its goal was to capture Kokumbona, headquarters of the 17th Army, west of Point Cruz.

Defending the Point Cruz area were Japanese army troops from the 4th Infantry Regiment commanded by Nomasu Nakaguma. The 4th Infantry was in poor condition because of battle deaths and injuries, tropical disease, and malnutrition.

The American attack began on 1 November. It destroyed Japanese forces defending the Point Cruz area by 3 November. The Americans seemed to be close to capturing Kokumbona. Then American forces found newly landed Japanese troops near Koli Point on the eastern side of the Lunga perimeter.

To deal with these newly landed Japanese troops, Vandegrift stopped the Matanikau attack on 4 November. The Americans had 71 deaths and the Japanese around 400 killed.

At Koli Point early in the morning 3 November, five Japanese destroyers delivered 300 army troops. They were sent to help Shōji and his troops who were going to Koli Point after the Battle for Henderson Field.

When Vandegrift found out about the Japanese landing, he sent a battalion of Marines under Herman H. Hanneken to attack the Japanese at Koli. Soon after landing, the Japanese soldiers pushed Hanneken's battalion back towards the Lunga perimeter.

In response, Vandegrift ordered Puller's Marine battalion plus two of the 164th infantry battalions, along with Hanneken's battalion, to attack the Japanese forces there.

As the American troops began to move, Shōji and his soldiers began to arrive at Koli Point. Beginning on 8 November, the American troops tried to surround Shōji's forces at Gavaga Creek near Koli Point.

Hyakutake ordered Shōji to leave his positions at Koli and rejoin Japanese forces at Kokumbona in the Matanikau area. Between 9 and 11 November, Shōji and between 2,000 and 3,000 of his men escaped into the jungle to the south. On 12 November, the Americans killed all the remaining Japanese soldiers. The Americans counted the bodies of 450–475 Japanese dead in the Koli Point area and captured most of Shōji's heavy weapons and supplies. The American forces had 40 killed and 120 wounded in the attack.

On 4 November, two companies from the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Evans Carlson landed by boat at Aola Bay, east of Lunga Point. Carlson's raiders, along with troops from the U.S. Army's 147th Infantry Regiment, were told to protect 500 Seabees as they constructed an airfield at that location. Halsey had agreed with the plan to build an airfield at Aola Bay.

The Aola airfield construction was stopped at the end of November because the land was not good for building an airfield.

On 5 November, Vandegrift ordered Carlson to attack any of Shōji's forces that had escaped from Koli Point. Carlson and his troops did a 29-day patrol from Aola to the Lunga perimeter. During the patrol, Carlson's soldierz fought several battles with Shōji's retreating forces, killing almost 500 of them, while having 16 killed themselves.

In addition to the deaths from attacks by Carlson's raiders, tropical diseases and a lack of food caused more of Shōji's men to die. By the time Shōji's forces reached the Lunga River in mid-November, about halfway to the Matanikau, only 1,300 men remained. When Shōji reached the 17th Army positions west of the Matanikau, only 700 to 800 survivors were still with him. Most of the survivors from Shōji's force joined other Japanese units defending the Mount Austen and upper Matanikau River area.

Japanese destroyer trips on 5, 7 and 9 November, delivered additional troops from the Japanese 38th Infantry Division, including most of the 228th Infantry Regiment to Guadalcanal. These fresh troops were put in the Point Cruz and Matanikau area, and they stopped attacks by American forces on 10 and 18 November. The Americans and Japanese remained facing each other along a line west of Point Cruz for the next six weeks.

After the defeat in the Battle for Henderson Field, the IJA planned to try again to capture the airfield in November 1942. They needed new soldiers before the attack could start. The IJA requested help from Yamamoto to deliver the new troops to the island and to support the next attack.

Yamamoto provided 11 large transport ships to carry the remaining 7,000 troops from the 38th Infantry Division, their ammunition, food, and heavy equipment from Rabaul to Guadalcanal. He also provided a warship force that included two battleships. The two battleships, and , with special fragmentation shells, were to bomb Henderson Field on the night of 12–13 November and destroy it and the aircraft stationed there. This would allow the slow, heavy transports to reach Guadalcanal and unload safely the next day. The warship force was commanded from "Hiei" by recently promoted Vice Admiral Hiroaki Abe.

In early November, Allied forces learned that the Japanese were preparing again to try to capture Henderson Field. Therefore, the U.S. sent Task Force 67, a convoy carrying Marines, two U.S. Army infantry battalions, and ammunition and food to Guadalcanal on 11 November. The supply ships were protected by two task groups, commanded by Rear Admirals Daniel J. Callaghan and Norman Scott, and aircraft from Henderson Field. The ships were attacked several times on 11 and 12 November by Japanese aircraft but most were unloaded without serious damage.

U.S. aircraft spotted the approach of Abe's bombing force and warned the Allied command. Turner sent all usable combat ships under Callaghan to protect the troops ashore from the expected Japanese naval attack and troop landing. He also ordered the supply ships at Guadalcanal to leave by early evening 12 November. Callaghan's force comprised two heavy cruisers, three light cruisers, and eight destroyers.

Around 01:30 on 13 November, Callaghan's force met Abe's bombing group between Guadalcanal and Savo Island. In addition to the two battleships, Abe's force included one light cruiser and 11 destroyers. In darkness, the two warship forces opened fire. Abe's warships sank or severely damaged all but one cruiser and one destroyer in Callaghan's force and both Callaghan and Scott were killed.

Two Japanese destroyers were sunk and another destroyer and "Hiei" was heavily damaged. In spite of his defeat of Callaghan's force, Abe ordered his warships to pull back without bombing Henderson Field. "Hiei" sank later that day after air attacks by CAF aircraft and aircraft from the U.S. carrier . Because of Abe's failure to destroyHenderson Field, Yamamoto ordered the troop transport convoy to wait an additional day before heading towards Guadalcanal.

Yamamoto ordered Nobutake Kondō to assemble another bombing force using warships from Truk and Abe's force to attack Henderson Field on 15 November.

At 02:00 on 14 November, a cruiser and destroyer force under Gunichi Mikawa bombed Henderson Field. The bombing caused some damage but failed to destroy airfield or most of its aircraft. As Mikawa's force went back to Rabaul, Tanaka's transport convoy, thinking that Henderson Field was now destroyed began its trip towards Guadalcanal.

Throughout 14 November, aircraft from Henderson Field and "Enterprise" attacked Mikawa's and Tanaka's ships, sinking one heavy cruiser and seven of the transports. Most of the troops were rescued from the transports by Tanaka's escorting destroyers and returned to the Shortlands. After dark, Tanaka and the remaining four transports continued towards Guadalcanal as Kondo's force approached to bomb Henderson Field.

In order to attack Kondo's force, Halsey, who was low on undamaged ships, sent two battleships, and , and four destroyers from the "Enterprise" task force. The U.S. force, under the command of Willis A. Lee aboard "Washington", reached Guadalcanal and Savo Island just before midnight on 14 November, shortly before Kondo's bombing force arrived.

Kondo's force consisted of "Kirishima" plus two heavy cruisers, two light cruisers, and nine destroyers. After the two forces met, Kondo's force quickly sank three of the U.S. destroyers and heavily damaged the fourth. The Japanese warships then damaged "South Dakota". As Kondo's warships concentrated on "South Dakota", "Washington" approached the Japanese ships and opened fire on "Kirishima", hitting the Japanese battleship and causing serious damage. After chasing "Washington" towards the Russell Islands, Kondo ordered his warships to pull back without bombing Henderson Field. One of Kondo's destroyers was also sunk during the battle.

As Kondo's ships pulled back, the four Japanese transports landed near Tassafaronga on Guadalcanal at 04:00 and began unloading. At 05:55, U.S. aircraft and artillery began attacking the transports, destroying all four transports along with most of the supplies that they carried.

Only 2,000–3,000 of the army troops made it ashore. Because of the failure to deliver most of the troops and supplies, the Japanese were forced to cancel their planned November attack on Henderson Field.

On 26 November, Japanese Lieutenant General Hitoshi Imamura took command of the newly formed Eighth Area Army at Rabaul. The new command included both Hyakutake's 17th Army and the 18th Army in New Guinea.

One of Imamura's first goals was to retake Henderson Field and Guadalcanal. The Allied offensive at Buna in New Guinea, however, changed Imamura's goals.

Because the Allied attempt to take Buna was considered a more severe threat to Rabaul, Imamura delayed sending new troops to Guadalcanal to concentrate on the situation in New Guinea.

The Japanese continued to have problems in delivering enough supplies to their troops on Guadalcanal. Attempts to use only submarines the last two weeks in November did not provide enough food for Hyakutake's forces.

A separate attempt to establish bases in the central Solomons to use to send barge convoys to Guadalcanal also failed because of Allied air attacks. On 26 November, the 17th Army told Imamura that it lacked food. Some front-line units had not been supplied for six days . This forced the Japanese to return to using destroyers to deliver the necessary supplies.

Eighth Fleet sailors thought of a plan to help reduce the time that destroyers delivering supplies to Guadalcanal were exposed to Allied attack. Large oil or gas drums filled with medical supplies and food and strung together with rope. When the destroyers arrived at Guadalcanal they would cut loose the drums and a boat from shore could pick up the rope.

The Eighth Fleet's Guadalcanal Reinforcement Unit (the Tokyo Express) was told to make five deliveries to Tassafaronga on Guadalcanal using the drum method on the night of 30 November. Tanaka's unit had eight destroyers, with six destroyers carrying 200 to 240 drums of supplies each.

When Halsey learned about the Japanese supply attempt, he ordered the newly formed Task Force 67, which had four cruisers and four destroyers under the command of U.S. Rear Admiral Carleton H. Wright, to attack Tanaka's force off Guadalcanal. Two additional destroyers joined Wright's force during the day of 30 November.

At 22:40 on 30 November, Tanaka's force arrived off Guadalcanal and prepared to unload the supply barrels. Meanwhile, Wright's warships were approaching from the opposite direction. Wright's destroyers detected Tanaka's force on radar and the commander requested permission to attack with torpedoes. Wright waited four minutes before giving permission.

This allowed Tanaka's force to escape from being torpedoed. All of the American torpedoes missed their targets. At the same time, Wright's cruisers opened fire, hitting and destroying one of the Japanese destroyers. The rest of Tanaka's warships abandoned the supply mission, turned, and launched 44 torpedoes in the direction of Wright's cruisers.

The Japanese torpedoes hit and sank the U.S. cruiser and heavily damaged the cruisers , , and . The rest of Tanaka's destroyers escaped without damage, but failed to deliver any of the supplies to Guadalcanal.

By 7 December 1942, Hyakutake's forces were losing about 50 men each day from malnutrition, disease, and Allied ground or air attacks. Further attempts by Tanaka's destroyer forces to deliver supplies on 3 December 7 December, and 11 December, did not solve the supply problem. One of Tanaka's destroyers was sunk by a U.S. PT boat torpedo.

On 12 December, the Japanese Navy thought about abandoning Guadalcanal. At the same time, several army staff officers at the Imperial General Headquarters (IGH) said retaking Guadalcanal would be impossible. A group led by IJA Colonel Joichiro Sanada, chief of the IGH's operations section, visited Rabaul on 19 December and talked to Imamura and his staff.

When this group returned to Tokyo, Sanada recommended that Guadalcanal be abandoned. The IGH's top leaders agreed with Sanada's recommendation on 26 December. They ordered their staff to plan for a withdrawal from Guadalcanal. A new defense line would be set up in the central Solomons, and soldiers and weapons could be sent to the campaign in New Guinea.

On 28 December, General Hajime Sugiyama and Admiral Osami Nagano told Emperor Hirohito of the decision to withdraw from Guadalcanal. On 31 December, the Emperor agreed with the decision. The Japanese secretly began to prepare for the evacuation, called Operation Ke, scheduled to begin during January 1943.

By December, the tired 1st Marine Division was brought back for a rest, and over the next month the U.S. XIV Corps took over operations on the island. This corps consisted of the 2nd Marine Division and the U.S. Army's 25th Infantry and Americal Divisions. U.S. Army Major General Alexander Patch replaced Vandegrift as commander of Allied forces on Guadalcanal. By January this was over 50,000 men.

On 18 December, Allied (mainly U.S. Army) forces began attacking Japanese soldiers on Mount Austen. A strong Japanese fort, called the Gifu, made the attacks hard and the Americans had to stop their attacks on 4 January.

The Allies attacking the Japanese on 10 January on Mount Austen. They also attacked two nearby ridges called the Seahorse and the Galloping Horse. The Allies captured all three by 23 January. At the same time, U.S. Marines advanced along the north coast of the island. The Americans lost about 250 killed in the operation while the Japanese suffered around 3,000 killed–about 12 to 1 in the Americans' favor.

On 14 January, destroyers delivered troops to guard the "Ke" evacuation. Japanese warships and aircraft moved around the Rabaul and Bougainville areas in preparation to withdraw their troops. Allied forces detected the Japanese movements, but thought they were another attempt to retake Henderson Field and Guadalcanal.

Patch, afraid of another Japanese attack, sent only a small portion of his troops to continue an attack against Hyakutake's forces. On 29 January, Halsey sent a resupply convoy to Guadalcanal protected by a cruiser task force. Sighting the cruiser task force, Japanese naval torpedo bombers attacked the task force and heavily damaged the U.S. cruiser . The next day, more torpedo aircraft attacked and sank "Chicago".

Halsey ordered the remainder of the task force to return to base and directed the rest of his naval forces to take station in the Coral Sea, south of Guadalcanal, to be ready to respond to a Japanese attack.

The Japanese 17th Army withdrew to the west coast of Guadalcanal while rear guard groups stopped the American attacks. On the night of February 1, 20 destroyers from Mikawa's 8th Fleet under Shintaro Hashimoto removed 4,935 soldiers, mainly from the 38th Division, from the island. The Japanese and the Americans each lost a destroyer from air and naval attacks.

On the nights of 4 and 7 February, Hashimoto and his destroyers completed the removal of most of the remaining Japanese forces from Guadalcanal. Apart from some air attacks, Allied forces did not try to stop Hashimoto's efforts to withdraw his troops. In total, the Japanese removed 10,652 men from Guadalcanal. On 9 February, Patch realized that the Japanese were gone and declared Guadalcanal secure for Allied forces, ending the battle.

After the Japanese withdrawal, Guadalcanal and Tulagi were developed into major bases. These bases supported the Allied advance further up the Solomon Islands chain. In addition to Henderson Field, two additional fighter runways were constructed at Lunga Point and a bomber airfield was built at Koli Point.

Naval ports were built at Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida. The anchorage around Tulagi became an important base for Allied warships and transport ships supporting the Solomon Islands campaign. Major ground units stayed in camps on Guadalcanal before being sent further up the Solomons.

After Guadalcanal the Japanese were having to defend themselves in the Pacific. The efforts to send new troops to Guadalcanal had weakened Japanese efforts in other areas. This helped the Australian and American attack in New Guinea to be successful. This led to the capture of the bases of Buna and Gona in early 1943.

In June, the Allies launched Operation Cartwheel, which aimed to cut off Rabaul and the forces centered there. This helped the South West Pacific campaign under General Douglas MacArthur. It also helped the Central Pacific island hopping campaign under Admiral Chester Nimitz. Both efforts got the Allies closer to Japan. The remaining Japanese defenses in the South Pacific area were destroyed or bypassed by Allied forces.

The Battle of Guadalcanal was one of the first long battles in the Pacific, alongside the Solomon Islands campaign. Both battles were very hard to organize for both of the nations involved. For the U.S., it had to learn how to do combat air transport. A failure to achieve air superiority forced Japan to get new troops in by barges, destroyers, and submarines, which did not work that well.

Early in the battle, the Americans lacked resources, as they lost cruisers and carriers. It took months for replacement ships to be finished.

The U.S. Navy suffered such high losses during the campaign that it refused to release total casualty figures for years. However, as the campaign continued, and the American public became more and more aware of the heroism of the American forces on Guadalcanal, more forces were sent to the area.

This was a problem for Japan as its military-industrial complex was unable to produce as much as the Americans. Thus, as the battles continued, the Japanese were losing equipment they could not replace while the Americans were replacing and even adding to their forces.

The Guadalcanal battles made Japan lose a lot of equipment and soldiers. About 25,000 experienced troops were killed during the battles. These losses meant that Japan could not achieve its goals in the New Guinea campaign. Japan also lost control of the southern Solomons and the ability to stop Allied shipping to Australia.

Japan's major base at Rabaul was threatened by Allied air power. Japanese land, air, and naval forces had been lost. The Japanese could not replace the aircraft and ships destroyed and sunk in these battles. Nor could they replace their highly trained and veteran crews, especially the naval aircrews, nearly as quickly as the Allies.

After the victory at the Battle of Midway America was able to have naval strength in the Pacific equal to Japan's. It was only after the Allied victories in Guadalcanal and New Guinea that the Japanese attacks ended. The Guadalcanal Campaign ended all Japanese expansion attempts and placed the Allies in a position of power. This Allied victory was the first step in a winning other battles that eventually led to the surrender of Japan and the occupation of the Japanese home islands.

The "Europe first" policy of the United States had at first meant they only defended against Japanese expansion, to focus resources on defeating Germany. However, Admiral King's argument for the Guadalcanal invasion, convinced President Franklin D. Roosevelt that the Pacific War could be won as well. By the end of 1942, it was clear that Japan had lost the Guadalcanal campaign. This was very bad for Japan's plans for defending their empire.

The military victory for the Allies was important. The psychological victory was also important. The Allies had beaten Japan's best land, air, and warship forces. After Guadalcanal, Allied personnel regarded the Japanese military with much less fear than previously. In addition, the Allies began to think they could win the Pacific War.

Beyond Kawaguchi, several Japanese 
political and military leaders, including Naoki Hoshino, Osami Nagano, and Torashirō Kawabe, stated after the war that Guadalcanal was the turning point in the conflict.

Desmond Tutu

Archbishop Desmond Mpilo Tutu (7 October 1931 – 26 December 2021) was a South African social rights activist. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 for his work fighting apartheid in South Africa. He was the first Anglican bishop in Cape Town. He chaired the Truth and Reconciliation Commission during the 1990s which helped victims of apartheid speak out and seem justice.

Tutu was born in Klerksdorp, Transvaal. When Tutu was twelve he moved with his family to Johannesburg. Tutu wanted to become a doctor. His family could not afford to send him to medical school, so Tutu studied at the Pretoria Bantu Normal College to become a teacher. He taught at Johannesburg Bantu High School and at Munsienville High School in Mogale City.

Tutu married Nomalizo Lea Shenxane on 2 July 1955. In 1975 he moved into what is now known as Tutu House in Soweto.

Desmond Tutu turned 90 in October 2021. He died at a medical center in Cape Town, South Africa on 26 December 2021, aged 90. He was being treated for prostate cancer at the time of his death.

Happy Tree Friends

Happy Tree Friends is an American adult animated web series. It had achieved a cult following on YouTube. Montijo, Navarro, Graff, Ankrum also serve as the as showrunners.

Despite the childlike art style of the series and having a colorful cast of characters, the show would often have the animals go through very violent situations, complete with detailed gore. These twists happen during each episode, which was met with surprised and positive reactions and reviews. The portrayal of death in "Happy Tree Friends" is usually very extreme and anatomically correct, the special effects are oftem more vivid and of exaggerated detail.

The official music videos are comparable to that of "Nirvana" (the short cartoon featured on their song "Smells Like Teen Spirit"), Soundgarden, Alice in Chains and Pearl Jam. The series is also referenced in the music video "Carpal Tunnel of Love" by rock band Fall Out Boy, in which the members are designed like the animal characters by the webseries' staff. The band members end up dying in the music video by a tow cable.

The program has little to no speech. When the characters do speak, their words are severely garbled. It is easy to tell what each character's reaction is, but their words are very hard to understand. According to its website, the idea for "Happy Tree Friends" was created by Rhode Montijo when he drew a yellow volkswagen rabbit, that may have evolved into the character of Cuddles, on a piece of paper and wrote "Resistance Is Futile" underneath it. 

A "Happy Tree Friends" spin-off called "Ka-Pow!" premiered on September 2, 2008. One of the characters was also featured in a video titled "YouTube Copyright School", which curiously enough is not intended to be as twisted and gory.



Brée

Brée is a commune of 459 people (as of 1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


La Brûlatte

La Brûlatte is a commune of 607 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Buret

Le Buret is a commune of 255 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Carelles

Carelles is a commune of 324 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

At the time of writing, it has a church, a school, a bar/ restaurant and a village shop. The band (amalgamated with those of Levare and Montaidin) is a strong presence in the village and there is a local drama group which plays to villages round about during the early part of the year. The annual Fete is held on the first Sunday in July and Is not to be missed.

There is a thriving and well integrated English community established over twenty years.

Chailland

Chailland is a commune of 1136 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chailland is also a very common last name of a family living in the United States mostly located in southeast Missouri and Southern FL.

Châlons-du-Maine

Châlons-du-Maine is a commune of 572 people (). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chammes

Chammes is a former commune of 328 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sainte-Suzanne-et-Chammes.

Champéon

Champéon is a commune of 512 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Champfrémont

Champfrémont is a commune of 248 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Champgenéteux

Champgenéteux is a commune of 554 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Changé, Mayenne

Changé is a commune of 5261 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chantrigné

Chantrigné is a commune of 588 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Chapelle-Anthenaise

La Chapelle-Anthenaise is a commune of 865 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Latency

In engineering, latency is the name for the time period that needs to be waited to see a result.

La Chapelle-au-Riboul

La Chapelle-au-Riboul is a commune of 448 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Galois field

In abstract algebra, a finite field or Galois field is a field that contains only finitely many elements. Finite fields are important in number theory, algebraic geometry, Galois theory, cryptography, and coding theory. The finite fields are completely known. Finite fields were named Galois Fields to honor Évariste Galois.

Appliance

An appliance is a machine that only has limited functionality. A prosthesis is an example. Many appliances need electricity to work.

Mayenne

La Mayenne is a department the northwest of France. It was named after the river "la Mayenne" and its number is 53. It is in the region Pays de la Loire. Its population is 285,338 (1999) and its land area is 5,175 km². The population density is 55/km². It has 261 communes, its prefecture is Laval ans its subprefectures are Mayenne and Château-Gontier. The inhabitants are called the "Mayennais".

Forward error correction

In telecommunications Forward error correction (FEC) is a special code for error detection and correction. The sender adds parts of the data again. This is called redundancy. The receiver is then able to detect certain errors that came from sending data. In certain cases, the receiver can correct the error, without the need for a retransmission.

FEC adds redundancy to the transmitted information with a known algorithm. Each redundant bit is a function of many original information bits. The original information may or may not appear in the encoded output; codes that include the unmodified input in the output are systematic, while those that do not are nonsystematic.

An extremely simple example would be an analog to digital converter that samples three bits of signal strength data for every bit of transmitted data. If the three samples are mostly all zero, the transmitted bit was probably a zero, and if three samples are mostly all one, the transmitted bit was probably a one. The simplest example of error correction is for the receiver to assume the correct output is given by the most frequently occurring value in each group of three.
This allows an error in any one of the three samples to be corrected by "democratic voting", but is a very inefficient FEC. But in practice would not work very well, but it does illustrate the principle. In practice, FEC codes typically examine the last several dozen, or even the last several hundred, previously received bits to determine how to decode the current small handful of bits (typically in groups of 2 to 8 bits).

Such triple modular redundancy, the simplest form of forward error correction, is widely used.

Mayenne (river)

"For other uses, see" Mayenne (disambiguation)
La Mayenne is a river in the northwest of France. Its source in the Orne, about 15 km west of Alençon. It joins the Sarthe and Loire River north of Angers to form the Maine.

It is 200 km long and its surface area is about 5 820 km². It has an average discharge of 50 m³/s.

Mayenne (disambiguation)

Mayenne can refer to:

Error detection and correction

Error detection and correction is about methods to make sure that information or data is not corrupted, and still makes sense. The techniques help reliable delivery of digital data over unreliable communication channels.

There are different ways to make sure an error can be detected. This is done by adding more data or information to the data transmitted. Adding more data than needed is called redundancy.


There are two main ways to correct an error:


Mayenne (town)

"For other uses, see" Mayenne (disambiguation)

Mayenne is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. It is twinned with:

Antecedent

In grammar, an antecedent is a word or phrase that is repeated by another word or phrase. An antecedent is most often used with relative pronouns, words like "what", "that", and "who". The pronoun usually begins the relative clause and the antecedent is in the main clause. 

"I want a book that I can read".

In the example, the relative pronoun 'that' refers back to the antecedent, the word 'book'. , the main clause is "I want a book" and the relative clause is "that I can read". 

Some more examples: 
The relative pronouns are: , , , , .

Ark-La-Tex

The Ark-La-Tex, Arklatex, or ArkLaTex is a U.S. socio-economic region where Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma intersect.

cities it reach 2,500 people:

Broadway theatre

Broadway theatre means the theatrical performances in the 41 professional theatres, each with 500 or more seats, in the Theater District and Lincoln Center along Broadway, in Midtown Manhattan, New York City in the United States. 

Broadway and London's West End together represent the highest commercial level of live theater in the English-speaking world.

Central Oklahoma

Central Oklahoma is the geographical name for the central region of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is also known by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism designation, Frontier Country.

Cross Timbers makes up most of Central Oklahoma.

Cherokee Outlet

The Cherokee Outlet, more often referred to as the Cherokee Strip, was located in what is now the state of Oklahoma, in the United States. It was a sixty-mile (97 km) wide strip of land south of the Oklahoma-Kansas border between the 96th and 100th meridians.

Cross Timbers

The Cross Timbers is a semi-savanna on the southern Great Plains running from southeastern Kansas, across central Oklahoma, into central Texas. 

Four State Area

The Four State Area is a term used to describe the four corner region of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma with the Joplin, Missouri and Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Arkansas metropolitan areas included within.

Flint Hills

The Flint Hills, historically known as Bluestem Pastures, are a band of hills in eastern Kansas stretching into north-central Oklahoma. 

Green Country

Green Country is a heavily-wooded area in northeast Oklahoma. It has many rolling hills and mountains and a lot of plants. This is different from western and central Oklahoma, which are more like the rest of the Great Plains region of the United States.

Kiamichi Country

Southeastern Oklahoma, also known by its official tourism name, Kiamichi Country, covers the southeastern quarter of the state of Oklahoma.

Northwestern Oklahoma

Northwestern Oklahoma is the geographical region of the state of Oklahoma which includes the Oklahoma Panhandle, stretching to an eastern extent along Interstate 35, and its southern extent along the Canadian River to Noble County.

Ozarks

The Ozarks, also called the Ozark Mountains and Ozark Plateau, are a physiographic, geologic, and cultural highland region of the central United States. It covers much of the south half of Missouri and a large portion of northwest and North central Arkansas. The region also goes westward into northeast Oklahoma and extreme southeast Kansas. The name Ozarks comes from the French "Aux Arcs". The name means "with bows" and was given by an early French explorer to the Bow Indians (Quapaw). They were native to the area that later became Arkansas.

Oklahoma Panhandle

The Oklahoma Panhandle is the far west part of the state of Oklahoma. It includes Cimarron County, Texas County, and Beaver County. Its name comes from the shape that looks like the handle of a cooking pan.

South Central Oklahoma

South Central Oklahoma, or Arbuckle Country, as officially defined by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism, is an 10-county region in the state of Oklahoma. It is centered around the Arbuckle Mountains.

Southwestern Oklahoma

Southwest Oklahoma is a geographical name for the southwest portion of the state of Oklahoma, largely flat and dry, southwest Oklahoma is typical of the Great Plains region of the United States.

Oklahoma! (musical)

Oklahoma! is a musical. The music was composed by Richard Rodgers. The lyrics were written by Oscar Hammerstein. It world-premiered on Broadway on 31 March 1943. The musical was based on "Green Grow the Lilacs", a 1931 play by Lynn Riggs.

The story is set in Oklahoma Territory outside the town of Claremore in 1906. The cowboy Curly McLain is in love with farm girl Laurey Williams. Jud Fry, a farm hand, is also in love with Laurey. The play also includes the story of another cowboy, Will, and his girlfriend, Ado Annie.

"Oklahoma!" was made into a movie in 1955.

A special Pulitzer Prize award was given to Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II for "Oklahoma!" in the category of "Special Awards And Citations - Letters"

Stillwater, Oklahoma

Stillwater is the county seat of Payne County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 48,394 at the 2020 census.

Stillwater is also the home of Oklahoma State University.

Enid, Oklahoma

Enid is the county seat of Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 51,308 at the 2020 census.

Carlos Valderrama

Carlos Valderrama (born 2 September 1961), also known as ""El Pibe"" ("The Kid"), is a retired Colombian footballer. He played for clubs in Colombia, France, Spain, and the United States. He played for the Colombia national team from 1985 to 1998. 

In 2004, he was included in the FIFA 100. It is a list of "the best 125 living male and female footballers" selected by Pelé. 

77||4
17||1
82||5
175||16
351||26

!Total||111||11

List of cities and towns in Oklahoma

This is a list of cities and towns in Oklahoma.

In Oklahoma, cities are all those incorporated communities which are 1000 or more in population and are incorporated as cities. Towns are limited to town board type of municipal government. Cities may choose among aldermanic, mayoral, council-manager, and home-rule charter types of government. Cities may also petition to incorporate as towns.


Dino Zoff

Dino Zoff (; born 28 February 1942) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.

Juventus

Italy

Juventus

Player

Manager



List of governors of Oklahoma

This is a list of the governors of Oklahoma. Oklahoma is a state in the United States. The Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory joined the United States Union as the State of Oklahoma on November 16, 1907.

The table below shows who the state governors have been.

List of notable people from Oklahoma

The following are people who were either born/raised or have lived for a significant period of time in Oklahoma.
















Clovis culture

The Clovis culture was one of the first well documented Native cultures in the Americas. The Clovis people lived in the Americas about 13,000 years ago. They lived there for between 200 and 800 years. Different sources list different lengths of time in that range.

They had a special way of making tools like spear tips and knives from stones. The flint tips are called Clovis points. Artifacts that they made in this way can be found in many places in North America. The Clovis way of making tools only lasted between 500 and 1000 years. After that, other similar ways became more popular. 

They are called "Clovis culture" because archaeologists first found their artifacts at Clovis, New Mexico.

A decline in the availability of megafauna, together with the population becoming less and less mobile, led to local differentiation of lithic and cultural traditions across the Americas. After this time, Clovis-style fluted points were replaced by other fluted-point traditions (such as the Folsom culture).

The Clovis First theory says that the Clovis people crossed the Beringia land bridge over the Bering Strait from Siberia to Alaska during the period of lowered sea levels during the ice age, then made their way towards the south, through an ice-free corridor east of the Rocky Mountains in present-day Western Canada as the glaciers retreated.

"Clovis First" is one of the theories about the Settlement of the Americas. There are other ideas and research that go against "Clovis First".



Archaeological sites that have been shown to be older than the Clovis culture:

Mound builders

Mound Builder is a general term referring to certain cultures of pre-Columbian American Indians. These cultures built various styles of earthen mounds. There were burial, residential and ceremonial purposes. The cultures cover a long period of time. This is from about 3500 BCE to the 16th century CE. This includes the Archaic, Woodland and Mississippian periods. Notable cultures were the Adena, Hopewell, Plaquemine, Fort Ancient, Coles Creek and Mississippian cultures. These groups were around the Great Lakes, the Ohio River Valley, and the Mississippi River.

The mounds were flat structures with layers. They usually were pyramids. Some mounds were like domes. Some mounds were effigy mounds. They had shapes of animals. One famous one is the Serpent Mound in Ohio. The oldest mound is probably the Watson Brake in Louisiana. Usually, elite made workers build the mounds. Some mounds were burial sites for elite people of the tribes. 

There were several records of these mounds. Hernando de Soto was one of the earliest to see and record these mounds. The French artist Jacques le Moyne made paintings of these mounds. All of the mounds today are from the Woodland and Mississippian periods. 

The mounds started to disappear with colonization. Disease decreased the population sizes of American Indians. Mound building ended after the 17th century.


Francisco Vázquez de Coronado

Francisco Vázquez de Coronado y Luján (ca. 1510 – September 22, 1554) was a Spanish conquistador, who visited New Mexico and other parts of what are now the southwestern United States between 1540 and 1542. He died in 1554. He married Beatriz De Estrada, the daughter of a colonial treasurer. He is more commonly known as "Francisco Vásquez de Coronado" or "Francisco Coronado".

Seven Cities of Gold

The Seven Cities of Gold is a legend from the Spanish conquest of South America. It led to several expeditions by adventurers and conquistador during the 16th century. The legend originated in New Spain, about the lost cities of Quivira and Cíbola.

The location of the golden cities appear to have been in the mountains (Cibola) of the Inca. Quivira was the location of the fabulous source of mineral wealth but it was located in Kansas and it was the Flint fire stone (Quay-Vi-ra). Well known to the Indians of North America but not the gold the Spanish lusted for. 
Now famous as the Flint Hills of Kansas. 

Fort Gibson, Oklahoma

Fort Gibson is a town in Cherokee and Muskogee counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The population was 3,814 at the 2020 census. It is the oldest town in Oklahoma, it was established in 1824. It is the location of Fort Gibson National Cemetery. It is near to the end of the Cherokees' Trail of Tears at Tahlequah.

Government of Oklahoma

The government of the US State of Oklahoma, established by the Oklahoma Constitution, is a republican democracy modelled after the Federal government of the United States.

List of counties in Oklahoma

This is a list of the seventy-seven counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Oklahoma is ranked 20th size and 17th in the number of counties.

List of regions of the United States

This is a list of regions of the United States.

Regional divisions used by the United States Census Bureau

Adair County, Oklahoma

Adair County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 19,495 people lived there. Its county seat is Stilwell.

The county was created in 1907.

The county has a total area of 577 square miles.




Alfalfa County, Oklahoma

Alfalfa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,699 people lived there. Its county seat is Cherokee.

The county has a total area of 881 square miles.





Atoka County, Oklahoma

Atoka County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and was formed in 1907 from Choctaw Lands. As of 2020, 14,143 people lived there. Its county seat is Atoka.

The county has a total area of 990 square miles.



Beaver County, Oklahoma

Beaver County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,049 people lived there. Its county seat is Beaver.

The county has a total area of 1,818 square miles. Beaver County is located in the Oklahoma Panhandle.

The area now known as Beaver County was part of Mexico from 1821 until 1836. Before that, it was part of New Spain. As part of the Compromise of 1850, the new state of Texas gave up the Oklahoma Panhandle. Between 1850 and 1890, the area did not belong to any state or territory. In 1886, a group of settlers in the area formed their own government, and named the Oklahoma Panhandle the Cimarron Territory. Many of these settlers were from Beaver City. The territory was never recognized by the United States government. The area was assigned to the new Oklahoma Territory in May 1890. The State of Oklahoma was formed in 1907.



Beckham County, Oklahoma

Beckham County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 22,410 people lived there. Its county seat is Sayre.

The county has a total area of 904 square miles.

Blaine County, Oklahoma

Blaine County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 8,735 people lived there. Its county seat is Watonga.

The county has a total area of 939 square miles.

Bryan County, Oklahoma

Bryan County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. In 2020, about 46,067 people lived there. Its county seat is Durant.

The county has a total area of 943 square miles.

Caddo County, Oklahoma

Caddo County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 26,945 people lived there. Its county seat is Anadarko.

The county has a total area of 1,290 square miles.

Canadian County, Oklahoma

Canadian County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. In 2020, 154,405 people lived there. Its county seat is El Reno.

The county has a total area of 905 square miles.

Carter County, Oklahoma

Carter County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 48,003 people lived there. Its county seat is Ardmore.

The county has a total area of 834 square miles.

Choctaw County, Oklahoma

Choctaw County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 14,204 people lived there. Its county seat is Hugo.

The county has a total area of 801 square miles.

Cleveland County, Oklahoma

Cleveland County is a county in the central part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 295,528 people lived there. Its county seat is Norman.

The county has a total area of 558 square miles.

Coal County, Oklahoma

Coal County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,266 people lived there. Its county seat is Coalgate.

Coal County was made in 1907.

The county has a total area of 521 square miles.

Comanche County, Oklahoma

Comanche County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 121,125 people lived there. Its county seat is Lawton.

The county has a total area of 1,064 square miles.

English Football League

The English Football League (which was the Football League) is a football league in England and Wales. It was created in 1888 and was the top league in England until 1992 when the English Premier League was made. It is now a league for tiers 2-4 of English football.



Alexandra (Lykrophon)

Alexandra is a work by the Greek poet Lykophron, who is only known through this work. It was written between 196 and 190 BC. The work has 1474 lines, which are done in jambic trimeters. This is what most Greek tragedies were written in. 

Paris left for Sparta, to abduct Helena, the wife of Menelaos. This was going to cause the Trojan War. Kassandra is left in the temple, guarded by someone instructed by Priamos, her father. The text is the report this guard gives to Priamos, about what Kassandra had said. 

Kassandra (named ALexandra) first recalls how Herakles destroyed Troy. She then tells about the Trojan War. A large central part is devoted to how the Greek heroes return home. She tells about Odysseus, his travels, and how he went home to his wife Penelope. Penelope later kills him. Kassandra also tells how Aeneas successfully settled in Rome, and how Rome became a big empire. The final part of the poem is devoted to the "eternal war" between Europe and Asia, about the Persian Wars and Alexander the Great. Kassandra says that six generations after him, a relative will win over the Macendonians, which will end the warring. Kassandra's speech ends with resignation, as she cannot stop the events. The guard ends his speech with a blessing for the Trojans.

The dark language of the poem comes from its vocabulary, its use of special, and old forms of words. Of about 3000 words of the poem, 518 words are only known from this poem, 117 occur in this poem for the first time. The main problems with this poem are that the persons are usually not named. Rather they are described with what they did. Geographical places are similarly unnamed, and only described using places in them. Many scholars have tried to identify places and people, in some cases this is no longer possible though. 


Football League Second Division

The Football League Second Division was the former 2nd division of English football. It was the 2nd division from 1892 until 1992, when the Premier League was created. It became the 3rd division after the founding of the Premier League replaced the Football League First Division as the 1st tier of football in England. It was replaced by the EFL League One in 2004.


Burmese boxing

Lethwei (; : ) or Burmese boxing is a full contact combat sport from Myanmar. Lethwei is considered to be one of the most brutal martial arts in the world, because headbutts are permitted and the fights are done bareknuckle (without gloves).

This famous method of fighting with the bareknuckle hands and with the uncovered feet came in the 3rd century when the monks had wanted to be trained and to defended themselves. It is a boxing "called martial" that borrows from the Burmese warriors all their array of particular plans for gaining success in the combat. It had come popular beginning of the 11th century under the king Anawratha, with combats among tribes with no rules and with a violence without common measure. The way of facing is special very much, much often taking a certain animal behaviour and is alike only of much distant to other Eastern methods.

In the way received from ancestors, the combat is judged by two referees and is done in a circle where every form of the blow and of the throw is permitted. The present time brought the rules as if the Eastern boxing, especially the gloves, the things that keep safe, the rounds and the ring. The technical part of the person who fights is much wide and the behaviours are produced by other methods of the combat de Burma. Many unusually interesting actions are happened, especially the flying techniques (jumping kick, knee strike and with elbow in flying), and techniques in walking of stairs (kicks and knee strike). In the past, a traditional Burmese Boxing was quite different from Thaing, for its brutal and rough side. Today, is not so, because is having good organization under the modern conditions, can be agradable see.

Nine traditional techniques are the parts of the method of the Burmese boxing. The technical description of the lethwei include three main parts, the weapons which are used, the goals which are aims and the distances of the combat. We meet: 

From a point of view of particular plan for gaining succes in the combat, and in order to learn and remember, a part of laws is established. For example, we meet the following laws: 

According to a customary way, the combat is performed in a circle. In the Burmese villages, still in 21st century, this fight has kept in existence its character received from ancestors. Only the appearance of an Eastern ring and of the divisions seems to be mark of the present times.

The match is judged by two referees, in order to can better separate the men who take part in it, and six referees give a points to these men. All the techniques are permitted, a man can be hit in the ground. The boxers fight during the rounds much long. The rounds are changed by complete half-times during the other matches are performed.

The set of needed things is poor, the competitor uses certain pants of boxing, wrapped hands, coconut as a something that keeps the genitals safe, leather strap among the teeth. Till the present times, many Burmese boxers have the tattooed trunk and the leg. In a certain, you can see his victories, in other - the representations of animals (eagle, serpent, leopard, tiger, etc..) suggesting force and being brave.

Warrior dance performed in the beginning of the combat, in order to show ability and being brave. In the end of the dance, the crossed arms are hit each one of its shoulders with the opposite hand in order to announce that the boxer is hostile. A dance of victory is performed also after the decision of the referees.

Act of providing to see de the weapons used during the combat de lethwei, by the boxer himself. He hits the opposite arm with his open hand. The act of providing to see is performed from the top towards down, at the beginning with the fists and the elbows, then with the knee and in the end with the feet. 



American kickboxing

The word kickboxing represents a sport of combat of striking which is practised on ring. In the years 1960, in the United States, the sharp interest for the karate and for the other martial arts (kempo, kung-fu, taekwondo, bando, etc.) and the desire of several mass media does developping the things. 
Various styles of martial practices developped with the various forms of contact. Many champions wanting to know the special end easy recognized qualities of their techniques, helped in causing their gradual change. Competitions were arranged in lot of different styles of combat; like Jhoon Rhee's United States National Karate Championship, the Ed Parker's Battle of Atlanta, and from the 1963 they opens on ring of Bando kickboxing (form come to have of the ancient Burmese boxing brought in from another country by the person with special skill Maung Gyi). Other important competitions like Mas Oyama's All Worth America Championship (Karate Kyokushinkai to the K.O.) has changed the traditional competitions of karate from yet arranged without contact.

Also, the Bruce Lee's (famous cinema actor, in the middle of the years 1970) and Jhoon Rhee's (Alan Steen's, Jeff Smith's and Gordon Franks's teacher) idea of fighting with protections and gloves, has opened a new way for all the persons who like "real combat". At the beginning, American kickboxing is rules of competition. Such rules allow the competitors of the various martial practices to compete in a certain kind of fighting (at the beginning that ones of the WKA - World Karate Association). If is so much the main opinion that is become one of the forms of sport of combat produced by the martial arts more practised in the world.

Among the most known world systems, loaded with the management of the professional and amateur designations as champions in the "boxes pieds-poings" we have: the WKA (World Kickboxing Association) that had been founded in the USA in the 1976, the WAKO (World Association of KickBoxing Organizations) that had been founded in Germany in the 1978 (WAKO has its origins in the organization of amateur gatherings), the ISKA (that had been founded in 1986) that came from the PKA that did the development of the full contact at the beginning and the WKN (that had been founded in the 1997).



International federations:


Franco Baresi

Franchino Baresi (; born 8 May 1960) is an Italian football youth team coach and a former player and manager.

AC Milan
Individual
Orders


Archerfish

Archerfish (also known as archer fish, spinner fish or insect-eater) are small perciform fish. Some live in fresh water. Others live in salt water. They live in lots of places, like India, the Philippines, Australia, and Polynesia.

Archerfish eat insects and other small animals. The archerfish looks for an insect hanging over the water. The archerfish shoots drops of water out of its mouth at the insect. When the drops hit the insect, it falls into the water. Then the archerfish catches (gets) the insect and eats it.

Archerfish can eat insects up to two meters (six feet) away. Adult archerfish almost always hit the insect the first time, but young archerfish must do it many times in order to learn how.

The type species is the banded archerfish, "Toxotes jaculatrix". It is also known as the common archerfish or just archerfish. There is the common archerfish, which has a similar common name but is not the type species. The body of the "Toxotus chatareus" sooty but sometimes silvery or gold. The dorsal side is greenish-brown. 

The pectoral fins are clear or "dusky" in color. Pelvic fins may be darker and heavily pigmented.


John Peisley

John (Jack) Peisley (1835 – 1862) Australian bushranger was born in Bathurst New South Wales in 1835. He is believed to be the first bushranger born in Australia. His name is often found spelled as "Piesley".

John Peisley lived in the Abercrombie District with his well-known settler parents Thomas and Elizabeth. Their house was reputed a den of thieves. John Peisley was arrested in his teens for stealing. About 1840, the extended family of ticket of leave convicts Thomas Weavers and wife Sarah, previously Smith née Lake crossed the Blue Mountains to Bathurst and took up farming in the Mount Macquarie area where unofficial settlement started in 1821.  The first land grant was to Thomas Icely for "Coombing Park" in 1829.  Nearby land was taken up on Coombing and Fell Tree Creeks, and at Number One Swamp that developed into the village of Mount Macquarie, the latter renamed Neville in 1888. Thomas Weavers and stepson William Smith took up land together. On 12 May 1851, two horses missing from Thomas Weavers’ Mount Macquarie property were seen in the possession of seventeen-year-old John Peisley driving them and five more to the Abercrombie. He was arrested on warrant and indicted for stealing. The jury could not agree the identity of horses were sufficiently established and acquitted the accused, but he was remanded in custody, as he faced another charge of horse stealing. 

Not all Australian convicts and ticket of leave holders arrived in Australia on convict transports. Bathurst-born Colonial lad John Peisley was eventually convicted of stealing cattle and sentenced to serve time on Cockatoo Island near Sydney, now called Biloela. A prisoner who served time there was labelled a "Cockatoo Hand". There he met "Darkie" Frank Clark, who as Frank Christie, escapee from Melbourne’s Pentridge gaol in 1850 after serving five weeks of a five year sentence. In New South Wales, Clark turned to horse and cattle stealing in company with William Fogg. Convicted, he got seven years for attempting to sell stolen horses and forging horse ownership papers at Yass.
Clark, having served less than six years of his sentence, was given his ticket of leave on 
31 December 1859, conditional he stayed in the Carcoar District. At Carcoar, he worked for a butcher. Two months later, he absconded to new gold diggings at Kiandra and calling himself Frank Gardiner opened a butcher’s shop selling carcasses of stolen cattle. His true identity was soon realized and warrants issued. He was arrested in May 1861, but skipped bail at Lambing Flat (now Young). He teamed up with Canadian immigrant John Gilbert and reverted to full-time crime.

In December 1860, convict Peisley gained his Ticket of Leave at Scone, conditional upon him remaining in the Hunter River Valley. On 23 March 1861, fifty miles north-east of Bathurst, between Louisa Creek and Tambaroora, with fellow Cockatoo Hand named McKenzie, he robbed travelling bank officer Richard Cox Shaw carrying £565 in notes, also some gold and silver coins. Earlier bushrangers were mostly transported convicts; colony-born Peisley became the first true "Wild Colonial Boy". The robbers split and Peisley absconded to the Abercrombie Ranges he knew well. In May, at Fish River in Fogg’s ironbark slab humpy, six miles from Bigga, Peisley and Frank Clark reunited and teamed with John Gilbert as highway robbers, ‘sticking up’ travellers in the area between Bathurst, Lambing Flat, Gundagai and Yass. On 16 July morning, Sergeant John Middleton and Trooper William Hosie stationed at Tuena, descended upon Fogg’s humpy occupied by Fogg, his wife and children, Frank Clark armed with a six-shot revolver handgun, and Jim Barney, an old man. Unknown to the troopers, Peisley and Gilbert were camped one mile away. Called to surrender, Clark shot Middleton three times, in the hand, mouth and hip, and Trooper William Hosie received a glancing ball to his forehead. Clark was also wounded. They wrestled before Clark gave up and was manacled. Barney took off to warn Peisley and Gilbert. Middleton left for Bigga to get help and reinforcements. Circumstances of Hosie leaving for Bigga were disputed. Fogg claimed Hosie accepted fifty sovereigns to release Clark and to say he escaped. Hosie averred at Fogg’s trial for obstructing police, while he and Fogg escorted the prisoner along the road to Bigga, Clark escaped when bushrangers Peisley and another (Gilbert) waylaid them. Trooper Hosie reached Bigga alone mid-afternoon. Weak and delirious from loss of blood, Sergeant Middleton arrived at nightfall. Both would later recover. Reports of Crime issued July and August 1861 declared £120 rewards, £20 for Clark’s apprehension, and £50 for Peisley’s, and further sum of £50 by Government for such information as shall lead to the conviction of those concerned in the outrage of attacking and wounding the Patrol with Firearms in the Bathurst District. The report disclosed:

"On the 16th July, Sergeant Middleton and Trooper Hosie, of the Western Patrol, were attacked and severely wounded at the Fish River, by Francis Clarke, alias Jones, alias Christie, a Ticket of Leave holder, illegally at large from his district; a native of Goulbourn, New South Wales, 31 years ... wounded in the affray on left temple by a pistol-ball or whip. He was captured and afterwards released by two armed men: John Peisley, a Ticket of Leave holder, illegally at large from his district; a native of Bathurst, New South Wales, about 26, 5 feet 8 ½ inches high, ruddy complexion, flaxen hair, bluish-grey eyes, long featured, pock-marked nose, several scars, arms and legs hairy, left eye spasmodic winking action… The other man is about 26 years"

The report also included weapons carried and comprehensive physical descriptions, normal clothing and by Clark (Gardiner) and Gilbert (not named). 
Displeased with ill-fame attributed him, Peisley wrote the editor of the Bathurst Free Press and Mining Journal by letter dated “Fish River, 4th September, 1861.” It stated, in part:

"You will no doubt be surprised to receive a note from the (now by all account) noted Piesley; but, Sir, through your valuable paper I must make it known that, if it be my lot to be taken, whether dead or alive, I will never be tried for the rescue of Gardiner, in the light in which it is presented; nor did I ever fire at Trooper Hosie. … I must be the Invisible Prince to commit one-tenth of what is laid to my charge. I trust I may never have to allude to this again. I love my native hills, I love freedom and detest cruelty to man or beast. Trusting you will publish this, my bold letter no doubt, but you can be assured it comes from the real John Piesley, and not any of his many representatives. I am, Mr. Editor, your much harassed writer, JOHN PIESLEY"

In the next months Clark, then more often called Gardiner, Peisley and Gilbert bushranged and retreated to the Weddin Mountains near Forbes and Cowra. Peisley separated from the gang and single-handed held up the Lambing Flat coach after it left Cowra. He then returned to Abercrombie District.

On 27 December 1861, Peisley went to Tom McGuinness’s inn at Bigga and left the next day with fellow drinker James Wilson, stocked with wine and brandy. They rode to a nearby farm owned by William and Stephen Benyon and continued drinking and arguing with the two brothers. He accused, 17 years earlier, when he was a kid, William had swapped a horse with him, which was no good. A fight erupted and Wilson took Peisley’s revolvers, which William’s wife Martha hid in the garden. At her husband’s insistence, she returned the revolvers. Peisley pursued Stephen Benyon to the barn followed by William Benyon. Both brothers were shot by Peisley; Stephen in the arm and William in the throat; witnessed by Martha Benyon, Wilson, farmhand George Harmer, servant girl Mary Samson and Thomas Weavers. 
Doctor Henry Kowland attended William Benyon the following day, and found a bullet had passed through his windpipe and lodged in the spine, paralyzing him from the neck down. He could not remove the bullet and considered the case hopeless from the start. He attended him again on 31 December, three days before he died. 
A warrant issued for Peisley’s arrest for the murder of Benyon and reward for information as would lead to his apprehension and conviction. An announcement in the Government Gazette of January 1862, after the murder of Benyon, based on Report of Crime dated 29 July 1861, described Peisley:

"About 28 years of age, about 5 ft 10 in. high, stout, well made, fresh complexion, very small light whiskers, quite bald on top of head and forehead, several recent marks on face, and a mark from a blow of a spade on top of head; puffed and dissipated-looking from hard drinking, invariable wears fashionable Napoleon boots, dark cloth breeches, dark vest buttoned up the front, large albert gold guard, cabbage-tree hat and duck coat. Sometimes wears a dark wig and always carries a brace of revolvers."

On 15 January, Constables Morris, Murphy and Simpson were searching the Abercrombie area for bushrangers and spoke with Peisley near Bigga. Police gave chase but Peisley’s superior horse enabled him to escape easily. He was identified and challenged by Corporal Carroll at Tarcutta on 29 January, and again escaped on his well-bred mount. One week later, after a struggle, Peisley was captured and secured near Bootes’s hotel, Mundarlo by Mr Mackenzie and Mr Beveridge of Wantabadgerie, who delivered him to Gundagai. At his committal before the Carcoar bench, Peisley called Thomas Weavers, but he corroborated the prosecution witnesses. Committed for trail, Peisley handcuffed and chained, was taken from Carcoar to Bathurst by a large posse of armed police.
He was tried and convicted in the Bathurst Court on 14 March 1862, for the murder of William Benyon and sentenced to death. He was hanged on 25 April 1862, in the Bathurst Gaol before about fifty people. Aboriginal Jackey Bullfrog was hanged at the same time for murdering William Clarke. At the gallows, Peisley pleaded he had a drunken fight, and death was Benyon’s fault as much as his. He averred he had he had nothing to do with Gardiner’s rescue, was nowhere near Fogg’s when he got away, and nothing to do with any attempt bribe Hosie. His last words were “Goodbye gentlemen, and God bless you.” Clark using the name Christie was captured at Appis Creek, Queensland in March 1864. He served ten years of a cumulative 32-year sentence for twice wounding Trooper Hosie, with intent to kill and intent to cause harm and two counts of armed robbery. 
Before and after Piesley’s hanging, John Gilbert teamed up with Ben Hall. Bushranging robberies by the end of 1864 were so troublesome that the Parliament of New South Wales rushed through a Bill, "An Act to facilitate the taking or apprehending of persons charged with certain felonies and the punishment of those by whom they are harboured." Within one month of the Act’s passing on 8 April 1865, Police shot them dead, Hall near Forbes on 6 May and Gilbert at Binalong one week later. Mourners gave them hero status.


La Chapelle-Craonnaise

La Chapelle-Craonnaise is a commune of 266 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Chapelle-Rainsouin

La Chapelle-Rainsouin is a commune of 234 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Charchigné

Charchigné is a commune of 396 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Karl Lagerfeld

Karl Lagerfeld (born Karl Otto Lagerfeldt; 10 September 1933 – 19 February 2019) was a German fashion designer. 

Lagerfeld was born in Hamburg, Germany. Many people saw him as one of the most influential persons of the late 20th century. He made fashion for many different labels, for example Chanel, Chloé and Fendi. He also owned several labels, which he started in the early 1980s. He also owned labels making perfumes. He designed clothes for many leading artists. 

He had a Birman cat called Choupette. The cat has its own social media accounts. 

Lagerfeld died on 19 February 2019 from pancreatic cancer in Neuilly-sur-Seine at the age of 85. Lagerfeld wrote Choupette into his will. 


Château-Gontier

Château-Gontier is a former commune of 11,131 people (as of 1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne.

Châtelain, Mayenne

Châtelain is a commune of 404 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Forbes, New South Wales

Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong. There were about 7,000 living in the town in 2001.

Forbes is on the banks of the Lachlan River. It is 245m above sea-level. It is about 380km west of Sydney. The farms in the area mainly grow wheat. Nearby towns and villages include: Parkes, Bedgerebong, Bundbarrah, Corradgery, Daroobalgie, Eugowra, Ooma North and Paytens Bridge. It is home to the Ben Hall a notorius Australian bushranger.

The first people to live in the Forbes area were the Australian aborigines, the Wiradjuri people. The first European was the explorer John Oxley in 1817. He called the area "Camp Hill". He did not think very much of the clay soil, poor timber and swamps. He wrote: ""...it is impossible to imagine a worse country"". The first settlers moved into the district in 1834 and started a station (farm) called "Bogabigal". Forbes is built on what was Arthur Rankin's farm called "Cunumbla" Station.

Gold was found at Forbes by Harry Stephens, also known as "German Harry", in June 1861. About 30,000 people moved to the goldfields, but by 1863 this had dropped to about 3,500 because mining the gold was too hard. The diggings were wet with water coming from the Lachlan River. About two thirds of the buildings were empty.

The goldfields were first called "Black Ridge". The town was named "Forbes" after Sir Francis Forbes. It is possible that the name was a mistake. The name Forbes should have been given to Hill End, New South Wales near Mudgee. Gold was found there at the same time. Gold at Forbes was first found in the area known as Halpin's Flat. The Albion Hotel, once a Cobb and Co. stage coach rest stop, has tunnels underneath it. These were used to take gold and money to and from the banks and stop it from being stolen. Farming became important after the gold mining ended. Forbes became an important stopping place on the main track for moving cattle from Queensland to Victoria.

One of Australia's most famous bushrangers, Ben Hall, was shot dead by police about 20km northwest of town on May 5, 1865. Hall and his gang were famous for stealing 77kg of gold and £3,700 from a stage coach near the town of Eugowra in 1862. He is buried in the Forbes Cemetery.

Kate Kelly, the sister of bushranger Ned Kelly, lived in Forbes. She was drowned in the Lachlan River in 1898. She is buried in Forbes Cemetery.

The railway reached Forbes in 1893. Passenger trains stopped going to Forbes in 1983.

Forbes Shire has 4 government primary schools: Forbes Primary School, Forbes North Primary School, Corinella Public School and Bedgerebong Public School. There is one private primary school, St Laurences Primary School. Forbes High School, north of Forbes, is a government school and in 2005 had about 550 students. Red Bend Catholic College at Forbes is a high school for boys and girls. It is on the site of the old Marist Brothers' College, on the banks of the Lachlan River. Red Bend has around 550 students attending in 2008.

There is also the Forbes College of Technical and Further Education (TAFE) and the Forbes Conservatorium (music).



Châtillon-sur-Colmont

Châtillon-sur-Colmont is a French commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Châtres-la-Forêt

Châtres-la-Forêt is a former French commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Évron.

Chemazé

Chemazé is a commune of 1019 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chémeré-le-Roi

Chémeré-le-Roi is a commune of 383 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chérancé, Mayenne

Chérancé is a commune of 166 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Chevaigné-du-Maine

Chevaigné-du-Maine is a commune of 206 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Colombiers-du-Plessis

Colombiers-du-Plessis is a commune of 514 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Commer, Mayenne

Commer is a commune of 1091 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Congrier

Congrier is a commune of 1036 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Contest, Mayenne

Contest is a commune of 765 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Cosmes

Cosmes is a commune of 273 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Cossé-en-Champagne

Cossé-en-Champagne is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. About 300 people live there (as of 1999). This town has had a church since the 11th century. It is known for its frescoes.

Cossé-le-Vivien

Cossé-le-Vivien is a commune of 2706 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Coudray, Mayenne

Coudray is a commune of 839 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Couesmes-Vaucé

Couesmes-Vaucé is a commune of 383 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Couptrain

Couptrain is a commune of 160 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Courbeveille

Courbeveille is a commune of 488 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Courcité

Courcité is a commune of 992 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Craon, Mayenne

Craon is a commune of 4,659 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Crennes-sur-Fraubée

Crennes-sur-Fraubée is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. 178 people lived there in 1999.

La Croixille

La Croixille is a commune of 547 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


La Cropte

La Cropte is a commune of 239 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Cuillé

Cuillé is a commune of 849 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Daon

Daon is a commune of 440 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Denazé

Denazé is a commune of 148 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Désertines, Mayenne

Désertines is a commune of 539 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Deux-Évailles

Deux-Évailles is a former commune of 152 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré, Montourtier and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

La Dorée

La Dorée is a commune of 396 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Entrammes

Entrammes is a commune of 2 108 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The people that live there are called "Entrammais".

Its name comes from the Gallo-Roman "Inter Amnes", that means ""between the waters"": in fact three rivers flow into its territory: the Mayenne, which gives its name to the department, the Jouanne, at the entrance of the village and the Ouette.

On its territory, in 1793, happened the battle of Entrammes.

̆* Port-du-Salut Abbey

Entrammes is twinned with:


Épineux-le-Seguin

Épineux-le-Seguin is a former commune of 172 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Maine.

Ernée

Ernée is a commune of 5,793 people (2006). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Évron

Évron is a commune of 7 575 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the former communes of Châtres-la-Forêt and Saint-Christophe-du-Luat were merged into Évron.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Fontaine-Couverte

Fontaine-Couverte is a commune of 388 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Forcé

Forcé is a commune of 1017 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Fougerolles-du-Plessis

Fougerolles-du-Plessis is a commune of 1566 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Fromentières, Mayenne

Fromentières is a commune of 674 peoples (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department. This is in the northwest of France.

Gastines

Gastines is a French commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Le Genest-Saint-Isle

Le Genest-Saint-Isle is a commune of 2075 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Gennes-sur-Glaize

Gennes-sur-Glaize is a former commune of 790 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Gennes-Longuefuye.

Gesnes

Gesnes is a commune of 174 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Gesvres

Gesvres is a commune of 543 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Gorron

Gorron is a commune of 2894 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Louis Althusser

Louis Pierre Althusser (Pronunciation: altuˡseʁ) (October 16, 1918 – October 22, 1990) was a Marxist philosopher. He was born in Algeria. He studied at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris. He became Professor of Philosophy there. He taught Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida.

Althusser was a member of the French Communist Party. Sometimes he had bad opinions about the party. He argued against things he thought attacked the basic ideas of Marxism. Some examples are the influence of empiricism on Marxist theory, humanist and reformist socialist orientations in European communist parties, the problem of the 'cult of personality' and ideology. 

Many people say that Althusser is a Structural Marxist. This is a type of Marxism based on structuralism. However, he had many different opinions about structuralism. In 1980, Althusser killed his wife. He went to a psychiatric hospital for three years. He died in 1990.

Gareth Owen

Gareth David Owen (born 21 September 1982) is an English-born Welsh former footballer, now working as academy director with Stoke City.

Individual

Stockport County

Gheorghe Hagi

Gheorghe Hagi (born 5 February 1965) is a former Romanian football player. He has played for the Romanian national team.

Steaua București

Real Madrid

Brescia

Barcelona

Galatasaray

Galatasaray

Viitorul Constanța

Farul Constanta


Gordon Banks

Gordon Banks (30 December 1937 – 12 February 2019) was an English footballer. He has played for England national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.

Banks played in every game of England's 1966 FIFA World Cup victory.

In October 1972 Banks was involved in a car crash in his car near his home in Madeley Heath. Fragments of glass perforated his right eye and damaged the retina. Surgeons put 100 micro stitches to the eye and a further 200 to his face. This effectively ended his career, though he played on for a while.

In December 2015, it was announced he was receiving treatment for kidney cancer. Banks died overnight on 12 February 2019 in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, aged 81.

510||0
37||0
1||0
548||0
!Total||73||0

Carlos Sastre

Carlos Sastre Candil (born 22 April 1975 in Leganés, Madrid) is a Spanish cyclist. He is retired and he won the Tour de France in 2008. He is a climbing specialist and has been very consistent, finishing consistently in the top 10 of the Vuelta and the Tour de France. A film made about his team showed that he is a man who loves his family. The title of the film is 'Overcoming'.

In 2009, his contract expired with CSC. He found work in two other teams before retiring at the end of 2011. Sastre is the only winner of the Tour de France from 2000 to 2010 who has not been involved in doping cases.

Ally McBeal

Ally McBeal is an American TV show that was on air from September 8, 1997, to May 20, 2002, by the Fox Channel. It is set in a law firm in Boston, Massachusetts. "Ally McBeal" is also the name of the main character played by Calista Flockhart.

Last of the Summer Wine

Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom. It ran longer than any other comedy show in the UK and longer than any other sitcom in the world. It airs on the television channel BBC One. Roy Clarke writes the show and Alan J. W. Bell produces and directs it. It started as an episode of the television show "Comedy Playhouse" and originally aired on 4 January 1973. The first series of episodes started airing on 12 November 1973. The show had broadcast its 30th series in 2009 and the 31st and final series was shown in 2010.

"Last of the Summer Wine" was filmed in and around Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, England. It features three older men who never get old and act like they are children. The three originally were Norman Clegg (Peter Sallis), Cyril Blamire (Michael Bates), and Compo Simmonite (Bill Owen). After two years, Blamire left the show. In his place, Brian Wilde joined as Foggy Dewhurst. The current cast is Russ Abbot as Hobbo Hobdyke, Burt Kwouk as Entwistle, and Brian Murphy as Alvin Smedley.

Some think the show is not as good as it used to be. Many people continue watching it, though, and praise it for portraying older people well and for its family-friendly humour. Members of the British Royal Family enjoy the show. The show has been nominated for some awards and won the National Television Award for Most Popular Comedy Programme in 1999. There have been many holiday specials, two television movies, and a documentary movie about the series. "Last of the Summer Wine" has inspired other adaptations, including a television prequel, several novelisations, and a stage adaptation.


Free Software Foundation

The Free Software Foundation (FSF) is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement, a movement which tries to promote the universal freedom to distribute and modify computer software without restriction. The FSF was started in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, United States of America.

From its founding (when it started) until the 1990s, FSF's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project. Since the mid-1990s, the FSF's employees and volunteers have mostly worked on legal and structural issues for the free software movement and the free software community.

The FSF holds the copyrights on many important pieces of the GNU system, such as the GCC. As a copyright holder, it has the power to enforce the GNU General Public License (GPL) when copyright infringement occurs on that software. While other copyright holders of other software systems used the GPL as their license, FSF was the only organization to regularly assert its copyright interests on software licensed under the GPL until Harald Welte created gpl-violations.org in 2004.

In late 2001, Bradley M. Kuhn (then Executive Director), with the help of Moglen, David Turner, and Peter T. Brown, turned these efforts into FSF's GPL Compliance Labs. From 2002-2004, high profile GPL enforcement cases, such as those against Linksys and OpenTV, became frequent. GPL enforcement and educational campaigns on GPL compliance was a major focus of the FSF's efforts during this period.

In March 2003, SCO filed suit against IBM alleging(saying) that IBM's contributions to some free software, including FSF's GNU, violated SCO's rights. While FSF was never a party to the lawsuit, FSF was subpoenaed on November 5, 2003. During 2003 and 2004, FSF put a lot of advocacy effort into responding to the lawsuit and removing its negative impact on the adoption and promotion of free software.


The FSF maintains a list of "high priority projects" where the Foundation says that ""there is a vital need to draw the free software community's attention"". The FSF says these projects are""important because computer users are continually being seduced into using non-free software, because there is no adequate free replacement.""




ITS 90

The ITS 90 is the international temperature scale, published in the year 1990. It mainly is a set of fixed temperatures and instructions how to realise a practical temperature scale, being as close to the thermodynamical temperature scale as current knowledge allows.

The first international temperature scale was established in 1927. An improved version came in 1948. In 1968 the IPTS 68 was issued. Note the letter P, which stands for practical. In 1975 the very low side of the scale (below 1 Kelvin) was added. Since 1990 the ITS 90 is in use.

A list of fixed temperatures is given. This list has been produced by national laboratories from all over the world. It has been approved by the B.I.P.M. (Bureau Internationale des Poids et Mesure) in Paris. Temperatures between the fixed points can be measured, using a platinum resistance thermometer (up to 660 °C). This thermometer, however, has to be calibrated first. This is being done at a number of fixed temperatures, covering the desired range. Procedures and formulae for defining an interpolating thermometer are given as well.

Say we need a calibrated thermometer in the range from room temperature to 400 °C. A triple point of water is to be realised for 0.01 °C. For 231.928 °C there is the freezing point of tin. At 419.527 °C it is the freezing point of zinc, which serves the goal.

After having measured the electrical resistance of this thermometer at the given temperatures, the data is being fed into a prescribed formula, giving the deviation coefficients for the range from 0 to 420 °C. So, from now on we have a thermometer with which we can perform accurate measurements according to the ITS 90.

This type of calibration is called primary calibration. With the thermometer we just calibrated we can perform a secondary calibration. Then another thermometer is to be calibrated against ours. This derived calibration, of course, is a little less accurate, but can take place at any suitable temperature within the range, since our thermometer interpolates between the fixed temperatures.

For more information see the official site of BIPM

Nude photography

Nude photography is a style of photography which shows the nude human body as a form of art. This is different from erotic photography, and pornography which focus on sexual arousal. 

For many photographers, nude photography is a study of the human body, much like some paintings did.
Photographing a named person is called portraiture. Nude photography focuses on showing the human body, and often the face is not visible.

In general, nude photography is a "planned image", not a snapshot. Nude photography wants to show a stylised depiction of the human body. Photographers sometimes use extremes of light and shadow, oiled skin, and shadows falling across the body to show the texture and structure of the body.

Nude Men are also used in photography, they are just less common.

Early photographers often showed the nudity of women like the one we see here by Félix-Jacques Moulin. Many, like Edward Weston, Jean-Christophe Destailleur, Augustao de Luca, Ruth Bernhard and Jerry Avenaim, preferred to show the lines of a body as a piece of art. They used the terms "art nude" and "figurenude" from painting to avoid suggestions that their works were meant to be erotica or pornography.

Laval (Mayenne)

Laval is a commune and the prefecture of the French department of Mayenne. The people that live there are called "Lavallois".

Laval is a medieval city and was first mentioned during the 11th century.


Laval is twinned with:

Erotic photography

Erotic photography is a style of photography, between nude photography and pornography. Erotic photography wants to show the more or less naked human body in a sexual context. It can be difficult to make a difference between erotic photography and pornography - in general erotic photography wants to arouse or stimulate the viewer.

This stimulation is generally not done by explicitly showing people having sex. Instead, the models in the photographs will try to create a sexual impression. For example, female models may try to appear alluring. Male models will try to convey sexual arousal, though not through a full erection. In general, erotic photography only suggests, and has a higher artistic value than pornography.

Cotton County, Oklahoma

Cotton County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,527 people lived there. Its county seat is Walters.

The county has a total area of 642 square miles.

Craig County, Oklahoma

Craig County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 14,107 people lived there. Its county seat is Vinita. 

The county has a total area of 763 square miles. 

Creek County, Oklahoma

Creek County is a county that can be found in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, about 71,754 people lived in Creek County. The county seat of Creek County is Sapulpa.

The county has a total area of 970 square miles.

EasyBCD

EasyBCD is a free program developed by the non-profit NeoSmart Technologies used to configure and tweak the new Windows Vista Bootloader. EasyBCD can be used to set up dual-boots between Windows Vista and previous versions of Windows, along with Linux, BSD, and Mac OS X.

Custer County, Oklahoma

Custer County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It was named in honor of General George Armstrong Custer. As of 2020, 28,513 people lived there. Its county seat is Arapaho.

The county has a total area of 1,002 square miles.

Delaware County, Oklahoma

Delaware County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 40,397 people lived there. Its county seat is Jay.

The county has a total area of 792 square miles.

Loire-Atlantique

Loire-Atlantique is a department in France. It is in the Pays de la Loire region. Its capital is Nantes, which is also the region's capital. The department gets its name from the river which goes through it ("la Loire)", and because it is next to the Atlantic Ocean.

Loire Atlantique is one of the first 83 departments of France created in 1790. It used to be called "Loire-Inférieure". It got its new name in 1957.

The department was part of Brittany until 1941 when the Vichy Governement separated it. Many people still think it is Brittany's capital. Some want it to be part of Brittany again.

Loire-Atlantique is next to 4 departements:

West of it is the Atlantic Ocean.


Interference

In physics, interference is the effect of wave functions. A single wave can interfere with itself, but this is still an addition of two waves (see Young's slits experiment). Two waves always interfere, even if the result of the addition is complicated or not remarkable.

Something that happens when two or more waves are in the same space. Sometimes the peak of one wave joins with the peak of another wave, so the resulting peak is twice as high. Sometimes the peak of one wave falls into the trough of another wave, and the surface is then flat. When waves add their effects, it is called positive interference, or constructive interference. When one wave subtracts from the effects of the other, it is called negative interference, or destructive interference.

If two people pushed on a car in the same direction, they would move the car better than either one alone. That would be positive interference. If two people of equal strength pushed the car from opposite directions, then it would not be moved by either of them. That would be negative interference.

Constructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same space and in phase. When this happens, the waves' amplitudes add together and the total is greater than the amplitude of any of the waves by themselves. This causes the waves to appear more intense.

At time = 0, one wave top is moving from the left and another wave is moving from the right. <br>
At time = 1, the two wave tops meet in the middle.<br>
At time = 2, the two waves have each continued moving forward and reappear again at their original heights.

Destructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same place and out of phase. When this happens, the waves' amplitudes add together and the total is less than the amplitude of any of the waves by themselves. This causes the waves to appear less intense.

At time = 0, a wave top is moving in from the left and a wave trough is moving in from the right.<br>
At time = 1, the two waves have met in the middle. The crest (top) fills in the trough.<br>
At time = 2, the two waves have moved along in their original direct and each reappears.
After a rain, one can often see patterns when a little oil floats on top of puddles. The colors will be in the order: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet. Each of these colors of light has its own wavelength, and different parts of the oil have different thicknesses. Part of the light from the sun bounces off the top surface, in other words it bounces off the oil. Part of the sunlight bounces off the top of the water. The light waves from the oil surface and the light from the water surface meet back in the air, and they interfere. For any thickness of the oil layer, some of the light waves will add and some will subtract, so the result is that one color of light will be strongest there.

When two highly polished sheets of glass are pressed together, sometimes the distance between the two pieces will change from place to place. When that happens, the pattern that shows up is called "Newton's rings." When slide photographs are put between two thin sheets of glass for showing in a slide projector, this kind of pattern is a big problem. The same problem can show up when two microscope slides are put together.

Noise-canceling headphones use destructive interference to cut out noise from the outside.

Here is a diagram of the kind of thing that produces some kinds of light interference. The distance between the top piece of glass and the bottom piece gets larger near the outside edges.

A simpler setup would be to have two flat pieces of glass in contact along one edge and a narrow angle between their two faces. If the separation between the top surface of the first piece of glass and the top surface of the second piece of glass is, at some point, such that light beams reflected from each are synchronized or in phase, then the reflected light will be bright, but if the two beams are half a cycle out of phase, then at that point the two beams will cancel each other and what reflected light there is will not be bright.

Meadow

A meadow is a field vegetated primarily by grass and other non-woody plants. It may be cut for hay or grazed by livestock such as cattle, sheep or goats.




Dewey County, Oklahoma

Dewey County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 4,484 people lived there. Its county seat is Taloga.

The county has a total area of 1,008 square miles.

Ellis County, Oklahoma

Ellis County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 3,749 people lived there. Its county seat is Arnett.

The county has a total area of 1,232 square miles.

Garfield County, Oklahoma

Garfield County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 62,846 people lived there. Its county seat is Enid.

The county has a total area of 1,060 square miles.

Garvin County, Oklahoma

Garvin County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 25,656 people lived there. Its county seat is Pauls Valley.

The county has a total area of 814 square miles.

Grady County, Oklahoma

Grady County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 54,795 people lived there. Its county seat is Chickasha.

The county has a total area of 1,105 square miles.

Battle of Honey Springs

The Battle of Honey Springs was an American Civil War battle and fought on July 17, 1863. It was an important victory for Union forces in their efforts to gain control of the Indian Territory. The battle was also unique in the fact that white soldiers were the minority in both forces.

The Confederate commander in the Indian Territory at this time was Douglas H. Cooper. He wanted to capture Fort Gibson, the main Union fort in the territory. If the Confederates captured the fort, they could control the territory. Cooper had to wait along the Elk Creek, near Honey Springs. Cooper had several regiments from Texas in his army. There were several Indian regiments with the Confederates. Cooper needed reinforcements from Arkansas before he attacked the fort.

The Union commander in the terriroty was James G. Blunt. He found out about the Confederates's plans. He decided to attack first. His army had regiments from Kansas, Wisconsin, and Colorado. There were also regiments of Indians in the Union army.

The battle started near dawn on July 17. The two armies started fighting north of Elk Creek. The Confederates slowly retreated back to the creek. The Union and Confederate soldiers fought along the creek for several hours. The Confederates started retreating when the center of their line was attacked by the 1st Kansas Colored Infantry.

Cooper had to burn many of his supplies at Honey Springs to prevent Blunt from capturing them. The Confederates lost 627 casualties. The Union army lost 75 casualties.


Bureau of Indian Affairs

The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) was formed in 1824 to deal with Native Americans inside the United States. The BIA manages land and natural resources for Native Americans. It is responsible for the U.S. government's relationship with Native American tribes. Sometimes, it helps with infrastructure and law enforcement.

In the past, the BIA operated schools on Indian reservations. Now, the Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) provides money for schools. Some of the schools are operated by the BIE and others are operated by the tribes themselves.

As Cruel as School Children

As Cruel as School Children is the 3rd studio album by rap group Gym Class Heroes. It was released in July of 2006. The album contains some songs from their previous album "The Papercut Chronicles". 




Cattle drives in the United States

A cattle drive is the process of moving a herd of cattle from one place to another, usually moved and herded by cowboys on horses. The drives usually took a long time, perhaps six months or more. The drives went up from Texas to Kansas.

Oklahoma Senate

The Oklahoma Senate is the upper house of the two houses of the Legislature of Oklahoma, the lower house being the Oklahoma House of Representatives. The total number of Senators is set at 48 by the Oklahoma Constitution.

Oklahoma House of Representatives

The Oklahoma House of Representatives is the lower house and larger body of the two houses of the Oklahoma Legislature, the other being the Oklahoma Senate.


Grant County, Oklahoma

Grant County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 4,169 people lived there. Its county seat is Medford.

The county has a total area of 1,004 square miles.

Greer County, Oklahoma

Greer County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,491 people lived there. Its county seat is Mangum. The county is named after John A. Greer, a former governor of Texas.

The county was founded in 1896, when Oklahoma was still the Indian Territory. From 1896 to 1903, the county prohibited African Americans from living in it. In 1907, land was take away from the county to form the counties of Jackson County and Beckham County. In 1909, land was once again taken away to from Harmon County. The population peak was in 1930.

The county has a total area of 644 square miles. It has 1 city, 2 towns, and 2 unincorporated communities.




Harmon County, Oklahoma

Harmon County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 2,488 people lived there. The county seat is Hollis. It was named after Judson Harmon, the governor of of Ohio at the time.
It was created on June 2, 1909, from land that was previously owned by Greer County. After an election on September 1, the county seat became Hollis.

The county has a total area of 539 square miles.

Harper County, Oklahoma

Harper County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 3,272 people lived there. Its county seat is Buffalo.

The county has a total area of 1,041 square miles.

Haskell County, Oklahoma

Haskell County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 11,561 people lived there. Its county seat is Stigler.

The county has a total area of 625 square miles.

Hughes County, Oklahoma

Hughes County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 13,367 people lived there. Its county seat is Holdenville.

The county has a total area of 815 square miles.

Jackson County, Oklahoma

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 24,785 people lived there. Its county seat is Altus.

The county has a total area of 804 square miles.

Jefferson County, Oklahoma

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,337 people lived there. Its county seat is Waurika.

The county has a total area of 774 square miles.

Johnston County, Oklahoma

Johnston County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,272 people lived there. Its county seat is Tishomingo.

The county has a total area of 658 square miles.

Kay County, Oklahoma

Kay County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 43,700 people lived there. Its county seat is Newkirk.

The county has a total area of 945 square miles.

Kingfisher County, Oklahoma

Kingfisher County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 15,184 people lived there. Its county seat is Kingfisher.

The county has a total area of 906 square miles.

Kiowa County, Oklahoma

Kiowa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 8,509 people lived there. Its county seat is Hobart.

The county has a total area of 1,031 square miles.

Latimer County, Oklahoma

Latimer County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 9,444 people lived there. Its county seat is Wilburton.

The county has a total area of 729 square miles.

Le Flore County, Oklahoma

Le Flore County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 48,129 people lived there. Its county seat is Poteau.

The county has a total area of 1,608 square miles.

Lincoln County, Oklahoma

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. 33,458 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Chandler.

The county has a total area of 966 square miles.

Logan County, Oklahoma

Logan County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 49,555 people lived there. Its county seat is Guthrie.

The county has a total area of 749 square miles.

Love County, Oklahoma

Love County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,146 people lived there. Its county seat is Marietta.

The county has a total area of 532 square miles.

Major County, Oklahoma

Major County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 7,782 people lived there. Its county seat is Fairview.

The county has a total area of 958 square miles.

Flobots

Flobots are an alternative rock/alternative hip hop band from Denver, Colorado. They are famous for their hit single "Handlebars". They have released three albums.

GDebi

GDebi is a computer program that runs on Linux and can install .deb packages. It is available with a graphical interface, but also has a command line option.

GDebi can install local .deb packages with automatic dependency resolution (it automatically downloads and installs the required packages with apt).

Marshall County, Oklahoma

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 15,312 people lived there. Its county seat is Madill.

The county has a total area of 427 square miles.

McClain County, Oklahoma

McClain County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 41,662 people lived there. Its county seat is Purcell.

The county has a total area of 580 square miles.

McCurtain County, Oklahoma

McCurtain County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 30,814 people lived there. Its county seat is Idabel.

McIntosh County, Oklahoma

McIntosh County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 18,941 people lived there. Its county seat is Eufaula.

Murray County, Oklahoma

Murray County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 13,904 people lived there. Its county seat is Sulphur.

Noble County, Oklahoma

Noble County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,924 people lived there. Its county seat is Perry.

Nowata County, Oklahoma

Nowata County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 9,320 people lived there. Its county seat is Nowata.

Okfuskee County, Oklahoma

Okfuskee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 11,310 people lived there. Its county seat is Okemah.

Oklahoma County, Oklahoma

Oklahoma County is a county in the central part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 796,292 people lived there. Its county seat is Oklahoma City.

The county has a total area of 718 square miles.

Okmulgee County, Oklahoma

Okmulgee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 36,706 people lived there. Its county seat is Okmulgee.

Osage County, Oklahoma

Osage County is the largest county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 45,818 people lived there. Its county seat is Pawhuska. The county covers the same area as the Osage Nation reservation.

The county has a total area of 2,304 square miles.




Ottawa County, Oklahoma

Ottawa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 30,285 people lived there. Its county seat is Miami.

Pawnee County, Oklahoma

Pawnee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 15,553 people lived there. Its county seat is Pawnee.

The county has a total area of 595 square miles.

Payne County, Oklahoma

Payne County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 81,646 people lived there. Its county seat is Stillwater.

The county has a total area of 697 square miles.

Pittsburg County, Oklahoma

Pittsburg County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 43,773 people lived there. Its county seat is McAlester.

The county has a total area of 906 square miles. 

Pontotoc County, Oklahoma

Pontotoc County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 38,065 people lived there. Its county seat is Ada.

Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma

Pottawatomie County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. 72,454 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Shawnee. 

Pushmataha County, Oklahoma

Pushmataha County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,812 people lived there. Its county seat is Antlers.

Roger Mills County, Oklahoma

Roger Mills County is a county found in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, the population is 3,442. The county seat of Roger Mills County is Cheyenne.

Seminole County, Oklahoma

Seminole County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. 23,556 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Wewoka.

Sequoyah County, Oklahoma

Sequoyah County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 39,281 people lived there. Its county seat is Sallisaw.

Stephens County, Oklahoma

Stephens County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 42,848 people lived there. Its county seat is Duncan.

Texas County, Oklahoma

Texas County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 21,384 people lived there. Its county seat is Guymon. It is named after the state it borders to the south, Texas.

The county has a total area of 2,049 square miles.



Tillman County, Oklahoma

Tillman County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, the population is 6,968. The county seat is Frederick.

Washington County, Oklahoma

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is, in area, the third smallest county in Oklahoma. As of 2020, 52,455 people lived there. Its county seat is Bartlesville.

Washita County, Oklahoma

Washita County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,924 people lived there. Its county seat is New Cordell. It was formerly in Cloud Chief, Oklahoma.

The county has a total area of 1,009 square miles.

Woods County, Oklahoma

Woods County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 8,624 people lived there. Its county seat is Alva.

The county has a total area of 1,290 square miles.

Woodward County, Oklahoma

Woodward County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 20,470 people lived there. Its county seat is Woodward.

The county has a total area of 1,246 square miles.

Football League Third Division

The Football League Third Division was the 3rd division in English football. Its first season was the 1920–21. It would be brought back for the 1958-59 season. It was the 3rd division until the 1991-92 season. It became the 4th division in 1992, after the FA Premier League was created. It was replaced by the Football League Two in 2004.




Johnny Haynes

Johnny Haynes (17 October 1934 – 18 October 2005) is a former English football player. He was captain of Fulham, played for England national team and captained it. He was a forward, playing on the left wing as an outside left or inside left. Today he would be called an attacking midfield player. His job was to provide balls to the strikers. He played three times for England in the FIFA World Cup.

He has a statue outside of Craven Cottage.

Durban City

Individual

Johan Cruyff

Johan Cruyff (25 April 1947 – 24 March 2016) was a Dutch football player and manager. He played for Netherlands national team.

Cruyff died of lung cancer. His son is football manager Jordi Cruyff. He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

Ajax

Barcelona

Feyenoord

Netherlands



Player


Manager





Om Shanti Om

Om Shanti Om (transl. Peace Be With You) is a 2007 Bollywood movie directed and choreographed by Farah Khan. It stars Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone in the lead roles while Shreyas Talpade, Arjun Rampal, and Kirron Kher feature in supporting roles. Arjun Rampal is the antagonist in the movie. This is the Bollywood debut of Deepika Padukone. This movie was released on November 9, 2007, and was a blockbuster. More than forty-two well-known Bollywood stars appear in the course of the movie, thirty-one of them (not including the stars of the movie) in one song alone. The song "Deewangi Deewangi" is also notable for that reason.

Om Prakash Makhija is a poor young boy who is a junior film artist in Bollywood and lives with his widowed mother Bela Makhija and close friend Pappu Master in a small chawl in Mumbai. He is in love with Shantipriya, a beautiful young woman who is a popular film actress in Bollywood. Om often expresses his feelings before Shanti's film poster and desires to meet her.

One night, he sneaks into the premiere of one of her films "Dreamy Girl" along with Pappu in disguise. Later that night, a drunk Om gives an emotional speech to Pappu as he dreams of becoming a great actor. Om and Pappu take small acting roles in films which are filmed at R.C. Studios, a major filming compound owned by Mukesh Mehra, a charming but egotistical person who is a wealthy and famous film producer.

While shooting one day, Shanti gets trapped in a fire that grows out of control during filming. Risking his life, Om jumps into the fire and rescues her. Shanti is grateful towards him, and the two become friends. Om lies to Shanti that he is a famous South-Indian actor to impress her. He even puts an act of the filming of his South-Indian film, but ultimately tells Shanti the truth of him being a small-time junior actor upon seeing her genuine fondness for him.

Shanti forgives Om and they spend a happy evening with each other, and she gifts him a snow globe. However, things take a turn when Om accidentally ends up overhearing a heated conversation between Shanti and Mukesh. He is shocked to discover that they have been married for two years but have not revealed it in public as that will ruin both of their careers. Shanti reveals to Mukesh that she is also pregnant with his child, leaving Om heartbroken. He avoids Shanti entirely.

The next night, Mukesh takes Shanti to the set of her upcoming film titled Om Shanti Om and tells her that they will cancel its production and have a grand marriage ceremony over there. Om reaches there to meet Shanti for the last time and return her snow globe but is dejected upon seeing her with Mukesh. He leaves from there and throws the snow globe in a fountain pond nearby. 

Meanwhile, Mukesh tells Shanti that his marriage with Shanti and the unborn child will destroy his successful career. In order to prevent that, he lights up the set with fire and locks a horrified Shanti in it, in order to kill her and the unborn child. As he exits the set, Om spots Shanti in the flames and attempts to go and rescue her but is attacked by Mukesh's guards, leaving him severely injured. After they leave, he manages to enter the set but is thrown out of the building by a big explosion. Om staggers on the road as the set burns down with Shanti in it.

Om is left devastated upon witnessing this and suddenly gets hit by the car of renowned actor Rajesh Kapoor. He takes him to a hospital with his pregnant wife Lovely Kapoor who is in labor. The serious injuries of Om result in his death while still reminiscing about Shanti. Rajesh's assistant Nasser asks his surgeon to keep this a secret from Bela and Pappu. Moments later, Rajesh and Lovely are blessed with a baby boy, and they name him Om Kapoor.

30 years later, Om Kapoor is shown as a rich young man who is a superstar in Bollywood. He is the rebirth of Om Prakash Makhija. He experiences Pyrophobia and often comes across Bela who believes him to be her son and tries to take him to her house. An aged Pappu tries to make her understand that he is someone else but she pays no heed to him. Om also ignores her and leaves thinking that she has gone crazy. 

He and his assistant Anwar Sheikh subsequently drive to the abandoned R.C. Studios for the filming of one of Om's films. Om recognizes the place and experiences some flashbacks of his previous life. He even finds Shanti's broken snow globe and is confused. That night, Om remembers the emotional speech he had given to Pappu in a drunken state when he wins the Filmfare Award for Best Actor. As he gives the same speech to the audience, Pappu watches his award function on TV and realizes that his friend is reborn as Om Kapoor. Meanwhile, a grand party is thrown for Om's success. Om remembers his whole previous life upon being visited by Mukesh, who now works in Hollywood and wishes to make a film with him.

Later that night, he traces Bela and Pappu and has an emotional reunion with them. The three plan to avenge Shanti's death by making Mukesh confess his crime.

The next day, Om manages to convince Mukesh to resume the filming of "Om Shanti Om" at the same ruined R.C. Studios. He auditions several actresses to find Shanti's look-alike but in vain. However, Om ends up coming across Sandhya aka Sandy, a ditzy but lovely girl who is an exact doppelganger of Shanti. He hires her without revealing his plan and ends up firing her as she is unable to act properly. On Pappu's advice, Om reveals his plan to Sandy who promises him that she will help him with his plan. 

At the inaugural ceremony of the "Om Shanti Om" set, Bela scares Mukesh in the disguise of an old witch, and Om and Pappu try to light Shanti's photograph on fire to remind him of his crime. Although the setup doesn't work, the photograph is supernaturally lit by fire which disturbs Mukesh and confuses Om and Pappu. Mukesh is more horrified when Sandy appears in front of him dressed as Shanti in a make-up room. Eventually, he decides to leave for America after seeing Shanti in the footage of "Om Shanti Om" but Om asks him to wait for some days. He eventually performs the story of Shanti's life through a song in front of Mukesh during the music launch of "Om Shanti Om". However, Mukesh discovers Sandy's real identity as her body bleeds due to an injury. Mukesh attempts to chase her but is knocked unconscious by a falling chandelier. 

After he regains consciousness, Om confronts him over his crime. Mukesh taunts him that he or his "duplicate Shanti" cannot convict him for the murder as there is no proof for it. Just then, Sandy reaches the scene. She reveals that after the fire in the set died down, Mukesh returned to the place. Shanti was still alive then, but he buried her alive under the chandelier. She concludes that Shanti's corpse will be found under the chandelier, which will be proof of her murder for the court. Mukesh denies her revelation and attempts to shoot her but Om attacks him and a fire breaks out on the set. He shoots him in his leg and is about to murder him but Sandy stops him, saying that Mukesh is destined to die but not in his hands. She looks at the chandelier which falls and strikes Mukesh dead. 

The next moment, Om is shocked when Pappu and Anwar reach the scene along with "Sandy". As he glances back at the one in front of him, he realizes that the one who had revealed the proof of Shanti's murder and killed Mukesh was the real Shanti,- the ghost of Shanti. She was responsible for lighting the photograph with fire and knocking Mukesh unconscious too, helping him in his plan. Om reunites with Sandy and waves at Shanti who tearfully smiles at him and disappears, having finally attained peace.

The film ends with all its cast and crew approaching the set of "Om Shanti Om" and the credits roll.




The film grossed more than 1 billion in India and $287 million in overseas and become All-time blockbuster movie in 2007 for one year. As of 2017, this film is 36th in the list of highest-grossing films.


Javier Saviola

Javier Saviola (born 11 December 1981) is a former Argentine football player who played in Argentina, Spain, France, Portugal, Greece, and Italy during his career.

He made 39 appearances for the Argentina national football team, scoring 11 goals.

Chemoautotroph

A chemoautotroph is an organism that uses inorganic energy sources for food. Then it puts together its own organic compounds using Adenosine triphosphate. Chemoautotrophs are mostly bacteria or archaea that live in hostile environments such as deep sea vents. They are the primary producers in such ecosystems.


Wayne's World

Wayne's World is a 1992 American comedy movie from Paramount Pictures, starring Mike Myers and Dana Carvey. It is based on a segment of the same name from television's "Saturday Night Live". It made more money than any other movie based on a SNL segment.

Kenny Dalglish

Sir Kenneth Mathieson "Kenny" Dalglish (born 4 March 1951) is a former Scottish football player and manager. He has played for Scotland national team.

204||112||30||11||60||35||28||9||322||167
355||118||36||13||59||27||51||11||501||169
559||230||66||24||119||62||79||20||823||336

!Total||102||30

Luis Oliveira

Luís Airton Barroso "Lulù" de Oliveira (born 24 March 1969) is a football manager and former player. He has played for Belgium national team.

Anderlecht

Fiorentina

Como

Individual

Lachlan River

The Lachlan River is an important river in central New South Wales, Australia.

The river starts in the central mountains of New South Wales, near Gunning. Other rivers that join the Lachlan River are the Boorowa River, the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River. They join the Lachlan near the town of Cowra. 

Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to control the amount of water in the river. The Lachlan does not get its water from melting snow like the Murrumbidgee River or the Murray River. It does not have a regular amount of water flowing down it. In 1944 the flow was less than 1,000 megalitres (810 acre-feet). Six years later (1950) there was a flow of 10,900,000 megalitres (8.8 million acre feet). In dry years, for example April 1944 to April 1945, the Lachlan may have no water flowing in it at all. The Lachlan has flooded every 7 years since 1887 at Forbes.

The Lachlan River flows west and then south, finishes in the Great Cumbung swamp. This swamp is near Oxley between Hay and Balranald. Water from this big (500 km²) swamp finally goes into the Murrumbidgee River. Water from the Lachlan is used for farming.

The Lachlan river is in the area where the aboriginal people called the Wiradjuri lived. The Wiradjuri land has been called "the land of the three rivers, the Wambool (Macquarie), the Kalare (Lachlan) and the Murrumbidjeri (Murrumbidgee) . The Murray River was the south side of Wiradjuri land. The change from forest to open grassland was the east side."

The first European to find the Lachlan River in 1815 was Acting-Surveyor George William Evans. He named the river after Lachlan Macquarie, the Governor of New South Wales. The Lachlan River was explored by John Oxley in 1817.

In the early days of New South Wales, the south part of the Lachlan was known as "Fish River". With more exploration it was realized that two rivers were the same river and the name Fish River was dropped.

In 1870 the river flooded. The top of the flood water was measured at 15.9 metres at Cowra. Since 1887, the highest flood level at Forbes was in June 1952. The river got to 10.8m (35 feet 3 inches) at the Forbes Iron Bridge. More than 900 families had to move away. Many were saved from roof-tops by boat and helicopter. During the flood in August 1990, 132 houses in Forbes were flooded. The water covered their floors. Floods in 1992 were smaller than 1990, but Lachlan Valley farmers lost about 30 percent of their lucerne crops just before harvest. At least 500 sheep were drowned on farms in the Eugowra/Trundle area. Most of Eugowra's 400 residents were moved for safety. Other big floods were in: 1891, 1916, 1951, 1956, 1961, 1974, 1976, 1993, 1998.

Now indigenous and white people live on the Lachlan river.

More than 100,000 people live in the Lachlan area. 14% of NSW farm goods come from the area which is about 10% of NSW. 24 local governments look after the Lachlan area.

Major rivers that flow into the Lachlan


Towns along the Lachlan



Roberto Baggio

Roberto Baggio (; born 18 February 1967) is an Italian former footballer. He played for Italy national team.

Baggio is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time. He is known for being technically gifted, a creative playmaker, and for his accurate free kicks and dribbling skills. 

In 1993, he was named FIFA World Player of the Year and won the Ballon d'Or. In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 world's greatest living players.

Roberto Baggio was born in Caldogno, Veneto. He is the son of Matilda and Fiorindo Baggio, the sixth of eight siblings. His younger brother, Eddy Baggio, was also a professional footballer who played in Serie B.

Walter Winterbottom

Sir Walter Winterbottom (31 March 1913 – 16 February 2002) was an English footballer and manager. He was the first manager of the England national team. He played for Manchester United for 2 years.

Winterbottom died after an operation to remove cancer.

Boxing Day

Boxing Day is a public holiday in the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand and Australia. It is also a holiday in many other countries in the Commonwealth of Nations. It is based on a long custom of giving gifts to poor people. It is usually celebrated on 26 December, the day after Christmas Day; In some countries the public holiday is moved to the next weekday if 26 December is a Saturday or Sunday.

In some countries, stores have sales on Boxing Day, similar to Black Friday sales in the United States. In the United Kingdom, many association football and rugby league games are played on Boxing Day. The King George VI Chase horse race in Surrey is also ran on this day. The IIHF World U20 Championship usually starts on this day.
Boxing Day is an old custom going back to the Middle Ages. The main feature is the giving of gifts to workers or to poor people. The name has many different histories. The term might have started in England. There, servants would get money or gifts on the day after Christmas. These gifts were called "Christmas boxes".

Dennis Bergkamp

Dennis Nicolaas Maria Bergkamp (; born 10 May 1969) is a Dutch professional football coach and former player who was most recently the Assistant manager of Ajax.

Bergkamp was named in FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers made by Brazilian retired footballer Pelé.

Includes cup competitions: the KNVB Cup, Coppa Italia, Football League Cup and FA Cup. Super Cups such as the FA Community Shield are not included.

Ajax

Inter Milan

Arsenal

Individual


Fabien Barthez

Fabien Alain Barthez (born 28 June 1971) is a French racing driver and former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Marseille

AS Monaco

Manchester United

France

Individual

Orders

Records


Civil Disobedience (Thoreau)

Civil Disobedience ("Resistance to Civil Government") is a text by Henry David Thoreau. It was first printed in 1849. It says that people should not allow a government to order them to do wrong things.

In 1848, Thoreau lectured at the Concord Lyceum (a place for people to meet and learn in the town of Concord, Massachusetts). The words of the lecture were later printed with the name "Resistance to Civil Government" in 1849. Now many people call it ""Civil Disobedience"" which means: "not doing what the government orders you to do."

In the early 1840s Thoreau stopped paying his "poll tax" (a tax that is the same amount for everybody). He was angry that the government used tax money to make people slaves and to war with Mexico. Thoreau did not want to help them do these things. In 1846 the tax agent put Thoreau in prison for one night. Thoreau wrote "Civil Disobedience" to say why he would not pay.

Thoreau says governments are more bad than good, and society without government would be more good. Letting people vote does not make government good, because people may vote for bad things. One person with their conscience (their feeling of right and wrong) may make decisions that are more good than decisions made by governments or by most of the people who vote.

Thoreau says the United States government, because it makes people slaves, cannot be his government. People should end such a government. To end a government is difficult, but because the government is so bad, we must end it anyway.

Most of the people Thoreau was talking to also did not like slavery or the war with Mexico. But Thoreau said they must do more than to dislike these things, or to vote against these things, or to hope these things will end. They must also stop supporting these things by paying taxes. If the government puts you in prison because you do not pay taxes, then it is good to be in prison because, if the government is bad, prison is the right place for good people. If the government attempted to put all good people in prison, the government would end first, and this would be a revolution of peace.

It is easier to be brave if you have less that the government can take from you. So Thoreau suggests that people own less, and that they value what is good and not value property only.

Indian leader Mohandas Gandhi (or Mahatma Gandhi) liked what Thoreau wrote. In 1907, when Gandhi was starting his first "satyagraha" fight in South Africa, he printed a short outline of "Civil Disobedience" that he wrote in an Indian language. He said that "Civil Disobedience" was the largest cause for the end of slavery in America, and that Indians in South Africa should learn from that example.

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. also liked what Thoreau wrote. In his autobiography, he wrote that Thoreau taught him that it is as important "not" to help bad people as it is to help good people. He said that Thoreau's lessons "came alive" in the civil rights movement.

Osvaldo Ardiles

Osvaldo Ardiles (born 3 August 1952) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

Huracán

Tottenham Hotspur

Argentina

Individual

Swindon Town

West Bromwich Albion

Shimizu S-Pulse

Yokohama F. Marinos

Tokyo Verdy

Individual

Lambing Flat

Lambing Flat was the name of a gold field in New South Wales, Australia. People were digging for gold at Lambing Flat in the 1860s. It was part of the Burrangong goldfields which also included Spring Creek, Stoney Creek, Back Creek, Wombat, Blackguard Gully, and Tipperary Gully. Burrangong is now the town of Young, New South Wales. Frank Gardiner, a bushranger, had a butcher shop at Lambing Flat. Ben Hall, who also became a bushranger, sold cattle to Gardiner for his shop.

Lambing Flat is most famous for an anti Chinese riot. This was just one of a number of riots on the Burrangong goldfields between November 1860 and September 1861. Several place names are sometimes used when talking about these events. Lambing Flat, the name which is name used most often, was a grass area where sheep were kept. It was where one of the more violent riots took place.

There were many things that made the European miners dislike the Chinese miners on the gold fields in the 1850s. Most of the trouble was the way Chinese miners looked for gold. The gold was alluvial gold, small pieces of gold mixed in with soil and clay close to the surface. It was found in very old river beds called "leads" which had been buried for thousands of years. Getting the gold did not need much skill, but it was hard work. European miners worked alone or in small groups. They often left one area of ground to dig in another where others had said there was more gold. Many gold miners did not make enough money to buy food and clothing. Only a few miners became rich.

The government began to tax the miners by making them pay for "Miner's Licence". They had to pay to be allowed to dig rather than pay for the gold they had found. The miners did not like this tax. There were several angry and violent protests in Victoria and New South Wales. The most famous was at the Eureka Stockade in Ballarat, Victoria where over 30 miners were killed.

The Chinese usually worked in large groups of 30 - 100 men. They were able to share the small amounts of gold they found. They looked for gold on land that other miners had searched before. The European miners thought that the land was still their land. The Chinese miners lived and worked together. Most of them had been farmers in China. They were used to long hours of hard work. They were used to basic food and houses. It has been said that they "rarely paid for the mining leases". They were happy to find a lot of small pieces of gold, instead of looking for one big piece that would make them rich.

The first public display of anti-Chinese feelings took place in Bendigo in July 1854. Some these displays were attempts to keep the Chinese from working on the goldfields. There were fights between European and Chinese miners at Daylesford and Castlemaine. A group of Chinese on their way to the Victorian goldfields found gold at Ararat. They were forced off the new goldfield by European miners. The same things were also taking place in New South Wales. European miners forced the Chinese off the diggings at Rocky River in New England in 1856. Serious fights took place Adelong in 1857 and Tambaroora in 1858. There was a big riot at the Buckland River goldfield near Beechworth in July 1857.

There were not many Chinese miners in New South Wales. Victoria had cut the number of Chinese arriving by making them pay a tax of £10 to enter Victoria. The Chinese were now starting to arrive in NSW instead. The government tried to stop the Chinese coming in 1858, but the parliament would not pass the new laws. In 1860 the Chinese and British governments signed the Convention of Peking. This meant that Chinese and British people would have the same rights in each country. Australia was a British colony, so could New South Wales keep out people from China? A new law, the Chinese Immigration Regulation Bill, was being talked about in Parliament when the first gold miners were getting to Burrangong.

Trouble began in 1860 with the starting of the Miners Protective League. The European miners held big meetings, called roll ups, to force the Chinese to leave the goldfields. They would put up signs telling the Chinese to leave. At first there was not a lot of trouble. Most of the Chinese moved to another part of the goldfield, with some going back soon after. This happened a few times over the next eight months. As long as the Chinese stayed in certain places on the goldfield at Burrangong, the European miners would put up with them.

The most well known riot took place on the night of 30 June, 1861. A group of about 3,000 miners marched to Lambing Flat led by a brass band and two men carrying the roll up banner. They forced the Chinese to leave Lambing Flat. Tents were set on fire and items belonging to the Chinese were smashed or stolen. They then went to the Back Creek diggings and set fire to more tents. Many of the Chinese were cruelly beaten, but no one was killed. About 1,200 Chinese left the area and set up camp near Roberts' farm at Currowang, 20km away. Two things started the riot. In Sydney the parliament did not pass the anti-Chinese laws. Also an untrue story went around the goldfields. The story said that a new group of 1,500 Chinese were on the road to Burrangong. The police got to Burrangong in the next few days. They arrested three of the leaders of the riot. The miners were angry and on the night of July 14, 1,000 miners attacked the police camp. The police fired their guns and rode their horses into the miners. One miner was killed and many were hurt.

The police were forced to leave. A group of 280 soldiers, sailors and extra police came from Sydney and stayed on the goldfields for a year. The Chinese came back and lived in a separate part of the diggings. The leaders of the riots were arrested and two were sent to gaol. At the end of the year, Burrangong was quiet and the Chinese were still there.


Lens

Lens can mean different things:



Lentil

The lentil or daal or pulse ("Lens culinaris") is a bushy annual plant of the legume family. It is a kind of vegetable, grown for its lens-shaped seeds. It is about 15 inches tall and the seeds grow in pods, usually with two seeds in each.

The plant came from the Middle East and was one of the first crops domesticated in the world. Humans started eating lentils before they invented ceramics.

With 26% protein, lentils have the highest level of protein of any plant after soybeans and hemp. Because of this and their high iron content, lentils are a very important part of the diet in many parts of the world, especially in India, which has many vegetarians.

There are different kinds of lentils, including a variety of large and small lentils. Lentils come in colors that range from yellow to red-orange to green, brown and black.

Lentils are sold in many forms, with or without the skins, whole or split. Red, white and yellow lentils are decorticated, i.e., they have their skins removed.

One variety of yellow "lentils", Chana, is in fact not a lentil, but is made from the kernels of chickpeas. Split Pigeon peas (either green or yellow) - that are actually considered pulses, which include peas and beans - are also sometimes referred to and sold as lentils. The urid bean is also called a "black lentil".


The seeds need very little cooking. This time is especially short for lentils with their husk removed, such as the common red lentil. Lentils have a distinctive earthy flavor. They are used to prepare an inexpensive and nutritious soup all over Europe and North and South America. Sometimes they are combined with some form of chicken or pork. They are frequently combined with rice, which has a similar cooking time. In the Middle East such a dish of lentils and rice is called "mujaddara" or "mejadra". Rice and lentils are also cooked together in khichdi, a popular Indian dish. Lentils are used throughout India, the Mediterranean regions and the Middle East. In rare cases the lentils are mixed with dairy cheese.

Many people in India are vegetarian and lentils have long been part of their diet as a common source of protein. Usually, lentils are boiled to a stew-like consistency with vegetables and then seasoned with a mixture of spices to make many side dishes such as sambar, rasam and dal, which are usually served over rice and roti.

When lentils are prepared, they are first inspected for damaged lentils, stones and other foreign matter. Then they are rinsed until the water runs through and comes out clear. Some prefer to soak the lentils for a longer time and discard the water. This removes substances that may cause indigestion. The lentils are then boiled in water or broth. They may be cooked on the stovetop, or in a slow cooker. Pressure cookers are not recommended, since the small lentils may clog the pressure relief valve, and their quick cooking time means there is little benefit from pressure cooking. Cooked lentils often require thinning: adding more hot water or broth to the cooked legumes until the desired final consistency is reached.

Lentils can be sprouted as can some beans and some other edible seeds (seeds people can eat). Seeds being sprouted are watered and rinsed repeatedly till they start to germinate (grow small roots and shoots). Sprouted lentils can be eaten raw on their own or in salads, they can also be cooked.

Apart from a high level of proteins, lentils also contain dietary fiber, vitamin B1, and minerals. Red (or pink) lentils contain a lower concentration of fiber than green lentils (11% rather than 31%). "Health" magazine has selected lentils as one of the five healthiest foods. Lentils are often mixed with grains, such as rice, which results in a complete protein dish.

In addition to providing slow-burning complex carbohydrates, lentils are one of the best vegetable sources of iron. This makes them an important part of a vegetarian diet, and useful for preventing iron deficiency. Iron is particularly important for adolescents, and menstruating or pregnant women.

Lentils are relatively tolerant to drought and are grown throughout the world. About half of the worldwide production of lentils is from India, most of which is consumed locally Canada is the largest export producer of lentils in the world and Saskatchewan is the most important producing region in Canada. The Palouse Region of Eastern Washington and the Idaho Panhandle, with its commercial center at Moscow, Idaho, is the most important producing region in the United States. The Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that world production of lentils was 3.2 million metric tons (MT) in 2003. Canada produced 520,000 MT and, according to the market analysis company STAT Communications, will likely export 400,000 MT during the 2003-04 marketing year, which runs from August to July. The FAO estimates world trade in lentils totalled 1.2 million MT in 2002, with Canada exporting 382,000 MT during the calendar year.

Lentils are mentioned many times in the Old Testament. In Jewish tradition they are considered as food for mourners, together with boiled eggs. The reason is that their round shape symbolizes the life cycle from birth to death.




La Gravelle

La Gravelle is a commune of 548 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Grazay

Grazay is a commune of 494 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Grez-en-Bouère

Grez-en-Bouère is a commune of 981 people (2004). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Philadelphia Soul

The Philadelphia Soul was an American football team in the Arena Football League. The team had played in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They are not to be confused with the Philadelphia Eagles. They were owned by Jon Bon Jovi and Ron Jaworski, a former player for the Philadelphia Eagles. They won the Arena Bowl in 2008. By 2019, however, all the teams ceased team operations and later the league folded due to bankruptcy.

La Haie-Traversaine

La Haie-Traversaine is a commune of 420 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Ham, Mayenne

Le Ham is a commune of 422 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Hambers

Hambers is a commune of 548 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Hardanges

Hardanges is a commune of 245 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Hercé

Hercé is a commune of 335 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Lehigh Valley IronPigs

The Lehigh Valley IronPigs are a Minor League Baseball team from Allentown, Pennsylvania. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The IronPigs are partnered with the Philadelphia Phillies, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Phillies.

The team is named "IronPigs" because the Lehigh Valley, the region where the team plays, is famous for making steel, which is made with pig iron.

The IronPigs play at a stadium called Coca-Cola Park, which opened in 2008. It has seats for over 8,000 people, with enough room for over 10,000 people. It cost more than US$50 million to build.


Le Horps

Le Horps is a commune of 734 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The current mayor is Gérard Dujarrier.

Houssay, Mayenne

Houssay is a commune of 363 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Housseau-Brétignolles

Le Housseau-Brétignolles is a commune of 212 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

L'Huisserie

L'Huisserie is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. The Jouanne river is in L'Huisserie.

The D1 and D910 roads pass through L'Huisserie.

Izé

Izé is a commune of 477 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Javron-les-Chapelles

Javron-les-Chapelles is a commune of 1,473 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Jack Bauer

Jack Bauer is the main character in the television series "24". He works at the Counter Terrorist Unit as a field agent. 


Jublains

Jublains is a commune of 699 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. It is an old Roman town called Noviodunum. It includes:

Juvigné

Juvigné is a commune of 1,340 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Laigné

Laigné is a former commune of 674 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Prée-d'Anjou.

Christine Schürrer

Christine Schürrer, (born 30 June 1976 in Hannover) is a German criminal. On March 17, 2008, she murdered two Swedish children and seriously injured their mother after attacking them in their Arboga, Sweden home. The reason for the murders has been identified as jealousy as Christine had dated the children's stepfather on a holiday in 2006. 

On August 26, 2008, Christine was found guilty of the murders and the assault on the mother.

Kampen, Netherlands

Kampen is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 54,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies both in Salland, Kop van Overijssel and IJsselvallei regions.

It is home of football team DOS Kampen.

The city of Kampen lies on the western side of the IJssel river. On the other side lies IJsselmuiden, which is the second largest settlement in the municipality of Kampen.

Kampen received city rights in 1236. It joined the Hanseatic League around 1440 and used to be an important port. Kampen has one of the old town centres in best condition of the Netherlands.


The sister cities of Kampen are:




Landivy

Landivy is a commune of 1,286 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Larchamp, Mayenne

Larchamp is a commune of 1,017 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Spiro Mounds

Spiro Mounds is an archaeological site run by the Oklahoma Historical Society and open to the public. It is in Eastern Oklahoma, near the modern town of Spiro. It is one of the most important pre-Columbian sites in the United States. 


Lassay-les-Châteaux

Lassay-les-Châteaux is a commune of 2,532 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. There is also a 15th-century castle that you can visit.

Laubrières

Laubrières is a commune of 248 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Launay-Villiers

Launay-Villiers is a commune of 350 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Lesbois

Lesbois is a commune of 203 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Levaré

Levaré is a commune of 358 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Lignières-Orgères

Lignières-Orgères is a commune of 735 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Livet

Livet is a commune of 111 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Livré-la-Touche

Livré-la-Touche is a commune of 787 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Loigné-sur-Mayenne

Loigné-sur-Mayenne is a former commune of 704 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of La Roche-Neuville.

Loiron

Loiron is a former commune of 1,273 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loiron-Ruillé.

Longuefuye

Longuefuye is a former commune of 274 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Gennes-Longuefuye.

1968–69 NHL season

The 1968–69 NHL season was the 52nd season of the National Hockey League. Twelve teams each played 76 games (two more than in 1967–68). For the second time in a row, the Montreal Canadiens faced the St. Louis Blues in the Stanley Cup finals. Montreal won for their second Stanley Cup in a row as they swept the Blues in four, which was exactly the same result of the previous season.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

Loire River

The Loire River is the longest river in France. It is 1,006 km long. It originates in the Massif Central. Its mouth is near Nantes by the Atlantic Ocean. The Loire gives its name to 6 French departments. For years, the Loire was very important for France's commerce. When the railway developed in the 19th century, it put an end to its importance.

The Loire's tributaries include the following rivers, in order going upstream:

Massif Central

The Massif Central is a high region in south-central France. It has mountains and plateaux. It covers 15% of the country. The geological history of the massif is complicated. It is very ancient, and many things have happened to it.

The Massif Central is an ancient massif. It was formed during the Variscan orogeny, consisting mostly of granitic and metamorphic rocks. It looks younger in the East because the Alps uplifted during the Paleogene period. The crystalline base of the Massif is Proterozoic, and so is older than most types of life. 

Many extinct volcanos are there. It has the largest concentration in the world, with 450 volcanos. The Auvergne Volcanoes National Park is in the massif. The Massif is separated from the Alps by the valley of the Rhone.

These departments are usually considered as part of the Massif Central: Allier, Ardèche, Aveyron, Cantal, Corrèze, Creuse, Haute-Loire, Haute-Vienne, Loire, Lot, Lozère, and Puy-de-Dôme.

Here are some well-known mountains in the massif central:

The Massif Central is an important mountain range in France. The Alps, the Pyrénées, and Corsica are higher; Jura, Vosges, Morvan and Ardennes are lower.

Furius ISO Mount

Furius ISO Mount is a program to mount and burn iso files.


Tiktaalik

Tiktaalik is a genus of extinct fish. This sarcopterygian (lobe-finned) fish from the later Devonian has many features similar to those of tetrapods (four-legged animals).

"Tiktaalik" lived about 375 million years ago. It is part of the transition between fish such as "Panderichthys", known from fossils 380 million years old, and early tetrapods such as "Acanthostega" and "Ichthyostega", known from fossils about 365 million years old. Its mixture of basal fish and derived tetrapod characteristics led one of its discoverers, Neil Shubin, to call "Tiktaalik" a 'fishapod'.

This, and other species like it, prove that legs started to develop before these animals were land-based. They were shallow-water carnivorous fish, or fishapods. "Tiktaalik" was therefore a transitional fossil, and an example of mosaic evolution.


Game (hunting)

Game is any animal hunted for food or not normally domesticated. Small birds, ground game (such as squirrels and rabbits), and big game (such as deer and moose) are usually hunted. Game animals are also hunted for sport. In Britain, "game birds" usually means partridge, grouse, and quail. Today, most countries have game laws. In some countries hunting is a part of well preserved tradition that is kept alive as a part of national identity. 

Polarity

In physics, polarity describes an attribute that can usually have two values:

Chemical polarity is a feature of chemical bonds, where two different atoms in the same molecule have different electronegativity. As a result, the electrons in the bond are not shared equally by the two atoms. This causes an asymmetrical (polar) electric field. Molecular covalent bonds can be described as polar or nonpolar. Entire molecules can also be described as polar.

Johnny Shines

Johnny Shines (April 26, 1915 – April 20, 1992) was an American blues singer and guitarist.

He was called John Ned Shines when he was born, in Frayser, Tennessee. He spent most of his childhood in Memphis playing slide guitar for money on the streets. He listened to and was inspired by Blind Lemon Jefferson and Howlin’ Wolf, but he was taught to play the guitar by his mother. Shines moved to Hughes, Arkansas in 1932 and worked on farms for three years. "First time I came to Helena was 1932, I think it was. That's the time I met Robert the first time." When he met Robert Johnson, his greatest influence, that gave him inspiration to return to music. In 1935, Shines began playing with Johnson around the south and heading as far north as Ontario where they appeared on a local radio program. The two split up in 1937, one year before Johnson died. "He (Johnson) was alright to travel with, he was a good companion to travel with, 'cos he talked a lot and I didn't."

Shines played more in the U.S. South until 1941 when he decided to go back to Canada and then to Africa. He never made it past Chicago. In Chicago, Shines found work in the construction trade and continued to play in bars.

He made his first recording in 1946 for Columbia Records, but the music was never released. He later recorded for Chess was still the music was never released. He kept playing with blues musicians in the Chicago area for several more years. In 1952, Shines recorded for J.O.B. Records record label. The recordings were a failure and Shines sold his guitar and went back to construction.

In 1966, Vanguard Records found Shines taking photographs in a Chicago blues club and had him record tracks for the third installment of "Chicago/The Blues/Today!" The album has since then become a blues classic.

Shines played with the Chicago All Stars and Lee Jackson, Big Walter Horton and Willie Dixon. In the late 1960s and 1970s, Shines played with Robert Johnson's stepson, Robert Lockwood, Jr.. In 1980, Shines stopped played after he suffered a stroke. He managed to release one last album, "Back To The Country".

In 1989, Shines met a young, blues player called Kent Duchaine, and the two of them played together for the next several years until Shines died.

Shines died on April 20, 1992, in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. He was put into the Blues Hall of Fame later the same year.



Oklahoma State University

Oklahoma State University is a public university in Stillwater, Oklahoma.

Oklahoma State's men's athletic teams are called the Cowboys. The women's athletic teams are called the Cowgirls. Oklahoma State has 16 varsity teams. They compete in the Big 12 Conference.

Mexico, Illinois

Mexico (formerly, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Cabbegeville) is an unincorporated community, in Cook County, Illinois. It lies at an elevation of 597 feet (182 m).

Oregon Trail

People traveled on the Oregon Trail in wagons in order to settle new parts of the United States of America during the 19th century. The Oregon Trail started in Missouri near the area where Kansas City, Missouri is today and ended in the Willamette Valley in Oregon. The Trail was about 2,170 miles (3,500 km) long, and could take up to six months to travel.

People went to Oregon for many reasons. Some people wanted land. Some thought Oregon would be a better place to live. Most of them went because they wanted a new life.

The Oregon Trail was first traveled around 1841. Once a railroad was built across the United States in 1869, people could take trains to the western United States, so fewer people began to travel west in wagons. By that time, about 400,000 people had crossed the Oregon Trail in wagons. However, some people kept traveling the Trail until the 1880s.

Nobody traveled the Oregon Trail alone. Instead, travelers formed groups so they could help and protect each other. Often, relatives or people from the same town would travel together. They would hire a guide that knew the Trail and would elect leaders. The groups that did best on the Trail wrote constitutions or rules that they could use to settle disagreements or problems on the Trail.

People who traveled the Oregon Trail could use three types of animals to pull their wagons: oxen, mules, or horses. Most people used oxen. They were less expensive than horses and mules, and also less stubborn than mules.

They could eat grass along the Trail, unlike horses, who needed grains when they were working. Oxen were easy to train, and they usually traveled at a steady pace of 2 miles per hour, even in mud and snow.

It was very important for travelers to carry enough food and water for the trip. However, food for the trip was expensive. To feed four people for six months, food would cost about $150 - over $4,500 in today's dollars.
Travelers often brought along a lot of dried meat and "bread stuff" (like flour, crackers, and hardtack). Boiling water was difficult on the Trail, so cooking was not always possible. Some travelers also brought other foods, like rice, peas, dried beans, or dried fruit.

Along the Trail, travelers could fish and hunt for food. Bison, antelope, and deer were the best animals to hunt for food. Travelers also ate berries that grew along the Trail, partly to help prevent scurvy.

Most travelers used covered wagons to travel the Trail. There were a few different styles of covered wagons. One common style, called the "Independence-style" wagon, was usually about 11 feet long, four feet wide, and two feet deep. Pieces of wood held up a cover, made of something like dried ox skin, that rose about five feet above the bottom of the wagon.

There were many dangers along the Oregon Trail, including disease, bad weather, drowning during river crossings, attacks by Native Americans, and many others.

It is difficult to know how many people died along the Oregon Trail. Many travelers would bury their dead in unmarked graves and would disguise the graves. For example, they would bury people right in the middle of a trail and then have their oxen run over the graves. They did this so that animals and robbers would not dig up the graves. Because of this, historians can only estimate the total number of people who died along the Oregon Trail.

Disease was the most common cause of death on the Trail. While travelers usually brought some medicines with them, they usually were not very helpful.

Cholera was the most common illness and cause of death on the Trail. From 1849-1855, there was a cholera epidemic along the trail. Up to 3% of all travelers during this time may have died from cholera. One of the causes of the epidemic was that there was no sanitation along the Trail.
For example, travelers liked to camp along the Platte River in Colorado, so they could easily get fresh water. However, as thousands of travelers used the same campsites over and over again, sewage from travelers with cholera got into the Platte River. After this, any traveler that drank water from the Platte River, or made food with that water, could get cholera. Often, cholera's symptoms would be so bad that travelers would die within 12 hours of getting sick.

Other diseases common on the Trail included:

The travelers used turpentine (a poison), vinegar, and whiskey to treat headaches, muscle pain, and coughs.

Historians do not agree on how many people died from disease along the Trail. One historian, John Unruh, estimates that 6,000 to 12,500 travelers died from disease on the Trail, and another 300-500 died specifically from scurvy. However, the United States National Park Service says that as many as 30,000 people may have died from disease along the Trail.

There were many other dangers along the Trail. John Unruh estimates the number of people who died from these other dangers:

Unruh estimates that 4 percent of the Oregon Trail travelers died: 16,000 out of 400,000 total travelers. However, the National Park Service says:
"The Oregon Trail is this nation’s longest graveyard. Nearly one in ten [travelers] who set off on the trail did not survive."

A usual day on the Trail started very early, just before dawn. Nobody actually rode in the wagons unless they were sick or very young. The ride was too bumpy, too dusty, and added too much work for the oxen. Instead, people walked beside their wagons. Usually, groups traveled almost all day, except for an hour around noon for lunch. Then they kept moving until just before sunset, when they would stop to set up a campsite. Most groups traveled about 15 miles per day, though on the best days they could move 20 miles a day. Since oxen moved at about 2 miles per hour, this meant a day's travel could last up to ten hours.

About 40,000 of the travelers were children. Unless they were babies, they walked alongside the wagons and worked just like adults. Their jobs included herding animals, driving wagons, washing dishes, helping with meals, watching younger children, and collecting firewood and "buffalo chips" (dry buffalo manure, which could be used to start fires if there was no firewood).

At night, the group would move the wagons into a circle ("circle the wagons") and put their animals inside the circle. This kept them from wandering away, or being killed or stolen. If the weather was dry, people slept outside. If it was wet, people slept under their wagons.

Many travelers were very afraid of attacks from Native Americans. However, most Native Americans left the travelers alone, or even helped them by trading with them and helping them cross rivers in canoes. When Native Americans did attack travelers, the stories were told over and over again, which may have made attacks seem more common than they actually were.

Travelers who did reach Oregon looked back on the Trail with different feelings. One man named Loren Hastings said in 1847: 
"I look back upon the long, dangerous and precarious emigrant road with a degree of romance and pleasure; but to others it is the graveyard of their friends."

In the 1970s, three student teachers in Minnesota made an educational computer game based on the Oregon Trail. The goal of the game was to successfully travel the trail from Independence, Missouri to Oregon City, Oregon. Dangers of the trail included river crossings, illnesses, sick oxen, and hunger. Over the next two decades, new versions of the game were made that added more options and included better graphics. The second version included zombies and oxen. The goal was to survive as long as you can before you die.

Emancipation Proclamation

The Emancipation Proclamation was an order by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln to free slaves in 10 states. It applied to slaves in the states still in rebellion in 1863 during the American Civil War. It did not actually immediately free all slaves in those states, because they were still controlled by the Confederacy. It did, however, free at least 20,000 slaves immediately, and nearly all 4 million slaves (according to the 1860 United States census) as the Union army advanced into Confederate states. Until the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1865, only the states had power to end slavery within their own borders. Lincoln issued the Proclamation as a war measure in his role as commander-in-chief. 

The Proclamation made emancipation a goal of the Civil War. It also weakened efforts within England and France to officially recognize the Confederacy. As Union troops advanced into Rebel (Confederate) territory, they freed thousands of slaves per day. Many did not wait, but fled their owners to claim their freedom. 

Five slave states (the Border States) had remained loyal to the Union and were not at war with the federal government. The Proclamation also did not apply to Tennessee, nor to areas within Virginia and Louisiana which Union forces already controlled. 

The Proclamation was issued in two parts. On September 22, 1862, Lincoln said that in 100 days, he would free all slaves in areas not then under Union control. On January 1, 1863, he named the ten states in which the proclamation would then apply: Texas, South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Virginia, Florida, and Louisiana. The five border states where slavery was still legal were exempt, and so not named, because they had remained loyal to the Union and were not in rebellion. Tennessee also was not named because Union forces had already regained control there. Several counties of Virginia that were in the process of separating from that state to form the new state of West Virginia were specifically named as exemptions, as were several parishes around New Orleans in Louisiana. The next paragraph is part of a quote from the Emancipation Proclamation.

Only a small number of slaves already behind Union lines were immediately freed. As Union forces advanced, nearly all four million slaves were freed. Some former slaves joined the Union army.

Before the war was over, some of the exempted border states ended slavery within their own borders. While the Proclamation had freed slaves, it had not made slavery illegal. Lincoln sponsored a constitutional amendment to ban slavery. The Thirteenth Amendment, which made slavery illegal everywhere in the United States, was passed late in 1865, eight months after Lincoln was killed.



Brooklyn Bridge

The Brooklyn Bridge is one of the oldest suspension bridges in the United States. It is long. The bridge goes over the East River. It connects the New York City boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn. It is one of the leading landmarks of New York City.

The bridge was built from 1869 to 1883. It was the first fixed crossing of the East River. It was designed by John Roebling. The construction was directed by his son Washington Roebling and Washington's wife, Emily. When it was finished, it was the tallest structure in North America.

The bridge is an official landmark. It has been a National Historic Landmark since 1964. It became a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1972.

Notes

Shelf life

Shelf life is length of time that food can be stored safely. Food cannot be kept forever. After a certain time it may go bad. . Shelf life is also used for drugs, drinks and other things that can go bad or out of date. The words are also used as a metaphor for other things which have been around too long.

In some countries, a "best before", "use by" or "freshness date" must be put on packaged foods. During this time, if the food is kept under proper conditions the quality of the food does not change. Frozen food that does not remain frozen will go bad earlier, for example. These labels do not guarantee the safety of food. They should only be used as a guide.

Shelf life is different from "expiration date". Shelf life is linked to food quality, expiration date to food safety. Something that has passed its shelf life might still be safe, but quality is no longer guaranteed. In most food stores, shelf life is controlled by using stock rotation. This means moving products with the earliest sell by date to the front of the shelf, so that most shoppers will pick them up first and take them out of the store. Stores can be fined for selling out of date products. Shops may have to mark such products down as wasted, leading to a loss of profit.

Shelf life can be changed by many things: exposure to light, heat, gases (including humidity), mechanical stresses, and contamination by things such as micro-organisms.

Product quality is often modelled using only one parameter, for example the concentration of a chemical substance, a microbiological index, or a physical parameter. Sometimes, the parameter picked is not significant.

The shelf life is an important factor to health. Bacteria are everywhere, and foods left unused too long will often get large amounts of bacteria living in them. It may be dangerous to eat them and lead to food poisoning. The shelf life itself cannot always tell how safe it is to eat a certain item of food. For example, pasteurized milk can remain fresh for five days after its sell-by date if it is refrigerated properly. In contrast, if milk already has harmful bacteria, the use-by dates do not matter.

For drugs the situation is different. If drugs are used within the expiration date, the manufacturer guarantees that they work as expected. After that date, they may still work, but they are no longer guaranteed. A study done by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs, prescription and over-the-counter. About 90% of them were safe and effective as far as 15 years past their expiration date. Joel Davis, a former FDA expiration-date compliance chief, said that with a handful of exceptions - notably nitroglycerin, insulin and some liquid antibiotics - most expired drugs are probably effective.

Preservatives and antioxidants may be put into some food and drug products to make their shelf life longer. Some companies use induction sealing and vacuum pouches to add to the shelf life of their products. Some things can be controlled by provisions in the packaging. For example, the amber bottle used for many beers blocks damaging wavelengths of light. Transparent beer bottles do not. Packaging with barrier materials (e.g., (low moisture vapor transmission rate, etc.) extends the shelf life of some foods and pharmaceuticals.

Nearly all chemical reactions will occur at common temperatures. Examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds. Nitroglycerine is notorious. Old explosives are more dangerous (i.e., liable to be triggered to explode by very small disturbances) than more recently manufactured explosives. Rubber products also degrade as sulphur bonds induced during vulcanization revert; this is why old rubber bands and other rubber products soften and get sticky as they age.

These processes happen more quickly at higher temperatures. The usually quoted rule of thumb is that chemical reactions double their rate for each temperature increase of 10 Celsius degrees (C°) . As with all rules of thumb, there are many assumptions. This particular one is most applicable to reactions with activation energy values around 50 kJ/mole. Many of these are important at the usual temperatures we encounter. It is often applied in shelf life estimation, sometimes wrongly. There is a widespread impression. for instance in industry, that "triple time" can be simulated in practice by increasing the temperature by 15 C°, e.g. storing a product for one month at 35 °C simulates three months at 20 °C. There is enough variation that this practical rule cannot be relied upon .

The reactions needed to feed and reproduce bacteria and fungi increase at higher temperatures, up to the point that the proteins and other compounds in their cells themselves begin to breakdown, or denature, so quickly that they cannot be replaced. This is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms; 'tissue' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they cannot be compensated for and the cell dies. On the other hand, 'elevated' temperatures short of these result in increased growth and reproduction; if the organism is harmful, perhaps to dangerous levels.

Just as temperature increase speeds up reactions, temperature decreases reduce them. Therefore, to make explosives stable for longer periods, or to keep rubber bands springy, or to force bacteria to slow down their growth, they can be cooled. This is the reason shelf life is generally extended by temperature control: (refrigeration, insulated shipping containers, controlled cold chain, etc.) and the reason some medicines and foods "must" be refrigerated.

"Best before" is sometimes put on food and drink wrappers, followed by a date. It shows the date before which the supplier intended the food should be consumed. The term "best before" is also used to show the date by which the item will have outlived its shelf life, and is intended to ensure that customers will not unwittingly purchase or eat stale food. Sometimes the packaging process involves using pre-printed labels, making it impractical to write the "best before" date in a clearly visible location. In this case, a term like "best before see bottom" or "best before see lid" might be printed on the label and the date marked in a different location as indicated.

"Best Before" is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product. "Use By" which indicates that the product is no longer safe after the specified date.

Generally, foods that have a "use by" date written on the packaging must not be eaten after it has expired. This is because such foods usually go bad quickly and may be dangerous to eat. It is also important to follow storage instructions carefully for these foods (for example, product must be refrigerated).

Foods that have a "best before" date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed, although they may not be as good either in flavour, texture, appearance or nutrition.

Bathroom products/toiletries usually state a time in months by which, once the product is opened, they should be used. This is often indicated by a graphic of an open tub, with the number of months written inside (e.g., "12M" means use the product within 12 months of opening).

"Open Dating" is the use of a date or code stamped on the package of a food product to help determine how long to display the product for sale. It is also helpful to the customer and ensures that the product is at its best quality when bought. An Open Date does not supersede a Use by date, which should still be followed.

These dates are meant to help keep track of the stock in stores. Food that has passed its "sell by" or "display until" date, but is still within its use by / best before can still be eaten, if it has been stored correctly. It is common practice in large stores to throw away such food, as it makes the stock control process easier. It also reduces the risk of customers buying food without looking at the date, only to find out the next day that they cannot use it. Changing the posted date is illegal in many countries.

Most stores will rotate stock by moving the products with the earliest dates to the front of shelving units, which allows them to be sold first and saving them from having to be either marked down or thrown away, both of which contribute to a loss of profit.

It is also common for food approaching the use by date to be reduced in price for quick sale, with greater reductions the closer to the use by date it gets.

In a metaphorical sense, much software also has a shelf life. Most software products are released to market with defects, security vulnerabilities, and design flaws. Over time, some of these are discovered and patches issued which fix bugs and add functionality. The result is that, after some time, the software application is rather different than it was at first release, even with the same version level. Since correct inclusion of patches at end user sites is spotty, the actual population of that software application in the field is quite varied; some will have patches 1 and 2, others 1, 2, and 3, some others none, in all possible variations. This increases support difficulty. There have been a few attempts to address this. One commercial attempt is from Preemptive.

The Food & Drug Administration, which controls packaged foods and drugs, only requires a use-by, or expiration, date on infant formula and some baby foods. That's because formula must contain a certain quantity of each nutrient that is described on the label. If formula is stored too long, it loses its nutritional quality. It also separates or form lumps that will clog the bottle nipple. Except for infant formula and some baby foods, product dating is not required by federal regulations.

The Agriculture Dept., which controls fresh produce and meats, only requires labeling of the date when poultry is packed at the farm. However, many manufacturers are allowed to also add sell-by or use-by dates. 

A "freshness date" is the date used in the American brewing industry to indicate either the date the beer was bottled or the date before which the beer should be consumed.

Beer does not keep forever. It can be affected by light, air, or the action of bacteria. Although beer in the USA does not have to have a shelf life, freshness dates serve much the same purpose and are a marketing tool.

The Boston Beer Company, maker of Samuel Adams, was among the first to start adding freshness dates to their product line in 1985. For ten years there was a slow growth in brewers adding freshness dates to their beer. The practice rapidly grew in popularity after the Anheuser-Busch company's heavily marketed "Born-On dates" starting in 1996. Many other brewers started adding freshness dates to their products, but there is no standard for what the date means. For some companies, the date on the bottle or can will be the date that the beer was bottled; others have the date by which the beer should be consumed.

Before a beer is bottled, it is processed to make its shelf life longer. This can change the beer's freshness date. It may be done in several ways, not all of which will be used by a particular brewery:




Red card

A red card in sport is a punishment to a player of a team. It is usually given to a player who has broken the rules of the game.

In football rules, a red card means that the player is sent off the field, and is not allowed to play in the rest of the match. A player with a red card is automatically banned from his team's next game. In some cases, the player may be banned for multiple games.

WWE Women's Championship (1956–2010)

The World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Women's Championship was an official championship in World Wrestling Entertainment fought for by divas. The title was unified with the WWE Diva's Championship.

The WWE Women's Championship has descended from the National Wrestling Alliance World Women's Championship when The Fabulous Moolah became champion and held the title close to 30 years. The Title became inactive in 1990 when Rockin' Robin left the WWF. In 1993 Alundra Blayze won the title. However it became Inactive after Alundra Blayze dropped the title into a garbage can live on WCW Monday Nitro. This incident forced her to give up the title.

The WWE Women's Championship was then reactivated in September 1998 when Jacqueline Moore won a match against Sable.

Currently Michelle McCool, Mickie James, Melina Perez and Beth Phoenix are the only divas in the history of the WWE to hold both the WWE Women's Championship and WWE Divas Championship.

The final champion was Layla El who defeated Beth Phoenix in a two-on-one handicap match with Michelle McCool on Smackdown and McCool self-proclaimed herself as the co-Women's Champion. The title was unified with the WWE Diva's Championship on September 19, 2010 and retired.


Notes

KWord

KWord is a free word processor, a part of the KOffice project and of the K Desktop Environment.

The text-layout scheme in KWord is based on frames, making it look like Adobe FrameMaker. These can be placed anywhere on the page, and can include text, graphics and embedded objects. Each new page is a new frame, but the text is able to flow through KWord’s ability to link frames together. The use of frames means that complex graphical layouts can be achieved easily in KWord.

KWord was created as part of the KOffice project in 1998 using some ideas from FrameMaker such as the frames approach. The first author said that the application and its code were not the best since it was his first object-oriented application.

In 2000 the KWord application was created in a way that made it very hard to fix problems and nobody was working on the problems anymore. There had not been any official release of the application in all this time. In the same year a new maintainer started working on the application and over the duration of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 they worked to fix any problems in the code of the application.



1964–65 NHL season

The 1964–65 NHL season was the 48th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. Jean Beliveau was the winner of the newly introduced Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player during the playoffs. The Montreal Canadiens won their first Stanley Cup since 1960 as they were victorious over the Chicago Black Hawks in a seven-game final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
For the third straight playoffs, it was Montreal vs. Toronto and Detroit vs. Chicago in the first round. The Canadiens came beat the Leafs in six games, while the Hawks beat the Wings in seven.


Nation of Islam

The Nation of Islam is an African-American ethno-nationalist and religious group. It was founded in Detroit, Michigan, in 1930 by Master Farad Muhammad and re-founded in 1977 under the leadership of Louis Farrakhan. The original group founded in the 1930s changed its name to American Society of Muslims, which rejected many of its original beliefs, including black separatism. The main goal of the Nation of Islam is to bring back the spiritual, mental, social and economic condition of blacks in the United States. Since 1981, the group has been led by Louis Farrakhan. Malcolm X also was a member.

The current headquarters for the Nation of Islam is in Chicago, Illinois. The Nation of Islam is currently lead by the Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan through the teachings of the Most Honorable Elijah Muhammad. Elijah Muhammad met Master Farad Muhammad and was directly given lost knowledge to rebuild the children of slavery and bring them back to their original selves.

The Nation of Islam combines a number of religious doctrines and beliefs, primarily Islam and Dianetics. In their literature, they profess their belief in the oneness of Allah ("tawhid)" and the Qur'an. They celebrate Ramadan, Eid al-Fitr and Eid al-Adha. Unlike orthodox Islam, they celebrate Ramadan in the winter. Their places of worship are called mosques. They also pray five times a day, although unlike in orthodox Islam, they pray in English, not Arabic. 

In addition to these Islamic beliefs and practices, the theology Nation of Islam also promotes and includes non-traditional religious beliefs. Although their contemporary website highlights their belief in the oneness of God, other sources produced by the Nation of Islam highlight their beliefs in many Gods as well. For example, Master Farad, the founder of the Nation of Islam is also considered "God in person". This is a belief that would be strongly refuted in traditional Islamic teaching. They also believe that Allah is a black man and that each cycle of history is ruled by a different God, who dies once his cycle is over. 

The flag of the Nation of Islam has the symbols of the sun, moon, and the stars. It represents the universe. It is also a banner of universal peace and harmony.


World Tag Team Championship (WWE)

The World Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in World Wrestling Entertainment. It was the original world tag team title of WWE. In 2009 it was with the WWE Tag Team Championship to make up the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship. It was retired in 2010. The last champions were The Hart Dynasty (David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd). 

The championship was first introduced into the then "World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF)" in 1971. Following its introduction into the WWWF Luke Graham and Tarzan Tyler became the first "WWWF Tag Team Champions" on June 3. In 1979 the title became known as the "World Wrestling Federation (WWF) Tag Team Championship" when the promotion renamed itself "World Wrestling Federation."

In 2001 at the Survivor Series Pay-per-view during the Invasion storyline, The Hardy Boyz, Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy who were the current "World Tag Team Champions" and were competing for the "WWF" took on The Dudley Boyz, Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley who were the current WCW World Tag Team Champions and were competing for "The Alliance" in a title unification match inside a Steel Cage, The Dudleyz defeated The Hardyz and were named the last WCW Tag Team Champions while also becoming the "WWF Tag Team Champions"

After the WWF/WWE name change in 2002, the championship was referred to as the "World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Tag Team Championship". After a period where the championship was to be freely defended on either WWE Monday Night Raw or WWE SmackDown! the championship became exclusive to the Raw brand and was renamed "World Tag Team Championship". The General Manager at this time, Stephanie McMahon created new WWE Tag Team Titles which were to be exclusive to the SmackDown! Brand.

At WrestleMania 25, The Colóns (Primo and Carlito) defeated WWE Tag Team Champions The Miz and John Morrison to unify both championships (which also meant it could be defended on all three brands: Raw, SmackDown and ECW). On August 16, 2010, the World Tag Team Championship was retired in favor of continuing the WWE Tag Team Championship (which then lost the "unified" name) with Bret Hart presenting new championship belts to the final World Tag Team Champions, The Hart Dynasty (David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd).
There have been a total of 113 recognized teams and 164 recognized individual champions, who have had a combined 176 official reigns. The team with the most reigns is The Dudley Boyz with eight. Edge has the most individual reigns with 12. Two tag teams have held the titles for 365 or more days: Demolition (Ax and Smash), whose first reign set the record at 478 days and The Valiant Brothers (Jerry and Johnny Valiant). Demolition is also the team with the longest combined reign at 698 days, while Mr. Fuji has the longest combined reign as an individual at 932 days.

WrestleMania III

WrestleMania III was the third yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). The event was held on March 29, 1987 at the Pontiac Silverdome in Pontiac, Michigan.

The event is particularly notable for the record attendance of 93,173, the largest recorded attendance for a live indoor sporting event in North America. Though differing numbers have been argued, the event is considered to be the pinnacle of the 1980s wrestling boom. Almost one million fans watched the event at 160 closed circuit locations in North America. The number of people watching via pay-per-view was estimated at several million, and pay-per-view revenues were estimated at $10 million.


WrestleMania 2

WrestleMania 2 was the second annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (although the first WrestleMania was only on pay-per-view in select areas). It took place on April 7, 1986 at three venues: the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York, the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois, and the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California.

Arthur Mutambara

Arthur Guseni Oliver Mutambara (born 25 May 1966) is a Zimbabwean politician. He became the President of a faction of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) in February 2006. He has worked as the Managing Director and CEO of Africa Technology and Business Institute since September 2003.

Kill 'Em All

Kill 'Em All is the first album by Metallica, an American thrash metal band. It was released on July 25, 1983. It has sold over three million copies in the United States. When it was released most of the reviews were good. Two singles were released from the album, "Whiplash" and "Jump in the Fire". The album was going to be called "Metal Up Your Ass". However, the record label that released the album did not want this. Cliff Burton, the band's bass guitar player, said "why don't we just kill 'em all?" when talking about the record label. The band decided to use "Kill 'Em All" as the album's name.


Lucy Lawless

Lucille Frances Ryan (born 29 March 1968) is a New Zealand actress. When she was twenty years old, she got her first acting job in the TV program "Funny Business". In 1995, she starred in her first television series, "", becoming in an international star in this role.

Lawless is also known for her role as "D'anna Biers" in the TV series "Battlestar Galactica" between 2005 and 2008. During a break in 1997 between filming seasons on Xena, Lawless made her onstage debut singing songs on Broadway as Rizzo in the remake of the musical play Grease.

Since her role as Xena, Lawless has pursued a new career in singing after being a contestant on "Celebrity Duets". She sang at the Roxy in Hollywood in 2007, and has since performed regularly in concerts and released several CDs. She has a contralto singing range.

She was born in Auckland on 29 March 1968. Lawless' mother, Julie, was teacher, and her father, Frank, was mayor. She has 6 brothers. She had bulimia and Depression.

Lawless began acting in secondary school, attending Marist College, New Zealand, in Mount Albert. She studied foreign languages at Auckland University for a year before dropping out and leaving for Europe with her boyfriend, Garth Lawless, to travel to Germany and Switzerland. The couple then moved to Australia, where she worked briefly as a gold miner.

Lawless wanted to act since she was five. She took her first acting class at the school. Lawless starred various national television commercials when she was a child. One of these was for McDonald's. She played an Amazon in the TV movie "Hercules and the Amazon Women", in 1994, and Lisya in his Spin-off, the TV series "" em 1995. In the same year, she plays Xena in three episodes, returning later.

In September, Xena won her own series, "", Lawless was the star in the program during 6 years. Lawless first appeared on Broadway in September 1997 in the "Grease play remake", as the "bad girl" Rizzo character. She applied to play the squeaky-clean naive blond girl Sandra Dee, but she claimed the producers after Xena had typed her to playing only "bad girls." She said the Sandy character was very similar to her sheltered childhood, growing up in New Zealand with many protective older brothers.

Lawless has since appeared onstage in the "Vagina Monologues" and as a television guest star in episodes of The Simpsons, The X-Files, Just Shoot Me!, Veronica Mars, Burn Notice, and Curb Your Enthusiasm. She was also featured in the short-lived television series Tarzan. Lawless has made cameo appearances in the movies EuroTrip, Spider-Man and Boogeyman. She returned to television in the TV movie Locusts! and its sequel Vampire Bats.

From 2005 to 2008, Lawless has had a recurring role in the television series Battlestar Galactica. She portrays D'Anna Biers, a reporter with the "Fleet News Service" who works on a critical documentary about the crew of the Galactica and is later revealed to be a Cylon.

In 1997, Lawless was named one of the "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" by "People" magazine. Days earlier on 6 May 1997, Lawless inadvertently exposed a breast as she concluded a performance of the US national anthem at an NHL hockey game in Anaheim, California between the Mighty Ducks and Detroit Red Wings. Lawless was quoted in Newsweek as saying:

Lawless has enjoyed a particular cult status in the lesbian community. Some of the lesbian fan base sees Lawless as a lesbian icon. A group called The Marching Xenas has participated in many gay and lesbian pride parades.

Some fans felt that the sexual nature of Xena and the character Gabrielle's relationship was cemented by an interview given by Lucy Lawless to "Lesbian News" magazine in 2003. Lawless stated that after the series finale, where Gabrielle revives Xena with a mouth-to-mouth water transfer filmed to look like a full kiss, she had come to believe that Xena and Gabrielle's relationship was "definitely gay... there was always a 'well, she might be or she might not be' but when there was that drip of water passing between their lips in the very final scene, that cemented it for me".

In 2006, Lucy Lawless donated her personal Xena costume to the Museum of American History. In an interview the same year with "Smithsonian" magazine, she was asked the question "Was the Warrior Princess outfit comfortable?" and she responded:

At the age of nineteen, Lawless became pregnant with Garth's child. In 1988, they married in Kalgoorlie, Australia. They returned to New Zealand and had a daughter, Daisy Lawless (born 15 July 1988), who also attended Marist College, New Zealand. The couple divorced in 1995. Lawless married "Xena" executive producer Robert Tapert on 28 March 1998. Lawless and Tapert have two sons: Julius Robert Bay Tapert (born 16 October 1999) and Judah Miro Tapert (born 7 May 2002), both born in Auckland.

The following table shows all the movies she has been in, the role she played and when the movie was released


Raccoon (disambiguation)

A raccoon (sometimes racoon) is a mammal native to the Americas.

Raccoon may also mean:


North York

North York may mean:

Red Army Faction

The Red Army Faction or RAF (German "Rote Armee Fraktion"), was one of postwar West Germany's most active and prominent militant left-wing groups. It described itself as a communist "urban guerrilla" group engaged in armed resistance, while it was described by the West German government as a terrorist group.The RAF was formally founded in 1970 by Andreas Baader, Gudrun Ensslin, Horst Mahler, Ulrike Meinhof, Irmgard Möller and others. The Red Army Faction operated from the 1970s to 1993, committing numerous crimes, especially in the autumn of 1977, which led to a national crisis that became known as "German Autumn".It was responsible for 34 deaths including many secondary targets such as chauffeurs and bodyguards—and many injuries in its almost 30 years of existence. It ceased activities in 1993 and disbanded in 1998.

One member was arrested in 2024, Daniela Klette.

Large Hadron Collider

The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the world's biggest and most powerful particle accelerator. It was built by the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN). It is a giant circular tunnel built underground. The tunnel is 17 miles (27 kilometers) long, and between 50 and 175 meters below the ground. It lies beneath the border of Switzerland and France. 10,000 scientists and engineers from over 100 different countries worked together in the making of this project, and it cost 10.4 billion Swiss francs ($10 billion) to build. It is now the largest and most complicated experimental research facility in the world.

As its name states, the research at the LHC involves the collision of hadrons. A hadron is a particle which consists of a number of quarks held together by the subatomic strong force. Protons and neutrons are examples of a hadron. The LHC primarily uses the collision of protons in its experiments. Protons are parts of atoms with a positive charge. The LHC accelerates these protons through the tunnel until they reach nearly the speed of light. Different protons are directed through the tunnel in opposite directions. When they collide, they create conditions similar to the early universe.

The LHC attempts to study elementary particles and the ways they interact. Researchers have used it to learn about quantum physics, and they hope to learn much more about the structure of space and time. The observations researchers are able to make can help us learn what the universe might have been like within milliseconds after the big bang.

The LHC ionizes Hydrogen atoms to get their protons. A Hydrogen atom consists of only one proton and one electron. When they ionize the atoms, they are removing the one electron to give it a net positive charge. The Hydrogen protons are then directed through the circle by electromagnets. In order for the magnets to be strong enough, it must be very cold. The inside of the tunnel is cooled by liquid helium. They keep the temperature at just above absolute zero. The protons hit one another at close to the speed of light and this creates lots of particles, many of which only live a short time before decaying to lighter particles. At the four collision sites, there are large detectors called ALICE, ATLAS, CMS and LHCb.

When the particles hit each other, their energy is converted into many different particles, and sensitive detectors keep track of the pieces that are created. By looking carefully at the detector data, scientists can study what the particles are made of and how the particles interact. This is the only way to detect some particles because very high energy is needed to create them. The LHC's particle collisions have the energy needed.

The LHC has three main parts to it. There is the particle accelerator, the four detectors, and the Grid. The accelerator creates the collision, but the results cannot be directly observed. The detectors turn it into usable data and send it to the Grid. The Grid is a computer network that the researchers use to interpret the data. There are 170 locations in 36 different countries which are filled with regular desktop computers. All of these computers are connected, and together they act as a supercomputer. The LHC's Grid is considered the most powerful supercomputer ever built. The computers share processing power and data storage space.

The Grid is very powerful, but it is only able to take in about one percent of the data it receives from the detectors. Its limitations have motivated attempts at creating quantum computers, which could use what the LHC has taught us about quantum mechanics in order to make faster computers.

Scientists used the LHC to find the Higgs boson, a particle predicted to exist by the Standard Model.

Some people thought the LHC could create a black hole, which would be very dangerous. There are two reasons not to be worried. The first is that the LHC didn't do anything that the cosmic rays that hit the Earth every day don't do, and these rays do not create black holes. The second reason is that even if the LHC did make black holes, they would be very tiny. The smaller a black hole is, the shorter its life. Very tiny black holes would evaporate before they could hurt people.

The LHC was first used on September 10, 2008, but it did not work because a cooling system broke. The magnets that help to move the charged particles must be cold. The failure caused part of the facility to collapse. The lab shut down for the winter and the collider was not used again until November 2009. While it was being repaired, scientists used the Tevatron to look for the Higgs Boson. When the LHC was restarted in November 2009, it set a new speed record by accelerating protons to 1.18 TeV (teraelectronvolt, or trillion electronvolt). On March 30 2010, the LHC created a collision at 3.5 TeV.


S.M.A.R.T.

Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology, or S.M.A.R.T. is a system to watch computer hard disks to help stop the risk of failures. It does this by watching reliability of the hard disks to try and see when a failure might happen and where.

Hard drive failures fall into two categories:

Predictable failures can be detected by certain monitoring devices. This is like a thermometer in a vehicle that can alert the driver to do something before serious damage occurs, for example because the engine is too hot.

About 60% of all drive failures are caused by mechanical failure. Most result from gradual wear. An eventual failure may be catastrophic. Before complete failure occurs, there are usually signs that failure will happen. These may include increased heat output, a more noisy drive, problems with reading or writing data and a big increase in the number of damaged disk sectors.

The purpose of S.M.A.R.T. is to warn a user or system administrator that a drive is about to fail. At the time of the warning, there is usually still time to do somethings to prevent data loss by copying the data to a different drive. About 30% of failures can be predicted by S.M.A.R.T. Work at Google on over 100,000 drives has shown little overall predictive value of S.M.A.R.T. status as a whole. The study suggests that certain sub-categories of information which some S.M.A.R.T. implementations track "do" correlate with actual failure rates. In the 60 days after the first scan error on a drive, the drive is 39 times more likely to fail on average than it would have been had no such error occurred. Also, first errors in reallocations, offline reallocations and probational counts have higher probabilities of failure.

PCTechGuide's page on S.M.A.R.T. commented in 2003 that the technology had gone through three phases: 

The first hard disk monitoring technology was introduced by IBM in 1992 in their IBM 9337 Disk Arrays for AS/400 servers using IBM 0662 SCSI-2 disk drives. Later it was named Predictive Failure Analysis technology. It was measuring several key device health parameters and evaluating them within the drive firmware. Communications between the physical unit and the monitoring software were limited to a binary result – either "device is OK" or "drive is likely to fail soon".

Later, another variant, which was named IntelliSafe, was created by computer manufacturer Compaq and disk drive manufacturers Seagate, Quantum, and Conner. The disk drives would measure the disk’s "health parameters", and the values would be transferred to the operating system and user-space monitoring software. Each disk drive vendor was free to decide which parameters were to be included for monitoring, and what their thresholds should be. The unification was at the protocol level with the host.

Compaq submitted their implementation to Small Form Committee for standardization in early 1995. It was supported by IBM, by Compaq's development partners Seagate, Quantum, and Conner, and by Western Digital, who did not have a failure prediction system at the time. The Committee chose IntelliSafe's approach, as it provided more flexibility. The resulting jointly developed standard was named S.M.A.R.T.

The technical documentation for SMART is in the AT Attachment standard.

The most basic information that SMART provides is the SMART status. It provides only two values: "threshold not exceeded" and "threshold exceeded". Often these are represented as "drive OK" or "drive fail" respectively. A "threshold exceeded" value is intended to indicate that there is a relatively high probability that the drive will not be able to honour its specification in the future – that is, the drive is "about to fail". The predicted failure may be catastrophic or may be something as subtle as the inability to write to certain sectors, or perhaps slower performance than the manufacturer's declared minimum.

The SMART status does not necessarily indicate the drive's past or present reliability. If a drive has already failed catastrophically, the SMART status may be inaccessible. Alternatively, if a drive has experienced problems in the past, but the sensors no longer detect such problems, the SMART status may, depending on the manufacturer's programming, suggest that the drive is now sound.

The inability to "read" some sectors is not always an indication that a drive is about to fail. One way that unreadable sectors may be created, even when the drive is functioning within specification, is through a sudden power failure while the drive is writing. In order to prevent this problem, modern hard drives will always finish writing at least the current sector immediately after the power fails (typically using rotational energy from the disk). Also, even if the physical disk is damaged at one location, such that a certain sector is unreadable, the disk may be able to use spare space to replace the bad area, so that the sector can be overwritten.

More detail on the health of the drive may be obtained by examining the SMART Attributes. SMART Attributes were included in some drafts of the ATA standard, but were removed before the standard became final. The meaning and interpretation of the attributes varies between manufacturers, and are sometimes considered a trade secret for one manufacturer or another. Attributes are further discussed below.

Drives with SMART may support a number of 'logs'. The "error log" records information about the most recent errors that the drive has reported back to the host computer. Examining this log may help to determine whether computer problems are disk-related or caused by something else.

A drive supporting SMART may support a number of self-test or maintenance routines, and the results of the tests are kept in the "self-test log". The self-test routines may be used to detect any unreadable sectors on the disk, so that they may be restored from back-up sources (for example, from other disks in a RAID). 

Many motherboards will display a warning message when a disk drive is approaching failure. Although an industry standard among most major hard drive manufacturers, there are some remaining issues and much proprietary "secret knowledge" held by individual manufacturers as to their specific approach.

The term "S.M.A.R.T." refers only to a signalling method between internal disk drive electromechanical sensors and the host computer. Hence, a drive may be claimed by its manufacturers to include S.M.A.R.T. support even if it does not include, say, a temperature sensor, which the customer might reasonably expect to be present.

Depending on the type of interface being used, some S.M.A.R.T.-enabled motherboards and related software may not communicate with certain S.M.A.R.T.-capable drives. For example, few external drives connected via USB and Firewire correctly send S.M.A.R.T. data over those interfaces. With so many ways to connect a hard drive (SCSI, Fibre Channel, ATA, SATA, SAS, SSA, and so on), it is difficult to predict whether S.M.A.R.T. reports will function correctly in a given system.

Even on hard drives and interfaces that support it, S.M.A.R.T. information may not be reported correctly to the computer's operating system. Some disk controllers can duplicate all write operations on a secondary "back-up" drive in real time. This feature is known as "RAID mirroring". However, many programs which are designed to analyze changes in drive behaviour and relay S.M.A.R.T. alerts to the operator do not function properly when a computer system is configured for RAID support. Generally this is because, under normal RAID operational conditions, the computer is not permitted by the RAID subsystem to 'see' (or directly access) individual physical drives, but may access only logical volumes instead.

On the Windows platform, many programs designed to monitor and report S.M.A.R.T. information will function only under an administrator account. At present, S.M.A.R.T. is implemented individually by manufacturers, and while some aspects are standardized for compatibility, others are not.

Each drive manufacturer defines a set of attributes, and sets threshold values beyond which attributes should not pass under normal operation. Each attribute has a "raw value", whose meaning is entirely up to the drive manufacturer (but often corresponds to counts or a physical unit, such degrees Celsius or seconds), and a normalized value, which ranges from 1 to 253 (with 1 representing the worst case and 253 representing the best). Depending on the manufacturer, a value of 100 or 200 will often be chosen as the "normal" value.

Threshold Exceeds Condition (TEC) is a supposed date when a critical drive statistic attribute will reach its threshold value. When Drive Health software reports a "Nearest T.E.C.", it should be regarded as a "Failure date".

Prognosis of this date is based on the factor "Speed of attribute change"; how many points each month the value is decreasing or increasing. This is calculated automatically at any change of S.M.A.R.T. attributes for each attribute individually. Note that TEC dates are not guarantees; hard drives can and will either last much longer or fail much sooner than the date given by a TEC.



Uncomplicated Firewall

Uncomplicated Firewall is a firewall for host-based iptables firewall configuration.

A graphical user interface exists, called "GUI for Uncomplicated Firewall"

Good Morning (Kanye West song)

"Good Morning" is a single on Kanye West's 3rd studio album "Graduation". The song was released in late August 2007 on iTunes. "Good Morning" is the 1st track on the album. It has samples of "Someone Saved My Life Tonight" as sung by Elton John.Additional vocals were provided by Connie Mitchell, Tony "Penafire" Williams, and Jay-Z.

Loupfougères

Loupfougères is a commune of 368 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Louverné

Louverné is a commune of 3,538 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Louvigné

Louvigné is a commune of 774 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Madré

Madré is a commune in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Maisoncelles-du-Maine

Maisoncelles-du-Maine is a commune of 400 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Marcillé-la-Ville

Marcillé-la-Ville is a commune of 740 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Marigné-Peuton

Marigné-Peuton is a commune of 487 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Martigné-sur-Mayenne

Martigné-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1,309 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Mée, Mayenne

Mée is a commune of 171 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ménil

Ménil is a commune of 785 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Méral

Méral is a commune of 913 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Meslay-du-Maine

Meslay-du-Maine is a commune of 2,616 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Mézangers

Mézangers is a commune of 700 people (3 March 2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montaudin

Montaudin is a commune of 914 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montenay

Montenay is a commune of 1,399 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The name of the place occurred as "Montaniaco" in the ninth century, and as "Monteneio" en 1225. It probably comes from the Latin "Montanus". The area was probably settled in Neolithic times (5000-3000 BC). There is a dolmen and a groove nearby. The groove is called St. Guillaume's stone, and is located about 3km from the village.

Montflours

Montflours is a commune of 204 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montigné-le-Brillant

Montigné-le-Brillant is a commune of 1,234 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montjean, Mayenne

Montjean is a commune of 797 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montourtier

Montourtier is a former commune of 326 people (2009). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré, Deux-Évailles and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

Montreuil-Poulay

Montreuil-Poulay is a commune of 414 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montsûrs

Montsûrs is a commune of 2,020 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged with Saint-Céneré and formed the short-lived commune Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré. Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré was merged with Deux-Évailles, Montourtier and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons on 1 January 2019, and the new commune took the name of "Montsûrs".

Moulay

Moulay is a commune of 907 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Neau

Neau is a commune of 712 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Neuilly-le-Vendin

Neuilly-le-Vendin is a commune of 426 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Niafles

Niafles is a commune of 287 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Nuillé-sur-Vicoin

Nuillé-sur-Vicoin is a commune of 1,184 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Oisseau

Oisseau is a commune of 1,101 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Olivet, Mayenne

Olivet is a commune of 381 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Origné

Origné is a commune of 278 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Pallu

La Pallu is a commune of 160 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire of the Mayenne department, in the northwest of France.

Predictive Failure Analysis

Predicive failure analysis is a technology developed by IBM to monitor the likelihood of a hard disk failure. Today, it is part of S.M.A.R.T.

Parallel ATA

Parallel ATA is a way to connect storage devices, such as Hard disks, solid-state drives, and CD-ROM drives inside personal computers. The standard is maintained by X3/INCITS committee T13. 

It used to be called Advanced Technology Attachment with Packet Interface (ATA/ATAPI). ATA/ATAPI is the result of a long history of development. It is an evolution of the AT Attachment Interface, which was itself evolved in several stages from Western Digital's original Integrated Drive Electronics interface. As a result, many near-synonyms for ATA/ATAPI and its previous incarnations exist, including abbreviations such as IDE which are still in common informal use. With the market introduction of Serial ATA in 2003, the original ATA was retroactively renamed Parallel ATA (PATA).

Parallel ATA standards allow cable lengths up to only 18 inches (46 centimeters). Because of this length limit the technology normally appears as an internal computer storage interface. 
For many years ATA provided the most common and the least expensive interface for this application. 
As of 2007, it has largely been replaced by Serial ATA (SATA) in new systems. Older computers based on Parallel ATA are still widely-used in embedded and industrial applications.


Serial Attached SCSI

Serial Attached SCSI (SAS) is a technology designed to move data to and from computer storage devices such as hard drives and tape drives. It is a point-to-point serial protocol that replaces the parallel SCSI. SCSI first appeared in the mid 1980s in corporate data centers. SAS uses the standard SCSI command set. At present it is slightly slower than the final parallel SCSI implementation, but in 2009 it will double its present speed to 6 Gbit/s. This will permit much higher speed data transfers. The protocol is "downwards"-compatible with second generation SATA drives. These drives may be connected to SAS backplanes (controllers), but SAS drives can not be connected to SATA backplanes. 

The SAS protocol is developed and maintained by the T10 technical committee of the International Committee for Information Technology Standards (INCITS) and promoted by the SCSI Trade Association (SCSITA).



The SAS connector is much smaller than traditional parallel SCSI connectors allowing for the small drives. SAS supports point data transfer speeds up to 3 Gbit/s, but is expected to reach 12 Gbit/s by the year 2012. 

The physical SAS connector is available in several different variants:


All the Greatest Hits

All the Greatest Hits is an album from the band McFly. They released it on November 5, 2007 and it features all of McFly's UK singles. The album also includes 3 new songs: "The Heart Never Lies", "The Way You Make Me Feel" and "Don't Wake Me Up".



The Judas Kiss

"The Judas Kiss" is the fourth single off the album by rock band Metallica off their ninth studio album "Death Magnetic". 


Death Magnetic

Death Magnetic is the ninth studio album by heavy metal band Metallica. The album was released September 12, 2008 with the hits "The Day That Never Comes", "Cyanide", "My Apocalypse", "The Unforgiven III", and "The Judas Kiss".


"Death Magnetic" was nominated for four Grammy awards. Rick Rubin won "Producer of the Year, Non-Classical" for his work on "Death Magnetic", as well as other albums this past year.

The album won two Grammys for "Best Metal Performance" and "Best Recording Package" at the 51st Grammy Awards on February 8, 2009.

Tagged Command Queuing

Tagged Command Queueing (TCQ) is a technology that allows to send multiple read and write requests to a hard drive simultaneously. ATA TCQ is not identical in function to the more efficient Native Command Queuing (NCQ) used by SATA drives. SCSI TCQ does not suffer from the same limitations as ATA TCQ.

Before TCQ, an operating system was only able to send one request at a time. In order to boost performance, it had to decide the order of the requests based on its own, possibly incorrect, idea of what the hard drive was doing. With TCQ, the drive can make its own decisions about how to order the requests (and in turn relieve the operating system from having to do so). The result is that TCQ can improve the overall performance of a hard drive if it is implemented correctly.

For efficiency the sectors should be serviced in order of proximity to the current head position, rather than in the order received. The queue is constantly receiving new requests and fulfilling and removing existing requests, and re-ordering the queue according to the current pending read/write requests and the changing position of the head. The exact reordering algorithm may depend upon the controller and the drive itself, but the host computer simply makes requests as needed, leaving the controller to handle the details.

This queuing mechanism is sometimes referred to as "elevator seeking", as the image of a modern elevator in a building servicing multiple calls and processing them to minimise travel illustrates the idea well.

If the buttons for floors 5, 2, and 4 are pressed in that order with the elevator starting on floor 1, an old elevator would go to the floors in the order requested. A modern elevator processes the requests to stop at floors in the logical order 2, 4, and 5, without unnecessary travel. Non-queueing disk drives service the requests in the order received, like an old elevator; queueing drives service requests in the most efficient order. This may improve performance slightly in a system used by a single user, but really comes into its own in a system with many users, making requests all over the disk surface.

Native Command Queuing

Native Command Queuing (NCQ) is a technology designed to increase performance of SATA hard disks on computers. It can do this under certain situations by allowing the individual hard disk to internally optimize the order in which it executes the read and write requests it received. This can reduce the amount of unnecessary drive head movement and result in better performance (and slightly decreased wear of the drive) where multiple read/write requests happen at the same time. This situation most often occurs in server-type applications. However, the technology can slow down HD access in certain applications, like games and sequential reads and writes, because of the added latency induced by NCQ logic.

Native Command Queuing came after Parallel ATA's version of Tagged Command Queuing (TCQ). ATA's attempt at integrating TCQ was constrained by the requirement that ATA host bus adapters use ISA bus device protocols to interact with the operating system. 

NCQ differs from TCQ in that the command re-ordering is performed by the drive rather than the operating system, and each command is equal in importance. This is preferable since the drive has the most knowledge of its performance characteristics, and is able to take rotational position into account. NCQ and PATA TCQ have a maximum queue length of 32 in-flight commands (31 in practice), while SCSI TCQ has a maximum queue length of 2 in-flight commands.

For NCQ to be enabled, it must be supported and enabled in the SATA host bus adapter and in the hard drive itself. The appropriate device driver must be loaded into the operating system to enable NCQ on the host bus adapter. Many newer chipsets support the Advanced Host Controller Interface (AHCI), which should allow a generic driver supplied by the operating system to control them and enable NCQ. In fact, newer mainstream Linux kernels support AHCI natively. Unfortunately, Windows XP requires the installation of a vendor-specific driver even if AHCI is present on the host bus adapter. Windows Vista corrects this situation by including a generic AHCI driver.



Serial Storage Architecture

Serial Storage Architecture is a technology used to attach hard disks to Servers. It was developed by IBM in the 1990s. IBM produced a number of drives with this standard, but today, it has been largely replaced by the Fibre Channel architecture.

Fibre Channel

Fibre Channel, or FC is an architecture (and a set of protocols to attach disk drives to computers, like in a Storage Area Network. Networks today are done with 4 GBit/s and 8 GBit/s over fiberglass cables. This is enough to support data transfer rates of up to 800 MBit/s. Fibrechannel permits connecting the same disk subsystem to several computers. It typically uses the SCSI command set.

Basically, there are two "topologies" (ways to do this):

Parigné-sur-Braye

Parigné-sur-Braye is a commune of 624 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Parné-sur-Roc

Parné-sur-Roc is a commune of 1,157 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Le Pas

Le Pas is a commune of 515 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Pellerine, Mayenne

La Pellerine is a commune of 291 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Peuton

Peuton is a commune of 211 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Placé

Placé is a commune of 326 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Pommerieux

Pommerieux is a commune of 589 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Pontmain

Pontmain is a commune of 893 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Port-Brillet

Port-Brillet is a commune of 1,814 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Préaux, Mayenne

Préaux is a commune of 156 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Pré-en-Pail

Pré-en-Pail is a former commune of 2 128 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Pré-en-Pail-Saint-Samson.

Quelaines-Saint-Gault

Quelaines-Saint-Gault is a commune of 1,739 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ravigny

Ravigny is a commune of 198 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Renazé

Renazé is a commune of 2,791 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Rennes-en-Grenouilles

Rennes-en-Grenouilles is a commune of 105 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Ribay

Le Ribay is a commune of 473 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Roë

La Roë is a commune of 241 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Rouaudière

La Rouaudière is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. 333 people lived there in 1999.

Ruillé-Froid-Fonds

Ruillé-Froid-Fonds is a commune of 496 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ruillé-le-Gravelais

Ruillé-le-Gravelais is a former commune of 619 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loiron-Ruillé.

Sacé

Sacé is a commune of 320 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain

Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune of 360 people as of 1999. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë

Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë is a commune of 926 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Aubin-du-Désert

Saint-Aubin-du-Désert is a commune of 236 people (number of people measured in 1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain

Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain is a commune of 252 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Baudelle

Saint-Baudelle is a commune of 1,005 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Berthevin

Saint-Berthevin is a commune of 6,909 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière

Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière is a commune of 384 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Brice, Mayenne

Saint-Brice is a commune in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Calais-du-Désert

Saint-Calais-du-Désert is a commune of 318 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Céneré

Saint-Céneré is a former commune of 459 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Deux-Évailles, Montourtier and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

Saint-Charles-la-Forêt

Saint-Charles-la-Forêt is a commune of 190 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Christophe-du-Luat

Saint-Christophe-du-Luat is a former commune of 553 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Évron.

Saint-Cyr-en-Pail

Saint-Cyr-en-Pail is a commune of 441 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais

Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais is a commune of 474 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-d'Anjou

Saint-Denis-d'Anjou is a commune of 1,337 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-de-Gastines

Saint-Denis-de-Gastines is a commune of 1,683 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-du-Maine

Saint-Denis-du-Maine is a commune of 307 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Sainte-Gemmes-le-Robert

Sainte-Gemmes-le-Robert is a commune of 930 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ellier-du-Maine

Saint-Ellier-du-Maine is a commune of 465 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Sainte-Marie-du-Bois, Mayenne

Sainte-Marie-du-Bois is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. 210 people lived there in 1999.

Saint-Erblon, Mayenne

Saint-Erblon is a commune of 166 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Sainte-Suzanne, Mayenne

Sainte-Suzanne is a former commune of 1,020 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sainte-Suzanne-et-Chammes.

Saint-Fort

Saint-Fort is a former commune of 1,571 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne.

Saint-Fraimbault-de-Prières

Saint-Fraimbault-de-Prières is a commune of 904 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Georges-Buttavent

Saint-Georges-Buttavent is a commune of 1,391 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard

Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard is a commune of 288 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Georges-sur-Erve

Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Germain-d'Anxure

Saint-Germain-d'Anxure is a commune of 274 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Germain-de-Coulamer

Saint-Germain-de-Coulamer is a commune of 393 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux

Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux is a commune of 670 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume

Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume is a commune of 410 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine

Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine is a commune of 664 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Jean-sur-Erve

Saint-Jean-sur-Erve is a former commune of 489 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Blandouet-Saint Jean.

Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne

Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1,196 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Julien-du-Terroux

Saint-Julien-du-Terroux is a commune of 232 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers

Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers is a former commune of 188 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Saint-Léger, Mayenne

Saint-Léger is a commune of 231 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Loup-du-Dorat

Saint-Loup-du-Dorat is a commune of 335 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Loup-du-Gast

Saint-Loup-du-Gast is a commune of 305 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Mars-du-Désert, Mayenne

Saint-Mars-du-Désert is a commune of 169 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont

Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune of 435 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie

Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie is a commune of 623 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Saint-Martin-de-Connée

Saint-Martin-de-Connée is a former commune of 420 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2021, it was merged into the new commune of Vimartin-sur-Orthe.

Saint-Martin-du-Limet

Saint-Martin-du-Limet is a commune of 493 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Michel-de-Feins

Saint-Michel-de-Feins is a former commune of 136 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Saint-Michel-de-la-Roë

Saint-Michel-de-la-Roë is a commune of 210 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouën-des-Toits

Saint-Ouën-des-Toits is a commune of 1,435 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons

Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons is a former commune of 174 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré, Deux-Évailles and Montourtier, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

Saint-Pierre-des-Landes

Saint-Pierre-des-Landes is a commune of 946 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-des-Nids

Saint-Pierre-des-Nids is a commune of 1,712 people (1999). It is to be found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-la-Cour

Saint-Pierre-la-Cour is a commune of 1,838 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve

Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve is a commune of 138 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe

Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe is a former commune of 531 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2021, it was merged into the new commune of Vimartin-sur-Orthe.

Saint-Poix

Saint-Poix is a commune of 393 people (2007). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Quentin-les-Anges

Saint-Quentin-les-Anges is a commune of 376 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Samson, Mayenne

Saint-Samson is a former commune of 334 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Pré-en-Pail-Saint-Samson.

Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet

Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune of 546 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Sulpice, Mayenne

Saint-Sulpice is a former commune of 188 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of La Roche-Neuville.

Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers

Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers is a commune of 246 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saulges

Saulges is a commune of 328 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. In Saulges, there is also a prehistoric canyon which is 1.8 million years old and 20 different prehistoric caves.

La Selle-Craonnaise

La Selle-Craonnaise is a commune of 882 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Senonnes

Senonnes is a commune of 325 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Simplé

Simplé is a commune of 256 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Soucé

Soucé is a commune of 180 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Soulgé-sur-Ouette

Soulgé-sur-Ouette is a commune of 1,073 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Thorigné-en-Charnie

Thorigné-en-Charnie is a commune of 162 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Thubœuf

Thubœuf is a commune of 231 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Torcé-Viviers-en-Charnie

Torcé-Viviers-en-Charnie is a commune of 737 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Trans, Mayenne

Trans is a commune of 238 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Vaiges

Vaiges is a commune of 1,151 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Vautorte

Vautorte is a commune of 573 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Vieuvy

Vieuvy is a commune of 115 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Villaines-la-Juhel

Villaines-la-Juhel is a commune of 3,179 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Villepail

Villepail is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Villiers-Charlemagne

Villiers-Charlemagne is a commune of 959 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Vimarcé

Vimarcé is a former commune of 236 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2021, it was merged into the new commune of Vimartin-sur-Orthe.

Voutré

Voutré is a commune of 821 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Walt Walsh

Walter William Walsh (April 30, 1897 to January 15, 1966) was a Major League Baseball player. Walsh only played two games, never getting an at-bat for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1920. He was used as a pinch runner in the two games he played. Walsh was born in Newark, New Jersey and died in Avon-by-the-Sea, New Jersey

Middle Franconia

Middle Franconia (, ; Main-Franconian: "Middlfrangng") is a government region in the Free State of Bavaria. The seat of government is Ansbach. In the area of this region are the cities Nuremberg, Fürth, Erlangen.

This shows the cities and districts "(Landkreis)" of Middle Franconia.



Orne

The Orne (61) is a department in France. It is in the Normandy region. Its prefecture is Alençon and its sub-prefectures are Argentan and Mortagne-au-Perche. The department's name comes from the river Orne which flows through it.
The Orne was one of the original 83 departments created in 1790.

The department borders several other departments:

There is also a 105,000 ha forest called forêt des Andaines (Andaines Forest).

The Orne is famous for its:

It is also known to be famous for its trotting horses.

"(A château is a castle in French)"

Carly Colón

Carlos Edwin Colón Coates Jr. (born February 21, 1979) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name Carlito. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand. He is a member of the Latino World Order. 

Carlito became famous in his first run with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he won the Intercontinental Championship, the United States Championship and the World Tag Team Championship and WWE Tag Team Championship with his brother Primo. Colon was released by the WWE on 21 May 2010. Since then, he has wrestled on the independent circuit. He returned to WWE full-time at Fastlane in October 2023.


NBA All-Star Game

The NBA All-Star Game is an NBA game in which the best players in the Eastern Conference play with the best players in the Western Conference. The first game started on March 2, 1951 at the Boston Garden. The game is played differently than a normal basketball game, but stick to normal NBA rules.

National Hockey League All-Star Game

The National Hockey League All-Star Game is an exhibition ice hockey game that traditionally marks the midway point of the National Hockey League's regular season.


Biblical manuscript

A Biblical manuscript is any handwritten copy of a portion of the text of the Bible. They vary in size from tiny scrolls containing individual verses of the Jewish scriptures to huge polyglot codices containing both the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and the New Testament, as well as other works.

The Aleppo Codex ("c." 920 AD) and Leningrad Codex ("c." 1008 AD) were the oldest Hebrew language manuscripts of the Tanakh. The 1947 find at Qumran of the Dead Sea scrolls pushed the manuscript history of the Tanakh back a millennium from the two earliest complete codices. Before this discovery, the earliest extant manuscripts of the Old Testament were in Greek in manuscripts such as Codex Vaticanus and Codex Sinaiticus. Out of the roughly 800 manuscripts found at Qumran, 220 are from the Tanakh. Every book of the Tanakh is represented except for the Book of Esther; however, most are fragmentary. Notably, there are two scrolls of the Book of Isaiah, one complete (1QIs), and one around 75% complete (1QIs). These manuscripts generally date between 150 BC to 70 AD.

Ancient Jewish scribes developed many practices to protect copies of their scriptures from error.

Parts of the New Testament have been preserved in more manuscripts than any other ancient work. There are over 5,800 complete or fragmented Greek manuscripts, 10,000 Latin manuscripts and 9,300 manuscripts in various other ancient languages, such as Syriac, Slavic, Gothic, Ethiopic, Coptic and Armenian. 

The dates of these manuscripts range from about 125 AD (the Ryland manuscript, P; containing fragments of the oldest copy of John) to the introduction of printing in Germany in the 15th century. Most of these manuscripts date after the 10th century. Although there are more manuscripts that preserve the New Testament than there are for any other ancient writing, the text preserved in these later, numerous manuscripts may not be the same as the text as it existed in antiquity. 

Textual scholar Bart Ehrman wrote: 

In reference to the textual evidence for the New Testament, Bruce M. Metzger wrote, 

Every year, several New Testament manuscripts handwritten in the original Greek format are discovered. 


Districts of England

The districts of England are a level of subdivisions of England used for the purposes of local government. The first local government districts were created in 1894 by the Local Government Act 1894 which created urban districts and rural districts as sub-divisions of counties (which had been created in 1889). Another reform in 1899 created 28 metropolitan boroughs as sub-divisions of the County of London.

There are 36 metropolitan districts, 32 London boroughs, 238 non-metropolitan districts, 46 unitary authorities, the Isles of Scilly, and the City of London, making a total of 354 district-level authorities.

Jug band

A jug band is a band that has a jug player and a variety of home-made instruments. These home-made instruments could be ordinary objects adapted to or created to make sound, like the washtub bass, washboard, spoons, stovepipe, and comb and tissue paper (kazoo). The Memphis Jug Band was a famous band from the 1920s to the 1950s.


Steve Carell

Steven John "Steve" Carell (born August 16, 1962) is an American actor and comedian. His father is of Italian and German descent, and his mother was of Polish ancestry. Carell is best known for his comedic work as Michael Scott in "The Office" and "The Daily Show". 

He played Andy Stitzer in "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", Gru in "Despicable Me" and "Despicable Me 2" and John Eleuthère du Pont in "Foxcatcher". He has appeared on "Saturday Night Live".

He starred as Donald Rumsfeld in the 2018 comedy "Vice". In 2020, he starred as General Mark R. Naird in the Netflix sitcom "Space Force".

Qutb ud-Din Aibak

Quṭb al-Dīn Aibak also spelled Quṭb ud-Dīn Aibak or Qutub ud-Din Aybak, (1150–1210), was the founder of the Mamluk Dynasty in Delhi and the first sultan of the Delhi Sultanate. He was born at Turk in the Aybak tribe and was the sultan for only four years, 1206-1210.

Qutub-ud-din Aibak was born to a Turk family in Central Asia. He was sold as a slave in his childhood. But this went well because he was brought up by the chief Qazi of Nishapur, a town in northeastern Iran. He was treated like one of the sons of this Qazi and was given a good education, including training in archery and horsemanship. However when the master died, his jealous sons sold Qutub-ud-din Aibak to a slave master.

Qutub-ud-din Aibak was finally purchased by the ruler of Ghor in central Afghanistan, Sultan Muhammad Ghori. Qutub-ud-din Aibak gradually rose to the rank of a Commander and became a trusted slave of Sultan Ghori. The conquests of northern India were executed mainly by Qutub-ud-din Aibak, which helped Ghori to consolidate his position there. Gradually, as Sultan Ghori concentrated on Central Asia after 1192, he was given the independent charge of the conquests in India. In India, Qutub-ud-din Aibak is infamous for massive destruction and plunder of several Hindu temples, whose wealth he looted away. His lieutenant, Bhakthiar Khilji, following in his master's footsteps ravaged the famous university of Nalanda, killing all the monks and scholars there, as well as burning the huge library down. It is said that the fires raged for 3 months, such was the voluminous material being burnt.

Muhammad Ghori established himself as strong ruler with his empire extending over Afghanistan, Pakistan, and northern India. Qutb-ud-din Aibak crowned himself the Sultan of Delhi in 1206, when Muhammad Ghori was killed on the battlefield. After his death, when Aibak came to the throne, he ruled over those places where he was appointed as the local receiver-general of Sultan Ghori. Despite the rebellions by nobles like Taj-ud-din Ildiz and Nasir-ud-din Qubachah, he strengthened the administrative system, which had been established by ghori

Though Qutb-ud-din Aibak started the construction of the Quwwat-ul-Islam mosque which was among the earliest Muslim monuments in Delhi, he could not complete them. These architectures were later completed by his successor Shamsuddin iltumishs. He started building the "Adhai Din Ka Jhopra" (meaning "Shed of 2 and half days"), a mosque in the Ajmer city of Rajasthan, India. It was commissioned by Qutb-ud-Din-Aibak, on orders of Muhammad Ghori, in 1192 CE. It was completed in 1199 CE, and further beautified by Iltutmish of Delhi in 1213 CE.
He constructed many other architecture.

In 1210, Qutb-ud-din Aibak died in an unexpected manner, while playing polo.

He was buried in Lahore near the Anarkali Bazaar. He was succeeded by Shamsuddin Iltutmish, another slave who rose to the level of a Sultan, thus extending the Slave/Mamluk Dynasty. He wasn't interested in expanding his territory instead wanted to settle problems in his present empire.


Muhammad of Ghor

Mu'izz ad-Din Muhammad Ghori () (1149 – March 15, 1206) was sultan of the Ghurid Empire. He ruled from 1173 to 1202 along with his brother Ghiyath ad-Din Muhammad. He also ruled from 1202 to 1206. He was known as Muhammad of Ghor. His birth name was Shihab ad-Din.

Mu'izz ad-Din was one of greatest ruler of the Ghurid dynasty. He is also known as founder of Muslim rule in Indian subcontinent. He ruled over a large part of subcontinent, which is now part of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Iran, north India, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and southern Kazakhstan.

In 1173 Mu'izz ad-Din took the city of Ghazni from Mahmud of Ghazni which he did to avenge the death of his ancestor Muhammad ibn Suri. He used this city as a base for expansion into northern India. In the meantime, he helped his brother Ghiyath to win over Khwarazmian Empire for the lordship of Khorasan in Western Asia. In 1175, Mu'izz captured Multan from the Ismailis, which were a branch of the Shia Muslims, and also took Uch in 1175. He also occupied the Ghaznavid principality of Lahore in 1186, which was the last place of safety of his Persianized enemies. After the death of Ghiyath in 1202, he became the successor of the Ghurid Empire and ruled until his assassination near Jhelum by Ismaili assassins in 1206.

After struggle among the remaining Ghuri leaders, Khwarizmi took over the Ghurid Sultanate in about 1215. Though the Ghurid's empire was short, and after them Timurids took over the Ghurid empire. Mu'izz's laid the foundations of Muslim rule in India. Qutbu l-Din Aibak, a former slave (Mamluk) of Mu'izz, was the first Sultan of Delhi.

Mu'izz ad-Din Muhammad was born in 1149 in the Ghor region, which is now Afghanistan. The exact date of his birth is unknown. His father, Baha al-Din Sam I, was the local ruler of the Ghor region at that time. Mu'izz also had an elder brother named Ghiyath al-Din Muhammad. During their early life, Mu'izz and Ghiyath were imprisoned by their uncle Ala al-Din Husayn, but were later released by their uncle's son Sayf al-Din Muhammad. When Sayf died in 1163, the Ghurid nobles supported Ghiyath as their leader, and helped him to took over the throne. Ghiyath shortly gave Mu'izz control over Istiyan and Kajuran. However, the throne was challenged by many Ghurid chiefs during which Mu'izz helped his brother Ghiyath in defeating and killing a rival Ghurid chief named Abu'l Abbas.

Vince Vaughn

Vincent Anthony "Vince" Vaughn (born March 28, 1970) is an American movie actor. 

Owen Wilson

Owen Cunningham Wilson (born November 18, 1968) is an Academy Award-nominated American actor, comedian, producer and professional pornstar.

Wilson was born in Dallas, to photographer Laura (Cunningham) Wilson and Robert Andrew Wilson. He has an older brother, Andrew, and a younger brother, Luke. Both brothers are also involved in movie making.

Wilson went to the University of Texas at Austin. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in English.

The Sheryl Crow album "C'mon C'mon" has the song "Safe and Sound". The liner notes say it is about Wilson and Crow's relationship.

On August 26, 2007, Wilson was taken to St. John's Health Center. It was reported as a suicide attempt. He was later moved to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. His lawyer later said that Wilson had depression. A few days later, Wilson withdrew from starring in "Tropic Thunder".

He dated Kate Hudson in 2006. The pair broke up. It was widely reported that he tried to commit suicide in 2007 after the relationship with Hudson ended. In 2008, it was reported the pair were to marry. However the two would again break up and make up a number of times over 2008 and 2009.

On January 10, 2011, Wilson's representative said that Wilson and his girlfriend, Jade Duell, were expecting a baby. Just four days later, on January 14, it was Duell gave birth in Hawaii to a baby boy, Robert Ford Wilson.

Wilson is a fan of several Dallas-area professional sports teams. He has been spotted at Dallas Cowboys, Dallas Mavericks and Texas Rangers games. He is also a supporter of the English football team Chelsea F.C..

Wilson's bumped nose is because he broke it twice. Once was during a high school fight, and once playing football with friends.

Luke Wilson

Luke Cunningham Wilson (born September 21, 1971) is an American movie actor.

Seth Rogen

Seth Aaron Rogen (born April 15, 1982) is a Canadian actor, comedian, director, producer, and writer.

Rogen was born on April 15, 1982, in Vancouver, British Columbia. His parents are Sandy Belogus and Mark Rogen.

Rogen stated comedians like Kevin Smith, Judd Apatow, John Belushi and Adam Sandler as influences.

John C. Reilly

John Christopher Reilly (born May 24, 1965) is an Academy Award- and two-time Golden Globe-nominated American actor, comedian, singer and writer.

Rainn Wilson

Rainn Dietrich Wilson (born January 20, 1966) is an Emmy-nominated and Screen Actors Guild Award-winning American actor. He is known for his roles as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American television sitcom "The Office".

Wilson follows the Bahá'í Faith, and has spoken publicly about other Bahá'ís who have been punished in Iran for being Bahá'ís.

The Office (American TV series)

The Office is an Emmy and Peabody Award-winning American television sitcom airing on National Broadcasting Company (NBC) and developed by Greg Daniels. It is an American adaptation of the BBC series with the same name. It is set in Scranton, Pennsylvania.


Kevin James

Kevin George Knipfing (born April 26, 1965), known professionally as Kevin James, is an American comedian and Emmy Award-nominated actor. He is known for his portrayal of lead character Doug Heffernan on the television sitcom "The King Of Queens", and Eric Lamonsoff in "Grown Ups" and "Grown Ups 2".

Mark Hamill

Mark Richard Hamill (born September 25, 1951) is an American actor and writer. He is known for his portrayal of Luke Skywalker in the original "Star Wars" trilogy (1977–1983), the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy (2015–2019), and for voicing The Joker in almost all animated Batman television series or animated movies.

Hamill has gained a reputation as a voice actor. He first did voice acting work in the early 1970s voicing the character Corey Anders on the Saturday morning cartoon "Jeannie" by Hanna-Barbera Productions. He later played Sean in the Ralph Bakshi film "Wizards", which was released just three months before "Star Wars" in 1977. In addition Hamill has also provided the voice for Fire Lord Ozai in , and Chanukah Zombie on Futurama. He also provided the voice of Chucky in the 2019 reboot of the franchise.

Hamill is the co-writer of "The Black Pearl", a comic book miniseries published by Dark Horse Comics. He wrote an introduction to the Trade Paperback "Batman: Riddler Two-Face" which reprints various stories involving The Riddler and Two-Face to tie in with "Batman Forever". He has also written several stories for "Simpsons Comics", including "Catastrophe in Substitute Springfields!", which parodies DC's "Crisis on Infinite Earths" and also references several other classic comics.

Hamill directed and starred in the 2004 direct-to-DVD "". A comic book fan who attended science fiction and comic conventions before he became famous, Hamill stated that his character was based on an exaggerated version of himself. He and his crew shot most of the mockumentary film during the 2002 San Diego Comic-Con, and enlisted Stan Lee, Kevin Smith, Bruce Campbell and Hugh Hefner in small roles. The movie won an award for Best Live-Action DVD Premiere Movie at the 2005 DVD Exclusive Awards.

Hamill married dentist Marilou York in a private civil ceremony on December 17, 1978. They have three children together: Nathan (born September 25, 1979), Griffin (born March 4, 1983), and Chelsea Elizabeth (born July 27, 1988) On January 11, 1977, Hamill was in a car accident in which he fractured his nose and left cheekbone, requiring seven hours of surgery. According to Hamill in a recorded interview, he was driving his BMW on a freeway and became distracted, and seeing that he was missing his offramp, tried to negotiate four lanes of traffic (some real scars from the crash made an appearance in "The Empire Strikes Back").


List of cities in France

Listed are all the major cities in France (population 20,000+)

Whitey Wistert

Francis Michael "Whitey" Wistert (born February 20, 1912 in Chicago, Illinois, died April 23, 1985 in Painesville, Ohio) was an American football and baseball player. He played college football for the University of Michigan Wolverines. He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame after he was elected to it in 1967. He and his two brothers are three of the seven players who have had their uniform numbers retired by Michigan Wolverines football. While at college, Wistert helped Michigan win the Big Ten Conference football championship in 1931, 1932, and 1933. He was also Big Ten Most Valuable Player in college baseball. He later played for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball.

Wistert graduated from Chicago's Schurz High School in 1929. He attended the University of Michigan where he was an athlete in both football and baseball in 1931, 1932, and 1933.

Wistert played for the Michigan Wolverines before his two brothers, Al Wistert and Alvin Wistert, did. All three Wistert brothers wore the number 11 for the Wolverines football team, and all three were members of the College Football All-America team, which is the best players through all of the United States. When interviewed by the "Detroit News" in 2004, brother Alvin Wistert said, "And if I'm not mistaken I think this is unprecedented in the of college football: that three brothers all would go to the same school, all played football. All played tackle, all wore the same number 11, all made All-American. Two of us played on four national championship teams. They all made it into the College Football Hall of Fame."

The Wistert brothers grew up on the northwest side of Chicago and were the sons of a Lithuanian family. Their father was a Spanish-American War veteran, who later died while working for the Chicago Police Department. Brother Alvin Wistert said that their father, "was born Casmir Vistertus and he Anglicized it when he came to America to Wistert."

The story of the Wistert brothers at Michigan began when Whitey's Carl Schurz High School school-mate John Kowalik was invited to visit the University of Michigan. At the time, Whitey Wistert "was working in a factory building "Majestic radios"." Kowalik took Whitey with him on his visit Ann Arbor, Michigan, and Alvin Wistert later said, "that's how it started: the Wisterts of Michigan."

As a football player, Wistert played for National Championship teams that never lost a game in 1932 and 1933 and was a chosen All-American in 1933. The 1934 University of Michigan yearbook, the "Michiganensian", had this to say by Grantland Rice: "Wistert was unanimously selected as the best tackle in the Middle-West this year. He was an important part of Michigan's defensive line play. He was a very good tackler and it was nearly impossible to fool him on trick plays. He was keen, quick, and accurate in finding out how a play would happen." Wistert and Chuck Bernard were the leaders of the 1933 offensive line when the team went 7-0-1 with a tie to the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers.

One of Wistert's teammates on the 1932 and 1933 Michigan football teams was Gerald Ford who later became the U.S. President. In an interview in the February 1974 copy of "Michigan Alumnus", Wistert said about Ford: "He was a real good competitor—a real bulldog type. Even during a losing year, he was voted team Most Valuable Player by his teammates, because they believed he was someone who could stay and fight even when they lose." In 1936, he was a member Michigan football coaching staff of Coach Harry Kipke.

Wistert earned varsity letters in baseball three years. He was chosen as the Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten Conference in 1934. The 1934 "Michiganensian" yearbook wrote that the final game of the baseball season was a 4–0 shutout by Wistert against the University of Chicago Maroon. It wrote, "Wistert, for the Wolves, allowed only five well- hits during the game. Although Whitey Wistert walked four men, he more than off-set this by striking out nine of the Maroons to face him." Wistert also allowed, as the pitcher, Ohio State four hits in a game.

Wistert, still being a minor league baseball player, played for a short while in Major League Baseball, playing in three games for the Cincinnati Reds between September 11, 1934 and September 25, 1934. In two times he pitched, Wistert let only one run in eight innings, for a career earned run average of 1.13. Though, in the three times he batted, he went did not hit the ball, so he struck out twice. Although he only played for a short while in Major League Baseball, Wistert played five years of professional baseball. Fellow 1933 Michigan Wolverines football All-American, Ted Petoskey also debuted for the Reds in September 1934.

Wistert became part of the College Football Hall of Fame in 1967, one year before his brother Albert did so. In 1981, he was named to the University of Michigan Hall of Honor in the fourth class of Hall of Fame joiners with his brothers. Only five other Michigan football players earned this honor before him.

Wistert became a New York lawyer after he retired from sports. He went on to become a vice president of an industrial relations in Toledo, Ohio. He was United States Navy lieutenant in World War II.


Brest, France

Brest is a town in France. It is in the Finistère department and the Brittany region. Its population in 1999 was around 150,000. Even if it is by far the largest town in Finistère it is not the prefecture (Quimper is).

Brest is twinned with:




St John's Innovation Centre

St John's Innovation Centre (SJIC) is a famous company which helps small companies to grow. It is in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England. It was started in 1987 in St John’s College, Cambridge, near the Cambridge Science Park. 


St John's College, Cambridge

St John's College is a college of the University of Cambridge. It was started by Lady Margaret Beaufort in 1511. It is geographically one of the largest colleges of the University of Cambridge, and the third largest in terms of its membership. It is the second richest of all the Oxbridge colleges. The college is also known for its famous choir.


Cambridge Science Park

The Cambridge Science Park is a group of science and technology-related businesses started by Trinity College, Cambridge in 1970. It is the oldest science park in the United Kingdom. It has many science and technology related businesses, and has strong links with the nearby University of Cambridge.


Lauterpacht Centre for International Law

The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law (LCIL) at the Faculty of Law, Cambridge, England, was founded in 1985 by Sir Elihu Lauterpacht under the name The Research Centre for International Law. It was renamed in 1997 “to honour the achievements of his father Sir Hersch Lauterpacht and himself”. The purpose of the centre is to "promote international law by a combination of individual and group research”. The centre is currently directed by Professor James Crawford SC, FBA.


Hersch Lauterpacht

Sir Hersch Lauterpacht (16 August 1897 in Zółkiew, Austria-Hungary (nowadays Schowkwa in Ukraine) – 8 May 1960 in London) was an Austrian-born British jurist of Jewish descent. He was a legal scholar, specialized in international law and a philosopher of law, and also a judge and a lawyer.
Lauterpacht was born in Austrian Galicia, which became Polish after World War I. He studied in Lemberg and in Vienna. During this time he was the first president of the World Federation of Jewish Students. He moved to the United Kingdom in 1923, where he studied at the London School of Economics. He became a British citizen in 1931. 

He lectured at several British universities like the London School of Economics, the University of London, and the University of Cambridge.

Lauterpacht was a member of the United Nations' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954, and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960. The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom is named after him. His son Elihu Lauterpacht started the center and was its first director.

 

Painesville, Ohio

Painesville is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States, along the Grand River.

College Football Hall of Fame

The College Football Hall of Fame is a hall of fame and museum for college football. It is in downtown Atlanta, GA in the United States.

The people in the College Football Hall of Fame (also called Inductees) include:

Solid mechanics

Solid mechanics is the branch of mechanics, physics, and mathematics that concerns itself with how solid matter under external actions works (such as external forces, temperature changes, applied displacements, etc.). It is part of a larger study known as continuum mechanics. One of the most common practical applications of solid mechanics is the Euler-Bernoulli beam equation.

Chicago Police Department

The Chicago Police Department, also known as Chicago P.D. (In Reference to the NBC TV Show ("Chicago P.D,")) and the CPD, is the main law enforcement agency of the City of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States, under the jurisdiction of the city mayor. It is the largest police department in the Midwest and the second largest in the United States after the New York City Police Department with over 13,700 Sworn Uniformed Police Personnel and over 2,700 Civilian Members. Dating back to 1837, the Chicago Police Department is one of the oldest modern police forces in the world.

Lady Margaret Beaufort

Lady Margaret Beaufort (May 31, 1443 – June 29, 1509), of the House of Lancaster, was the mother of King Henry VII of England, and grandmother of Henry VIII. She was an important figure in the Wars of the Roses. Lady Margaret Hall, a college of the University of Oxford, is named after her.



Chicago Tribune Silver Football

The Chicago Tribune Silver Football is awarded by the "Chicago Tribune" to the college football player chosen to be the Most Valuable Player of the Big Ten Conference. 


Science park

A science park is a property designed and used for supporting high tech, science, or research related businesses. Science parks are found all over the world, but they mostly exist in developed countries. Over 140 are found in North America alone. 


Oxbridge

Oxbridge is a word that is used to mean the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge in England. It used to mean a fictional mix of the two universities, but now refers to both in real life. 

The word 'Oxbridge' started because the two universities are very similar:

The competition between Oxford and Cambridge also has a long history, dating back to the days when Cambridge was founded by unsatisfied scholars from Oxford.


Nîmes

Nîmes is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Gard department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Nîmes dates back to Ancient Rome.

Nîmes was an important Roman town. Many sites have been discovered, including:

The town was supplied with water by the Pont du Gard.

Nîmes is twinned with:

Lieutenant

A Lieutenant is an officers rank in the military, police and fire departments. It is an entry level supervisory position. The word comes from the French language. Lieu means "place" and tenant means "holding". A lieutenant is someone who takes the place of a superior when that person is not available. It can also mean a deputy position to assist someone else to carry out their job. 

In many military organizations, a lieutenant is an entry level commissioned officer's rank. Generally, but not always, it is divided into two levels. 

A second lieutanant (2LT) (2ndLt) (2d Lt) (O1) is the lower rank of lieutanant. A second lieutenant is addressed as "lieutenant" the same as a first lieutenant. In the United States Army, for example, a second lieutenant leads a platoon made up of two or more squads or about 16 to 44 soldiers. In this capacity he or she functions as a platoon leader or commander. The length of time an officer can hold the rank of second lieutenant is different in different services. For example, in the British Army it may be held for up to 2 years.
A first lieutenant (1LT) (1stLt) (1st Lt) (O2) is the senior rank of lieutenant. A first lieutenant is also addressed as "lieutenant". In the army, a first lieutenant often functions as the executive officer of a Company (military unit). A company may have from 110 to 140 personnel. In the British Army, an officer may hold this rank for up to three years.

There is great variation in the insignia used worldwide. In most English-speaking and Arabic-speaking countries, as well as a number of European and South American nations, full lieutenants (and equivalents) usually wear two stars (pips) and second lieutenants (and equivalents) one. An example of an exception is the United States, whose armed forces distinguish their lieutenant ranks with one silver bar for first lieutenant and one gold (brass) bar for second lieutenant.
In many Navies including the United States Navy, a lieutenant is the equivalent rank to an army captain and a lieutenant (junior grade) is the same as an army first lieutenant. The equivalent to a second lieutenant is the naval rank of ensign.



Trinity College, Cambridge

Trinity College is a college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England. Trinity has more students than any other college in Cambridge or Oxford. It is also the wealthiest Oxbridge college. It owns the O2 Arena. It is one of the three royal colleges.

Trinity College was formed by King Henry VIII in 1564 when two colleges merged together. These two colleges were Michaelhouse, which had been formed by Hervey de Stanton in 1324, and King's Hall, which had been formed by King Edward II in 1317 and formed again in 1337 by King Edward III.

Two members of the British royal family and six British prime ministers have studied at Trinity College.

Of the 90 people from Cambridge who have won Nobel prizes, 32 were from Trinity College.

Famous people who have studied there include Isaac Newton (who went there in 1661), Charles III and Ludwig Wittgenstein.

The first time that the rules of association football were written down was at Trinity in 1848.

Trinity College's Wren Library is the biggest library at Cambridge. It has around 300,000 books and is open to the public.


Al Wistert

Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert (December 28, 1920 – March 5, 2016) was a former All-Pro American football player. He played college football at the University of Michigan with the Wolverines. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

He played in the National Football League for the Phil-Pitt Steagles in 1943 and the Philadelphia Eagles from 1944 to 1951. He is named on the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll.

He has his college jersey #11 retired at the University of Michigan and his NFL jersey #70 retired by the Philadelphia Eagles. Outside of football he has become a successful life insurance salesman which he had for 40 years. He was married to his wife Ellie for 61 years before her death and he has three daughters and three grandchildren.

Wistert died on March 5, 2016 in Grants Pass, Oregon. He was aged 95.

Alvin Wistert

Alvin "Moose" Wistert (June 26, 1916 – October 3, 2005) was an American Football player.

The Detroit News

The Detroit News is one of the two major newspapers in the U.S. city of Detroit, Michigan.

Veteran

A veteran (from the Latin word "vetus", meaning "old") is a person who has a long experience in something. The term is most often used to describe people who were in the armed forces, especially those who had to fight in a war.

The Royal British Legion began in 1921 after the First World War.

At the end of the American Revolution Army and Navy Officers formed the Society of the Cincinnati. After the US Civil War Veterans from the opposing sides formed their own associations:


After the Spanish-American War of 1898 Veterans formed an associations which still exists, called the Veterans of Foreign Wars. After World War I veterans formed the American Legion

There is also the:

Besançon

Besançon is a city in France. It was the capital of the former Free County ("Franche-Comté") region. It is the prefecture of the Doubs department. Its population is around 117,600 (2008).
Besançon is an old city. It is discovered in 58 BC and Julius Caesar writes about it in his book Commentarii de Bello Gallico where it is called "Vesontio". The etymology (origin of the word) is not certain. It could have a Celtic origin. The Celtic word "wes" means mountain. In the 4th century, the letter B became V. The city name changed to "Besontio" or "Bisontion". It became Besançon in 1243. In 1871 the city is going through a revolutionary period, known as Besançon Commune.

The city has a Renaissance citadel. It was later used by the Nazis during World War II.

Besançon has an oceanic climate and a continental climate. The average temperature is 10.2 °C (50 °F). The warmest month of the year is July (18.9 °C or 66 °F) and the coldest month is January (1.6 °C or 35 °F). Besançon receives about 1108 mm (44 inches) of precipitation per year. The wettest month is May (111.4 mm or 4.4 in); the driest is July (80.5 mm or 3.2 in). The highest temperature ever, recorded on 31 July 1983, was 38.8 °C (101.8 °F), and the lowest was a −20.7 °C (−5.3 °F) reached on 1 January 1985.


Besançon is twinned with:

Hunter Valley

The Hunter Valley is an area of New South Wales, Australia. The Hunter River flows through the valley. The Hunter Valley is one of the largest river valleys on the NSW coast. It is known for its wineries and coal mines. It is about to and less than 2 hours drive from north of Sydney, Australia. About 590,000 people live in the valley. More than half of the people live in the coastal cities of Newcastle and Lake Macquarie. There are also other towns and villages across the valley. There are 11 Local Government Areas that look after the area. These eleven LGAs are:


Notes

Mulhouse

Mulhouse is a commune in Alsace in north-eastern France, in the Haut-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

The "commune" is in the historical and cultural region of Alsace, close to the Swiss and German borders.

Mulhouse dates back to the XIIth century.
Medieval Mulhouse consists of an upper and a lower town.

Mulhouse is in the southern part of the plain of Alsace in the Haut-Rhin department. Two rivers run through Mulhouse, the Doller and the Ill, both tributaries of the Rhine.

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Mulhouse to other cities are:

The "commune" of Mulhouse is surrounded by the "communes" Riedisheim, Rixheim, Morschwiller-le-Bas and Pfastatt.

The area around Mulhouse, at an altitude of about , is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Strasbourg is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Mulhouse is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Mulhouse is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Mulhouse are known, in French, as "Mulhousiens" (women: "Mulhousiennes").

With a population of 111,167, Mulhouse has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Mulhouse

Mulhouse forms, together with 19 other "communes", the urban area of Mulhouse with a population of 246,693 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Mulhouse, formed by 60 "communes" with a population of 285,603 inhabitants and an area of .

Mulhouse is a subprefecture of the Haut-Rhin department since 1857. It is the capital of the Mulhouse "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of 3 cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Mulhouse Alsace Agglomération".

Mulhouse is twinned with:



Boulogne-Billancourt

Boulogne-Billancourt (often called Boulogne or Boulbi) is a town in the western suburbs of Paris in France. Boulogne-Billancourt is a sub-prefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine département. It is in the Île-de-France region. Its population is around 106,000. Its land area is 6.17 km². Its population density is 17,877/km².

Boulogne-Billancourt is one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe. Several major communication companies headquarters are in Boulbi. The hospital Ambroise-Paré Hospital is in the city and one campus of the École supérieure des sciences commerciales d'Angers.

Perpignan

Perpignan () is a city in the south of France. It is also a commune and the capital of the Pyrénées-Orientales department. Perpignan was the capital of the old province and county of Roussillon ("Rosselló" in Catalan) and continental capital of the Kingdom of Majorca in the 13th and 14th centuries.

Perpignan was named, from 2001, as a "City of Art and History" () by the French Ministry of Culture and Communication.

Perpignan is mentioned in a document from 927 as "Villa Perpinianum". Later, there are other, but similar, names:

In Catalan, the regional language of the Pyrénées-Orientales, the name of the city is "".

The medieval town of Perpignan seems to have been founded around the beginning of the 10th century (first mentioned in a document as "villa Perpinianum" in 927). Soon Perpignan became the capital of the County of Roussillon. The last Count of Rossillon, Girard II, gave his lands in 1172 to the King of Aragón and Count of Barcelona.

Perpignan was made a partly self-governing commune in 1197. The French king Louis IX gave the Roussillon to the Kingdom of Aragón by the Treaty of Corbeil (1258).
When James I the Conqueror, king of Aragon and count of Barcelona, founded in 1229 the Kingdom of Majorca, Perpignan became the capital of the territory on the mainland. This continued from 1278 to 1344. The "Castle of the Kings of Majorca" () was built during this period. The different parts of the kingdom were the Balearic Islands, Northern Catalonia (Roussillon and Cerdagne) and the coastal area of Montpellier.

This period is considered the golden age in the history of the city. Perpignan became an important center of cloth industry, leather and goldsmiths' and other crafts.

In 1344 Peter IV of Aragon took the Kingdom of Majorca and Perpignan once more became part of the County of Barcelona. A few years later Perpignan lost approximately half of its population to the Black Death. Perpignan was attacked and occupied by Louis XI of France in 1463, but in 1493 Charles VIII of France gave it back to Ferdinand II of Aragon.

Again Perpignan was taken by the French during the Thirty Years' War in September 1642. Perpignan was finally given by Spain to France, and from then on it is part of France.
The coat of arms of Perpignan shows, as is the case in other cities in the region, the patron saint of the city. Here St John the Baptist is represented in front of the Catalan colours (yellow and red) with a lamb and a Christian cross in his hands, and walking above water.

Perpignan is at the centre of Roussillon, an old province organized around an agricultural plain. The city is at approximately from the Mediterranean Sea and about from the Pyrenees mountain range.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Perpignan is in the valley of the Têt river, in the Roussillon plain which is bordered to the south by the Pyrenees, to the west by the region of Corbières and to the east by the Mediterranean Sea. The old city is on the right side of the Têt river, where the small river La Basse joins the Têt.

It is the southernmost of the great cities of metropolitan France ().

The cities of Pia and Cabestany are now part of Perpignan, while Bompas, Saleilles, Canohès, Toulouges, Le Soler, Baho, Saint-Estève and Rivesaltes are all close to the city limits. Nearest cities are Narbonne to the north (65 km), Montpellier towards the northeast (150 km), Barcelona to the south (190 km) and Toulouse to the northwest (200 km). The distance to Paris is .

The climate of Perpignan is a warm Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa"), with mild winters and dry summers and warm.

The average temperature for the year in Perpignan is 15.6 °C (60.0 °F). The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of 23.9 °C (75.0 °F). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 8.3 °C (47.0 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Perpignan is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The men of Perpignan are called "perpignanais" (women, "perpignanaises"); in Catalan, "perpinyanès" for a man and "perpinyanesa" for a woman.

In Perpignan, both French and Catalan are spoken, as can be seen in the street signs.

With a population in 2014 of 120,605, Perpignan has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Perpignan

Perpignan forms with 66 "communes" the urban area of Perpignan with a population of 313,861 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . The centre of this urban area is the metropolitan area of Perpignan, formed by 15 "communes" with a population of 197,715 inhabitants and an area of .

Perpignan is the prefecture of the Pyrénées-Orientales department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Perpignan and the administrative centre () of six cantons: 

It is part of the intercommunality "Perpignan Méditerranée" ().

Perpignan is twinned with:
Twinned towns
Partner towns
Traditional commerce is in wine and olive oil, corks (the cork oak "Quercus suber" grows in Perpignan's mild climate), wool and leather, and iron.



Murrurundi

Murrurundi is a small country town in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales. Murrurundi is by road from Newcastle and km from Sydney. In 2006 there were 2162 people (ABS 2006) living in Murrurundi. The town is circled by mountains of the Liverpool Range. It is on the Pages River, which flows into the Hunter River. The name "Murrurundi" is from an Aboriginal word meaning "Five fingers". This is the name given to a group of rocks at the north end of the town.

The first people to live in the Murrurundi area were the Australian aboriginal people, the Wanaruah and the Kamilaroi. European settlement of the area began in the 1820s. Benjamin Hall, the father of bushranger Ben Hall started a cattle farm in the area in 1839. The town was started by the New South Wales government in 1840. In the same year, a local land owner - Thomas Haydon - started his own town called Haydonton. Benjamin Hall opened a butcher's shop in Haydonton in 1842. Ben Hall lived here until the age of 13. In 1913, the two towns were joined together to make the modern-day town of Murrurundi.

Kerosene shale was first mined at Mount Temi, north of Murrurundi in 1886. The mine was reopened in 1910. The shale was moved from the mine on a rope system known as an aerial ropeway. It was then loaded onto trains at a railway built at Temple Court, just west of Murrurundi. The mine closed in the First World War.

Every year there is a rodeo and the King of the Ranges stockman (cowboy) contest. Other sports played in the town include rugby, touch football, swimming, and cricket.

Murrurundi railway station is on the Main North railway line, from Sydney. The station opened in 1872. There is a large brick station-house, a passing loop and goods yard.
There is a train to and from Sydney and Armidale/Moree every day.

Roubaix

Roubaix is a city in the Nord department, in the Hauts-de-France region, in north France. About 94,000 live there at about 7,119 people per square kilometer. It is near the cities Lille and Tourcoing. There is a metro and tram line between Roubaix and these places. Roubaix is near the Belgian border. The city is well known for its cycling race Paris-Roubaix which is over 259.5 km and includes almost 50 km of cobblestone sections.

Roubaix is twinned with:


Pau, France

Pau is a commune in southwestern France, in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is the "prefecture" (capital) of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. It is also the capital of 6 "cantons" in the department: Jurançon, Pau-Centre, Pau-Est, Pau-Nord, Pau-Ouest and Pau-Sud.

Pau is the second city of Aquitaine, after Bordeaux. Pau was also the capital of the old historical province of Béarn.

Pau is at about from Bordeaux and from Toulouse, on a 200 m elevation overlooking the valley of a mountain river called the Gave de Pau, and at from the Atlantic Ocean and at from the Pyrenees.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Pau is surrounded by the "communes" Buros, Montardon, Morlaàs, Bizanos, Idron, Gelos, Jurançon,Lons and Billère.

The climate of Pau is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfb"), with mild winters and warm summers.

The average temperature for the year in Pau is 13.5 °C (56.3 °F). The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of 20.7 °C (69.3 °F). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 6.6 °C (43.9 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Pau is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

With a population of 77,575, Pau has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Pau are known, in French, as "Paulois" (women: "Pauloises").

Pau is the "prefecture" of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department since 1796. It is also the capital of four "Cantons":

Pau is twinned with:


John Dunn

John Dunn (14 December 1846 – 19 March 1866) was an Australian bushranger. He was only 17 years old when he joined up with Ben Hall and John Gilbert and became a member of their gang.

He was born at Murrumburrah near Yass, New South Wales. His parents were Michael Dunn and Margaret Kelly. Dunn was only a small youth and worked as a jockey. He had robbed a Chinese gold miner and been in trouble with the police. 

Dunn was a member of the gang when they tried to rob the mail coach near Jugiong on 16 November 1864. Gilbert shot Sergeant Parry to death during the robbery. The government already had offered reward money for the capture of the Gilbert and Hall; they now offered £500 for John Dunn.

The bushrangers spent Christmas, 1864, with Dunn's parents at Murrumburrah. After visiting Dunn's grandfather, John Kelly, near Binalong they rode to Binda on Boxing Day, 26 December. Gilbert and Dunn spent the night dancing at the Flag Hotel. Hall stood at the door and stopped people from going to get the police.

On 26 January 1865, Hall, Gilbert and Dunn were at Collector, south of Goulburn. While Hall and Gilbert were robbing the hotel, John Dunn stayed outside to watch for the police. Most of the police were out in the bush searching for the bushrangers. Policeman, Constable Samuel Nelson, was told the bushrangers were at the hotel. He told his wife he would "have to do his best". As he walked up to the hotel Dunn fired two shots into his face. Nelson was the father of nine children. One of the children saw the shooting. The bushrangers stole Nelson's gun, and his personal belongings and then left the town. During the next three months, the gang continued to rob from farmhouses and mail coaches.

In May 1865, Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn were made "outlaws"; they could be killed by anyone at anytime. Hall was found by the police in the bush near Forbes, New South Wales and shot dead. A week later, Gilbert was shot by the police at the home of John Kelly, Dunn's grandfather, near Binalong, on 13 May. Dunn was able to escape, although he was also shot. Dunn's Grandfather had told the police where the bushrangers were so that he could get the reward money. 

Dunn went into hiding near Quambone Station (a farm) but another friend told the police where he was living. Dunn was badly hurt when the police went to capture him on 26 December 1865. Even though he was hurt, he climbed out of the police station window but was soon caught again. He was taken to Sydney to be tried in court. On 19 January 1866, he was found guilty of killing Nelson and sentenced to death. He was hanged on 19 March 1865 at the Darlinghurst Gaol. He was only 19 years old. He is buried in the old Devonshire Street cemetery in Sydney.

Gianfranco Zola

Gianfranco Zola OBE (born 5 July 1966) is an Italian former football player, who is now the manager of West Ham United.

As a footballer he played for Napoli, Parma, Chelsea and Cagliari He was renowned for his technique, skill and dribbling. In total, he played in 632 league games and scored 184 goals in his career. He became manager of West Ham on 11 September 2008, replacing Alan Curbishley, after he stopped working as Italy Under-21's manager.

403||125
229||59
632||184

!Total||35||9

Asnières-sur-Seine

Asnières-sur-Seine is a town in France near Paris. It is in the region Île-de-France and the department Hauts-de-Seine. About 76,000 people live there. It is one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe (its density is 17,178/km²).

"Asnières-sur-Seine" used to just be called Asnières. The name Asnières was first mentionned in 1158 as "Asnerias", from Medieval Latin "asinaria", meaning "donkey farm". The soil of Asnières was poor, where heather grew in Medieval times, was probably only good enough for breeding donkeys.

Different famous companies are located in Asnières:


Fort-de-France

Fort-de-France is the capital of the French Caribbean oversees department of Martinique. It is one of the major cities in the Caribbean. Martinique exports sugar, rum, tinned fruit, and cacao from the port in Fort-de-France.

Fort-de-France is twinned with:

Drake Bell

Drake Jared Bell (born June 27, 1986) is an American actor, singer. Bell has released a song for Nickelodeon television series Drake & Josh named "I Found a Way".

Bell was born in Santa Ana, California in 1986. On December 29, 2005, he was badly hurt in a car accident in Los Angeles. He was in the car with a friend. and an oncoming vehicle hit Bell's car, This caused a broken neck, six dislodged teeth, a broken jaw and a deep cut across his chin. Bell had plastic surgery to fix his face.

In 2018, he married Janet Von Schmeling. They have one child, Schmeling filed for divorce in 2022.

During an interview for the 2024 documentary "Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV", Bell revealed that Brian Peck, an acting coach, had allegedly sexually abused him during his time acting on "The Amanda Show".

Bell started to act when he was 5 years old. At the age of 8, he wrote his first song. When he was 9, he played "Tyler" in the movie "Ghost". In 1993, he started to act in "The Amanda Show" with Amanda Bynes. He played Drake Parker on the television series "Drake & Josh". In 2002, Bell played in the movies "Superhero!" and "Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh".

Bell learned to play guitar when he was 13. On August 23, 2005, he started to sell his first album, "Telegraph". In December 2006, he started to sell his second album, "Its Only Time". His third album was released in 2014. 

Bell has made comments that have upset a lot of people. He made a negative comment when Caitlyn Jenner appeared on the cover of Vanity Fair. He deleted the comment soon after he posted it but it was still seen by many readers. In an interview with Buzzfeed he made comments against stars such as Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande. He got into still another controversy with a Justin Bieber fan wishing him death.

On June 4, 2021, Bell was arrested in Cleveland, Ohio, on charges relating to "attempted endangering [of] children and disseminating matter harmful to juveniles." Bell had sent a minor "inappropriate social media messages" for "months. On June 23, Bell pleaded guilty to both charges. On July 12, 2021, Bell's victim made a public appearance and statement accusing him of sexually assaulting her while she was underage. Bell was sentenced to two years of probation and 200 hours of community service.

Saffron

Saffron () is a spice made from the stigma of the flower of the saffron plant. The spice is used in cooking as a seasoning and as a food colouring. It is native to Southwest Asia. It is the world's most expensive spice, and has been for a long time.

Saffron has a bitter taste and smells like hay. This smell is caused by the chemicals picrocrocin and safranal. Saffron also contains a dye, crocin, that gives food a rich golden colour. Saffron is a part of many foods from around the world, and is also used in medicine.

The word "saffron" comes from the 12th century Old French word ', which comes from the Latin word '. ' is also related to the Italian ' and Spanish '. "Safranum" comes from the Arabic word ' which means "yellow".

The cultivated saffron (saffron crocus "C. sativus") flowers in the autumn and comes up every year. It is a perennial plant. It does not grow wild, and is a triploid form of the eastern Mediterranean plant called "Crocus cartwrightianus". It is thought that "C. cartwrightianus" came from Crete. The saffron crocus resulted when "C. cartwrightianus" was subjected to a lot of artificial selection by growers who wanted plants with longer stigmas. It can not reproduce because the saffron crocus's purple flowers do not produce useful seeds. This means that reproduction needs human help. The corms (underground bulb-like starch-storing organs) must be dug up, broken apart, and planted again. A corm lives for only one season. It is reproduced by splitting into up to ten "cormlets" that will grow into new plants. The corms are small brown balls up to in diameter and are covered in thick parallel fibres.

After a period in summer known as "aestivation", some narrow green leaves come up from the ground. These can grow to up to in length. The number of leaves is between five and eleven. In autumn, purple buds appear. In October, after most other flowering plants have released their seeds, the saffron grows its brightly-coloured flowers, which are coloured from light to dark purple. At the time of flowering, the plant is usually less than in height. Inside each flower are three prongs, called the "style". Each prong has a crimson "stigma" of between 25 and 30 mm in length at the end of it.

The saffron crocus grows best in climates like that of the Mediterranean maquis or the North American chaparral, where hot, dry summer winds blow across the land. However, saffron can live through temperatures as cold as , and short periods of snow. Saffron needs no extra water if it grows in a wet place like Kashmir, where there is usually 1000–1500 mm of rain each year. It is also important for the rain to fall at the right time of year. There should be a lot of rain in the spring and little in the summer. Rainfall just before flowering also makes the plant give more saffron. Rainy or cold weather during flowering can cause disease, so the plant gives less saffron. Other things that can make the plant give less saffron are: the weather being damp or hot for a long time; rabbits, rats, and birds, digging in the ground near the plant; parasites such as the roundworm; fungus and corm rot. Saffron plants grow best in strong and direct sunlight. Planting is best done in fields that slope towards the sunlight (i.e. south-sloping in the Northern Hemisphere), giving the crocuses' more sunlight. In the Northern Hemisphere, planting is mostly done in June, with corms planted some 7–15 cm deep.

Growers have found that planting corms deep and in rows spaced 2–3 cm apart makes more threads, whereas planting depths of 8–10 cm makes more flowers and corms. Saffron crocuses grow best in crumbly, moist and well-drained clay soils with high organic content. They are often planted in raised beds, to help with drainage. Farmers often use 20–30 tonnes of manure per hectare on the plants before plating the corms The buds do not start to grow until early autumn, then in the middle of autumn the plants begin to flower. Picking the flowers must be done quickly: they flower at dawn, but curl up and die during the day. The flowers of the saffron crocuses only last for one or two weeks. From 150 flowers, the farmer can get about 1 g of dry saffron threads. To produce 12 g of dried saffron (72 g freshly harvested) would take about 1 kg of flowers (1 lb for 0.2 oz of dried saffron). It can be worked out from this that one freshly picked flower makes 0.03 g of fresh saffron, or 0.007 g of dried saffron.

The history of saffron growing reaches back more than 3,000 years. The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called "Crocus cartwrightianus". Humans began choosing wild plants that had long "stigmas". Gradually, a form of "C. cartwrightianus", "C. sativus", came into being in the late Bronze Age Crete. The first document to mention saffron is a 7th century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal. There is evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years.
The Minoans had pictures of saffron in their palaces as long ago as 1500–1600 BC, showing how it could be used as a medicine. Later, Greek legends told of sea voyages to Cilicia, where adventurers hoped to find the world's most valuable saffron. Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus. Ancient Mediterranean peoples–including perfumers in Egypt, physicians in Gaza, townspeople in Rhodes, and the Greek "hetaerae" courtesans–used saffron in their perfumes, ointments, potpourris, mascaras, divine offerings, and medical treatments.
In late Hellenistic Egypt, Cleopatra used saffron in her baths to make her feel good. Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all types of gastrointestinal ailments. Saffron was also used as a fabric dye in Levant cities. Aulus Cornelius Celsus prescribes saffron in medicines for wounds, cough, colic, and scabies, and in the mithridatium. Roman colonists took their saffron with them when they settled in southern Gaul, where it was extensively cultivated until Rome's fall. Competing theories say that saffron only returned to France with 8th century AD Moors or with the Avignon papacy in the 14th century AD.

Paints made from saffron were being used for drawing 50,000 years ago. These have been found in the country that is today called Iraq. Later, the Sumerians used wild-growing saffron in their medicines and magical potions. Traders carried saffron for long distances before the 2nd millennium BC. Ancient Persians were growing their own type of saffron ("Crocus sativus" 'Hausknechtii') in Derbena, Isfahan, and Khorasan by the 10th century BC. Sometimes saffron threads were woven into textiles. They were given as offerings to the gods and used in dyes, perfumes, medicines, and body washes. Saffron threads were also scattered across beds and mixed into hot tea as a way of curing sad feelings. Other people were afraid that the Persians would use saffron as a drug and aphrodisiac. During his Asian campaigns, Alexander the Great used Persian saffron in his tea, rice, and baths to help heal his battle wounds. Alexander's troops copied their leader's actions and brought the habit of saffron-bathing back to Greece.

No one knows how saffron arrived in South Asia. Traditional Kashmiri and Chinese accounts date its arrival anywhere between 900–2500 years ago. Historians studying ancient Persian records date the arrival to sometime before 500 BC, saying it was either Persian transplantation of saffron corms to stock new gardens and parks or a Persian invasion and colonization of Kashmir. Phoenicians sold Kashmiri saffron as a dye and a treatment for melancholy. Saffron use in foods and dyes spread throughout South Asia. Buddhist monks in India started wearing saffron-coloured robes after the Buddha Siddhartha Gautama's death. However, the robes were not dyed with costly saffron but turmeric, a less expensive dye, or jackfruit.

Some historians believe that saffron first came to China with Mongol invaders by way of Persia. Saffron is mentioned in ancient Chinese medical texts, including the forty-volume "Shennong Bencaojing" pharmacopoeia, dating from 200–300 BC. Traditionally attributed to the legendary "Yan" ("Fire") Emperor Shennong, it documents 252 medical treatments for various disorders. Yet around the 3rd century AD Wan Zhen, a Chinese medical expert, reported that "[t]he habitat of saffron is in Kashmir, where people grow it principally to offer it to the Buddha." Wan also reflected on how saffron was used in his time: "The [saffron crocus] flower withers after a few days, and then the saffron is obtained. It is valued for its uniform yellow colour. It can be used to aromatise wine."

In Europe, saffron cultivation declined steeply following the Roman Empire's fall. Saffron was reintroduced when the Islamic civilization "Al-Andalus" spread to Spain, France, and Italy. During the 14th century Black Death, there was a huge increase in demand for saffron-based medicine. Much saffron had to be imported by Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes. The theft of one such shipment by noblemen started the 14 week long "Saffron War". The conflict and resulting fear of rampant saffron piracy spurred significant saffron cultivation in Basel, which grew prosperous. Cultivation and trade then spread to Nuremberg, where epidemic levels of saffron adulteration brought on the "Safranschou" code. Under this law saffron adulterators were fined, imprisoned, and executed. Saffron cultivation spread throughout England, especially Norfolk and Suffolk. The Essex town of Saffron Walden, named for its new specialty crop, became England's main saffron growing and trading center. More exotic spices such as chocolate, coffee, tea, and vanilla from newly contacted Eastern and overseas countries caused European cultivation and usage of saffron to decline. Only in southern France, Italy, and Spain, did significant cultivation continue.

Europeans brought saffron to the Americas when immigrant members of the Schwenkfelder Church left Europe with a trunk containing saffron corms; indeed, many Schwenkfelders had widely grown saffron in Europe. By 1730, the Pennsylvania Dutch were growing saffron throughout eastern Pennsylvania. Spanish colonies in the Caribbean bought large amounts of this new American saffron, and high demand ensured that saffron's list price on the Philadelphia commodities exchange was set equal to that of gold. The trade with the Caribbean later collapsed in the aftermath of the War of 1812, when many saffron-transporting merchant vessels were destroyed. Yet the Pennsylvania Dutch continued to grow saffron for local trade and use in their cakes, noodles, and chicken or trout dishes. American saffron cultivation survived into modern times mainly in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.

Saffron's aroma is often described to be something like metallic honey with grassy or hay-like notes. Its taste has also been noted as hay-like and somewhat bitter. Saffron gives a light yellow-orange colouring to foods. Saffron is widely used in Iranian (Persian), Arab, Central Asian, European, Indian,Turkish, Moroccan and Cornish cuisines. Confectioneries and liquors often include saffron. Common saffron substitutes include safflower ("Carthamus tinctorius", which is often sold as "Portuguese saffron" or "assafroa") and turmeric ("Curcuma longa"). Saffron has been used as a medicine for a long time. Modern medicine has also discovered it as having anticarcinogenic (cancer-suppressing), anti-mutagenic (mutation-preventing), immunomodulating, and antioxidant-like properties. Saffron has also been used as a fabric dye, particularly in China and India, and in perfumery.
Most saffron is grown in a belt of land ranging from the Mediterranean in the west to Kashmir in the east. Around 300 tonnes of saffron are produced worldwide each year. Iran ranks first in the world production of saffron, with more than 94 percent of the world yield. Iran's annual saffron production is expected to hit 300 tons by the end of the nation's Fourth Five-Year Socioeconomic Development Plan in 2009. Other minor producers of saffron are Spain, India, Greece, Azerbaijan, Morocco, and Italy. A pound of dry saffron (0.45 kg) requires 50,000–75,000 flowers. These flowers would need about a football field's area of cultivation. Some forty hours of labour are needed to pick 150,000 flowers. Upon extraction, stigmas are dried quickly and (preferably) sealed in airtight containers. Saffron prices range from US$500/pound to US$5,000/pound (US$1100–US$11,000 per kilogram). In Western countries, the average retail price is $1,000/£500/€700 per pound (US$2200/£1100/€1550 per kilogram). A pound is between 70,000 and 200,000 threads. Vivid crimson colouring, slight moistness, elasticity, recent harvest date, and lack of broken-off thread debris are all traits of fresh saffron.
Several saffron cultivars are grown worldwide. Spain's varieties, including the tradenames 'Spanish Superior' and 'Creme', are generally mellower in colour, flavour, and aroma. Italian varieties are slightly more potent than Spanish, while the most intense varieties tend to be Iranian in origin. India has banned the export of high-grade saffron abroad. Aside from these, various "boutique" crops are available from New Zealand, France, Switzerland, England, the United States, and other countries, some organically grown. In the U.S., Pennsylvania Dutch saffron—known for its earthy notes—is marketed in small quantities.

Consumers regard certain cultivars as "premium" quality. The "Aquila" saffron ("zafferano dell'Aquila")—defined by high safranal and crocin content, shape, unusually pungent aroma, and intense colour—is grown exclusively on eight hectares in the Navelli Valley of Italy's Abruzzo region, near L'Aquila. It was first introduced to Italy by a Dominican monk from Inquisition-era Spain. In Italy the biggest saffron cultivation, for quality and quantity, is in San Gavino Monreale, Sardinia. There, saffron is grown on 40 hectares (60% of Italian production); it also has very high crocin, picrocrocin, and safranal content. Another is the Kashmiri "Mongra" or "Lacha" saffron ("Crocus sativus" 'Cashmirianus'), which is among the most difficult for consumers to obtain. Repeated droughts, blights, and crop failures in Kashmir, combined with an Indian export ban, contribute to its high prices. Kashmiri saffron is recognisable by its extremely dark maroon-purple hue, among the world's darkest, which suggests the saffron's strong flavour, aroma, and colourative effect.

Saffron types are graded by quality according to laboratory measurements of such characteristics as crocin (colour), picrocrocin (taste), and safranal (fragrance) content. Other metrics include floral waste content (i.e. the saffron spice sample's non-stigma floral content) and measurements of other extraneous matter such as inorganic material ("ash"). A uniform set of international standards in saffron grading was established by the International Organization for Standardization, which is an international federation of national standards bodies. ISO 3632 deals exclusively with saffron. It establishes four empirical grades of colour intensity: IV (poorest), III, II, and I (finest quality). Saffron samples are then assigned to one of these grades by gauging the spice's crocin content, which is revealed by measurements of crocin-specific spectroscopic absorbance. Absorbance is defined as formula_1, with formula_2 as absorbance (Beer-Lambert law). It is a measure of a given substance's transparency (formula_3, the ratio of light intensity passing through sample to that of the incident light) to a given wavelength of light.

For saffron, absorbance is determined for the crocin-specific photon wavelength of 440 nm in a given dry sample of spice. Higher absorbances at this wavelength imply greater crocin concentration, and thus a greater colour intensity. These data are measured through spectrophotometry reports at certified testing laboratories worldwide. These colour grades proceed from grades with absorbances lower than 80 (for all category IV saffron) up to 190 or greater (for category I). The world's finest samples (the selected most red-maroon tips of stigmas picked from the finest flowers) receive absorbance scores in excess of 250. Market prices for saffron types follow directly from these ISO scores. However, many growers, traders, and consumers reject such lab test numbers. They prefer a more holistic method of sampling batches of thread for taste, aroma, pliability, and other traits in a fashion similar to that practiced by practised wine tasters.

Despite such attempts at quality control and standardisation, an extensive history of saffron adulteration–particularly among the cheapest grades–continues into modern times. Adulteration was first documented in Europe's Middle Ages, when those found selling adulterated saffron were executed under the "Safranschou" code. Typical methods include mixing in other substances like beet, pomegranate fibers, red-dyed silk fibers, or the saffron crocus's tasteless and odorless yellow stamens. Other methods included dousing saffron fibers with viscid substances like honey or vegetable oil. Powdered saffron is more prone to adulteration with turmeric, paprika, and other powders. Adulteration can also consist of selling mislabeled mixes of different saffron grades. Thus, in India, high-grade Kashmiri saffron is often sold mixed with cheaper Iranian imports. These mixes are marketed as pure Kashmiri saffron, a development that has cost Kashmiri growers much of their income.


TobyMac

Kevin Michael "Toby" McKeehan (born October 22, 1964 in Fairfax, Virginia), better known as TobyMac, is a well known Christian singer from the band dc Talk. The band separated in 2000 to pursue solo careers. Some of his most notable songs are "Made to Love", "Burn for You", "Boomin", "City on Our Knees", "Me Without You", and "Feel It". He has also released a live album, "Alive and Transported".

DC Talk

DC Talk (also written as dc Talk) is a well-known Christian rock/rap band, most famous for its song "Jesus Freak". The band started in 1988, and was part of the rise in popularity of the contemporary Christian music genre during the 1990s. The band split up in 2000 to have solo careers.

Argenteuil

Argenteuil is a town northwest of Paris, France. Argenteuil is a sub-prefecture of the Val-d'Oise department.

Argenteuil is the second most populated town in the suburbs of Paris (after Boulogne-Billancourt) and the most populated commune in the Val-d'Oise department; however it is not the prefecture. Its population is about 94,000 (1999).

Claude Monet painted things in Argenteuil many times.



Colombes

Colombes is a town in the northwest suburbs of Paris, France. Its in the region Île-de-France and the department Hauts-de-Seine. Its population is about 77,000.


Virgin birth of Jesus

The virgin birth of Jesus is a belief held by Christians and Muslims. It says that Mary, Jesus' mother, was a virgin even after she became pregnant with Jesus. By the 2nd century, most people in the Christian church believed this. The idea of the virgin birth was included in the two most common Christian creeds, the Nicene Creed and the Apostles' Creed. The Nicene Creed says that Jesus "was incarnate of the Holy Spirit and the Virgin Mary" (meaning that Jesus was God in human form, and was born to the Virgin Mary). The Apostles' Creed also says that Jesus was "born of the Virgin Mary." The belief was not challenged, except by some sects which were not very important, before the Enlightenment theology of the eighteenth century.

The Gospels of Matthew and Luke say that Mary was a virgin and that Jesus was created by the Holy Spirit. These Gospels started the belief that Jesus' creation was a miracle. This belief, which is now common in Christianity, says that Jesus had no natural father; no sexual intercourse and no male seed was involved in creating him. The Gospel of Matthew also says that the virgin birth of Jesus fulfills a prophecy from the Book of Isaiah.

Since the second century, the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church have taught that Mary gave birth as a virgin (meaning she stayed a "virgo intacta" - an "intact virgin" - even after giving birth).

The virgin birth of Jesus is also part of Islam. The Qur'an often describes Jesus as "Jesus, son of Mary" ("Isa bin Maryam").

According to Uta Ranke-Heinemann, the idea that Jesus was born to a virgin was not meant to be taken literally (as if it really happened). Instead, it is an allegory about something special that God did. It is like the story about how God made Adam. Both Adam and Jesus were God's creations.
Raymond Brown argues that Jesus may have been an illegitimate child. This idea first appeared around 177-180 AD. Around this time, Celsus wrote that Jesus himself had made up the story about being born to a virgin. In fact, Celsus wrote, Jesus' mother was a poor country woman who earned her money by spinning (making thread). She had been married to a carpenter, but he kicked her out. He did this because she was convicted of adultery with a soldier named Panthera. After this, she wandered around and secretly gave birth to Jesus. Later, because he was poor, Jesus found work in Egypt. There, he learned magical powers. These made him confident, and he started calling himself God.

The letters of Paul of Tarsus are thought to be the earliest texts in the New Testament. They do not say that Jesus' mother was a virgin.

In Galatians 4:4, Paul wrote:

But when the fullness of time had come, God sent his Son, born of a woman, born under the law ...

In this sentence, Paul says that Jesus was born "of a woman", not "of a virgin". This could be evidence that Paul did not know about the virgin birth of Jesus. However, when Paul was alive, when Hebrew people talked about a new baby, they usually listed only the child's father, or both parents. The fact that Paul listed no father may suggest that there was no human father.

Some people think God created Jesus without a human father so Jesus could avoid a curse. In the Old Testament (), God put a curse on Jeconiah, who had been King of Judah. God told Jeconiah that none of his family would ever 'sit on the throne of David.' David was one of Jeconiah's ancestors, and had been King of Jerusalem. says that Jeconiah was an ancestor of Joseph, Mary's husband. If Jesus was Joseph's child, Jesus would be related to Jeconiah. God's curse would keep him from being King of Jerusalem. However, because God created Jesus without a human father, Jesus was not related to Jeconiah, and could be King.

In his Epistle (letter) to the Romans, Paul says: 
People argue about what Paul meant when he said Jesus was "descended from David according to the flesh." David, Jeconiah, and Joseph were all in the same family line. For Jesus to be part of David's family line, he would have to be related to Joseph. This would mean Joseph had to be Jesus' human father. However, some people think Paul did not mean Jesus was physically descended from Joseph, only that Joseph acted like Jesus' father.

Raymond Brown argues that it is important to look at when each book in the Bible was written. He says that looking at this shows:

However, Paul, in Epistle to the Colossians 1:15, calls Jesus the "first-born Son, superior to all created things." This makes it clear that Paul saw Jesus as very special, unlike any other human being.


Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis

Montreuil is a town in the east suburbs of Paris, France. Montreuil is near the Bois de Vincennes park in the Île-de-France region and the Seine-Saint-Denis department. About 91,000 people lived there in 1999. It is the third most populated suburb of Paris (after Boulogne-Billancourt and Argenteuil).


Tourcoing

Tourcoing () is a town in the Nord department and Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France. It is near Lille and Roubaix. There is a metro and tram line between Tourcoing and these places, which are all close to the Belgian border. There is a Napoleon III-style "Hôtel de ville" (town hall) built in 1885.

Tourcoing is twinned with:



ReLoad

ReLoad is an album by Metallica. It was released in the United States on November 18, 1997 by Elektra Records. It went straight to No.1 in the "Billboard" 200. Three singles were released from it. "Better Than You" won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance. It was the last studio album by Metallica with Jason Newsted playing bass.


Consensus

Consensus is a term which describes general agreement among members of a group or community. It also means the theory and process of bringing a group together in agreement. 

The cooperative spirit of consensus is different from the competitive spirit which is brought to a point in majority voting. According to Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales,
We are really strongly focused on consensus. One criticism of Wikipedia is that the majority rules. But majority is not the right way to describe it. We strive for consensus rather than majority rule. If you are in a group of five or ten people working on an article, if 30 percent of those working on the article dissent, then continue to write the article until all but the most unreasonable agree. Those who continue to disagree are typically exhibiting non-collaborative, and sometimes abusive, behavior.



Grantland Rice

Grantland Rice (November 1, 1880–July 13, 1954) was an early 20th century American sports-writer.

Chuck Bernard

Joseph Charles "Chuck" Bernard (August 29, 1911 in Chicago, Illinois – March 1962) was a professional American football center who played for the Detroit Lions in 1934 and was a two-time All-American at the University of Michigan.

After graduating from the University of Michigan, Bernard played 10 games for the Detroit Lions in 1934.

Saint-Denis

Saint-Denis is a city and "commune" in the north suburbs of Paris, France. Saint-Denis is a sub-prefecture of the Seine-Saint-Denis departement, and is the seat of the Arrondissement of Saint-Denis. It is in the Île-de-France region. Inhabitants of Saint-Denis are called "Dionysiens".

Saint-Denis is home to the Saint Denis Basilica. France's national football stadium, Stade de France, built in 1998 for the Football World Cup is in Saint-Denis.

Saint-Denis used to be an industrial suburb, but its reconverting its economic base.

Almost every French king since Dagobert Ist, was buried in the Basilica. Saint-Denis dates back to the second century. It used to be a village called "Catolacus". Saint Denis, the first bishop of Paris, was martyred in about 250 AD. He was buried in the cemetery of Catolacus. Denis' tomb became a place of worship.

During the French Revolution in 1793, the city was renamed "Franciade", and the royal necropolis was looted and destroyed. The name was changed back in 1803.

During the Second World War, the Germans occupied Saint-Denis from June 13, 1940. The town was liberated by General Leclerc on August 27.


The painter Claude Monet was born in Saint-Denis.


Offensive

Offensive may mean:


University of Minnesota

The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (U of M or The U) is a public university. Most of the buildings are in Minneapolis, and some more buildings are about 3 miles (4.8 km) away near Saint Paul. These two parts are called the Twin Cities campus, and together they are the oldest and largest part of the University of Minnesota system. The Twin Cities campus is the flagship of the system.

The University of Minnesota is one of the Public Ivy universities in America, which is like saying they can give people an experience in college similar to the Ivy League. The University of Minnesota was started in 1851, and they are now in the Association of American Universities.

There are lots of students and teachers at the University of Minnesota. Some of them have won Nobel Prizes and Pulitzer Prizes. Some famous people who went to the University of Minnesota are Hubert Humphrey, Walter Mondale, and Bob Dylan. The nickname of the University of Minnesota is the Golden Gophers.

The University of Minnesota is structured into different units that study specific things. There are 19 units:
The University of Minnesota also has some smaller parts made up of people from across the units working together:


The campus is made up of more than 50,000 people, so the University of Minnesota is the sixth largest in the United States. There are many kinds of people that are part of the University of Minnesota, from a lot of different places and groups.

As of Fall 2017, there are 31,535 people who are studying for an undergraduate degree — that is, a level of learning that someone can get after high school. Of that number, 5,858 are new to the University of Minnesota trying to get a degree for the first time. There are also 12,614 people trying to get a degree that's even higher than an undergraduate degree, like becoming a doctor.

The campus started near the Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River, but people moved about 1 mile (1.6 km) over to the place it is today. The old site is now a small park. They closed during the American Civil War, but they opened again in 1867 when John S. Pillsbury gave some money. They were bigger by 1869, so they stopped being called preparatory school and started being called a college instead. Today there are so many buildings, there are some on both sides of the Mississippi River. The part with buildings on the east side of the river is called the ""East Bank"", and the part with buildings on the west side of the river is called the ""West Bank"".

The University of Minnesota has many buildings on the east side of the Mississippi River. To help people find their way around, these buildings are divided into several areas: the Knoll area, the Mall area, the Health area, the Athletic area, and the Gateway area.

The Knoll area is the oldest part of the University of Minnesota, and it's in the northwestern corner. Some buildings in this area are over 100 years old.

The Mall area, or Northrop Mall is in the middle. It was based on a drawing by Cass Gilbert, but that drawing was too hard to follow. There are many buildings in the Mall area that are important.

The Health area is in the southeast corner. Some buildings are part of a hospital. There's also some buildings where students live, which called a residence hall.

The Athletic area is near the health area. Some buildings are for students who want to stay healthy to use like a gymnasium. There are also stadiums and arenas for people in sports to use in student athletics.

The Gateway area is on the east side. Most of these buildings are for offices, but there are also some buildings for people who are learning about medicine and living things.

The University of Minnesota has some buildings on the west side of the Mississippi River. Some are for people to learn about theatre, dance, music, and art. There's also a big library and some buildings for people to learn about social science.

The place people call the "Saint Paul Campus" is not in Saint Paul. It's in a city called Falcon Heights, about 3 miles (4.8 km) away from the Minneapolis campus. Most of the buildings are for people to about farming and natural resources. There are also fields and quiet spots. The Saint Paul Campus is next to the Minnesota State Fairgrounds, where Minnesota has a big party every year.

Many students at the University of Minnesota are part of clubs. Some clubs are fraternities and sororities— that is, a group of students who have things in common and are close together. There are also clubs for people who are studying the same thing, or for people who want to help like a charity.

"The Minnesota Daily" is a newspaper made all by students. It was first made on May 1, 1900. It gets made twice a week, except in the summer when it's made once a week.

There's another newspaper called "The Wake Student Magazine", made all by students. It was first made in November, 2001.

Minnesota's sports teams mostly play in the Big Ten Conference. The women's ice hockey team plays in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA); the men's ice hockey team also played in the WCHA until 2013, when the Big Ten began a men's ice hockey league.

Minnesota Golden Gophers

The Minnesota Golden Gophers are the college sports team for the University of Minnesota. 


Dixie Dean

Dixie Dean (born William Ralph Dean, 22 January 1907 – 1 March 1980) was an English football player. He played for Everton F.C. during the 1920s and 30s. 

He scored more goals than any other player in English football history.

Dean was born in Birkenhead in Merseyside. He began his career at his hometown club Tranmere Rovers before moving on to Everton. He was particularly known for scoring goals with his head. Dean played most of his career at Everton. When injuries caught up with him, he moved on to Notts County. 

Dean is best known for scoring 60 goals in the 1927–28 First Division season. He also scored 18 goals in 16 appearances for England.

A statue of Dean was unveiled outside Goodison Park in 2001. A year later, he became one of the first 22 players inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame. Dean was the first Everton player to wear the number 9 shirt, and is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

Everton

Sligo Rovers

England

Individual


Harry Kipke

Harry G. Kipke (March 26, 1899 - September 14, 1972) was the head football coach at the University of Michigan from 1929-1937. He is one of only three coaches in school history to direct teams to four consecutive conference championships.

Sentence (law)

In criminal law, a sentence forms the final act of a judge-ruled criminal procedure. The sentence generally involves a decree of imprisonment, a fine and/or other punishments against a defendant convicted (found guilty) of a crime. For example, a man could be given a life sentence for murder. 

Interstate 82

Interstate 82 (sometimes called I-82) is a long Interstate Highway in the states of Washington and Oregon. The road goes from Interstate 90 and U.S. Route 97 in Ellensburg, Washington southeast through Yakima, Washington, the Tri-Cities of Washington, and Umatilla, Oregon before ending at Interstate 84 in Hermiston, Oregon.

Since I-82 is north of Interstate 84, it breaks the rules for Interstate numbering. This happened because when Interstate 80N was renumbered to Interstate 84 in 1980, Interstate 82 became north of Interstate 84. The renumbering was part of a project to remove Interstates that have letters within their numbers.

The highway goes over Selah Creek on a bridge called the Fred G. Redmon Bridge. When this bridge was opened on November 2, 1971 it was the longest concrete arch bridge in North America. The bridge is 549 feet long when it goes above the creek. It is mostly north south despite ending in a 2

In 1999, the state of Oregon wanted to make Interstate 82 longer. They planned three different roads, but all of them were not chosen. The freeway also has a spur route, Interstate 182, which connects Interstate 82 to Richland, Washington and Pasco, Washington.





Wes Welker

Wesley Carter Welker (born May 1 1981, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American football wide receiver for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League.

Food coloring

A food coloring is any substance that is added to food or drink to change its color. Food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in cooking at home.

People associate certain colors with certain flavors. The color of the food can therefore influence its perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine.
For this reason, food manufacturers add dyes to their products. One of the reasons this is done is to simulate the colour the customer expects as "natural". An example would be to add red coloring to glacé cherries. Without coloring, the cherries would be beige. Food coloring can also be done for effect, such as a green ketchup instead of an expected red.
Most people are aware that food with bright or unnatural colors, such as the green ketchup mentioned, contains food coloring. Far fewer people know that "natural" foods such as oranges and salmon may also be dyed to hide natural variations in color. The color of foods varies through the seasons. Processing food and storing it may change its color. For these reasons, it may give a commercial advantage to add colors to food, so that it has the color expected or preferred by the customers. Some of the main reasons are:

Food colorings need to be tested before they can be used. These tests are done to make sure the coloring is not poisonous, and has no unwanted side-effects. Sometimes, different testing-bodies have different opinions on the safety of a certain coloring. In the United States, FD&C (generally indicates that the FDA has approved the colorant for use in Foods, Drugs and Cosmetics) numbers are given to approved synthetic food dyes that do not exist in nature. In the European Union, E numbers are used for all additives, both synthetic and natural, that are approved in food applications.

Most other countries have their own regulations and list of food colors which can be used in various applications, including maximum daily intake limits.

Natural colors are not required to be tested by a number of regulatory bodies throughout the world, including the United States FDA. The FDA lists "color additives exempt from certification" for food.

A growing number of natural food dyes are being commercially produced, partly due to consumer concerns surrounding synthetic dyes. Some examples include:


To make it easy to get the exact color, these color components are often available in very pure form. They can also be used with suitable carrier materials.

In the United States, certifiable color additives are available for use in food as either "dyes" or "lakes".

Dyes dissolve in water, but are not soluble in oil. Dyes are manufactured as powders, granules, liquids or other special purpose forms. They can be used in drinks, dry mixes, baked goods, confections, dairy products, pet foods and many other products. Dyes also have side effects which lakes do not, including the fact that large amounts of dyes ingested can color stools.

Lakes are the combination of dyes and insoluble material. Lakes tint by dispersion. Lakes are not oil soluble, but are oil dispersible. Lakes are more stable than dyes and are ideal for coloring products containing fats and oils or items lacking sufficient moisture to dissolve dyes. Typical uses include coated tablets, cake and donut mixes, hard candies and chewing gums, lipsticks, soaps, shampoos, talc etc.

Because food dyes are generally safer to use than normal artistic dyes and pigments, some artists have used food coloring as a means of making pictures, especially in forms such as body-painting.
Food colorings can be used to dye fabric, but are usually not wash-fast when used on cotton, hemp and other plant fibres. Some food dyes can be fixed on Nylon and animal fibers.

In the past, research has not shown any link between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and food dyes. Newer studies show that synthetic preservatives and artificial coloring agents can make the symptoms of ADD and ADHD worse. The older studies were inclonclusive on this point, perhaps because the clinical methods of measuring this behavior were inappropriate. Parents' reports of food additives proved to be better indicators whether additives were present than clinical tests. Several major studies show academic performance increased and disciplinary problems decreased in large non-ADD student populations when artificial ingredients and artificial coloring were eliminated from school food programs.


Varsity letter

A varsity letter (or monogram) is an award in the United States for excellence in school activities. They are typically awarded to student athletes who have played on a varsity team. 


Free content

Free content, or free information, is any kind of work, artwork, or other creative content which does not have lots of legal restrictions about how people can use it. People have freedom to make changed versions of the content, give changed and not changed versions of the content to others, and sell copies of the content and changed versions of it. The author of free content does not use all of his copyright monopoly, he gives many of the rights to others. The articles in Wikipedia are free content.

Free software is different from free music or text, because it is often much more difficult to understand and change a program if one does not have its source code, than it is to change a song or a text. Because of that, the source code of free software must always be easy to receive, or the software will not be free. However, source code for pictures, movies and music can also exist and be given to others. Choosing what to call a “source code” is sometimes important when publishing a work under a copyleft license.

Ted Petoskey

Frederick Lee "Ted" Petoskey (born January 5, 1911 in St. Charles, Michigan, died November 30, 1996 in Elgin, South Carolina) was a sportsman at the University of Michigan. He played three sports - American football, basketball, and baseball.

Interstate 5

Interstate 5 (sometimes called I-5, or in Southern California, The 5) is a long Interstate Highway in the states of California, Oregon, and Washington. The road goes from Mexican Federal Highway 1 at the United States-Mexican border to British Columbia Highway 99 at the United States-Canadian border. It is the main interstate highway of the West Coast. Nearly 60% of its length is in California.


Earned run average

In baseball, earned run average (abbreviated to ERA) is the mean of earned runs given up by a pitcher. It is measured per nine innings pitched in Major League Baseball. ERA is found by dividing the number of earned runs allowed by the number of innings pitched and multiplying by nine. For example, if a pitcher allowed 25 runs during 95 innings pitched, his ERA would be 25 / 95 x 9, or 2.37.

Interstate 90

Interstate 90 (sometimes called 90) is a very long Interstate Highway in the United States. It goes across the country from Interstate 5 in Seattle to Logan International Airport in Boston and is the longest Interstate Highway. I-90 runs through the states of Washington, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Massachusetts.

In some states, drivers have to pay a toll to use Interstate 90.

Washington State Department of Transportation

The Washington State Department of Transportation (sometimes called WSDOT) is the part of the government of Washington about roads, railroads, ferries, airports, and other ways to get around. It was made in 1905 as Washington Department of Highways.

Body-painting

Body-painting (also body painting and bodypainting) is when special colors are applied to a human's skin. The colors used are temporary. Depending on the material used, paintings last between a few hours and a few weeks. 

Body-painting can be done for various reasons. Examples are:



Materpiscis

Materpiscis (Latin for "mother fish") is a genus of ptyctodontid placoderm from the late Devonian period, about 380 million years ago. A fossil of this armored placoderm shows an embryo and umbilical cord inside its body. So "Materpiscis" is the oldest known vertebrate to show viviparity (giving birth to live young). Viviparity of one kind or another is quite common in certain kinds of fish, for example sharks.

The holotype was found in the Kimberley area of northern Western Australia. Fossils from the Gogo Formation are preserved in limestone nodules, so dilute acetic acid is used to dissolve the surrounding limestone and reveal the fossil. These fossils are often preserved in three dimensions with minimal distortion.

The species was named "Materpiscis attenboroughi" in honour of David Attenborough who first drew attention to the significance of the Gogo fish sites in his 1979 series "Life on Earth".

Chevy Chase

Cornelius Crane "Chevy" Chase (born October 8, 1943) is an American Emmy Award-winning comedian, writer, and actor. He was one of the original cast members on "Saturday Night Live". He left after a year.

Diprotodon

Diprotodon was the largest marsupial that ever lived, or at any rate, the heaviest. Its family, the Diprotodontidae, existed from at least 1.6 million years ago until extinction some 40,000 years ago. So it lived through most of the Pleistocene epoch. Its forebears lived in the late Oligocene to early Miocene roughly 23 million years ago.

"Diprotodon" looked like a rhino without a horn. Its feet turned inwards like a wombat’s, giving it a pigeon-toed appearance. It had strong claws on the front feet, so it may have been able to dig up roots to eat. Footprints of its hairy feet have been found, so we know it had fur like a horse rather than being bald like a rhino. "Diprotodon" is found in sites all over Australia, but not in Tasmania. 

Female skeletons have been found with babies where the mother's pouch would have been. The largest specimens were hippopotamus-sized: about from nose to tail, standing tall at the shoulder and weighing about .

The animal was semi-aquatic with a life-style rather like a hippo. Its extinction may have been caused by the extreme drought conditions, as well as pressure from the first Aboriginal Australians.


Tahlequah, Oklahoma

Tahlequah (Pronounced "Tal a Kwa") is the county seat of Cherokee County, Oklahoma, United States. It is at the foot hills of the Ozark Mountains. Tahlequah is also home to Northeastern State University.

Russo-Japanese War

The Russo-Japanese War was a war between the Japanese Empire and the Russian Empire. It started in 1904 and ended in 1905. The Japanese won the war, and the Russians lost.

The war happened because the Russian Empire and Japanese Empire disagreed over who should get parts of Manchuria and Korea. It was fought mostly on the Liaodong Peninsula and Mukden, the seas around Korea, Japan, and the Yellow Sea. The politics of the two countries in the war were very complicated, but both wanted to gain land and economic benefits.

The Chinese Empire of the Qing Dynasty was large but weak, and it was Qing land and possessions they fought over. For example Korea was under Qing rule, but was seized by Japan. The Russians wanted a 'warm-water port' on the Pacific Ocean for their navy and trade. The harbour at Vladivostok freezes over in the winter, but Port Arthur (now part of Dalian on the Liaodong Peninsula in China) can be used all the time. Russia had already rented the port from the Qing and had got their permission to build a Trans-Siberian railway from St Petersburg to Port Arthur.

Russia wanted a warm-water Pacific Ocean port for trade and its navy. Japan wanted to expand her empire into Korea and China. Japan thought that when Russia completed its railway in 1906, it would be able to beat Japan in a war by being able to supply large numbers of troops there. 

To avoid war, Japan wanted to compromise with Russia even if it got the better deal. Japan wanted more of Korea and China than it thought Russia would offer. Japan decided to attack before the railway was ready to help Russia fight a war.

The war started with a Japanese surprise attack on Port Arthur and continued with Japanese victories in Manchuria and elsewhere. The last major battle was at Tsushima Strait and destroyed the Russian Navy.

United States President Theodore Roosevelt helped Russia and Japan make peace after the war. He won a Nobel Prize for this. Russia had to give up all influence in the Far East. The Russian people were very angry at the government and at czar Nicholas II for not continuing the war because everyone was sure that Russia could have won. This is true because Japan was completely broke and she would have suffered an economic crisis after just a few more months of fighting. Russia's army was also much stronger than Japan's and had very large reserves to replace the soldiers she lost. Japan had no more men with military training to replace her losses and no money to give new men training.

The Japanese got Port Arthur and the Russian railway in Manchuria. Five years later, in 1910, Japan took over Korea. Japan would continue to grow its empire in Asia until World War II. The Russian defeat was one of the reasons for the Russian Army's great improvement after 1904, which helped start the European arms race that was a cause of World War I. The war also contributed to the Russian Revolution and to the Russian Civil War in 1917. Vladimir Lenin, who helped start the revolution, wanted Russia to lose the war since that showed that the tsar was losing power.

 

Goodison Park

Goodison Park is the stadium of the English football club Everton FC and is in the heart of the City of Liverpool. Everton FC is one of the founder members of the football league and holds the record as the longest serving football club in the top tier of English Football. 

WikiLeaks

WikiLeaks is a non-profit organization which uses its website to publish governmental, private data, corporate or religious documents that had previously been secret. The website was started in 2006 by Julian Assange. It had over 1.2 million documents in its database by the time one year had passed. Usually, it does not give out the names and addresses of people who post documents. The site is based in Sweden. Though its name is similar to Wikipedia, it is not related to Wikipedia or the Wikimedia Foundation. The name was chosen because WikiLeaks used a wiki model at first, where people could edit the site, but it has since changed and is no longer open for editing.

In July 2010, WikiLeaks was in the news for publishing over 76,900 documents related to the War in Afghanistan. In October that same year, WikiLeaks posted almost 400,000 documents that were about the War in Iraq.

This was the largest ever leak of documents about the US Army. It reported mainly on deaths of civilians, soldiers, and sightings of homemade bombs or armed civilians.

On 28 November 2010, WikiLeaks and five major newspapers - from Spain ("El País"), France ("Le Monde"), Germany ("Der Spiegel"), the United Kingdom ("The Guardian"), and the United States ("The New York Times") - all began to publish the first 291 of 251,287 confidential diplomatic cables from 274 embassies dated from 1966–2010. WikiLeaks plans to release all of the cables in phases over several months.

This leak was widely covered by the international media, as many of the leaks contained information that affected countries other than the United States. Some leaks were published by other news organizations like Fairfax Media. White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said that an "open and transparent government is something that the President believes is truly important. But the stealing of classified information and its dissemination is a crime".

In August 2016, WikiLeaks posted more than 20,000 emails from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) that showed they tried to undermine Bernie Sanders.



Eugowra

Eugowra is a town in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. The town is placed west of the state capital, Sydney. In 2006, 535 people lived in Eugowra.

The word "Eugowra" comes from an Australian aboriginal word meaning ""the place where the sand washes down the hill"". The first people to live in the Eugowra area were the Wiradjuri people. Europeans first began exploring the area in 1815. John Oxley went through the area on his trip to explore the inland of NSW in 1817. Farming began at Eugowra station (farm) in 1834.

The town was started in the 1860s on the site of the farm. This was where the track for people going to the Lachlan gold fields crossed the Mandagery Creek. A bridge was built over the creek, and then the John Bull Hotel (later the Fat Lamb Hotel) was built next to it. In 1881, the town was laid out and a police station, courthouse and school were built. The creek has flooded many times; in 2005 it had a flood peak of . This cut the town in two, and water flowed through many buildings and houses.

Australia's biggest gold robbery took place near Eugowra. The bushrangers, Frank Gardiner, Ben Hall and their gang robbed the Forbes to Orange Ford and Company coach on 15 June, 1862. The bushrangers stole of gold and £3,700 in cash. The value in 2008 money is about A$4 million. The site of the robbery was a gully north of Eugowra, known as Eugowra Rocks. Coaches and wagons had to slow down to get around a steep gully which went down to Mandagery Creek. They also had to get past many large granite rocks. One of these rocks was called "Coonbong" (dead man) by the Wiradjuri people. Gardiner’s gang stopped two bullock wagons and left them in the middle of the road. When the gold escort coach arrived it had to slow right down and try to get past the wagons. The bushrangers, hidden behind the rocks, fired their guns at the coach. The coach driver and two policemen were wounded. One policeman had been shot in the testicles. The horses reared up and the coach was tipped on its side. One policemen assisted the wounded and they escaped into the bush. They went towards the Eugowra homestead for help. The other policeman went back down the road to a small hotel, Lyell's Shanty.

The bushrangers took the gold and money. They put it onto the back of one of the coach horses. They went back to their horses which had been hidden up the hill. They escaped into the bush and stopped at the southern end of Noble’s Lagoon to share out the bags of gold. They went to Mount Wheogo, north of the Weddin Mountains, where Gardiner had his camp.

A local farmer, Hanbury Clements, heard the gun shots and went to find out what was going on. He found the wounded men and helped them back to the farm house. He got on to his horse and rode the to Forbes in the dark in less than three hours to report the robbery. The police arrived quickly, and with the help of an aboriginal tracker, Jimmy Dargan, they were soon following the bushrangers. Gardiner’s camp at Wheogo had a good view of the country. John "the Warrigal Walsh", (the brother of Ben Hall's wife), warned the bushrangers that the police were coming and the gang got away.

Most of the gold was still loaded on the back of the very tired coach horse. The bushrangers finally had to leave the horse in the foothills of the Weddin Mountains. They only took the money with them. The police got most of the gold back. Only Ben Hall and Frank Gardiner's share of the gold was not found.


Today, the town has a supermarket, two hotels, a newsagent, a butcher and golf and bowling clubs. There is also farm supplies, a lucerne plant and a sawmill. Eugowra is famous for its granite. More than 2000 slabs of granite were used in the new Parliament House, Canberra in Canberra.


Californication (album)

Californication is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on June 8, 1999 on record label Warner Bros. Records. The producer was Rick Rubin. On "Californication", John Frusciante returned to "Red Hot Chili Peppers". He had appeared on "Mother's Milk" and "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", but Dave Navarro was the guitarist on the band's last album, "One Hot Minute". The band's sound was very different because of Frusciante's return.

Dan Kelly

Dan Kelly (1 June 1861 – 28 June 1880) was an Australian bushranger and outlaw. The son of an Irish convict, he was the youngest brother of bushranger Ned Kelly. Dan and his brother killed three policemen. With two friends, they formed the Kelly Gang. Dan Kelly died during the famous siege of Glenrowan.

More books have been written about the Kelly Gang than any other subject in Australian history. The Kelly Gang were the subject of the world's first full-length feature movie, "The Story of the Kelly Gang", made in 1906. They robbed banks, took over whole towns, and kept the people in Victoria and New South Wales frightened. For two years the Victorian police searched for them and locked up their friends and families, but could not find them. 

Dan Kelly's father, John "Red" Kelly, was an Irishman, a convict who had been sent to Van Diemen's Land in 1842. He would have been kept in the convict gaol at Port Arthur.

In 1848, after his time in gaol, Red Kelly moved to Victoria, and began working as a farmer around Beveridge. There he built a simple wooden house. The house in Kelly Street is still standing. The original three rooms have been added to over the years, and the house now has 11 rooms.

Red married an Irish girl, Ellen Quinn, in Melbourne in 1850. They had seven children: Annie (1853), Edward "Ned" (1854), Maggie (1856), Jim (1859), Dan (1861), Kate (1862) and Grace (1863).

In 1864, Dan Kelly's family moved north to a farm at Avenel. Red Kelly stole a calf and was sent to gaol for six months. Dan was in trouble with the police when he was five years old because they believed he had stolen a horse. Dan's father died in 1866, and in 1867, his mother, Ellen Kelly, moved the family to a small farm near Greta in north east Victoria. Ellen Kelly's two sisters, Catherine and Jane Lloyd, were living at Greta, and her two brothers, John and James Quinn, had moved to the area in 1864. The Quinn family were well known to the police. Dan Kelly was again in trouble with the law when he was only 10 years old. He and his brother Jim, aged 12, were arrested by Constable Flood for riding a horse that did not belong to them. Jim was working for a local farmer and had taken the horse to ride home on. Flood did not believe them, and the boys were forced to spend two nights in a prison cell.
In 1875, like many other young men in north east Victoria, Dan Kelly and his cousins, the Lloyds, went to New South Wales to look for seasonal farm work in the Riverina area and on the Monaro High Plains. His group of friends were known as "the Greta mob". They went out together to hotels, dances and horse races. By 1876, they were well known for their visits to nearby towns such as Wangaratta, Beechworth and Benalla.

On one visit to Benalla in 1876, Dan was arrested for stealing a saddle. The police let him go when they could not get enough evidence. Dan and his cousins got into trouble with the police in October 1877. They had gone to a shop to pick up food and other supplies, but the shop was shut. When the owner refused to open the shop, Dan Kelly broke down the door. They were charged with violent assault, damage to property (the door), breaking into houses and stealing things worth £113. The boys went into hiding, and the police spent three weeks looking for them. Constable Alexander Fitzpatrick told Ned Kelly to get them to give themselves up. In court, the police were not able to prove most of the charges, but Dan went to prison for one month for damaging property worth £10.

On 15 April 1878, Constable Fitzpatrick, went to the Kelly's house to arrest Dan Kelly for stealing horses. Dan had been seen in Chiltern riding a stolen horse. What happened at the house is now called the "Fitzpatrick incident". There was a fight with Fitzpatrick, and he said the Kelly family had tried to kill him. Dan and Ned went into the bush to hide. Ellen Kelly was sent to gaol for three years for attempted murder. Maggie's husband, William Skillion, and a neighbour, William Williamson, were sent to gaol for six years.

Ned and Dan Kelly went into the bush to a place in the Wombat Ranges. Dan Kelly had built a small hut some time earlier on Bullock Creek, where he had cleared an area of about to keep horses. He had also built a small still for making alcohol. The brothers spent their time searching for gold in the creek.

During the months they were hiding at Bullock Creek, they were often visited by their friends including Steve Hart, Joe Byrne, Aaron Sherritt and the Lloyds. The police took the charge of attempted murder very seriously. A reward of £100 was offered for the capture of the two Kelly boys. The police thought the brothers were hiding in the Wombat Ranges. In October 1878, they sent two search groups out to find them. One group travelled south from Greta, and the other started from Mansfield and travelled north.

The Mansfield group was led by Sergeant Michael Kennedy, with three policemen; Constables Thomas McIntyre, Thomas Lonigan, and Michael Scanlon. They set up a camp at Stringybark Creek in a thick forest area. Kennedy and Scanlon went searching for the Kellys, while Lonigan and McIntyre remained at the camp. The Kellys were living in a hut close by at Bullock Creek. They heard noises and discovered the police camp. They decided to capture the policemen and take their guns and horses. Ned and Dan, and friends Joe Byrne and Steve Hart, went to the police camp and told them to surrender.

Constable McIntyre put his arms up, but Lonigan got out his gun. Ned Kelly shot him dead. When the other two police came back to camp, McIntyre told them to surrender. Scanlon went for his gun but Ned shot him dead. Kennedy ran shooting from tree to tree with Ned chasing him. During the shooting, Kennedy was shot and was badly wounded. Ned shot him in the chest to end his suffering. McIntyre was able to escape during the confusion. It was later reported in the newspapers that it was Dan who had shot Kennedy. Dan was wounded during the shooting.

The Victorian government passed a law on 30 October 1878, making the Kelly Gang outlaws; they no longer had any legal rights. They could be shot by anyone, at any time, without warning. Anyone who could capture one of the Gang, alive or dead, would be paid a reward of £500, or £2,000 for the four men. The bushrangers were seen at several places around north east Victoria. They had tried to cross the Murray River into New South Wales, but the water was too deep. The police had several large groups hunting for them. On 10 December, the Kelly Gang robbed the bank at Euroa. In February 1879, they went to Jerilderie, New South Wales. They locked the town's policemen in the police station cells, and kept many people prisoner in the Royal Mail Hotel for three days. Dan Kelly and Steve Hart kept the people in the hotel, while Ned Kelly and Joe Byrne robbed the bank. After the bank robberies, the reward was increased to £2,000 for each man, or the larger amount of £8,000 for the Gang.

Over the next 18 months many policemen were sent to north-east Victoria to search for the Kelly Gang. The police could not find the bushrangers because they were badly led and they did not know how to live in the bush. However the Kellys were experts in living in the bush and they had the support of the local people.

In June 1880, the Kelly Gang came out of hiding. They knew that Joe Byrne's friend, Aaron Sherritt, had been giving information to the police. Four policemen were living at Sherritt's house, near Beechworth, to protect him. Dan Kelly and Byrne went to Sherritt's house late at night and knocked on the door. When Sherritt opened the door, Byrne shot him dead. The policemen were hiding under the bed. Kelly and Byrne rode quickly back to Glenrowan where Ned Kelly and Hart had forced many of the town people into a hotel, the Glenrowan Inn. They also had forced railway workers to pull up the train tracks. They knew that more police would be sent by train to Beechworth to find them. They wanted the train to crash when it reached the place where tracks had been removed near Glenrowan. The bushrangers, wearing homemade armour, would then capture any of the policemen that were alive after the crash. With the police out of the way, the Kelly Gang would then go into Benalla and rob the bank. The captured police would be released when Ellen Kelly, William Williamson, and William Skillion, were let out of gaol.

The plan did not work because the four policemen did not come out of Sherritt's house until the next morning. This meant that the news of the murder did not reach Melbourne as quickly as the Kelly Gang had hoped. The people held prisoner in the hotel became restless. Ned organised music and Dan joined in dancing to keep the people in the hotel entertained. Dan also organised some sporting games including long jump and hop, step and jump. Dan wanted to leave Glenrowan when they knew the plan was not going to work because the train was late. Ned Kelly let Thomas Curnow, the school teacher, go home to his wife. Dan told his brother not to trust Curnow, and to keep him at the hotel. Instead of going home, Curnow went to the railway and about 3.00am he was able to stop the train before it reached the broken rails. The police quickly left the train and placed themselves around the hotel so that the Kelly Gang was trapped inside.

When the bushrangers heard the train pull into the station, they knew their plan to destroy the train had failed. They put on their suits of armour and went on to the verandah of the hotel to wait for the police. In the first few shots, police Superintendent Hare, Ned Kelly and Joe Byrne were wounded, and Jack Jones, son of the hotel owner was killed. Ned Kelly, who was dressed in his armour, was able to leave the hotel and kept shooting at the police. The police fired their guns into the hotel building for seven hours. It is estimated that 15,000 bullets were fired during the shooting. Byrne died after being shot in the groin. Ned Kelly went back to the hotel but could not find Dan or Steve Hart who were hiding in a back room. He again left and tried to find his horse. Ned Kelly was shot in the legs as he searched outside for his brother. The police were then easily able to capture him.

At 10.00am there was a large crowd of people watching the action. Police Inspector Sadleir was forced to stop the shooting to allow many of the hostages to escape. He would not let Dan's sister Maggie, or a Catholic priest Father Gibney, go into the hotel to tell the men to give themselves up. Instead, he ordered that a cannon be sent from Melbourne so that they could destroy the hotel.

At 2.30pm, the police set fire to the building to try and make the rest of the Kelly Gang leave the building. Father Gibney ignored the police and went into the burning building. He found Dan Kelly and Steve Hart dead in a back room of the hotel. He said their bodies were lying side by side, their heads resting on blankets. Byrne's body was dragged out of the hotel, but the bodies of Hart and Kelly were badly burned during the fire. People who saw the burned and blackened bodies were unable to tell which was Dan Kelly and which was Steve Hart. They were placed on sheets of bark from a tree and photographed. Three Glenrowan people held prisoner inside the hotel died during the siege.

Family members, including his sisters, Kate and Maggie, and friends took the bodies back to Greta. The police tried to get the bodies back, and sent a group of 16 policemen to Greta, but they became worried that this would start another fight and they went back to Benalla. Dan Kelly and Steve Hart were buried in unmarked graves at Greta, on 30 June 1880. About 100 people were at the funeral, with Dan's cousin, Tom Lloyd, as the undertaker, and a Greta farmer, Daniel O'Keefe, acting as a preacher. After the graves were filled in, the whole area was ploughed over to keep the site of the graves hidden. The family was worried that the police would still try to get the bodies.

After Glenrowan, Dan Kelly and Steve Hart's armour was taken by the police and kept at Benalla. Ned Kelly's armour was sent to Melbourne to be used at his trial. Joe Byrne's armour was sent to the police depot in Richmond. At the end of 1880, all the pieces were in Melbourne. One set of armour was given to Sir William Clarke. Over the years the pieces became mixed up. In 2002, the State Library of Victoria and the police exchanged some pieces to try and get the sets complete. The State Library has Ned's armour, Joe's is still owned by the Clarke family, and the police have Dan and Steve's armour which can be seen at the Victoria Police Museum in Melbourne Australia.

Because it was not possible to prove how they died, or that the bodies were really Dan and Steve, there have been many stories about what might have happened. It is possible they may have killed themselves. This was the story that was used in the first Kelly movie, "The Story of the Kelly Gang" in 1906, and in the 2003 Ned Kelly movie. There have also been stories that both survived the fire. There is little evidence to support these claims. One man, James Ryan, said he was Dan Kelly. In 1934 he went on stage at the Brisbane Exhibition and told stories about the Kelly Gang. He died on 29 July 1948, after being struck by a train. The Ipswich City Council have put a memorial on his grave. In 2001, scientists took a small piece of bone from the grave of Charles Devine Tindall at Toowoomba, Queensland, to see if they could find DNA to prove he was Dan Kelly. Devine, who had burn scars on his body, told his family he was really Dan. He said he had hidden under the floor of the Glenrowan hotel and escaped after the fire. In October 1902, a Melbourne newspaper printed a story that Dan Kelly and Steve Hart were living in South Africa. The men had fought in the Second Boer War. Another man, Jim Davis from Darra (a suburb of Brisbane, Queensland), said in 1938 that he was Dan Kelly. He claimed that he, Steve Hart and Joe Byrne had escaped from the hotel. He also said he was born at the Eureka Stockade in 1854, which makes him too old to have really been Dan.

The story of Dan and Ned Kelly has been told many times. There have been more books written about the Kelly Gang than any other event in Australian history. The very first full-length movie in the world, made in 1906, was "The Story of the Kelly Gang". In the 2003 Ned Kelly movie starring Heath Ledger as Ned Kelly, the part of Dan Kelly was played by Laurence Kinlan. Orlando Bloom played the part of Joe Byrne.

In 2012 a pistol was put up for sale which had "1876 DAN KELLY" carved into it. A pistol was known to have been found at Glenrowan after the siege but it is now lost. The pistol being sold was found on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River in 1900. It is a muzzle load single shot pistol made for the East India Company Cavalry.


By the Way

By the Way is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on July 9, 2002 by record label Warner Bros. Records. It sold over 282,000 copies in the first week, and reached the number two position on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking". The lyrics on the album were about different things to past Red Hot Chili Peppers albums. However, some critics thought it was similar to the previous album, "Californication", but more a bit more serious.

Stadium Arcadium

Stadium Arcadium is the ninth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on May 9, 2006 by record label Warner Bros. Records. It sold 442,000 copies in the U.S. in the first week. It also appeared in the number one position on the "Billboard" 200 chart. According to Anthony Kiedis, "Stadium Arcadium" was going to be three different albums that the band would release; one every six months. However, they changed their mind and made one big double album. Critics said in reviews of "Stadium Arcadium" that the music on it was not very original, and was similar to the band's older work. However, they said it was still very good music. "Stadium Arcadium" won a Grammy Award, and so did "Dani California", the first single.

KSpread

KSpread is a free software spreadsheet program that is part of KOffice, an office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment.

Among KSpread features are multiple sheets per document, assorted formatting possibilities, support for more than 100 built-in functions, templates, chart, spell-check, hyperlinks, data sorting and scripting with Python, Ruby and Javascript.

KSpread native format is XML, compressed with ZIP. However, KSpread has the ability to import several different spreadsheet formats, including those from Microsoft Excel, Applix Spreadsheet, Quattro Pro, CSV and OpenOffice.org Calc.



Nanterre

Nanterre is a town in the west suburbs of Paris, France. Nanterre is the prefecture (capital) of the Hauts-de-Seine département and is in the Île-de-France region. Its population is about 84,000 (March 8, 1999 census). Its density is about 7,200/km². 

Eastern Nanterre, contains a part of the La Défense business district of Paris and some of the tallest buildings in Paris. The city of Nanterre also includes the University called Paris X – Nanterre, and its one of the largest in the Paris region.


Créteil

Créteil is a city in the southeast suburb of Paris, France. It is the prefecture of the Val-de-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.

Créteil is twinned with:


IWork

iWork is a suite of programs created by Apple Inc., containing Pages, a word processing and desktop publishing program, Keynote, a presentation package and Numbers, a spreadsheet program.

Although iWork is called "a successor to AppleWorks" by Apple, it does not have the functions of AppleWorks's database and drawing tools. Also, it does not compete directly with the Mac version of Microsoft Office, but instead offers tools with a different focus (presentation, rather than analysis) at a lower price. It is made to integrate with other applications from Apple's iLife Suite. Although iLife comes free on every Mac, iWork is sold separately. From February to March 2008, a free 30-day trial of iWork was installed on every new Mac bought during that time, but now the trial must be downloaded from online. It is still given with copies of iLife. It was later sold for $19.99 per app on OS X and $9.99 per app on iOS. In October 2013 Apple announced that all iOS and OS X devices purchased onwards, whether new or refurbished, were eligible for a free download of all three iWork apps. iWork for iCloud, which also incorporates a document hosting service, is free to all holders of an iCloud account. iWork was released as freeware for macOS and iOS in April 2017. In September 2016, Apple announced that the real-time collaboration feature would be available for all iWork apps.
iWork '05 was launched on January 11, 2005 and had the new version 2 of Keynote and the first release of Pages. Before it was released, what would become iWork was said to be an add-on, upgrade, or new release of AppleWorks.

On January 10, 2006, Apple introduced iWork '06 at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco, which upgraded Pages to version 2 and Keynote to version 3. New features common to both applications included 3D charts, tables with formula support, reviewer comments, and shaped image masking. The addition of tables with formula support may have been added to quiet rumors of an Apple spreadsheet application. Since iWork's focus is on presentation, Apple gave a way to put most common spreadsheet features into a table while providing only limited additional functionality.

iWork '08 was announced on August 7, 2007 at a special event at Apple's Cupertino campus. New versions of Pages and Keynote were introduced, as was a new spreadsheet application, Numbers. Despite this, hard disk space requirements were reduced from 1.85 GB in iWork '06 to 690 MB in iWork '08. iWork '08 was the end of AppleWorks which was not sold anymore a week later. iWork 08 drops support for Mac OS X v10.3 'Panther'.


KPresenter

KPresenter is a free presentation program that is part of KOffice, an office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment.

KPresenter's native format is XML, compressed with ZIP. KPresenter is also able to load presentations from Microsoft PowerPoint, MagicPoint and OpenOffice.org Impress documents.



Aulnay-sous-Bois

Aulnay-sous-Bois is a town and commune in the northeast suburb of Paris, France. It is in the Île-de-France region and the Seine-Saint-Denis department. About 80,000 people lived there in 1999. The people who live there are called the "Aulnaysiens".

In October and November 2005, it was badly affected by riots.

Vitry-sur-Seine

Vitry-sur-Seine is a town and commune in the southeast suburb of Paris, France. It is in the Île-de-France region and the Val-de-Marne department. About 79,000 people lived there in 1999.


Distrito Nacional

The Distrito Nacional is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo, so it is not in any of the provinces. It is a municipality but, in some aspects, it is like a province; for example, it elects one senator to the congress.

Before 16 October 2001, the Distrito Nacional was much larger, including what is now the Santo Domingo Province.

The Distrito Nacional ("National District") is in the south coast of the country. It has the Santo Domingo province to the north, east and west, and the Caribbean Sea to the south.

The Distrito Nacional was created by the Dominican constitution of 1844 as a province: the "Santo Domingo" province (different from the modern province of the same name). It had the municipalities of Santo Domingo, Baní, San Cristóbal, San José de Los Llanos, Monte Plata, Bayaguana and Boyá.

In 1932, its name was changed to "Provincia Nacional" and all municipalities that were to the north of the Isabela and Ozama rivers became part of the San Cristóbal province.

In 1934, the name was changed to "Distrito Nacional" and, instead of a province, it became like a municipality. The name was changed again to "Distrito de Santo Domingo" but the 1955 constitution changed it back to "Distrito Nacional".

In (last national census), there were people living in the Distrito Nacional, second only to the Santo Domingo province. The population density was persons/km², the highest density in the country.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 2nd (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated administrative division.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 1,015,150 inhabitants.

The Distrito Nacional is a single municipality, with a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 32nd, the smallest administrative division of the country.

The two important rivers in the Distrito Nacional are Ozama and Isabela. The river Ozama is the eastern limit of the Distrito Nacional and separates it from Santo Domingo Este, head municipality of the Santo Domingo province. The river Isabela, a tributary of the Ozama, is the northern limit of the Distrito Nacional and separates it from Santo Domingo Norte.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, warm during the whole year.

Duarte Province

The Duarte Province is a Dominican province; it is found in the northeastern part of the country. It has the name of one of the Founding Fathers of the country, Juan Pablo Duarte.

It was created in 1896 as a district (an old country subdivision) with the name "Distrito Pacificador" but the Constitution of 1907 changed all districts to provinces. In 1925 its name was changed to "Duarte".

The Duarte province is bordered on the east by the María Trinidad Sánchez and Samaná provinces, on the south by the Monte Plata and Sánchez Ramírez provinces, on the west by the La Vega and Hermanas Mirabal provinces and on the north by the Espaillat and María Trinidad Sánchez provinces.

The area that currently forms the Duarte province was originally part of La Vega province until 1885 when it was made part of the Espaillat province.

In 1896, this part of the country was made a province, including some coastal towns that are now part of the María Trinidad Sánchez province. With the creation of this last province in 1959, the Duarte province lost all coastal areas and became a landlocked province (surrounded by other provinces by all sides). At this time, the municipalities of the Duarte province were San Francisco de Macorís, Castillo, Pimentel and Villa Riva, with Hostos as a municipal district.

Arenoso was made a municipality in 1993, Las Guáranas in 1998 and Hostos (with the name of Eugenio María de Hostos) in 2004.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Duarte province, and 191,878 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 8th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 295,741 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Francisco de Macorís, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in 2010) of 149,508 inhabitants. Other big cities are Pimentel and Castillo.

The Duarte province has a total area of . It has 3.3% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 13th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

There are two geographical regions in the province: the northern half with the "Cordillera Septentrional" (in English, "Northern mountain range"); and the southern half, in the "Cibao Oriental" ("Eastern Cibao"), the eastern part of "Cibao" Valley.

There are two main roads in the province. The first road comes from Moca and Salcedo and goes to the southeast and then to the north to end in Nagua, on the northern coast.

The second road is shorter than the first and is a branch of the "Carretera Duarte" (Duarte National Road) that ends in San Francisco de Macorís.

Most rivers in the province are short and have their sources in the "Cordillera Septentrional". Most of them flow to the south and are tributaries of the "Camú" or "Yuna" rivers; Camú is the main tributary of Yuna and these two rivers mark the southern limit of the province and flow from west to east.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "Trade winds" (winds that come from the Atlantic Ocean, filled with water), which blow from the Atlantic all year long. Rains are common in this province, mainly in the northern mountains where there are rainforests.

There are 7 municipalities and 11 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products are coffee in the mountains, rice in the southern and eastern part of the province and cacao in the low mountains and those parts of the valley close to the mountains.

Other important economic activity is cattle raising. There are several industries, especially textiles and food, in San Francisco de Macorís.


Jamie Noble

James Gibson (born December 23, 1976) better known by his ring name Jamie Noble, is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and as a road agent/producer to SmackDown's cruiserweight division. He is also known for his appearances with Ring of Honor, where he won the World Championship, and World Championship Wrestling in its cruiserweight division and is a one time Cruiserweight Champion.

Paul London

Paul Sanchez-Garcia London (born April 16, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He was formally signed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) performing on its Raw brand.

After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy, London began competing for Ring of Honor, where although he never won a title, began popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves. He later competed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE, and various independent promotions, winning numerous championships and won the ECWA Super 8 Tournament in 2003.

London made his debut in WWE in late 2003, and immediately began teaming with fellow cruiserweight Spanky, (Brian Kendrick). After Kendrick briefly left WWE, London formed a tag team with Billy Kidman, and together they won the WWE Tag Team Championship. After their split, London began competing in the cruiserweight division, and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. In late 2006, Kendrick returned, and the two reformed as a team. London and Kendrick were previously managed by WWE Diva, Ashley Massaro, who London has previously dated. The team split when Kendrick was drafted to the SmackDown brand in June 2008.

In WWE, London is a former WWE Cruiserweight Champion, World Tag Team Champion, and two-time WWE Tag Team Champion. During his second reign as WWE Tag Team champion, London and his partner, Brian Kendrick, became the longest reigning WWE Tag Team Champions since the title's creation.

He was released from his WWE contract in late 2008.

Val Venis

Sean Allen Morley (born March 6 1971), better known by his ring name Val Venis, is a Canadian retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his time wrestling for the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment from 1998 to 2008. During his career in WWF/E, Morley has held the Intercontinental Championship twice, European Championship once and World Tag Team Championship once with Lance Storm. He played the character of an adult film star.


I Don't Care (Fall Out Boy song)

"I Don't Care" is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy and the lead single from their fifth studio album "Folie à Deux" in 2008. It reached No. 21 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 songs chart and has sold over 1 million copies in the US.

Joy Giovanni

Joy Giovanni (born January 20, 1978) is an American actress, glamour model, and former WWE Diva. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment, where she worked on their "SmackDown!" brand.

Youngstown, New York

Youngstown is a village of Niagara County in the state of New York in the United States. 1,859 people were living here as of 2020.

Barney Dreyfuss

Bernhard "Barney" Dreyfuss (February 23 1865 – February 5 1932) was a German-American executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932.

Dreyfuss was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2008 following his election by the Veterans Committee.

Brother Bear 2

Brother Bear 2 is a 2006 American animated direct-to-video road movie and the sequel to the animated feature "Brother Bear", which was released on August 29, 2007. Melissa Etheridge contributed three songs to the movie. In the movie, the adventures of bear brothers Kenai and Koda continue. While the first movie dealt with Kenai's relationship with Koda, this one focuses more on his bond with a young human of his past, Nita.

Only five of the original characters return for the sequel (excluding Denahi): Kenai, Koda, Rutt, Tuke, and Tug, as Jason Raize died on February 3, 2005. Only four of those actors came back to do their original roles: Jeremy Suarez, Rick Moranis, Dave Thomas, and Michael Clarke Duncan.

Producer Jim Ballantine was removed from the project and replaced with Carolyn Bates. Jason Marsden, as heard in the first trailer, was originally announced to voice Kenai, after being voiced by Joaquin Phoenix in the first film; Patrick Dempsey ultimately voiced the character. However, the end credits still note Marsden as one of the additional voices.


Additional voices were provided by Wayne Allwine, Bob Bergen, Dave Foley, Bill Hader, Julie Kavner, Jason Marsden, Laraine Newman, Steve Purcell, Martin Short, Bobb'e J. Thompson, Erik von Detten and Owen Wilson.

"Brother Bear 2" did better in critical response than "Brother Bear 1", with a higher rating of 50% in Rotten Tomatoes, indicating mixed-to-positive reviews. The consensus is "the story seems lacking along with some annoying plot holes, but "Brother Bear 2" is a worth-watching fun family film that will entertain kids and adults along the way".


The Geysers

The Geysers, a geothermal power field of 72 miles (116 km) north of San Francisco, California, is the largest geothermal development in the world. It produces over 750 MW. The Geysers has 22 separate power plants that use steam from more than 350 producing wells. The Calpine Corporation operates and owns 19 of the 22 facilities.

The Geysers was found by European Americans. It was named in 1847 by John Fremont during his research.

Between 1848 and 1854, Geysers worked as a spa complex "The Geysers Resort Hotel." It was visited by such famous people as Ulysses S. Grant, Theodore Roosevelt and Mark Twain. But in 1938, the main building was destroyed in a landslide.

Five of the Geysers plants were destroyed in the Valley Fire of September 2015.

The Geysers Geothermal Power Development project was named as a California Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.

Wind power

Wind power is the conversion of the energy in wind into a more useful form of energy, like electricity. It is a renewable source of energy that helps to cut down on the pollution of earth's air. 

Wind power capacity has expanded quickly to 336 GW in June 2014, and wind energy production was about 4% of total worldwide electricity usage, and growing fast. Wind power is widely used in European countries, and more recently in the United States and Asia. In 2012 wind power accounted for approximately 30% of electricity generation in Denmark, 20% in Portugal and 18% in Spain.

Wind power stations use the wind to turn a turbine which turns a magnet inside a coil (a type of generator). The wind has kinetic energy (movement energy) which is changed into mechanical energy by the blades on the turbine. The turbine then turns a generator which creates electrical energy (voltage). The turbine is usually connected by a gearbox to help control the speed it turns the generator. 

Wind power stations have the advantage over fossil fuel power stations as they do not produce any greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide or water vapour. They also do not produce for gases that helps to make acid rain such as sulphur dioxide. They also make the environment safer and less pollution is caused.

Wind turbines have to be carefully placed. They must be in positions where there is a constant, steady supply of wind. In fact, the wind must not become too strong or it may damage the turbine. Because wind is uncontrollable, so is the amount of power that wind turbines will produce, making them a possibly unreliable source of energy.
Some people also consider wind turbines to be ugly and unsightly. Also, huge numbers of electricity pylons ("transmission towers") are built on land to carry the electricity to the electric company. These pylons in areas of natural beauty are a major reason for local people to object to wind farms and their consequences.



Serbian Dinar

Dinar () is the official currency in Serbia. Its denominations are 1 dinar, 2 dinars, 5 dinars, 10 dinars and 20 dinars (coins which are not used often anymore), and 10 dinars, 20 dinars, 50 dinars, 100 dinars, 200 dinars, 500 dinars, 1000 dinars, 2000 dinars and 5000 dinars (banknotes). Its code is RSD. This currency can be exchanged.

Avenel, Victoria

Avenel is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is in the Shire of Strathbogie local government area. At the 2006 census, 728 people lived in Avenel. The town was built on the old Hume Highway. The new Hume Freeway now goes around the town. The town has sporting clubs for football, netball, tennis, cricket and lawn bowls. The town is about 15 minutes north-east of Seymour along the Hume Highway.

Bushranger Ned Kelly lived in Avenel when he was young. He saved a boy from drowning in Hughes Creek and was given a green silk sash as a reward. He was wearing this sash under his armour when he was captured by the police after the Siege of Glenrowan. His brother and father are buried in the Avenel cemetery.

There is a railway station in Avenel which is on the main line between Melbourne and Albury.

One Hot Minute

One Hot Minute is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on September 12, 1995 by record label Warner Bros. Records. John Frusciante had left the band after their previous album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", so Dave Navarro joined as the new guitarist.

Red Hot Chili Peppers' music was very different because of Navarro. "One Hot Minute" is less about sex and love than the band's previous work, but is instead about themes like drugs and depression. It also had some heavy metal guitar riffs. Anthony Kiedis had become addicted to cocaine and heroin in 1994, so some of the lyrics he wrote were about the effects of drugs.

"One Hot Minute" did not sell many copies, even though it reached number four on the "Billboard" 200 chart. "Blood Sugar Sex Magik" sold twice as many copies as "One Hot Minute". In 1998, Navarro was asked to leave the band. Red Hot Chili Peppers told the media it was because they and Navarro liked to make different kinds of music. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic said that ""One Hot Minute" is as musically ambitious as "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", but is even more unfocused, which means it provides the fewest thrills of any of the group's albums."

Greta, Victoria

Greta is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is east of the city of Benalla. The local government that looks after Greta is the Rural City of Wangaratta. At the 2006 census, there were 231 people living in and around Greta. 

The area had four villages, all of which were called Greta at some time. The first township known as Greta, on Fifteen Mile Creek, is now called Greta West. The name is thought to come from Greta River in Cumberland, England.

After gold was found near Beechworth in 1852, roads to the gold diggings passed through the Greta area. At that time, there was a large swamp, which was later drained. The town site was laid out at Fifteen Mile Creek in 1852. During the 1860s the land was sold into small farm lots, used for cereals, cattle grazing, and dairying. At this time the township started with the Post Office opened on September 4, 1863. It closed in 1971, though post offices at Greta West and Greta South remained open until 1994.

In 1867 a Catholic school was started. By the 1880s there were 5 schools in the Greta area; Greta, Greta South, Greta West, Hansonville, and Fifteen Mile Creek. Today, only 2 of the 5 schools remain; Greta Valley and Fifteen Mile School Camp.

The nearby city of Benalla was joined to the railway in 1873. This meant that less people passed through Greta. It became mainly a farming area.

A Methodist church was started in 1878 and an Anglican church in 1890. A public hall was built in 1916.

Bushranger Ned Kelly's family lived on a small farm near Greta. It was in the small cottage at Greta that Constable Fitzpatrick tried to sexually assault Ned's sister, Kate Kelly. In the fight that followed, Fitzpatrick was injured. His mother, Ellen Kelly was put in gaol for 4 years for trying to murder Fitzpatrick. The police tried to arrest Ned and his brother Dan Kelly, but they had escaped into the bush. This was the start of the Kelly Gang.

After the siege at Glenrowan, Dan Kelly and Steve Hart, were buried in the Greta Cemetery. Ellen Kelly died at Greta in 1923, and is buried in the Greta Cemetery. Ned's younger brother, Jim Kelly, lived in the cottage at Greta until 1948. He is buried in the Greta Cemetery.

The town has a football team playing in the Ovens & King Football League.

Alan Ball Jr.

Alan James Ball, Jr., MBE (12 May 1945 – 25 April 2007) was an English World Cup winning football player turned manager. He was born in Farnworth, Lancashire. He is known for career as an international player and at club level for Everton and Arsenal. He died of a heart attack in Warsash, Hampshire.

Everton

Arsenal

Southampton

Vancouver Whitecaps

England

Individual

Individual

Good Life

Good Life is a rap single by Kanye West and featuring T-Pain. The song was released off the album "Graduation". The video was released September of 2007.

Lateral thinking

Lateral thinking is a term invented by Edward de Bono, a Maltese psychologist, physician and writer. It first appeared in the title of his book "The Use of Lateral Thinking", published in 1967. De Bono explains lateral thinking as methods of thinking about changing concepts and perception. Lateral thinking is about reasoning that is not immediately obvious and about ideas that may not be obtainable by using only traditional step-by-step logic. 

Period (physics)

A time period (denoted by 'T'' ) is the time taken for one complete cycle of vibration to pass a given point. As the frequency of a wave increases, the time period of the wave decreases. The unit for time period is 'seconds'. "Frequency" and time "period" are in a reciprocal relationship that can be expressed mathematically as: T = 1/f or as: f = 1/T.



Edward de Bono

Edward Charles Francis Publius de Bono (19 May 1933 – 9 June 2021) was a Maltese physician, author, inventor and consultant. He was best known because he invented the term lateral thinking (structured creativity). He is also very much in favour to explicitly teach thinking in schools.

Most of de Bono's writings are about using lateral thinking to solve problems. In his book "Po: Beyond Yes and No" (1973), de Bono describes what he calls an "open block". This is when people ignore certain things that may solve a problem, because they already have an idea of how the problem should be solved. They may therefore not recognise other solutions to the problem. For example, if a person's car breaks down, the open block of being used to being in a car may cause them to wait for a taxi, ignoring buses passing by, without even reading the destinations.

In this book de Bono suggested a number of techniques for overcoming the open block. This includes going back and challenging assumptions, or generating new ideas for addressing problems. De Bono calls this a "po". A po is an idea that moves thinking forward to a new place from where new ideas or solutions may be found. Po can be taken to mean any of the following: provoking operation, provocative operation or provocation operation.

Quoll

Quolls (genus Dasyurus) are carnivorous marsupials native to Australia and Papua New Guinea. There are six species of quoll, four in Australia and two in New Guinea. 

The name "dasyurus" means "hairy tail". Adults are between 25 and 75 cm long, with hairy tails about 20-35 cm long (about the size of a cat). Like all marsupials, females have a pouch to carry their babies.

Quolls are threatened by eating toxic cane toads, but a University of Sydney project is teaching them not to eat the toads.

The family Dasyurini to which quolls belong also includes the Tasmanian devil, antechinuses, the kowari, and mulgaras.

In the genus "Dasyurus", these species exist:

There is at least one fossil species from the Pliocene, that is "D. dunmalli".

Anesthesiologist

An anesthesiologist (also anaesthesiologist) is a doctor of medicine. An anesthesiologist (American English) or anaesthetist (British English) is a professional trained in anesthesia and perioperative medicine. Terminology varies between countries. The main jobs of an anesthesiologist are:
The first anesthesiologist was John Snow (18131858). 

Wind power in the United States

Wind power in the United States is a growing industry. As of 2011, the total installed capacity of was 42,432 megawatts (MW), making it second in the world, behind China. In 2010 wind power accounted for 2.3% of the electricity generated in the United States. This amounted to 94,650 thousand megawatt-hours of electricity.

Driven by state renewable energy mandates, fourteen states have installed over 1,000 MW of wind capacity, and a total of 37 states now have installed at least some large-scale wind power. Texas, with 10,135 MW of capacity, has the most installed wind power capacity of any U.S. state, followed by Iowa with 3,675 MW. The Roscoe Wind Farm (781 MW) in Texas is the largest wind farm in the US as of 2011.

The U.S. wind industry generates tens of thousands of jobs and billions of dollars. Wind projects boost local tax bases, and help the economy of rural communities by providing a steady income stream to farmers with wind turbines on their land. GE Energy is the largest domestic wind turbine manufacturer.

Necromancy

Necromancy is a form of divination in which a person tries to summon the spirits of the dead. Necromancy is seen by Christians and Jews as black magic and demon-summoning, as the Book of Leviticus 19:31 says: 'do not turn to mediums or necromancers; do not seek them out and so make yourselves unclean.'

Tarot

The Tarot (often Tarot cards) are a set of seventy-eight cards, comprising twenty-two Тrump cards, and four suits of fourteen cards each with four Face cards. In the English speaking world, Tarot cards are mostly used for divination. Tarot cards are also used in many European countries for playing trick taking card games. Cartomancy is to use Tarot cards for divination.

Tarot decks did not come before decks having four suits of the same length. They were invented not for occult purposes but purely for gaming. In 1781, Court de Gébelin published an essay associating the cards with ancient wisdom. This idea was later disproved by Dummett. Tarot cards have been used for cartomancy and divination as well as gaming. Nowadays fortune-tellers tend to use specially-developed tarot decks rather than those used for games. Not just the cards but now there are several websites available online where people go to get their answers. They simply put the data on the lucky wheel and it starts spinning. When it stops, the people know what's written in the cards for them. 

Many websites offer tarot definitions.


Francis Dashwood, 15th Baron le Despencer

Francis Dashwood, 15th Baron le Despencer (December 1708–11 December 1781) was an English rake and politician. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer (1762-1763) and founder of The Hellfire Club.

Dashwood was born in London. He was educated at Eton College where he became associated with William Pitt the Elder. Orphaned at age 16, he went on a Grand Tour of Europe in 1726.

Demonology

Demonology is the study of demons or beliefs about demons. It is the branch of theology relating to superhuman beings or spirits who are not gods.


Megalania

Megalania ("Varanus prisca") was a giant monitor lizard that lived in southern Australia. It was part of a species of megafauna that lived during the Pleistocene, and appears to have disappeared around 40,000 years ago. The first Aboriginal settlers of Australia may have encountered living "Megalania".

"Megalania" is the land-based lizard known to have existed. Judging from its size, "Megalania" would have fed mostly upon medium- to large-sized animals, including any of the giant marsupials like "Diprotodon" .

Ralph Molnar in 2004 determined a range of possible sizes for "Megalania". He did this by scaling up from dorsal vertebrae, after he determined a relationship between dorsal vertebrae length and total body length. If it had a long thin tail like the Lace monitor ("Varanus varius"), then it would have reached a length of . If its tail-to-body proportions were more similar to that of the Komodo dragon, then a length of around is more likely. Using 7 m as the maximum length, Molnar estimated the average weight of the lizard at , and as the maximum.

This is twice the length of their closest living relative, the Komodo dragon of eastern Indonesia.

Pierre Boulle

Pierre François Marie Louis Boulle (20 February 1912 – 30 January 1994) was a French writer. He was born in Avignon, France. Boulle wrote many novels and short stories in French. Two stories became popular English language movies: "Planet of the Apes" and "The Bridge on the River Kwai". Boulle won the award for Best Adapted Screenplay and BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay for "The Bridge over the River Kwai". He is said to have given the shortest acceptance speech in Academy Award history, the single word, ""Merci"", which means "Thank you".

Boulle served in the army in World War II.

Boulle died in Paris on 30 January 1994, at age 81.





The Fool (Tarot card)

The Fool or The Jester ("Il Matto" in Italian) is one of the 78 cards in a Tarot deck. It is one of the 22 Trump cards that make up the Major Arcana and the only one of the major arcana found in the modern playing cards in the role of the joker. The Fool is often numbered 0. It is used in divination as well as in game playing.

Major Arcana

The Major Arcana (Trumps Major, Major Trumps) are twenty two tarot cards in a deck of 78.

American International Group

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) (, , ) is a major American insurance corporation based in New York City. The company's UK headquarters are in London, its Continental Europe operations are based in Paris and its Asian HQ is in Hong Kong. According to the 2008 Forbes Global 2000 list, AIG was the 18th-largest company in the world. It became part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average on April 8, 2004.

On September 16, 2008, the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank announced its plan to lend the insurer $85 billion, U.S. dollars, in exchange for a 79.9% equity stake in the company. 
AIG announced on the same day that its board accepted the terms of the Federal Reserve Bank's loan offer.


Tokyo Stock Exchange

The , or TSE, is in Tokyo, Japan. It is the second-largest stock exchange market in the world by market value, second only to the New York Stock Exchange. It currently lists 2,271 domestic companies and 31 foreign companies, with a total market capitalization of over 5 trillion USD.

The Tokyo Stock Exchange was established in 1878. It is the second oldest stock exchange in Asia.

TSE

The abbreviation TSE can refer to:


Fratton Park

Fratton Park is a football stadium in England. It is the home stadium of Portsmouth F.C.. 

List of Premier League stadiums

Since the beginning of the Premier League, 58 football stadiums have been used to host matches, with one more stadium set to host its first match in the 2016–17 season. The first round of Premier League matches took place on 15 August 1992. 11 clubs hosted the opening fixtures. Following the Hillsborough Disaster in 1989, the Taylor Report suggested the removal of standing terraces by the start of the 1994–95 season. They were replaced by all-seater stadiums.

When Fulham came up from Division 1 in the 2000–2001 season, terraces returned for a short while. This gave them more time to complete the changes. For a bit of time they had to play at Loftus Road after not enough progress was made in converting Craven Cottage. They returned to their home ground after building work was completed in time for the 2004–05 season.

Burnley's Turf Moor stadium became the 50th Premier League stadium on 19 August 2009, where they faced Manchester United. Bournemouth's Dean Court is the most recent stadium to host a Premier League match, when they played their first ever home Premier League match against Aston Villa on 8 August 2015. The next stadium to host its first Premier League match will be London Stadium, new home to West Ham United, when West Ham hosts Bournemouth on 21 August 2016.

Stadiums listed in bold mean they are the home grounds of teams currently in the 2017–18 Premier League season. Those stadiums listed in "italics" have now been demolished.
<br>

Upton Park

Upton Park, or the Boleyn Ground, was previously the home stadium of West Ham United in the East End of London. The club started playing here in 1904. Recently they moved to the Olympic Stadium because the Boleyn Ground was to be made into flats. Many West Ham fans were devastated but many debate that the Olympic Stadium is better.

On the 10th May 2016, the final game was played between West Ham United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. because the ground was sold for demolition. The game finished with West Ham winning 3-2. By July 2016, the seats were removed and it was handed over to the developers for demolition. 

City of Manchester Stadium

The City of Manchester Stadium is a stadium in Manchester, England. More commonly, it is called the Etihad Stadium. The other names for the stadium are COMS or The Council House. The stadium was designed by Arup and built by John Laing. It was first designed as part of Manchester's failed bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics. The stadium was built for the 2002 Commonwealth Games at a cost of £110 million. After the Games, it was turned into a football stadium. It became the home of Manchester City F.C. who moved there from Maine Road in 2003 after signing a 250-year lease.

The stadium is shaped like a bowl. It has two levels all the way around. There is a third level along the two side stands and one of the stands behind the goal. As of the start of the 2010/2011 season, it is the third largest stadium in the FA Premier League and the ninth largest in the United Kingdom, with 55,097 seats. The highest attendance for a football game at the stadium was on 6 February 2016 when 54,693 fans watched Manchester City play Leicester City. On 14 May 2008, it hosted the UEFA Cup Final.

Manchester City F.C. signed an agreement with Manchester City Council in March 2010 to allow redevelopment of land around the stadium. This may include adding more seats to make 60,000 in the stadium. Work on land around the stadium started in September 2010. The club is also talking with Manchester City Council to make a new lease on the stadium for the future.

In 2023 the club got planning permission to make the stadium bigger. The plan is to make room enough for 60,000 seats, build a hotel, a club shop and museum, a sky bar. This will cost about £300 million.

Plans to build a stadium in east Manchester were made around 1990 as part of the city's bid to host the 2000 Summer Olympics. Manchester City Council paid for a design for an 80,000 seat stadium on a brownfield site known as "Eastlands". However, in October 1993, the games were awarded to Sydney, Australia. Manchester then made a successful bid to host the 2002 Commonwealth Games. They used the stadium plans from the Olympic bid. In 1996, the planned stadium competed with Wembley Stadium to gain funding to become the national stadium. The money was used to redevelop Wembley instead.

The City of Manchester Stadium's foundation stone was laid by Prime Minister, Tony Blair, in December 1999. Building began in January 2000. The stadium was designed by Arup and built by John Laing. The stadium cost about £110 million. £77 million of that was paid by Sport England and the rest was paid by the Manchester City Council. For the Commonwealth Games, the stadium had one lower level along three sides of the athletics track. There was a second level on the two sides. It had an open-air temporary stand at one end. The first public event at the stadium was the opening ceremony of the 2002 Commonwealth Games on 25 July 2002. Among the celebrities present at the ceremony was Queen Elizabeth II. During the ten days of competition, the stadium hosted all athletics events and the rugby sevens. Four Commonwealth records were set at the stadium, including the women's triple jump and the women's 5000 m.

After the Commonwealth Games, the stadium was changed so it could be used as a football stadium. Athletics events had been very successful at the Commonwealth Games. Athletics figures such as Jonathan Edwards and Sebastian Coe therefore criticised the decision to change the stadium into a football stadium. Redevelopment was called necessary to give the stadium a future. Sections of the track were removed and placed at other athletics stadiums. The ground level was lowered to make way for another level of seating. The temporary stand was taken apart. It was replaced with a permanent structure of similar design to the existing one at the southern end. This work took a year and added 12,000 seats. Manchester City F.C. moved to the new ground for the 2003–04 season. The change cost over £30 million. It was paid for by the football club.

The first public football match at the stadium was a friendly between Manchester City and Barcelona on 10 August 2003. Manchester City won the game 2–1. The first goal at the stadium was scored by Nicolas Anelka. The first competitive match followed four days later. It was a UEFA Cup game between Manchester City and Welsh Premier League side TNS. City won 5–0. Manchester City started the Premier League season with an away match. They beat Charlton 3–0. Their first home league match in their new stadium was not until 23 August. They drew 1-1 with Portsmouth. David Sommeil scored City's goal. Portsmouth's was scored by Yakubu Aiyegbeni. Their first Premier League win did not come until 14 September. Nicolas Anelka scored a hat-trick to help City beat Aston Villa 4–1. The record football attendance at the stadium is 47,348. It was set at a Premier League game against Chelsea on 5 December 2009.

The stadium has also hosted several other sporting events. It became the 50th stadium to host an England international football match when the English and Japanese national teams played on 1 June 2004. On 30 October of that year, it played host to a rugby league match between Great Britain and Australia in the Tri-Nations series. In June 2005, the stadium hosted England's opening game in the UEFA Women's Championship. It set an attendance record for the competition. It is rated as an elite stadium by UEFA. It hosted the 2008 UEFA Cup Final between Rangers and Zenit St Petersburg.

The stadium has a number of unofficial nicknames. "Eastlands" was used before the stadium was officially named. It is still commonly used. "City of Manchester Stadium" is sometimes abbreviated to "COMS" when written. "The Blue Camp", a pun on Barcelona's Nou Camp, has been used rarely. After the club was taken over by the Emirati Abu Dhabi United Group in 2008, some fans called the stadium "Middle Eastlands" as a joke. The stadium has generally received positive feedback from fans. It came in second behind Old Trafford in a 2005 poll to find the United Kingdom's favourite football ground. As Manchester City Council owns the stadium, it is also called the "Council House" by fans of City's rivals, Manchester United.

The stadium is owned by Manchester City Council. It is leased by the football club. The 2008 takeover made the football club the richest in the world. This led to rumors that the club could think about buying the stadium from the city.

The inside of the City of Manchester Stadium is a full oval bowl. It has three levels of seating at the sides and two levels at each end. While the seating is a full bowl, each side of the stadium has its own name. This is like other football grounds. At first, all sides of the stadium were named by compass direction ("North Stand" and "South Stand" for the ends, "East Stand" and "West Stand" for the sides). In February 2004, after a vote by fans, the West Stand was renamed the "Colin Bell Stand." It was named in honour of the former player. The vote was almost stopped, as it was taken over by rival fans. They hoped the stand would be nicknamed "The Bell End" (even though the stand is to the side, not at an end). However, fans of the club made it clear they wanted the name to stay. The South Stand was officially named the "Key 103 Stand" for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006. Fans mostly ignored this name for it. Part of the North Stand is called the "Family Stand". It is reserved for supporters with children. The East Stand is unofficially known to fans as "the Kippax". It is named after the East Stand from Maine Road. Supporters of visiting teams sit in part of the South Stand. There vxkl vlkzdv the stadium. They are along the West, North and East Stands.

The stadium roof is toroidal (like a doughnut) in shape. It is suspended from steel cables attached to eight towers. These provide access to the upper level of seating via spiral ramps. The areas without seating in each corner have movable louvres. This allows for air to move through the pitch. Entry is gained by contactless smart card rather than the usual manned turnstile. This system can admit up to 1,200 people per minute around all entrances. A service tunnel running under the stadium provides access for emergency vehicles. It allows the visiting team's bus to enter the stadium directly. Inside the stadium are six themed restaurants. Two of restaurants have views of the pitch. There are also a number of conference facilities. The stadium is also licensed for marriage ceremonies.

The City of Manchester Stadium has a UEFA standard dimension pitch, . It has a natural grass pitch reinforced with artificial grass fibres made by Desso. There are 218 floodlights in the stadium. Each uses 2000 watts. In total they use 436,000 watts when they are all on.

The stadium is the centrepiece of an area known as Sportcity. It also includes several other sporting venues. Next to the stadium is the "Manchester Regional Arena". The Arena served as a warm-up track during the Commonwealth Games. It is now a 6,178 capacity venue that hosts national athletics trials and Manchester City reserve team games. The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are close to the stadium. In September 2006, Manchester City received planning permission to build an wind turbine at the stadium. Designed by Norman Foster, the turbine was meant to give power for the stadium and nearby homes. Safety concerns about ice on the blades led to the proposal being stopped. From 2005 to 2009 a Thomas Heatherwick sculpture, "B of the Bang", was present in front of the stadium. Built to honor the success of the 2002 Commonwealth Games, it was the tallest sculpture in the UK. However, structural problems led to the sculpture being taken apart in 2009.

On 30 January 2007, it was announced that the UK's first Super Casino would be built in the Sportcity area close to the stadium.
Plans for this have since been stopped. It did receive authorisation from the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.

Many people called The 2002 Commonwealth Games a huge success with the stadium gaining positive reviews for its atmosphere and architectural design.

The City of Manchester Stadium has won a number of design awards. This includes the 2004 Royal Institute of British Architects Inclusive Design Award for inclusive building design, and the 2003 Institution of Structural Engineers Structural Special Award.

Manchester City's reaction to the stadium was a mix of positive and negative. Some fans were not too excited about moving from the famous Maine Road, Maine Road had a reputation for having a great atmosphere and character. Others were happy about the bigger stadium and move back to east Manchester where Manchester City formed. A 2007 Premier League fan poll found that fans thought views at the stadium were second best in the Premier League after the Emirates Stadium. But the stadium had a problem common in modern stadia; the atmosphere was rated as second lowest in the league by City fans. Fans of opposing teams have generally given positive feedback. The stadium came in second behind Old Trafford in a 2005 poll to find the United Kingdom's favourite football ground.

The City of Manchester Stadium is to the east of Manchester city centre. The stadium site itself has 2,000 parking spaces. Another 8,000 spaces in the area around the stadium are provided by local businesses and schools working with the football club. The nearest railway station is Ashburys. It is a 20-minute walk south of the stadium. Services are limited due to the small size of the station. Manchester Piccadilly, which serves mainline trains from London, Birmingham and Edinburgh, is a 30-minute walk away. Several special bus services serve the stadium when events take place.

An extension to the Metrolink tram system with a stop at the stadium was announced in 2000. However, after a government spending review, the plan was put on hold in July 2004. In July 2006, funding for the extension was reinstated, but for a shorter length. A Sportcity Metrolink station opened on 11 February 2013.

Outside the football season, the stadium hosts concerts. It is one of the UK's largest music venues. It has a maximum capacity of 60,000 for performances. The first concert at the stadium was a performance by the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 2004. They were supported by James Brown. Local band and vocal Manchester City supporters, Oasis, have played concerts at the stadium. One of their shows was featured on their DVD "Lord Don't Slow Me Down". Another Manchester act, Take That, also released a DVD of their performance at the stadium, "".

Other artists who have played the stadium are U2, Rod Stewart, Foo Fighters supported by Manic Street Preachers and The Futureheads, Bon Jovi & George Michael.

In June 2018, Taylor Swift played the first of her UK ‘Reputation Stadium Tour' over two nights.

Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often tear up the pitch. In 2008, end-of-season fixes, along with an early start to the football season, meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first scheduled home game. Because of this, Manchester City played their UEFA Cup first round qualifying match at Barnsley's Oakwell Stadium.




Craven Cottage

Craven Cottage is a football stadium in the Hammersmith area of London, England. It is the home ground of Fulham F.C. It is called Craven Cottage after the cottage in the corner of the stadium.

Emirates Stadium

The Emirates Stadium is a football stadium in London, England. It is the home stadium of Arsenal F.C. It is named after the airline Emirates.

The stadium was built from 2004 to 2006. It replaced Highbury Stadium which had only 38,419 seats and was too small for the need of modern football.

Ewood Park

Ewood Park is a football stadium in Blackburn, England. It is the home stadium of Blackburn Rovers F.C.

Crushcrushcrush

"Crushcrushcrush" is a single released by Pop rock band Paramore from their second album RIOT!

In the music video you can see the band performing. They are some spies also and it plays on the lyric "They taped over your mouth scribbled out the truth with their lies you little spies"

"Crushcrushcrush" is a download in Rock Band.

Beechworth

Beechworth is a town in north-east Victoria, Australia., It was first settled in the gold rush of the mid-1850s. At the 2006 census, 3227 people lived in Beechworth.

Beechworth has many old buildings which have been well looked after. The town has changed from a gold field to a popular place for people to visit. Wine making is also an important activity around Beechworth.

The area was first used as a cattle farm by David Reid and was called Mayday Hills. In 1853 it was renamed Beechworth.

From 1852-1857, Beechworth was an important gold area. Thousands of people moved to the area to dig for gold. One group of miners found 14 lb (about 7 kg) of gold in one gold pan (a small metal dish used separating gold from the soil). Another group found 50 lb (approx. 25 kg) of gold in a week. In the first election in 1855, one candidate, Daniel Cameron, rode a horse with solid gold horse shoes through the main street. This event is the reason the logo for Beechworth is a golden horse shoe, and the ride is remembered every year with the Golden Horseshoe Festival.

Beechworth was a long way from the centre of colonial government in Melbourne, both in distance and time taken to get there. The railway was built to Beechworth in September 1876. By this time the miners had found most of the gold, and the town was no longer important. The rail line was closed in 1977 and the tracks were taken away, after 101 years of service. The rail line is now used as a walking and bicycle path.

In the gold rush, Beechworth had a tannery, jewelers, boot makers, a brewery, blacksmiths, and farm animal sale yards. It had schools, a convent, hotels, a prison with high stone walls, a hospital, a mental hospital, courthouse, police station, stage coach companies and a gunpowder magazine (building for storing gunpowder).

In the gold rush men and women came from the USA, England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and China. At one time more than 30,000 people lived in Beechworth. Gold mining camps started up up as thousands of miners rushed into areas such as Spring Creek, Reedy Creek, Silver Creek, the Nine Mile Creek and the Woolshed. The Chinese were not allowed live in Beechworth and so they lived on the edge of town. There were many rules and laws to try to control the Chinese miners. Beechworth Cemetery has a large number of early Chinese miners graves. There was a lot of unrest and complaints about having the Chinese goldminers around Beechworth.

Robert O'Hara Burke, leader of the Burke and Wills expedition was a policeman in Beechworth. He was the Senior Inspector of Police from 1854 to 1857.

The Burke Museum is in Loch Street and holds a lot of items on Beechworth and the local area. They have newspapers, photographs, artifacts, clothings, pictures, books on local history and other papers about the area. They have displays about the gold rush, Chinese miners and the gold diggings of the 1850s.

The bushranger Ned Kelly had many links to Beechworth. He was a prisoner in the gaol. He fought a famous boxing match with Isaiah 'Wild" Wright in behind a local hotel. Aaron Sherritt and Joe Byrne of the Kelly Gang came from the Woolshed gold field, near Beechworth. Twenty-one men, thought to be friends or relatives of the Kelly Gang were prisoners in the gaol. They were held without trial or evidence for over 3 months, by the Chief Commissioner of Police, Captain Standish.

Sadleir was a policeman who became famous in the hunt for Ned Kelly in the 1870s. He had been a policeman in Beechworth during the gold rush.

George B. Kerferd (1836-1889) lived in Beechworth and became a Premier of Victoria. He helped Beechworth get a railway to Melbourne.

Castieau (1831-1885)was the Prison Governor at Beechworth from 1856 to 1869. The prison, famous for its huge granite walls, was known as "Castieau's Castle". As the Governor of the Melbourne gaol in 1880 he was an official witness to the hanging of Ned Kelly.

In the gold rush Beechworth had 2 newspapers: "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser" and "The Constitution and Mining Intelligencer". "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser" is still a local paper printed each week.

Beechworth is a popular place for visitors. Items to see are Ned Kelly displays at the old court house, Burke Museum, waterfalls, Gun Powder Magazine, Newtown Bridge (Stone Bridge), Tail Race (Mining Race), Spring Creek Water Falls, Spring Creek Gorge, Beechworth Asylum ghost tours, lakes, old buildings, goldfields, walks, the Beechworth Bakery, brewery, the Beechworth lolly shop and night tours. The town is at the end of the Murray to the Mountains Rail Trail.


Hallelujah (Paramore song)

"Hallelujah" is a song released by the band Paramore. It is the third track off their second album, "RIOT!".

Collector, New South Wales

Collector is a small village in New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Federal Highway between Goulburn, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory and is 7km north of Lake George.

The area was first settled by Europeans in 1829. T.A. Murray started a farm and built a 12-room house on the land in 1837. A post office opened at Collector in 1848. The village is named after the Australian aboriginal name for the area, "colegadar". The village was by-passed by the Federal Highway in 1988.

The Bushranger Hotel in Collector was the site of the shooting of policeman, Constable Samuel Nelson on 26 Jan 1865, by John Dunn. Dunn was a bushranger and a member of Ben Hall's gang. The bushrangers were robbing the hotel when Nelson tried to stop them.

Other businesses in the village are: The Grapefoodwine Restaurant, Lynwood Café /Restaurant, Cafe Lerida of Lerida Estate Winery, Collector Art Gallery and Collector Quarries.

Collector is also famous for the sculpture Dreamers Gate by Tony Phantastes. He built it between 1993 and 1997 to as a memorial, among other things, to his father. It is a gothic sculpture made of cement and wire 24 metres long and 7 metres high. The artist and the Gunning Shire Council have been arguing over the sculpture since 1999. The council want the sculpture removed because it is unsafe.



Calligra Flow

In computing, Kivio is a free diagramming software that is part of KOffice, an office suite for KDE.

Kivio is a flowcharting and diagramming program for the KOffice office suite, and has a user interface that looks like Microsoft Visio.

Features:


Diagramming software

Diagramming software is a computer program that is used to produce graphical diagrams.


Ottakring

Ottakring is part of Vienna. It is the 16th district of Vienna, created in 1893 from the villages of Ottakring and Neulerchenfeld. Ottakring can be reached by public transit; it is west of the city centre.
Today, there are fewer people in this district than in the past. In 1910, about 179,000 people lived there, but in 2019 there were only 103,000.

Josef Weinheber and Michael Häupl (the current mayor of Vienna) are some famous people from Ottakring.

Heuriger

Heuriger is a word that describes the wine of the current year, and the places which serve it. According to a law of 1784, the winemakers may serve their own current wine, without a special license. These restaurants are licensed according to laws of the Bundesland. In Vienna these laws date from 1975. Very often,these establishments also serve cheese and sausages, other meat products, certain kinds of fish, mixed pickles, eggs, various spreads (to put on breads) etc. Usually they only serve cold dishes. 

Intertidal zone

Intertidal zones are coastal areas, the space between high and low tides. They often have rock, sand or mud that is under water at high tide, and above water at low tide.

Rock pools are common on some shores. These areas are often home to many species of crabs, shellfish, shallow water fish and many other animals. Many environmental things affect these areas, for example, waves, sunlight, salinity, wind, and water tide. About 300,000 species have been found in the intertidal zone. These species have to tolerate the pounding of waves, the changes in temperature, and the drying out at low tide.

St James' Park

St James' Park is a football stadium in Newcastle, England. It is the current home stadium of Newcastle United.

St.James' Park hosted three matches of the Euro 1996 and also hosted some matches during the 2012 Olympic Games and for the 2015 Rugby World Cup.

The stadium was used by many great musicians like The Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Queen, Bob Dylan, Bryan Adams & Rod Stewart, among others.

Villa Park

Villa Park is a football stadium in Birmingham, England. It is the current home stadium of Aston Villa. The colour of the seats are blue and claret because Villa's traditional home colours are claret and blue. The ground is located near the border between the two Birmingham inner-city suburbs of Aston and Witton, and is at the northern edge of Aston Park. The stands are called the Holte End, the Doug Ellis Stand, the Trinity Road Stand and the North Stand. 

DW Stadium

The DW Stadium is a football stadium in Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. It is the current home stadium of Wigan Athletic football club and the Wigan Warriors rugby league club. The stadium is named after the sportswear and fitness company "DWSportsfitness".

It opened in 1999 as JJB Stadium, from the "JJB Sports" sportswear company. The name changed in 2009 when Wigan Athletic owner Dave Whelan bought a chain of fitness clubs from JJB Sports and set up a new business, DWSportsfitness. The deal also gave Whelan stadium naming rights, and he changed its name to DW Stadium at that time.

White Hart Lane

White Hart Lane was a football stadium in London, England. It was the home stadium of Tottenham Hotspur. But due to plans by the club to build a new stadium, White Hart Lane has been demolished to make room for the new 60000 seat venue.

Hawthorne Heights

Hawthorne Heights are an American rock band. They formed in 2001 and were originally called "A Day in the Life" but later changed their name and lineup. 

They have released three albums and a number of singles. Their album titled "Fragile Future" was released on August 5, 2008, in the United States and on August 11, 2008, in the United Kingdom. Their most recent album is called "Skeletons", and was made available on June 1, 2010. Their other albums include "If Only You Were Lonely" and "The Silence in Black and White". They spawned emo classics such as "Saying Sorry" and "Ohio Is for Lovers".

Casey Calvert, who played guitar and did the screaming for the band, died on November 24, 2007, and another member found him in the morning. They had to push back touring etc., and had started on a tour already and had big plans.

Later, another person in the band, Micah Carli, started doing the harsh death growl vocals for the band.

They have had many tours including the Never Sleep Again tour, the Warped Tour and Projekt Revolution. They played the Never Sleep Again tour with fellow band Silverstein.






Stadium of Light

The Stadium of Light is a football stadium in Sunderland, England. It is the current home stadium of Sunderland A.F.C. This stadium was officially inaugurated by the Prince Andrew, Duke of York, on the 30th July, in 1997, during a match between Sunderland A.F.C. and Ajax Amsterdam.

The Stadium of Light is a all seated stadium and mainly used for the league matches of Sunderland A.F.C. Beside this use there were some matches of national teams. 

The Stadium is also used for concerts (for example Oasis, Take That and Pink). Also the graduation ceremony of the University of Sunderland is held in the stadium.

The record of visitors was in a league match versus Liverpool with 48,353 set 13 April 2002. 

Lungfish

Lungfish are members of the order Dipnoi. They are a sister group to the coelacanths and to the early lobe-finned fish which gave rise to the tetrapods. All these fish have paired appendages, fins or limbs, attached to a pelvis or shoulder by means of a single bone, the femur or humerus.

The living members of the group are special freshwater fish. They are the only living fish that have both lungs and gills. They need this because they live in small lakes and rivers that sometimes dry up. When this happens, these fish don't die, but they can survive in the mud, for up to 4 years. They use their lungs during this time. This is called aestivation, which is a type of dormancy.

Currently there 8 species of lungfish, six of them in Africa, one in South America and one in Australia.

Cellobiose

Cellobiose is a kind of sugar.

This word is from biochemistry and cellobiose is part of the disaccharide group of sugars. This sugar was called "cellose".

Cellobiose is made from cellulose, which comes from the cells of plants. Things that have a lot of cellulose are good for making cellobiose, like cotton or paper. Water and cellulose make cellobiose: this process is called hydrolysis.

Pure cellobiose is a white powder. 
People cannot metabolize cellobiose.

Alfred Wegener

Alfred Lothar Wegener (1 November 1880 – 13 November 1930) was a German scientist, geophysist and meteorologist. He is most notable for his theory of continental drift, which he proposed in December 1912. This was the idea that the continents were slowly drifting around the Earth. He also had ideas about why the continents drift, which other scientists thought were impossible. His hypothesis was not accepted until the 1950s. Then several discoveries gave evidence of continental drift, and of the actual causes.

Wegener was born in Berlin and in 1904 he earned his PhD in Astronomy at the University of Berlin. As a reserve officer of the German Army he was called up in 1914 to fight in World War I. He was severely wounded in Belgium and transferred to the army weather service. After the war he mainly did weather work.

The theory had been proposed before, more than once. The first time was by the mapmaker Abraham Ortelius in the 16th century.

Wegener used geologic, fossil, and glacial evidence from opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean to support his theory of continental drift. For example, he said that there were geological similarities between the Appalachian Mountains in North America, and the Scottish Highlands. Also, he said that the rock strata in South Africa and Brazil were similar.

He believed these similarities could be explained only if these geologic features were once part of the same continent. Wegener said that because they are less dense, continents float on top of the denser rock of the ocean floor, and move across the ocean floor rock. Although continental drift explained many of Wegener's observations, he could not find scientific evidence to make a complete explanation of how continents move.

The British geologist Arthur Holmes championed the theory of continental drift at a time when it was unfashionable. He proposed in 1931 that the Earth's mantle contained convection cells that dissipated radioactive heat and moved the crust at the surface. His "Principles of Physical Geology", ending with a chapter on continental drift, was published in 1944.

However, most Earth scientists and palaeontologists did not believe Wegener's theory and thought it was foolish. Some critics thought that giant land bridges could explain the similarities among fossils in South America and Africa. Others argued that Wegener's theory did not explain the forces that would have been needed to move continents to such great distances. Wegener thought that the forces that moved the continents could be caused by the rotation of the Earth and stellar precession and that same forces made earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.

During the 1950s, in the mid-atlantic ridge discoveries of sea-floor spreading and magnetic reversal proved that Wegener's theory was real and led to the theory of plate tectonics, though his proposed causes were mistaken. Today geologists say that continents are actually parts of moving tectonic plates that float on the asthenosphere, a layer of partly molten rock.

Motte-and-bailey

A motte-and-bailey is a kind of castle, or fortification. Many of them were built in the 11th and 12th century around Europe.

These structures consist of a hill (the motte) and a courtyard (the bailey). The motte was often artificial and on top, a wooden or stone tower was built. The bailey was surrounded by a protective ditch and wall of wooden fence (a palisade). They were relatively easy to build compared to stone buildings. All the same, they were significant and difficult to overcome.

If they were built of wood, this meant they could be burnt down. Also wood rots when it gets wet so the structure needed regular repair. As time went by castles were made of stone, which is much stronger. Palisades were replaced by stone walls, and wooden tower were replaced in stone. 

Motte and bailey castles appeared in England after the Norman Conquest of 1066. They were a common feature in England by the death of William the Conqueror in 1087. Their construction was the start of what was to become a massive castle building programme in England and Wales.

Madison Lake, Minnesota

Madison Lake is a small town in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,247 in the 2020 census.

Dinar

The Dinar is the official currency in many countries. It is used in many countries near the Mediterranean Sea. The word "dinar" (, , ) is derived from denarius, a Roman currency.


Wasatch Mountains

The Wasatch Range is a mountain range that stretches about from the Utah- Idaho border, south through central Utah in the western United States. 

Jacob Zuma

Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma (born 12 April 1942) in what is now Nkandla, KwaZulu-Natal is a South African politician. He was the President of South Africa from 2009 to 2018.

In the 1960s, he was against the government of South Africa's policy of apartheid. He spent some time in prison on Robben Island for conspiring to overthrow the government.

In February 14, 2018 South Africa President Jacob Zuma resigned for a disputed disagreement instruction with the ruling African National Congress.

In 2005 he was charged with rape but he was found not guilty.

One of their traditions he follows is polygamy (having more than one wife). He has had six wives (one of them killed herself in 2000) and has fathered more than twenty children.

Zuma was the person to tell the public on December 5, 2013 that Nelson Mandela had died.

On the eve of the African National Congress having a vote of no confidence against him, Zuma resigned. A few weeks after he resigned, it was reported that he fathered a child with a 24 year old woman in a Durban hospital.

On 29 June 2021, Zuma was sentenced to fifteen months in prison for not showing up to court over his corruption trial.

In August 2021, Jacob Zuma received an insufficient pension to cover his legal costs. In any case, this is what his relatives suggest, who are calling on their fellow citizens to contribute to their former head of state.

In September 2021, the South African Constitutional Court scathingly dismissed former President Zuma's petition to reverse his ruling sentencing him to 15 months in prison for contempt of justice.

Cup of coffee

A cup of coffee is North American sports terminology for spending a short time by a minor league player at the major league level.

Inning

An inning, or innings, is a fixed-length section of a game in several sports – most notably cricket and baseball when one team would try to score while the other team would try to stop the first from scoring. In baseball, a team's turn to score is called a "half-inning" instead. A team's scoring turn ends in these sports when the players on the scoring team have been "put out" (made to leave the field because of their mistakes during gameplay) a certain number of times. 

In cricket, a team's innings ends when they no longer have two players who are allowed to bat. This almost always happens when 10 of the 11 players on the team are out (batsmen who are put out are not allowed to bat again during the innings). A team's innings can also end when they have reached a time limit, or the ball has been legally thrown to their players to try to hit and score a certain number of times (as in T20 cricket, where each team is limited to 120 such throws), if the team had agreed to such limitations before the game. The term "innings" can also refer to a single batter's turn to bat, or the number of runs they score during their turn.

A Super Over is a tiebreaker in which both teams get extra innings with a maximum of 6 legal deliveries. If the teams are still tied after the Super Over, more Super Overs are played until one of the teams scores more runs than its opponents.

One notable time a Super Over happened was during the 2019 Cricket World Cup Final.

Industrial relations

The field of industrial relations (also called labor relations) looks at the relationship between management and workers, mostly groups of workers shown by a union.

The Michigan Daily

The Michigan Daily is the daily student newspaper of the University of Michigan. The first edition of the paper was published September 29, 1890.

Strikeout

In baseball or softball, a strikeout or strike out (denoted by SO or K) happens when a batter gets three strikes when at bat.

Conan O'Brien

Conan Christopher O'Brien (born April 18, 1963) is an American television host, comedian, writer, producer, musician, and voice actor. He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows, the most recent of which, is "Conan", premiered on American cable television station TBS in 2010, and ended in 2021.

O'Brien was born in Brookline, Massachusetts. His father, Thomas Francis O'Brien, is a physician, epidemiologist, and professor of medicine at Harvard. His mother, Ruth O'Brien (née Reardon), is an attorney and partner at the Boston firm Ropes & Gray. He is the third of six children. O'Brien's family is Irish Catholic; some of his Irish ancestors immigrated before the American Civil War. In a "Late Night" episode, O'Brien paid a visit to County Kerry, Ireland, where his ancestors originated.

Conan got his first start in comedy as a writer for "Saturday Night Live" and "The Simpsons". Conan hosted "Late Night" from 1993 to 2009. In 2009, he replaced Jay Leno as host of "The Tonight Show". In 2010, NBC decided to give "The Tonight Show" back to Leno, which led to Conan leaving NBC. Many people were upset that Conan had to leave. After leaving "The Tonight Show", Conan grew a beard and went on a comedy tour. On November 8, 2010, he hosted a late-night talk show on TBS called "Conan", which ended in 2021.


Alfred P. Sloan

Alfred Pritchard Sloan, Jr. (May 23, 1875 – February 17, 1966) was the president and chairman of General Motors.

Sloan was born in a business family. He passed the examination of Massachusetts Institute of Technology when he was very young. When he was 26 his father bought a bearing company and made him president. The company did well and Sloan became president of General Motors. He managed the company with a new combination of centralization and decentralization and led the company into prosperity.

Besides, he was a philanthropist who donated considerable money to charity.

Kenny Black

Kenneth George Black (born 29 November 1963) is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club Airdrie United F.C..

John Brown (football player)

John Brown, also well known by his nickname "Bomber", (born January 26, 1962 in Stirling) is a former Scottish professional footballer, and former manager of Clyde.

Alex Rae

Alexander Scott Rae, (born September 30 1969 in Glasgow), is a professional footballer, who is currently player-manager at Dundee.

Jim McIntyre

James 'Jim' McIntyre (born 24 May 1972 in Alexandria, West Dunbartonshire) is a Scottish footballer who is currently player-manager for Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish First Division.

David Irons

David John Irons (born July 18 1961 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer. His playing career spanned 26 years as a central defender or midfielder. He is currently manager of Scottish League club Greenock Morton.

Roberto Landi

Roberto Landi (born January 2, 1956 in Forlì) is an Italian football manager.

Ian McCall

Ian Holland McCall (born 30 September 1964 in Dumfries, Scotland) is a former Scottish footballer and current manager. In 2015 he became manager of Ayr United.

Gordon Chisholm

Gordon Chisholm (born April 8 1960 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former professional footballer. He is currently the manager of Scottish First Division club Dundee.

Derek Adams

Derek Adams (born 25 June 1975) is a former Scottish footballer. As of 2022 he is manager at Morecambe.

He is the son of George Adams.

Derek McInnes

Derek John McInnes (born 5 July 1971 in Paisley, Renfrewshire) is a former professional footballer and current manager of Kilmarnock.

McInnes played for Greenock Morton, Rangers, West Bromwich Albion and Dundee United during his playing career.

McInnes became manager of St. Johnstone in November 2007. He helped the club gain promotion to the Scottish Premier League in 2009 and kept that status for two seasons.

McInnes was made manager of Bristol City on 19 October 2011. He was sacked as manager of the club on 12 January 2013.

After leaving Bristol City, McInnes became manager of Scottish club Aberdeen on 25 March 2013. He helped them win the 2014 Scottish League Cup, winning the final 4–2 on penalties. He stayed there for eight years, before leaving by mutual consent on 8 March 2021.

In January 2022 McInnes was made manager of Scottish club Kilmarnock.

Airdrie

Airdrie is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is home to Scottish First Division football team Airdrie United F.C..

Gynoecium

A gynoecium (from Ancient Greek "gyne", "woman") is the female reproductive parts of a flower. The male parts are called the androecium. Some flowers have both female and male parts, and some do not.

Another key term is carpel. Carpels are the building blocks of a pistil. The gynoecium may have one pistil or more. A pistil may have one carpel or more than one stuck together ("fused"). Carpels and pistils have three parts: a stigma at the top where the pollen lands; a style and an ovary. In the case of a pistil, the stigma, style, and ovary may be made up of those parts of more than one carpel, fused.

Plant ovaries are the parts of the gynoecium which (much like animal ovaries) contain ovules. The style is generally stalklike. It is between the ovary at the bottom and the stigma at the top. In some plants, there are no styles in the pistils. The stigma is the pollen receptor at the top of the carpel. Stigmas may be separate or they may be in a region called the "stigmatic region".

A carpel is the basic unit of the female reproductive organ of a flower (the gynoecium). The parts of the carpel are:

The ovule, when mature, has one or two coats round the central nucellus, except at the top where there is an opening, the micropyle. The nucellus is a tissue round one large cell, the megaspore. The one large cell divides, giving the egg and some other cells.

An example of a simple carpel is that of a pea, bean or "Arabidopsis": the fruit develops from the single carpel consisting of two rows of ovules aligned beside one another along the "placental" margin.

An alternative term for the female parts. This table shows how it is used:


Chase This Light

Chase This Light is an album by alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World. It was released on October 23, 2007.

Several singles came from this album including "Big Casino", "Always Be" and "Let It Happen".



Saves the Day

Saves the Day are a band who have played many genres of music during their career. They formed together in 1997, and have often changed their lineup, with singer Chris Conley being the only original member who is still in the band.

At first, Saves the Day was influenced heavily by melodic hardcore band Lifetime. At first, their songs had macabre lyrics and a lot of power chords. In 2001, they started to have more of a pop sound.

The band started to record a trilogy of albums in 2005. The first album, "Sound the Alarm" (2006), is more similar to the band's original sound than the band's previous albums. The second album, "Under the Boards", was released in fall 2007 and mixed together many previous records' sounds. "Daybreak", the concluding album in the trilogy, was released in 2011. They started recording it after a string of shows in late October 2008.


Jesus Christ Superstar

Jesus Christ Superstar is a rock opera. It is based on the Gospel accounts of Jesus. Tim Rice wrote the lyrics and Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote the music. "Superstar" premiered on 12 October 1971 at the Mark Hellinger Theatre on Broadway. It opened on the West End in 1972. It was released as a movie in 1973 starring Ted Neeley and Carl Anderson.

Cumbernauld

Cumbernauld is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is home to the Scottish First Division football team, Clyde F.C..

Livingston

Livingston is a town in the Scottish county of West Lothian. It is home to the Scottish Premiership football club Livingston F.C.

Dunfermline

Dunfermline (Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Phàrlain) is a town in Fife, Scotland. It sits on high ground three miles from the northern shore of the Firth of Forth, northwest of Edinburgh, and was an ancient capital of Scotland. It is home to Dunfermline Athletic F.C. who play at East End Park.


Greenock

Greenock (Gaelic "Grianaig") is a large town in the Inverclyde council area of western Scotland. 

Greenock's population was recorded as being 45,467 in the 2001 census, a decrease from about 78,000 in 1966. It lies on the south bank of the Clyde at the "Tail of the Bank" where the River Clyde expands into the Firth of Clyde, and is in what was the county of Renfrewshire.

Dumfries

Dumfries is a former royal burgh and town within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland. Its name means either "fort" or "ridge of the thicket." 

Dumfries was the county town of the former county of Dumfriesshire. It has a population of 49,883. This makes Dumfries one of the largest non-city areas in Scotland. 

Its nickname is "Queen of the South", which is also the name of its local football team Queen of the South F.C..

Dumfries is close to the Solway Firth, near the mouth of the River Nith. The River Nith runs through the centre of the town.

Its suburbs include: 
The eastern side of Dumfries has the DG1 post code, while the western side of the town has the DG2 postcode. 

Dumfries has four main high schools, with three being in DG1. There is one primary school per key district. There is one college in the town, while the University of west of Scotland and the open university is on the same campus. Glasgow University also has a campus on the same site.

Inter Milan

Football Club Internazionale Milano, simply known as Inter and colloquially known as Inter Milan outside Italy, is an Italian football club that plays in Serie A. Their home stadium is the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza. They are also the only Italian team to win the treble.
This club is well known as one of strongest teams in Europe.

2020/21







Enzo Scifo

Enzo Scifo (born 19 February 1966) is a former Belgian football player. He has played for Belgium national team.

Anderlecht

Monaco

Torino

Belgium

Individual


Peter Bonetti

Peter Phillip Bonetti (27 September 1941 – 12 April 2020) was an English football player. He played for England national team.

Bonetti died on 12 April 2020, aged 78, following a long illness.

"Totals include one Charity Shield appearance in 1970–71."

Chelsea

St. Louis Stars

England

Individual

Alan Shearer

Alan Shearer (born 13 August 1970) is a retired English footballer and BBC football pundit. He played for the England national team, and club teams: Southampton, Blackburn Rovers and Newcastle United. He won the Premier League with Blackburn in the 1994/95 season. He is the person who has scored the most goals in the Premier League, as well as the 4th most goals for England. He played as a striker and was very good at taking penalties. Shearer is considered a legend in his hometown of Newcastle, and he is well respected in the rest of England as well because of his good playing for England. He also managed Newcastle for the last eight games of the 2008–09 Premier League season. The team only got five points out of 28 possible points and were relegated to the championship for the 2009/2010 season.

Southampton

Blackburn Rovers

Newcastle United

England U21

England

Individual
Records

Dingwall

Dingwall is a town in the north of Scotland. It is home to the local football club, Ross County F.C.

Population: 5,470 (2016)

Dingwall is 198 km far from Edinburgh.

Excelsior Stadium

The Excelsior Stadium is the home of Airdrie United F.C. of the Scottish First Division. The ground is named as such as a tribute to the fact that Airdrieonians began life as Excelsior Football Club in 1878.

When the stadium first opened it was officially titled Shyberry Excelsior Stadium ("Shyberry" being the company who sponsored the stadium when it first opened). Now, though, even the name "Excelsior Stadium" is rarely used by Airdrie United supporters as well as opposing fans and even the media as the stadium has instead come to be referred to as New Broomfield which is more palatable from an Airdrie perspective due to its association with the former home of Airdrieonians, Broomfield Park.

Ruud Gullit

Ruud Gullit (born 1 September 1962) is a Dutch former football player. He has played for the Netherlands national team.

All competitive league games (league and domestic cup) and international matches (including friendlies) are included.

HFC Haarlem


Feyenoord


PSV


AC Milan


Sampdoria


Netherlands


Individual


Zbigniew Boniek

Zbigniew Kazimierz Boniek (born 3 March 1956) is a former Polish football player. He has played for Poland national team. Boniek is currently the vice president of UEFA.

172||50
157||30
329||80

!Total||80||24


Broadwood Stadium

Broadwood Stadium is an association football stadium in Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. 

The stadium currently plays host to the home matches of Scottish First Division side, Clyde F.C., and the home matches of Scottish Premier Reserve League side Rangers Reserves. 

Dens Park

Dens Park is a football stadium on Dens Road in the Scottish city of Dundee. 

The stadium is the home of Dundee F.C. and has a capacity of 11,856. Uniquely, the stadium shares part of the same road (Sandeman Street) as Tannadice, which is the home of city rivals Dundee United F.C.

The club moved to 'Dens' from their first stadium at Carolina Port in 1899. Over the years, the ground has been redeveloped, with the construction of the near-identical Bobby Cox and Bob Shankly stands, which sit at either end of the ground. The former is given over to home supporters, and the latter to visiting supporters. 

32X

The Sega 32X is a game console first released by Sega in 1994. It was an add on for the Sega Mega Drive and was Sega's first console in the 32-bit games market. In Japan, it was called the Sega Super 32X. In North America, it was called the Sega Genesis 32X. In Europe and Australia, it was called the Sega Mega 32X.

The Sega 32X was an unpopular console and had poor sales, mostly due to there being only a handful of games made for it and because it was overshadowed by the Sega Saturn. 

Sega CD

The Sega CD, also called the in most places outside of North America, was a CD-based console add-on for the Sega Genesis. It was made by Sega. It was released in December 12, 1991 in Japan, October 15, 1992 in North America, and April 2, 1993 in Europe. It was 16-bit and Sega's first product in CD market. It was somewhat successful, but was criticized for the lack of quality games.

Commodore CDTV

The Amiga CDTV was a high-end game console and a home computer released by Commodore in March 1991.

The console was one of the first CD-based independent game consoles. However it was a commercial failure and was replaced by the Amiga CD32 in 1993.

Vilanova i la Geltrú

Vilanova i la Geltrú is a coastal town approximately south of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.

Commodore International

Commodore is the common name for Commodore International Limited, a U.S. computer and electronics manufacturing company. Headquarters were in West Chester, Pennsylvania. 

In the 1960s they made typewriters and later calculators. In the late 1970s and 1980s, Commodore was one of the largest producers of home computers. They are famous for cutting in 1983 the price of their products so aggressively that it created a "home computer war".

The first computer model produced was the Commodore PET in 1977. It came with a keyboard and 
a monochrome monitor. This was followed by the first color computer, known as the VIC-20. This computer sold for under $300 in 1981, around $1000 in today's money. 

The company also sold about 22 million Commodore 64 machines, introduced in 1982. It is believed to be the biggest-selling computer in history. Commodore later released the Amiga line of computers in 1985.

The company went bankrupt in 1994.

Commodore 64 Games System

Commodore 64 Games System (often abbreviated C64GS) was a cartridge based console made by Commodore International. It was Commodore's first console and was released in December 1990. It was a commercial failure because Commodore could not market the console properly due to its lack of games and the fact it was an 8-bit console in a 16-bit era.


East End Park

East End Park is a football stadium in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland. 

The stadium currently plays host to the home matches of Scottish First Division side, Dunfermline Athletic Football Club.

Cappielow

Cappielow is a district of Greenock in Inverclyde, west central Scotland. It is home to Scottish Football League side Greenock Morton F.C. The name Cappielow, usually refers to the Cappielow Park stadium, but it can also mean a small area of housing or the nearby industrial estate.

Almondvale Stadium

Almondvale Stadium is a football stadium in Livingston, West Lothian. It is the home of Scottish First Division club Livingston F.C..

The stadium, which used to be called the ""City Stadium"" because of a deal with the City Group, was built in 1995. It had also previously been called the ""West Lothian Courier Stadium"". Since the club was taken over by the Lionheart Consortium, it was changed back to its original name, Almondvale Stadium. 

It is hired by Livingston FC from West Lothian Council every year. As Livingston moved up the divisions into the top flight of Scottish Football, they expanded the stadium to meet Premier League standards.

FM Towns Marty

The FM Towns Marty was the world's first 32-bit game console (not the Amiga CD32, which was only in Europe and North America). It was one of the first CD-based consoles and the first made for gaming rather than high-end PC-like systems, like the Amiga CDTV and Phillips CDi. It was only released in Japan and was a commercial failure, but despite this, it was made until 1999 – longer than the average games console.

Firhill Stadium

Firhill Stadium is the home ground of the Scottish association football club, Partick Thistle F.C.

In December 2005 Firhill also became the temporary home of Glasgow's professional Rugby Union team, Glasgow Warriors, when they moved from their previous base at Hughenden. The Glasgow Warriors will take up a two-year residency at Firhill from the start of the 2007-08 Magners League season.

Palmerston Park

Palmerston Park is a multi-use stadium on Terregles Street in Dumfries, south-west Scotland. The site of the ground was formerly a farm called Palmers Toun. This is on the Maxwelltown side of the River Nith in Dumfries. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Queen of the South F.C. The stadium holds 6,412 people. It also holds the record of having the tallest free standing floodlights in Scottish football, standing at 85 feet.

CD-i

CD-i was a CD-based data storage format that was mostly created by Philips. It was designed to hold programs, similar to CD-ROM. The first CD-i player, the CDI 910/205, was released by Philips in 1991. Along with consoles such as the FM Towns Marty and the Amiga CDTV, the CD-i is one of the first CD-based consoles. The CD-i was a bit of a commercial failure, but still had a long lifespan, with the last one being made in 1998. Its last game, "Solar Crusade", released in 1999. The reason for its failure was most likely due to a lack of third party support, poorly received games, and a high selling price.

Victoria Park

Victoria Park is a football stadium in the town of Dingwall, Ross-shire, Scotland. It is the home stadium of Ross County F.C. who play in the Scottish First Division.

There are two stands, the West and East Stands, which have covered seats and two standing-only terraces known as the Academy End and Jailend. It has a total capacity of 5800 (2590 seated), so does not meet Scottish Premier League standards.

The Highland Football Academy is behind the Academy End and an "Astroturf" (fake grass) pitch is next to the East Stand. To date, the board have spent more than £3.5 million on renovating the stadium and plans are being made to create a modern all-seater stadium suitable for the Premier League.

The stadium holds more people than the town of Dingwall, which had a population of 5,026 at the last census.

Nintendo 64DD

The Nintendo 64DD (DD meaning Disk Drive) was a magnetic disk add-on for the Nintendo 64. It was considered too late in the fifth generation and flopped on its release in Japan in 1999. When it came out, the Dreamcast had already been released and soon for Nintendo fans the GameCube was developed with a built-in CD drive. For these reasons, it was unsuccessful, and only few games were ever released for it. The console was released only in Japan and it was discontinued in February 2001. Games such as "Super Mario 64 2" (the sequel to Nintendo 64's 1996 game, "Super Mario 64") were planned, but were cancelled. Instead, in 2004, an enhanced Nintendo DS remake called "Super Mario 64 DS" and was released the same day as the original "DS" and featured more characters, more stars, and better graphics. Only four "Mario" games were released on the 64 Disk Drive, all from the "Mario Artist" series.

McDiarmid Park

McDiarmid Park is the home stadium of St. Johnstone Football Club from Perth, Scotland. It has an all-seated capacity of 10,673. The record attendance is 10,525, which occurred on May 23, 1999, when Tayside rivals Dundee were the visitors for the last game of the season.

Karbon14

Karbon14 (also known as Kontour, which was known KIllustrator) is a vector graphics editor. It is pat of KOffice, the KDE office suite.



Nike

Nike may refer to:


Leonese language

Leonese language ("llionés" in Leonese) is the language of León and Zamora, both in Spain, and Bragança, in Portugal. A Romance language, Leonese was the language of the Kingdom of León in the Middle Ages.

Leonese is recognised by the UN as "seriously endangered" and is officially recognised by Castile and León.

Leonese is taught in sixteen schools in the cirt of León, and there are lessons for adults in several villages in the provinces of León and Zamora.

For approximately fifteen years, some cultural associations have offered courses in Leonese, sometimes with the support or collaboration of local administrations in the provinces of Leon and Zamora. There was never collaboration by Castile and León. The courses have taken place mostly with difficulty, without continuity or by unqualified teachers and very often, far from where Leonese is spoken.

The language has five vowels in a stressed position, represented by "a, e, i, o" and "u", and three (two archiphonemes /I/, /U/ and one phoneme /a/) in a nonstressed position, represented by "e, u, "and "a" at the end of word.

UNESCO, in its "Atlas of Languages in Danger in the World", places Leonese among languages in danger.

Leonese is classified in the worst of the possible situations whose characteristics are:


Literature written in Leonese started in the Middle Ages and is still written today. The first written text in Leonese is the "Nodicia of Kesos" (959 or 974), found in Ardón. Other works in Leonese include the "Fueru de Llión", "Fueru de Salamanca", "Fueru Xulgu", "Códice d'Alfonsu XI", "Disputa d'Elena y María" and "Llibru d'Alixandre".

Important writers are Torres Naharro, Juan del Encina, and Lucas Fernández. Some writers like Caitano Bardón ("Cuentos en Dialecto Leonés"), Luis Maldonado or Aragón Escacena ("Entre brumas") restarted the Leonese literature in the early 20th century. Today, important writers include Eva González in the last 20th century or Abel Pardo, Xuasús González, Adrianu Martín or Félix Llópez.



Leonese

Leonese might mean:


Good Girl Gone Bad

Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. The singles from the album includes "Umbrella", "Breakin' Dishes", "Shut Up and Drive", "Hate That I Love You", "Don't Stop the Music", and "Rehab". The album is a departure from the reggae sound of Rihanna's previous albums for a more pop, dance-pop and R&B album.

Rihanna did a worldwide concert tour on September 15, three months after the release of the album. The tour had three parts with sixty-one shows. It ended on April 5, 2008. The first part of the tour began in Canada. It included eleven shows across the country with Akon. The tour later went through United States and Europe without Akon.
Supporting acts for the tour were Akon, Ciara and David Jordan.



Credits for "Good Girl Gone Bad" adapted from AllMusic.

Judd Apatow

Judd Apatow (born December 6, 1967) is an American movie producer, director, and screenwriter. He is best known for producing a distinct series of critically and commercially successful comedy movies, including "" (2004), "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" (2005), "" (2006), "Knocked Up", "Superbad" (both 2007), "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "Step Brothers" and "Pineapple Express" (all 2008).

Apatow's comic and filmmaking influences including Adam Sandler, Garry Shandling, Steve Martin, Woody Allen, Kevin Smith, Harold Ramis, John Hughes, Jay Leno, John Cassavetes, Cameron Crowe, David Chase and Preston Sturges as influences.

Interstate 182

Interstate 182 (sometimes called I-182) is a 15.19-mile longInterstate Highway in the state of Washington, going into the Tri-Cities. The road goes from Interstate 82 west of Richland to U.S. Route 12 in Pasco. It runs along U.S. Route 12 from Interstate 82 to U.S. Route 12, Washington State Route 240 through Richland, and U.S. Route 395 in Pasco.

Interstate 84 (Oregon–Utah)

Interstate 84 (sometimes called I-84) is a long Interstate Highway in the states of Oregon, Idaho, and Utah. The road goes from Interstate 5 in Portland, Oregon to Interstate 80 in Echo, Utah. There is another road with the same name in the eastern part of the country.

Ellensburg, Washington

Ellensburg is a city in the state of Washington.

Tri-Cities, Washington

The Tri-Cities are a group of 3 cities in Washington. They are Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick.

Umatilla, Oregon

Umatilla is a city in the state of Oregon. It was the former county seat of Umatilla County. Its population was 7,363 at the 2020 United States Census.

Hermiston, Oregon

Hermiston is a city in the state of Oregon.

Richland, Washington

Richland is a city in the state of Washington.

Pasco, Washington

Pasco is a city in the state of Washington.

Selah, Washington

Selah is a city in the state of Washington.

Union Gap, Washington

Union Gap is a city in the state of Washington.

Zillah, Washington

Zillah is a city of Yakima County in the state of Washington in the United States. 2,198 people were living in Zillah as of 2000.

Granger, Washington

Granger is a city in the state of Washington.

Sunnyside, Washington

Sunnyside is a city in the state of Washington.

Grandview, Washington

Grandview is a city in the state of Washington in the United States. The population of the city was 8,377 at the 2000 census.

Grandview was incorporated on September 21, 1909. It began as the midway point on the rail line between Prosser and Sunnyside.

Grandview is located at (46.253670, -119.910133).

It has a total area of 5.4 square miles (14.0 km²). The whole of it is land.

As of the census of 2000, there were 8,377 people, 2,431 houses, and 1,956 families in the city. The density was 1,552.3 people per square mile. There were 51.12% White, 0.58% African American, 0.94% Native American, 0.94% Asian, 0.11% Pacific Islander, 43.27% from other races, and 3.03% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 68.04% of the population.

There were 2,431 households out of which 49.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 60.0% were married couples living together. 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present. 19.5% were non-families. 16.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.40 and the average family size was 3.80.

In the city the population was spread out with 36.2% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The average age was 27 years. For every 100 females there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The average income for a household in the city was $32,588, and the average income for a family was $36,165. Males had a median income of $29,321 versus $21,959 for females. The per capita income for the city was $12,489. About 16.0% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.0% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

Prosser, Washington

Prosser is a city in the state of Washington.

Music of the Sun

Music of the Sun is the first studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. The album was released on August 30, 2005 by Def Jam and SRP with the singles "Pon de Replay" and "If It's Lovin' that You Want. The album features a wide range types of music, including dancehall, reggae and R&B as well as elements of hip hop and Latin and features guest appearances from Vybz Kartel, Kardinal Offishall, J-Status and Elephant Man.


Credits for "Music of the Sun" are adapted from AllMusic.





!scope="row"| Canada (CRIA)

!scope="row"| United Kingdom (BPI)
!scope="row"| United States (RIAA)

Benton City, Washington

Benton City is a city in the state of Washington. About 2,600 people live in Benton City as of 2002.

Pon de Replay

"Pon de Replay" is the debut single recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna, from her debut studio album "Music of the Sun" (2005). It was written and produced by Vada Nobles, Alisha "M'Jestie" Brooks, Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers. Her debut single, the song was released on May 24, 2005 as the lead single from the album. It is a dancehall, reggae and R&B song that means "play it again" in one of Barbadoss official langauges.

The song peaked at number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, becoming her first Top 5 single; it also peaked at number 1 in New Zealand, number 2 in the UK and at number 6 and number 7 in Australia and Canada, respectively. The beat for "Pon de Replay" was also used in Natasja Saad's hit "Mon de Reggae". Pon de Replay was also a major dance hit topping both the Hot Dance Music/Club Play and the Dance Radio Airplay chart for 2 weeks. It also performed well on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks charts peaking at #24; most of its chart points had been received from airplay from pop stations and from its digital downloads. In an unusual situation, the track reached #6 on the Hot Rap Tracks, an unlikely supporter of the song. On the non-Billboard chart, ARC Top 40, the track also hit #1. Pop girl group Girl Authority covered the song in 2006 for their debut album. The song was the 21st best sell of 2005 with 3,970,000 units sold.

The hit single, "Pon de Replay" was first made public in the mainstream media on March 17, 2005 by publicist, Jonathan Hay through co-producer Vada Nobles on MTV News.



In the music video, directed by Little X, Rihanna and her friends arrive at the club where everybody is bored and not dancing because of the low music. Rihanna steps up and sings the song, causing the DJ to turn the music up and everybody to start dancing. The music video also features Rihanna doing some belly dancing moves. The music video was also popular receiving much play from MTV and BET. It peaked at #2 on MTV's "Total Request Live" spending 37 days on the countdown; it was not able to retire due to the early introduction of the music video for her second single, "If It's Lovin' That You Want". The video reached #4 on BET's "106 & Park" and remained on the countdown for over 20 days.

"Weird Al" Yankovic covered part of the song in his polka medley Polkarama! from the album "Straight Outta Lynwood".

Kennewick, Washington

Kennewick is a city in the state of Washington.

Plymouth, Washington

Plymouth is an unincorporated community found in Benton County of the state of Washington in the United States.

Outlaw

An outlaw or bandit or thug is a person who is "outside the law" usually because they have committed serious crimes. A longtime criminal can be declared an "outlaw", which means the outlaw cannot use the legal system to protect himself if needed.


Kittitas County, Washington

Kittitas County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Ellensburg, Washington. In 2020, 44,337 people lived there. The county includes of which 2,297 are land (the rest is water). The highest point is Mount Daniel at .

Yakima County, Washington

Yakima County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Yakima, Washington.

Benton County, Washington

Benton County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Benton City, Washington.

Umatilla County, Oregon

Umatilla County () is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. The county seat is Umatilla. In 2020, 80,075 people lived there. The county includes 3,231 square miles (8,369 km) of which 3,215 is land and the rest is water.

Cell

In biology, the cell is the basic structure of organisms. All cells are made by the division of other cells.

The environment outside the cell is separated from the cytoplasm inside the cell by the cell membrane. Inside some cells, parts of the cell stay separate from other parts. These separate parts are called organelles (like small organs). They each do different things in the cell. Examples are the nucleus (where DNA is), and mitochondria (where chemical energy is converted).
Cell can be divided into different types depending on the structure of the nucleus and the physiological function. In 1957 cells were divided into two types based on the structure of nucleus. These were the prokaryotic cell and the eukaryotic cell. Prokaryotes, such as bacteria and archaea, are simple cells that have no cell nucleus. They do have bacterial microcompartments.

Eukaryotes are complex cells with many organelles and other structures in the cell. They are larger than prokaryote cells: they can be as much as 1000 times greater in volume. Eukaryotes store their genetic information (DNA) on chromosomes in the cell nucleus. Organisms (living things) which are made up of multiple cells are eukaryotes.

Most cells are small, the largest just being seen by the human eye (egg cell). They need to be small in order to work as they should.

The only kinds of prokaryotic organisms are bacteria and archaea. Prokaryotic organisms evolved before eukaryotic organisms, so at one point the world consisted of nothing but prokaryotic organisms. There are also viruses, which are biological organisms. They "always" reproduce inside the cells of other organisms. They cause some important diseases. Viruses are made of RNA, or DNA, and protein, and they reproduce themselves inside the cells of bacteria or eukaryotes.

The prokaryotic cell has three regions namely the cell envelope, cytoplasmic region and flagella or pili.


Unicellular organisms are made up of one cell. Examples of unicellular organisms are:

Unicellular organisms need to:

All unicellular organisms must:

Some may:

Multicellular organisms are made from many cells. They are complex organisms. This can be a small number of cells, or millions or trillions of cells. All plants and animals are multicellular organisms. The cells of a multicellular organism are not all the same. They have different shapes and sizes, and do different work in the organism. The cells are specialised, this means they do only some kinds of work. By themselves, they cannot do everything that the organism needs to live. They need other cells to do other work. They live together, but cannot live alone.

