Cells were discovered by Robert Hooke (1635–1703). He used a compound microscope with two lenses to look at the structure of cork, and to look at leaves and some insects. He did this from about 1660, and reported it in his book "Micrographica" in 1665. He named cells after the Latin word "cella", meaning room. He did this because he thought cells looked like small rooms.

Many other naturalists and philosophers tried out the new instrument. The structure of plants was investigated by Nehemiah Grew (1641–1712) and Marcello Malpighi (1628–1694). Grew's major work was "The anatomy of plants" (1682). It is not clear who first saw animal cells, Malpighi, Jan Swammerdam (1637–1680) or Antonie van Leeuwenhoek (1632–1723).

Leeuwenhoek's discoveries and drawings of 'little animalcules' opened up a whole new world for naturalists. Protozoa, and microorganisms generally were discovered, and the discoveries about them are still going on today. Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg's book "Die Infusionsthierchen" summarised what was known in 1838. Lorenz Oken (1779–1851) in 1805 wrote that infusoria (microscopic forms) were the basis of all life. 

The idea that cells were the basis of the larger forms of life came in the 18th century. Finding out who did the work has taken some time:

The cell theory includes these important ideas: 

The body cells of metazoans divide by simple mitotic cell division. Sexual reproduction is ancestral in eukaryotes, and in metazoa it is carried out by specialised sex cells. They are produced by a process called meiosis. 

Prokaryotic cells reproduce using binary fission, where the cell simply splits in half. For both mitosis and binary fission the cell must replicate (copy) all its genetic information (DNA) so that each new cell will have a copy.


Cartomancy

Cartomancy is the study of reading cards for fortune-telling or divination. There are many different types of cards used for cartomancy, some of which include standard playing cards and the tarot.

Tarot cards are similar to a standard deck of playing cards. In fact, Tarot predates regular playing cards, and might have been the basis for them. The major difference between playing cards and tarot is that tarot decks contain 22 extra cards called the Major Arcana, which are primarily used to read fortunes.

Some Spanish-speaking countries like Mexico use cards similar to bingo for fortune-telling. They call this practice Lotería. Because the game was invented in Italy, Lotería gets its name from the Italian word for lottery.

Borscht

Borscht (, , , Lithuanian: "barščiai", ) is a red beet soup. It is a very popular and widely known dish in Russian and Ukrainian cuisine. It is also often eaten in Eastern European countries, such as Romania, Poland, Belarus, Moldova and Lithuania and immigrants around the world who come from countries which were members of the Soviet Union. It contains red beets, carrots, meat or meat stock, onion, potatoes and cabbage. Borscht soup is usually eaten with a piece of black bread, and a dollop of sour cream on top.

Visconti-Sforza tarot deck

The Visconti-Sforza tarot deck is the oldest known tarot deck. It was ordered to be made in the 15th century by Filippo Maria Visconti who was then the Duke of Milan. The name of the deck is used to describe various decks that have survived over time.

Thoth tarot deck

The Thoth tarot deck is a tarot deck painted by Lady Frieda Harris at the request of Aleister Crowley. Crowley referred to this deck as "The Book of Thoth", and wrote a book with the same title of use with the deck.

Tlaxcala (disambiguation)

Tlaxcala might mean:


Tlaxcala

Tlaxcala is the smallest state in Mexico with about a million people. It is in central Mexico, east of Mexico (state) and west of Puebla (state).

International Alliance of Research Universities

The International Alliance of Research Universities (IARU) was a program launched in January 2006 as a leading co-operative network of 10 international research-intensive universities. The president of the IARU is Australian National University Vice-Chancellor Professor Ian Chubb.

Its members are:

Rod Serling

Rod Serling (December 25, 1924 – June 28, 1975) was American screenwriter, radio and television narrator and producer. He is best known for producing and hosting the television series "The Twilight Zone". In 1973 and 1974, he hosted a syndicated radio program.

After three emergency surgeries, Serling died during surgery on 28 June 1975 from heart problems. He was buried on July 2 1975 in Interlaken, New York. He was married to Carolyn Kramer.

In 1994, computers were used to have him host a television movie of the "Twilight Zone" using old images of him.

Masoretic Text

The Masoretic Text is a copy of the Hebrew Bible that was written by the Masoretes between the 6th and 10th centuries.

The Masoretic Text is an authority because it is the source for most translations of the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament.

Before the first century CE, there were some small differences between copies of the Hebrew Bible. During first century CE, Jewish Bible specialists agreed on the same words, a process called standardisation.

Between about 100 and 300 CE, a group of Jewish Bible specialists called the Tannaim copied this Hebrew Bible. Then between about 300 and 500 CE, another group of Jewish Bible specialists called the Amoraim continued the work of the Tannaim. The Masoretes then continued the Amoraim's work for the next 500 years.

The Masoretes were very careful when they copied the Bible. When they thought there was a mistake in the work of the Amoraim or the other specialists, they wrote a note in the side of the book, rather than change the book. After they copied a book, they counted the verses, words and letters in each book to make sure there were no mistakes.

The Masoretes also added vowel points to make the Bible easier to read because the Hebrew writing does not show vowels.

There were two main places where Masoretes worked: Babylon and Israel. The Masoretes also wrote book about the Bible called the Masorah.


Golant

Golant is a small village in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is in the parish of St Sampson on the banks of the Fowey estuary and between St. Austell and Polperro. The church in the villiage is dedicated to St. Sampson.

Golant railway station was at one time by the river to the south of the village. It was served by trains on the Great Western Railway's Fowey branch line from 1 July 1896 until 4 January 1965. The station has since been removed. The space is now used for a car park.

Annie Vernon, the Olympic rower, first learned her sport at Golant's Castle Dore Rowing Club.

Until very recently, Golant has been almost unknown except to the people who live there and pilgrims and other walkers of the Saints' Way. Nearby, there is a little used ford across the Fowey estuary. In late summer 1644, during the first English Civil War, war came to Golant and the area around the village. A large group of about 10,000 Parliamentary soldiers fought against the forces of King Charles on the peninsula between Lostwithiel, St Blazey and Fowey. King Charles was in the area at the time.

Saints' Way

The Saints' Way () is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall, in the United Kingdom.

It follows the probable route of early Christian travellers making their way from Ireland to the Continent. Rather than risk the difficult passage around Land's End they would disembark their ships on the North Cornish coast and progress to ports such as Fowey on foot. The footpath today between Padstow in the north and Fowey in the south is 26 miles in length and is well marked. Guide books are available.

Saints' Way information at Cornwall County Council 

Golda Meir

Golda Meir (; , , born Golda Mabovitch, May 3 1898 - December 8 1978, known as Golda Myerson from 1917 to 1956) was the fourth prime minister of the State of Israel.

Golda Meir became Prime Minister of Israel on March 17 1969 after serving as Minister of Labour and Foreign Minister. She was said to be the "Iron Lady" "(a strong-minded woman)" of Israel's politics years before that name became said about the British prime minister, Margaret Thatcher. Meir was Israel's first and so far only female prime minister. She was the world's third female prime minister. The two biggest events of her time as prime minister were the murder of eleven Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games and the 1973 Yom Kippur War. After questions about her handling of the war, Meir left her job even though she had been found to be not to blame for problems with the war.

Her birth name was Golda Mabovitch (). She was born in Kiev in the former Russian Empire (today Ukraine), and her parents were Blume Naidich and Moshe Mabovitch, a carpenter. The family moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in the United States. Her father found a job as a carpenter, and her mother ran a grocery store. At the age of eight, she was already put in charge of watching the store when her mother went to the market for supplies. 

When she was 14 years old, Golda went to North Division High School and worked part-time. Her mother wanted her to leave school and marry, but she did not. She ran away from home and bought a train ticket to Denver, Colorado, and went to live with her married sister, Sheyna Korngold. The Korngolds held evening meetings at their home where Meir learned about the Jews' desire for a country of their own, literature, women's rights, trade unions and more. In Denver, she also met Morris Meyerson, a sign painter, whom she married when she was 19.

The two biggest things to happen during her time as prime minister were the murder of eleven Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games by the terrorist group Black September, and the twenty-day war called the Yom Kippur War between Israel and the Arab states led by Egypt and Syria in October 1973.

The Yom Kippur War was from October 6 to October 26, 1973 and was between a group of Arab countries led by Syria and Egypt against Israel. Israel was surprised by the attack and after the Yom Kippur War, the government was asked questions about Israel's not being ready for the war. A group of people who were asked to look into the war decided that it was not Meir's fault. Her political party won the elections in December 1973, but Meir stopped being prime minister on April 11, 1974, because she felt that was what the people of Israel wanted. Yitzhak Rabin became prime minister after her on June 3, 1974.

In 1975, Meir was awarded the Israel Prize for her services to the State of Israel.

On December 8, 1978, Golda Meir died of cancer in Jerusalem at the age of 80. She was buried Helkat Gdolei Ha'uma in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem on December 12 1978.


Haumea (dwarf planet)

136108 Haumea (symbol ) is a dwarf planet in the Solar System. Its discovery was announced in 2005 by astronomers Michael E. Brown, Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz of the United States, and J. L. Ortiz of Spain. It was classified as a dwarf planet on September 17, 2008. 136108 Haumea is a Trans-Neptunian object, because it orbits the Sun after Neptune. It has two known moons, Hiʻiaka and Namaka. 136108 Haumea is special because of its very short day and odd shape. It turns once on its axis every four hours. This quick turning has caused 136108 Haumea to be shaped like an ellipsoid. It was the fifth discovered dwarf planet. 

The object was originally nicknamed 'Santa' as it was discovered shortly after Christmas. In 2008, the International Astronomical Union gave it the proper name 136108 Haumea, after a Hawaiian god of childbirth and fertility.

A stellar occultation observed on January 21, 2017, and described in an October 2017 "Nature" article, indicated the presence of a ring around 136108 Haumea. This represents the first ring system discovered for a TNO. The ring has a radius of about 2,287 km, a width of ~70 km and an opacity of 0.5. It is well within Haumea's Roche limit, which would be at a radius of about 4,400 km if it were a sphere (not being a sphere pushes the limit out farther). The ring plane is inclined 3.2°±1.4° with respect to 136108 Haumea's equatorial plane and approximately coincides with the orbital plane of its larger, outer moon Hiʻiaka. The ring is also close to the 1:3 orbit-spin resonance with 136108 Haumea's rotation (which is at a radius of 2,285 ± 8 km from Haumea's center). The ring is estimated to contribute 5% to the total brightness of 136108 Haumea. 


Psychosocial (song)

"Psychosocial" is the second single and fourth track from Slipknot's fourth studio album, "All Hope Is Gone" which was released August 26, 2008.

The music video for "Psychosocial" was shot at Sound Farm studios in Jamaica, Iowa on June 30, 2008. The shoot was delayed due to an unrelated head injury sustained by turntablist Sid Wilson before the shoot, who was subsequently hospitalized. On July 18, 2008 the video premiered on MTV's "FNMTV" show, hosted by Pete Wentz. The video, which was directed by Paul Brown, was shot using high-end cameras which shoot 1,000 frames per second and are contrasted with traditional 35 mm hand crank camera equipment. Percussionist Shawn Crahan explains; "we have the most extreme on both ends, with nothing in the middle. That's what the video is, and nobody does that. There's an art form behind it."
During an interview with "Kerrang!", guitarist James Root revealed that the video features the burning of the purgatory masks adorned by the band members in the splash teaser photos shown on Slipknot's website, reportedly because the masks represent the band's ego.

The are two versions of the video. One uses the album version of the song, whilst the other uses a much shorter version of the song; excluding the "Limit of the Dead!" lines.
This song was nominated to best rock video at the VMA´s 2008.

Pete Wentz

Peter Lewis Kingston Wentz III (born on June 5, 1979) better known as Pete Wentz, is an American bassist and songwriter. He is most famous for his work with the Chicago-based band Fall Out Boy. In recent years, he has also become an entrepreneur and the host of the MTV program, FNMTV. 

Wentz has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Ashlee Simpson divorced him.

Fall Out Boy came off hiatus in 2013, releasing a new single "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)" and an album "Save Rock and Roll", along with a supporting Spring tour. They will be going on the So Much For (2our) Dust Tour beginning February 2024 in support of the 2023 album So Much (For) Stardust, bringing pop punk group Jimmy Eat World along with other bands such as The Maine and Daisy Grenade. This will be their second tour for the album So Much (For) Stardust.

FNMTV

FNMTV Premiers is a television program shown on MTV. The program is hosted by Pete Wentz of rock band Fall Out Boy. "FNMTV" is shown every Friday night. It shows all new never-before seen music videos and live performances. The program has had several famous guests including Lil Wayne, Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna, Maroon 5, and Katy Perry.

Other possible name results for the title are "FN'MTV", "Friday Night MTV", "Feedback New MTV", "Feedback New Music Television", "FN (standing for f***ing MTV) MTV", "F'in MTV", or "FN'MTV "Friday Night"".

Lil Wayne

Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. (born September 26, 1982), known under his professional name as Lil Wayne, is an American rapper. He joined the Cash Money Records label as a teenager. He worked with rapper B.G. (under the name B.G.'z) on the album "True Story" and they eventually recorded for the label. "Get It How U Live" (1997) was Lil Wayne's first album with Southern hip hop group Hot Boys. "Tha Block Is Hot", his solo debut, came out in 1999. "Tha Block" debuted in the top ten on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. Lil Wayne was nominated for "Best New Artist" from the magazine "Billboard" the same year. Following this success, Wayne was soon featured on other rappers' singles, including "Bling Bling" by B.G. and "#1 Stunna" by the Big Tymers in 2000.

His first three albums "Tha Block Is Hot", "Lights Out" and "500 Degreez" were released with little promotion. Lil Wayne reached higher popularity in 2004 with his fourth album "Tha Carter" and its two sequel albums "Tha Carter II" (2005) and "Tha Carter III" (2008). During this time, Lil Wayne appeared on several mixtapes and singles of other artists.

Originally planned to be released in 2007, "Tha Carter III"s largest delay came after the majority of the tracks were leaked and distributed on mixtapes, such as "The Drought Is Over Pt. 2" and "The Drought Is Over Pt. 4". Lil Wayne at first decided to use the leaked tracks (plus four new tracks) to make a separate album, titled "". "The Leak" was to be released December 17, 2007, with the actual album being delayed until March 17, 2008, The release of "The Leak" in this format never came to fruition. An official EP titled "The Leak" contained five tracks and was released digitally on December 25, 2007.

Following the success of "Tha Carter III", Lil Wayne decided to record a rock album titled "Rebirth". In the album, he is featured playing guitar and singing using Auto-Tune. The album was released in 2010. It was certified gold by the RIAA, despite a generally negative critical response. 

Wayne's eighth album "I Am Not a Human Being" was released during his prison sentence in New York.

In March 2010, Lil Wayne served an 8-month sentence in a New York prison after being convicted of criminal possession of a weapon stemming from an incident in 2007. 

On March 12, 2013, Lil Wayne was hospitalized in Los Angeles after having many seizures. TMZ reported that Wayne is breathing through tubes and is moved to an Intensive Care Unite.





Tha Carter III

The Carter III is the sixth studio album by rapper Lil Wayne. The album contains singles like "Lollipop", "Got Money", "A Milli", "Mrs. Officer", and "Mr. Carter". It has been certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and has sold 3.6 million copies in the United States.


Administrative county

An administrative county "(pronounced: add-mini-stray'-tive, count-e)" was an old way of dividing up the land in a country that was once used in England and Wales, beginning in 1888 and also in Ireland, beginning in 1898. It was used for local government reasons. They do not exist anymore, except in Northern Ireland where their old areas are used as the areas for lieutenancy. They were also once used in Scotland for government reasons but they were not real names that the people who lived in an area called it except when talking to the government. They stopped being used in England and Wales in 1974, and stopped in Scotland in 1975.



Tlaxcala de Xicoténcatl

Tlaxcala de Xicoténcatl is the capital of the Mexican state of Tlaxcala. About 84.000 people live in the city itself. Its urban area has about 250.000 people. The city has a historic center. The church of St. Francis was consecrated in 1521. It is the oldest church on American soil.

Saral

Saral is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°5'39N 72°55'18E.

Nor Khachakap

Nor Khachakap (; formerly, Saral) is a village in Lori province, Armenia.

The Great Escape (Boys Like Girls song)

"The Great Escape" is the 2nd single off of the self-titled first studio album by rock band Boys Like Girls. "The Great Escape"'s music video was released in late February of 2007. It peaked at #8 on the Billboard Pop Songs chart.

Stella

Stella may refer to:


Corey Taylor

Corey Todd Taylor (born December 1973) also known by his number #8, is an American singer. He is the lead singer of the bands Slipknot and "Stone Sour". 

Wait and Bleed

"Wait and Bleed" is a single from the metal band Slipknot's first album, "Slipknot". 

The video for the song is a live performance.

Spit It Out

"Spit It Out" is the second single from the album "Slipknot" by metal band Slipknot. It was released on September 4, 2000. It is off their debut album "Slipknot".

Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics

The Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics or IBGE (), is the government agency responsible for statistical, geographic, cartographic, geodetic and environmental information in Brazil. The IBGE performs a national census every ten years, and the questionnaires account for information such as age, household income, literacy, education, occupation and hygiene levels.
The IBGE's headquarters is located in Rio de Janeiro.


Windows 7

Windows 7 is a no-longer supported version of Microsoft Windows, an operating system for personal computers. It is the successor to Windows Vista, the sixth major release of the Windows operating system. According to Microsoft, Windows 7 improves the speed, reliability, and compatibility from Windows Vista.

Windows 7 was once the most popular Windows version by far, but is by now third most popular with a tiny market share.

The beta version of Windows 7 was released on January 9, 2009, and the release candidate was released on May 5. The final version of Windows 7 was sent to PC manufacturers on July 22, 2009, so that they have three months to change it and include it with their computers. Windows 7 was released to the public on October 22, 2009. On January 22, 2020, Microsoft Internet Games Services stopped working on Windows 7. Extended Security Updates (ESU) is a paid computer program which allowed to receive security updates for some Microsoft products for 3 years after the end of extended support date, which is now in the past, excluding for some embedded editions and for Azure customers of the its server counterpart, Windows Server 2008 R2.

Windows 7 includes many new features, such as touching the screen, supporting virtual hard disks, being faster on multi-core processors, and a redesigned taskbar. The taskbar allows users to pin the most frequently used programs directly to it, instead of on a toolbar. The glass user interface, Aero, has been improved with features such as Aero Shake, Aero Snap, and Aero Peek.

Windows 7 has removed some features that were in Windows Vista, including Windows Mail, Windows Movie Maker, Windows Photo Gallery, Windows Calendar, Windows Ultimate Extras, and the InkBall game, as well as many customization options such as the Classic Start Menu. Windows Mail, Windows Movie Maker, and Windows Photo Gallery were replaced by similar set of programs known as Windows Live Essentials. The Windows Live Essentials are not included in Windows 7, and have to be downloaded from Microsoft's website.

There are six editions of Windows 7, which contain different features that are meant to be suited for the customer:

At first, a major version of Windows code-named "Blackcomb" was planned as the successor to Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. Features planned for Blackcomb included the Sidebar, an emphasis on looking for data, and an advanced storage system named WinFS. However, a minor release code-named "Longhorn" was announced for 2003, delaying the making of Blackcomb. By the middle of 2003, Longhorn had gotten some of the features meant for Blackcomb. After three major viruses exploited flaws in Windows operating systems within a short time in 2003, Microsoft changed its development priorities, putting some of Longhorn's major development work on hold while they made new service packs for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. Development of Longhorn was reset in September 2004, and it was renamed to Windows Vista. A number of features were cut from Windows Vista as it was being remade.

After Windows Vista was released, Microsoft announced a new plan for the next version of Windows, code-named "Windows 7", in 2007. In 2008, it was announced that "Windows 7" would also be the official name of the operating system.

The first known build was called Milestone 1. It was just a customized version of Windows Vista and it had a send feedback feature since it was a pre-release version.
The next build was called Milestone 2. It had a new taskbar and got Windows Live v 3.1.1.0.

The third Milestone was released in September 2008. It looked like Vista, but it had a new Action Center instead of the Security Center. The action center shows messages for many more things, not just security for Windows.

Build 6801 was a customized version of Milestone 3 that was shown at the Professional Developers Conference and was given to the people that were there.

Build 6933 was shown at PDC but was not given to the people attending. In December 2008, a leaked version of build 6956 was available for download on Peer To Peer Networks.

On January 9, 2009, build 7000 was released as a public beta. According to the Engineering Windows 7 team, users gave a lot of feedback.

The Release Candidate was made available on May 5, 2009, and the build number is 7200.

Windows 7 was launched on October 22, 2009.


List of association football stadiums by capacity

This is a list of association football stadiums. They are put into order by how many people they can hold at one time.

This list is only for football stadiums.


Astelia banksii

Astelia banksii is an evergreen silver-green plant from the beaches of New Zealand. It likes it best in partial shade and in fertile and well-drained soil.

Barclays

Barclays is a major bank. It was founded in 1690.

https://www.barclays.Co.uk

The Beano

The Beano is a weekly British children's comic. The first issue was on July 30, 1938. Annuals are released each year. 



Dunedin

Dunedin is a city in New Zealand, Ōtepoti in Maori, is the second-largest city in the South Island of New Zealand, and the main city of the region of Otago. The city stands on the hills and valleys surrounding the head of Otago Harbour. The harbour and hills are the remnants of an extinct volcano. It is the home of the University of Otago.

Dunedin is twinned with several cities throughout the world. These include:

Dunfermline Building Society

Dunfermline Building Society (which includes Dunfermline Direct) is a trading division of Nationwide Building Society.

Nationwide Building Society is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority for life assurance, pensions, investments, insurance and regulated mortgages.

Big Mac Index

The Big Mac Index is an economic index which compares the purchasing power of two currencies. It looks at how expensive a Big Mac is in different countries. 

The Big Mac Index was first written about in "The Economist" magazine in September 1986. They have published the index each year since then. The McDonald's Big Mac was chosen because it is made in a similar way with similar ingredients in many countries around the world.

The exchange rate between two countries can be compared by dividing the price of a Big Mac in one country (in its currency) by the price of a Big Mac in another country (in its currency). This value is then compared with the actual exchange rate. If the rate is lower, then the first currency is under-valued (according to purchasing power parity (PPP) theory) compared with the second currency. Conversely, if the rate is higher, then the first currency is over-valued.

For example, using figures in July 2008:



Economic index

An economic index is a number that is calculated from different economic factors, like prices or income. These numbers are calculated to be able to compare different economies in different countries. An example for such an index would be the Gross Domestic Product (or GDP).

Usually, the base is given a value of 100 and all later data is expressed in relation to this base. 
For example, the consumer price index (CPI) of a year might stand at 95 (a fall of 5 percent in the prices) or 105 (an increase of 5 percent in the prices).

Indexes (indices) also measure up and down movement of industrial production, and of the market prices of bonds, commodities, shares, etc.

JeOS

JeOS is a version of Ubuntu designed for virtual machines.



All Hope Is Gone (song)

"All Hope Is Gone" is the second single off the album by Slipknot called "All Hope Is Gone".

The Blister Exists

"The Blister Exists" is the final single from Slipknot's "Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses)" album. A music video for the song was released May 21st 2004. "The Blister Exists" is known among fans for its snare drum solo. This song was used to open concerts from The Subliminal Verses tour, following a staged announcement where the audience was told that "due to unforeseen circumstances, Slipknot will not be performing this evening." The song appeared in the video game "Prince of Persia: Warrior Within".

The music video displays the band performing the song live, with clips of their fans with much similarity to "The Nameless" music video.


Fellatio

Fellatio is oral sex performed on the penis. Fellatio is often called a blow job. The opposite of this is cunnilingus. Cunnilingus is oral sex performed on the vulva. 
Fellatio can continue until the receiver ejaculates or as part of foreplay, before actual sexual intercourse. 

There is no risk of getting pregnant by performing a fellatio, because there is no connection from the mouth to the womb and the fallopian tubes. There is however a large risk of transmitting diseases if the mouth comes in contact with semen on the penis. If the person drinks alcoholic drinks, it can make this risk higher. HIV can also enter through open sores or bleeding gums. 

Very few people are allergic to semen. Some claim that swallowing ejaculate is an intimate act. 

Diseases such as Chlamydia, human papillomavirus (HPV), gonorrhea, herpes, hepatitis (multiple strains), and other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), as well as viruses such as HIV, can be transmitted through oral sex. The risk of transmitting HIV through fellatio is unknown, but it is thought to be low. Any kind of direct contact with body fluids of a person infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, poses a risk of infection. The risk from most of these types of infection, however, is generally considered far lower than that associated with vaginal or anal sex.

If the receiving partner has wounds on their genitals, or if the giving partner has wounds or open sores on or in their mouth, or bleeding gums, this poses an increased risk of STD transmission. Flossing or undergoing dental work relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission, because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth. These wounds, even when they are microscopic, increase the chances of contracting STDs that can be transmitted orally under these conditions. Such contact can also lead to more mundane infections from common bacteria and viruses found in, around and secreted from the genital regions. Because of this, some medical professionals advise the use of condoms when performing or receiving fellatio with a partner whose STD status is unknown. Flavoured condoms may be used for this purpose. Alternatively there is flavored lube.

Many people accuse someone of performing fellatio as an insult. For example 'cock sucker!' or 'suck my dick'. 
Many cultures see fellatio as showing control over ones partner, as often the giver is on their knees. In ancient Greece it was called "playing the flute". The Moche people of ancient Peru practiced it regularly and made vases showing it.


Halo 3

Halo 3 is a first-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios for the Xbox 360, published by Microsoft. The game brings an end to the story started in the two previous video games of the Halo series; "" and "Halo 2". The game came out on September 25, 2007 all over the world, except Europe and Japan where it was released on September 26. Microsoft made 4.2 million copies of "Halo 3" for the first day of sales to make sure there were enough copies.

The game's story is based around a future war between a fictional alien race known as "the Covenant" and the human race. The player takes the role of Master Chief, a genetically enhanced "super soldier" who fights for the human race. The player is helped through the story by marines and another alien race known as "the elites". The game had many new features that were not in the first two games including more vehicles, weapons and equipment.

Sales of the game added up to over $900 billion USD in its first week. More than a million people played the game on Xbox Live in the first 24 hours of its release.
By January 1, 2008 it had sold over 8 million copies making it the best selling video game of 2007. The game was well-reviewed in the press. It received a 94 out of 100 rating on Metacritic, a website that puts many reviews together and gives an average score.

The gameplay in "Halo 3" is similar to the gameplay in "" and "Halo 2" but with added features. It is a first-person shooter that takes place mostly on foot but with sections that have vehicles the player can drive. A player can carry a range of weapons including sniper rifles, rocket launchers, grenades and alien weapons such as "beam rifles" and "needlers". Unlike the old games, during multiplayer all weapons a player is carrying can be seen on the player. This includes side holsters for pistols and larger weapons that can be slung across the players back. "Halo 3" also introduces 'support weapons', large two handed weapons that slow the players movement but do a lot of damage. Two examples include the flamethrower and a heavy machine gun, which are new to "Halo 3". The game also included a map-editor called "forge" where players can create their own arenas and battlegrounds to fight in. Almost all weapons and objects in a level can be moved or deleted in forge mode. The game also has "theater" mode which lets players record some of their best kills or plays from multiplayer mode. The last 20 games played are automatically saved, although this feature needs an Xbox 360 hard drive to work. These movies can be uploaded to Bungie's website where other people can download them and watch them on their PC.

"Halo 3's" story mode contains nine levels. The story can be played alone, with a friend on the same console or with four players over Xbox Live. The first player takes control of Master Chief, the second player plays as the leader of the Elites, "Arbiter" and the last two as elites themselves. There are skulls hidden through the levels. If they are found by any of the players the gameplay changes in some way. For example one skull makes confetti and balloons appear when a player gets a headshot and another makes all enemies stronger and tougher.

A multiplayer game can have up to four people on one console, or up to sixteen players over Xbox Live. There are many different types of multiplayer games. There is a death match, where the goal is to kill all the players (called "Slayer" in Halo). There are "capture the flag" games with two teams (eight people on each team). In capture the flag, each team has their own flag. The goal of the game is to steal the enemy flag, and take it back to base to score a point. Aside from these there are also team games. These games can have two, six, or eight players on each team.

There is a ranking system in Halo 3 that matches players with other players of the same ability, to make sure it is a fair game. The ranks are based on real life military ranks. The lowest is corporal but players can progress all the way up to general. Because multiplayer Halo is often played online there is a mute option, which lets any one player blank out the voice of any other player.

The game is set in the same fictional world as the rest of the Halo series. Most of the game takes place in the future year 2553, over 500 years from now. In the storyline humans have developed faster than light travel, and now live on many planets and moons of the Solar System. When humanity started to build another settlement on a planet around another star they met the alien "Covenant". The Covenant declared religious war on humanity. During Halo 2 the Covenant discovered Earth. At the start of Halo 3, the Covenant are launching a full-scale invasion of Earth.

The Halo of the games title is the name of a series of space super weapons built by a mysterious race called the Forerunners a long time before the game. The Halo's are the last defence against another alien race known as "the Flood". The Flood want to use every living thing in the galaxy for food. The Halos are actually giant super weapons, that when activated, will kill all life in the galaxy. The only way to stop the Flood is to starve them by killing all their food. The Covenant do not know this and are attempting to fire Halos as part of a wrong religious prophecy. In the first Halo game, , the humans and Master Chief manage to stop the Covenant from firing one of the Halos. They also destroy one of them in the process. The destruction of one of the Halos starts an emergency. The Halos can now "all" be fired from one place, using a device called "the Ark". The Covenant, still not understanding the truth, launch an invasion of Earth, where they believe the Ark is buried. This is where the "Halo 3" story starts.

The main character of "Halo 3" is Master Chief. Master Chief is a super soldier, the last surviving member of the Spartan Project. The Spartan Project was started by humans to genetically make soldiers who were stronger, faster and tougher than any normal human. Another character from Halo 1 and 2, controlled by the second player in a co-op game is "Arbiter", the leader of the alien Elites. In "Halo 2" he is an enemy but in "Halo 3" he joins forces with the humans. Other returning characters include the veteran human soldier Ser"geant Avery Johnson", the AI "Cortana", the robot "343 Guilty Spark" and "the Gravemind", the dangerous leader of the Flood.

"Halo 3" begins where Halo 2 left off. The player once again plays as Master Chief as he falls towards Earth. He crashes in Kenya near the city of Mombasa. He is found by a squad of marines led by sergeant Avery Johnson, the commander from Halo and Halo 2. The player and the marines fight their way through invading Covenant force to a human outpost. Here they find human forces making a last attempt to stop the Covenant from activating a portal they found buried in the Kenyan desert. They are unsuccessful however, and the Covenant open the portal to the Ark, where they will be able to fire the Halos and destroy the galaxy. Just after the Covenant fleet of spacecraft leave the portal, a big ship crashes into the city of Mombasa. This ship has been taken over by the Flood. The player as Master Chief, must fight their way into the ruined spacecraft and recover the robot Cortana who can tell them the way to re-open the portal and follow the Covenant. Once the player is successful, the humans re-open the portal and head after the Covenant to stop them firing the Halos. Joining them is 343 Guilty Spark, one of the robots who helped build the destroyed Halo from the first game. Once through the portal the player and his allies discover the huge, planet-sized structure known as the Ark, where all the Halos can be fired from. Led by 343 Guilty Spark the player makes their way to the centre of the Ark where the Covenant leader, the Prophet of Truth is preparing to fire.

Just as the player arrives to stop the Prophet of Truth, the Flood infested ship "High Charity", arrives in an attempt to take over the Ark. The player, Arbiter and Johnson now take out all the Flood in the area before Arbiter kills the Prophet of Truth and prevents the Halos from being fired. There is no time for the player to rest however, as he must now head to the nuclear reactor at the center of the Flood infested spacecraft, "High Charity" in an effort to kill the Flood. Once this is complete, the player and Arbiter must go and activate "one" Halo ring. This will destroy the Ark and kill all the Flood in this area of the Milky Way Galaxy whilst saving the rest. The player and the Arbiter head off to activate the single Halo and save the Galaxy. When they arrive 343 Guilty Spark warns them that activating this Halo will destroy the whole Ark and the Halo itself. The player ignores the warning. This angers 343 Guilty Spark. He kills Sergent Johnson, and attempts to kill Master Chief to keep 'his' Halo from being destroyed. This is in effect the final 'boss battle' of the game. The player defeats the robot, and activates the Halo. A countdown starts but it too late for the player as Master Chief and the AI Cortana. They manage to board a spacecraft to take them away but it is caught in the explosion and is split in two. Master Chief is assumed dead.

If the player completes the game on any difficulty, after the credits you see that the Master Chief and Cortana survived. If you finish the game on the "Legendary" difficulty you can see an alternate ending after the credits.

The first work was started on "Halo 3" before the release of Halo 2 in 2004. Through 2004/2005 Bungie refused to confirm they were working on "Halo 3", only saying that they had a 'new project'. The game was officially announced with a trailer at E3 2006. While details of the multiplayer were openly announced and talked about before release, details of the story were kept mostly secret until the day of the launch. There are over 40,000 recorded clips of Non Player Character (NPC) dialogue in Halo 3. That is more than twice times as many for Halo 2. Separate sound recordings were made for nearby and distant gunfire to make a more believable experience. Like Halo 1 and 2 the game has its own especially recorded classical soundtrack. The music was recorded with a 27 piece choir and a 60 piece orchestra.

 Various marketing ideas were used to promote the release of Halo 3. A Beta, unfinished version, of the multiplayer mode was released with the Microsoft game Crackdown a few months before the actual release. The advertising campaign cost an estimated $10 million US dollars. The 'Believe' campaign was a high profile launch on television, radio, billboards and other high profile places. It focused on the epic quality of the games storyline. The game's tagline or key phrase was " 'finish the fight' ". Pepsi also announced a new energy drink called Game Fuel. It had an image of Master Chief and the Halo 3 logo on the packaging. Bill Gates, the owner of Microsoft personally sold copies of the game at a Washington game store.

"Halo 3" sales reached $170 million within 24 hours, making it the biggest selling entertainment product launch in US history. It beat the previous record set by Halo 2 in 2004. It was the best selling video game of 2007 in the US, despite only being available on Xbox 360. On January 3, 2008 Microsoft announced "Halo 3" had sold 8.1 million copies worldwide.

Halo 3 was mostly given very good reviews in the media. On Metacritic the game has an average score of 94 out of 100. This was an average from 74 reviews. The multiplayer was often given praise and IGN said that the multiplayer was 'the strongest of the series so far'.
The music to the campaign was also highly praised, along with the voice acting. The main bad points from reviews were the short length of the story mode and the AI of your allies. Bryan Vore of gamecritics said that some parts of the story mode were 'embarrassing'. Nevertheless he still said the full game was a 'masterpiece'.

Halo 3 has one of the largest numbers of players online of games. The online multiplayer has many different game types such as 4 vs 4, 2 vs 2, 8 vs 8 and a lot more. In most gametypes, the player spawns (comes to life) with an Assault Rifle or a Battle Rifle, but other games have other weapons (like Shotty Snipers, which has a Shotgun and a Sniper). Some games require working as a team, while others require single skills. Increasing your skill and timing is important to win in Halo 3, just like every other game.


Extremaduran language

The Extremaduran language () is the native language of Northwestern province of Cáceres. About 150,000 people speak it in Extremadura. This language is very similar to Leonese language and Asturian or Bable, spoken in other territories that once made up the Kingdom of León. Is called "artu estremeñu" (High extremaduran) too. Central and Low Extremaduran ("Meyu estremeñu" and "Bahu estremeñu") are Spanish dialects with Extremaduran influences.


Macron Stadium

The University of Bolton Stadium is a football stadium in the town of Horwich, near Bolton, in the county of Greater Manchester, England. It is the current home stadium of Bolton Wanderers F.C.. It opened in 1997 as Reebok Stadium, named after the club's former sponsor, the sportswear company Reebok. In 2014, after the sponsorship deal with Reebok ended, a new deal was signed with Italian sportswear company Macron, and the stadium was renamed accordingly. This has since changed to The University of Bolton Stadium.

The team is in the Football league 1.

Tanoli

Tanoli or Tanawali are a Hindko-speaking ethnic group living in the Hazara area of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The Tanolis claim descent from Barlas Turks, who were settled in this region by Timur after he conquered Hazara.

Jirga

A jirga (sometimes spelt jirgah) (Pashto / ) is a tribal meeting of elders. The meeting makes decisions by consensus. It is mainly the Pashtun people who have theses meetings - but other people who live near the Pashtun also have these meetings to settle disputes. They are most common in Afghanistan and among the Pashtun in Pakistan near its border with Afghanistan.

The meeting is usually made to help solve a dispute between two people. The people involved in a dispute usually begin by finding a mediator, choosing someone who is trusted to fairly solve the problem. The mediator can be a religious leader, a local notable, or someone who is known for helping to settle disputes. 

The mediator hears from the two sides, and then forms a jirga of community elders, taking care to include supporters of both sides. After listening to both sides the jirga then comes to a decision. When the decision has been made the mediator then announces it. The jirga's decision has to be accepted.

Gujar Khan

Gujar Khan () is a city in Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is the capital of Gujar Khan Tehsil, one of the seven tehsils or subdivisions of Rawalpindi District. It is about 55 kilometres southeast of Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan and 220 km to the northwest of Lahore capital of Punjab. It is located in the historic Pothohar Plateau and the local language spoken here is Pothwari.

Gujar Khan, as well as being tehsil capital, is divided into 3 Union Councils:


According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, the city had 57,099 people.

Pothowari is the main language of Gujar Khan, other languages are Urdu, Punjabi and Pashto.

Gujar Khan has four twin cities, these are:

Chlamydia infection

Chlamydia infection (from the Greek, χλαμύδος meaning "cloak") is a common sexually transmitted infection (STI) in humans. It is caused by the bacterium "Chlamydia trachomatis". It can be treated with antibiotics. 
The term "Chlamydia infection" can also refer to infections caused by any species belonging to the bacterial family "Chlamydiaceae". "C. trachomatis" is only in humans. Chlamydia is a major infectious cause of human genital and eye disease.

The infection is one of the most common sexually transmitted infections in people worldwide – about 2.8 million cases of chlamydia infection occur in the United States each year. It is the most common bacterial STI in humans.

"C. trachomatis" naturally lives only inside human cells. Chlamydia can be transmitted during vaginal, anal, or oral sex. It can also be passed from an infected mother to her baby during vaginal childbirth. Many people with Chlamydia show no symptoms of infection. Between half and three-quarters of all women who have chlamydia have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected. Untreated, chlamydial infections can cause serious reproductive and other health problems with both short-term and long-term consequences.

Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide. The World Health Organization estimates that it accounted for 15% of blindness cases in 1995, but only 3.6% in 2002.


Ted Strickland

Theodore "Ted" Strickland (born August 4, 1941) was the 68th Governor of Ohio. He held the office from 2007 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Before he became Governor, he served in the United States House of Representatives for two terms (1993–1995 and 1997–2007).

Michigan Wolverines

The Michigan Wolverines are 24 varsity sports teams at the University of Michigan.

Boston Massacre

The Boston Massacre happened when five civilians (people who were not in the military) were shot and killed by 9 British soldiers on March 5, 1770. It was in Boston, Massachusetts, which was a British colony at the time. The event happened at night when a large mob got together outside of the Custom House. One British soldier named Hugh White had hit a boy who had insulted his commanding officer. The boy ran away and came back with a large mob of angry people. More British soldiers came to help protect Hugh White from the people. The mob threw snowballs with clams inside them and hit them with wooden clubs. As the mob got larger and larger the scene became more and more chaotic. Someone in the crowd yelled "fire". In the confusion, some of the soldiers fired into the crowd. Crispus Attucks, an African-American man, was one of the first people killed.

Eight British soldiers went to court after the Boston Massacre. Only two of them, Hugh Montgomery and Matthew Killroy, were found guilty of manslaughter in court. Their punishment was to have the palms of their hands branded (have their palms marked with a burn). John Adams was the lawyer who defended the British soldiers. He knew that many people would be upset with him for defending the soldiers, but he believed that everybody deserved a fair trial. ("Adams would later become the President of the United States"). 

Paul Revere, a man who worked with metals in Boston, made an engraving of the British soldiers shooting into the crowd, depicted as violent. Many people saw the engraving and became angry. A few years later, the American Revolution started, and the colonies would become an independent country, the United States of America.

Dreadlocks

Dreadlocks, also called locks or dreads, are coils of hair which are made by themselves, in all hair types, if the hair is allowed to grow naturally without grooming for a long time. They are part of some religions, like the Rastafarian religion in Jamaica. People who do not have to have dreadlocks because of their religion sometimes have dreadlocks as well. A lot of them do not let their dreads form naturally, but make dreadlocks themselves. There are different ways in which people help their hair go together to form dreadlocks. Backcombing, braiding, and twisting are some of the different techniques used to form dreadlocks.

Dreadlocks are one kind of protective hairstyle. They can stop the hairs from breaking.

List of football clubs in Russia

These are some Russian football teams.


F.C. Dynamo Moscow

F.C. Dynamo Moscow is a football club which plays in Russian Premier-League.


Lev Yashin

Lev Yashin (22 October 1929 – 20 March 1990) was a former Russian football player. He had played for Dynamo Moscow and Soviet Union national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time, while some even considering him to be the greatest.


Dynamo Moscow

Soviet Union

Individual

Dynamo Moscow

Ronaldo (Brazilian footballer)

Ronaldo (born 18 September 1976) is a retired Brazilian football player. During his career he played for F.C. Barcelona, PSV Eindhoven, Inter Milan, Real Madrid CF, A.C. Milan, and Corinthians. Ronaldo is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time. He won two World Cups in 1994 and 2002 and the 1997 Ballon d'Or.

!Total||98||62


League of Ireland Premier Division

The League of Ireland Premier Division is a football league which is the top division in the Republic of Ireland. For historic reasons, one club based in Northern Ireland, namely Derry City, plays in the Republic's league system, and is currently in the Premier Division.


Japanese kickboxing

The Japanese kickboxing is called in English "oriental kickboxing". According to certain people, the word "kickboxing" would have been invented, in Japan, in the years 1950 by experts of karate who needed to fight with total contact.
In the year 1958, a man who practised kickboxing is the student of oriental languages, the Burmese Maung Gyi who studied martial arts from experts of bando in Burma and also from Gogen Yamaguchi - the grand person with special skill of karate, called "the cat". Maung Gyi fights in Japan under different names and makes the Burmese boxing (lethwei) known in time when the competitions of Japanese kickboxing happened.



Emilio Butragueño

Emilio Butragueño (born 22 July 1963) is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

Real Madrid B

Real Madrid

Spain

Individual

Paco Gento

Francisco Gento López (21 October 1933 – 18 January 2022) was a Spanish football player. He played for Spain national team.

Gento died in Madrid, Spain on 18 January 2022, aged 88.

Real Madrid



Individual

Records

Athletic Bilbao

Athletic Club, most often known in English as Athletic Bilbao, is a football club which plays in Spain.

The club formed from a merger of two football clubs ; Bilbao F.C. and Athletic Club in 1903.

Athletic Bilbao is known for only utilizing players from the historic basque territory, which includes the Basque Country in Spain and France such as the region of Navarre.

Athletic Club has three major rivalries: Real Sociedad de San Sebastian, FC Barcelona and Real Madrid.

The Rivalry with Real Sociedad is due to the location, because both teams are from the Basque Country. The rivalry also took place because of the rule to only sign players from the basque territory, yet Real Sociedad abondoned the rule in the 1980s.

The rivalries with Real Madrid established itself because of the political circumstances. Both the Basque Country and Catalunya were had massive issues with the central goverment under Dictator Franco in Madrid, who forbid their language and traditions for a greater spanish empire. Franco heavily supported the capitals team, Real Madrid, which caused tensions with supporters of Athletic Club.

The rivalry with FC Barcelona also is a result of the Franco-era. FC Barcelona, located in Catalunya, had the same issues with the central government such as the Basque Country. As a result of this circumstance, a rivalry between the Basque Country and Catalunya happened, which translated in football. As both Athletic Club and the FC Barcelona are the most important teams of their regions, they were the protagonists for this rivalry. 

Even with Spain being democratic since Franco's in 1975, both rivalries with Real Madrid and FC Barcelona are still on-going. 






"Runners-up:" 2011-2012

Rafael Moreno Aranzadi

Rafael Moreno Aranzadi is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

!Total||5||1

Telmo Zarra

Pedro Telmo Zarraonandía Montoya (20 January 1921 – 23 February 2006), known as Telmo Zarra (, ), is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

Athletic Bilbao

Individual

Decorations

Posthumous dedications

Records

Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga

Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga (born 23 May 1956) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

314||35
314||35

!Total||39||4

Hugo Sánchez

Hugo Sánchez (born 11 July 1958) is a former Mexican football player. He has played for the Mexico national team.

Last updated 17 June 2019

Includes results from Liga MX
Includes only results from 2000 U.S. Cup
Includes results from Liga MX, Campeón de Campeones, 2003 Copa Libertadores, CONCACAF Champions' Cup 2005 and Trofeo Santiago Bernabeu
Includes results from 2008 CONCACAF Men's Pre-Olympic Tournament and under-23 international friendly matches
Includes results from La Liga, Copa del Rey and Trofeo Lagarto de Jaén
Includes results from Liga MX and Copa MX

UNAM

Atlético Madrid

Real Madrid

América

Linz

Mexico

Individual

UNAM

Mexico

Individual

Tony Adams

Tony Adams MBE (born 10 October 1966) is an English former footballer. He has played for Arsenal and the English national team.

!Total||66||5

Arsenal

Individual

Orders

Paolo Maldini

Paolo Maldini (born 26 June 1968) is a former Italian football player. He had played for Milan and Italy national team. Maldini is considered by many to be one of the greatest defenders of all time and, by some, to be the greatest ever. He is the second-highest appearance maker in the history of Serie A.

648||29||72||1||161||3||881||33
648||29||72||1||166||3||886||33

!Total||126||7

Winner (26)
Runner-up (15)




Alessandro Del Piero

Alessandro Del Piero (born 9 November 1974 in Conegliano) is an Italian former football player. He has played for Juventus from 1993 to 2012, Sydney FC from 2012 to 2014 and Delhi Dynamos in 2014 as a striker. He was the captain of the Juventus team since 2001. He stopped playing for the national team in 2006.

Del Piero is considered among the best talents that Italian football has ever witnessed. In 2004, he was included in the FIFA 100, a list of 125 greatest living players. In 1999, he was listed 77th in the list of the best players of the 20th century published by World Soccer magazine. He is one of five Italian players to score over 300 goals (312 as pf 6 November 2010) along with Filippo Inzaghi (315), Roberto Baggio (318), Giuseppe Meazza (338) and Silvio Piola (364).

Del Piero is the son of Gino, an electrician, and Bruna, a housekeeper. He regularly played football in the backyard with two friends, Nelso and Pierpaolo as a child. All three dreamed of becoming footballers, but only Del Piero would eventually manage to do so. Alessandro's older brother, Stefano, briefly played professional football for Sampdoria before injury struck him. The family lived in the hamlet of Saccon near San Vendemiano. While growing up, Del Piero's family did not have much money for travelling abroad, so he was considering being a truck driver in order to see the world.

Del Piero played for the local youth team of San Vendemiano since the age of 7. He used to play as a goalkeeper because he could play a lot more football that way. His mother thought it would be better for him if he played as a goalkeeper, since he would not have to run and the possibility of him getting injured was less likely. His brother told their mother that Alex was better at attacking and Del Piero switched position.

It was while playing with his local side of San Vendemiano in 1988 that Del Piero was first spotted by scouts. He left home at the age of 13 to play in the youth side of Padova Calcio.

448||189||48||21||112||47||608||257
448||189||48||21||112||47||608||257

!Total||91||26


Football League Fourth Division

Football League Fourth Division is a former football league in England and Wales.

Purchasing power

Purchasing power is a relation between labor and money. Some people have money. Adam Smith says that the purchasing power is the amount of money needed to labour (goods or services) from other people. 

Eratosthenes

Eratosthenes of Cyrene (276 – 194 BC) was a 3rd century BC Greek mathematician, geographer and astronomer. He was head of the Library of Alexandria from 240 until his death: this was the most important library of the ancient world.

According to the Suda, his contemporaries nicknamed him "Beta", (the second letter of the Greek alphabet), because he was the second best in the world in almost any field. Eratosthenes was a friend of Archimedes, who also lived and worked in Alexandria. Archimedes was the greatest mathematician and inventor of the age, so perhaps the Beta nickname was not unjust.

The works Eratosthenes wrote are known to us only indirectly: the great Library was destroyed, and no copies survived. Strabo (~63–24) wrote about geography in antiquity. He tells us that the works of Eratosthenes were "On the measurement of the Earth" and "Geographica".

Eratosthenes made several remarkable discoveries and inventions. He was the first person to calculate the circumference of the Earth (with remarkable accuracy), and he invented a system of latitude and longitude. He calculated the tilt of the earth's axis (again with remarkable accuracy); he may also have accurately calculated the distance from the earth to the sun and invented the leap day. He created a map of the world based on the available geographical knowledge of the era. Eratosthenes was also the founder of scientific chronology; he wanted to fix the dates of the chief literary and political events from the conquest of Troy.

Eratosthenes measured the circumference of the Earth without leaving Egypt. He knew that on the summer solstice at local noon at the Syene on the Tropic of Cancer, the sun would appear at the directly overhead. He also knew, from measurement, that in Alexandria, the angle of elevation of the sun would be 1/50 of a full circle (7°12') south of the zenith at the same time.

Assuming that Alexandria was due north of Syene he concluded that the distance from Alexandria to Syene must be 1/50 of the total circumference of the Earth (360 degrees). His estimated distance between the cities was 5000 stadia () by estimating the time that he had taken to travel from Syene to Alexandria by camel. He rounded the result to a final value of 700 stadia per degree, which implies a circumference of 250,000 stadia. The exact size of the stadion he used is frequently argued. The common Attic stadium was about , which would imply a circumference of , which is different from the currently accepted circumference of the Earth (). The method is an early application of trigonometry in the measurement science of geodesy.

In mathematics, the sieve of Eratosthenes (Greek: κόσκινον Ἐρατοσθένους) is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to a specified integer. It works efficiently for the smaller primes (below 10 million).
The sieve was described and attributed to Eratosthenes in the "Introduction to Arithmetic" by Nicomachus.
Eratosthenes went further and computed the tilt of the Earth's axis to within a degree. This is the tilt which is the main cause of the annual climate cycle of spring, summer, autumn, winter. He also deduced the length of the year as 365¼ days. He suggested that calendars should have a leap day every fourth year, an idea taken up two centuries later by Julius Caesar.

Tubule

A tubule is a very small tube. In anatomy, a tubule is a very small tube coated with epithelium from your glands.

Jango Fett

Jango Fett is a Star Wars bounty hunter and the genetic template of the Clone troopers for the Clone Wars. He made his first appearance in "" (2002).

As with his clones and Boba Fett, he is portrayed by Temuera Morrison.

Gilf el-Kebir

Gif el-Kebir is a large plateau in Egypt. The name can be translated as "the great barrier". It is located in trhe extreme south-east of Egypt, next ot Lybia and Sudan. It has about the same size as Switzerland. It rises 300 m above the rest of the desert. The plateau is very arid and difficult to access. 
There is a crater called "Kebir crater" in the plateau.

The Uweinat mountain range at the very south of the plateau is shared between Egypt, Libya and Sudan.

Wadis:


The Gilf Kebir is mentioned in Michael Ondaatje's novel 'The English Patient'. It was also the site of the recent discovery of a bag which had been lost in the Second World War by a dispatch rider (Alec Ross) of the Long Range Desert Group, part of the British Army. This contained the rider's personal letters and photographs, and had been well preserved.

The Gilf Kebir is known for its prehistoric (Neolithic) petroglyphs



HBOS

HBOS is a major bank. It was founded in 2001 when Halifax merged with the Bank of Scotland. It is headquarted in Edinburgh, Scotland. On 17 September 2008 it was said that Lloyds TSB would take over HBOS.

Must Get Out

"Must Get Out" is the 5th single by Maroon 5. The song was released in 2005 off their first album, "Songs About Jane". 

Ansel Adams

Ansel Easton Adams (February 20, 1902 – April 22, 1984) was a renowned American photographer and environmentalist, best known for his black-and-white photographs of the American West and primarily Yosemite National Park.

Dorothea Lange

Dorothea Lange (May 26, 1895 – October 11, 1965) was an influential American documentary photographer and photojournalist, best known for her Depression-era work for the Farm Security Administration (FSA). Lange's photographs showing the United State's poor families during the Depression influenced the development of documentary photography.

Lange was born on May 26, 1895, in Hoboken, New Jersey. In 1914 Lange started her career working in the studio of photographer Arnold Genthe. She also studied with Clarence Hudson White at Columbia University. In 1919 Lange opened her own portrait studio in San Francisco, California.

In 1935 Lange began working for the Resettlement Administration which was later renamed the Farm Security Administration. In 1936 she took her best-known photograph "Migrant Mother". 

Lange died on October 11, 1965, in San Francisco, California.

A retrospective exhibition of her work was held at the Museum of Modern Art in 1966.

Lostprophets

Lostprophets were a rock band from Pontypridd, Wales. They were signed to the record label Sony BMG. They released five studio albums in their career and had two top ten hits in the UK, "Last Train Home" and "Rooftops". They won six Kerrang! Awards. They broke up in October 2013 after singer Ian Watkins was charged in December 2012 with raping a baby and other sex crimes. In November 2013, he was convicted of attempted rape and sexual assault of a child. On 18 December 2013, Watkins was sentenced to 35 years in prison.

Lostprophets' first release was their 1997 EP "Here Comes the Party".
In 1999 Lostprophets were signed to a record label called Visible Noise. Their first album "Thefakesoundofprogress" was released on 27 November 2000. On 2 February 2004 the band's second album "Start Something" was released in the UK and South Korea. Six singles were released from the album. "Burn Burn" reached number seventeen in the UK Singles Chart. The band's third album, "Liberation Transmission", was released in June 2006 and was the band's first album to enter the UK Albums Chart at No.1. The album was also successful in Japan. Kerrang! gave it five out of five stars. In 2009 Lostprophets did a cover of "Boys Don't Cry" on an album of The Cure covers given away free with NME.
"The Betrayed", the band's fourth studio album, was released in the UK on 13 January 2010. It reached number three in the UK Albums Chart. Their last album, "Weapons" was released on 2 April 2012. It reached the number five in the UK Albums Chart. It got mixed reviews.

HMV stopped selling Lostprophets' albums in 2013 after Watkins was convicted of trying to rape a baby. The BBC will not play Lostprophets' music anymore.

In June 2014, the remaining members formed No Devotion with American singer Geoff Rickly as their lead vocalist.


Racism

Racism is the belief that one race is better than others. It means judging and treating people badly (e.g., discrimination) because they are from a different race or ethnicity.

Racism can affect many parts of society, like laws, cultures, and economies. In extreme cases, it can lead to terrible events like the Holocaust, where certain races were targeted and treated horribly. During the Holocaust, Nazis in Germany believed that some races did not even deserve to exist. These beliefs were racist. Because of those beliefs, they killed many people who belonged to those races. Those actions, which resulted from their racist beliefs, were also racist.

Racism has been around for a long time and has caused wars, slavery, and the creation of nations. It was used by some powerful groups to justify their actions and biases. For example, during colonial times, Europeans used racism to exploit indigenous peoples and take their lands. In the United States, white people treated African American as property, using racist ideas to make it seem okay.

There are different forms of racism, some are very obvious, but others are more hidden. Everyday racism is the less obvious kind that happens in society. It's when people make others feel like they don't fully belong because of their race. This can happen through social interactions and behaviors based on racist beliefs.

Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity. They do this based on ancestry, as well as visible traits like skin color and facial features. People of the same ethnic group are often connected by ancestry, speaking the same language, having the same culture, and living in the same places.

However, scientists say that humans do not really fit well into these categories, biologically. The DNA of people from different races is very similar. Evidence from genetics and archaeology suggests that all humans came from the same group of early humans in East Africa. This means that different races did not appear at different times. All humans came from the same race, and separated into different races later. Because white people historically had more power, some people call racism against whites "reverse racism".

In the second half of the 19th century, there were different ideas on how species change over time. Charles Dawin made the idea of evolution popular and spoke about natural selection. Herbert Spencer spoke about the survival of the fittest. Social darwinism is the idea that what applies to species also applies to human societies:

Between the 1870s, and the end of the Second World War, these concepts were sometimes used to justify racist ideologies.


In the late 18th century, Europeans began using the term "Aryan" to refer to the original prehistoric Proto-Indo-Europeans and their descendants up to the present day (i.e., the Indo-European peoples—those Caucasians who speak the Indo-European languages). It was also assumed at the time, that, Aryans were a culturally superior people. By the late 19th century, some Europeans began to use the name "Aryan" for only the Nordic peoples of Europe (one branch of the Indo-European peoples), as a "pure," "noble" and racially "superior" race they claimed were descended from the original Aryan tribes. The theory that the Aryans first came from Europe became especially popular in Germany and to a lesser degree in Austria and Hungary.
There was much prejudice based upon this perception of the world as the Europeans and Orientals both regarded them selves as superior to the other skin colours, which lead to African slavery, Apartheid, the Jim Crow Laws, Nazism and Japanese imperialism.

In Europe, most racism is against Romani people, also known as gypsies. Antiziganism is common in Europe.

When Europeans came to America, they killed thousands of Native Americans and when the European settlers got to Australia, they started killing off large numbers of Aborigines.

With the birth of their empires, many other native tribes suffered in Canada, New Zealand, China, Pakistan, Bangladesh and India.

Japan also held similar beliefs about Chinese and Koreans in their colonies.

Racism in the U.K., Ireland and France was usually about limiting the rights of Jews, Roma and minorities like the French Basques.

As the colonies became independent after the 1950s, many migrated to the U.K. and France, but were discriminated against. Some British cafes and hotels would not welcome in Caribbean guests and the French made Arabs feel unwelcome in some French towns as well. Since the 1960s, India, Pakistani and Bangladeshi people have moved to the U.K. and been victimised and 'Paki-bashed'. 9/11, 2001, has heightened the French and British fears about Islam and Arabs in general. Polish and Brazilian migrant labours are also discriminated against in some places. Racist parties like the U.K.'s British National Party and National Front trade on these fears to get votes.

Alleged scientific findings of racial differences were used by Nazi Germany to justify the racialist policy with its concept of "Großdeutschland" (Greater Germany) and the Nordic race idea. The Nazis' attitude towards the Jews were anti-Semitic and falsely blamed them for Germany's defeat in World War I and the Great Depression. The Nazis and some of their anti-Semitic allies, like Hungary, committed genocide against the Jews during the Holocaust of World War II.

Both the Nazis and Romania's Iron Guard also persecuted the Roma, who were considered part of the allegedly inferior 'Indic' race. During World War II, the Nazis embarked on a systematic attempt at genocide of the Roma, known as the "Porajmos". The Nazis also knowingly killed of thousands of Slavs, lesbians, Communists, liberals and gays.

Fascist Benito Mussolini, in a 1919 speech to denounce Soviet Russia, claimed that Jewish bankers in London and New York City were bound by the chains of race to Moscow, and claimed that 80 percent of the Soviet leaders were Jews.

Many Italian fascists held anti-Slavist views, especially against neighbouring Yugoslav nations, who they saw as being in competition with Italy, which had laid claim to the Yugoslavia's region of Dalmatia.

Mussolini said Italy would get its own way and was willing to use force to settle arguments. An early example was Italy's bombardment of the Greek island of Corfu in 1923. Soon after he succeeded in setting up a puppet regime in Albania and crushed a rebellion in Libya, which had been an Italian colony since 1912.

Italy, like Germany, Austria and Hungary regarded all Slavs and Roma as stupid, racially inferior due to the effects of Social Darwinism and undeserving of their basic rights. Anti-Arab discrimination was also used in parts of Libya.

The Iron Guard was an antisemitic fascist movement and political party in Romania from 1927 to 1941. They despised and denounced both Jews and the Roma.

American racism has been a major issue in the country since before its founding. Historically dominated by White settler society, race in the United States as a concept became significant in relation to other groups. Generally racist attitudes in the country have been most onerously applied to Native Americans, African Americans and some "foreign-seeming" action against Mexican immigrants among others. The Chinese, Japanese and Irish had trouble in America, during the 19th century, but the Blacks fell foul of the Jim Crow Laws which once racially separated some parts of America between Blacks and Whites. These first emerged in the late 19th Century and lasted to the mid 1960s and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

Millions of Africans were killed while they were held as prisoners or as slaves by the Europeans and Arabs. Some call this "The Black Holocaust".

The United States' legal system has been accused of racism. 40% of the prison population are black. 12% of the general population is black.
The New York Police Department stop-and-frisk program has been accused of racial profiling.

The book To Kill A Mockingbird is a well-known American novel largely focusing on race in the Jim Crow era, described earlier.

In the 21st century, certain groups of non-white people hold the idea that all white people have advantages over them based on their skin color, with disregard to family background, personal history, or current situation.

In the United Kingdom the two most popular nationalist political parties are the British National Party (BNP) and the UK Independence Party (UKIP). There is also a group called the English Defense League (EDL). They are thought to be racist by a lot of people. They are against unlimited immigration and colonization by Muslims. Although Muslims can be of any race, they are usually South Asian. In a 2013 poll, 27% of 1000 British people aged between 18 and 24 said that they did not trust Muslims.
In the United Kingdom most people are white. 7% are Asian and 3% are black. 4.83% of the British population are Muslims.

South African "Apartheid laws" were a system of racial segregation which was used to deny many rights of non-white people. They started in 1948. The laws allowed the white minority to keep the Black majority out of certain areas. Black people had to carry special papers (passes) or have permission to live and work in particular areas. Whites opposed intermarriage with non-whites and coloured people were also discriminated against, but not as badly as the non-whites. The Prohibition of Mixed Marriages Act of 1949 prohibited marriage between persons of different races and the Immorality Act of 1950 made sexual relations with a person of a different race a criminal offence. The blacks suffered greatly and were even banned from voting at one point. Nelson Mandela became South Africa's first black president in 1994. Mandela ended apartheid. Currently, racial quota laws discriminate against Whites in South Africa. The Black President Zuma of South Africa publicly sings "Kill The Boer", which means, Kill the White [Farmer]". Genocidewatch.org reports that the White South Africans are facing genocide.

The Imperial Rule Assistance Association ("Taisei Yokusankai") was a coalition of fascist and nationalist political movements of Japan such as the Imperial Way Faction ("Kōdōha") and the Society of the East ("Tōhōkai"). It was formed under the guidance of Japanese Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe Prior to creation of the IRAA, Konoe had already effectively nationalized strategic industries, the news media, and labour unions, in preparation for total war with China. Japan needed more land, minerals and colonies, so they annexed Korea, Manchuria and part of China. The Japanese regarded the Chinese, Koreans and Europeans as an inferior race that should be crushed and exploited.

When Konoe's successor, Hideki Tōjō took over the IRAA he attempted to establish himself as the absolute leader, or "Shogun", of Japan, under the Emperor of Japan.

Some Japanese people still believe that they did not commit as many massacres as the Western World and China said they did.

With the revelations of the holocaust, as well as worldwide antiracist efforts, old ideas about race changed and, more slowly, some prejudices about race faded. The civil rights movement tried to liberate persons of African origin from racist white supremacist rule in South Africa and the southern USA. Blacks could vote in South Africa after a 50-year ban.

The growth of the Hispanic population through immigration from Mexico and elsewhere, combined with and high birth rates, are a factor in the USA's rising population in the last quarter-century. The 2000 census also found Native Americans/Amerindians at their highest population ever, 4.5 million, since the U.S was founded in 1776.


Korba, Chhattisgarh

Korba is a city in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh. The city is the center of power in the state, meaning that it is the source from which people who live there get their energy supply. It contains major power companies such as NTPC and LENCO. Apart from power projects, it is the home of the most profiting coal mines in India namely DIPKA & GEVRA which are part of SECL (South Eastern Coalfields Limited). Vedanta group's presence is also felt through BALCO aluminium plant.

Apoptosis

Apoptosis is the controlled death of a cell. It is an important part of tissue development. For example, during limb development in a foetus, apoptosis allows digits (fingers and toes) to separate from each other. The process is quite common until puberty begins. Apoptosis is a regulated and controlled process which works throughout an organism's life cycle. The rate of apoptosis is balanced by the rate of cell production by mitosis.

The phenomenon of programmed cell death was first described by Carl Vogt in 1842. In 1885, anatomist Walther Flemming gave a more precise description of the process.

The average adult human loses between 50 and 70 billion cells each day due to apoptosis. The average human adult has more than 13 trillion cells of which at most only 70 billion die each day. That is, about 5 out of every 1,000 cells (0.5%) die each day due to apoptosis. For an average human child between the ages of 8 and 14, approximately 20–30 billion cells die per day.

When a cell dies by apoptosis, surrounding tissue is not harmed. <br>
1. Enzymes break down the cytoskeleton of the cell.<br>
2. Cytoplasm becomes dense, with organelles tightly packed.<br>
3. Cell surface membrane forms "blebs".<br>
4. Chromatin condenses and the nuclear envelope breaks. DNA breaks into fragments.<br>
5. The cell breaks down into vesicles, taken up by phagocytosis.

Apoptosis is the normal end of a cell's life. At any point in time, there may be too many cells in one area, and the DNA
coding for apoptosis will activate in some of those cells and they will die safely. This is important to the overall functioning of the organism. If, for example, the making of liver cells were to speed up and they never died, the liver would no longer function properly. The liver cells would eventually take over the organism's body. Apoptosis takes place by the help of lysosomes. Lysosomes rupture when the cell is old or damaged, this lets out digestive enzymes all over the cell and digests it, therefore killing the cell.

Cancerous cells do not undergo apoptosis, which is why they are such a problem. They continuously multiply until the host organ or the organism's body cannot function anymore. This occurs because the apoptosis coding has mutated and so has other coding. This causes rapid mitotic division of the unwanted cells. This is a cancerous growth.

The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2002 was awarded jointly to Sydney Brenner, H. Robert Horvitz and John E. Sulston "for their discoveries concerning genetic regulation of organ development and programmed cell death'." Sydney Brenner, Sir John Sulston and Robert Horvitz received the Nobel Prize for their work on the genome and cells of the roundworm "Caenorhabditis elegans". C. elegans was the first animal to have its complete genome sequenced.


Phagocyte

Phagocytes are the white blood cells that protect the body by eating (phagocytosing) bacteria and dead or dying cells. They are important for fighting infections. They are also important for becoming immune. Phagocytes are present in all animals and are very complex in vertebrates. One liter of human blood has about six billion phagocytes.

Their name comes from the Greek "phagein", 'to eat or devour ', and "kutos", 'hollow vessel'. Phagocytes were first seen in 1882 by Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov. Phagocytes can be found in many animals. Macrophages move like amoebae, and are probably an ancient type of cell.

Phagocytes of humans and other animals are called professional or non-professional, depending on how good they are at phagocytosis. The professional phagocytes are neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages, dendritic cells, and mast cells. The reason they are called professional phagocytes is because they have receptors on their surfaces which can detect harmful objects, such as bacteria. Phagocytes are very important in fighting infections and in getting rid of dead and dying cells.

When there is an infection, phagocytes move to the bacteria by sensing chemicals. These chemicals may come from bacteria or from other phagocytes that are already there. The phagocytes move by a way called chemotaxis. When bacteria touch a phagocyte, they bind to the receptors on the phagocyte and are eaten (phagocytosed). When bacteria enter some phagocytes, the phagocytes use oxidants and nitric oxide to kill the pathogen. After phagocytosis, macrophages and dendritic cells can also do 'antigen presentation': this is when the phagocyte moves parts of the killed bacteria back to its surface. These parts are then shown to other cells of the immune system. Some phagocytes then move to the body's lymph nodes and show the bacterial parts to white blood cells called lymphocytes. This action is important in getting immunity.

Many bacteria have ways to not be eaten or killed by phagocytes. They may avoid contact by

FM Static

FM Static is a Pop punk band that makes albums with "Tooth & Nail Records". The band was started by Thousand Foot Krutch (another band) lead man Trevor McNevan and Thousand Foot Krutch drummer Steve Augustine. In 2003, they made their first album called ("What Are You Waiting For?"). This album has sold over 60,000 copies so far and had the singles ""Definitely Maybe"" and ""Crazy Mary"". On August 1, 2006, FM Static started selling their second album called "Critically Ashamed", which has the single ""Waste of Time"" on it. Their third album was announced in late April 2008. The two piece finished recording "Dear Diary" in early August 2008. It was released on April 7, 2009. 

FM Static won the "Best Website Ever Made" award from the "Webgrammys", and they have been nominated for the "GMA Canada" "Covenant Awards".







Wadi

A Wadi is usually a valley, sometimes the bed of a river. The river that is part of the wadi only has water after heavy rain. Staying in a wadi can be a danger to life. This is because the water in a wadi can rise very quickly. Canyon is another name for it, used in other countries. 

Noble gas compound

A noble gas compound is a chemical compound that has an element from Group 18 of the periodic table in it. Group 18 (previously called Group 0) contains all the noble gases. 

For a long time, scientists thought that noble gases could not form compounds because their valence electron shell had no space for more electrons. This means that they could not accept any more electrons, which made bonding impossible. However, in 1933, Linus Pauling said that heavy noble gases could react with fluorine or oxygen, as they are the most electronegative atoms. His prediction was correct, and xenon hexafluoride (XeF) was later discovered. Many more noble gas compounds have been found since then.

Oxidizing Helium or Neon takes a lot of energy. No chemical substance is known to have enough power to oxidize Helium or Neon. Two Helium compounds have been predicted; they would need a very high pressure to be stable. 

Noble gases can also make endohedral fullerene compounds when the noble gas atom is pushed inside a fullerene molecule. In 1993, it was discovered that when C is put under pressure of about 3 bar of Helium or Neon, He@C and Ne@C are made. Only about one out of every 650,000 C were found with a helium atom. But with more pressures (about 3000 bar), it is possible to get as much as 0.1%. Endohedral molecules with argon, krypton and xenon have also been made, as well as other compounds of He@C.

Vector graphics editor

A vector graphics editor is a computer program that lets users make and change vector graphics images and save them in one of many popular vector graphics formats such as EPS, PDF, WMF, SVG or VML.



What Are You Waiting For?

What Are You Waiting For? is the debut album from FM Static, a Canadian pop punk band. It was released in the summer of 2003 although there was a TFK record the same year.

Although not a bestseller or anything really great, "What Are You Waiting For?" did manage to sell around 60,000 copies in three and a half years. Remember, FM Static are only a side project.


Negev

The Negev or Naqab is the southern region of Israel/Palestine. It is a desert that covers about 60% of the current state of Israel. Only about 10% of the people that live in Israel live there. The Negev has borders with Egypt and the Gaza Strip to the west, the Arabah in the Great Rift Valley in the east, and a line connecting Gaza city to Ein Gedi near the Dead Sea to the north. Beersheba and Eilat are the main cities of the Negev.

The Negev has a UNESCO World Heritage site. The Negev incense route was a trade route in the Negev. It connected Arabia to the Mediterranean in the Hellenistic-Roman period. The trade led to the development of ancient towns, forts and caravanserai en route, and agricultural development. It was proclaimed as of outstanding universal value by UNESCO in 2005.


Alfred Eisenstaedt

Alfred Eisenstaedt (6 December 1898 – 24 August 1995) was a German photographer and photojournalist. He is renowned for his candid photographs, frequently made using a 35mm Leica M3 rangefinder camera. He is best remembered for his photograph capturing the celebration of V-J Day in Times Square.

Petrochemical

A petrochemical is a chemical product that is made from petroleum, natural gas or other hydrocarbons.

Some petrochemicals include alcohol, antiseptics, artificial rubber, detergents, drugs, explosives, food additives, insecticides, perfume, plastic, and textile fiber.



Electronegativity

Electronegativity, symbol χ, is a chemical property that says how well an atom can attract electrons towards itself. The electronegativity of an atom is influenced by the atom's atomic number and the distance between the atom's valence electrons (the outermost electrons that take part in chemical bonding) and its nucleus. It was first theorised by Linus Pauling in 1932 as part of his valence bond theory, and is related to other chemical properties. Generally, electronegativity increases from the bottom-left to the upper-right of the periodic table; this is known as a periodic trend.

There are many ways to calculate the electronegativity of an atom. The most common way of calculation is the one suggested by Linus Pauling, and it gives the relative Pauling scale. This scale gives elements dimensionless quantities (values) between 0.7 and 3.98, with hydrogen being at 2.20.

The opposite of electronegativity is electropositivity; the measure of how well an atom gives away electrons.

Pauling suggested the idea of electronegativity in 1932 to explain why the strength of a covalent bond between two different atoms (A-B) is stronger than the average of the strengths of the covalent bonds A-A and B-B. His valence bond theory said that this stronger bond between different atoms is caused by the ionic effects to the bonding.

The difference between the electronegativity of atom A and atom B is

where the dissociation energies (that is, the energy needed to break the bond between the atoms), "E", of A-B, A-A and B-B bonds are given in electronvolts, and the factor (eV) is added to make sure the final answer has no unit. With the above formula, we can calculate the difference in elecronegativity between hydrogen and bromine to be 0.73. (dissociation energies: H-Br, 3.79 eV; H-H, 4.52 eV; Br-Br, 2.00 eV)

The above equation only calculates the difference in electronegativity between two elements. To make a scale from the equation, a reference point has to be chosen. Hydrogen was chosen as a reference point because it bonds covalently with many elements. Hydrogen's electronegativity was first fixed at 2.1, but was later changed to 2.20. Another thing that need to be known to make an electronegativity scale is which element is more electronegative than the reference point, which is hydrogen. This is often done with the so-called "chemical intuition": in the above example, hydrogen bromide (H-Br) dissolves in water and breaks into H cation and Br anion. So, it can be assumed that bromine is more electronegative than hydrogen.

To calculate Pauling electronegativity for an element, the data on the dissociation energies of at least two types of covalent bonds created by the element is needed. In 1961, A. L. Allred improved Pauling's original data to include the thermodynamic data that is much more available. These "revised Pauling" electronegativity values are used more often.

Electropositivity is a measure of an element's ability to donate electrons, and form positive ions.

Mainly, this is an attribute of metals. The alkali metals have a single electron in their outer shell and it is easily lost. These metals have low ionization energies.

Linus Pauling

Linus Carl Pauling (February 28, 1901 – August 19, 1994) was an American scientist, peace activist, author and educator. He was one of the most important chemists in history.

Pauling was one of the first scientists to work in quantum chemistry, molecular biology and orthomolecular medicine. He is one of a small group of people to have been given more than one Nobel Prize. He is one of only two people to receive them in different fields (the other person was Marie Curie) and the only person in that group to have been awarded each of his prizes without having to share it with another winner. 

Pauling was born and grew-up in Oregon, USA. He went to Oregon Agricultural College and graduated in 1922 with a degree in chemical engineering. Pauling then went to the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where he received his Ph. D in physical chemistry and mathematical physics in 1925. Two years later, he became an assistant professor at Caltech, and he completed his academic career there after many decades on the faculty. He was a Unitarian.

In 1932, Pauling came up with the idea of electronegativity and made a scale that would help predict the chemical bonding. Pauling kept doing this work while he also did work on the structure of the atomic nucleus. 

In 1954, Pauling was given the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for work that he did on the structure of DNA. This work led scientists in the UK to come up with the double helix of DNA. 

During the Second World War, Pauling worked on military research and development. But, after the war had ended he became worried about the making and future use of atomic weapons and with the destruction forced on the world by war. Ava Helen Pauling, Linus's wife, was a pacifist and in time he came to share her beliefs. Pauling then began to talk about his worries with the effects of nuclear fallout and in 1962, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work against above ground nuclear testing.

Pauling was also an author and a teacher. His first book, "The Nature of the Chemical Bond" (1939), is still used today. his introductory textbook, "General Chemistry" (1949). Later in life, he became an advocate for greatly increased consumption of vitamin C and other nutrients. He generalized his ideas to define orthomolecular medicine, which is still regarded as unorthodox by conventional medicine. He popularized his concepts, analyses, research and insights in several successful but controversial books, such as "How to Live Longer and Feel Better" in 1986.

Pauling died of prostate cancer on August 19, 1994, at 7:20 PM at home in Big Sur, California. He was 93 years old. A grave marker for him is in Oswego Pioneer Cemetery in Lake Oswego, Oregon.

Pauling received numerous awards and honors during his career. Following are awards and honors he has received.

Strabo

Strabo (; 63/64 BC – ca. AD 24) was a Greek historian, geographer and philosopher.

Strabo was born in a rich family from Pontus which had become part of the Roman Empire a short time before. His mother was Georgian. He studied under several geographers and philosophers. Later he made long travels to Egypt and Kush, among others. It is not known when his "Geography" was written, though comments within the work itself place the finished version within the reign of Emperor Tiberius.

Strabo's "History" is nearly completely lost. Although Strabo quotes it himself, and other classical authors mention that it existed, the only surviving document is a fragment of papyrus now in possession of the University of Milan (renumbered <nowiki>[</nowiki>Papyrus<nowiki>]</nowiki> 46).

Several different dates have been proposed for Strabo's death, but most of them place it shortly after 23.

Strabo is mostly famous for his 17-volume work "Geographica", which presented a descriptive history of people and places from different regions of the world known to his era. It is an important source of information on the ancient world.



Chris Waddle

Christopher Roland Waddle (born 14 December 1960) is a former football player. He has played for the England national team.

Marseille

Tottenham Hotspur

Sheffield Wednesday

Individual

Ray Ozzie

Ray Ozzie (born November 20, 1955) is an American computer programmer. He was the "Chief Software Architect" (the person in charge of programming) at Microsoft.

Ian Ure

Ian Ure (born 7 December 1939) is a former football player. He has played for Scotland national team.

110||0
215||3
325||3

!Total||11||0

Skating rink

A skating rink may refer to:

Identity theft

Identity theft is a type of fraud that involves using personal details belonging to the victim. This may be a passport, social security card, student pass, credit card etc. A person who has his or her identity stolen can end up owing money when the thief spends the person's money or uses the person's credit.

Identity theft is a serious crime that affects thousands of people. Globally around 40% of the people have been targets of an identity theft crime at least once. With the pace of development in the online or the digital landscape, identity theft is becoming more sophisticated each day. As per statistics, there were 4.54 billion internet users in 2020 which is 59% of the world’s population. On average, there is a 7% rise in internet penetration annually. Meanwhile, there is a remarkable rise in online shopping, social media, and app usage. Accordingly, on average, people spend nearly 7 hours on the internet. With a wide online presence, identity theft has become inevitable in modern society. Out of all the countries, the USA has consistently topped the list with 16.7 million Identity theft victims reported in 2017 accounting for an overall loss estimated at more than USD 17 billion.

Since there is a marked rise in identity theft every year, people should be more vigilant about the potential theft of their personal and financial information. Accordingly, it is highly advisable to safeguard one’s login credentials, create strong passwords and keep the virus guards up to date. It is prudent to constantly monitor your bank accounts for any dubious transactions. Besides, special caution needs to be taken when disposing of financial statements, receipts, and credit card bills.

Five of The Most Common Types of identity theft:


Sensor

A sensor is a device that measures a physical quantity and converts it into a 'signal' which can be read by an observer or by an instrument. For example, a mercury thermometer converts the measured temperature into the expansion and contraction of a liquid which can be read on a calibrated glass tube. Video cameras and a digital cameras have an image sensor.

There are many different types of sensors. Some are used in everyday objects, and some are separate.

A sensor that detects temperature. Thermal sensors are in many laptops and computers in order to sound an alarm when a certain temperature has been exceeded.

An electronic device used to measure a physical quantity such as pressure or loudness and convert it into an electronic signal of some kind (e.g. a voltage).

An electromagnetic sensor is anything that can detect things like photons, electrons, magnetic fields etc. It can be as simple as a white wall, a sheet of white paper, etc., or as new as a charge-coupled device. When a laser is aimed at a detection screen, a bright spot can be seen on the screen, or when an electron hits the phosphors on another kind of screen, it makes that screen glow.


A motion sensor detects physical movement in a given area.


Victory

Victory is winning an argument, war or test. Many songs have been made called "victory songs". Victory often comes with a lot of emotion. Victory is usually celebrated after winning, although there are many times not to, like after a war. The term comes from the culture of ancient Rome, when it meant winning a war.

In terms of human emotion, being victorious usually brings strong feelings of gladness, and in human behaviour often has movements and victory poses.
Victory dances and victory cries are quite similar to war dances and war cries that are done before the violence.


Illegal immigration

Illegal immigration is the migration of people into a country in violation of the immigration laws of that country or the continued residence without the legal right to live in that country. An illegal immigrant is an immigrant who lives in a country without permission or in a way that is not allowed, or illegal. Millions of people around the world live in another country against the laws of that country. 

Many of these people migrate to a country in secret. Many others come to the country legally as a visitor, then stay in the country when they should legally going home. Some work illegally and live in bad conditions. They usually move for similar reasons as other immigrants, but they do not legally have the right to be there.

Thousands of immigrants illegally enter the United States each year, many crossing the Mexican border. In general, they are opposed by the Republican Party, which generally wishes to deport them, while in general Democrats want to help give illegal immigrants legal status. In 2016, Donald Trump ran on a bid to build a wall on the Mexican-American border to prevent further illegal immigration. He became president in 2017, but the building of the border barrier was halted in 2021 when Joe Biden replaced Trump as president. 

Francisco Castro

Francisco Castro (born 4 September, 1990) is a football player.



Stuart Murdoch

Stuart Murdoch is a former football manager.

Chris Cornell

Chris Cornell (Christopher John Boyle; July 20, 1964 – May 17, 2017) was an American singer. He is best known as the singer in the grunge band Soundgarden.
He started the band in 1984 with lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. Cornell is regarded as one of the greatest vocalists in rock history.

He released his debut album in September 1999, "Euphoria Morning". Later, in 2001, he began the supergroup Audioslave with the former members of Rage Against the Machine. Cornell recorded three albums as Audioslave's singer until the band's breakup in early 2007. His second solo album "Carry On" was released to mixed commercial success in June 2007.

Cornell was also a co-singer singer in a band, Temple of the Dog, with Eddie Vedder, that was formed as a tribute to a musician, Andrew Wood, who had died.

Cornell was found dead at his Detroit, Michigan hotel room shortly after performing at a concert on May 17, 2017 at the age of 52. The cause of death was determined to be suicide by hanging.

Cornell was born in Seattle to Ed Boyle and Karen Cornell. He is of English, French, German, Irish, Manx, Northern Irish, Norwegian, Scottish, Swiss, and Welsh. Cornell was first married to Susan Silver, the manager of Alice in Chains and Soundgarden. They had a daughter, Lillian Jean, in June 2000. He and Silver divorced in 2004. In December 2008, Cornell said that he had finally won back his collection of 15 guitars after a four-year court battle with Silver.

He then married Vicky Karayiannis. She is an American publicist of Greek heritage. She gave birth to his second daughter, Toni, in September 2004, and his third child, Christopher Nicholas, in December 2005. Cornell converted to the Greek Orthodox Church because of her faith in the church.

Curse tablet

A curse tablet or binding spell ("defixio" in Latin, κατάδεσμος "katadesmos" in Greek) is a type of curse. It could be found in Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. Curse tablets were used to influence other people. Often the gods were asked to influence someone else, or to do harm to them. This would involve magic.

Usually, texts were scratched on very thin sheets of lead using small writing. These sheets would then be rolled up, folded, or pierced with nails.They would then be put under ground, placed in graves, or thrown into wells, pools or lakes. Sometimes they were put on temple walls. Like an analogy the treatment done to the material should also be done to the target of the spell. 

Some of the tablets contained love spells. If they were used this way, they had to be placed in the home of the desired person, so that the spell could work. 

About 1600 tablets have been found. About 600 of them were in Greece. 

Some of the spells were discovered together with small figures, which have falsely been described as voodoo dolls. The dolls or figurines were sometimes also pierced with nails. The figurines looked like the target and often had both their feet and hands bound. Not all curse tablets were made with lead. Curses were also written on papyrus, wax, wood or other perishable materials, but these are less likely to survive.

The texts on curse tablets are typically addressed to gods such as Hermes, Charon, Hecate, and Persephone. Sometimes a dead person (probably the corpse in whose grave the tablet was placed) had to mediate. Some texts do not invoke the gods, but merely list the targets of the curse, the crimes or conditions when the curse is valid, and/or the intended ill to befall them. Some tablets are inscribed with nothing more than the names of the targets. An oral spell may have accompanied the making of the curse.

The text on the tablets is not always curses. Sometimes tablets were used to help the dead. Those whose grave sites these were placed at usually died very young or in a violent manner. The tablet was to help lay their souls to rest in spite of their untimely deaths. The language of those texts that do give context is often concerned with justice. It may list the target's crimes in great detail, handing over responsibility for their punishment to the gods, using indefinite grammar ("whoever committed this crime"), or conditional ("if he is guilty"), or even future conditional ("if he ever breaks his word").. Frequently, such curse tablets are also inscribed with additional, otherwise meaningless "curse" words such as Bazagra, Bescu, or Berebescu, seemingly in order to lend them a kind of supernatural efficacy.

Many of those discovered at Athens refer to court cases and curse the opposing litigant, asking ("May he...") that he botch his performance in court, forget his words, become dizzy and so forth. Others have erotic binding-spells, spells ranged against thieves, and business and sporting rivals. Those curse tablets targeted at thieves or other criminals may have been more public, more acceptable. Some scholars do not use the word "curse" of such "positive" texts, preferring expressions such as "judicial prayers".

About 130 curse tablets have been found at "Aquae Sulis" (now Bath in England), where many of the curses related to thefts of clothes whilst the victim was bathing. Over 80 more have been discovered in and about the remains of a temple to Mercury nearby, at West Hill, Uley, making south-western Britain one of the major centres for finds of Latin "defixiones".

In Ancient Egypt, so-called "Execration Texts" appear around the time of the 12th Dynasty, listing the names of enemies written on clay figurines or pottery which were then smashed and buried beneath a building under construction (so that they were symbolically "smothered"), or in a cemetery.


Kim Thayil

Kim Thayil (born September 4, 1960 in Seattle, Washington) best known as the lead guitarist in Soundgarden.

Matt Cameron

Matthew David Cameron (born November 28, 1962 in San Diego, California) is an American drummer best known as the drummer in Soundgarden and Pearl Jam.

In September 1986, Matt Cameron had become so popular in the local Seattle music scene that he was chosen to play for Soundgarden. He replaced drummer Scott Sundquist. Cornell said, "When I first met Matt, he was already the best drummer in town...He just seemed very confident and well-adjusted."

He also worked briefly with The Smashing Pumpkins. In 1998, he played drums for Pearl Jam's Yield Tour. Later he joined the band as a permanent member.

Ben Shepherd

Ben Shepherd (born Hunter Benedict Shepherd on September 20, 1968) is an American musician, best known as the bass player in the grunge band Soundgarden from 1990 until the band's 1997 break-up.

Ben Shepherd first auditioned for the role of bassist in Soundgarden in 1989, to replace Hiro Yamamoto, who had left the band. He was turned down because he could not play the songs well enough. But after Jason Everman was let go, Shepherd was then hired.

Chris Cornell said that Shepherd brought a "fresh and creative" approach to the "Badmotorfinger" recording sessions, All the band members said that his knowledge of music and writing skills would be a help to the band.

Before joining, Soundgarden had been Shepherd's favorite band.

A-Sides

A-Sides is a best-of album by Soundgarden with songs spanning the band's thirteen-year career. It was released on November 4, 1997 through A&M Records.

All songs written by Chris Cornell, except where noted:

Greatest hits album

A greatest hits album (sometimes referred to as a "best of" album) is a compilation album of successful, previously released songs by a particular music artist or band. To increase the appeal of the album – especially to people who already own the previously released material – it is common to include remixes or alternate takes of popular songs or new material, with new songs often being released as singles (and themselves sometimes becoming successful).

Down on the Upside

Down on the Upside is the fifth and final studio album by Soundgarden.


Alternative metal

Alternative metal is a type of heavy metal in the alternative music genre. Alternative metal became popular during the 1990s.

Characteristics of alternative metal music are heavy guitar riffs, syncopation, uncommon time signatures, and unusual techniques. Alternative metal is like regular heavy music, but it can be more experimental. This is what makes it "alternative".

Popular alternative metal bands are Jane's Addiction, Faith No More, Primus, Helmet, Alice in Chains, Nine Inch Nails, Tool, Rage Against the Machine and System of a Down.


Halloween (franchise)

The Halloween movie series are a series of horror movies created by Moustapha Akkad in 1978. The series is about Michael Myers, who was committed to a sanitarium as a child for killing of his older sister, Judith Myers. Fifteen years later, he escapes to continue his killing spree. Dr. Loomis is a psychiatrists who helps all of Michael's victims to escape death from Myers. Only Dr. Loomis and Michael Myers appear in all movies except "".

Some novels were written about each movies, many of them were written by Dennis Etchison.


Turkish diaspora

The Turkish diaspora is a term used to describe the communities of Turkish people living outside of Turkey. There is an estimated 90 million Turkish people in total. There are 76 million Turkish people living in Turkey and large Turkish communities which have been established in Europe (particularly in Germany, France, and the Netherlands), as well as North America, and Australia.

Anemoi

In Greek mythology, the Anemoi ( – "winds") are the gods of the four winds — Boreas (the north wind), Notus (the south), Eurus (the east), and Zephryus (the west). They were the sons of Eos, goddess of the dawn, and Astraeus. They were each associated with a particular season and its weather conditions. In the form of horses they drew the chariot of Zeus.

Boreas (, "Boréas") was the god of the north wind, winter,ice, snow, storms, dragons, joy, happiness and entertaiment and bringer of cold winter air. He was married to the Athenian princess Orithyia, with whom he had two sons, Zethes and Calaïs, and one daughter, Khione, the goddess of snow. His Roman equivalent is Aquilo.

Zephyrus (, "Zéphyros"), sometimes known in English as just Zephyr, was the god of the west Wind, spring, Fertility and harvest who brought rain and early summer breezes. He was the gentlest of the winds, and the one most prominently featured in Greek myth. Favonius is his Roman equivalent.

Notus (, "Nótos") was the god of the south wind ,summer, fire, light and warmth. He brought late summer and autumn storms and was feared as a destroyer of crops. His Roman equivalent is Auster.

Eurus (, "Euros") was the god of the east wind, and was believed to be a bringer of bad luck. Vulturnus is his Roman counterpart. 

Boreas

Boreas (, "Boreus" - “North Wind”) is the Greek god of winter, the north wind, and storms in ancient Greek religion and mythology. He is known for bringing the cold season of winter into the world. His most famous story is about him abducting Oreithyia and making her his wife. He is also known for helping the Athenians against the Persians by sinking 400 Persian ships with his strong icy breath.

Boreas was said to have kidnapped Orithyia, an Athenian princess, from the Ilisos. Boreas had taken a fancy to Orithyia and had initially pleaded for her favours, hoping to persuade her. When this failed, he reverted to his usual temper and abducted her as she danced on the banks of the Ilisos. Boreas wrapped Orithyia up in a cloud, raped her, and with her, Boreas fathered two sons—the Boreads, Zethes and Calais, who were part of the crew of the Argo as Argonauts[5][6]—and two daughters—Chione, goddess of snow, and Cleopatra.

From then on, the Athenians saw Boreas as a relative by marriage. When Athens was threatened by Xerxes, the people prayed to Boreas, who was said to have then caused winds to sink 400 Persian ships. A cult was established in Athens in 480 B. C. E. in gratitude to the Boreas for destroying the approaching Persian fleet.[7] A similar event had occurred twelve years earlier, and Herodotus writes:[8]

Now I cannot say if this was really why the Persians were caught at anchor by the stormwind, but the Athenians are quite positive that, just as Boreas helped them before, so Boreas was responsible for what happened on this occasion also. And when they went home they built the god a shrine by the River Ilissus.
Two other cases of Boreas being honored by Greek states for similar assistance have been described, in Megalopolis (against Laconia) and in Thurii (against Syracuse). The latter case had Boreas being granted citizenship and a land plot.[9]

The abduction of Orithyia was popular in Athens before and after the Persian War, and was frequently depicted on vase paintings. In these paintings, Boreas was portrayed as a bearded man in a tunic, with shaggy hair that is sometimes frosted and spiked. The abduction was also dramatized in Aeschylus's lost play Oreithyia.

Hit (baseball)

In baseball, a hit is when a player (called the "batter" or "batsman") who is trying to hit the ball that is thrown (or "pitched") by the thrower (called the "pitcher") hits the ball in such a way as to let him move forward at least one base.

The pitcher throws the ball towards the batter standing at home plate "(or home base)", who tries to hit the ball and score a run. After the batter hits the ball he runs as fast as he can around the bases and tries to get to a base before he is called out by an umpire. If he gets to a base before he is called out he is safe and the next batter comes forward and tries to hit a ball from the pitcher. The old batter who is "on base" becomes a runner.


There are other kinds of hits, but these are the major ones. These hits can be made by many ways. For example; a single can come from a hit that travelled along the ground (called a "grounder") or that travelled in the air (a "fly ball"). A grounder can often be harder for the other team to stop than a fly ball. This is because when it moves along the ground it has more chance of hitting bumps and the glove or foot of the other teams player than it does if it moves in the air. There are also more ways in which hits can happen but these are the two major ways. 

A no-hitter is a baseball game in which the other team does not get any hits during the whole game. The winning pitcher who has stopped the losing team from getting a hit is said to have "thrown a no-hitter". Because of the skill of the players, a no-hitter does not happen very often.


Shutout (baseball)

A shutout is a baseball game where at least one team does not score any runs. This is not always the same as a no-hitter in which the team does not get any hits. 


Fried rice

Fried rice is a popular kind of rice in Chinese cuisine.

Uniform number (American football)

In American football, uniform numbers are special numbers added to jerseys or other types of clothing to tell players from each other. They are shown in more places on the uniform than in those of other sports.

Flag of Pakistan

The national flag of Pakistan was designed by Syed Amir uddin Kedwaii and was based on the original flag of the Muslim League. It was adopted by the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan on August 11, 1947, just days before independence. The flag is referred to in the national anthem as "" in Urdu (lit. Flag of the Crescent and Star). The flag comprises a dark green field, representing the Muslim majority of Pakistan, with a vertical white stripe in the hoist, that represents the Christians and other multi-faith communities of the country. In the centre is a white crescent moon, representing progress, and a white five-pointed star, representing light and knowledge.

<br>
<br>

Coat of arms of Pakistan

The State Emblem of Pakistan was adopted in 1954. The emblem's green colour and the star and crescent at the top are symbols of Islam, the most Pakistani citizens identify. In the center is a quartered shield, with each quarter containing a major crop of Pakistan at the time of its adoption: cotton, jute, tea, and wheat. The floral wreath around the shield is the Jasminum officinale (the National flower) represents the Mughal era cultural heritage of Pakistan. The scroll at the bottom contains the national motto in Urdu, coined by Muhammad Ali Jinnah, which reads from right to left: () "Iman, Ittehad, Nazm" translated as "Faith, Unity, Discipline". Pakistan is located in the Indus Valley region of Asia. The crescent moon is the same as the one on the flag of Pakistan, except the colours are inverted. It is also the religious sign or Symbol of the Muslim faith respectively.

The state/province emblem of Azad Jammu and Kashmir carries the crescent and star, mountains, and the maple leaf, which is reflective of the abundance of this tree within the state.


Qaumī Tarāna

The Qaumī Tarāna (, , "National Anthem") is the national anthem of Pakistan. At independence, on August 14, 1947, Pakistan did not have a national anthem. When the flag was hoisted at the independence ceremony it was accompanied by the song, ""Pakistan Zindabad, Azadi Paendabad"". The flag itself had only been approved by the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan three days earlier. The national anthem of Pakistan was written some time later by the Urdu poet Abu-Al-Asar Hafeez Jullundhri.



Gloydius himalayanus

Gloydius himalayanus (commonly known as the Himalayan Pit Viper) is a medium-sized gray-brown snake found in caverns and rocky crevices of forested hill sides, where it feeds on skinks and lizards. The scale pattern consists of medial dark brown blotches, alternating with lateral rows of spots.

It occurs along the southern slopes of the Himalayas from Kashmir to Nepal as far as Sikkim between 1500–3000 m altitude.

The Himalayan Pit Viper is a habitually sluggish snake that basks in sunlight and hibernates in winter.

Green sea turtle

The green turtle ("Chelonia mydas") is a large sea turtle belonging to the family Cheloniidae. It is the only species in its genus. It is one of the seven marine turtles, which are all endangered.

Although it might have some green on its carapace (shell), the green turtle is not green. It gets its name from the fact that its body fat is green. It can grow up to long and weigh up to . They are an endangered species, especially in Florida and the Pacific coast of Mexico. They can also be found in warm waters around the world and are found along the coast of 140 countries.

The female turtle lays eggs in nests she builds in the sand on the beaches. She uses the same beach that she was born on. During the nesting season in summer she can make up to five nests. She can lay as many as 135 eggs in a nest. The eggs take about two months to hatch. The baby turtles are about in length.

Green turtles are omnivorous when they are young, eating plants, algae, plankton and other small animals. As they get older, they become herbivorous, eating only plants such as sea grass. Their body fat is green from the chlorophyll of the plants they eat. The edges of their jaws have many points, like the edge of a saw. Their jaws can rip off pieces of plants and the turtles swallows the pieces whole.

The numbers of green turtles around the world has dropped by more than half over the last 150 years. The main reasons are hunting of turtles and the taking of their eggs. Many turtles are killed when they get caught in fishing nets. There is also a disease called fibropapillomatosis which is affecting them. This disease which causes tumors to grow on the turtle's face is probably caused by damage and pollution of their nesting beaches.

Hardella thurjii

The Brahminy River Turtle or Crowned River Turtle ("Hardella thurjii") is a species of turtle found in northern India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh (in the watersheds of the Ganges, Brahmaputra, and Indus rivers).

Hydrophis ornatus

Ornate Reef seasnake (Hydrophis ornatus) is a species of sea snake.

Soundgarden discography

The discography of Soundgarden, an American rock band, consists of six studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, seven extended plays, twenty-four singles and eighteen music videos.

This list does not include material recorded by Soundgarden band members with Skin Yard, Temple of the Dog, Pearl Jam, Hater, Wellwater Conspiracy, or Audioslave.

Soundgarden was formed in 1984 by vocalist Chris Cornell, guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. The band signed with the independent label Sub Pop and released the "Screaming Life" EP in 1987 and the "Fopp" EP in 1988. In 1988, the band signed with legendary punk record label SST Records and released its debut full-length album "Ultramega OK". The band subsequently signed with A&M Records, becoming the first grunge band to sign with a major label. In 1989, the band released its first album for a major label, "Louder Than Love".

In 1990, the band was joined by a new bass player, Ben Shepherd. They released "Badmotorfinger" in 1991. The album brought the band to a new level of commercial success, and Soundgarden found itself amidst the sudden popularity and attention being paid to the Seattle music scene. The band's next album was to be its breakthrough. "Superunknown", released in 1994, debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 and launched several successful singles, including "Spoonman" and "Black Hole Sun". In 1996, the band released its fifth studio album, "Down on the Upside"; while successful, the album could not emulate the precedent set by "Superunknown".

In 1997, the band broke up because they could no longer agree on how their music sounded. The members worked on other projects for more than ten years. Soundgarden got back together in 2010. Two years later, they released their sixth studio album, "King Animal".


Louder Than Love

Louder Than Love is the second full-length album by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on September 5, 1989 through A&M Records. After touring in support of its first full-length studio album, "Ultramega OK", released in 1988, the band signed with A&M and began work on its first album for a major label. The songs on the album featured a heavy rock sound with some songs featuring unusual or unorthodox time signatures.

Because of some of the song lyrics the band faced various retail and distribution problems upon the album's release, including the addition of a Parental Advisory sticker on the album packaging. "Louder Than Love" would become the band's first album to chart on the "Billboard" 200. The band supported the album with tours of North America and Europe. It was the last Soundgarden album to feature the band's original bassist, Hiro Yamamoto.

All songs written by Chris Cornell, except where noted:





Ultramega OK

Ultramega OK is the first album by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on October 31, 1988 through SST Records. Following the release of the EPs "Screaming Life", released in 1987, and "Fopp", released in 1988, for the Sub Pop record label, the band signed with the independent record label SST and went to work on its first full-length studio album.

The resulting album contained elements of psychedelic rock, classic rock, and hardcore punk. The band supported the album with a tour of the United States as well as its first overseas tour. In 1990, the album earned a Grammy Award nomination for Best Metal Performance.




List of Soundgarden band members

Soundgarden is an American rock band. They began in Seattle, Washington in 1984. They first had three members: singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto.

At first, Cornell, played the drums while singing. In 1985 the band chose Scott Sundquist to be drummer, so Cornell could just be the singer.

In 1986, Sundquist left the band to spend time with his wife and child. He was replaced by Matt Cameron, the drummer for Skin Yard, who became Soundgarden's permanent drummer.

Yamamoto left the band in 1989, after recording the latest album. He went back to college to finish his Master's degree in physical chemistry. He was replaced by former Nirvana guitarist Jason Everman. Everman was fired right after Soundgarden's tour to promote the "Louder Than Love" album. His only contribution for Soundgarden was the band's cover of The Beatles song "Come Together".

In 1990, the band was joined by a new bassist, Ben Shepherd. After this, Soundgarden's line-up would not change until their break-up. In 1996, the group became unhappy while recording "Down on the Upside". Thayil and Cornell seemed to not agree on a change from the heavy guitar riffs that had become the band's trademark. In 1997, the band broke up. They had not been getting along during the past half year.

In January 2010, Cornell announced that Soundgarden would be getting back together. Two years later, they released their sixth studio album, "King Animal".

Current members
Former members

Touring members

List of Soundgarden awards

Soundgarden was an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1984 by lead singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. Matt Cameron became the band's permanent drummer in 1986 and bassist Ben Shepherd replaced Yamamoto permanently in 1990. Soundgarden released its debut album, "Ultramega OK", in 1988 through SST Records. The album earned the band its first major award nomination, a Grammy Award, in 1990. In 1989, the band released its first album for a major label, "Louder Than Love". The band's third studio album, "Badmotorfinger", released in 1991, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1992.

Soundgarden released its follow-up and breakthrough album, "Superunknown", in 1994. The album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Album in 1995. Two singles from "Superunknown", "Black Hole Sun" and "Spoonman", won Grammy Awards, and the music video for "Black Hole Sun" won a MTV Video Music Award and a Clio Award. "Superunknown" was ranked number 336 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time, and "Black Hole Sun" was ranked number 25 on VH1's list of the 100 greatest songs of the '90s. The band released its fifth and final studio album, "Down on the Upside", in 1996. In 1997, Soundgarden received another Grammy nomination, for the lead single "Pretty Noose". Soundgarden officially broke up in 1997. The band was placed at number 14 on VH1's list of the 100 greatest artists of hard rock.

The Clio Awards are awarded annually. Soundgarden has received one award from one nomination.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Soundgarden has received two awards from eight nominations.

The MTV Video Music Awards are awarded annually by MTV. Soundgarden has received one award from one nomination.

James Milner

James Philip Milner (born 4 January 1986) is an English football player. He plays for Liverpool and the England national team.

Newcastle United

Aston Villa

Manchester City

Liverpool

England U21

Individual

Peter Osgood

Peter Leslie Osgood (20 February 1947 – 1 March 2006) was a former football player. He played four times for the England national team.

418||133
22||1
440||134

!Total||4||0

Trevor Francis

Trevor Francis (19 April 1954 – 24 July 2023) is a former football player. He has played for England national team.
Francis died of a heart attack at his home near Marbella, Spain, on 24 July 2023. He was 69.

Birmingham City

Detroit Express

Nottingham Forest

Sampdoria

Rangers

Sheffield Wednesday

Individual

Sheffield Wednesday

Birmingham City

Individual

Sub Pop

Sub Pop is an independent record label founded by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle, Washington in 1986.

SST Records

SST Records is an American independent record label formed in 1978 in Long Beach, California by musician Greg Ginn. The company was initially called Solid State Transmitters through which Ginn sold electronics equipment. Ginn repurposed the company as a record label to release material by his band Black Flag.

A&amp;M Records

A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group which operates through the Interscope-Geffen-A&M division. It was set up in 1962.

A&M Records was started by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss. They made 2 records under the name “Carnival Records.” Finding the name "Carnival" was already being used, they changed the name to "A&M", after their names, Alpert and Moss. From 1966 to 1999, the company's office was on the grounds of the historic Charlie Chaplin Studio at 1416 N. La Brea Avenue, near Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood.

In 1960s and 1970s, A&M was among the leading labels for ‘light’ pop music. Acts they recorded included:

In 1971 piano player Billy Preston who joined the label and brought success in R&B and funk music. The Carpenters are label's most successful act of the 1970s having sold more than 100 million albums worldwide.

At the end of the 1960s, A&M added British musicians to the label. These included:

In the 1970s, A&M made an agreement with Ode Records. They released albums for:

Other famous acts with A&M reords in the 1970s included: 

A&M records were first sold in the United Kingdom by EMI's Stateside Records label. It then sold records under the A&M name with Pye Records until 1967. A&M Records, Ltd. was started in 1970. A&M Records of Canada, Ltd. was also formed in 1970, and A&M Records of Europe in 1977.

In the 1970s, A&M saw potential in English punk music and on March 10, 1977 signed the Sex Pistols after the band had been dropped by EMI. However, A&M themselves sacked the band within a week.

Within 10 years of starting, A&M became the world's largest independent record company. In 1979, A&M made an agreement with RCA Records (which later became BMG) to distribute its records in the US, and with CBS Records in many other countries.

A&M's success continued in the 1980s with acts that included:

Over the years, A&M has a made its own special labels: 

Skin Yard

Skin Yard was a rock band from Seattle, Washington, who were active from 1985 to 1992. The group never gained any mainstream audience, but were an influence on their contemporaries – most notably Soundgarden, The Melvins, and Green River – alongside whom they are considered the early pioneers of the sound that would later be called grunge.

Hater (band)

Hater was an American rock band from the 1990s, a side project mostly under the direction of Soundgarden bassist Ben Shepherd. Additional members included Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron, John McBain (ex-Monster Magnet and, later, partner of Cameron and Shepherd in Wellwater Conspiracy), bassist John Waterman for the title album, Alan Davis on bass for The 2nd, and Brian Wood, brother of Mother Love Bone vocalist Andrew Wood.

The band released two albums of their brand of Stooges-tinged psychedelic garage rock: their self-titled debut in 1993, and their follow-up, "The 2nd", which was recorded in 1995 but released in 2005.

The band also contributed a song for the 1995 compilation album "" called "Convicted", which does not appear on either album. The musicians for the track were Shepherd, McBain, Davis, & Cameron (the same lineup for "The 2nd").

Wellwater Conspiracy

Wellwater Conspiracy was a rock band featuring Matt Cameron and John McBain. The band originally featured ex-Soundgarden bassist Ben Shepherd, who left the band in 1998.

Temple of the Dog

Temple of the Dog was an American rock band that was formed in 1990 by Chris Cornell of Soundgarden. He started the band as a tribute to his friend, Andrew Wood. Wood died on March 19, 1990 of a heroin overdose, the day Cornell got back from a tour.

Before he died, Andrew had been the lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone.

Members of the band included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar, Jeff Ament on bass guitar (both ex-members of Mother Love Bone), Mike McCready on lead guitar, Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder, providing backing vocals.

The band only released one album, which was also named "Temple of the Dog". The album was released in 1991 and had two hit songs, "Say Hello 2 Heaven" and "Hunger Strike". Cornell sang the lead vocals on "Say Hello 2 Heaven" and Vedder sang the lead vocals on "Hunger Strike".

Bruce Pavitt

Bruce Pavitt (born March 7, 1959) is the Chicago-born founder of record label Sub Pop.

Pavitt started a fanzine entitled "Subterranean Pop" in Olympia, Washington in 1980, about American independent rock bands. A total of three cassette compilations were released through the fanzine. In 1983 Pavitt moved to Seattle and started a record store, Fallout, as well as write a Sub Pop column for The Rocket, and host an independent-label specialty show on KCMU. The year 1986 saw the release of Sub Pop's (the "-terranean" was dropped earlier from the name) first LP: the "Sub Pop 100". Green River's "Dry As a Bone" EP followed in 1987.

Pavitt first met Jonathan Poneman in 1986, when Poneman invited Pavitt for an on-air interview on KCMU, to promote Sub Pop 100. In 1987, Kim Thayil of Soundgarden, said that the two should join forces. Pavitt and Thayil had attended Rich East High School in Park Forest, Illinois together in the mid-1970s. Subsequently, Soundgarden's "Screaming Life" EP was released and the grunge phenomenon quickly followed.

In 1996, Bruce Pavitt resigned from Sub Pop to raise a family.



A Sound Garden

A Sound Garden is a public art work on NOAA property adjacent to Magnuson Park in Seattle, Washington. It was created in 1982 by Doug Hollis. It is constructed with a number of metal tubes on weathervane-like apparatus that catch the wind and moan eerily.

The Seattle grunge band Soundgarden took their name from this art work.

Since 9/11, the facility, including the art installation, is on restricted access under threat level Yellow. Visitors may check in with the guards and walk onto the facility, but their vehicles are not allowed. Photo identification is required in order to view the Sound Garden and access to the "Art Walk".

Fopp (EP)

Fopp is the second EP by the grunge band Soundgarden, released in August 1988 on Sub Pop Records. In 1990 it was combined with the band's first EP "Screaming Life" (1987) and released as "Screaming Life/Fopp".




Screaming Life

Screaming Life is the debut EP by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden, released in October 1987 on Sub Pop Records. "Screaming Life" was later combined with the band's next EP, "Fopp" (1988) and released as "Screaming Life/Fopp" in 1990.

The EP was recorded in 1987 in Seattle's Reciprocal Studios with producer Jack Endino, who also produced albums for Nirvana and Mudhoney.

Drummer Matt Cameron described the sound on the EP as "pretty raw." "Hunted Down", Soundgarden's first single, is representative of the early "grunge" sound — with its dirty guitar, dissonant atmosphere and lyrics concerning entrapment and escape. "Nothing to Say" features drop D tuning, which would become a signature of Soundgarden's sound on later albums. Guitarist Kim Thayil said he learned about the tuning from the Melvins's Buzz Osborne. The original version of "Tears to Forget" appeared on the 1985 "Deep Six" compilation album, which featured some of the first recordings by the earliest Seattle grunge bands, including Soundgarden. That version was recorded with drummer Scott Sundquist, but the version on "Screaming Life" was recorded with Cameron.

Some time prior to recording, producer Jack Endino found old rolls of quarter-inch tape at a garage sale, and some contained recordings of a Christian preacher giving sermons in the early 1950s. Soundgarden vocalist Chris Cornell had the idea to have the preacher's voice on "Hand of God". The recording was synched with the eight-track machine, copied to an empty track and by coincidence (or because, as Endino says, "God smiled upon us") the tape rolls matched perfectly with the song. Cornell also added his own sarcastic preacher-style vocals, with the lines "let it be known today that if you've got two hands you're supposed to pray!". However, according to Endino, the labels on the rolls of tape were near-illegible and thus the name of the preacher remains unknown.

Cornell said that the EP was met with rave reviews and that "everybody loved it." "Hunted Down" was Soundgarden's first single and also the first song on Sub Pop's "hold music" tape. According to Thayil, "you would call them up, and when they put you on hold you heard 'Hunted Down'". It was the only single released from the EP. "Nothing to Say" was Soundgarden's first B-side. It was released on the "Hunted Down" single. The song also appeared on the KCMU compilation tape "Bands That Will Make Money", which was distributed to record companies. Upon hearing the song, record labels began contacting the band, which eventually led to the band signing with A&M Records.

The cover of "Screaming Life" was taken by grunge photographer Charles Peterson, and features Cornell singing and Thayil playing guitar in the background. The album cover was an attempt by Sub Pop to capitalize on Cornell's image. The first 500<nowiki> </nowiki>copies of the EP were pressed on orange vinyl; after that, they were released on standard black vinyl.

The title of the EP inspired the title of a book of photography by Peterson, named "Screaming Life: A Chronicle of the Seattle Music Scene". Published in 1995, it is composed mainly of live photos taken by Peterson from the mid 1980s though the mid 1990s. Many of Peterson's photographs were used as album artwork for grunge bands. The book is accompanied by a CD, with 9 songs selected by Peterson from bands of the era – Soundgarden's "Entering" is one of these songs.

All songs written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil, except where noted:



Loudest Love

Loudest Love is an EP by the grunge band Soundgarden. It was released in October 1990 through A&M Records.

The EP was first released in Japan, and later released in the United States. The track listing is the same as that for the "Loud Love" single, but with the addition of "Hands All Over", "Heretic" and "Come Together".




Screaming Life/Fopp

Screaming Life/Fopp is a compilation album by the grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on May 11, 1990 through Sub Pop Records.

The album combines the band's first two EPs: "Screaming Life" (1987) and "Fopp" (1988). It was released in 1990 (see 1990 in music) by Sub Pop. There are two cover songs on the album; "Swallow My Pride" is a Green River cover and "Fopp" is an Ohio Players cover.

All songs written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil, except where noted:




Louder Than Live

Louder Than Live is a home video released by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden. It has songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles, California on December 7, 1989 and December 10, 1989. It was released on May 22, 1990.

It features five live tracks filmed during the "Louder Than Love" tour. The live tracks are "Get on the Snake", "Gun", "I Awake", "Big Dumb Sex", and a medley of Spinal Tap's "Big Bottom" and Cheech & Chong's "Earache My Eye", with footage from both concerts mixed together. It also features footage of the band performing two songs in the studio. The studio clips are "Loud Love" and "Hands All Over". It is on this video that frontman Chris Cornell is seen wearing his infamous silver duct-tape shorts. The bassist for these performances was Jason Everman. "Louder Than Live" was released on VHS only, with no official DVD version available.

In addition to the home video, A&M released a promo 12" (on blue vinyl, July 1990) and CD (May 1990) with the same title, "Louder Than Live". The vinyl includes the 5 live tracks from the video in addition to "Beyond the Wheel". The center label features a close-up picture of guitarist Kim Thayil's face. The CD came wrapped in brown paper, duct-taped closed with a yellow and black sticker that reads "Soundgarden: "Louder Than Live"". In addition to the 6 other live tracks, it includes "Hunted Down". This album has been bootlegged on black vinyl; genuine copies can be distinguished by the A&M logo.

"Concert footage:"

"Studio clips:"



Motorvision

Motorvision is a home video released by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on November 17, 1992.

It features eight songs performed live at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, Washington on March 5, 1992 and March 6, 1992 during the "Badmotorfinger" tour. "Motorvision" was released on VHS only, with no official DVD version available.

The video features candid footage of the band and people associated with it, including Sub Pop co-founders Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman. Before the first song begins, the band is introduced on stage by a clown, J. P. Patches.




Songs from the Superunknown

Songs from the Superunknown is an EP by the grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on November 21, 1995 through A&M Records. It was released on the same day as the CD-ROM "Alive in the Superunknown".

The EP is the audio-only counterpart to "Alive in the Superunknown". "Jerry Garcia's Finger" is featured exclusively on "Songs from the Superunknown".

The CD-ROM "Alive in the Superunknown" contains the first four tracks from "Songs from the Superunknown" plus a multimedia portion featuring photos of the band, a video game, four music videos ("My Wave", "Fell on Black Days", "Black Hole Sun", and "The Day I Tried to Live"), and a live video of "Kickstand", among other things.

All songs written by Chris Cornell, except where noted:



Jason Everman

Jason Everman (born August 16, 1967 in Kodiak, Alaska) is an American guitarist who played with Nirvana and Soundgarden.

Everman joined Nirvana in February 1989 as a second guitarist. He is listed as being second guitarist on Nirvana's "Bleach", but did not actually play on any of the tracks. Nirvana founder Kurt Cobain said the credit was a token of thanks to Everman for paying a fee of US $606.17 to record the album. The cash was never repaid. Everman toured with Nirvana in summer of 1989 in support of "Bleach". During his time with Nirvana, he can sometimes be seen using Fender guitars, generally the Fender Telecaster. 

A two-song Nirvana session featuring Everman on guitar is available, albeit in separate releases. A Kiss cover called "Do You Love Me?" was released on a tribute album and "Dive" was released on 2004's "With the Lights Out". Both tracks were recorded at Evergreen State College's 24-track studio in June 1989.

Everman left Nirvana in July 1989 following a stressful tour and joined Soundgarden the following year as Hiro Yamamoto's temporary successor on bass. In April 1990, he played on the band's cover of The Beatles' "Come Together", which appeared on an EP called "Loudest Love". Everman appeared in Soundgarden's "Louder Than Live" home video. Later in 1990, Everman left the band and Soundgarden found Yamamoto's ultimate successor, bassist Ben Shepherd. 

The "Come Together" cover remains the only recorded Soundgarden material to feature Everman.

Everman's subsequent projects included a stint on guitar in Mind Funk. In September 1994, he left Mind Funk to join the Army 2nd Ranger Battalion and the Special Forces, serving tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. After his military service he appeared in the documentary "Lemmy", said he was a member of the Rangers and Special Forces and that "Motorhead is good go to war music." He also said that "war is a function of the human condition".

Hiro Yamamoto

Chris Cornell said about the recording of the album, "At the time Hiro had excommunicated himself from the band and there wasn't a free-flowing system as far as music went, so I ended up writing a lot of it." Yamamoto was becoming frustrated that he wasn't contributing much, and opted to go back to college. Cornell also said, "It seems an odd time to quit. We're doing real well. We've got a touring budget now. We don't haul amps or do such long van rides any more."

One year later, he started the independent rock band Truly with Screaming Trees drummer Mark Pickerel and Robert Roth from The Storybook Krooks.

Applied mathematics

Applied mathematics is a field of mathematics which uses mathematics to solve problems of other branches of science. The contrary notion is pure mathematics. There are many fields:



Scott Sundquist

Scott Sundquist (born March 7, 1951) is an American musician. He was a drummer for the grunge band Soundgarden between 1985 and 1986.

In 1985, Soundgarden was a recently formed three-piece band with Chris Cornell on vocals and drums, Kim Thayil on guitar, and Hiro Yamamoto on bass. The band chose Sundquist to be their drummer so Cornell could do the singing. They traveled around playing various gigs with this lineup for about a year. Then they recorded three songs for a C/Z Records compilation album of grunge music by Soundgarden and five other bands, which was called Deep Six and was released in March 1986. This album contains the only recorded Soundgarden material with Sundquist.

Sundquist, who prior to joining the band had been friends with Cornell, was asked to join the band so that Cornell could focus on singing. In 1986, Sundquist left the band to spend time with his family, He stayed friends with Cornell and Thayil after he left the band.

A-ha

a-ha are a Norwegian band who were formed in Oslo. They initially rose to fame during the 1980s, but have had continued success in the 1990s and 2000s. They split in 2010, but reunited 5 years later.



Professional baseball

Baseball is a team sport which is played by several professional leagues all over the world. In these leagues, players are selected for their talents and are paid to play for a team. One of the most popular professional baseball leagues is Major League Baseball, which has teams in the United States and Canada. Another league is Nippon Professional Baseball, which is in Japan. MLB baseball is spilt into two leagues, the National and the American league.


Anglicisation

Anglicisation or anglicization is the act of changing of spoken or written elements of another language into a form that can more easily be understood by an English speaker.

For instance, the Italian name of the city of Rome, the capital of Italy, is "". English speakers call it "Rome" to make it sound more English. Another example is the city of Moscow in Russia, which sounds like "Moskva" in Russian, though it is written much differently because Russian uses the Cyrillic alphabet (it is written in that language as ). Still, English speakers call the city "Moscow" because it is easier to say.

Most of these changes were made a few centuries ago. In some cases the original language was different to the modern one. Turin in the Piedmont province of Italy was called ' in Piedmontese, the native language of the region, but is now officially known as ' after its Italian name. The English and French name for Florence, also in Italy, is closer to the original name in Latin (') than is the modern Italian name of '.

Anglicization has both a political and cultural dimension. Most Welsh and Scottish Gaelic place names were once anglicized when they were under English rule. Now that they have their own local parliaments, they changed the official names back again. In Scotland, however, few people speak Gaelic, so in most places the English versions are almost always used. On the other hand, in Wales, where there are plenty of Welsh speaking people, all road signs need to be in both English and Welsh.

Offensive tackle

In American and Canadian football, offensive tackles (OT, T) are a part of the offensive line. As is other offensive linemen, their job is to block the players on the defense from getting to the offensive player who has the football.

Jeanne Rij-Rousseau

Jeanne Rij-Rousseau (10 June 1870 – 22 October 1956) was a French Cubist painter and an art theoretician.

Rij-Rousseau was born in Candé. From 1890 on, she lived in Paris and moved in an artistic circle with painters of the "Ile de la Grande Jatte" in Montmartre. She was a student of Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier. Sérusier's had ideas about the relationship of music and painting. She used these ideas to form the theory of vibrism, which is a combination of Synthetic Cubism of the pre-war period and Larionov and Goncharova's Rayonism.

Juan Gris was a close friend of hers. From 1911 on, Rij-Rousseau showed her works in Salon d'Automne, Salon des Indépendants and Salon Tuileries. In 1920, she was a member of the artist circle called Section d'Or. She often traveled to South France, especially to Céret, and also to Germany, Belgium and Switzerland. Her paintings were displayed in Zurich, Brussels, New York, and Boston.

In Aubusson and Beauvais' manufactories large-size tapestries designed by her were produced. In 1925, she was awarded a gold medal for one of them in the first Arts Décoratifs' exhibition.
Guillaume Apollinaire named her a "searcher", and her colour choices were admired by Florent Fels and André Salmon.

Also in 1925, Rij-Rousseau founded the Association of Modern-Age Female Painters. She exhibited with Suzanne Duchamp and Marie Laurencin, among others. Aside from Colette, Rij-Rousseau's biography was published in the book, "Führende Frauen Europas" by Elga Kern as a representative of French art.

Her fame did not last long, and in 1956 she died lonely, impoverished and forgotten in her great-niece's house in Savigny-sur-Braye. Her final exhibition in Château de Blois in 1959 attracted little notice, and the whereabouts of the 70 exhibited paintings are still unknown. Her estate has been scattered throughout the world. Paintings are trafficked in N.Y., Chicago, London, and Paris. Some works are in Parisan museums, in Blois, and in Grenoble, but especially in private collectors' homes.

Research on this painter of the French Modern Age is still in its beginnings.


Big Ten Conference football champions


"*" Chicago stopped its football program in 1939 and withdrew from the conference in 1946.<br>

Napalm Death

Napalm Death are a heavy metal band from Meriden, West Midlands, England. They play a very loud and angry kind of heavy metal called grindcore. Napalm death helped make grindcore. The band made the shortest song in the world, named "You Suffer". It is only 1.316 seconds long. Their first album, "Scum", caused a lot of change in the metal community. It had many songs that were about 20-60 seconds long.


Chuck Schuldiner

Charles Michael "Chuck" Schuldiner (May 13, 1967 – December 13, 2001) was an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. He was a key member of the death metal band, Death. The band were a major influence on other death metal bands. He is often called " 'the Father of Death metal' " He died of pneumonia in 2001 after having brain cancer. 

Randy Orton

Randall Keith "Randy" Orton (born April 1, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to the WWE.

In 1998, Orton decided to enlist with the United States Marine Corps. While he was at the base, he received a bad conduct discharge a year later after he went AWOL on two different occasions and disobeyed an order from a commanding officer. Orton was tried and convicted under a special court-martial and he spent 38 days in a military prison.

In November 2005, Orton announced that he was engaged to his girlfriend Samantha. They got married on 21 September 2007. In December 2007, Orton announced that his wife was pregnant, a daughter due on 15 July 2008. His daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, was born on 12 July 2008.

Orton broke his collarbone in a Last Man Standing match at the One Night Stand event in 2008 against Triple H, and hurt it again in a motorcycle accident.

Randy Orton debuted in a 2002 edition of Smackdown against Hardcore Holly. He won the match by rolling up him. In the WWE Draft he was then drafted to Raw. Randy Orton, along with Triple H, Batista and Ric Flair formed the group Evolution. Randy Orton won the World Heavyweight Title from Chris Benoit at Summerslam 2004, but the night after Randy Orton was kicked out of Evolution. At Unforgiven, he lost the World Heavyweight Title to Triple H in a No Disqualification match. At Wrestlemania 21, he was unsuccessful in defeating the Undertaker.

The next night on Raw, he stated that his match with the Undertaker had made a shoulder injury worse. When sidelined, he appeared on RAW and stated that he could not get drafted due to injury. He was informed by Vince McMahon that he was indeed eligible for the draft. He returned to Smackdown!. He started his feud with the Undertaker again defeating him at Summerslam in a Casket Match. The following 2 months, he was in the Elimination match at Survivor Series, getting the victory for Team Smackdown. At the event The Undertaker appeared from a flaming casket after Randy Orton "killed" him on an episode of Smackdown. The feud was finally finished in a Hell In A Cell match at Armageddon, where the Undertaker won.

After Armageddeon Randy Orton entered thirtieth and last in the Royal Rumble match. He was eliminated by Rey Mysterio who won the match. Randy Orton asked Mysterio to put his title shot on the line in a match at No Way Out. In the weeks before No Way Out Randy Orton made comments about Mysterios late friend, Eddie Guerrero who had recently died in November. Randy won at No Way Out therefore getting him the title shot. General Manager Thedore Long set up a Triple Threat match at Wrestlemania 22 between him, Mysterio and Kurt Angle. Mysterio pinned Angle and won the World Heavyweight Title.

On 23 July RAW it was announced that Orton would face Cena in a title match at Summerslam. Orton lost to Cena at Summerslam. The next night on RAW he demanded that the RAW GM William Regal give him a WWE Title rematch. At No Mercy Mr.McMahon awarded Orton the WWE Title as Cena was injured the previous week. However in the opening match Triple H defeated him for the title.

Later in the night Orton defeated Triple H in a Last Man Standing match to become a 2 time WWE Champion in 1 night. On 8 October RAW, Shawn Micheals returned and performed Sweet Chin Music on Orton. The 2 met in a title match at Cyber Sunday. In the match Orton gave Shawn Micheals a low blow and retained his title. At Survivor Series, they met in a rematch and the stipulation was that if Micheals hit Sweet Chin Music he would never get another title shot and if Orton got disqualified he would lose the tile. Orton preformed the RKO on Micheals and pinned him to defend the title.

He defeated Jeff Hardy to again retain the WWE Title at the Royal Rumble. John Cena returned and won the 2008 Royal Rumble. Instead of facing the champ at Wrestlemania Orton faced Cena for the title at No Way Out. Orton intententionally got himself disqualifed thus retained the title. At Wrestlemania 24 Orton faced John Cena and Triple H. He won the match. The next month at Backlash, Orton faced Triple H, John Cena and JBL in a Fatal 4 Way Elimination Match for the title. He was pinned by Triple H. After losing at Judgement Day Orton faced Triple H at One Night Stand and broke his collarbone.
Just before he made his return Orton reinjured himself in a motorcycle accident. At Unforgiven Orton, Cody Rhodes, Ted Dibiase and Manu cost World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk his title in a title match. He made his in ring return by losing to CM Punk by Disqualification when Ted Dibiase interfered. On 1 December episode of RAW he made an alliance with Cody Rhodes Ted DiBiase and Manu called Legacy He began 2009 by winning the 2009 Royal Rumble. At the 25th Anniversary of Wrestlemania Orton lost to Triple H in a title match. He punted each member of the McMahon family before beating Triple H in a 6 man tag team match for the title. He intentionally disqualified himself at Judgement Day to retain the WWE Title. At Extreme Rules he was beaten by Batista for the title. The next night on RAW Batista vacated the WWE Title due to an injury and Orton won it in the main event. He challenged John Cena to a title match and the stip was if he won he gets the title and if he loses he must quit RAW for good. He lost to John Cena in a I Quit Match at the Breaking Point pay per view. The next month at Hell In A Cell Orton defeated Cena in a Hell In A Cell match to win the title back. At Bragging Rights Orton and Cena were tied 5-5 in an Ironman match with only few seconds remaining. Suddenly John Cena locked Orton in the STFU and Orton tapped and lost the title.

On 11 January episode of RAW he won a Triple Threat Match with the help of Rhodes and DiBiase to get a Title shot at the Royal Rumble. At the Royal Rumble Rhodes disqualified Orton by interfering. Orton responded by attacking them. He got disqualified in a rematch. He won a spot in the Elimination Chamber. In that match Rhodes passed DiBiase a pipe and he hit Orton with it and eliminated him. At Wrestlemania XXVI he defeated Rhodes and Dibiase in a Triple Threat Match.

Orton was chosen to face Jack Swagger for the World Heavyweight Title in an Extreme Rules match. He lost. On the special RAW draft show Orton was in a Triple Threat match to determine the #1 contender to John Cena's title and his opponent at Over the Limit. Orton lost when Edge speared him. Orton and Edge fought to a double count out at Over the Limit. Orton was supposed to face Batista for a spot in the fatal 4 way match for the WWE Title at Fatal 4 Way PPV but Batista quit and Orton was automatically qualified. The season 1 NXT Rookies interfered in the Fatal 4 Way and cost Orton the match. At the Money In The Bank pay per view he was in the RAW money in the bank match but came up short. On RAW he won a chance to challenge Sheamus for the WWE Title at Summerslam. He lost to Edge on RAW. The next week he beat the Miz on RAW. At Night of Champions he won the WWE Championship after beating Sheamus, Wade Barrett, John Cena, Edge and Chris Jericho in a six pack challenge. At Hell in a Cell he retained the title to Sheamus.

Atonement

Atonement is an idea found in both Christianity and Judaism that describes how sin can be forgiven by God. In Judaism, this was done by rituals performed by the High Priest on the holiest day of the Jewish year: Yom Kippur (Day of Atonement). In Christian theology the atonement refers to the forgiving or pardoning of sins through the death of Jesus Christ.

Mark Henry

Mark Henry (born June 12, 1971) is an American professional wrestler, powerlifter, weightlifter, and strongman. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) where he works as a commentator, coach, and talent scout. Henry is also known for his time in the WWE, where he worked for 25 years.

Henry also competed at the Olympics in 1992 and 1996. He won a gold, silver, and bronze medal at the 1995 Pan American Games. Since 1995, Henry has held the record for squat, deadlift, and total, as the USAPL American record in deadlift. He won the Arnold Strongman Classic in 2002. He was inducted into the International Sports Hall of Fame in 2012.

During his time in the WWE, Henry was a one-time ECW Champion, one-time World Heavyweight Champion, and one-time European Champion. In 2018, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Big Show. He also had a gimmick in the WWE called the "Hall of Pain". Henry would beat wrestlers up and in some cases, crush their leg in a steel chair to induct them into the Hall of Pain.

On May 30, 2021, Henry made his debut for All Elite Wrestling at Double or Nothing. AEW hired him to be a coach and commentator for their "Rampage" show.


Cold War Kids

The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band. The members are Nathan Willett (lead vocalist, piano, guitar), Jonnie Russel (guitar, vocal, percussion), Matt Maust (bass guitar), and Matt Aveiro (drums). They met and formed the band in Long Beach, California, US.

They released their first album, "Robbers and Cowards", in 2006. Their second album, "Loyalty to Loyalty", was released in September 2008.





Of Mice and Men

Of Mice and Men is a novella (short novel) written by John Steinbeck. It was published in 1937. The story is a tragedy about two ranch workers called George Milton and Lennie Small. It takes place in the 1930s, in California, United States.

The book is based on Steinbeck's experiences of being a ranch worker. The title of the book is taken from a poem by Robert Burns called "To a Mouse". When the novella was published, it was very popular and it became a best seller. It was chosen by the Book-of-the-Month Club. "Of Mice and Men" is often banned in schools because of the bad language, racism, questionable morality and violence. It is on the American Library Association's list of the "Most Challenged Books of the 21st Century".


"Of Mice and Men" is a story about friendship and loneliness. It also talks about the American Dream: the hope that in America, anyone can become rich or famous if they work hard.

"Of Mice and Men" was made into a movie several times, the first in 1939, only two years after the publication of the novel. This version of "Of Mice and Men" stars Lon Chaney Jr. as Lennie, Burgess Meredith as George, and was directed by Lewis Milestone. It was nominated for four Oscars. In 1981 it was made into a TV movie. This version stars Randy Quaid as Lennie, Robert Blake as George, Ted Neeley as Curley, and was directed by Reza Badiyi. The most recent movie version of "Of Mice and Men" (1992) was directed by Gary Sinise (who also played the part of George). He was nominated for the Palme d'Or at Cannes. The role of Lennie, was played by John Malkovich. Both men had played these roles on stage in the 1980 Steppenwolf Theatre Company production.

Europe (band)

Europe is an American-Swedish rock band. The band was started by Joey Tempest and John Norum in 1979. Their song "The Final Countdown" was a big hit in 1986.

Europe took a break in 1992, but came back in 2003.



Samuel Goldwyn

Samuel Goldwyn (August 27, 1882 (claimed but most likely July 1879) – January 31, 1974) was a Polish-American movie producer who made a lot of movies in America.

He was born in Warsaw, Poland. His parents died when he was young. He first moved to London, then New York. In New York he worked in a glove factory, then as a glove salesman. After this, he helped his brother-in-law to make movies.

He started the Goldwyn Pictures Corporation in 1917. This became part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1924.

Some of his famous movies are Wuthering Heights (1939), The Best Years of Our Lives (1946) and Porgy and Bess (1959).

He often said things that people remembered, such as:
His sayings are called "Goldwynisms".


Edge (wrestler)

Adam Joseph Copeland (born October 30, 1973 in Orangeville, Ontario) is a Canadian professional wrestler and actor. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he performs as Adam Copeland. He became famous in the World Wrestling Federation/WWE under the ring name Edge. In WWE he became an an 11-time world champion and won 14 tag team championships (seven of those teaming with his real life friend Christian).

He was forced into early retirement from professional wrestling in 2011 due to a injury to his neck. Copeland was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on March 31, 2012 by his best friend and tag team partner Christian. During his retirement, Copeland has appeared on the Syfy series "Haven" where he played the character Dwight Hendrickson.

Edge made a shocking return to wrestling on January 26, 2020 at WWE's Royal Rumble, in the namesake Royal Rumble match. He then started a feud with his former tag team partner Randy Orton. In 2021, he became the third man to win the Royal Rumble match from the first position. In 2022, Edge turned heel and created the stable Judgment Day, adding Damian Priest and Rhea Ripley. After being attacked by them and removed from the group later that year, Edge feuded with them and their new members Finn Bálor and Dominik Mysterio. He left WWE in September 2023, after 25 years in the company.

On October 1, 2023 at WrestleDream, Copeland made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He rescued Sting from a beatdown from Christian Cage, Nick Wayne, and Luchasaurus. In the post-event media scrum, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that Copeland had signed a contract to compete full-time. 

On the October 10 episode of "Dynamite", Copeland made his AEW in-ring debut. He defeated Luchasaurus to also get his first victory in AEW.

At Worlds End, Copeland would defeat Christian Cage in a no disqualification match to win the AEW TNT Championship, his first title in a big company outside WWE. Minutes after the match, Cage would immediately use the title shot that was earned by Killswitch earlier on the pre-show and Copeland would lose the title back to Cage.





Book of Tobit

The Book of Tobit (or Book of Tobias) is a book of biblical scripture that is part of the Catholic and Orthodox biblical canon, put forward by the Council of Carthage of 397 and confirmed for Roman Catholics by the Council of Trent (1546). It's listed in "Article VI" of the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England. 

Likely written in the second century BC in Palestine, Tobit is regarded by Protestants as apocryphal. Also, it has never been included within the Tanakh (also known as Old Testament) as canonical by ancient Judaism. However, it is found in the Greek Old Testament (the Septuagint), and Aramaic and Hebrew fragments of the book were discovered in Cave IV at Qumran in 1952. 

Tobit goes blind and feels hopeless, but recovers his sight through the advice of an Angel called Raphael. Also mentioned is Tobit's son called Tobias, who is traveling eastward to collect money, accompanied by the Angel, Raphael, who tells Tobit of a woman named Sarah who is looking to get married. Her earlier marriages were not completed because shortly beforehand the man would always die mysteriously, which saddens Sarah. This time, though, the man does not die and in the end Tobias and Sarah are happily married. The story of Tobit is important for its teaching about guardian angels and for the need to always remain loyal to God during difficult times.

Forbidden City

The Forbidden City, now known as the Palace Museum, is a large historical palace and an art museum in the historical center of Beijing, China. The site is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is very important to the history and architecture of China. The Forbidden City was the palace of the Emperor of China from the Ming Dynasty to the end of the Qing Dynasty. For almost 500 years, it was as the home of emperors and their houses, as well as the ceremonial and political center of Chinese government. 

The name "Forbidden City" is a translation of the Chinese name "Zijin Cheng" (). The name "Zijin Cheng" was used for the first time in 1576. Another English name for Zijin Cheng is "Forbidden Palace". The word "Zi" means "purple" in Chinese. It means the North Star. This is because in ancient China it was called the "Ziwei" Star. In Chinese astrology the North Star was the home of the Celestial Emperor. Because the Forbidden City was the home of the emperor on Earth, the Chinese thought that it was Earth's equivalent of the "Ziwei" Star. "Jin" means "Forbidden" in Chinese. This was because no one was allowed to go in or out of the palace without the emperor's permission. "Cheng" means city.

The Chinese don't call the Forbidden Palace "Zijin Cheng" anymore. They call it "Gùgōng" (故宫) now. This means the "Former Palace". The museum that is in the Forbidden City is called the "Palace Museum" ().

After Zhu Di became the Yongle Emperor, the capital of China was moved from Nanjing to Beijing. In 1406 construction began on the Forbidden City. The construction of the palace went on for over 14 years and more than a million workers had to work on building it. (1406-1420)


List of rivers of Pakistan

This is a list of rivers in Pakistan

The following rivers are tributaries of the Indus River:


























Book of Zechariah

The Book of Zechariah is a book of the Bible found in the Old Testament and the Jewish Tanakh thought to be written by the prophet Zechariah. The name "Zechariah" means "God remembered." We don't know much about Zechariah. The book itself tells us only that his grandfather was Iddo, a priest who returned with Zerubbabel from Babylon. 

Chapters 1 to 6, written in 520 BC, start by telling the nation's history as a warning to the people. Then come eight visions, which show more about the history of Israel. These are to give the people hope. We are then told about the crowning of Jeshua/Joshua the priest. This showed that their religion was being restored. Then Zechariah tells that the kingdoms of the world will someday become the kingdom of God's Messiah. 

Chapters 7 and 8 were written two years later. The people were keeping days of sorrow to remind them of the loss of their city 70 years ago. They are told that now they can now have days to celebrate the return home and can be assured that now God is with them and will make them happy.

Chapters 9 to 11 tell of a future time when the nations around them would be destroyed by an army, but Jerusalem would be kept from destruction. This seems to have been talking about the coming of Alexander the Great with his army which happened in 332 BC. Tyre was taken by building a land bridge from the shore to the island city which was thought to be safe from capture. He also destroyed the city of Gaza. But Alexander did not destroy Jerusalem when he came there. Zechariah said that after these wars the Messiah would come. 

Chapters 12 to 14 tell about the glories that await Israel in "the latter day", the final conflict and triumph of God's kingdom.

Most Christians read the predictions in chapters 7 to 14 as talking about Jesus, either directly or indirectly. These chapters helped the writers of the Gospels understand Jesus’ suffering, death and resurrection, which they quoted as they wrote of Jesus’ final days. One of these quotes is from Chapter 9, verse 9, "Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, your King comes unto you: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon a donkey." All four Gospels tell of Jesus riding into Jerusalem on a donkey and two of them say that Zechariah told of this ahead of time. 

Book of Zephaniah

The Book of Zephaniah is a book of the Bible and is thought to be written by “Zephaniah son of Cushi son of Gedaliah son of Amariah son of Hezekiah, in the days of King Josiah son of Amon of Judah”.

The book begins by telling of God's judgement on the Kingdom of Judah. Three times God says "I will sweep away" in Chapter 1 verses 1 and 2. This tells of total destruction. In the Bible repeating three times makes the warning stronger. The mention in Chapter 1 verse 2 of "humans and animals ... the birds ... the fish" reverses the creation order in Genesis Chapter 1 verse 28, showing the creation is being undone. "From the face of the earth" is a reference to the Genesis flood story in Genesis, where it also tells of an undoing of creation. This is very strong language of the coming destruction because of the sins of the people, corruption and injustice. 

In chapter 2, Zephaniah also warns of punishment for many of the surrounding nations. These will also be destroyed. The nations mentioned include Philistia, Moab, Ammon,Cush and Assyria.

In Chapter 3, as is common in prophetic literature in the Bible, a "remnant" survives God's judgement in Zephaniah by humbly seeking refuge in God. The book ends in with hope and joy, as God "bursts forth in joyful divine celebration" over his people.
They will return and all the nations will rejoice over this. 

Song of Songs

The Song of Songs is a book of the Hebrew Bible or Tanakh, and also in the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. It is one of the five "megillot" (scrolls). The Song of Songs is also known as the Song of Solomon or as Canticle of Canticles. It is known as "Aisma" in the Septuagint, which is short for ῏Αισμα ᾀσμάτων, "Aisma aismatôn", "Song of Songs" in Greek.

Verse 1 seems to show that the author is Solomon, since it says that it is "Solomon's Song of Songs", but this could also just mean a song "for" or "about" Solomon. So, who the author of Song of Songs was is still an often-discussed question.

If Solomon wrote it, it was probable that it was written in around the tenth century B.C. when Solomon was king. In fact, the mention of the cities of Tirzah and Jerusalem so close together (6:4) has been used to say that it was written before King Omri (885-874 B.C.), even though people still do not know exactly why Tirzah was talked about. However, many have also said that the language in the Song of Songs is proof of it being written much later.

Most people think that the similarity of language, style, tone (mood), perspective, and repeated words show that it was written by one author. But others who do not think the Song was written by one person, or even from one time or place, say that this was because all of the Song's parts came from the same literary tradition.


Book of Isaiah

The Book of Isaiah (, "Sefer Y'sha'yah") is a book of the Bible thought to be written by the Prophet Isaiah, who lived in the second half of the 8th century BC. The Book of Isaiah contains many prophecies about ancient Israel, its people, and its enemies. Tradition says that all 66 chapters of the book were written by Isaiah, but other theories say that some chapters were written by one or more other people. This is mainly because they were about a later period and the text doesn't mention Isaiah after Chapter 39.

Isaiah, the son of Amoz lived in the Kingdom of Judah during the time of four kings from the mid to late 8th-century BCE. During this time, Assyria was growing to the west from what is now Iraq towards the Mediterranean, destroying first Aram (modern Syria) in 734–732 BCE, then the Kingdom of Israel in 722–721, and Judah in 701.

The defeat of Jerusalem by Babylon and the exile of its top people in 586 BCE followed. Chapters 40 to 55 are given to the Jews in exile, telling them about the hope of return. This was the time of king Cyrus the Great – in 559 BCE he became ruler of a small kingdom in what is today Iran. By 540 he ruled a big empire from the Mediterranean to Central Asia, and in 539 he conquered Babylon. Isaiah's predictions of the fall of Babylon and his talk about the glory of Cyrus as one who would help Israel mean these prophecies are about the period of 550–539 BCE.

The Persians ended the Jewish exile, and by 515 BCE some of the exiles had returned to Jerusalem and rebuilt the Temple. This is what the final chapters of Isaiah are about. 

The first 39 chapters are messages about how God will judge his people for their sins including sacrifice and war. All of the countries nearby are also to be judged. Mixed with this are promises of God helping those who obey Him.

Chapters 40-57 tell about how God will deliver and comfort His people. This will include the coming of a Messiah who will suffer for others. This will bring forgiveness and blessing. King Cyrus is said to be God's servant also to bring about the release of the Jews from exile in Persia. 

Chapters 58-66 tell about a future time of peace when all will be well. 

Judiasm

Isaiah was one of the most popular works in the time from the building of the Second Temple c. 515 BCE to its destruction by the Romans in 70 CE. Isaiah's "shoot [which] will come up from the stump of Jesse" is mentioned in the Psalms of Solomon and Jewish books about the end of the world. They thought it refereed to a/the messiah and the messianic age. A very important part of Isaiah was the Songs of the Suffering Servant from Isaiah 42, 49, 50 and 52. God calls upon his servant to lead the nations. He is treated badly but sacrifices himself in accepting the punishment due others, and is finally rewarded. 

Christianity

The earliest Christians interpreted Isaiah 52:13–53:12,as a prophecy of the death and victory of Jesus, a role which Jesus himself accepted according to Luke 4:17–21. Isaiah was held so high that the book was called "the Fifth Gospel". Isaiah is said to be the prophet who spoke more clearly of Christ and the Church than any others. Quotes from the book came into English literature and to Western culture in general. Some of the text was included in Handel's musical masterpiece "Messiah" and in everyday phrases as "swords into plowshares (making weapons into farming tools)" and "voice in the wilderness" meaning someone whose advice is not taken.

(Isaiah chapter 40 verse 28 Good News)

Book of Nehemiah

The Book of Nehemiah is a book of the Hebrew Bible, thought to be a continuation of the Book of Ezra, and is sometimes called the second book of Ezra. It is thought to be written by Nehemiah. It is about the return from exile and the rebuilding of Jerusalem. The Book talks about the struggles the Israelites face, such as when they rebuild the walls of the city, non-Israelite people are angry. Another problem is the fact that people are not obeying Jewish law.

Book of Obadiah

The Book of Obadiah is found in the Hebrew Bible and the Old Testament of the Christian Bible where it is the shortest book, only one chapter long. It is thought to have been written by a person named Obadiah, which means “servant (or worshipper) of the Lord”. Obadiah probably wrote the book sometime between 850 and 550 B.C.

The message of Obadiah is given to Edom, a country which was made up of descendants of Esau, who was the twin brother of Jacob. Jacob is also called Israel and is the ancestor of the Jewish people. When foreign armies attacked Israel, the people of Edom did not come to their aid, but instead took many things that had belonged to them. Obadiah said that God would destroy the Edomites because of this. The Edomites lived in a city that was protected by mountains. They also had other nations who were their allies in warfare. They were proud of their wise leaders. None of these things could protect them from defeat. Obadiah said that God would give Israel back some lands including the land of the Edomites. Edom no longer exists as a country. Part of what was Edom is now in the kingdom of Jordan. The ruins of their capitol city Petra is a tourist attraction. 

Book of Nahum

The Book of Nahum is a book in the Bible's Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh.

We don't know much about who Nahum was. His name means "comforter", and he was from the town of Elkosh or Alqosh (Nahum 1:1), which may have been a town of northern Galilee. He was a Hebrew and may have written from Jerusalem a short time before the downfall of Assyria

Nahum wrote about the final destruction of Nineveh, the capital of the great Assyrian empire. Ashurbanipal the king was at the height of his glory. Nineveh was a large city, and was then the center of the civilization and trade of the world. Jonah had given a warning, and Nahum was followed by Zephaniah, who also told about (Zephaniah 2:4–15) the destruction of the city. The book of Jonah shows us that God had a loving concern for the people of Nineveh, while Nahum tells about the righteousness and justice of God. He says God will punish the Assyrians because of "their cruelty" (Nahum 3:19). Nineveh was burned by fire around 625 BC, after which the Assyrian empire soon came to an end. That made big changes in the political and commercial fate of many in Asia.

Chapter one shows the majesty and might of the LORD God and His goodness and severity.

Chapters two and three tell about the final fall of Nineveh, which took place in 612 BC. Nahum tells about a war and how Nineveh's army tries to stop the invaders. Nahum uses poetry to write as if he were in the battle, giving commands to the soldiers. He uses irony by mentioning the lion as an Assyrian symbol of power; Nineveh is the strong lion with a den full of dead prey but will become weak like the lion hiding in its den. The book ends with a song about the soon destruction of Nineveh and the death of the Assyrian people and end of the once great Assyrian rulers.

Nahum shows God to be slow to anger, but that God will by not ignore the guilty but will bring them to justice. God is presented as a God who will punish evil, but will protect those who trust in Him. 

Book of Micah

The Book of Micah (Hebrew: ספר מיכה) is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible and the Christian Old Testament. 
Scholars believe it was written by Micah the prophet, about 700 years before Jesus was born. Chapter 1 verse 5 says Micah was from Moresheth (a town in southern Judah). He lived during the reigns of Yehotam, Ahaz and Hezekiah, roughly 750–700 BC.

During this time, after a long period of peace, Israel, Judah, and the other nations of the region were threatened by the Neo-Assyrian empire. Micah warns that there would be a military defeat as punishment for worshiping idols and treating poor people badly by the powerful. This happened to the kingdom of Israel (Samaria) in 721 and to the kingdom of Judah (Jerusalem) about 100 years later. The book contains three cycles of warning about punishment and promise of restoration. 

The book of Micah is quoted by the New Testament writer Matthew in chapter 2, verses 5 and 6 


Jesus quotes Micah chapter 7 verse 6, to say that families will be divided by His message:


Modern preachers have often quoted Micah Chapter 6, verse 8

Book of Joel

The Book of Joel is part of the Jewish Tanakh, and also the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. Joel describes a plague of locusts in Palestine. 

It is hard to know when the Book of Joel was written since the events told about could have happened at any point in time between 850 and 400 BC. Most modern students of the Bible believe the locusts were real insects that destroyed the crops, leaving the people hungry. Others think they are a picture of big armies that will invade the land and destroy. They can also be both things, one past, the other future. Joel calls on the leaders and people to turn from their sins and ask God to forgive them. God promises to do that both at that time and in the future whenever similar punishments are needed.

The phrase "day of the Lord" is used by Joel to refer to a period when God will punish, but then forgive his people.
Peter, one of Jesus' followers, talked about some verses from Joel to describe what happened on the day of Pentecost when Christians believe that the Holy Spirit was given and Christians talked about Jesus in languages they had never learned. This led to many people becoming Christians. This is found in the Book of Acts in the New Testament

The great army of locusts advances like darkness spreading over the mountains (2:2)

Book of Hosea

The Book of Hosea is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible and of the Christian Old Testament.
The book was written roughly between 760 and 720 BC and is about a man who was told by God to marry a woman who would not live with him as she should have done. Even though Hosea brought her back to his house and had some children with her, she kept leaving him and going away to other men. Hosea was told that his story was a picture of the way God's people treated God, by going after other gods (idols) even though God wanted them to stay with Him and love Him. 

Book of Haggai

The Book of Haggai is a book of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible) and of the Old Testament, written by the prophet Haggai. It was written in 520 BCE, some 18 years after Cyrus had taken the kingdom of Babylon and made a law in 538 BCE, so that the captive Jews could return to Judea. 

Cyrus also wanted the temple in Jerusalem to be built, so that the worship there could be begun again. Haggai told the people to begin to rebuild second Jerusalem temple. Haggai said that a recent drought was because of the people's refusal to rebuild the temple, which he sees as key to Jerusalem’s glory. 

He said that Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, was the Lord’s chosen leader. Haggai writes that three weeks after his first warning, the rebuilding of the Temple began on September 7 521 BCE. "They came and began to work on the house of the LORD Almighty, their God, on the twenty-fourth day of the sixth month in the second year of Darius the King. 

This is in Chapter 1 verses 14 and 15. The Book of Ezra says that it was finished on February 25 516 BCE "The Temple was completed on the third day of the month Adar, in the sixth year of the reign of King Darius." (Ezra Chapter 6, verse 15) After this Haggai said that God would bless the people. (Chapter 2, verse 18-19) The book ends by telling about the future downfall of other kingdoms.

Book of Habakkuk

The Book of Habakkuk is the eighth book of the 12 minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible. It is thought to be written by the prophet Habakkuk, in the late 7th century BC. In the first part of the book Habakkuk is talking with God about why people are allowed to do evil things. God tells him that He is going to allow the army from Babylon to come and defeat the people of Israel. This is to punish them for their sins of turning from God and treating people badly. Habakkuk then asks God why he would use the evil nation of Babylon to punish His own people. God replies that the people of Babylon will also later be punished. In the end Habakkuk accepts God's actions as good and responds with faith. 

Several verses in the book are well known. Chapter 2, verse 4 says "the just shall live by faith". This verse was used by Saint Paul in two of his letters and also by the writer of the letter to the Hebrews in the New Testament to show that we are accepted by God when we have faith in Him and this leads to right living. At the end of Chapter 3, Habakkuk states that even if all his crops and animals die and he is left poor, he will be glad in God who saves him. This is similar to what Job said when bad things happened to him. 

Book of Ezra

The Book of Ezra is a book of the Bible in the Old Testament and Hebrew Tanakh. It details the return of the Jewish people from their exile in Babylon in the second half of the sixth century BC and the struggles they had. These include having to rebuild their previously destroyed temple and people failing to obey Jewish religious commandments. 

The words that start Nehemiah 1:1, "The words of Nehemiah son of Hacaliah", shows that Ezra and Nehemiah were at first two different works. However, they were put together as one in the earliest Hebrew manuscripts. Josephus and the Jewish Talmud talk about the book of Ezra but not a different book of Nehemiah. The oldest manuscripts of the Septuagint also treat Ezra and Nehemiah as one book.

Origen (A.D. 185–253) is the first writer to treat the books as different works. He called them I Ezra and II Ezra. In translating the Latin Vulgate, Jerome called Nehemiah the second book of Esdrae (Ezra). The English translations by Wycliffe (1382) and Coverdale (1535) also called Ezra "I Esdras" and Nehemiah "II Esdras". The same separation first came out in a Hebrew manuscript in 1448.

Aberdeen railway station

Aberdeen railway station is a railway station in Aberdeen, Scotland, UK. It first opened in 1867.

Railway stations of Aberdeen

Aberdeen railway station can mean one of the railway stations in the city of Aberdeen, Scotland — only the one now named simply Aberdeen railway station is still in existence:



Thomas Friedman

Thomas Lauren Friedman (born July 20, 1953) is an American journalist.

Friedman is known for supporting a compromise resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, modernization of the Arab world, environmentalism and globalization. Although an early supporter of the invasion of Iraq, he later became an outspoken critic of the war and the Bush administration.

Mark Bosnich

Mark John Bosnich (born 13 January 1972) is an Australian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. 

Aston Villa

Manchester United

Australia

Individual

Dario Gradi

Dario Gradi is a football manager. He manages Crewe Alexandra.

Rio Ferdinand

Rio Gavin Ferdinand (born 7 November 1978) is a retired English football player. He is now a pundit for BT Sport. 

On 8 November 2022, he was given a Officer of the Order of the British Empire for his service of sport and charities.

West Ham United

Manchester United

Individual



Jack Charlton

Jack Charlton (8 May 1935 – 10 July 2020) was an English former footballer and manager. He played for England national team.

His younger brother was Bobby Charlton.

He died on 10 July 2020 in Northumberland at the age of 85. He had dementia and lymphoma.

Leeds United

England

Individual

Middlesbrough

Sheffield Wednesday

Republic of Ireland

Individual

Billy Wright

William Ambrose Wright, commonly known as Billy Wright, CBE (6 February 1924 – 3 September 1994), was an English footballer who played as a centre half. He spent all of his club career at Wolverhampton Wanderers.

490||13
490||13

!Total||105||3

Mick McCarthy

Mick McCarthy (born 7 February 1959) is a former Irish football player. He has played for Republic of Ireland national team. He currently manages Ipswich Town Football Club, having brought them out of relegation in his first season there in 2012.

Barnsley

Manchester City

Celtic

Individual

Sunderland

Wolverhampton Wanderers

Individual

Ali Daei

Ali Daei (born 3 February 1969) is a former Iranian football player. He has played for Iran national team.

143||72
16||10
107||19
25||11
291||112

!Total||149||109

Carsten Ramelow

Carsten Ramelow (born 20 March, 1974) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

413||28||25||0||65||6||503||33
413||28||25||0||65||6||503||33

!Total||46||3

Geysir

Geysir (sometimes known as The Great Geysir) is a geyser in Iceland. It is in the Haukadalur valley, Iceland. It is the oldest known geyser and one of the world's most impressive ones. The English word "geyser" comes from Geysir. Geysir is on the slopes of Laugarfjall hill at . The Strokkur geyser is about 400 metres south of Geysir.

Eruptions at Geysir can send boiling water up to 60 metres in the air. However, eruptions may be infrequent. In the past, they have in the past stopped altogether for years at a time.

Lens, Pas-de-Calais

Lens is a city in the Pas-de-Calais department of France. Today, about 36.000 people live there. The city has an important history of mining. There is also the Racing Club de Lens, a well-known French soccer team. Paris is 200 km to the south, Lille is 40 km to the north, Douai is 15 km to the east, and Arras is 20 km to the south.

The city is very old, though no one knows exactly how old. Ruins of Ancient Roman settlements have been found.

Music recording sales certification

A music recording sales certification is the award system that a country uses for music sales.

Almost all countries have a type of sales certification, often using RIAA certification categories (such as gold, platinum and diamond). The number of sales that an album needs before it gets an award is different in each country, depending on the population of the country. In some sales certifications, there may be different awards for the type of music recording sold, such as albums, singles, or videos.
United Kingdom

List of music recording sales certifications

The global music industry typically awards recordings with certification awards based on the total units sold. These awards and their sales requirements are defined by the various certifying bodies representing the music industry in various countries and territories worldwide. The standard certification awards given consist of various combinations of Silver, Gold, Platinum, and Diamond awards, in ascending order of sales requirements. In most cases, a "Multi-Platinum" or "Multi-Diamond" award is given for sales in multiples of the Platinum or Diamond sales requirements.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.




Canadian Recording Industry Association

Music Canada (formerly The Canadian Recording Industry Association) is a non-profit trade organization that was founded in 1964 to represent the interests of Canadian companies that create, manufacture and market sound recordings in Canada. The organization is based in Toronto.

CRIA is governed by a board of directors who are elected annually by CRIA members. To be eligible for election a candidate for the board must be among the chief executive officers of member companies of the organization. Graham Henderson (Universal Music Canada) is the current president of the CRIA.

The CRIA certifications for albums are:

Note: Multi-Platinum refers to how many times the album has reached 100,000 units sold.


British Phonographic Industry

The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) is the British record industry's trade association. Its membership comprises hundreds of music companies including all four 'major' record companies (Warner Music Group, EMI, Sony BMG, and Universal Music Group), associate members such as manufacturers and distributors, and hundreds of independent music companies representing literally thousands of labels.
It has represented the interests of British record companies since being formally incorporated in 1973 when the principal aim was to fight copyright infringement.

It founded the annual BRIT Awards for the British music industry, as well as the Mercury Prize for the Album of the Year.

The British Phonographic Industry awards certificates for music releases in Britain. The level of the award varies depending on the format of the release and the number sold. BPI certificates are not automatic; the record company must pay a fee to the BPI and they carry out an audit into the release in question. Certificates are usually awarded on the basis of the number of units the release has shipped, rather than the number it has sold.


Gramophone record

A gramophone record (or just record) is a type of analog storage medium. It stores recorded music (or other sounds). It was popular during most of the 20th century. Gramophone records are played on a phonograph ("record player").

A gramophone record is a flat disk that is usually made of plastic. The sound is recorded on a very fine line or groove which goes around and around in a spiral from the outside edge of the disk to the center. The phonograph plays the sound with a needle that touches the groove. A record usually has different music on each side. When made of vinyl they were also known as vinyl records. Most music made in the 20th century used this format.
Thomas Edison made early phonographs in the 1870s. He originally used tin foil to record the sound. Soon wax cylinders were used in place of the tin foil. The cylinders could be taken off the machine and put back on without destroying the recording. Although discs were made as early as 1888, it was not until 1902 that discs became more popular than cylinder records. Discs were first made of a shellac mixture, and later of polyvinyl chloride, often abbreviated as "vinyl". Singles usually carried only one or two songs or recordings. EPs (extended play records) carried from three to five songs. Albums carried many more recordings; a dozen was normal, or from 30 to 45 minutes of playing time. These formats are still used today, with digital recordings, and playing time for singles and albums has grown considerably.

Vinyl records lost popularity but never went out of production. Now, in recent years vinyl is gaining popularity, while CD record shops have gone out of business, more and more vinyl only record shops are opening. CD and other digital formats have a much higher objective sound quality (closeness to the original) than vinyl, being identical to the original within the limits of human hearing, but many argue the higher subjective (heard by the ear) sound quality of vinyl compared to newer formats. This higher subjective quality comes from changes to the sound caused by the record cutting and pressing process. This sound is very subjective, and not everyone prefers the sound of vinyl over CD.

Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks

Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks (originally called Mainstream Rock Tracks) is a ranking in "Billboard" of the most-played songs on mainstream rock radio stations, a category that includes stations that play primarily rock music but are not modern rock (that is, "alternative") stations, which are counted in the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.

1959–60 NHL season

The 1959–60 NHL season was the 43rd season of the National Hockey League. The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to none for their fifth straight Stanley Cup. 

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
"Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes played; GA = Goals against; SO = Shut outs; AVG = Goals against average"
"All dates in 1960"
Chicago Black Hawks vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

Sabellianism

Sabelianism is a position in Christian theology. It is against the idea of the trinity. Sabellianism is also known as modalism, modalistic monarchianism, or modal monarchism. Basically, the teaching says that God has three masks, and humans see him in three different ways, but he is in fact only one. 

Historic Sabellianism taught that God the Father was the only person of the Godhead, a belief known as Monarchianism. One author has described Sabellius' teaching: "The true question, therefore, turns on this, viz., what is it which constitutes what we name ‘person’ in the Godhead? Is it original, substantial, essential to divinity itself? Or does it belong to and arise from the exhibitions and developments which the divine Being has made of himself to his creatures? The former Sabellius denied; the latter he fully admitted." 

Modalists say that the only number given to God in the Holy Bible is "One". Christian texts do not explicitley talk about God being "three". The number three is never mentioned in texts talking about God. The number three is the number that is central to the word "Trinity". There is one text known as Comma Johanneum which may be an exception to this. The comma Johanneum is a disputed text passage in First John. The text is mainly known from the King James Version of the Bible and some versions of the Textus Receptus. It is usually not included in modern critical texts. Modalism has been mainly associated with Sabellius, who taught a form of it in Rome in the third century. 

Hippolytus of Rome knew Sabellius personally and mentioned him in the "Philosophumena". He knew Sabellius disliked Trinitarian theology, but he said Modal Monarchism was the heresy of Noetos, not that of Sabellius. 

Christians in Cyrenaica liked Sabellianism, and converted to it. Demetrius, Patriarch of Alexandria, wrote many letters to them arguing against this belief.

The primary critic was Tertullian, who said that they crucified the Father. 

It is important to note that our only sources available for our understanding of Sabellianism are from people who opposed it. Scholars today do not agree what exactly Sabellius or Praxeus taught. It is easy to think Tertullian and Hippolytus misrepresented the opinions of their opponents.

Tertullian seems to suggest that the majority of believers at that time favoured the Sabellian view of the oneness of God. Epiphanius (Haeres 62) about 375 AD notes that Sabellius still had many followers, both in Mesopotamia and at Rome. The second general council at Constantinople in 533 AD declared the baptism of Sabellius to be invalid, which indicates that Sabellianism was still around.

Sabellianism has been rejected by the majority of Christian churches in favour of Trinitarianism. This was done through the Athanasian Creed, which says that God is three distinct persons. Each one of the three is equal to the others, and eternal in the same way than the other two.

Michael Servetus and Emanuel Swedenborg were scientists of the 16th and 17th century. Some of the tests thy have written seem to suggest that they were in favor of Modalism. Neither of the two describes God as appearing in three modes. Both describe him as the One Divine Person, Jesus Christ, who has a Divine Soul of Love, Divine Mind of Truth, and Divine Body of Activity. Jesus merged his human form with the divine. By doing this, he became entirely One with His Divine Soul from the Father in such a way that the persons could no longer be kept apart. 

Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that the Father (a spirit) is united with Jesus (a man) as the Son of God. However, Oneness Pentecostalism is very different from Sabellianism, because it rejects sequential modalism. They teach that God was fully God and fully man. 

Oneness Pentecostalism and Sabellianism can be compared to each other, because they are both Notrinitarian. There may be several differences between both positions though.

It is difficult to find out what Sabellianism really taught, because all that is left today are the texts of those who were against it. All of his original works were burned. The following excerpts which demonstrate some of the known doctrinal characteristics of ancient Sabellians may be seen to compare with the doctrines in the modern Oneness movement:

Tritheism

Tritheism is the belief that there are three distinct, powerful gods, who form a triad. Generally three gods are believed to have separate powers and separate supreme beings or spheres of influence but working together. In this respect tritheism differs from dualism, which typically envisages two opposed Divine powers in conflict with one another.

There is no group that claims to believe in or teach tritheism. The term is solely used as an accusation against others, somewhat similar to the usage of the word "cult", in accusing a group of holding an alternate or distorted view of the Christian doctrine of Trinity. The main branches consider tritheism heretical.

Book of Jeremiah

The Book of Jeremiah, or Jeremiah (, Yirməyāhū), is part of the Hebrew Bible, Judaism's Tanakh, and later became a part of Christianity's Old Testament.

Jeremiah began began his work in the thirteenth year of king Josiah (about 627 BC) and finished in the eleventh year of king Zedekiah (586 BC), when Jerusalem went into exile. During this period, Josiah reformed their religion, Babylon destroyed Assyria and Egypt briefly made Judah their subject. Then Babylon defeated Egypt and made Judah their subject (605 BC). Judah revolted several times and after the final time, Babylon destroyed Jerusalem and its Temple and took away its king and many of the leading people in 586 BC.

Besides his written warnings, Jeremiah did some strange things to call attention to his message:

Jeremiah's name is found in the Chronicles and the Book of Ezra, both written after the exile. He said that the exile would last 70 years. This was mentioned in the Book of Daniel. 

Christians believe that Jesus was a suffering prophet and that this was like what happened to Jeremiah in chapters 37–44, as well as to the suffering servant described in the book of Isaiah Chapter 53. 

Book of Lamentations

The Book of Lamentations ("Eikha", ʾēḫā(h)) is a book of the Bible Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh. It is traditionally read by the Jewish people on Tisha B'Av, the fast day that commemorates the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem.

In the Coptic Orthodox Church, the book's third chapter is chanted on the twelfth hour of the Good Friday service, that commemorates the burial of Jesus.

The book has been thought to be the work of Jeremiah by Jews from 200 B.C. and by Christians from 400 A.D. The book itself does not tell who wrote it, so the author is uncertain. It is a series of sad poems about the destruction of Jerusalem. 

Beginning with the reality of disaster, Lamentations ends with the thought that God may have finally rejected Israel (chapter 5:22). The poet says that this suffering is a just punishment, still God is held to have had choice over whether to act in this way and at this time. Hope arises from remembering God's past goodness. The poem says that the mercies of Yahweh (the God of Israel) never end, but are new every morning (3:22–33).

The book was written in Hebrew. That language has 22 letters in its alphabet. Each of the verses in chapters 1, 2 and 4 start with the next letter of the alphabet. In Chapter 3 groups of 3 verses also start with the same letters. That is why chapters 1,2 and 4 have 22 verses and chapter 3 has 66 verses. Chapter 5 also has 22 verses, but does not follow the method of using a different letter for each verse. This type of structure is called an acrostic and may have been used as an aid to memory. 

Book of Ezekiel

The Book of Ezekiel, Hebrew: ספר יחזקאל , is a book of the Hebrew Bible and of the Old Testament. It is named after the prophet Ezekiel.

The book begins with a vision of beings with 4 heads surrounded by rings adorned with eyes. Then, God appears to Ezekiel and instructed him to warn the Israelites who at the time, were religiously rebellious. Another well known dream that the prophet saw was a valley full of dry bones that came to life when the prophet spoke to them. This was to show that God would bring life back to the people who were being punished by being taken captive by Babylon These two stories have been made into songs.

The prophet did some strange things to warn the people that they were going to be punished for a time because they had not been faithful to God as he had told them to.

It deals among others with the revival of the Jewish people and the Land of Israel (chapters 36-37), with the war of Gog and Magog against Israel (chapters 38-39), the new Jewish temple (chapters 40-47), and the determination of the boundaries of the land and also the division of the land among the tribes of Israel (chapters 47-48).

Book of Daniel

The Book of Daniel (דניאל), originally written in Hebrew and Aramaic, is a book in both the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and the Christian Old Testament. 

The book says that Daniel is its writer in several places, such as 9:2 and 10:2. Jesus warned his disciples about coming events when he talked about " 'the abomination that causes desolation', spoken of through the prophet Daniel". The book was probably completed shortly after Cyrus captured Babylon in 539.

The Book of Daniel has two main parts. Chapters 1-6 tell stories about Daniel and his three friends who were taken from the land of Israel to Babylon. They were told to stop worshiping their God and instead follow the gods of Babylon or the king. When they would not obey, God saved them by doing miracles. The two most well known of these stories are when three of Daniel's friends are put in a hot furnace, but are unharmed when a forth man appears to help them. Another story is about Daniel being put into a den of lions because he would not stop praying to his God, but the hungry lions did not eat him. Daniel said that God had "shut the mouth of the lions". 

We get the English saying, "He saw the handwriting on the wall" from another story in Chapter 5 where the king was having a party and a hand appeared and wrote some strange words on the wall. Daniel was able to tell the king that this meant that he was about to be killed and another king would take his place. We use this phrase "handwriting on the wall" to mean that someone sees that something bad is about to happen or something good is about to end.

The second part of the Book of Daniel (Chapters 7-12) tell about dreams and visions that Daniel had that told about world history and also about things that would happen in the future. The main point of these visions was that God would win out over all of the kingdoms of the world. Many things that Daniel saw are later mentioned in the New Testament book of Revelation.

In Chapter 9 Daniel tells of 70 weeks that were about the future. Bible scholars believe that each week represents 7 years and so it refers to 490 years, (70 times 7 years). Daniel says that after that time Messiah would be "cut off". Christians think this may refer to the time Jesus was killed. Understanding the detailed meaning of the 70 weeks prophesy has puzzled many Bible scholars and there are many opinions.

Book of Amos

The Book of Amos is one of the books of the Nevi'im (Hebrew: "prophets") and of the Christian Old Testament. Amos is one of the minor prophets.

Amos lived during the time of two other prophets,Hosea and Isaiah, around 750 BC while Jeroboam was king of Israel and Uzziah was king of Judah. Amos lived in the kingdom of Judah but preached in the northern Kingdom of Israel. He wrote about social justice, God's power, judgement and eventual restoration. The message is harsh, but Amos wrote some of the most poetic parts of the Bible.

The book has 9 chapters. In the first chapter Amos says that God will punish many of the nations around Israel. Then in the second chapter he uses similar words to say the Judah and Israel will also be punished. The rest of the book tells the reasons for that punishment before ending with a promise that Israel would then be restored.

There are some well known verses in the book of Amos that religious leaders and people who work for justice have used in speeches about modern problems such as racism.

Chapter 5 verse 24, "But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream." This verse was often quoted by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr..

Chapter 6 verse 1, "Woe to you who are at ease in Zion,(Jerusalem)." This is a warning to those who think they are safe from God's judgement because things are going well at the present. 

Washington Mutual

Washington Mutual (abbreviated to WaMu) () was the United States' largest savings and loan association. Despite its name, it ceased being a mutual company in 1983 when it began to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.

On September 25, 2008, the 119th anniversary of WaMu's founding, the United States Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) announced that it was seizing the bank and would sell most of its functional assets to JPMorgan Chase. WaMu's collapse is the largest U.S. bank failure in history. At the time of the collapse, it was the sixth-largest bank in the United States. According to Washington Mutual's 2007 SEC filing, it held assets valued at $327.9/Billion Dollars.

Gray's Anatomy

Henry Gray's Anatomy of the Human Body (or "Gray's Anatomy") is an English-language human anatomy textbook. It was first called Gray's Anatomy: Descriptive and Surgical in the United Kingdom in 1858, and in the United States in 1859. It was written for medical students by Henry Grey and illustrated by Henry Vandyke Carter in 1855 and published in 1858.



Gray's Anatomy for Students

Gray's Anatomy for Students is an anatomy textbook following the same idea as the famous Gray's Anatomy for medical students. The book is famous for its detailed drawings and style.

The first edition was published in 2004.

Killing Joke

Killing Joke are an industrial rock band from England. They have been called a key influence on the industrial rock genre.


Fit Finlay

David John Finlay Jr. (born 31 January 1958) is a Northern Irish former professional wrestler and road agent. He is currently signed to the WWE and works as a trainer for them. 

Finlay also Is known for his time wrestling for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name Finlay. He has held both the WCW World Television Championship and the WWE United States Championship.

On December 22, 2012, Finlay decided to retire as an in-ring competition. In his last match, he teamed with his son David Finlay Jr and they defeated Robbie Brookside and "Dirty" Dan Collins in an Irish street fight.

Chris Jericho

Christopher Keith Irvine (born November 9, 1970), better known by his ring name Chris Jericho, is an American - Canadian professional wrestler, rock musician,actor, author, and radio host. He is currently signed to AEW.
Jericho is also known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and internationally in Canadian, Mexican and Japanese promotions.

As a part of WWE, he is credited as being the first-ever Undisputed Champion in professional wrestling history. Also, he has won the Intercontinental Championship a record nine times. Jericho is a six-time world champion, having won the WCW World Heavyweight Championship twice, the aforementioned Undisputed Championship, and the World Heavyweight Championship three times. He is also the Ninth Triple Crown Champion and Third Grand Slam Champion.

Jericho is also the frontman of Fozzy, an American heavy metal band. Jericho uses the theme song "Break The Walls Down" as his entrance theme.

On May 24, 2012, during a match against CM Punk in São Paulo, Brazil, Jericho dropped and kicked the flag of Brazil which is a crime in that country. The police went to the ring and threatened to arrest Jericho. Jericho apologized to the crowd and was suspended by the WWE for 30 days. Jericho returned on June 25 episode of "Raw", his disappearance was explained by a European tour with his band Fozzy which happened to coincide with his suspension.

On the June 30, 2014 episode of "Raw", Jericho made a surprise return to the WWE and attacked The Miz who had also returned minutes earlier. Jericho was then attack by The Wyatt Family.

He currently hosts weekly podcast called "Talk Is Jericho" on PodcastOne.com.

He is best friends with Kevin Owens.








<br><br><br><br>


Charles Curtis

Charles Curtis (January 25, 1860 – February 8, 1936) was an American politician. He was the 31st vice president of the United States from 1929 to 1933 under President Herbert Hoover. Before becoming vice president, he was a senator and a representative from Kansas.

Curtis is the only Native American vice president in history. Curtis was a member of the Kaw Nation. Charles Curtis was the first vice president of color; the other being Vice President Kamala Harris. Curtis called himself "one-eighth Kaw Indian and a one-hundred percent Republican." In 1900, Kaw Chief Washungah called Curtis "one of our own men."

Curtis grew up in Kansas and spoke the Kaw language. When he was in government, Curtis did some good things for Native Americans and some bad things. In 1898, he sponsored the Curtis Act of 1898, which took power away from tribal leaders.

Big Show

Paul Donald Wight (born February 8, 1971) is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is currently signed to AEW under his real name. He became famous with his ring name, (The Big Show).

He is best known for his career in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE). In WCW he wrestled as The Giant from June 1995 to December 1998. Then he joined the WWF/E in February 1999, where he performed for 22 years as the Big Show. He is the first man in the history of wrestling to win the WWE Championship, WCW World Heavyweight Championship and the ECW World Championship, even though his ECW Title win was after the company became a WWE property. Kane is the second wrestler.



Robert Guiscard

Robert Guiscard (Hauteville-la-Guichard, France, 1015 - Kefalonia, Greece, July 15, 1085), was a Norman adventurer. 

Robert de Hauteville, dubbed "Guiscard", was born at Hauteville, near Coutances (Normandy). He was the sixth son of Tancred of Hauteville and eldest by his second wife Fressenda (or Fredesenda), daughter of Duke Richard I of Normandy. 

Like many other impoverished Norman knights (Rainulf Drengot, William Ironarm, and more), Robert de Hauteville went to Italy, arriving there about 1046. After serving in the forces of the prince lombard of Capua, Pandulf, he organized an army to secure possessions for himself in Calabria. In 1053, when the Pope Leo IX attempted to expel the Normans from the South Italy, Robert Guiscard played an important role in defeating the papal forces at Civitate, near the modern city of San Severo (Province of Foggia). 

After the death in 1057 of his older brother Humphrey, count of Apulia, Guiscard became leader of the Normans in Italy. The pope, seeking independence from the Holy Roman Empire, decided to enlist the Normans as allies. In 1059 the French Pope Nicholas II created Robert "by the Grace of God and Saint Peter, duke of Apulia and Calabria and, with their help, hereafter of Sicily" ("Robertus Guiscardus, Normannus Dux Apuliae, Calabriae et Siciliae"). In return, Robert acknowledged the pope as his feudal overlord. Sicily was in Muslim hands at the time and so Robert and his brother Roger Bosso embarked on a series of campaigns, capturing Messina in 1061 and Palermo in 1072. 

Turning his attention to the Balkans in 1081, Guiscard gained a great victory over the Byzantine emperor Alexius I Comnenus at Durazzo (Albania). In Greece, his campaigns at Macedonia and Thessalia were being carried on, meanwhile, by his son Bohamund. Robert was recalled from his victorious campaigns in 1084 to go to the aid of Pope Gregory VII, who was besieged in the castle of Sant'Angelo by Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV. Robert drove Henry from Rome, and reduced one-third of the city to ashes. Because of the unpopularity of Gregory VII in Rome, he took the pope to Monte Cassino. Robert then went to the support of Bohamund in the Greek campaign but died of fever at Kefalonia a few weeks later (July 1085). He was buried in the Hauteville family mausoleum of the Trinity Abbey (SS. Trinità) at Venosa. The town of Fiscardo on Kefalonia is named after him.



William A. Wheeler

William Almon Wheeler (June 30, 1819 – June 4, 1887) was a U.S. representative from New York and the nineteenth vice president of the United States.

Schuyler Colfax

Schuyler (pronounced "Sky-ler") Colfax, Jr. (March 23, 1823 – January 13, 1885) was a U.S. representative from Indiana, the 29th speaker of the House of Representatives, and the 17th vice president of the United States.

The towns of Colfax, California, Colfax, Washington, and Colfax, Louisiana, are named for Schuyler Colfax. The "Jewel of the Midwest," Schuyler, Nebraska, named after Colfax, is the county seat of Colfax County, Nebraska. The now ghost town of Colfax, Colorado was named after him. Colfax County, New Mexico is named after the Speaker as well. In addition, the "main street" traversing Aurora, Denver, and Lakewood, Colorado and abutting the Colorado State Capitol is named "Colfax Avenue" in the politician's honor. The middle school Schuyler Colfax in Wayne, New Jersey is also named after him.

Henry Wilson

Henry Wilson (February 16, 1812 – November 22, 1875) was a U.S. senator from Massachusetts and the eighteenth vice president of the United States.

Hubert Humphrey

Hubert Horatio Humphrey, Jr. (May 27, 1911 – January 13, 1978) was an American politician and statesman. He served as the 38th vice president of the United States from 1965 to 1969 under President Lyndon B. Johnson. Before becoming vice president, he was a United States senator from Minnesota from 1949 to 1964 and again from 1971 to 1978.

Humphrey was born in a room over his father's drugstore in Wallace, South Dakota. He was the son of Ragnild Kristine Sannes (1883–1973), a Norwegian immigrant, and Hubert Humphrey, Sr. (1882–1949). Humphrey spent most of his childhood in Doland, South Dakota, on the Dakota prairie; the town's population was about 600 people when he lived there. His father was a licensed pharmacist who was mayor and a town council member. In the late 1920s a severe economic decline hit Doland; both of the town's banks closed and Humphrey's father fought to keep his drugstore business open.

After his son graduated from Doland's high school, Hubert Humphrey, Sr. left Doland and opened a new drugstore in the larger town of Huron, South Dakota; a population of 11,000 people, where he hoped to improve his fortunes. Because of the family's financial struggles, Humphrey had to leave the University of Minnesota after just one year. He earned a pharmacist's license from the Capitol College of Pharmacy in Denver, Colorado (completing a two-year licensure program in just six months), and spent years from 1931 to 1937 helping his father run the family drugstore. Over time the Humphrey Drug Company became a financial gain business and the family again succeeded.

Humphrey did not enjoy working as a pharmacist, and his dream was to earn a doctorate in political science and become a college professor. In 1937 he returned to the University of Minnesota and earned a bachelor's degree in 1939. He was a member of Phi Delta Chi Fraternity. He also earned a master's degree from Louisiana State University in 1940, serving as an assistant instructor of political science. One of his classmates was Russell B. Long, who would become a U.S. Senator from Louisiana. He then became an instructor and doctoral student at the University of Minnesota from 1940 to 1941 (joining the American Federation of Teachers), and was a supervisor for the Works Progress Administration (WPA). Humphrey soon became active in Minneapolis politics, and as a result he never finished his PhD.He died of Bladder cancer in Waverley Minnesota at age 66

Humphrey was a United States Senator from Minnesota twice, and was Democratic Majority Whip. He was a founder of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party and Americans for Democratic Action. He was also mayor of Minneapolis, Minnesota, 1945–1949.

In 1968, Humphrey was the nominee of the Democratic Party in the United States presidential election but narrowly lost to the Republican nominee, Richard Nixon.Hubert Humphrey died of bladder cancer in Minnesota at age 66

Alben W. Barkley

Alben William Barkley (November 24, 1877 – April 30, 1956) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives and the United States Senate from Paducah, Kentucky, majority leader of the Senate, and the thirty-fifth vice president of the United States. He was the oldest vice president of the United States at the age of . He ran for president in 1952, however the Democratic Party primaries had nominated Adlai Stevenson II instead and labor union leaders rejected him to run because of old age (74).
He died in Lexington Kentucky from a heart attack at age 78.

John Nance Garner

John Nance Garner IV nicknamed "Cactus Jack" (November 22, 1868 – November 7, 1967) was the 44th speaker of the United States House of Representatives (1931-1933) and the 32nd Vice President of the United States (1933-1941). Garner once described the Vice-Presidency as being "not worth a bucket of warm spit." Also, he lived to be 98 years and 350 days old. That made him the longest-lived former vice president of the United States. 

Garner was born near the village of Detroit in Red River County in eastern Texas on November 22, 1868. His parents were John Nance Garner III and his wife, the former Sarah Jane Guest. Garner studied at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, for one semester before dropping out and returning home. He was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. He eventually studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1890, and began practice in Uvalde, Uvalde County, Texas.

On the morning of Garner's 95th birthday on November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy called to wish the former vice president a happy birthday, just hours before his assassination in Dallas.

Garner died on November 7, 1967, at the age of 98 years and 350 days, just 15 days before what would have been his 99th birthday. Since 1964, John Garner is the longest-lived vice president of the United States in the history, a record which was previously held by Benjamin Harrison's vice president, Levi P. Morton (who died in 1920, on his 96th birthday). He's interred in Uvalde Cemetery.

<br>

Thomas A. Hendricks

Thomas Andrews Hendricks (September 7, 1819 – November 25, 1885) was a U.S. representative and a senator from Indiana, a governor of Indiana, and the twenty-first vice president of the United States (serving with Grover Cleveland).

Hendricks died in his sleep at home in Indianapolis on November 25, 1885. Following his death, Congress changed the order of succession for the presidency by removing the leaders of the Senate and House of Representatives.

Levi P. Morton

Levi Parsons Morton (May 16, 1824 – May 16, 1920) was a U.S. representative from New York and the 22nd vice president of the United States. He also later served as the 31st Governor of New York.

Morton died on his 96th birthday at his home in Rhinebeck, New York on May 16, 1920 from bronchopneumonia. At 96, Levi Morton was the longest lived Vice President of the United States until 1964, when he was surpassed by John Nance Garner.

Garret Hobart

Garret Augustus Hobart (June 3, 1844 – November 21, 1899) was the 24th vice president of the United States from 1897 until his death in 1899. He was the sixth vice president to die in office. Before becoming vice president, Hobart was a well-known New Jersey businessman and politicial operative.

Charles W. Fairbanks

Charles Warren Fairbanks (May 11, 1852 – June 4, 1918) was an American politician. He was a U.S. senator from Indiana, serving from 1897 to 1905, and the 26th vice president of the United States from 1905 to 1909. He also was the vice presidential nominee in the 1916 presidential election for the Republicans. 

Fairbanks was born in Unionville Center, Ohio on May 11 1852. After he graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University, he moved to Indianapolis, Indiana. He was an attorney and worked as a railroad financier. In 1897, he was elected to the Senate. During his time in the Senate, he assisted President William McKinley, and was also part of a commission to fix a disagreement on the Alaska boundary. 

In 1904, Fairbanks was chosen to be the running mate for President Theodore Roosevelt. In 1908, he tried to become the presidential nominee for the Republican Party, but was not chosen. In 1912, he supported William Howard Taft for president. He again tried to become the nominee for president in 1916, but lost to Charles Evan Hughes. He ended up as Hughes's vice presidential nominee for the election, but their ticket lost to the Democratic ticket of President Woodrow Wilson and Vice President Thomas R. Marshall. he died of nephritis in Indianapolis at age 66 

Thomas R. Marshall

Thomas Riley Marshall (March 14, 1854 – June 1, 1925) was an American politician. He was the 28th vice president of the United States. He served under Woodrow Wilson from 1913 to 1921.

Charles G. Dawes

Charles Gates Dawes (August 27, 1865 – April 23, 1951) was an American banker and politician who was the 30th vice president of the United States from 1923 to 1929. For his work on the Dawes Plan for World War I reparations he was a co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize. He served in the First World War, was U.S. Comptroller of the Currency and the first director of the Bureau of the Budget, and in later life the U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom.

Rainulf Drengot

Rainulf Drengot (dead in 1045) was a Norman adventurer. 

In 1016, Rainulf went in the South Italy where he was a mercenary. In 1030, Drengot was the first count of Aversa (near Naples) and was married to the duke of Naples’s daughter. 



Gregg Gillis

Gregg Gillis, better known by his stage name Girl Talk, is an American musian who remixes music. Gillis, who lives in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has released four LPs on Illegal Art and EPs on 333 and 12 Apostles record labels. He began making music while studying Biomedical Engineering at Case Western Reserve University. He specializes in mash-up style remixes, in which he uses often a dozen or more unauthorized samples from different songs to create a new song; "The New York Times Magazine" has called his music "a lawsuit waiting to happen."

In 2007, Gillis was the winner of Wired Magazine's Rave Award.



A∴A∴

The A∴A∴ (Latin: "Argenteum Astrum" or Greek: "Άστρον Αργόν", ""Astron Argon"", both literally; "Silver star", alternately, Latin: "Arcanum Arcanorum", is a magical order created by Aleister Crowley in 1907 after leaving the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn. It is a Thelemic magical fraternity in which the holy book of the order is "The Book of the Law". Its motto is: "The method of science, the aim of religion." While the A∴A∴ was not part of Ordo Templi Orientis, the O.T.O. did consider the A∴A∴ to be a close ally.

Various lineages of the A∴A∴ survive today that can be traced back to the founders Aleister Crowley and George Cecil Jones.



The Book of the Law

The Book of the Law is the central sacred text of Thelema, written by Aleister Crowley in Cairo, Egypt in the year 1904. Its full title is "Liber AL vel Legis, sub figura CCXX, as delivered by XCIII=418 to DCLXVI", and it is commonly referred to as Liber AL vel Legis or just "Liber Al". It contains three chapters, each of which was written down in one hour, beginning at noon, on April 8, April 9, and April 10.


Ordo Templi Orientis

Ordo Templi Orientis (O.T.O.) ("Order of the Temple of the East", or the "Order of Oriental Templars") is an international fraternal and religious organization founded at the beginning of the 20th century. Originally it was intended to be modelled after and associated with Freemasonry, but under the leadership of Aleister Crowley was reorganized based on the Law of Thelema as its central religious principle along with "The Book of the Law". Similar to many secret societies, O.T.O. membership is based on an initiatory system with a series of degree ceremonies that use ritual drama to establish fraternal bonds and impart spiritual and philosophical teachings.

O.T.O. also includes the Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica (EGC) or Gnostic Catholic Church, which is the ecclesiastical arm of the Order. Its central rite, which is public, is the Gnostic Mass.



Luther Bible

The Luther Bible is a German Bible translation by Martin Luther, first printed with both testaments in 1534. 

Wycliffe's Bible

Wycliffe's Bible is the name now given to a group of Bible translations into Middle English, that were made under the guidance of John Wycliffe. They appeared over a period from about 1382 to 1395. Although unauthorized, the work was popular. Wycliffite Bible texts are the most common manuscript literature in Middle English. More than 250 manuscripts of the Wycliffite Bible survive.

These Bible translations were the chief inspiration and chief cause of the Lollard movement, a pre-Reformation movement that rejected many of the distinctive teachings of the Roman Catholic Church.

The Catholic Church started a campaign to suppress it. In the early 15th century, Henry IV, Archbishop Thomas Arundel, and Henry Knighton put into law some of the severest religious censorship laws in Europe at that time. Manuscripts of the Wycliffe Bible, if inscribed with a date before 1409 (the date of the ban) circulated freely and were widely used by clergy and laity.

Wycliffe's Bible was edited later in stages to bring it closer to spoken English of the day. His translation followed the Latin word order very closely, which is different from English word order:

Wyclif's Bible was followed later by William Tyndale, who translated the Bible into a more modern form of English, and used Greek manuscript sources for the first time. He was pursued for many years by Thomas More, whose agents finally caught him near Brussels in 1535. He was arrested, tried, convicted and executed by garrotte. His body was burnt at the stake.



Jens Jeremies

Jens Jeremies (born 5 March 1974) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.


Bayern Munich

Germany


Ferenc Puskás

Ferenc Puskás (2 April 1927 - 17 November 2006) was a Hungarian football striker, regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time. He played for Hungary national team and Spain national team. He died of pneumonia at the age of 79.

There is an award named after him. The award is called the FIFA Puskás Award. It is awarded to the player who scored the best goal in each year. In 2018, the award was won by Mohamed Salah. 

341||352
182||157
523||509

!Total||85||84

!Total||4||0

Michel Platini

Michel François Platini (born 21 June 1955) is a retired French footballer. He was the president of UEFA between 2007 and 2015. In 2015, he was banned from football due to ethics violations. He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time. He was the all-time top scorer for France between June 19, 1984 (when he overtook Just Fontaine's record) and October 17, 2007 (when Thierry Henry became France's top scorer). 

As a player, he played for Nancy-Lorraine, A.S. Saint-Étienne, and . He won 3 Ballon d'Ors as a player (1983, 1984, 1985).

Nancy

Saint-Étienne

Juventus

France

Individual

Individual





Hidetoshi Nakata

Nakata was born in Kofu on January 22, 1977. After graduating from Nirasaki High School, he joined J1 League club Bellmare Hiratsuka in 1995. He moved to Italian Serie A club Perugia. In January 2000, he moved to Roma. The club won the champions in the 2000/01 Serie A season. In summer 2001, he moved to Parma. From 2004, he played for Bologna, Fiorentina and English Premier League club Bolton Wanderers. He retired end of the 2005/06 season.

Nakata was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 1996 Summer Olympics. In first match against Brazil and Japan won Brazil (1-0). It was known as "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan. On May 21, 1997, he debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. After the debut, he became a regular player soon. In 1998, he was selected the Japan at 1998 World Cup and played all 3 matches. In 2000, he was selected U-23 Japan for 2000 Summer Olympics. He also played at 2002 and 2006 World Cup. He played 77 games and scored 11 goals for Japan until 2006.

85||16||8||1||18||3||colspan="2"|-||111||20
182||24||18||3||colspan="2"|-||23||3||223||30
21||1||3||0||2||0||6||0||26||1
288||41||29||4||20||3||29||3||366||51

!Total||77||11

Relient K

Relient K is an American band from Ohio. Their music has been considered Pop punk and Christian rock. They have released five studio albums and several EPs. Their album "The Bird and the Bee Sides" was released in July 2 2008.

There has been criticism about whether the band are in the Christian music genre. Not all the songs mention God or focus on Christian faith. Matt Thiessen has said "we really don't care, you can call us rock 'n roll or Christian rock or whatever, and we can tour with this band or that band, but at the end of the day, we're doing what we want, and writing from our hearts".

Relient K formed as a four member band back in 1998. At the time they were still attending high school. The members have changed a little since then, but the two Matthews are still there.

The song "Hoopes I did It Again", from their third album, may remind one of Britney Spears, but it's referring to Matt Hoopes' last name. In the song, during the first verse, the two Matts sing back to each other as if in a phone conversation.

For their fourth album, titled "Mmhmm", they added instruments like a banjo and another guitar player, because they wanted more piano in their music, and the addition of another guitar player made this possible for Matt. It can be pronounced different ways, and can also be written as "MMHMM" or "MmHmm".

Relient K is known for their brand of tongue-in cheek humor. Tongue-in-cheek meaning when words are said only half seriously. They used this in many of their earlier songs such as "Marilyn Manson Ate My Girlfriend" "Nancy Drew" (a song about the fictional character) and "May the Horse Be With You" (which clearly plays on the popular Star Wars phrase).

Their second album was indeed titled "The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek" although you could argue the third album used more humor.




Hieronymus Bosch

Hieronymus Bosch, (born Jeroen Anthonissen van Aken, c. 1450 – 9 August 1516) was an early Dutch painter. He lived, worked and died in 's-Hertogenbosch, a Dutch town. This was then the capital of the Duchy of Brabant, a region which included much of modern Belgium and Holland.

Many of his works depict temptation, sin and punishment in hell. The paintings have a dreamlike surreal quality, with sexual and sadistic images. The intent was probably serious, to warn of the punishment which awaited sinners in hell.

The paintings often look like, and certainly did influence, the modern art movement known as surrealism. Bosch used images of demons, half-human animals and machines, to evoke fear and confusion, and to portray the evil of man. His works contain complex, highly original, imaginative, and dense use of symbolic figures and iconography, some of which was obscure even in his own time.

Today only 25 paintings are known to be by him; Philip II of Spain collected some of the best, which are now in the Prado Museum, Madrid.

Bush (band)

Bush were a British post-grunge band, formed in London in 1992. Their debut album was the self-released "Sixteen Stone" in 1994. They have sold well over 10 million records in the United States. The band, while hugely successful in the United States, was less well known in their native UK and enjoyed only marginal success there.

Fell on Black Days

"Fell on Black Days" is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden, released in 1994 as the fifth single from the band's fourth studio album, "Superunknown" (1994). The song peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. It would later appear on the band's greatest hits album "A-Sides" and the 2007 Chris Cornell compilation "The Roads We Choose - A Retrospective".

The song was written by frontman Chris Cornell. The time signature of the song is in 6/4.

Cornell on the song:
"Fell on Black Days" was like this ongoing fear I've had for years...It's a feeling that everyone gets. You're happy with your life, everything's going well, things are exciting - when all of a sudden you realise you're unhappy in the extreme, to the point of being really, really scared. There's no particular event you can pin the feeling down to, it's just that you realise one day that everything in your life is FUCKED!

It was released as a single in many different versions, each with different B-sides. Several of the singles featured an original demo version of the song. This demo is completely different from the more familiar version. It features different lyrics and music, with considerably heavier drop-D guitar. Only the chorus contains lyrical similarities to the final version. Soundgarden performed this version live on Pearl Jam's "Self-Pollution" radio broadcast in early 1995.

It appeared on "Billboard" magazine's Hot 100 Airplay chart, peaking at number 54 in its tenth week and remaining on the chart until its twentieth week. The song peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 13 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.

Outside of the United States, the single was released in Australia and the United Kingdom. In Canada, the song reached the top 70 on the Canadian Singles Chart and remained in the top 70 for two weeks. "Fell on Black Days" reached the top 50 in the Netherlands and in Ireland it was a moderate top 20 success.

After the September 11, 2001 attacks, Clear Channel included the song on its list of possibly inappropriate songs.

In the music video, the band was filmed performing the song in-studio, with Brendan O'Brien producing the recording. The video was directed by Jake Scott. The video was released in November 1994. It is available on the CD-ROM "Alive in the Superunknown". The video version of the track can be found on the "Fell on Black Days" single and "Songs from the Superunknown".

A live version of the song appears on the "Black Hole Sun" and "Fell on Black Days" singles.

In 2005, when Audioslave toured with Seether, Cornell sang "Fell on Black Days" with Shaun Morgan, Seether's lead vocalist.

In 2006, Classic Case did a cover of "Fell on Black Days" on the band's "Black Unicorn" Split EP with "He is Legend".












Scarborough railway station

Scarborough railway station is a railway station in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. It opened in 1845. It is one of the eastern termini (end stations) of the North TransPennine route operated by First TransPennine Express. It is also at the northern end of the Yorkshire Coast Line. It has the longest station seat in the world, in length.

Until 1950 it served a line to Pickering. Until 1965 it served a line from Whitby.

From Monday to Saturdays there is normally an hourly First TransPennine Express service to York, Leeds, Manchester Piccadilly and Liverpool Lime Street. There is a two-hourly service to Bridlington and Hull on the Yorkshire Coast Line.

On Sundays there is a two-hourly service to York and beyond. There is also a summer only two-hourly service to Hull.

East Midlands Trains provide a limited direct summertime service to St Pancras International along the Midland Main Line. It goes via Sheffield and Leicester.


Methil

Methil is a town in Fife, Scotland. There used to be a power station there.

Chris Brown (album)

Chris Brown is the self-titled debut album by American R&B recording artist Chris Brown. It was released on November 29, 2005 by Jive Records. The album also earned Brown his first two Grammy nominations for Best New Artist and Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2006. The album is mainly a hip hop and R&B album.



Through the winter, Brown joined the Scream V Encore Tour, featuring Ciara, Bow Wow, Omarion and Marques Houston, as a supporting act. Later, he headlined the Xbox 360 Presents: Chris Brown Tour, supported by T-Pain.


Economy of Pakistan

Pakistan is a nation with a diverse economy that include textiles, chemicals, food processing, agriculture and other industries. It is the 25th largest economy in the world.

National Stock Exchange of Pakistan

The Karachi Stock Exchange or KSE (founded 1947) is a stock exchange in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It is Pakistan's largest and oldest stock exchange and also South Asia's second oldest stock exchange.

Alexandra

Alexandra can refer to





Flora and fauna of Pakistan

Vast Indus plains have had vegetation taken away to grow crops. Very little wildlife lives there and only animals like the jackal, mongoose, jungle cat, civet cat, scaly anteater, desert cat and the wild hare live in these areas.

Parts of Thal desert and Cholistan desert are now being irrigated. The Chinkara is the only animal living there now. The blackbuck, who lived there once in big numbers, is now extinct. However, efforts are being made to reintroduce them back into the country.

Irrigated forest plantations are now being made. These give very good conditions for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull to live in.

The striped hyena and the wolf are found almost everywhere in the country. However, little is known about the black bear and brown bear populations.

Birds of prey like the peregrine, cherrug or saker falcons, tawny eagle, imperial and greater spotted eagles, osprey, awesome
shikra, and the black-winged kite live throughout Pakistan but their population statuses are unknown.


Resurrection of Jesus

In the New Testament, Jesus is crucified, dies, is buried within a tomb, and resurrected (came back to life) three days later. Christians celebrate the resurrection at Easter. Easter and Christmas are the most important Christian holidays.

Christians believe that Jesus is the son of God. They believe that the best proof of this is that he came back to life after his death. In Christian theology, the death, resurrection, and return to heaven of Jesus are the most important events of the Christian faith. The Nicene Creed states: "On the third day he rose again in accordance with the Scriptures". According to Terry Miethe, a Christian philosopher at Oxford University, the question " 'Did Jesus rise from the dead?' is the most important question regarding the claims of the Christian faith." According to John R. Rice, a Baptist evangelist, the resurrection of Jesus was part of God's plan for forgiving people by paying the penalty for man's sin. The Catholic church teaches: 

Compared to other ancient stories of men or Gods being resurrected from the dead, the historical evidence for the resurrection of Jesus is extensive and strong. 

All of these New Testament writers tell about the resurrection. 







Crucifixion of Jesus

The crucifixion of Jesus is an event recorded in all four Gospels in the Bible. The crucifixion happens after Jesus' arrest at Gethsemane and trial before Pontius Pilate. It includes his scourging, crucifixion on the cross, and burial. In Christian theology, the death of Jesus by crucifixion is a major event. (See salvation).

Christians believe that Jesus was God in human form. They believe that after he died on the Cross on Friday, he went down to Hell to free the souls of the people who had died before Jesus' coming. On Sunday, Christians believe that Jesus came back to life and left the tomb where he was buried. This is called the "resurrection". 

The crucifixion is, according to the Bible, necessary to Christianity. Christians believe that Jesus suffered very much on the cross as a way of paying for, or suffering the punishment for all of mankind's sins (bad actions, thoughts, and deeds). By taking on all of this suffering, mankind was freed from the punishment that God should have given to man (because of man's weakness and bad choices in life).

The crucifixion itself is a very sad event as Jesus had to suffer horribly. His friends and his own mother had to see it. However, Christians believe this was necessary for him to come back to life and to show that death had no power over him. Through the crucifixion, Christians believe that God has set us free and shown to the world that Jesus is God and that life is forever. According to the Bible, Jesus sacrificed himself for all of mankind not only to show his love but also to pay the penalty of our sin, restore our relationship with God, and to destroy the power of death and the grave.

A "passion play" is a play that tells this story of Jesus' trial and then his crucifixion. A recent version, "The Passion of the Christ", was produced and released by Mel Gibson. It was and still is very popular with Christians and non-Christians alike.

Jim Ross

James William "Jim" Ross (born January 3, 1951) is an American professional wrestling commentator. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is also known by his nicknames Good Ol' J.R. or simply J.R.. Ross is a restaurateur, former professional wrestling commentator and former company executive. He is most well known for working for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as a play-by-play commentator. He was born in Fort Bragg, California.

He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007 and is widely regarded as one of the greatest commentators in wrestling history.

On April 3, 2019, Ross signed a three-year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Ross has Bell's palsy. In October 2021, Ross tweeted that he was diagnosed with skin cancer. Two months later, Ross tweeted that he was cancer free.

King of the Ring

King of the Ring is a professional wrestling single-elimination tournament held by World Wrestling Entertainment. The tournament was held annually from 1985 to 2002 (except for 1992), and from 1993 until 2002, the tournament was produced as a pay-per-view event.

John Layfield

John Charles Layfield (born November 29, 1966), better known by the ring names Bradshaw and John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL), is an American retired professional wrestler and football player. 
Layfield is working for the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) since 1995, currently as a commentator and manager. Outside of wrestling, he works as a financial analyst for Fox News and has also commentated and hosted for the mixed martial arts promotion Vyper Fight League. 

He has won many titles in his career: He most famously held the WWE Championship one time for 280 days, the Hardcore Championship 17 times and the WWF Tag Team Championship three times with Faarooq as the Acolytes Protection Agency (APA). Layfield was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2021.



Mary J. Blige

Mary Jane Blige (born January 11, 1971) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She is often referred to as "The Queen of Hip Hop Soul", due to her music mainly being R&B mixed with hip hop and soul. She has released 11 studio albums, 82 singles, and 8 other albums.

In 1988, Blige recorded an cover of Anita Baker's "Caught Up in the Rapture" at a recording booth in a local mall. Her mother's boyfriend at the time played the cassette for Jeff Redd, a recording artist and A&R runner for Uptown Records. Redd then sent it to the president and CEO of the label, Andre Harrell. Harrell met with Blige and, in 1989, she joined the label, becoming the company's youngest and first female artist. 

Production for Blige's first album, "Whats the 411?", began in 1991. Sean "Puffy" Combs (at the time a beginning A&R executive at Uptown) organised the project. Also enlisted were some of the top R&B and hip hop producers of the time, among them are Tony Dofat, Mark Morales and Cory Rooney, Dave "Jam" Hall, and DeVante Swing.

In 2014, Blige toured with R. Kelly called "The King and Queen Tour".

Blige is a Democrat.

Dancing Beijing

Dancing Beijing is the name of the symbol of the 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing in China. It was shown in August 2003 in a ceremony attended by 2,008 people in Beijing.

The symbol draws on Chinese culture, showing a red Chinese seal above the words "Beijing 2008" and the Olympic rings. The seal is written with a calligraphic rendition of the Chinese character 京 ("jīng", meaning 'capital', from the name of the host city) in the form of a dancing figure. The curves are also claimed to show the body of a wriggling dragon. The open arms of the figure show China inviting the world to share in its culture. The figure also looks like that of a runner. Red, is an important colour in Chinese society, often meaning good luck.

The logo was created by Guo Chunning. There was only one picture among the 1,985 entries givin by designers from China and others. Other entries included a lot Great Walls, pandas and dragons. Other designers include Chang Wu (張武).

Exploration

Exploration is the act of searching an unfamiliar area in order to learn about it. It involves the discovery of new information. Human beings explore even when they have everything they need where they are. They are the only mammal that does this. 

Neanderthals existed for hundreds of thousands of years in Eurasia. But their range was limited compared to modern humans. In less than 500,000 years humans have explored and spread out to all the continents. Exploration had its most dramatic rise during the Age of Discovery. This is when European explorers sailed and charted much of the rest of the world. Humans have explored geographically even into outer space. They explore ideas, art, even the very nature of life.

The Phoenicians were a culture that existed in the coastal region of the Levant as early as the 3rd millennium BC. They were not a significant culture until about 1100 BC. By the 9th century BC the Phoenicians had became the dominant culture in the Mediterranean Sea. They grew wealthy through trade. Instead of war they used trade agreements and alliances to expand their colonies. The Phoenicians developed advanced navigational skills and had the best ships in the Mediterranean. They explored over land routes and developed caravan routes to trade with distant places. Carthage got its start as a Phoenician colony on the north coast of Africa. It grew to be their largest and most successful colony. 
Gradually the western Mediterranean Phoenician colonies all came under the control of Carthage. The Carthaginians were explorers too. Two major explorations are mentioned by early writers. Both took place around 500 BC. Pliny the Elder wrote that Carthage sent an explorer named Himilco to explore the remote parts of Europe. The report, or "periplus" (sailing record), has not survived but other early writers have seen it. He had as many as 60 ships in his fleet. He would have traveled along the Iberian Peninsula up the coast of Gaul. Avienus, a Roman writer of the 4th century AD, wrote about the expedition. Himilco moved north from Brittany to the British Isles. It is likely he was looking for tin, a rare metal at the time. He reached a land called , “The Holy Island”, generally believed to be Ireland.
About the same time, Hanno the Navigator was sent to explore the western coast of Africa. His periplus has survived and is one of the earliest surviving manuscripts. The periplus records landmarks, ports and sailing distance between them. It is a guide for other ship captains to follow. Hanno's 60 ships moved south along the African coast. He may have reached as far as an island off the coast of Sierra Leone. There is no record of any other explorations of the west Africa coast until the time of Henry the Navigator, the Portuguese explorer.

One of the first scientific explorers was Pytheas of Massalia. He was an ancient Greek from the then Greek colony of Massalia (now Marseille). He made a voyage to northwestern Europe in about 325 BC. He circumnavigated Great Britain. Pytheas was the first person on record to describe the Midnight Sun. He is the first known scientific visitor and reporter of the Arctic polar ice. His account of the tides is the earliest known to suggest the moon as their cause.

During the 2nd century BC, the Han dynasty explored much of the eastern part of the Northern Hemisphere. In 139 BC, the Han diplomat Zhang Qian traveled west in an unsuccessful attempt to secure an alliance with the Da Yuezhi. He discovered countries the Chinese did not even know existed. He had traveled as far as the Indus River in northwestern India.

During the Viking Age Three different groups of Vikings can be identified from different parts of Scandinavia. The Danes, Swedes (also called the "Rus") and Norwegian vikings. The 'Rus', founded the settlement of Kiev. Named for themselves they called it Russland (later known as Russia). Swedish Viking explorer Garðar Svavarsson was the first to circumnavigate Iceland in 870 and establish that it was an island. About 890 CE Vikings, led by Ohthere of Norway, traveled north above the Arctic Circle to the White Sea. 

About 982, the Norwegian Erik the Red explored Greenland. In 986 he returned to Iceland, from where he sailed. He convinced others to follow him and founded the first settlement there. By the year 1000 there were a thousand settlers living there. Erik's second of three sons, Leif Erikson was probably the first European to set foot on North America. He landed at a place he called "Vinland".

Marco Polo (1254-1324) was a Venetian merchant and explorer. He traveled across Asia during the height of the Mongol Empire. He was one of the first Europeans to explore Eastern Asia. He left Venice at age 17 with his father and uncle. They traveled what later became the Silk Road. They reached Cathay (China) where Marco Polo entered the court of Kublai Khan. He traveled and explored China for 24 years. He brought back ivory, jade, jewels, porcelain and silk. He brought back many other things including noodles from China which the Italians called pasta.

This was a period in European history from the early 15th century to the early 17th century. During this relatively short period of time, the way Europeans saw the world was completely changed. The European powers sent ships around the world to search for new trading routes. They were in search of trading goods such as gold, silver and spices. In the process, Europeans discovered new people and lands completely unknown to them. Some of the explorers of this age are:







There are many reasons humans explore outer space. It was first explored with human eyes. Ancient men mapped the universe they could see. Then came the invention of telescopes. In the mid-20th century man actually began exploring space with rockets and spacecraft. The most important reasons are scientific research and the interest of humans to learn more about the universe. Space exploration has developed new technologies. It has created new products and new industries.

In scientific research, exploration is one of three purposes of empirical research. The other two are description and explanation. The term is commonly used metaphorically. For example, a person may speak of exploring the Internet, exploring sexuality, or concepts one cannot physically explore.



Lactobacillus

Lactobacillus is a genus of bacteria. Most "Lactobacillus" species are non-spore-forming and ferment glucose into lactose. This genus also contains several bacteria that make up part of the natural flora of the human vagina.
They are really helpful in the gut. It is a rod-shaped non-spore forming bacteria. It can be found in foods like yogurt. 

Waterford F.C.

Waterford United F.C. is a football club which plays in Republic of Ireland.



Montpellier HSC

Montpellier H.S.C. is a football club which plays in France.


AS Monaco F.C.

A.S. Monaco F.C. is a football club which plays in Monaco. It plays in the French football league system, and currently plays in the Ligue 1.




Olympique de Marseille

Olympique de Marseille (Occitan: "Olimpic de Marselha") is a football club from France. The club competes in Ligue 1. It was founded in 1899. Its home stadium is Stade Vélodrome in Marseille.

Olympique de Marseille has won the Ligue 1 9 times, the French Cup 10 times and 2 League Cups. It has also won the UEFA Champions League in 1993.


Arsène Wenger

Arsène Wenger (born 22 October 1949) is a French football manager. He has been managing Arsenal (1996-2018). 
He has won the Premier League and the FA Cup and also made it to the Champions League final.

11||0||2||0||13||0
11||0||2||0||13||0

John Arne Riise

John Arne Riise (born 24 September 1980) is a Norwegian football player. He played for Roma and the Norway national football team before retiring in 2016

25||5||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||25||5
44||4||0||0||2||0||9||1||55||5
234||21||15||3||14||2||76||4||339||30
31||2||2||0||colspan="2"|-||8||0||41||2
334||32||17||3||16||2||93||5||460||42

!Total||85||12

Patrick Vieira

Patrick Vieira (born 23 June 1976) is a French professional football head coach and former player. He was the manager of Crystal Palace from 2021 to 2023. He played for Arsenal and France national team.


AC Milan

Arsenal

Inter Milan
Manchester City

France

Individual


Manchester City EDS

David Seaman

David Seaman (born 19 September 1963) is an English retired football player. He has played for England national team as well as many other league teams.

Seaman was a contestant on the first series of "Dancing on Ice" in 2006.

Arsenal

Individual

Luther Blissett

Luther Loide Blissett (born 1 February 1958) is a Jamaican-born former English football player. He has played for England national team.

554||208
30||5
584||213

!Total||14||3

Chinese architecture

Chinese architecture refers to the architecture of China. Sometimes it might also mean architecture outside of China but built in the same style. Chinese architecture is very influential in East Asia where many other countries and cultures' architecture also modeled upon it. Well known example of Chinese architecture are the Great Wall of China and the Forbidden City.

Jimmy Greaves

Jimmy Greaves (20 February 1940 – 19 September 2021) was an English football player. He played for England national team.

A.C. Milan

Tottenham Hotspur

England

Individual

Eugenio Corini

Eugenio Corini (born 30 July 1970) is a former Italian football player.

Palermo

Individual

Brescia

Vasile Miriuţă

Vasile Miriuţă (born 19 September 1968) is a football manager and former player. He has played for Hungary national team.

29||4
165||40
27||3
133||23
354||70

!Total||9||1

Jerzy Dudek

Jerzy Henryk Dudek (born 23 March 1973) is a retired Polish football player. He retired in 2011.

15||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||15||0
139||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||16||0||155||0
126||0||9||0||11||0||38||0||184||0
1||0||6||0||0||0||1||0||8||0
281||0||15||0||11||0||55||0||362||0

!Total||60||0

Henrik Larsson

Henrik Larsson (born 20 September, 1971) is a former Swedish football player. He has played for the Sweden national team.

209||113||13||5||15||12||237||130
101||26||29||7||19||9||149||42
221||174||38||18||49||34||299||226
40||13||colspan="2"|-||14||2||54||14
7||1||4||1||2||1||13||3
578||327||84||31||99||58||761||416

!Total||105||37

Ian Wright

Ian Edward Wright MBE (born 3 November 1963) is a British footballer and television personality. He has played for England national team. He is the adopted father of Shaun Wright-Phillips and the father of Bradley Wright-Phillips.

493||241||||||||
8||3||||||||
501||244||||||||

!Total||33||9

Clyde Best

Clyde Best (born 24 February 1951) is a former football player. He has played for Bermuda national team.

He was awarded an Order of the British Empire.

When Clyde Best was 16, he moved from Bermuda to England.

He played for West Ham United F.C.

Best made his first goal on 3 September 1969. He had 218 games and 58 goals with West Ham.

Then he played in the Dutch Eredivisie for the Feyenoord. Lated he joined some American teams (Tampa Bay Rowdies, Toronto Blizzard and Portland Timbers).

Edgar Davids

Edgar Davids (born 13 March 1973) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

Ajax

Juventus

Inter Milan

Netherlands

Individual

Marc-Vivien Foé

Marc-Vivien Foé (1 May 1975 – 26 June 2003) is a former Cameroonian football player. He played for the Cameroonian national team.

128||14||||||||||128||14
73||10||1||0||5||0||79||10
201||24||1||0||5||0||207||24

!Total||||

Ian Hamilton

Ian Hamilton is a former football player.

Olympique Lyonnais

Olympique Lyonnais is a football club which plays in France.



F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux

F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux is a football club which plays in France.


Glasgow Central station

Glasgow Central station is a railway station in Glasgow, Scotland. It first opened in 1879.

Mary of Teck

Mary of Teck (Victoria Mary Augusta Louise Olga Pauline Claudine Agnes; 26 May 1867 – 24 March 1953) was the queen consort of King George V of the United Kingdom and Emperor of India. She was the mother of Edward VIII later Duke of Windsor George VI and grandmother of Queen Elizabeth II Queen of the United Kingdom and Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon. She was the Great grandmother of the current King Charles III of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth realms

By birth, Mary was a member of the House of Teck in Berlin, Germany, and through her mother, she was a distant member of the British Royal Family. Within her family, she was given the nickname "May" after the month of her birth.

Princess Mary was born at Kensington Palace in London on 26 May 1867. Her mother was Princess Mary Adelaide, a daughter of Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge, and a granddaughter of King George III and first cousin of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. Her father was Francis, Duke of Teck. Due to her parent's financial troubles, Princess Mary spent much of her early life abroad in order to economize, the Tecks returned to London in 1883, living at White Lodge in Richmond Park.

In 1891, Princess Mary, who was liked by Queen Victoria, became engaged to her double second cousin once removed Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest son of Prince Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. Prince Albert Victor was the heir to the throne after his father, bringing Princess Mary and her family to the senior end of the Royal Family. However, a few weeks before the wedding, Prince Albert Victor died of influenza. Nevertheless, Queen Victoria still favored Mary as a royal bride and therefore arranged for her to marry Albert Victor's brother, Prince George, created Duke of York. They were married at St. James's Palace, London, on 6 July 1893. 

Princess Mary was devoted to her children and to her public duties. She left her children in the care of a nanny, Charlotte "Lalla" Bill, and taught her children history and music. With her public duties, she was equally devoted, becoming Patron of a number of charities. When her father-in-law became King Edward VII, Prince George and Princess Mary undertook an eight-month tour of the British Empire. No royal had undertaken such a big tour before. Princess Mary broke down in tears at the thought of leaving her children, though they were in the care of their doting grandparents. 

In 1910, Edward VII died, and Prince George ascended the throne as George V. Mary thus became Queen. During the First World War, Queen Mary was criticized for her German heritage. The conflict with Germany forced George V to change the name of the Royal House from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to Windsor. He also stripped all titles from those members of the Royal Family who fought for Germany. Following the war, Queen Mary continued her public duties and suffered a family tragedy when she lost her youngest son, Prince John. In 1935, King George celebrated his Silver Jubilee, commemorating 25 years of his reign, and Queen Mary accompanied him during the official tours and visits that took place. Queen Mary used her extensive knowledge of history and royal protocol to advise and support her husband on matters of state.

In 1936, King George V died. His death was shortened by an injection of morphine and cocaine, administered by his doctor. Queen Mary supported her son, now King Edward VIII, during his reign. In December, however, the King abdicated the throne because he wished to marry a divorced American commoner, Wallis Simpson. 

This put his brother, Prince Albert, Duke of York, in his place as King George VI. King George VI was shy and was at first reluctant to take on his new duties and responsibilities. Queen Mary and his wife, Queen Elizabeth later Queen mother , supported him in his new role. The former King Edward VIII became the Duke of Windsor, went to live in Paris, and had a cool relationship with his family in England. No member of the family attended his wedding to Wallis in 1937, and she was never received by Queen Mary.

During the Second World War, Queen Mary lived at Badminton House, owned by her niece's husband, the Duke of Beaufort. She continued her duties and supported the war effort. Following the war, she returned to her pre-war home, Marlborough House. She continued her public duties in old age, surviving to see her granddaughter, Elizabeth, ascend the throne as Queen Elizabeth II. After suffering from lung cancer (described publicly as "gastric problems"), Queen Mary died of the disease at Marlborough House on 24 March 1953. She lay in state at Westminster Hall before being buried beside her husband at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. She survived her husband by 17 years and outlive three of her children, Prince John of the United Kingdom and Prince George Duke of Kent and King George VI.

Marlborough House

Marlborough House is a mansion in Westminster, London, England. It was built for a royal favourite, Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, in 1711. Following her death, it passed to the hands of successive Dukes of Marlborough. 

In 1817, it became Crown property. It was used by members of the royal family, including Queen Adelaide. It served as a base for the predecessor of the Royal College of Art, the "National Art Training School". In 1861, Marlborough House was made the Prince of Wales's London residence. It was used by him for the next 40 years, until he became king in 1901. It continued as a royal residence, and was last used by Queen Mary until 1953. After her death, her granddaughter, Queen Elizabeth II, gave the house to the Commonwealth Secretariat, which continues to use it today.


Richmond Park

Richmond Park is a 955 hectare (2,360 acres) park in outer London. Originally, it was outside London, in Surrey. It is now in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.

The park was created by Charles I in the 17th century as a deer park. It is the largest of London's Royal Parks. It is of national and international importance for wildlife conservation. The park is a national nature reserve, a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Special Area of Conservation. It is included, at Grade I, on the "Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England". 

It is the largest of the eight Royal Parks in London, and is famous for red and fallow deer. It is about three times the size of Central Park in New York (341 hectares or 843 acres).

Notable features in the park include Pembroke Lodge, once the home of the British Prime Minister Lord John Russell. Also in the park is White Lodge, home of the Royal Ballet School and once a royal residence. One house in the park, Thatched House Lodge, is the residence of Princess Alexandra. 

The park is fully open to the public, with access by road, bicycles and pedestrians. 

Brantridge Park

Brantridge Park is a former royal residence in Balcombe, West Sussex, England. It was owned by Princess Alice, and her husband Alexander Cambridge, the first Earl of Athlone. Following the Athlone's departure to Canada as viceroy and viceregal consort, it was occupied by Princess Beatrice, the youngest daughter of Queen Victoria. Beatrice died there in 1945. It is now a hotel operated by Timeshare.

Osborne House

Osborne House is a former royal residence East Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England. It was in purchased by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1845. The solent reminded by Prince Albert of the Gulf of Naples, but the old house was too small for their needs, and the house was demolished and rebuilt by Thomas Cubitt in the Italianate style.

The house became a family home, as Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were determined to bring their children up in a natural and loving environment. Within the grounds was a smaller structure, Swiss Cottage, which was where the royal children played and learned practical skills, such as cooking and farming. The children often entertained their parents here, and Queen Victoria used the simplicity of the cottage to deal with personal correspondence. 

Following Prince Albert's death in 1861, Osborne became an effective mausoleum in his memory. Queen Victoria used the house as a retreat away from public life. She died there on 22 January 1901, and her son, King Edward VII, gave the house to the nation. It was used as a naval training school, and then a convalescent home for officers. During the Second World War, Adolf Hitler ordered that the estate was not to be bombed because he wanted to use it as a post-war retreat. 

Docetism

Docetism is an early Christian teaching that says that Jesus only appeared to have a human body. The term comes from "dokein": "to seem". 

Early Gnostics, whose teachings began to threaten Christian doctrine and theology, believed all matter was unclean. For this reason, Christ could not have a physical body, as he was seen as the eternal Logos. 

Today, it is unclear where this teaching came from. It might have been influenced by the teachings of Plato. Plato taught that only ideas mattered and that matter itself was inferior. 

Many Gnostic teachings are docetic. For a long time, people believed that docetism and Gnosticism were developed together. This is however not the case, there are also some Gnostic systems that are not docetic, as well as some docetic systems that are not gnostic. 

Today, most Christian theologians see docetism as a heresy. 

List of British royal residences

This is a list of residences occupied by the British Royal family, noting the seasons of the year they are traditionally occupied.

Members of the British Royal Family live in many different residences around the United Kingdom. Some are royal palaces, owned by the state and held in trust by the monarch; others are privately owned. Balmoral Castle and Sandringham House have been inherited as private property for several generations. Other royal palaces are no longer residences (e.g. the Palace of Westminster, the Palace of Whitehall). Some remain in irregular use for royal occasions. The Royal Palaces enjoy certain legal privileges, for example there is an exemption from levying duty on alcoholic beverages sold in the bars at the Palace of Westminster and there are exemptions from Health and Safety legislation.

The occupied royal residences of are cared for and maintained by the Royal Household Property Section. The unoccupied royal palaces of England are now within the responsibility of the Historic Royal Palaces Agency.

Tazz

Peter Senerchia (born October 11, 1967), is an American retired professional wrestler and current color commentator best known by his ring name Tazz, (originally Tazmaniac and later shortened to simply Taz). As of 2024, he woks for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) as a commentator. He is also known for his work in Eastern/Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He retired as a wrestler in 2002 and has since performed as a commentator and manager .

He won the ECW World Heavyweight Championship and the ECW World Television Championship two-times each, the tag team championship four-times (three times in ECW and once in the WWF) and the WWF Hardcore Championship three times. He is also the creator and the first holder the FTW Heavyweight Championship, an unofficial championship competed for in ECW and AEW. His son Tyler also works in AEW under the ring name Hook.



Lille OSC

Lille O.S.C. is a football club which plays in France.

Based in the northern city of Lille founded in 1944 from the merger of the Olympique Lillois (founded in 1902) and the S.C. Fives (founded in 1901).


Prince Andrew, Duke of York

Prince Andrew, Duke of York, (Andrew Albert Christian Edward, born 19 February 1960) is a member of the British Royal Family, the second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip. 

He has been titled Duke of York (as well as Earl of Inverness and Baron Killyleagh) since 1986, and is eighth in line to succession to the British throne. Andrew is the first in line to not be a descendant of the current reigning monarch.

As Duke of York, Andrew undertook official duties and engagements on behalf of the Queen. He served as the UK's Special Representative for International Trade and Investment for 10 years until July 2011. Andrew resigned from his royal duties in November 2019.

Prince Andrew was born at Buckingham Palace in London. He went to Heatherdown Preparatory School in Berkshire, England, and Gordonstoun in Scotland. 

Prince Andrew did not go to university, he went to Britannia Royal Naval College instead. In the Navy, he served in the Falklands War, despite controversy due to the possibility amongst Parliament of the Queen’s son losing their life. He became a commander in 1999 and an honorary captain in 2001.

In 1986, Prince Andrew married Sarah Ferguson, the younger daughter of Ronald Ferguson, the polo manager for the Prince of Wales. They have two daughters from the marriage: Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. Andrew and Sarah separated in 1992, and divorced in May 1996. Their marriage, separation in 1992, and divorce in 1996 attracted extensive media coverage. 

Andrew has been accused of child sexual abuse by Virginia Giuffre (née Roberts) who alleges that, at the age of 17, she was sex-trafficked to Andrew by financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Andrew categorically denied said allegation. 

In November 2019, Prince Andrew was interviewed for the BBC television programme "Newsnight" on 16 November 2019. The interviewer talked about the Prince's friendship with the convicted child sex offender Jeffrey Epstein; They met thru Ghislaine Maxwell. The interview was very bad for the British royal family, because many people who saw the interview thought Prince Andrew was unsympathetic to Epstein's victims.

Due to sexual abuse allegations, Andrew resigned from public roles in 2020. Andrew was the defendant in a sexual assault lawsuit by Giuffre in 2022, which Andrew settled out of court in February.

On February 15, 2022 a lawsuit against Andrew, was settled; The lawsuit never went to trial. Andrew [was] a defendant in a lawsuit - Virginia Giuffre v. Prince Andrew - at the lower courts of the federal court system of the United States. The civil lawsuit (see civil law), says that he had sex in 2001 with a female (Virginia Giuffre) that was 17 years old; Prince Andrew "has strongly denied any wrongdoing", media said.

In 2022, he gave back his honorary military titles and royal patronages. He has the rank "Vice-Admiral".




He had military appointments:

In Canada he holds the following military appointments:

An earlier appointment was Colonel-in-Chief of the Royal Highland Fusiliers of Canada.

In New Zealand he had military appointments:

In the UK he had military appointments:

The Duke's personal coat of arms are those of the Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom with a label for difference: "Quarterly (by quarters):

The whole differenced by a Label of three points Argent the central point charged with an "Anchor Azure". The anchor is in reference to his naval career.

The arms are identical to those his grandfather George VI used when still Duke of York.

Jinnah International Airport

Jinnah International Airport (previously Quaid-e-Azam International Airport) (IATA: KHI, ICAO: OPKC) is Pakistan's largest international and domestic airport. It is located in Karachi, in Sindh, and is also commonly known as the Jinnah Terminal.




Demi Lovato

Demetria Devonne Lovato (born August 20, 1992) is an American singer-songwriter, philanthropist, and actress. Lovato was first in "Barney & Friends" (2002–2004), but became more popular from being in the television movies "Camp Rock" (2008) and its sequel "" (2010). 

One of the songs on the first "Camp Rock" movie was "This Is Me", which Lovato sang with Joe Jonas. This song was popular and was in the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Demetria Devonne Lovato was born on August 20, 1992 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. She was the child of an engineer and musician Patrick Martin Lovato (March 12, 1951 – June 22, 2013) and former Dallas Cowboys cheerleader Dianna Lee Hart (born Dianna Lee Smith; August 8, 1962). Lovato has an older sister, Dallas (born February 4, 1988); a younger maternal half-sister, actress Madison De La Garza (born December 28, 2001), and an older paternal half-sister, Amber, to whom she first spoke to when she was 20.
Lovato's parents divorced in the late summer of 1994, shortly after her second birthday. Lovato's father was of Mexican, Indigenous Mexican, Jewish, Portuguese and Spanish descent, and her mother is of Italian, English, Scottish and Irish ancestry. Patrick's patrilineal great-grandmother, Maria Cristina Perea, was a daughter of Civil War Union veteran Francisco Perea (1830–1913) and a great-granddaughter of Santa Fe de Nuevo México governor Francisco Xavier Chávez. She received her high-school diploma through homeschooling in April 2009. She began playing piano at age seven and guitar at ten, when she also began dancing and acting classes. Lovato told Ellen DeGeneres that she was bullied so much that she asked for homeschooling.

As a solo musical artist, Lovato released her first album, "Don't Forget", on September 23, 2008. The album started at number two on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 89,000 copies in the first week. It has since shipped over 500,000 copies in the United States. This earned it a gold certification in the United States. Lovato released her second album, "Here We Go Again", on July 21, 2009. The album started at number one on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 108,000 copies in the first week. Her third studio album, "Unbroken", was released on September 20, 2011. It peaked at number four on the "Billboard" 200. Her fourth studio album is "Demi". It reached #3 on the "Billboard" 200.

Lovato released her third album, "Unbroken", on September 20, 2011. Begun in July 2010, the album experimented with R&B and featured less pop rock. The album and the stylistic change received mixed to positive reviews from critics, who saw a growth in musicianship because of her struggles and have praised Lovato's vocals but found the music more generic than her previous efforts. The record was a commercial success, peaking at number four on the "Billboard" 200, with sales exceeding 97,000 copies in its first week of release, and going on to sell over 500,000 copies in the United States, being certified Gold.

The album's lead single, "Skyscraper", was acclaimed for its messages of self-worth and confidence, peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, selling 176,000 downloads during the first week of release, becoming Lovato's highest first week sales, until the release of "Heart Attack" by Lovato in 2013. The song also Lovato's highest-peaked single since "This Is Me" reached number nine in August 2008. The song also debuted at number two on the Hot Digital Songs chart. "Skyscraper" received the Best Video with a Message award at the September 2012 MTV Video Music Awards. The album's second and final single, "Give Your Heart a Break", peaked "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 16, making Lovato's fourth highest peaking song. Also, it has peaked at number 12 on the US Adult Top 40 chart, number 1 on the US Pop Songs chart and became the longest climb by a female artist to #1 in the Pop Songs chart history. In April 2014, the song was certified three-times platinum by the RIAA; as of October 2014, it has sold 2.1 million digital copies.

Lovato released her fourth studio album, "Demi", on May 14, 2013. It became a top-three album in the US. The album’s first single, "Heart Attack", reached number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The next two singles, “Neon Lights” and “Really Don’t Care” with British singer Cher Lloyd, reached the top 40 and were both certified platinum.

Her fifth studio album, "Confident", was her first album to have a Parental Advisory label. It entered the "Billboard" 200 album chart at number two and was released on October 16, 2015. "Confident" became her first album issued through Island Records and Safehouse, a label she formed with singer-actor Nick Jonas. The first single from "Confident", “Cool for the Summer”, reached number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified platinum in the US and became her first top-ten hit in the UK. The single “Confident” was performed at the 2016 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in support of Hillary Clinton. “Stone Cold” was issued as the third single from "Confident". The album gave Lovato her first Grammy Award nomination when it was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album.

Lovato released her sixth studio album, "Tell Me You Love Me", on September 29, 2017. It opened at number three on the "Billboard" 200 album chart in the US. It featured the single “Sorry Not Sorry”, which became her highest-charting song in the US when it reached number six on the Hot 100. It also reached number nine in the UK. Lovato performed this song at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards. The promotional singles “Tell Me You Love Me” and “You Don’t Do It for Me Anymore” were also released from the album.

Lovato released her sixth studio album, "Dancing with the Devil… the Art of Starting Over", on April 2, 2021.

In 2007 and 2008, Lovato played Charlotte Adams on the Disney Channel short series "As the Bell Rings". Lovato auditioned for the channel's television film "Camp Rock" and series "Sonny with a Chance" during the summer of 2007, and got both parts. Lovato played the lead character, aspiring singer Mitchie Torres, in "Camp Rock". The film premiered on June 20, 2008 to 8.9 million viewers.

Lovato's Disney Channel sitcom "Sonny with a Chance", with her character Sonny Munroe the newest cast member of the show-within-a-show "So Random!", premiered on February 8. Lovato's acting ability was described by Robert Lloyd of the "Los Angeles Times" as "very good", and he compared them favorably to "Hannah Montana" star (and friend) Miley Cyrus. That June, she co-starred as Princess Rosalinda with Selena Gomez in the Disney Channel film, "Princess Protection Program". The film, the third highest-rated Disney Channel original movie, premiered to 8.5 million viewers.

In May Lovato guest-starred as a teenage schizophrenic in the sixth-season "Grey's Anatomy" episode, "Shiny Happy People". Critics praised her versatility.

"", with Lovato reprising her role as Mitchie Torres, premiered on September 3, 2010. The film premiered to eight million viewers, the number-one cable-television movie of the year by the number of viewers.

That month Lovato also announced her departure from "Sonny with a Chance", putting her acting career on hiatus and ending the series; she later said that she would return to acting when she felt confident doing so. Her departure led to the spin-off series "So Random!" with the "Sonny" cast, featuring sketches from the former show-within-a-show. The series was cancelled after one season.

In May, she became a judge for the second season of the American version of "The X Factor", with a reported salary of one million dollars. Joining Britney Spears, Simon Cowell and L.A. Reid, it was speculated that she were chosen to attract a younger audience. Mentoring the Young Adults category, her final act (CeCe Frey) finished sixth. At the Minnesota State Fair in August, Lovato announced that after a pre-show performance at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards she would release a single by December. On December 24, she released a video on her YouTube account of themselves singing "Angels Among Us" dedicated to the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. In March she was confirmed as returning for "The X Factor"s third season, with her salary reportedly doubling.

Lovato has an eating disorder and has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Lovato’s father, Patrick, died of cancer on June 22, 2013, at age 53. On October 17, 2017, Lovato released a YouTube documentary called "Demi Lovato: Simply Complicated", in which she described her teenage use of cocaine and performing on "American Idol" while hungover. Lovato considers having the right support system to be lifesaving.

On July 24, 2018, the Los Angeles Police Department arrived at Lovato's home for Lovato suffering an alleged drug overdose. She was later revealed to be in stable condition.

In 2021, Lovato said that she had multiple health problems because of the overdose, including multiple strokes, a heart attack, and brain damage, which caused vision problems.

She dated Joe Jonas, whom she first met while filming "Camp Rock" in 2007 through 2010. Lovato dated actor Wilmer Valderrama on-and-off from 2010 until 2016.

On May 19, 2021, Lovato announced that she was gender nonbinary and her shift to using singular "they" pronouns. She later changed her pronouns to include she/her in April 2022.


Road (sports)

Road game (short for on the road), better known as an away game, is a reference to all cities and stadia/arenas/fields/venues where an athletic team plays games for which they are not the host. 


Parqués

Parqués is a Colombian board game. The game is similar to those in the Cross and Circle family (the category that includes Pachisi). The game is described as a "random thinking" one: the moves depend on the roll of the dice but players must consider possible strategies before executing their move. The objective of the game is to advance all the pieces to the end.

Parqués is the Colombian version of Pachisi, which originated in India. Although it could be argued that the game comes from Spain due to the similarity between the games, there is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian. Parqués stems directly from Pachisi in the same way as Parcheesi, Parchís or Ludo. There is no proof to the claim that it stems from a country other than India. Moreover, no Parqués game is played in any other countries. Parqués is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture. Other Colombian variations also exist.

In Colombia, people from all parts of the country play the game; it is very popular, played by both children and adults. Adults usually play the game by betting money on the first piece, on capturing pieces, or on winning the game, to make gameplay more interesting. There are boards for 4, 6 and 8 players. The boards usually contain pictures of soccer teams, singers, actors, or other cultural figures on the jail boxes.

The board itself is usually placed on a box covered by glass. The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily. There are versions of the board that are made from paper to make it portable.

Parqués is played with two dice; two to eight players can compete in the same match, depending on what type of game board is used. Each player is given four pieces and uses a specific colour. The most common colours are red, blue, yellow and green, usually arranged in that order. The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces

The jail box is where the pieces are placed at the beginning of the match and is where they go whenever an opponent "captures" them. The player throws the dice three times and attempts to get a pair in order to "free" the pieces. Rolling different pairs or "doubles" allows more pieces to be "freed":


When the pieces are freed, they are placed in a special box next to the jail. This box is called "Home", or "Salida" (literally, "exit" in Spanish).

If a player does not roll any pairs during his turn, he passes the dice to the player on his right. Otherwise, he frees the pieces and wins an extra turn to move them. He throws again and must move the values of the dice with his pieces.

For example:

The player rolls 5-3

After he makes his move, he must pass his turn to the player on the right.

The pieces cannot go backwards and they cannot be in any of the four boxes before their "Home" box.

Each player can throw the dice once. There are some exceptions to this rule:


The player can capture an opponent’s piece by placing his own piece on the same box as the other player’s piece. However, he cannot capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box. Capturing in Colombia is called “eating” (“comer” in Spanish).

However, the player can capture pieces on his HOME box. When he frees any piece from jail, the pieces placed on his HOME are captured, that is, sent to its jail, losing all their advances.

The player can avoid capturing the piece. On that case, an opponent has to accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail. If nobody notices, nothing happens.

There are three types of special boxes.



Home (sports)

In sports, home is the city and stadium, arena, or field where an athletic team plays games at their own venue, not visiting other teams.


Hurricane Hugo

Hurricane Hugo was a powerful Category 5 hurricane that struck Guadeloupe, Montserrat, Puerto Rico, St. Croix, South Carolina and North Carolina in September of the 1989 Atlantic hurricane season, killing 82 people and leaving 100,000 homeless. At the time, Hurricane Hugo left the most damage for a hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean, although other storms have since caused more destruction. Hugo is currently the tenth costliest hurricane in the United States.

The name Hugo was retired. The name Humberto has been used every six years since 1995 instead.

Wichita (disambiguation)

Wichita is the name of:


Jerry Lawler

Jerry Lawler (born November 29, 1949) is an American professional wrestler and wrestling commentator, known also by his nickname "The King". He has won more championship belts than any other wrestler. His son was Brian Christopher who was also a WWE wrestler.

Lawler's home city Memphis is where he is most famous and had the biggest moments of his career including a steel cage match against Randy Savage and his famous clashes with Andy Kaufman. He also had a memorable "Empty Arena Match" against Terry Funk and some classic matches facing Ric Flair.

Lawler joined WWE in 1993, feuding with Bret Hart.

Jerry became a commentator for WWF Raw and WWF SmackDown but changed to just Raw in the Brand Extension in 2002. In 2005, he entered a feud with Muhammed Hassan his first main wrestling rivalry, losing to Hassan at New Years Revolution with Jim Ross in his corner. He called the Royal Rumble 2006 match alongside SmackDown announcer Michael Cole. Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame at WrestleMania 23 in 2007. In the summer of 2007 he entered a feud with King Booker over who was the real 'King' which resulted in Booker beating down Jerry on an episode of Raw and an episode of Saturday Night's Main Event. At the Great American Bash 2007, Booker demanded that Jerry give him his crown but Jerry told him to get it himself which Booker refused. In June 2008, his long commentary team with Jim Ross came to an end when Ross was drafted to SmackDown and Michael Cole was drafted to Raw. The following week they were attacked by Kane. On the March 30, 2009 episode of Raw he lost to Chris Jericho after challenging him to a match. On the July 20th episode of Raw he managed to defeat Brian Kendrick. On the November 16th episode of Raw he was attacked by Sheamus. In June 2010, he was attacked by The Nexus during their invasion on Raw while Michael Cole escaped. He teamed with other Nexus victims in a losing effort against The Nexus. On the November 29th episode of Raw he challenged The Miz for the WWE Championship in a TLC match but lost when Michael Cole and Alex Riley attacked him. He won a battle royal to challenge Miz again at Elimination Chamber 2011 for the title but lost. The following night on Raw, Cole mocked him and his deceased mother resulting in a match between the two at WrestleMania 27. Jim Ross returned to show his support for Lawler and at the event lost to Cole via disqualification after guest ref Steve Austin pushed Cole. He and Ross then began feuding with Cole and his trainer, Jack Swagger. At Extreme Rules they lost to them in a Country Whipping match. At Over The Limit, Lawler beat Cole in a Kiss My Foot match. Had Cole won, Lawler would have been forced to give him his Hall of Fame ring. The following week on Raw, Cole apologised and they went back to being a commentary team. 
Jerry Lawler participated in the 2012 Royal Rumble match but was eliminated by Cody Rhodes after just 43 seconds. Fellow commentators, Michael Cole and Booker T also competed with Rhodes eliminating Booker and them both eliminating Cole. On the April 30th episode of Raw, Lawler competed in a Beat The Clock challenge but was beaten in the finals by Daniel Bryan who earned a WWE Championship match at Over The Limit. On the July 9th episode of Raw he was granted his rematch with Cole and won but the GM overuled the decision and Santino Marella revealed the Anonymous GM to be Hornswoggle. On July 23rd during Raw 1000, CM Punk attacked The Rock and Lawler proclaiméd that Punk had turned his back on the WWE Universe. The following week, Punk defended this and was involved in a confrontation with Lawler and Jerry apologised. On the August 30th episode of Raw after John Cena refused to say that Punk was the 'Best in the World' seeing as Punk had been WWE Champion for almost a year, Punk told Jerry to come in the ring and say it. When Jerry refused, Punk attacked him. On the September 3rd episode of Raw, Lawler asked Punk for an apology but after Punk mocked him, they faced off in a steel cage match that night with Punk winning and beating Jerry down after the match until John Cena made the save. The following week on Raw, Jerry teamed with Randy Orton to face CM Punk and Dolph Ziggler and won. However, later in the show Jerry suffered a legit heart attack on commentary during a tag team match between Kane and Daniel Bryan and Darren Young and Titus O'Neill. He was taken to hospital and his life was saved. He returned to WWE on the November 12th episode of Raw but his return was interrupted by CM Punk and Paul Heyman who mocked his heart attack.

At Wrestlemania XXVII, he faced Michael Cole with "Stone Cold" Steve Austin as the special guest referee. Lawler won the match by submission but the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed the decision because Stone Cole had pushed Cole in the match earlier on which made Cole the victor.

Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007 by William Shatner.


We Rock (Camp Rock song)

We Rock is a song off the soundtrack of Camp Rock. The song also featured on the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock". We Rock is also the first track on the "Camp Rock Soundtrack". The song was sung by Demi Lovato and other cast members of the movie "Camp Rock". The song was released in May 2008. The song was also the on the pre-release version of the Soundtrack.



Turkish alphabet

The "Turkish alphabet" is used for writing, speaking and reading in Turkish. This alphabet is modified from the Latin alphabet.
There are 29 letters in the Turkish alphabet of Turkey. The English letters, "Q", "W" and "X" are not in Turkish alphabet. Seven Turkish letters (Ç, Ğ, I, İ, Ö, Ş, and Ü) are in the Turkish alphabet.

There are 8 vowels in the Turkish alphabet: A,E,I,İ,O,Ö,U,Ü

There are 21 consonants in the Turkish alphabet: B, C, Ç, D, F, G, Ğ, H, J, K, L, M, N, P, R, S, Ş, T, V, Y, Z.

This is Me (Demi Lovato song)

"This Is Me" is a song sang by Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas. It is from the 2008 television movie "Camp Rock". It was written and produced by Adam Watts and Andy Dodd. The song was on the "Camp Rock" soundtrack and was released as a single.

Play My Music

"Play My Music" is a 2008 song performed and recorded by The Jonas Brothers. The song was featured on the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock". "Play My Music" is also on the original version of The Camp Rock Soundtrack and the pre-release album ("Camp Rock Soundtrack (Pre-release)").

Michael

Michael [ mahy-k"uh"l ] is a male Hebrew name, popular in English. It is from the angel Michael in the Bible. (See for example Book of Revelation 12:7) The moniker Michael has been a beloved choice for boys for centuries, boasting a rich history and profound significance that appeals to parents seeking a powerful and meaningful name for their offspring. Originating from the Hebrew name Mikha'el, the name Michael translates to "who is like God?" and holds deep biblical roots. It is closely linked to the archangel Michael, recognized as one of the most potent angels in both Christian and Jewish teachings. Michael is also popular in English speaking countries, and in modified forms, many other countries. This name was ranked #17 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Panda (disambiguation)

Panda may mean:





Rivaldo

Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira (born 19 April 1972), simply known as Rivaldo, is a former Brazilian football player, as an attacking midfielder. He could also be a second striker, and sometimes a wide midfielder or as a winger.

Palmeiras

Barcelona

Milan

Cruzeiro

Olympiacos

Bunyodkor

Brazil U23

Brazil

Individual

Peter Reid

Peter Reid (born 20 June 1956) is an English football manager, pundit and former player.

Bolton Wanderers

Everton

Individual

Sunderland

Thailand

Individual

Mehdi Mahdavikia

Mehdi Mahdavikia (born 24 July 1977) is an Iranian football player. He plays for Steel Azin and Iran national team.

54||18||2||2||11||4||67||24
252||29||4||1||19||0||275||30
306||47||6||3||30||4||342||54

!Total||111||13

Ali Karimi

Mohammad Ali Karimi ( ; born 8 November 1978) is an Iranian football coach and former professional footballer.

Persepolis

Al-Ahli

Bayern Munich

Schalke 04

Tractor Sazi

Iran

Individual

Ray Harford

Raymond Thomas (Ray) Harford (1 June 1945 — 9 August 2003) is a former English football player.

as a player with Colchester United

as manager of Luton Town

John Welsh

John Joseph Welsh (born 10 January 1984) is an English former professional footballer who played as midfielder.

Welsh notably played in the Premier League for Liverpool, where he began his career before playing for Hull City, Chester City, Carlisle United, Bury, Tranmere Rovers and Grimsby Town. In 2019 he dropped down to play at semi-professional level with Atherton Collieries before finishing his career with Stafford Rangers.

Preston North End

José Luis Chilavert

José Luis Chilavert (born 27 July 1965) is a former Paraguayan football player. He has played for Paraguay national team.

394||35
79||0
50||0
14||4
537||39

!Total||74||8

Erik Nevland

Erik Nevland is a football player. He plays for Fulham and Norway national team.

135||62
8||2
4||0
88||43
235||107

!Total||4||0

Bill Shankly

Bill Shankly (2 September 1913 – 29 September 1981) is a former football player. He has played for Scotland national team.

He was brought up in the mining village of Glenbuck. His dad was a miner, but Bill would not go down the mine so he went to football training instead. Glenbuck Cherrypickers were the start of his playing job. He then went to Scotland for a year (1938–1939). After that he went to Preston North End.
Bill played for Preston until the Second World War started. During the war he served in the army and met his wife Ness. After the war he was manager of Carlisle, Workington and Grimsby. He became assistant manager of Huddersfield Town but left in 1959 to manage Liverpool. He won lots of cups at Anfield. He was much loved by the Liverpool fans. He left in 1974 but afterwards wished he hadn't.

Billy McNeill

William McNeill (2 March 1940 – 22 April 2019) was a Scottish football player and manager. He played as a defender.

McNeill was born in Bellshill. He played for nearby club Blantyre Victoria before signing for Celtic in 1957. During his playing career at Celtic, McNeill was the captain of the clubs most successful sides of the 1960s and 1970s. In his 18 seasons at the club, Celtic won many honours. This totalled nine league titles, seven Scottish Cups, six Scottish League Cups and one European Cup. In the 1966–67 season, Celtic won the European Cup Final against Inter Milan, with McNeill as captain. This was the first European Cup won by a British side, and the only to date won by a Scottish side. Celtic again made the European Cup Final in 1970. However, McNeill's side lost to Feyenoord.

McNeill played all of his senior games for Celtic. This makes him the Celtic player with the most games played for the club at 822. He retired from playing in 1975.

McNeill played for Scotland between 1961 and 1972. In the 29 games played for his country, he scored three goals.

Soon after retirement from playing, McNeill became a football manager. For a short time, he managed Clyde. He left Clyde after a short time for Aberdeen. He finished as a runner-up in the league and Scottish Cup with Aberdeen. Celtic manager Jock Stein left the club in 1978. McNeill soon became Celtic's manager. As Celtic manager between 1978 and 1983, he won three league titles, a Scottish Cup and a Scottish League Cup. He would go on to manage English sides Manchester City (1983–86) and Aston Villa (1986–87).

McNeill returned to manage Celtic in 1987. In his first season in his second stint, Celtic won the league and Cup double. The next season, 1988–89, the side won another Scottish Cup. However, the next two seasons saw no trophies won at Celtic and McNeill was sacked in May 1991. He never returned to full management but was caretaker manager at Hibernian for a short time in 1998.

McNeill was awarded an MBE in 1974. He also wrote three books, "For Celtic and Scotland" (1966), "Back to Paradise" (1988) and "Hail Cesar" (2004).

In February 2017, McNeill's family said that he had been living with dementia for many years. He died on 22 April 2019, at the age of 79.

486||22||94||7||137||4||69||3||786||36
486||22||94||7||137||4||69||3||786||36

!Total||29||3




Edmundo (footballer)

Edmundo (born 2 April, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

316||154||||||||||316||154
54||16||||||||||54||16
31||18||3||2||8||5||42||25
401||188||3||2||8||5||412||195

!Total||37||10


Adrian Mutu

Adrian Mutu (born 8 January 1979) is a Romanian football manager and former player. He plays for Fiorentina and the Romania national team.

74||35||colspan="2"|-||9||7||83||42
209||86||10||3||25||13||244||102
27||6||4||3||7||1||38||10
310||125||14||6||42||22||366||153

!Total||67||30

David Moyes

David Moyes is a Scottish former footballer and is currently a manager. He is the manager of West Ham United. As a player, he played for Preston North End, Dunfermline Athletic, and Shrewsbury Town

Gérard Houllier

Gérard Paul Francis Houllier OBE (3 September 1947 – 14 December 2020) was a French football manager and former player. He was the technical director of NSWL team OL Reign at the time of his death. Houllier is most known for his time at Liverpool, and is considered one of their best managers because of the trophies he won.

Houllier died on 14 December 2020 at a Paris hospital from heart surgery-related problems, aged 73.

Nœux-les-Mines


Paris Saint-Germain

Liverpool

Lyon

France U18

Individual



Waggle dance

The waggle dance is a special 'figure-of-eight' dance that is done by the honey bee in its hive. By this, a worker tells the others where it has found nectar. This was shown by the Austrian ethologist Karl von Frisch.

The dance is a type of communication for bees. It is done to give other bees information about the direction and distance to flowers that have nectar or pollen, or both. It is also used to tell the bees where water can be found.

The dance is used for bees to get others to help them collect resources for the hive. It used to be thought that bees have two distinct "recruitment" dances. There were the "round dances" and waggle dances. Round dances were thought to be used for things that were close by and wiggle dances were for things farther away. It is now known that a round dance is only a waggle dance with a very short "waggle run" (see below).

A waggle dance is made up of one to 100 or more circuits. Each circuit has two phases. These phases are the waggle phase and the return phase. When a bee returns to the hive after finding a good food source, it performs the dance. The bee will run through a small wave-like pattern (a waggle run or waggle phase). After this, it will turn to the right and circle back to the starting point (the return phase). It will then do another waggle run and then turn to the left and circle back to the beginning. The waggle phase of the dance is the most notable and informative part of the dance.

The direction and duration of waggle runs show the direction and distance to flowers. Flowers that are located directly in line with the sun are shown by waggle runs in an upward direction on the vertical combs. If the flowers are at an angle to the right or left of the sun, the waggle run is done at the same angle to the upward direction. The distance between hive and flowers is shown in the duration of the waggle runs. The farther the flowers are from the hive, the longer the waggle phase. For every 100 meters the flowers are distant from the hive, the waggle phase lasts about 75 milliseconds.

People study the swarm intelligence of social insects and animals such as fish, birds, and ants. Recently, there has been research on using bee waggle dance behavior for fault-tolerant routing. From the abstract of Wedde, Farooq, and Zhang (2004)

Another technique based on bees is called bee colony optimization. It is used help Internet servers communicate better.



Jim McLean

James Yuille McLean (2 August 1937 – 26 December 2020) was a Scottish football player and manager. He was best known for being the manager of Dundee United F.C. for 22 years between 1971 and 1993. While he was at Dundee United, the team won the 1982/83 Scottish Football League Championship and made it to many cup finals including the 1987 UEFA Cup Final against IFK Gothenburg.

McLean died at the age of 83 on 26 December 2020 from dementia-related problems. 

German Grand Prix

Active drivers are in bold.

"Embolded constructors are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

Active constructors are in bold.

Hockenheimring

The Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg is an automobile racing track near the town of Hockenheim in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Amongst other motor racing events, it holds the annual Formula One German Grand Prix in turns with the Nürburgring. Being in the Rhine valley, the circuit is almost completely flat, with very little change in height.

Singapore Grand Prix

The Singapore Grand Prix is a Formula One race staged in the Marina Bay area of Singapore, the race is Formula One's first night race. The first race was won by Spanish driver Fernando Alonso of the Renault F1 team on 28 September 2008. 

2013 Sebastian Vettel Red Bull-Renault 2014 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2015 Sebastian Vettel Ferrari 2016 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2017 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2018 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2019 Sebastian Vettel Ferrari 2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2022 Sergio Perez Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Carlos Sainz Ferrari

"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

No team has won the grand prix more than once.

"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.



Morrissey

Steven Patrick Morrissey (born 22 May 1959), known by the stage name of Morrissey from his surname, is an English musician, singer and songwriter. He helped form and sang lead for the English band The Smiths from 1982 to 1987. After the band's breakup, he went on to become a successful solo artist. Morrissey has had many Top 10 hits. In 2013 Morrissey released his autobiography. Morrissey is known for his support of animal rights.

Born at Park Hospital in Davyhulme, Morrissey grew up as a Catholic as his parents were Irish Catholic immigrants. His parents had emigrated to England just before Morrissey's birth and, along with his only sibling (elder sister Jackie) they created a new life for themselves within the Manchester district of Hulme.

The Smiths were formed in early 1982 by Morrissey and John Maher, a guitarist and songwriter, Maher later changed his surname to Marr to avoid confusion with the Buzzcocks drummer. During the five years of The Smiths, Marr and Morrissey produced four studio albums, one live album as well as nineteen singles, along with the two other band members, bass player Andy Rourke and drummer Mike Joyce. 

Each of their four albums The Smiths, Meat Is Murder, The Queen Is Dead and Strangeways, Here We Come were in the top two of the UK Albums Chart, with Meat Is Murder was number one. Their live album Rank also peaked at number two in the album charts. To date seven compilation albums have been produced with an eighth due for release.

Following the split of The Smiths, Morrissey produced and released nine studio albums under five different music labels. His ninth album, Years of Refusal, was released on 16 February 2009. The album got good reviews from music critics.


Morrissey has been vegetarian since he was 11 years old.

In early 2013, Morrissey was diagnosed with a bleeding ulcer. In March 2013, he had double pneumonia. In June 2014, he had a respiratory infection. In October 2014, he said that he had treatment for cancer.

Hernando de Soto Polar

Hernando de Soto Polar (born June 2, 1941 in Lima) is an economist and politician from Peru. He has become known for what he wrote and said on the Informal economy and property rights.

In 2020, he announced his candidacy for President of Peru for the 2021 general election. He came fourth in a race of 18 candidates. 

In his books, de Soto says that an economy cannot go past the stage of a subsistence economy if there is not a formal system of owning property (land or goods). Developing countries have "informal ownership" since no formal certificate says that land or goods really belong to a certain person.

De Soto thinks the capitalist economies of the United States developed because they had a clear system of owning property. For the United States, the formal system of owning property came from it being a colony of England. Japan's formal system came after the Second World War.

Because formal ownership systems do not exist in developing countries, the poor people in these nations cannot develop. They cannot use their land as a guarantee to the bank to get money to build something, for example. De Soto argues that this is the basis for enterpreneurship. In much of the developing world,famers therefore are left with subsistence agriculture. As such, he argues that this informal ownership should be made formal, for example by giving squatters in shanty towns land titles to the land they now live on.

De Soto also argues that government bureaucracy greatly hinders the ability for people to hold private property, for example:

Thus entrepreneurs are driven to form "underground" economies, but de Soto points out the serious disadvantages:

Thomas Sowell writes:


Belgian Grand Prix

The Belgian Grand Prix is an motor race, part of the Formula One World Championship.
The first national race of Belgium was held in 1925 at the Spa region's race course, an area of the country that had been associated with motor sport since the very early years of racing before the turn of the century. To accommodate Grand Prix racing, the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps race course was built in 1921 but it was only used for motorcycle racing until 1924. After the 1923 success of the new 24 hours of Le Mans in France, the Spa 24 Hours, a similar 24 hour endurance race, was run at the Spa track.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1999–2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.


Hernando de Soto

Hernando de Soto (Jerez de los Caballeros, Badajoz, Spain, c.1496/1497–May 21, 1542) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador. He led the first European expedition deep into the territory of the modern-day United States. He was trying to find gold and a way to China. The expedition explored the southern United States. De Soto was probably the first European to discover the Mississippi River. He died in 1542 on the banks of the Mississippi River at present-day Lake Village, Arkansas. 

Hernando de Soto was born to parents who were hidalgos in Extremadura. In this region, there was a lot of poverty and hardship. For this reason, many young people looked for ways to seek their fortune elsewhere. 

De Soto’s parents were poor. Two towns, Badajoz and Jerez de los Caballeros, claim to be his birthplace. All that is known with certainty is that he spent time as a child at both places. In his will, he wanted to be buried at Jerez de los Caballeros, where other members of his family were also buried. 

The Age of the Conquerors began right after of the Spanish reconquest of the Iberian peninsula from Islamic forces. After the Moors were defeated, Spain and Portugal were filled with young men begging for a chance to find military fame. After explorers discovered new lands to the West (which they thought was far East Asia), many more young men became explorers with the goal of earning wealth and glory.

De Soto sailed to the New World in 1514 with the first Governor of Panama, Pedrarias Dávila. During the conquest of Central America, de Soto became known for his leadership, his strong loyalty, and his extortion of native villages for their captured chiefs. He gained fame as an excellent horseman, fighter, and tactician. However, he was also well known for his extreme brutality.

De Soto was influenced by Juan Ponce de León, who discovered Florida; Vasco Núñez de Balboa, who discovered the Pacific Ocean (which he called the "South Sea" below Panama); and Ferdinand Magellan, who first sailed the Pacific Ocean to the Orient.

Circuit de Monaco

Circuit de Monaco is the name given to a motor racing circuit laid out on the city streets of Monte Carlo and La Condamine around the harbor of the principality of Monaco. It is commonly referred to as "Monte Carlo" because it is largely inside the Monte Carlo neighborhood of Monaco.



Dutch Grand Prix

The Dutch Grand Prix is a Formula One motor race held at Circuit Zandvoort, from 1952 to 1985. It was brought back in 2021.

In 1985 the company that ran the circuit (CENAV) went out of business. This marked the end of Circuit Zandvoort. The municipality of Zandvoort took over ownership. Part of the grounds and track were sold in 1987 to Vendorado, a Bungalow park developer.

"Events that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

"Events that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.
"Active constructors are in bold".

"Events that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

United States Grand Prix

The United States Grand Prix is a motor race which has been run on and off since 1908, when it was known as the "American Grand Prize". The race later became part of the Formula One World Championship. From 2000 to 2007, the race was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway road course. the United States Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One calendar starting in 2008.

In 2010, the FIA announced that the race would return to the United States at a new circuit near Austin, Texas. The new track, known as the Circuit of the Americas, hosted its first U.S. Grand Prix in .

Formula One returned to the United States in . The race was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. A road course was built for the Formula one race. Part of the oval track was used, including the main straightaway and turn 4. The remaining part of the road course was built in the infield portion of the track. Even thought most American races run counter-clockwise, including the Indianapolis 500, the Formula One course was built to run clockwise.

A new race track is being built in the Austin area. This track is being designed and built for the use of Formula One racing and MotoGP, and will also host a round of V8 Supercars, an Australia-based touring car racing series. The track will be located southeast of Austin next to state highway 130. The track will be located on a 900 acre site. The location used to known as the Wandering Creek property.

Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season. A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship.

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Ilmor in 2001, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda 2022 Max Verstappen Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT


Spanish Grand Prix

The Spanish Grand Prix () is a Formula One race currently held at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. The race is one of the oldest in Formula 1 racing.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season"<br>
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."<br>
"A yellow background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."<br>
"A yellow background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war European Championship."

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Designed and built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1998-2005 designed and built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."<br>
"A yellow background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war European Championship."<br>
"A green background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Sports car race<br> 
† Officialy named as RACE Grand Prix

Canadian Grand Prix

The Canadian Grand Prix (known in French as the "Grand Prix du Canada") is an auto race held in Canada since 1961. It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967. It was first staged at Mosport Park in Bowmanville, Ontario as a sports car event before it alternated between Mosport and Circuit Mont-Tremblant, Quebec after Formula One took over the event. After 1971 safety concerns led to the Grand Prix moving permanently to Mosport. In 1978 the Canadian Grand Prix moved to its current home on Circuit Île Notre-Dame in Montreal. In 1982, the track was renamed to Circuit Gilles Villeneuve. This was to honour Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve, following his death in 1982.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1999-2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada and was replaced by the Turkish Grand Prix 2022 Max Verstappen Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT

 2006: Race started on ITV4 due to ITV showing coverage of the FIFA World Cup but simulcasted the race with ITV until the end of the race. <br>


Anantnag District

Anantnag () is a district in the Union territory of Jammu and Kashmir in northwestern India. It is one of six districts which make up the Kashmir Valley. The district headquarters is Anantnag.


Pakistan International Airlines

Pakistan International Airlines Corporation, more commonly known as Pakistan International Airlines or PIA ( or ), is the flag carrier and national airline of Pakistan.




Islamabad International Airport

Islamabad International Airport is the main international airport serving the Islamabad-Rawalpindi metropolitan area and surrounding suburbs. It is Pakistan's largest airport, after Jinnah International Airport in Karachi and is built 20 km away from the twin cities of Islamabad and Rawalpindi near the Kashmir Highway and Motorway Interchange.

The airport commenced full operations on 3 May 2018, replacing the defunct Benazir Bhutto International Airport which now forms part of the Pakistan Air Force Base Nur Khan.

International Air Transport Association

The International Air Transport Association is an international industry trade group of airlines. It is headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where the International Civil Aviation Organization also is. The main goal of the organization is to assist airline companies to achieve lawful competition and uniformity in prices.


Indian Sign Language

Indian Sign Language (ISL) is possibly the predominant sign language variety in South Asia, used by at least several hundred thousand deaf signers (2003).

1935–36 NHL season

The 1935–36 NHL season was the 19th season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Eight teams each played 48 games. The Detroit Red Wings were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"


Coppins

Coppins is an English country house in the village of Iver in Buckinghamshire. It was changed for Princess Victoria, a daughter of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra. After her father's death, Princess Victoria stayed with Queen Alexandra at Sandringham House as her mother's companion. After Queen Alexandra's death in 1925, Princess Victoria moved into Coppins, which had a "relaxed air of a holiday villa". Victoria lived for another ten years, dying at Coppins on 2 December 1935, aged 67. She left the house to her nephew, Prince George, the Duke of Kent, and his wife Princess Marina. It was owned by the Kent family for two generations, and was sold in 1973 to Commander Eli Gottlieb.


Bagshot Park

Bagshot Park (Grid reference: ) is a royal residence. It is south of Windsor. It is located in Bagshot, Surrey, and is the current home and official residence of Prince Edward, the Earl of Wessex and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Bagshot Park is a few miles from Sunninghill Park, the former home of Prince Andrew, Duke of York. 

Balmoral Castle

Balmoral Castle is a royal residence in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is located near the village of Crathie, west of Ballater and east of Braemar. It was purchased by Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's husband, in 1848. Victoria and Albert paid £300,000 for full ownership of the house in 1852. Queen Victoria laid the foundation stone in 1853, signed a parchment recording the date, and placed it in the hole prepared for the stone. The area of Balmoral covers approximately . Today, Balmoral is owned privately by the British royal family, and was one of Queen Elizabeth II's favourite summer retreats. This is the place where Queen Elizabeth II died on 8 September 2022.

Beech

The Beech is a large tree in the genus "Fagus" in the plant family Fagaceae. There are about 10 species, all native to Europe, Asia, and North America.

The flowers are small and single-sex (monoecious), the female flowers are carried in pairs, the male flowers are wind-pollinating catkins, produced in spring shortly after the new leaves appear. The bark is smooth and light grey. The fruit is a small, sharply three–angled nut 10–15 mm long. The nuts are edible, though bitter (though not nearly as bitter as acorns). They have a high tannin content, and are called beechnuts or beechmast.

Beech grows on a wide range of soil types, acid or basic, provided they are not wet for long periods. The tree canopy casts a heavy shade, and the leaves, when dropped, cover the ground thickly. Few plant grow under beech trees.

In North America, they often form Beech-Maple forests by growing together with the Sugar Maple.

The beech has been used for its wood by man for thousands of years. The wood is white, or reddish if grown on acid soil, but fine grained, smooth and heavy when first cut. It may split as it dries. It is a good wood for making ornaments, tool handles, kitchen utensils, furniture and parts of buildings. Beechwood burns well and is used, among other woods, to smoke herrings in Scotland. It can also be made into charcoal.

The southern beeches "Nothofagus" previously thought closely related to beeches, are now treated as members of a separate family, Nothofagaceae. They are found in Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea, New Caledonia, Argentina and Chile (mostly on the southern tip in Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego).

The beech blight aphid ("Grylloprociphilus imbricator") is a common pest of beech trees. Beeches are also used as food plants by some species of butterflies and moths (see .

Fagales

The Fagales are an order of flowering plants, including some of the best known trees. The order name is derived from genus "Fagus", Beeches. They belong among the rosid group of dicotyledons. The families currently included are as follows:


Bioethics

Bioethics is a field of ethics in philosophy that studies the ethical, legal and social issues in medicine and biology. It is often used to study how the new discoveries in science will affect humans, animals and nature.


Caricaceae

Caricaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Brassicales, found in tropical regions of Central and South America and Africa. They are short-lived evergreen pachycaul shrubs or small trees growing to 5–10 m tall; many bear edible fruit.

The family comprises six genera and about 34-35 species:

Pollen

Pollen is a powder made of pollen grains, which produce sperm cells (male cells used for reproduction) of seed plants. The pollen grains are actually haploid male gametophytes.

The anther contains microsporangia. Each microsporangium contains pollen mother cells. These undergo meiosis, and produce pollen grains, which produce the male gametes (sperm).

The pollen is released by the opening of the anther. The pollen is carried by some agent (wind, or some animal) to the receptive surface of the carpel of the same or another flower. This process is known as pollination. After successful pollination, the pollen grain (immature microgametophyte) completes its development by growing a "pollen tube" and undergoing mitosis to produce two male gametes.

There are two main kinds of pollination. One kind happens when pollen from a stamen sticks to the pistil of the same plant. That is self-pollination.

The other kind of pollination takes place when pollen from one plant travels to the pistil of another plant. Most plants use this kind of pollination. Plants need help for this kind of pollination, because they cannot move. So, they need another way to move pollen from one plant to another plant.

The wind helps move pollen between plants. The pollen of some plants is very light. Wind blows it from the flowers on one plant to the flowers on another plant. The wind can move pollen a long way before the pollen hits the sticky top of a pistil.

Animals also help move pollen between plants. Many flowers are colourful and their scent attracts some animals. These flowers also make a sweet juice called nectar. Sometimes an animal, such as a bee, sees or smells a flower. Then, it lands on the flower to get nectar. As the bee drinks the nectar, the stamens brush pollen onto its body. Then, the bee flies to another flower that has a pistil. The pollen on the bee's body brushes onto the sticky top of the flower's pistil. The pollen is used as protein for the bee larvae.

The plants help feed the animal. In return, the animal helps the plants by moving pollen from flower to flower. The relationship has evolved together; it is a kind of co-evolution called mutualism or symbiosis.

We Ski

We Ski, also known as Family Ski in Japan and Europe is a video game for the Wii. It is the first third-party game (and second game behind "Wii Fit") released that makes use of the Wii Balance Board.

A sequel, "We Ski & Snowboard", which adds snowboarding to the game, was released in Japan November 13, 2008.


Denison, Texas

Denison is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States. The amount of people living there was 24,479 at the 2020 census. It is one of two principal cities in the Sherman-Denison Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The city of Denison was founded in 1872 in conjunction with the MKT or "Katy" depot It was named after the rich Katy vice President George DenisonBecause the town was made at the intersection of the MKT and the Red River (both important conduits of transportation in the industrial era), it came to be an important commercial center in the 19th century American West.

The name of Denison was given by French people because during the 19th century a horticulturalist from this place saved the grapes of France. During the same century a famous president of the USA, Dwight David Eisenhower was born there. The next century has contributed to Denison history because there was a conflict about some artworks that showed up in Denison in the 1980s.

In 2020, Denison contained a population of 24,479. For females we have 12,848 (52.5%) and for males 11,631 (47.5%). Median resident age was 40.3 years. In 2000, median house value was estimated at $52,100 and in 2008 median house hold income was estimated at $38,843.

Denison is a city of Texas. It has its own mayor named Robert Brady. Denison and all the state of Texas have two representative senators: John Coryn and Key Bailey Hutchison.

The diversity of religions and the government laws create the spread of different cultures and arts. Therefore, Denison was designated by the Texas Commission on the Arts as one of seven pilot cities for the Texas Arts and Cultural District in September 2009.

Mentha

Mentha (mint) is a genus of about 25 species (and many hundreds of varieties) of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae (Mint Family). Mint leaves are used for flavoring, such as in mint chocolate chip ice cream, mint chutney, and mint tea.

Health Benefits of Mint
Caution for GERD Patients: Individuals with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) should be cautious with mint consumption, as it may trigger symptoms.

Lamiales

The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants. It includes about 11,000 species divided up into about 10 families. A few well-known members of this order are the lavender, the lilac, the olive, the jasmine, the ash tree, the teak, the snapdragon, and a number of table herbs such as mint, basil, and rosemary.

Lamiaceae

Lamiaceae or Labiatae, also known as the mint family, is a family of plants. It includes about 210 genera and about 3,500 species. It has been considered closely related to Verbenaceae but 1990s phylogenetic studies have shown that a lot of the genera classified in Verbenaceae belong instead in Lamiaceae, whereas the core genera of Verbenaceae are not closely related to Lamiaceae and are more closely related to other members of the Lamiales.

Nepeta

Nepeta is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae. 

Some members of this group are known as catnip or catmint because of their effect on house cats. The oil in the leaves of some "Nepeta" species gives cats euphoria, that is, it makes them feel good. They get a "high", roll around, and may cry out, jump and behave in an unusual way.

Garden angelica

Garden angelica ("Angelica archangelica"; syn. "Archangelica officinalis" Hoffm., "Archangelica officinalis" var. "himalaica" C.B.Clarke, "Angelica sativa" Mill.) is a biennial plant from the umbelliferous family Apiaceae. Other English names are Holy Ghost, Wild Celery, and Norwegian angelica. 

People can eat the stem and roots. It looks very similar to some poisonous species ("Conium", "Heracleum", and others). Because of this it is important to know for certain it is garden angelica before eating it.

During its first year it only grows leaves. The flowers blossom in July. There are many small flowers that are yellowish or greenish in colour.

It grows wild in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Iceland, mostly in the northern parts of the countries.

From the 10th century on, angelica was grown as a vegetable and medicinal plant. It is used to flavour liqueurs or aquavits, omelettes, trout and jam. The long bright green stems are also candied and used as decoration.


Rosemary

Rosemary ("") is a woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves. It is native to the Mediterranean region. It is a member of the mint family Lamiaceae, which also includes many other herbs.

Numerous cultivars have been selected for garden use. The following are frequently sold:

Liquorice

Liquorice (UK) or licorice (US) (see spelling differences) (, or ) is the root of "Glycyrrhiza glabra", from which a sweet flavour can be extracted. The liquorice plant is a legume (related to beans and peas) and native to southern Europe and parts of Asia. It is an herbaceous perennial, growing to 1 m in height, with pinnate leaves about 7–15 centimetres (3–6 inches) long, with 9–17 leaflets. The flowers are 0.8–1.2 cm (1/3 to 1/2 inch) long, purple to pale whitish blue, produced in a loose inflorescence. The fruit is an oblong pod, 2–3 centimetres (about 1 inch) long, containing several seeds.

Faboideae

Faboideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae or Leguminosae. An acceptable alternative name for the subfamily is Papilionoideae, or Papilionaceae when this group of plants is treated as a family.

This subfamily is widely distributed and members are adapted to a wide variety of environments. Faboideae may be trees, shrubs or herbs. The flowers are usually papilionaceous and root nodulation is very common. Vetch, Laburnum, and Sweet pea are all members of Faboideae.

Galegeae

Galegeae is a tribe of the subfamily Faboideae. The tribe is found mostly in the northern hemisphere, but can also be found in Australia, Africa, and South America. The type genus is "Galega".


Glycyrrhiza

Glycyrrhiza is a genus of about 18 species in the family Fabaceae (Leguminosae). It is found in Asia, Australia, Europe, and the Americas. It is best known for liquorice (British English; licorice in American English), which is the product of "G. glabra", a species from the Mediterranean region. Very little "G. glabra" is grown in North America, but American Licorice "G. lepidota" is a common native species there. Russian Liquorice ("G. echinata") and Chinese Liquorice ("G. uralensis", Chinese: "gāncǎo", 甘草 lit. "sweet grass" or "sweet herb") are also grown, the latter being important in traditional Chinese medicine.

Species include:

Cumin

Cumin ("Cuminum cyminum") sometimes spelled cummin is a flowering plant, native from the east Mediterranean to East India. Its seeds are used in the cuisines of many different cultures. The use of cumin is very common in Indian and Pakistani foods.

Savory (herb)

Satureja is a genus of aromatic plants of the family Lamiaceae, related to rosemary and thyme. There are about 30 species called savories, of which Summer Savory and Winter Savory are the most important in cultivation.


Superchunk

Superchunk is an American indie rock band. Superchunk first came together in 1989 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina with Mac McCaughan singing and playing guitar, Laura Balance playing bass, Jack McCook playing guitar and Chuck Garrison playing drums. The members of the band are now Mac McCaughan, Laura Balance, Jon Wurster playing drums and Jim Wilbur playing guitar.

Superchunk is well known for their style of loud and fairly simple songs that are about things that happen in ordinary life.

For their self-titled first album, Superchunk was signed to Matador Records. Starting with their next album, "No Pocky for Kitty", they have released all of their albums on a label they made themselves called Merge Records.

Semi-automatic

Semi-automatic may mean:

Semi-automatic firearm

A semi-automatic, or self-loading firearm is a gun that requires only a trigger pull for each round that is fired, unlike a single-action revolver, a pump-action firearm, a bolt-action firearm, or a lever-action firearm, which require the shooter to manually chamber each successive round. Also, unlike a double-action revolver, power from one shot is used load the next, instead of using power from pulling the trigger.

Semi-automatic rifle

A semi-automatic rifle is a type of rifle that fires a single bullet each time the trigger is pulled, without the need manually to operate a bolt, lever, pump or other firing or loading mechanism. Such a rifle can fire single rounds like this until the firearm's bullets in the cartridges is gone. On the other hand, a "fully" automatic weapon (a machine gun, for example) keeps firing until the trigger is released, and can fire hundreds of shots for every trigger press.

Bolt action

A bolt action gun has a breech (back part of the barrel) that is opened and closed by hand with a small handle. They can only be fired once before the breech must be opened for a new round to enter the chamber, where it can then be fired from. Many older sniper rifles, as well as many hunting rifles today, work in this way.

When the bolt is opened, the first cartridge in the gun is loaded. After firing the gun, opening the bolt takes out the empty cartridge, and closing the bolt puts in a new one. Bolt action rifles are usually the most accurate type of small arms, leading them to be used widely as marksman rifles. The rifle won't cycle a round without the shooter doing it manually, causing less movement of parts and gases while the round is being fired. This improves accuracy, but also increases recoil compared to automatic rifles of the same caliber.

Despite being significantly slower to fire than lever-action rifles, which were invented around the same time, militaries across the world chose to replace their muzzleloader muskets with bolt action guns rather than lever action ones, because bolt action rifles are loaded over the barrel. This allows easier loading by a shooter lying on the ground, without affecting aim. With lever action guns, on the other hand, the ground is in the way of loading downwards, and to load the gun would mean to throw off the shooter's aim since the gun must be turned sideways.

Famous bolt action rifles include the Springfield M1903, the G98, the Lee-Enfield, and the Mosin-Nagant.

Trigger

Trigger may mean:

In psychology and ethology:

In computing:

In physics:

In music:

Trigger (firearms)

A trigger is a mechanism that you pull on a firearm to shoot. Triggers almost always have levers or buttons for the index finger.

Afghanistan War

The terms Afghan War or War in Afghanistan may mean:


Diatomic molecules

Diatomic molecules are molecules made only of two atoms, of either the same or different chemical elements.
Two atoms are bonded together to form a unit known as a diatomic molecule.

Examples are hydrogen (H), nitrogen (N) and oxygen (O), and carbon monoxide (CO). 

Fragile Future

Fragile Future is the third album by Hawthorne Heights. It was released in 2008. It was their first album without Casey Calvert, because he died in late 2007. Casey was the backing vocalist who used death growls in the songs. This album has no death growls or harsh vocals at all because the band decided not to replace Casey with a new person who could do death growls.

Hawthorne Heights did not have a lot of success on the singles, but it was seen as a new start for the band.

While much of the album was inspired by things that had been happening to the band, it never says the words "Casey" or "Victory Records"

The album art includes a picture of Casey Calvert near a lamppost.


Dundalk

Dundalk () is a town in County Louth, Republic of Ireland, near the border with Northern Ireland. It takes its name from , "Dalga's fort" and officially became a town in 1189. It is located at a ford on the Castletown River. The town's crest reads "Mé do rug Cú Chulainn Cróga" (I gave birth to brave Cú Chulainn)
Dundalk is twinned with the town of Rezé in France.

Dundalk has a large population of 39,004 inhabitants. In 2003, Dundalk was amongst nine cities and towns to be given "Gateway status" in the Irish Government's "National Spatial Strategy". "Gateway towns" will be the first to get funding for improving their towns.

County Louth

County Louth () is a county on the east coast of Ireland, on the border with Northern Ireland.

The county town is Dundalk, which is also the largest town in Louth. Most people that live in Louth live in the two biggest towns, Dundalk and Drogheda. The 2006 Census showed that Dundalk and Drogheda as not only the largest towns in the Louth, but also the second and third largest towns in Ireland.

Louth is nicknamed "the Wee County" because it is the smallest county in Ireland ("wee" means small).

The old Irish name of the county Lughbhaidh comes from the place where people worshipped the Celtic god whose festival was celebrated at .

The name is now spelled as An Lú. This is just the modern way of spelling Lughbhaidh. 'Lú' means 'small' in Irish, but this is not where the name comes from.

The history of Louth goes back a long time. Before people wrote down histories and dates, a famous Irish story is supposed to have happened in Louth. It is called the Táin Bó Cúailge. In this story, a famous warrior called Cúchulainn fights a whole army by himself to protect a brown bull from being stolen.

There are some old monasteries in the county including Monasterboice and Mellifont Abbey

In the fourteenth century the Scottish army of Edward Bruce lost the Battle of Faughart near Dundalk. Edward was killed in the battle. Oliver Cromwell attacked Drogheda in 1649 killing the Royalist garrison (Siege of Drogheda).



Robot Chicken

Robot Chicken is an American sketch comedy adult stop-motion animated television series and sitcom. It is shown on a part of Cartoon Network called "Adult Swim". It was created by Seth Green and Matthew Senreich.

Victor Hammer (businessman)

Victor J. Hammer (November 1, 1901 – July 21, 1985) was a businessman, founder and owner of the Hammer Galleries in New York City. He was the younger brother of Armand Hammer.

Victor attended Princeton University, where he graduated in 1921 with a degree in Art History.

Victor was business partner to his brother Armand Hammer on several business ventures, including Hammer Galleries in New York City, founded in 1928 as a way to funnel profits made in Soviet Russia out of that country. At one point, British Intelligence believed Hammer Galleries was a front for Soviet Intelligence. The Hammer brothers had been in contact with Soviet authorities for a number of reasons, such as famine relief as well as when the Soviets sought a buyer for the treasures of the Hermitage as a way to earn hard currency. Victor was responsible for acquisitions for Hammer Galleries, including the so-called Romanov Treasures and Fabergé eggs. In 1937, Time Magazine described Victor and Armand as "Two of the most startling characters in the U. S. art world are the Brothers Armand and Victor Hammer, one with a medical degree, both friends of Soviet Russia.".

Victor Hammer was a prolific philanthropist. He, along with his brothers Harry and Armand, purchased Campobello Island and donated it to the US and Canada as the countries' first joint park, known as Roosevelt Campobello International Park


MySims

MySims is a video game for the Wii and Nintendo DS.

The Sun (United Kingdom)

The Sun is a tabloid daily newspaper published in the United Kingdom and Ireland. By circulation it is the eighth largest newspaper in any language in the world. It is published by News Group Newspapers of News International, itself a subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation. The Sun has many different categories, for example, Sport.

There is also a Scottish ("The Scottish Sun"), Irish ("The Irish Sun"), American ("The U.S. Sun"), and Nigerian (The Sun Nigeria) edition. 

M2 Browning

The M2 Machine Gun, or Browning .50 Caliber Machine Gun is a heavy machine gun. It was nicknamed "Ma Deuce" by US troops or simply called "fifty-cal." due to its caliber.

John Moses Browning (1855–1926) of Ogden, Utah, was the inventor. His military arms were considered to be outstanding. German Field Marshal Hermann Göring said, "If the "Luftwaffe" (German Air Force) had the Browning .50-caliber, the Battle of Britain would have turned out differently". 

Browning began work on the .50-caliber machine gun in July 1917 and it was introduced in 1918. It was a belt-fed, automatic weapon that came in both air-cooled and water-cooled versions. The gun was capable of single-shot or fully automatic fire. The U.S. Army, Army Air Forces, and Navy all adopted it immediately. 

The Browning .50 caliber machine gun has been used as a vehicle weapon and for aircraft by the United States from the 1920s to the present day. It was used during World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, as well as during operations in Iraq in the 1990s and 2000s. It is the primary heavy machine gun of NATO countries, and has been used by many other countries. It is still in use today, with only a few modern improvements. Right now, it is the longest serving machine gun in the US military.

Stealth

Stealth may refer to:

Stealth technology, technology used to conceal ships, aircraft, and missiles

Stealth technology

Stealth technology also known as LOT (Low Observability Technology) is a sub-discipline of military (like Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine, Coast Guard and National Guard in the North American United States) electronic countermeasures which covers a range of techniques used with aircraft, ships and missiles, in order to make them less visible. 

For example, stealth technology was developed to make aircraft difficult to detect with radar. 

Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians

The Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians (PPPP) is a political party created by Makhdoom Amin Fahim. The party is an electoral extension of the Pakistan Peoples Party.

Bangladesh Nationalist Party

The Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) is a major political party in Bangladesh, founded in 1978 by Ziaur Rahman. After Rahman's assassination in 1981, Khaleda Zia led the party until her imprisonment in 2018. Currently, Tarique Rahman, their son, serves the party as acting chairperson from London.

Rosmarinus

Rosmarinus is a small genus of woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves in the family Lamiaceae, native to the Mediterranean region.

Apiales

The Apiales are an order of flowering plants. The families given at right are typical of newer classifications, though there is some slight variation, and in particular the Torriceliaceae may be divided. These families are placed within the asterid group of dicotyledons.

Apiaceae

Umbellifers (Umbelliferae/Apiaceae) are angiosperms including cumin, parsley, carrot, coriander/cilantro, dill, caraway, fennel, parsnip, celery, anise, and other relatives. It is a large family with about 300 genera and more than 3,000 species. It is the 16th-largest family of flowering plants, with more than 3,700 species in 434 genera. There are a small number of poisonous plants. Hemlock has a paralysing effect. There are a lot of phototoxic species. Light causes changes which produce toxic chemicals. Phototoxicity causes a chemically induced skin irritation. It needs light, and does not involve the immune system. It is a type of photosensitivity.

The defining characteristic of the family is the inflorescence. The flowers usually grouped in terminal umbels, as shown in the photograph. They are usually compound, and called umbelliform cymes. They are groups of groups.

Angelica

Angelica is a genus of about 50 species of tall biennial and perennial herbs in the family Apiaceae, native to temperate and subarctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere, reaching as far North as Iceland and Lapland. They grow to 1-3 m tall, with large bipinnate leaves and large compound umbels of white or greenish-white flowers. 

Some species can be found in Purple Moor and Rush Pastures.


Blephilia

Blephilia ("Downy Pagoda Plant" or "Wood Mint") is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae. They are all herbaceous plants native to eastern North America. The species are most often found in thin woods and in granite and limestone soils. Blephilia hirsuta and Blephilia ciliata are considered threatened or endangered in some states.


Ballota

Ballota (horehound) is a genus of about 35 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae, native to temperate regions of Europe, north Africa and western Asia, with the highest diversity in the Mediterranean region. They are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera including "Coleophora" case-bearers: "C. ballotella", "C. lineolea" (which has been recorded on "B. nigra") and "C. ochripennella".


The genus is closely related to "Marrubium", with some species having been included in that genus in the past.

Agastache

Agastache, is a genus of 9–12 species of perennial herbs in the family Lamiaceae, native to eastern Asia (one species) and North America (the rest).

Acrocephalus (plant)

Acrocephalus is a genus of plants in the family Lamiaceae, containing about 130 species.

Acinos

Acinos is a genus of ten species of annual and short-lived evergreen perennial woody plants native to southern Europe and western Asia. Its name comes from the Greek word "akinos", the name of a small aromatic plant. They are small, tufted, bushy or spreading plants growing to 10–45 cm tall. The 2-lipped, tubular flowers are borne on erect sprikes in mid-summer.


Acanthomintha

Acanthomintha is a genus of the Lamiaceae, or mint family. The "Acanthomintha" genus is commonly referred to as Thornmint. There are a number of species within this genus, including the endangered species "Acanthomintha duttonii". All four thornmints are native to the California Floristic Province. The origin of the genus name is from the identical Greek word meaning "thornmint".

There are four species of "Acanthomintha":


Franz von Papen

Franz Joseph Hermann Michael Maria von Papen zu Köningen (29 October 1879 - 2 May 1969) was a German nobleman, Catholic monarchist politician, General Staff officer, and diplomat. He was Chancellor of Germany in 1932 and as Vice Chancellor of Germany in 1933-1934. He was a member of the Catholic Centre Party of Germany until 1932. 

Papen was one the people who believed and said that they (the conservative elite and the military) could control Adolf Hitler when he becomes Chancellor of Germany; and was responsible for his rise to power along with Reich President Paul von Hindenburg, when he persuaded Hindenburg, that the other alternative to Hitler was Communist rule, which they saw as more dangerous. 

As a result, Hindenburg appointed Hitler as Chancellor on 30 January 1933. But von Papen's belief in controlling Hitler and his assurances to Hindenburg did not happen, because Hitler started to control them and gain more power. In March Hindenburg signed the Enabling Act of 1933 which gave special powers to Hitler and his government, and he became a dictator. Von Papen and the conservatives lost all influence, though most of them stayed as members in Hitler's cabinet with no powers, until the fall of the Third Reich.

Before and during World War II he was an ambassador, from 1934 to 1938 in Austria, and from 1939 to 1944 in Turkey.

Von Papen was one of the 24 people charged at the Nuremberg Trials. The court decided he was not guilty.

Lemon balm

Lemon balm ("Melissa officinalis") is a perennial herb in the mint family Lamiaceae, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean region. It grows to 70–150 cm tall. The leaves have a gentle lemon scent, related to mint. At the end of the summer, little white flowers full of nectar appear and attract bees. Its flavour comes from the terpenes citronellal, citronellol, citral, and geraniol.

Bronchitis

Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi caused by irritation. It may also refer to acute bronchitis or chronic bronchitis. It can be caused by infection or other causes such as smoking, or being exposed to cigarettes.



Kashmiri people

The Kashmiri people are a Dardic ethnic group living in the central valley of Kashmir in the disputed state of Jammu and Kashmir. They speak the Kashmiri language. Kashmiri is an Indo-Aryan language. The Kashmiris are also known as Koshur.

There are about 7.1 million people speaking the Kashmiri language. About 6.7 million of them live in Jammu and Kashmir, and about 350,000 in Azad Kashmir and the Federally Administered Northern Areas (FANA) in Pakistan. Although all residents of Azad Kashmir call themselves 'Kashmiri', most residents of Azad Kashmir are not ethnic Kashmiris but rather a northern subgroup of Punjabis who speak a northern Punjabi dialect.


Hastings

Hastings is a town on the coast of East Sussex in England. It is the administrative centre for the borough of the same name.

Hastings gave its name to the Battle of Hastings in 1066.

Malvern College

Malvern College is a coeducational British public School, founded in 1865. It is in Malvern, Worcestershire.

This is a short list:


United Nations peacekeeping missions involving Pakistan

UN peacekeeping missions involving Pakistan covers a long and cherished history of Pakistani involvement with the United Nations. Pakistan joined the United Nations on 30th September, 1947. Since 1960, Pakistan has been actively involved in most of the UN Peacekeeping missions and today stands at the top with 10,175 troops and observers serving in current missions. Some of the major contributions were in Somalia, Sierra Leone, Bosnia, Congo and Liberia.

Pakistan Army

The Pakistan Army () is the largest branch of the Pakistani military set up, and is mainly responsible for protection of the state borders, the security of administered territories and for defending the national interests of Pakistan within the framework of its international obligations.

The main fighting regiments of the Pakistan Army comprise the Infantry and the Armoured Corps. The main Infantry regiments of the army are:

Armoured Corps units include:

The Pakistan Army, along with the Pakistan Navy and the Pakistan Air Force, combine to make the world's sixth largest military force.

Every year in Pakistan, 6 September is celebrated as 'Defence of Pakistan Day', or 'Pakistan Army Day'.

Web of the City

Web of the City (first called Rumble) is the first book that was written by Harlan Ellison. The book follows the story of Rusty Santoro, a teenage member of the Cougars street gang in the 1950s Brooklyn, New York. In order to create the book, Ellison spent time in a real street gang in Brooklyn.

Pakistan Armed Forces

The Pakistan Armed Forces () are the overall unified military forces of Pakistan. The Pakistani military was first formed when the nation achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947.

Its component branches are:


Approximately 870,000 people are on active duty in the military which is the world's 5th largest armed force as of 2023 and 1,400,000 reserve personnel's. Combined with the 2,000,000 strong Paramilitary forces and the Coast Guard, the Military of Pakistan has a total size of nearly 4,270,000 people.

Pakistan Navy

Pakistan Navy () is the naval branch of the military of Pakistan. It is responsible for the defense Pakistan's coastline along the Arabian Sea and the defense of important harbors. It operates a wide range of ships ranging from cruisers to destroyers as well as submarines. Navy day is celebrated on September 8 in commemoration of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.

Spider Kiss

Spider Kiss (first called Rockabilly) is a 1961 book that was written by Harlan Ellison. The story follows the fast rise and fall of an early rock 'n' roll singer named Stag Preston.

Pakistan Air Force

Pakistan Air Force (, Pak Faza'ya) (PAF) is the Aviation branch of the Pakistan armed forces and is responsible for defending Pakistani air-space from intrusions. It also provides air support for ground troops. Every year on the 7th of September, the day after the annual celebration of the Pakistan Defense Day, the day is celebrated as the Air Force day in Pakistan. That day air shows and other programs mark the PAF's role in defending the nation.

The fighter fleet of PAF (Pakistan Air Force) comprise of J-10 C Vigorous Dragon, F-16 Fighting Flacon, JF-17 Thunder, Mirage III, Mirage V, F-7 P & PG Skybolt. However, for the training purposes, it uses Super Mushshak SMK, T-37 Tweet Bird and Karakorum K-8.

The Vines

The Vines are an Australian garage rock band from Sydney, Australia, notable for creating a musical combination of '60s rock and '90s alternative music. They have won an ARIA in 2002 for Breakthrough Artist and received nominations for six other awards in the same amount of years.

They also appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone in October 2002 (the first Australian band to do so since Men At Work in 1983) with the words "Rock is Back: meet the Vines" boldly emblazed underneath.




The Libertines

The Libertines were an indie rock band from London, England. They were formed in 1997 and broke up in 2004. The Libertines released two albums. Their second album "The Libertines" went straight to number one in the UK. It is in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die". The first single from the album, "Can't Stand Me Now", reached number two in the UK Singles Chart.

The Hives

The Hives are a Swedish rock band that started in 1993 but rose to fame in the early 2000s as a leading group of the garage rock revival, playing garage punk. Their breakthrough came with the release of the "best-of" compilation "Your New Favourite Band", featuring their most commercially successful song "Hate to Say I Told You So".



Interpol (band)

Interpol is an alternative rock band from New York City. Popular songs include Evil, PDA and NYC. The band's current members are Paul Banks, Daniel Kessler, and Sam Fogarino. Bassist Carlos Dengler departed the band in 2010.

Paul Banks is the artist name used by the lead vocalist and one of the guitarists in the band Interpol. He is American but was born in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, England. The family moved back to the USA, where his parents were from, when he was five. The family lived in Chicago, Illinois and Virginia Beach, Virginia. They also spent time in Europe and Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico before he attended college. 

He uses an alias in Interpol and in his solo work to separate life from work. In addition to Interpol, he has released one album, "Julian Plenti Is... Skyscraper" in 2009 and one EP, "Julian Plenti Lives..." in 2012, using the name "Julian Plenti". He also released one album, "Banks," in 2012, as "Paul Banks". A mixtape entitled "Everybody on My Dick Like They Supposed to Be" was made available to download on Datpiff in 2012. The tape has contributions from El-P, High Prizm, Talib Kweli and Mike G. 

Daniel Kessler - lead guitar.

Sam Fogarino - drums.

Interpol formed in the 1997 at NYU and signed to Matador Records in 2002. Their first album, "Turn On The Bright Lights" was released on August 20, 2002, through Matador Records. Well known singles and music videos from this album this include "Obstacle 1", "PDA" and "NYC". 

The band's second album, "Antics" was released September 28, 2004, also through Matador Records. Well known singles and music videos from this album include "Slow Hands", "Evil" and "C'mere". The "Evil" music video, directed by Charlie White is perhaps Interpol's best known. It shows a lifelike puppet surviving a car wreck. The meaning behind the song is much discussed, though Interpol have denied that it is about serial killers.

The band's third album, "Our Love To Admire" was released July 10, 2007 through Capitol Records. Well known singles and videos from this album include "The Heinrich Maneuver", "No I Threesome" and "Rest My Chemistry".

In July 2010, Interpol announced the departure of bassist Carlos Dengler. The fourth album, "Interpol", was released on September 7, 2010. Well known singles and videos from this album include "Barricade" and "Lights". The video for "Lights" was again directed by Charlie White.

The fifth album and most recent album, "El Pintor", was released on September 8, 2014. Well known singles and videos from this album include "All The Rage Back Home", "My Desire" and "Everything Is Wrong". 



Editors (band)

"This article is about the band called Editors. For help with editing Wikipedia, see ."

"<nowiki>"</nowiki>Editors<nowiki>"</nowiki> redirects here. For other uses, see Editor".
Editors are an indie rock band from England. They were formed in 2002. They were first called Pilot, then The Pride and also Snowfield. The band members are:

Editors have so far made two platinum albums, selling over two million copies around the world. Their first album, "The Back Room", came out in 2005. It had hit songs such as "Munich" and "Blood" and the following year was nominated for the Mercury Prize. Their next album "An End Has a Start" went to number one in the UK Album Chart in June 2007. It was nominated for a BRIT Award for best British Band. The second album also had a Top 10 hit single, "Smokers Outside the Hospital Doors".

After success in the charts, sold out tours and playing as the main act at many festivals, The Mail on Sunday newspaper said the Editors were the second biggest British band of the decade, after Arctic Monkeys. Their style of epic, sweeping, indie rock is often compared to the sound of bands such as Echo and the Bunnymen, Joy Division, Interpol and U2.


A Clash of Kings

A Clash of Kings is the second of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin. It was first released on 16 November 1998 in the United Kingdom, but the first United States edition did not come out until March 1999. It won the Locus Award in 1999 for Best Novel and was nominated for the Nebula Award in 2000 for Best Novel.


A Storm of Swords

A Storm of Swords is the third of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin. It was first released on 8 August 2000 in the United Kingdom, and in November 2000 in the United States.

"A Storm of Swords" won the 2001 Locus Award and 2002 Geffen Award for Best Novel and was nominated for the 2002 Nebula Award for Best Novel. It was also put up for the Hugo Award, but it lost to JK Rowling's novel "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".



A Feast for Crows

A Feast for Crows is the fourth of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin. The book was first released on 17 October 2005 in the United Kingdom, and in the United States on 8 November 2005.

Like "A Storm of Swords", "A Feast for Crows" was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel, and was also the first book in the series to get to the top of the "New York Times" bestseller list.



Zest (ingredient)

Zest is the outer skin of citrus fruit. Cooks use it to add strong flavor to foods.

Paprika

Paprika is a spice made from the grinding of dried sweet red bell peppers. The word comes from a Turkish word meaning "pepper". In many non-English speaking European countries, the word "paprika" also refers to bell peppers themselves. The seasoning is used in many cuisines to add color and flavor to cooked foods.

Clove

A clove ("Syzygium aromaticum", syn. "Eugenia aromaticum" or "Eugenia caryophyllata") is an aromatic dried flower bud of a tree in the family Myrtaceae. Cloves are native to Indonesia. A clove tree is an evergreen and grows to the height of 8-12 m. The part used in cookery is a dried flower bud. Cloves are harvested primarily in Zanzibar, Indonesia and Madagascar; it is also grown in India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, where they call it lavang.

Cloves are used in cooking, whole or ground. If you put whole cloves in a ham, they will impart their flavour to the meat. Dried cloves are a key spice in India.

Cloves were once traded in Portugal. Clove was once one of the most valuable spices, a kg costing 7 g of gold.

Myrtales

The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants. They are a basal group of dicotyledons. 


Myrtaceae

The Myrtaceae or Myrtle family are a family of dicotyledon plants, in the order Myrtales. Myrtle, clove, guava, feijoa, allspice, and "Eucalyptus" belong here. 

All species are woody, with essential oils, and flower parts in multiples of four or five. One character of the family is that the phloem is on both sides of the xylem, not just outside as in most other plants. The leaves are evergreen, alternate to mostly opposite, simple, and usually with an entire (not toothed) margin. The flowers have a base number of five petals, though in several genera the petals are minute or absent. The stamens are usually very conspicuous, brightly colored, and there are many of them.

Government of Pakistan

The Government of Pakistan (), uses a federal parliamentary system, with a President as the Head of State and an indirectly-elected Prime Minister as the Head of Government.

Syzygium

Syzygium is a genus of flowering plants, belonging to the myrtle family Myrtaceae. The genus comprises about 1100 species, and has a native range that extends from Africa and Madagascar through southern Asia east through the Pacific.


Junoon (band)

Junoon (, meaning "obsession" in Urdu and "madness" in Arabic) is one of Pakistan's most popular rock bands. It is from the city of Lahore. It was formed in 1990 by guitarist/songwriter/medical doctor Salman Ahmad. It comes in the genre of Sufi rock.

Transportation in Pakistan

Transportation in Pakistan is extensive and varied but still in its developing stages. It serves a population of over 170 million people. Construction of new airports, roads, and railway provides jobs for many people.

Rail services in Pakistan are provided by the state-run Pakistan Railways, under the supervision of the Ministry of Railways. Pakistan Railways provides an important mode of transportation in Pakistan. It does large-scale movement of people and freight. The railway network is long. Broad gauge is of that. There are of electrified track. The narrow gauge tracks form the remaining . Pakistan Railways also operate special trains for various occasions. The Freight Business Unit, with 12000 personnel, operates over 200 freight stations on the railway network. The FBU serves the Port of Karachi and Port Qasim as well as various other stations along the network. It moves agricultural, industrial and imported products such as wheat, coal, fertilizer, cement, and sugar. The freight rates structure is based on market trends in road transport which is the main competitor to rail transport.

The Karachi Circular Railway opened in the early 1940s. It is the only functioning metro in Pakistan. In 1976, Karachi was going to begin work on an underground metro system, but plans were put on hold. The Lahore Metro also serves from Gagu Matta to Shahadara.





During the 1990s, Pakistan began an ongoing project to rebuild all National Highways of Pakistan throughout the country to important financial, cargo and textile centers. The National Highway Authority (NHA) is responsible for the maintenance of all national highways in Pakistan.





The construction of motorways began in the early 1990s. The idea was to build a world class road network and to reduce the load off the heavily used national highways throughout the country. The M2 motorway was the first motorway completed in 1998. It links the cities of Islamabad and Lahore. Many new motorways have opened up including the M1 motorway and M3 motorway.


List of companies based in Tulsa, Oklahoma

Companies headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma

This list is very out of date and incomplete.



ONEOK

ONEOK, Inc. (pronounced like 'one oak') () is a diversified Fortune 200 corporation based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Founded in 1906 as Oklahoma Natural Gas Company, it is one of the largest natural gas distributors in the United States.


Ashley Force

Ashley Force (born November 29, 1982) is a funny car drag racer. She is the daughter of 14-time NHRA Funny Car division champion John Force and his wife Laurie Force.

Ashley Force is featured with her family on A&E's reality show "Driving Force".

Cottontail rabbit

Cottontail rabbits live in America. They are any of several North, Central and South American rabbit species of the genus "Sylvilagus".

Most cottontail rabbits of the genus have a short tail with a white underside that shows when they are running away. This gives them their name, "cottontails." However, this feature is not present in all cottontails. Some can be different.

The cottontail rabbit lives most across North America, Central America, and South America. Most species live in nests called "forms".

Cottontail rabbits do not get the disease myxomatosis as easily as European rabbits.


Selhurst Park

Selhurst Park is a football stadium in the London Borough of Croydon. It is home to Crystal Palace Football Club.

Zack de la Rocha

Zack de la Rocha (born January 12, 1970) is the lead singer of American rock band Rage Against the Machine. He was born in Long Beach, California.

Zack was interested in punk rock - including bands such as the Sex Pistols and the Clash - from a young age. In seventh grade, Zack played guitar in a punk band called Juvenile Expression, along with his friend Tim Commerford, who played bass. As a teenager, Zack grew to like hardcore punk bands such as Minor Threat and Fugazi, and joined Hardstance as a guitarist. In 1988, Hardstance changed it's name to Inside Out, and Zack became vocalist. Inside Out broke up in 1991. In August of that year, while performing in a club, Zack was approached by Los Angeles local musicians Tom Morello, a guitarist, and Brad Wilk, a drummer and the three agreed to form a band called Rage Against the Machine, which was the name of a song Zack had written when he was vocalist. De la Rocha asked former Juvenile Expression bandmate Tim Commerford to play bass, and he agreed.

As a teenager, de la Rocha became a vegetarian for ethical reasons.

Zack wrote most of Rage Against the Machine's songs, with lyrics that talked about politics and current events. The band signed with Epic Records in 1992 and released three original albums between 1992 and 1999- "Rage Against the Machine" in 1992, "Evil Empire" in 1996, and "The Battle of Los Angeles" in 1999. Zack left the band in October, 2000 for "political and creative differences". A fourth album, "Renegades", was released in December.

On January 22, 2007, it was announced that they would reunite to play a show in Coachella, California. Since then, the band has been active in political causes and is planning to release a new album in 2011.

Fire triangle

The fire triangle is used to show the rule that a fire needs three things to burn. These things are heat, fuel, and oxygen. If one of these three is removed, the fire will be put out. In the middle of the fire triangle there is also a chemical reaction.

Without heat, a fire cannot begin. If fire becomes cool enough, it will not keep burning. Heat can be removed by using water. This only works on some types of fire. Separating burning fuels from each other can also reduce the heat. In forest fires, burning logs are separated and placed into safe areas where there is no other fuel. Turning off the electricity in an electrical fire removes the heat source, but other fuels may have caught fire. They will continue burning until the firefighters deal with them and their fire triangles. Without oxygen, a fire can not start. Oxygen may be removed from a fire by covering it in some way. Some foams and heavy gases (for example, carbon dioxide) are often used for this. The fire can also be closed off away from a source of oxygen. Once all the oxygen in the closed off area is used by the fire, it will go out if it cannot get more oxygen because it needs oxygen. And can be used

Modus ponens

Modus ponendo ponens is a valid, simple argument form in classical logic sometimes referred to as affirming the antecedent or the law of detachment. It is closely related to another valid form of argument, "modus tollens" or "denying the consequent".

"Modus ponens" is a very common rule of inference, and takes the following form: 


Angelo State University

Angelo State University is a public university in San Angelo, Texas. It started in 1928. As of 2008, it had about 6,150 students.

The sports teams at Angelo State are called Rams for the men and Rambelles for the women.


Nicaragua

Nicaragua is a country in Central America. It is officially called the Republic of Nicaragua (). It has a size of 129,494 square kilometres. It is the largest country in Central America. It borders Honduras to the north and Costa Rica to the south. The capital of the country is Managua. Managua is the third-largest city in Central America. It is also the biggest city of Nicaragua. Almost a quarter of the population lives in the capital city. 

The population of Nicaragua is approximately 6 million. The population is multicultural. The population includes indigenous native tribes from the Miskito Coast, Europeans, Africans, and Asians. The main language is Spanish. Some native tribes on the eastern coast speak their native languages. Some of these languages are Miskito, Sumo, and Rama. Some people speak English Creole. Creole is a curious mix-match of English, Dutch, French, Portuguese and Spanish. It dates back to the days when pirates hid out among the islands and cays that make up the coastline. The mixture of cultures has created diversity in art and literature. Some famous Nicaraguan writers are Rubén Darío, Ernesto Cardenal, and Gioconda Belli. The International Poetry Festival held each February in Granada attracts poets and fans from all over the world. Unlike the majority of Latin American countries, Nicaraguans do not see soccer as their main sport. Baseball is king here, an influence from the years of United States occupation in the early 20th century. Music in Nicaragua is the same as elsewhere in the region. The traditional Latin styles like salsa and meringue rule. The Caribbean side has its own Caribbean Island vibe, as well as the traditional Garifuna Punta style. 

The biological diversity, warm tropical climate, and active volcanoes make Nicaragua an increasingly popular tourist destination.

Battle of the Bands

In music, a Battle of the Bands is a contest where many bands compete against each other to see who is the "best" band. Battles of the Bands are most common with rock music bands. The winner is usually chosen by judges or by the reaction of the audience to a band's performance. The winner can then receive a prize which could be money or a recording contract.

Lalon Shah Bridge

Lalon Shah Bridge is the second longest bridge in Bangladesh. Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia inaugurated the bridge at a ceremony held at Paksey. The bridge directly connects the north-western and south-western regions of the country by road. The river Padma had separated the two regions.

The 1.8 K.M long bridge has been constructed parallel to historic Hardinge Railway Bridge over the river Padma with the financial assistance from Japan. To construct the bridge, the Government of Japan through JBIC extended soft ODA Yen loan to Bangladesh in two phases. The first phase loan agreement was signed between Bangladesh and Japan on July 01, 1997 while the second phase loan agreement on March 31, 2001. The total cost of the bridge is US $ 184 million of which JBIC contributed US $ 141 million, which is about 80% of the total cost.

An inauguration ceremony was held at the bridge site at Paksey on May 18, 2004. Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia was the Chief Guest while Ambassador of Japan to Bangladesh H.E. Mr. Matsushiro Horiguchi spoke as the special guest. Mr. Ryutaro Koga, Deputy Director General of JBIC Tokyo read out the message from JBIC Governor Mr. Kyosuke Shinozawa in the ceremony. Mr. Tsutomu Uchida, Chief Representative of JBIC Dhaka was present, among others, in the function.

The Lalon Shah Bridge has some of the deepest concrete piles in the world and the longest continuous segmental deck in the world, erected by using the balanced cantilever technique.

Charlotte Moore Sitterly

Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly (September 24, 1898 – March 3, 1990) was an American astronomer.

Charlotte Moore was born in Ercildoun, Pennsylvania. She graduated from Swarthmore College in 1920 and went on to Princeton to assist Henry Norris Russell. During this time, she worked at the Princeton University Observatory and the Mt. Wilson Observatory. She worked much on solar spectroscopy, studying the spectral lines of the Sun and identifying the chemical elements in the Sun. She earned a Ph.D. in astronomy in 1931 from the University of California, Berkeley on a Lick Fellowship. She then returned to Princeton.

During her second stay at Princeton, she met and married Bancroft W. Sitterly, who became a physics professor. She joined the then National Bureau of Standards (NBS) in 1945. Her tables of atomic spectra and energy levels, published by NBS, have remained essential references in spectroscopy for decades.

Later in her life, it became possible to launch instruments on rockets and she extended her work to the ultraviolet spectral lines.

Widzew Łódź

Widzew Łódź is a Polish football (soccer) club from Łódź, Poland.

The club was started in 1910 and currently plays in the (the highest league in Poland). They have won the Polish league four times (1981, 1982, 1996 and 1997). Their official colours are red-white-red.

Palestinian territories

The Palestinian territories usually refers to the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Their final status has yet to be determined. The territories were originally part of the Israeli Civil Administration, until the Oslo Accords in 1993. They were captured and occupied by Jordan and by Egypt in the late 1940s. Israel captured the areas in the Six-Day War in 1967. Palestinian territories border Jordan in the east, Israel in the west. It also borders Egypt on the southwest, which shares the maritime boundary of the Dead Sea.

After the Oslo Accords were signed in 1993, parts of the territories have been governed by the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). Both Israel and the PNA claim East Jerusalem, which was captured by Israel in 1967. In 1980, Israel made a law to include East Jerusalem as part of Israel. This has not been recognized by any other country. Part of Judea and Samaria is ruled by the Israeli 'Judea and Samaria Civil Administration'. This has not been recognized by any other country.

Since the Palestinian Declaration of Independence in 1988, about 130 UN members have recognized the State of Palestine. Israel and the United States have not.

West Indies Federation

The West Indies Federation, also known as the Federation of the West Indies, was a short-lived Caribbean federation. It lasted from January 3, 1958 to May 31, 1962. It was made of several Caribbean colonies of the United Kingdom. The expressed intention of the Federation was to make a political unit that would become independent from Britain as a single state—possibly similar to the Canadian Confederation, or Australian Federation. Before that could happen, the Federation collapsed due to internal political conflicts.

A Little Bit Longer

A Little Bit Longer is the third hit studio album by American teen pop-rock band "The Jonas Brothers". The album was released August 12, 2008 in the United States. The title of the album, "A Little Bit Longer", comes from their song of the same name, which Nick Jonas wrote about his dealings with having type one diabetes. The album artwork was released by Team Jonas, the Jonas Brothers' official fan club, to fan club members via an e-mail newsletter on June 20, 2008. Like their last album, this one also features that includes more than 30 pages of bonus features with exclusive video performance, 60 printable photos, complete album lyrics, downloadable graphics, and hidden links. In addition, the packaging of the album is made from 100% recycled materials.



A Little Bit Longer (song)

A Little Bit Longer is a song by the pop band "Jonas Brothers". The song is the last original track on the album "A Little Bit Longer". 

"Track listing"
"Track listing"


Antioxidant

An antioxidant is a molecule that can slow or stop the oxidation, or electron transfer, of other molecules. 

Antioxidants can be found in food.

Antioxidants are molecules that relieve oxidative stress by preventing the formation and oxidation of free radicals. Antioxidants donate one of their electrons or hydrogen to free radicals, stopping their chain reaction. Found in our diet (for example, in vitamins) or formed inside our body (like enzymes), antioxidants can protect us from the damaging effects of free radicals.

The best way to combat free radicals is to have a diet of fresh fruits and vegetables, red wine, and green tea. These functional foods are rich in phytochemicals with antioxidant properties. Health supplements enriched with antioxidants are also now widely available.


Marshmallow

A marshmallow is a candy that is made of sugar or corn syrup, water, and gelatin, that has been pre-softened in hot water, dextrose, and flavorings, whipped to a spongy consistency. Marshmallows are used in several types of candies, on foods, and on some drinks such as hot chocolate.

The weight of a single portion of marshmallows is about (four large marshmallows or a half cup of mini marshmallows)

Coen brothers

Joel David Coen and Ethan Jesse Coen are movie directors, producers and screenwriters. They are brothers and always work together. They have won many awards including the Academy Award "(Oscar)" four times and the Palme d'Or at the Cannes International Film Festival. Their movies are different genres. They sometimes make movies that are funny like "Raising Arizona" or movies with a lot of violence like "No Country for Old Men". They can also mix both styles like, for example in "Fargo".

They write, direct and produce their movies and they share the credits. People sometimes call them "A two-headed director" because when actors who work in their movies have a question they can ask either Joel or Ethan and get the same answer.

Joel was born on November 29, 1954 and Ethan on September 21, 1957 in St. Louis Park, Minnesota near Minneapolis in the United States. Their parents were teachers, their father taught economy and their mother art history. Joel bought a camera and with it they started making new versions of the movies they saw on television.

When they finished high school, Joel studied movie at Bard College at Simon's Rock in Massachusetts and Ethan studied philosophy at Princeton University.

They are married. Joel married actress Frances McDormand in 1984 (she has acted in six of their movies). Ethan is married to Tricia Cook who edits their movies. They live in New York with their families.

Their first movie, "Blood Simple" (1984), follows the story of a bar-owner who asks a detective to murder his wife and her lover. The Cohens directed, but only Joel appears in the credits and he accepted awards at Sundance and Independent Spirit.

They wrote the screenplay for the Sam Raimi movie, "Crimewave" in 1985.

In 1987 they wrote and directed "Raising Arizona". The movie is about a couple that cannot have babies and decides to steal one. Nicolas Cage and Holly Hunter played the married couple. The movie was not very successful and it did not make a lot of money in the box offices but many people consider it a cult movie (a movie that has a relatively small number of fans who constantly repeat lines from the dialogs, buy or create merchandise and gather to comment on it).

Their next movie was "Miller's Crossing". It is about gangsters and was made in 1990.

After "Miller's Crossing", "Raising Arizona" and "Blood Simple", the brothers received good comments on their movies and their directing style as well as the dialogs in their movies. It was not until they made "Barton Fink" in 1991 that the brothers achieved international fame. The movie was nominated for Academy Awards. It won three awards at Cannes International Film Festival (the Palme d'Or, best director, and best actor). The story is about a playwright (a person who writes plays) whose name is Barton Fink and he moves to Los Angeles to write movies. Fink is played by John Turturro.

After "Barton Fink"'s success, the brothers had the chance to make a big-budget movie (with more money than the previous ones). That movie was "The Hudsucker Proxy". The story talks about a man who is given the opportunity to be the director of a big company because the other people in the company (the board) want to buy it at a low price so they intend to have him ruin it. Instead of ruining the company, the man invents the hula hoop and becomes famous.
The Coens had 25 million dollars to make this movie but it only earned 3 million so it is considered a commercial failure (not successful). The critics said the movie was not good because it had nothing new to offer the viewers.

The brothers made another movie in 1996 with a little money. The name was "Fargo". It was universally praised (almost everybody said it was good). They returned to Minnesota because the story takes place there and in North Dakota. The story is about a man who needs money to start his own business so he pays other men to kidnap his wife and plans to ask his rich father-in-law for the ransom (money given in exchange for the woman). Everything goes wrong and a series of violent events starts.
Experts say the movie was very good because of the dialog used by the actors (they used different accents) and Frances McDormand's performance (acting). She won the Best Actress Oscar. The brothers also won Best Original Screenplay and the Palme d'Or for Best Directing for a second time.

By 1998 they were famous for their style and talent and they made another movie "The Big Lebowski", a comedy about a man who does not work and spends his time bowling. The man's name is Jeffrey Lebowski so some guys mistake him for a millionaire who has the same name. Fans of the movie consider it a cult movie.

Inspired by parts of Homer's Odyssey, "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" (2000), received wide critical acclaim.

In 2001 they created "The Man Who Wasn't There". The movie is supposed to be in 1940's in California.

In 2003 they directed "Intolerable Cruelty". It is their most mainstream movie (the movie that is closest to the most common or popular genres). The leading roles are played by George Clooney and Catherine Zeta-Jones.

They worked with Tom Hanks in "The Ladykillers" in 2004. A previous version had been made before (not by the brothers) in 1955.

"No Country for Old Men" came out in 2007. The movie is based on the book with the same name written by Corman McCarthy.

"A Serious Man", set in the 1960s in the suburbs of Minneapolis, came out in 2009.

The Coen brothers are two of only seven directors with three Oscars for the same movie.

1991: "Barton Fink"

1996: "Fargo"

2000: "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"

2001: "The Man Who Wasn't There"

2007: "No Country for Old Men"

2009: "A Serious Man"

2010: "True Grit"

1996: "Fargo"

2000: "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"

2001: "The Man Who Wasn't There"

2007: "No Country for Old Men"

2008: "Burn After Reading"

2009: "A Serious Man"

2010: "True Grit"

1998: The Big Lebowski

1991: "Barton Fink"

1994: "The Hudsucker Proxy"

1996: "Fargo"

2000: "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"

2001: "The Man Who Wasn't There"

2004: "The Ladykillers"

2007: "No Country for Old Men"

Find a Way (A Tribe Called Quest song)

"Find a Way" is a single released off of the album by alternative hip hop band A Tribe Called Quest was taken from their fifth studio album "The Love Movement".

The Picture of Dorian Gray

The Picture of Dorian Gray is the only published book written by Oscar Wilde. It was first published in Lippincott's Monthly Magazine on June 20, 1890. Later, Wilde was asked to edit this version, and it was published again in April 1891. The story is often incorrectly called "The Portrait of Dorian Gray".

"The Picture of Dorian Gray" tells about a young man named Dorian Gray who has a portrait painted of himself. The artist, Basil Hallward, thinks Dorian Gray is very beautiful, and becomes obsessed with Dorian. One day in Basil's garden, Dorian Gray meets a man named Lord Henry Wotton. Lord Henry Wotton makes Dorian Gray believe that the only thing important in life is beauty. However, Dorian realizes that he will become less beautiful as he grows older. He wishes the portrait Basil painted would become old in his place. Dorian then sells his soul so he can be beautiful forever, but not on purpose.

Dorian's wish comes true. However, every time Dorian does something evil, mean, or selfish, his picture ages. For 18 years, Dorian does not age. He does many bad things, while his portrait becomes more aged with each bad deed. Later on, Dorian decides to stop doing bad things in the hopes that this will make his portrait become beautiful again, but it only makes it worse. Dorian thinks that only a full confession will make the portrait beautiful again. However, he does not feel guilty for anything he has done. So Dorian picks up a knife and destroys the portrait.

When his servants hear a scream from the room Dorian is in, they call the police. The police find Dorian's body on the floor with a stab wound in his heart. His body has become very aged. However, the portrait has returned to the way it was when it was first painted.

The Little Red Book

The Little Red Book (official title Quotations from Chairman Mao Zedong ) is a book of the sayings of Mao Zedong. The preface was written by Lin Biao. 

It was put out by the military newspaper of the People's Republic of China from April 1964 until about 1976. The book is a collection of quotes taken from Mao Zedong's speeches and books. Its popular title "The Little Red Book" describes its size and appearance: it was specially designed for easy carrying.


Scouting for Boys

Scouting for Boys: A Handbook for Instruction in Good Citizenship is the first book on the Scout Movement, put out in 1908. It was written by Robert Baden-Powell, the starter of the Scout Movement. It is the fourth bestselling book of the 20th century.

Wii Sports Resort

Wii Sports Resort is a sports video game for the Wii. It is a sequel to "Wii Sports" and was released in Summer 2009. The game comes bundled with the Wii MotionPlus device, which is required to play the game, and another Wii Remote Jacket. Both of these are also sold separately. The game is set in a beach resort called Wuhu Island.

"Wii Sports Resort" is a collection of different sports games. There are twelve different sports. Two sports, Golf and Bowling, were also in "Wii Sports".

"Wii Sports Resort" is played similarly to "Wii Sports". Players use the Wii Remote to do different things, such as swinging a sword or throwing a basketball. The game uses the Wii MotionPlus to make these movements more accurate. Up to 4 people can play at the same time, but some sports (like Swordplay) only let 1 or 2 people play at the same time.


Wii Chess

Wii Chess is a video game for the Wii console. It was made by Nintendo. The game was released on January 18, 2008 in Europe. Under the name Tsuushin Taikyoku: World Chess, it was released as a downloadable WiiWare title in Japan on September 30, 2008.

The game is played using the Wii Remote. The game features an option that gives players new to chess instructions on how each piece should move across the board. Players are also able to replay their games at a later time. Players can also play online against other players with the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, with Wii Chess players being able to compete against players of World Chess and Wii Chess players play against World Chess Players.

Naked Lunch

Naked Lunch (sometimes referred to as The Naked Lunch) is a novel by William S. Burroughs originally published in 1959. This is the third novel written by the Beat Generation writer, although only his second to be published.

The book was originally published with the title "The Naked Lunch" in Paris in 1959 by Olympia Press. An American edition by Grove Press followed soon after in 1962. The American edition was titled "Naked Lunch" and was different from the Olympia Press edition.

"Time" magazine included the novel in its ""TIME"" 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005".

On the Road

On the Road is a novel by American writer Jack Kerouac, written in April 1951, and published in 1957. Most of it is autobiographical and was written based on the road trips of Kerouac and his friends across mid-century America and is often considered a defining work of the postwar Beat Generation.

When the book was originally released, the "New York Times" hailed it as "the most beautifully executed, the clearest and most important utterance" of Kerouac's generation. The novel was chosen by "TIME" Magazine as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005.


William Faulkner

William Faulkner (born William Cuthbert Falkner), (September 25, 1897–July 6, 1962) was an American author. One of the most influential writers of the twentieth century, he was awarded the 1949 Nobel Prize in Literature. His reputation is based on his novels, novellas, and short stories. However, he was also a published poet and also was a screenwriter. He is now deemed among the greatest American writers of all time.

Faulkner received the 1949 Nobel Prize for Literature for "his powerful and artistically unique contribution to the modern American novel." He donated a portion of his Nobel winnings "to establish a fund to support and encourage new fiction writers," eventually resulting in the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. He donated another portion to a local Oxford bank to establish an account to provide scholarship funds to help educate African-American education majors at nearby Rust College in Holly Springs, Mississippi.

Faulkner won two Pulitzer Prizes for what are considered as his "minor" novels: his 1954 novel "A Fable," which took the Pulitzer in 1955, and the 1962 novel, "The Reivers," which was posthumously awarded the Pulitzer in 1963. He also won two National Book Awards, first for his "Collected Stories" in 1951 and once again for his novel "A Fable" in 1955.

In 1946, Faulkner was one of three finalists for the first "Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine" Award. He came in second to Manly Wade Wellman.

The PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction has its name, in part, as a tribute to Faulkner, because he was one of the main inspirations of Mary Lee Settle, a founder of the PEN/Faulkner Foundation; Faulkner was an inspiration because he used his 1949 Nobel Prize money to fund awards for younger writers.

In 1987, the United States Postal Service issued a 22 cent postage stamp in his honor.





Arthur Miller

Arthur Miller (October 17, 1915 – February 10, 2005) was an American playwright. His best known plays are "All My Sons", "Death of a Salesman" and "The Crucible". He wrote for the movie "The Misfits" while married to Marilyn Monroe. She acted in this movie.

Arthur Miller's family was a rich Jewish family from New York City. During the Great Depression in the 1930s, his family's business was forced to close down and they lost all their money. Because Miller wanted to go to university, he had to work in a warehouse. He studied economics and history at the University of Michigan as well as working for the school newspaper which helped him learn how to write plays. He married Mary Slaughterhouse in 1940.

In Miller’s childhood, his family had money issues. That influenced his writings. He often includes the theme of financial problems which is a result of everything he had seen as a child. Another thing that influenced him a lot was Greek literature. Miller once said that he liked to read Greek literature for ideas to write about. The readers are able to see it in his writing style and the element he uses in his writing.

In 1936 his very first play, "No Villain," was produced and gained a huge success. The play won him a Hopwood Award and people started to get to know him. In 1944, Miller had his first play in the theater on Broadway in New York City, called "The Man Who Had All the Luck". Not many people liked it so this play was stopped after one week. However, three years later, his play "All My Sons" became very popular. This play won the Pulitzer Prize for drama. In 1949, he wrote "Death of a Salesman", a story about the American Dream, it addresses the loss of identity and a man who's unable to accept change within himself and society. In 1953, he wrote "The Crucible", a story about the Salem Witch Trials. He wrote this because of the McCarthyism of the 1950s, the fear that communism would take over America. A few years later, Miller was blamed for being a communist himself. He had to answer questions from the House Un-American Activities Committee, a group that Senator Joseph McCarthy made.



Miller was an atheist.

In 1956, Miller divorced Mary Slaughterhouse so he could marry the actress Marilyn Monroe. During this marriage, he wrote for the movie "The Misfits". Monroe acted in this movie. After five years of marriage, Monroe divorced him.

The following year, Miller married again. The photographer Inge Morath was his third wife, and they were together until she died in 2002. They had two children. His son, Daniel, was born with Down Syndrome. Miller put him in a hospital and did not want to see him again. His daughter, Rebecca, who married actor Daniel Day-Lewis, asked Miller several times to contact his hospitalised son.

In 1964, Miller produced the play "After The Fall" that talks about the marriage with Marilyn Monroe. Later on, during the mid 1990s, he wrote three new plays, including "The Ride Down Mt. Morgan", "The Last Yankee" and "Broken Glasses".

On February 10, 2005, Miller died of heart disease. He was 89.
Miller's ideas influence the society a lot. For example, the way of writing has changed a lot. He often writes about the experience of being human in a very raw but very loving way. He once said that “Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets” which later on has a huge impact on people. Another influence on society is that the way people write stage plays have changed a lot. People tend to focus on characters more than anything else. Miller believes that “the theater is so endlessly fascinating because it's so accidental (happens by chance). It's so much like life.” It reflects on his writing because he likes to write more on the bonds between individual and society rather than only character.

Oral sex

Oral sex is when one partner uses the tongue, mouth or throat to excite the other partner's sex organs. For males it can include placing the penis in one's mouth and for females licking the vulva.

Sometimes oral sex is performed as a way of getting ready for intercourse, but it may be done as an alternative to intercourse. 

If someone is performing oral sex on a male, he or she may decide to swallow the semen if the male ejaculates in the mouth. There is no risk of pregnancy from swallowing semen.

One can get sexually transmitted diseases from oral sex, such as herpes simplex (which can be passed between mouth and groin or the other way). Some STDs, like HIV, are much harder to pass through oral sex, but it is still possible.

The technical term for oral sex is fellatio if performed on a male and cunnilingus if performed on a female. Slang for oral sex is common in Western cultures, for example: "going down on" or "giving a blowjob" or "giving head."


Chartreuse (color)

Chartreuse green is the color halfway between yellow and green on the RGB and RYB color wheel, with the hex code of #80FF00.

"Chartreuse green" (the web color known as "chartreuse" since the X11 colors were created in 1987 and then renamed the X11 web colors in 1991) is a web color that was named because it looked like the green color of a French liqueur called "green chartreuse", made since 1764. Before 1987, this color was called "yellow-green", but that name is now used for the web color "yellow-green", a medium dark shade of chartreuse green shown in the color chart below. 

The color "chartreuse yellow" (the traditional color originally called "chartreuse" since 1892) is a yellow color mixed with a small amount of green that was named because it looked similar to the yellow color of a French liqueur called "yellow chartreuse", introduced in 1838. The color chartreuse yellow is shown on the color chart below. Chartreuse yellow is the color halfway between lime and yellow on the RGB color wheel. 



Clyde F.C.

Clyde Football Club is a Scottish professional football team based in the town of Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire. They are members of the Scottish Football League and currently play in Scottish League One.

Jouke de Vries

Jouke de Vries (born September 26, 1960 in Deersum) is a Dutch academic.

He studied political sciences at the University of Amsterdam and has been working at the group Leaderships Art at the University of Leiden since 1984. De Vries was promoted and got his degree in 1989 from H. Daudt. en H. Daalder for the article he wrote on "Ground Politics and Cabinet Crisis in the Netherlands". He almost became faction leader of the Partij van de Arbeid (the Dutch Labour Party), but narrowly lost to Wouter Bos. He teaches students at Leiden University. He is a professor on Political Sciences (Dutch:Hoogleraar) and teaching is his profession. He is a columnist for a Dutch language website. 

Jouke de Vries lives in Leiden near the University where he teaches. He married in 1986 and has two sons and a daughter. 

Dundee F.C.

Dundee Football Club, founded in 1893, are a football team based in the city of Dundee, Scotland. They are nicknamed "The Dee" or "The Dark Blues" and play their home matches at Dens Park. Their home shirt colour is dark blue.

Dundee FC currently play in the Scottish Championship, having been relegated from the Scottish Premiership in 2019. The team is currently managed by James McPake. 

Unusually for a city of its size, Dundee supports two senior professional football teams, Dundee FC and Dundee United. Their grounds are within a few hundred yards of each other and are the two closest professional football grounds in the United Kingdom.

Siamang

The Siamang ("Symphalangus syndactylus") is a tailless, black furred gibbon native to the forests of Malaysia, Thailand, and Sumatra. It lives in trees, that's why it is called arboreal. The Siamang is the largest of the lesser apes. It can grow to be twice the size of other gibbons. Siamangs grow to about 1 m in height, and weigh up to 23 kg. The Siamang is the only species in the genus Symphalangus.

The Siamang is different form other gibbons. In Siamangs, two fingers on each hand are fused together, that's where the name "syndactylus" is from. Siamangs have large "gular sacs". These can be found in both males and females. The gular sac is a throat pouch that can be inflated to the size of its head. This allows the Siamang to make loud resonating calls or songs.

There may be two subspecies of the Siamang. If so, they are the nominate Sumatran Siamang ("S. s. syndactylus") and the Malaysian Siamang ("S. s. continentis", in peninsular Malaysia). Otherwise, the Malaysian individuals are only a population. The Siamang is the only gibbon which occurs sympatrically with other gibbons; its two ranges are entirely within the combined ranges of the Agile Gibbon and the Lar Gibbon.

The Siamang can live over 30 years in captivity.

While the illegal buying and selling of pets takes a toll on wild populations, the main threat to the Siamang is habitat loss in both Malaysia and Sumatra. Palm oil production is clearing lots of forest, reducing the habitat of the Siamang, along with that of other species such as the Sumatran Tiger.

Caroline Unger

Caroline Unger (28 October 1803 in Vienna - 23 March 1877 in Florence) was an Austrian singer.

She studied music in Italy. Her first scene was in her hometown in 1821. She plays a role in Cosi fan tutte written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. 3 years later she was singing in the symphony No. 9 of Ludwig van Beethoven.

In 1841, she married François Sabatie. She then stopped performing.

Jeremias Gotthelf

Albert Bitzius (October 4, 1797 – October 22, 1854) was a Swiss novelist and pastor. He is probably more famous by his pen name Jeremias Gotthelf. He was born in Murten, where his father was pastor.

In 1804 the family moved to Utzenstorf, a village in the Bernese Emmental. Bitzius gew up there and received his early education. He also had to help his father to cultivate his glebe. In 1812 he went to complete his education at Bern, and in 1820 was received as a pastor. In 1821 he visited the University of Göttingen, but returned home in 1822 to act as his father's assistant. When his father died in 1824, he went to Herzogenbuchsee as a priest. In 1829, he went to Bern. Early in 1831 he went to help the old pastor of the village of Lützelflüh, in the Upper Emmenthal (between Langnau and Burgdorf). In 1832 he was chosen as his successor. He married one of his granddaughters in 1833. He spent the rest of his life there, leaving three children (the son was a pastor, the two daughters married pastors).

His first work, the "Bauernspiegel", appeared in 1837. It claimed to be the life of Jeremias Gotthelf, narrated by himself, and this name was later adopted by the author as his pen name. It is a living picture of Bernese (or, strictly speaking, Emmenthal) village life, true to nature, and not attempting to gloss over its defects and failings. It is written (like the rest of his works) in German, but contains expressions from the Bernese dialect of the Emmenthal. Unlike Auerbach, Bitzius was not a peasant by birth, but belonged to the educated classes. He reproduces what he had seen and learnt, and not what he had himself personally experienced. The book was a great success, as it was a picture of real life, and not of fancifully beribboned eighteenth-century villagers.

His best known work is without doubt the short novel "Die Schwarze Spinne" (The Black Spider), a semi-allegorical tale of the plague in form of the titular monster that devastates a Swiss valley community; first as a result of a pact with the devil born out of need and a second time due to the moral decay that releases the monster from its prison again.

Among his later tales are the "Leiden und Freuden eines Schulmeisters" (1838-1839), "Uli der Knecht" (1841), with its continuation, "Uli der Pächter" (1849), "Anne-Bäbi Jowäger" (1843-1844), "Käthi, die Großmutter" (1846), "Die Käserei in der Vehfreude" (1850), and the "Erlebnisse eines Schuldenbauers" (1853). He also published several volumes of shorter tales.

One slight drawback to some of his writings is the echo of local political controversies, for Bitzius was a Whig and strongly opposed to the Radical party in the canton, which carried the day in 1846.

He died on October 22, 1854 in Lützelflüh in the Canton of Bern.

Lives by C. Manuel, in the Berlin edition of Bitzius's works (Berlin, 1861), and by J. Ammann in vol. i. (Bern, 1884) of time "Sammlung Bernischer Biographien". His works were issued in 24 vols. at Berlin, 1856-1861, while 10 vols., giving the original text of each story, were issued at Bern, 1898-1900.

The article is available here .


CBBC (TV channel)

CBBC (Children's BBC) is the name of a television channel that often shows children's programmes. The programmes are meant for children that are now between 7 and 14 years old in 2023. The "Children's BBC" name began on 9 September 1985. Before then there were BBC children's programmes, but they were not branded under one name. The name "CBBC" was used informally since 1990, and became the official name in 1997.

CBBC programmes are shown on BBC One, BBC Two and the CBBC Channel. CBBC has a sister brand, CBeebies, for children under 6. The CBBC brands for BBC One and BBC Two are "CBBC One" and "CBBC Two".

CBBC is run by the BBC Children's department, who make the programmes for children up to the age of 16. Most of their offices are in the East Tower of the BBC Television Centre, with some programmes coming from Scotland and Bristol. CBBC produces a whole range of programme types, including drama, news, entertainment and educational programmes.

Since February 2006, the Controller of the BBC Children's department has been Richard Deverell. The department splits output into age groups:


Anne Gilchrist is Creative Director of CBBC, and Michael Carrington is Creative Director of CBeebies.

Monday 3 September 2007 saw the fifth CBBC relaunch. As part of the relaunch, new logos, idents, interactive services, programmes and presenters were introduced. The previous computer generated backgrounds used from December 2006 were replaced by a real set.

Ed Petrie became the chief continuity presenter, accompanied by a puppet sidekick "Oucho T. Cactus" (operated and voiced by Warrick Brownlow-Pike). They regularly present live, weekday afternoon links on the CBBC channel with Petrie voicing pre-recorded, out-of-vision announcements during for weekdays on BBC One. On 29 August 2008, they went on extended leave to record a new series for CBBC - they returned to continuity duties on 1 December 2008. During this period, relief presenter Holly Walsh presented weekday afternoon links for the channel with Dunceton the Talking Brain.

Anne Foy presented pre-recorded in-vision links at the weekend alongside her dog, Elliot, until her departure in March 2008. Foy was replaced by two new presenters, Ben Hanson and Ciaran Joyce, who previously appeared in CBBC show "The Story of Tracy Beaker". They have since been replaced by comedy double act Dan and Jeff.

The idents were replaced with new ones in 2014, but the logo stayed the same.

On Monday 14 March 2016, CBBC got a whole new look, which saw a new logo, plus new idents and presentation.
CBBC HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels CBeebies HD, BBC Four HD, BBC Three HD and BBC News HD.

"CBBC extra" is a free interactive television service from CBBC. It is found on the BBCi pages. It is accessible from the CBBC Channel by pressing the red button and then selecting "CBBC extra". It can also be accessed from any other BBCi page by pressing 570.

The service is different on different digital platforms, for example Sky viewers can access the video loop. But it is only available on Freeview when BBCi is not showing other interactive services, like sports events.

CBBC extra offers games, the UK Top 40 music, jokes sent in by viewers, "Nev's Horoscopes", and a weekly competition. The current presenter of CBBC extra is Ed Petrie.

It has been discontinued since CBBC last changed its logo.

This new feature allows the viewers to play a quiz. There are 15 levels, each containing 5 up to 10 questions. Viewers can also send in their questions which could be shown on the service. The "CBBC Quiz" can be from the CBBC extra page, by selecting the option called "CBBC Quiz". This option is also available on the main interactive menu on the "CBBC Channel", by pressing the red button. 

The CBBC website has a wide range of activities, such as games, puzzles, message boards and frequently updated news and more stuff. The website is found .

CBBC+1 HD on Comedy Central Extra is a Free-to-Air Television Channel, but Then CBeebies Channel

Likes is From Comedy Central +1 Channel last From CBeebies HD on Comedy Central +1 Links launched: 2 August and Closed: 5 July 2017 like Comedy Central Extra +1 repair This channel Due from FTL - BBC+1 on 5 July 2017 at 5:17:18pm, and the Channel was Closed like BBC Broadcast now.

"Adventure Rock" (renamed from CBBC World) is a virtual online world that launched on 1 March 2008. Press releases have stated "it would allow digitally literate children the access to characters and resources they had come to expect. Users would be able to build an online presence, known as an avatar, then create and share content."

The main points of the system are safety and responsibility online, with no chatrooms or the financial aspects available in other online worlds such as "Second Life".

Controller of Children's BBC Richard Deverell said: ""Adventure Rock" is a good example of the way we need to go. The thing that interests me is that children are at the vanguard. And that is where we are taking Children's BBC."and still fun.


Brisingr

The Seven Promises of Eragon Shadeslayer and Saphira Bjartskular, better known as Brisingr, is the third book of the "Inheritance Cycle" by Christopher Paolini. It comes after the books "Eragon" and "Eldest". It was released on September 20, 2008. The title means "fire" in the fictional Ancient Language of Alagaesia.

The book sold 550,000 copies on its first day of sale, the most ever for a Random House Children's Book.


Mermaid

A mermaid is a mythological creature with a female human head and upper body and the tail of a fish. Mermaids are said to live mostly in the water, although sometimes they are known to come out of the water and sit on the large rocks above the sea. It was thought that they would make boats crash with their siren-like calls.

The word is a compound of mere, the Old English word for "sea", and maid, a woman. The male equivalent is a merman.
Much like sirens, mermaids sometimes sing to people and gods and enchant them, distracting them from their work and causing them to walk off the deck or run their ships aground. Other stories depict them squeezing the life out of drowning men while attempting to rescue them. They are also said to carry humans down to their underwater kingdoms or drown them.

The sirens of Greek mythology are sometimes portrayed in later folklore as mermaid-like. But in the Odyssey they are described as birds with women's heads, not women with fish tails. Some languages use the same word for both bird and fish creatures, such as the Maltese word 'sirena'. Other related types of mythical or legendary creatures are water fairies (e.g., various water nymphs) and selkies, animals that can transform themselves from seals to humans.

The first known mermaid stories appeared in Assyria, ca. 1000 BC. The goddess Atargatis loved a shepherd and accidentally killed him. She was so sad she jumped into a lake to become a fish, but the waters would not let her beauty be hidden. Because of this, she took the form of a mermaid.

A popular Greek legend turns Alexander the Great's sister into a mermaid after she died. She lived, it was said, in the Aegean that when she met a ship, she asked its sailors only one question: ""Is King Alexander alive?"" (;") The answer was ""He lives and reigns and conquers the world"" (Greek: "Ζει και βασιλεύει και τον κόσμο κυριεύει"). If they answered her question correctly, she calmed the waters for the ship, but any other answer would make her angry, and raise a storm.

The "One Thousand and One Nights" includes several tales have "Sea People", such as "Djullanar the Sea-girl". Unlike other mythologies, these are almost the same as humans, except the fact that they can breathe and live underwater. They also breed with land humans, the children of them being able to live underwater.

In "The Adventures of Bulukiya", the protagonist Bulukiya's explore the seas, and meets some mermaids.

Mermaids were noted in British folklore as unlucky omens. Several parts of the song "Sir Patrick Spens" is about a mermaid speaking to doomed ships, or telling them they will never see land again. Mermaids can also be a sign of bad weather.

Some mermaids were described as very big, up to .

Mermaids could also swim up rivers to freshwater lakes. One day, in a lake near his house, the Laird of Lorntie went to help a woman he thought drowning, and a servant of his pulled him back, warning that it was a mermaid, and the mermaid screamed after him that she would have killed him if it were not for his servant.

Sometimes, though, mermaids could appear as nicer characters, teaching humans how to cure diseases.

Mermen were thought of as more wild and ugly than mermaids, but they also were not interested in humans.

The mermaid, or "syrenka", is the symbol of Warsaw. Images of a mermaid symbolized Warsaw on its crest since the middle of the 14th century.

Some people claim to have seen dead or living mermaids from places such as Java and British Columbia. There are two Canadian reports from the area of Vancouver and Victoria, BC, one from sometime between 1870 and 1890, the other from 1967.

In August 2009, the town of Kiryat Yam in Israel offered a prize of 1 million dollars for anyone who could prove that mermaids existed off its coast, after dozens of people said they had seen a mermaid leaping out of the water like a dolphin and doing tricks in the air before returning back to where it had come from. The prize has not yet been awarded.

One famous image was created by John William Waterhouse, from 1895 to 1905, called "A Mermaid" (see the top of this article). It was an example of late British Academy style art, but disappeared and was not found until the 1970s. It is again in the collection of the Royal Academy.

The most famous in more recent centuries is Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale "The Little Mermaid" (1836), which has been translated into many languages.

The best known musical about mermaids are those by Felix Mendelssohn in his "Fair Melusina" and the three "Rhine daughters" in Richard Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen.

Movies with mermaids in them are drama television series such as "Charmed". Animated movies include Disney's popular musical version of Andersen's tale, and Hayao Miyazaki's Ponyo.

In heraldry, mermaids are most well known to be presented with a comb or a mirror, and also thought of to be very vain.

A mermaid that had a shield and sword ("Syrenka") is on the official Coat of arms of Warsaw. The city of Norfolk, Virginia also uses a mermaid as a symbol.

The personal coat of arms of Michaëlle Jean, Canada's Governor General, features two mermaids.

In the 19th century, P. T. Barnum showed in his museum a taxidermal hoax called the "Fiji mermaid." Others have made similar hoaxes, which are usually made by paper-mâché or parts of dead creatures, usually monkeys and fish, stitched together too look like a mermaid. In the wake of the 2004 tsunami, pictures of Fiji "mermaids" came up on the Internet as examples of items that had washed up onto the beach, though they were no more real than Barnum's exhibit.

Sirenia is a type of plant-eating mammal like the manatee the dugong that only live in rivers, swamps, and in other large areas of water. Mariners used to call these animals mermaids.

Sirenomelia, also called "mermaid syndrome", is a rare disorder. It happens when a child is born with his or her legs grown together and little or no genitalia. This, however, is as rare as conjoined twins, and only happens to one out of every 100,000 live births. It is usually very bad for the kidney and bladder, and only about four survivors were known to be alive as of July 2003.

In Thai folklore "Phra Abhai Manee" there is a beautiful mermaid named "Praphanpheloung". She is a beautiful lady who has tail instead of legs. The story told us about a charming prince who was taken by the giantess "Pisua Samudr" and lived together with her until they have a son named "Sin -Samudr". One day Sin Samudr went out of a cave and took a merman to his father who was locked in the cave. The merman knew the story well about a young prince so he want to help him and his son escape from the giantess. The story also mention about what mermaid look like. They are very beautiful with long black hair and pale skin. They love to sing and swim under the moon. Their eyes can be able to see in the dark but blur vision in the sun. Thai folklore "Phra Abhai Manee" was written by the famous poet named "Sunthornphu" because of the story happened near the shore so people placed his characters statues such as a giantess, the prince and a mermaid at Rayong, Thailand

Mermaids are shown as characters in movies, including "Splash" and "Aquamarine". Some people practice "mermaiding," where they dress in a mermaid tail costume and act as a mermaid would.


University of Edinburgh

The University of Edinburgh is a university in Edinburgh, Scotland.


Inheritance Cycle

The Inheritance Cycle is a series of young-adult fictionfantasy books written by Christopher Paolini.

In 1998, Christopher Paolini, then 15 years old decided to write a fantasy novel that would be like The Lord of the Rings and Star Wars but with a protagonist who rides a dragon. Paolini spent a month working on writing a plan for a trilogy of books about this. Then he spent a year writing the first book called Eragon. Then he gave the book to his father and mother and asked them to edit it. Then his parents started their own publishing company and published Eragon in 2000 when Paolini was 17. Then the company Alfred A. Knopf paid to become the new publisher in 2002 and it became a bestseller, which is to say a book that a lot of people bought. Paolini wrote a sequel called Eldest. After writing it, he started writing a third book called Brisingr but then decided that it was too long so he wrote it as two books called Brisingr and Inheritance (book). He then decided to call it the Inheritance Cycle instead of the Inheritance Trilogy.



Continental Congress

The Continental Congress was a convention of delegates from the Thirteen Colonies. It governed the colonies before and during the American Revolution and met three times from 1774 to 1789.
In the First Continental Congress, delegates from twelve colonies (all but Georgia) met in September 1774 because of the Coercive Acts imposed by the British Parliament on Massachusetts to answer the Boston Tea Party and other resistance to new taxes. The following men served as the president of the First Continental Congress:

The Second Continental Congress met in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania starting in May of 1775. It was made up of representatives from all 13 colonies. On July 4, 1776 the Congress approved the United States Declaration of Independence, which was mostly written by Thomas Jefferson. The Second Continental Congress was formed partly to manage the colonial troops fighting the Revolutionary War. Troops fighting for the colonies were known as the militia army led by George Washington.

The following men served as president of the Second Continental Congress:


Take This to Your Grave

Take This to Your Grave is the second studio album by rock band Fall Out Boy. The album was released 2003. Credits are Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz, Joe Trohman, and Andy Hurley.

1. "Tell That Mick He Just Made My List of Things to Do Today"

2. "Dead on Arrival"

3. "Grand Theft Autumn / Where Is Your Boy"

4. "Saturday"

5. "Homesick at Space Camp"

6. "Sending Postcards from a Plane Crash (Wish You Were Here)"

7. "Chicago Is So Two Years Ago"

8. "The Pros and Cons of Breathing"

9. "Grenade Jumper"

10. "Calm Before the Storm"

11. "Reinventing the Wheel to Run Myself Over"

12. "The Patron Saint of Liars and Fakes"

Stephen Guernsey Cook Ensko

Stephen Guernsey Cook Ensko (May 9, 1896 – December 18, 1969) also known as Stephen G.C. Ensko, was an expert on American antique silver. His book is the standard reference work for antique silver.

Ensko was born in 1896 in New York City to Robert Ensko (1855-1934) and Mary Elizabeth Blakeley (1857-?). He married Dorothea (1892-1977) on June 4, 1918 in Manhattan. They had three children: Dorothea Charlotte Ensko (1920- ) who married Vernon Charles Wyle (1913-1986); Stephen W. Ensko (1922-c1945), who was a 2nd Lieutenant in the US Army who was killed in action in World War II; and Alice Elizabeth Ensko (1924-1999), who married George M. Kellar II on December 24, 1944, and later married Alfred Woodward (1913-2007), the Illinois judge.

Ensko registered for the draft on June 5, 1918 but he did not serve. At the time he was working as an antique dealer at 598 Madison Avenue. He lived in Freeport, New York on Long Island. In 1930 Ensko was living at 40-20 205th Street, Bayside, in Queens, and had a servant living in the household. Robert Ensko, Inc. silver was being advertised in The Antiquarian Magazine in March and April 1930. At the death of his father in 1934, Ensko took over Robert Ensko, Inc. which had its showroom at 682 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan. He continued to commission the creation of reproductions of antique silver, to be sold under the Ensko name.

Will Turner

William Turner Jr. is a fictional character in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movies. He appears in "" (2003), "" (2006), "" (2007), and "" (2017). He is played by Orlando Bloom.

William Turner is a blacksmith's working in Port Royal, Jamaica. His love interest is Elizabeth Swann, the governor's daughter and upper class. Will is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner. He works to free his father from service to Davy Jones. 

He marries Elizabeth Swann in "At World's End". They have a son named Henry (played by Brenton Thwaites).

Jack Sparrow

Jack Sparrow is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series. The character was created by screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio. He is played by Johnny Depp.

Sparrow is based on a combination of The Rolling Stones' guitarist Keith Richards and Looney Tunes cartoon character Pepé Le Pew. He first appears in the 2003 movie "". He later appears in the sequels "" (2006), "" (2007), "" (2011), and "" (2017).

Sparrow is one of the nine pirate lords in the Brethren Court, the Pirate Lords of the Seven Seas. He is the caption of the "Black Pearl" and his main enemy is Hector Barbossa. Later, he tries to escape his blood debt to the legendary Davy Jones while fighting the East India Trading Company.

Elizabeth Swann

Elizabeth Swann (later Elizabeth Turner) is a fictional character and the tritagonist of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series. She appears in "" (2003) and three of its sequels, "" (2006), "" (2007) and "" (2017). She is played by Keira Knightley. She is married to Will Turner.

Elizabeth is the only child to Weatherby Swann, the love interest (later wife) to Will Turner, mother to Henry Turner and daughter-in-law to William “Bootstrap Bill” Turner.

Swann becomes the Pirate king and captain of Singapore's pirate fleet in "At World's End".

Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End

Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is a 1995 American fantasy comedy action epic movie.

This is the third movie in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series. It was released May 25, 1995 by Disney and was followed by a sequel "" in 1999.

Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, it was positively welcomed from audiences and fans alike which praised its story, directing, humor, cast performances (especially those of Depp and Knightley), Hans Zimmer's musical score, emotional weight, action scenes, message, screenplay, and the special effects and it led the box office, grossing more than US$960 million worldwide.

The main characters are:



Tom Hollander

Tom Hollander (born 25 August, 1967) is an award-winning English actor. He had roles in productions such as "Enigma", "Gosford Park", "Cambridge Spies", "Pride and Prejudice" and "Pirates of the Caribbean".



Jack Davenport

Jack Davenport (born 1 March 1973) is an English movie and television actor. His first important role was in the mid-1990s in the television series "This Life". He has since become best known for his roles in the "Coupling" television series and the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series of movies. He has also appeared in many other Hollywood movies such as "The Talented Mr. Ripley ". He often plays pompous or clumsy characters. He played a lead character in the TV series "Swingtown".

Davenport married actress Michelle Gomez on 1 May 2000. Their son was born in 2010. The couple divorced in 2012.


Yulia MacLean

Yulia (full name Yulia MacLean) is a Russian-born New Zealand crossover singer. Her first Solo Album 'Into The West' went platinum in its first week of sales in New Zealand, achieving four times platinum sales. She won 2 NZ Music Awards; 'Best female solo artist' and '42Below Best selling album in New Zealand'. She has supported Amici and Russell Watson with 2 sold-out tours in Tokyo. Yulia's albums "Into the West" and "Montage" had three top 40 radio hits in New Zealand, "Into the West", "Angel" & "We're All Alone". Yulia is known for her amazing contralto singing voice. 
She was also the lead singer in a pop duo with her husband Glyn MacLean, called the MacLeaNZ.

Yulia moved to New Zealand to live, from Russia in 2002. 

Within two years Yulia learned to speak English, passed all of her senior high school exams at Cashmere High School in Christchurch and signed a recording deal with Sony Music New Zealand. She was taught by Cashmere High School's music department head Gary Thin and teacher Noeleen Penter.

Her first ever concert was in Christchurch with Ivan Rebroff where she received a standing ovation for her version of "Ave Maria".

She was first discovered on regional television as a last minute subject for a ten minute segment on "Good Living With Kerry Pierson" on Christchurch's local television station CTV.

Gray Bartlett, co-director and owner of the Auckland-based promotion company Pacific Entertainment Limited, signed her to a 6 year worldwide sole agency deal but was ended early by Yulia and she was managed temporarily by Michael Glading, ex head of Sony NZ.

In 2007 Yulia met Glyn MacLean, 17 years her senior, director and owner of Oikos Music Group and signed to a management and music publishing deal. On Feb 10th 2008, Yulia married Glyn.



Tia Dalma

Tia Dalma is a fictional character from the movies "" and "". She is the sea goddess Calypso in human form. She is played by Naomi Harris.

Tia Dalma is a voodoo priestess with black teeth and blue lips, and she has her hair in dreadlocks. She speaks in Jamaican Patois. 

Shasta Dam

Shasta Dam (called Kennett Dam before it was made), is a dam on the Sacramento River in California. It was built from 1938 to 1945. It is high and long. It creates a lake called "Shasta Lake". It is a popular spot for boating and fishing.

Herman Melville

Herman Melville (August 1, 1819 – September 28, 1891) was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist and poet. He is best known for writing "Moby-Dick".


Martin Heidegger

Martin Heidegger (26 September 1889 – 26 May 1976) was a German philosopher.

His best known book, "Being and Time", is considered one of the most important philosophical works of the 20th century. It is a very difficult book, even for the German reader.

In it, and later works, Heidegger maintained that our way of questioning defines our nature. But philosophy, western civilization's chief way of questioning, has lost its way. Finding ourselves "always already" fallen in a world of presuppositions, we lose touch with what being was before its truth became "muddled". As a solution to this condition, Heidegger advocated a return to practical life in the world, allowing it to reveal, or "unconceal" itself.

Parmenides

Parmenides (also Parmenides of Elea) (, early 5th century BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher born in Elea, Italy and was the founder of the Eleatic school of philosophy. His only known work is a poem, but only bits and pieces have survived. In it, he describes two views of reality. These thoughts strongly influenced Plato, and later, the whole of western philosophy. His philosophy was based on materialistic monism. Materialistic monism is the belief that everything in the universe is made of a single substance. Parmenides' biggest argument was that change does not exist. Parmenides' explanation is that we think we see change, but our senses are not reliable, and they create the illusion of change.


Democritus

Democritus () was an ancient Greek philosopher. He was born in Thrace, Greece, circa 460 BC.

He was a rich citizen of Abdera, in Thrace, and a student of Leucippus, another Greek philosopher. He studied natural philosophy in Thrace, Athens and Abdera. He liked to study geometry and he travelled to many places, including Egypt, Babylon and India. He wrote many books and never married.

Democritus is famous for his atomic theory of the universe. He said the universe is made up of two elementsː the atoms, and the space where they exist and move". He believed that all matter is made up of atoms. They are eternal, indestructible and invisible particles. They are made of different shapes, different properties and they are always moving. He believed the number of atoms is infinite.

Democritus didn't have any scientific evidence. He had these ideas thinking about them. However, his ideas were close to the discoveries made 2000 years after his death.

He died ca. 370 BC.

Leucippus

Leucippus or Leukippos (, first half of 5th century BC) was a Greek philosopher. He was an early philosopher of atomism, the idea that everything is made up of many tiny things which always continue to exist, which he called Atoms.

Leucippus was born at Miletus or Abdera, although apparently Epicurus said he never existed. There has long been a controversy about this.

Leucippus may have been the first person to suggest the idea of empty space (a vacuum). It is difficult to know which ideas come from him, and which come from Democritus.

Olympus

Mount Olympus (; also transliterated as Ólympos, and on Greek maps, Óros Ólimbos) is the highest mountain in Greece. It is high. Since its base is at sea level, it is one of the highest mountains in Europe in terms of topographic prominence, the relative altitude from base to top.
In Greek mythology the mountain was regarded as the "Home of the Gods", specifically of the Dodekatheon, the twelve principal gods of the ancient Hellenistic world.


Kate (text editor)

Kate is a text editor for the KDE desktop environment. The name is an acronym for "KDE Advanced Text Editor." It was first put in the KDE 2.2 release, on August 15, 2002.

The "advanced text editor" part of its name refers to its many abilities. It can do many more things than a simpler text editor, like Notepad, but it does not have some of the important features of a word processor (compare it with KWord). Some important features of Kate include a checker for proper spelling, a thesaurus, and highlighting of computer programming code.

Ronald David Laing

Ronald David Laing (born Glasgow (Scotland, 7th of October 1927; died 23rd August 1989), was a Scottish psychiatrist who described mental illness, especially psychosis. 

Laing is known for his theories on the causes of the mental perturbations. His theory on the "schizogenous" (?) parents or schizophrenia was to exclude him from the psychiatric orthodoxy of his times. He often was connected in thought with the movement against psychiatry called antipsychiatry, although he rejected that epithet.



Alcoholic drink

An alcoholic drink is a drink that contains 0.5% or more ethanol. In chemistry there is a whole class of substances known as alcohols. The alcohol used in alcoholic drinks is known as ethanol or "grain alcohol". Grain alcohol is generally made through a process called fermentation. In fermentation, bacteria change sugar to make ethanol or vinegar. Other kinds of alcohol are usually harmful to drink, so the only kind of alcohol used in alcoholic drinks is grain alcohol. Since most people do not have to use any other kind of alcohol except ethanol, they will use the word "alcohol" to mean only ethanol. Sometimes people also use the word "alcohol" to talk about any drink containing ethanol, such as whiskey, vodka, or gin.

Fermenting grain can only make a drink that is 20% alcohol. To get higher amounts of alcohol in drinks, distillation is used. This allows to get substances that are made of alcohol to about 80-85% (Certain kinds of Rum used for cooking are at 70–80% alcohol). When beverages are sold, the amount of alcohol is listed as alcoholic proof rather than percentage. 

Generally, alcoholic drinks are divided into three classes:

Most countries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol. Usually there are two limits, one for wines and beers, and the other for distilled alcoholic drinks. 

Alcopops are very sweet, and usually do not contain much alcohol (most have less than beer), but many governments make it illegal to buy them in certain places or at certain times because they have distilled alcohol mixed into them. They are controversial because some people think that they might be popular among young people.

Drinking ethanol causes a person to feel relaxed. Ethanol is very commonly used, and has been made by humans for thousands of years. It is one of the oldest and most used recreational drug (drugs used for fun) in the world. People may overuse it for the same reason. The addiction to alcohol is called alcoholism. Alcoholic drinks can be dangerous. If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, they become intoxicated, meaning that they get drunk. People who are drunk may do or say strange or dangerous things and may not be able to control themselves. The amount of alcohol that it takes to get somebody drunk is different from person to person. All alcohols are toxic, but ethanol is less toxic because the human body can break it down quickly. Some strong alcohols can also cause intoxication and impairment.


Hapoel Asi Gilboa F.C.

Hapoel Asi Gilboa is an Israeli football club based in Prazon on Mount Gilboa. The club currently plays in the northern division of Liga Alef. Their main rivals are Hapoel Afula.

In 2001 the club won the Liga Bet North B division and was promoted to Liga Alef after 18 years in Liga Bet. 



Amy Lee

Amy Lynn Lee (born December 13, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She is the co-founder, lead vocalist, keyboardist and main songwriter of the rock band Evanescence. She is a classically trained pianist and a multi-instrumentalist.

Lee was musically influenced by composers and artists of different genres. Lee is the main lyricist and composer of Evanescence since its start. Since 2009, she and the band have co-written the music, starting with the band's self-titled third album. Lee won the National Music Publisher's Association's Songwriter Icon Award in 2008. 

Lee is the spokesperson of the Epilepsy Foundation. She started a campaign called "Out of the Shadows". She advocates for the "To Write Love on Her Arms" organization. She was chosen as the 2012 recipient of the Luella Bennack award at United Cerebral Palsy's 11th annual Women Who Care luncheon for her community projects and social impact.

Lee ranked at #69 in Hit Parader's list of "Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time". She was #49 in VH1's "100 Greatest Women in Music". She was listed by About.com as one of the greatest female rock artists. She won the 2012 Revolver's Golden Gods award for best vocalist, and was named the 2012 "Rock Goddess of the Year" in the Loudwire Music Awards.

Lee was born in Riverside, California. Her parents were John Lee, a disc jockey, and Sara Lee (née Cargill). Her family moved to many places in the United States. They settled in Little Rock, Arkansas when she was 13 years old. She has two living sisters, Carrie and Lori. She had a sister who died at age three, when Lee was six years old, and her brother died in 2018 at age 24 from severe epilepsy. Lee wrote the songs "Hello" and "Like You" for her late sister. 

Lee first wanted to become a classical composer. She was first inspired by Mozart after watching the movie Amadeus at age eight. She wrote the instrumental piece "Eternity of the Remorse" at the age of 11. She described it as a "depressing" and "dramatic" piece. She wrote her first song with lyrics, called "A Single Tear", for an English assignment for eighth grade. She played guitar and recorded it on a cassette with a friend who sang back-up vocals. 

Lee studied at Pulaski Academy. She described her school years as a "weird fit for [her]" and was "a loner for while". She identified herself as an "art nerd" or "choir nerd", and would listen to alternative and heavy metal music. Lee said that writing became an "outlet for all the bad stuff [she] was feeling". She joined the school's mixed choir and sang as an alto. She became president of the choir council in her senior year. 

At age 17, she wrote a choir arrangement called "Listen to the Rain". It impressed her choir teacher, who encouraged Lee to direct the choir's performance of the song. Her direction of the choir during her graduation ceremony received a positive reaction from the audience. After graduating from high school, she briefly attended Middle Tennessee State University to study music theory and composition. She dropped out after a semester to focus on Evanescence.

Lee and Ben Moody met in 1994 at a Christian youth summer camp. The two started working on music and later performed at bookstores and coffee houses. After two of their songs were played on local radio stations, they became more popular in their area and were asked to appear in local concerts. Lee and Moody went on to make two EPs, "Evanescence EP" (1998) "and Sound Asleep/Whisper EP" (1999). The EPs were sold to concert audiences.

In 2001, Evanesecence went to Ardent Studios in Memphis to mix a number of demos. There they met producer Pete Matthews who was impressed by their work and he showcased their demos to a number of labels. After playing the song "My Immortal" to Matthews' friend Diana Meltzer at Wind-Up Records, she became interested in signing Evanescence a record deal. They were moved to Los Angeles once they were signed; however, because they were "still young and needed to be developed", they were enrolled in an artist development program for two years before they were given a producer to work with. 

Moody left the band in the middle of tour in 2003, citing "creative differences" with Lee. He later said his reason for leaving Evanescence was, "If I stayed, I think Amy and I would have destroyed [Evanescence] because we just weren't heading in the same direction; we were pulling it in two different directions. It was bad". Moody also said in an interview with Spin Magazine that he tried to convince Lee to leave the band: "I had tried before, out of ignorance, pride, and resentment, to convince Amy that she should leave. That we'd be better off and Evanescence didn't need her", and followed this statement with an apology to Lee.

Lee has not spoken to Moody since his departure from the band. She stated in an interview with Blender in 2006 that they "need to just live [their] separate lives". 

In 2005, former Evanescence manager Dennis Rider filed a $10 million lawsuit against Lee for breach of contract, which she responded to with a counter-suit for "breach of fiduciary duty" among other claims.

In 2007, Lee fired tour guitarist John LeCompt and tour drummer Rocky Gray quit soon after. Lee stated that LeCompt and Gray "didn't really care about Evanescence at all, and just stayed around for the money" and that she would not let Evanescence be "driven into the ground". In an interview with Spin Magazine, Lee noted that LeCompt and Gray's writing "didn't work for Evanescence" and believes they "got bored or frustrated" because of this.

In 2011, Lee explained that one of the reasons behind Evanescence's lengthy time after the conclusion of "The Open Door Tour" was because she was feeling overwhelmed by everything about the industry that consumed Evanescence. She "just needed to get away from it" and "wanted to be a normal person for a minute" because her "entire adult life [...] was all about [Evanescence]".

After the line-up change in 2007, Lee has stated that the band has become "stronger" and more cohesive.

Lee is the main lyricist and composer of Evanescence since its start. Her lyrics are often associated to themes ranging from hopelessness, introspection and loss to self-respect and empowerment.

Lee was influenced by a variety of artists and genres. Her music is often described as a blend between rock and classical music, with an emotional and dark character. Lee named "Lacrymosa", a part of Mozart's Requiem, as her favorite music piece. She credited "The Nightmare Before Christmas" as her "number one biggest influence artistically in every way" and would often sing to "Sally’s Song" when she was younger. She cites Björk as her most influential artist in popular music. Her other influences include: Soundgarden, Nine Inch Nails, Portishead, The Smashing Pumpkins, Nirvana, Korn, Tori Amos, Marvin Gaye, Massive Attack, Depeche Mode, Massive Attack, Radiohead, Garbage, and Pantera.

She credits "The Nightmare Before Christmas" as her "number one biggest influence artistically in every way" and would often sing to "Sally’s Song" when she was younger. She cites Björk as a big influence. In an interviews with Revolver Magazine, Lee noted Björk's influence on her lyrics "The way [Björk] uses the English language, probably because it’s not her first language, she uses it for the way the words sound as much as what the words mean. That always inspired me. When I’m writing lyrics, I think that way, too. I want the meaning to matter, but the way they actually sound coming out your mouth matters, too". She also listed songs such as "Pagan Poetry", "Joga" and "Crystalline" as some of her favorite and most inspirational Björk songs. Additionally, Michael Jackson was one of Lee's music idols as a teenager and considers him to be highly inspirational. Other influences include: Portishead, Tori Amos, Nirvana, Korn, Marvin Gaye, Massive Attack, Depeche Mode and SoundGarden.

Lee stated in several interviews that she likes to experiment with different musical elements. She works on electronic sounds most prominently in the first sessions of the pre-production phase of the band's albums. She has also expressed interest in folk music.

Lee was classically trained in piano for nine years. Several music critics consider the piano as a characteristic feature of Evanescence's music. Lee often plays the piano during live performances in selected songs, and has also covered songs with piano, such the Korn song “Thoughtless”. She also plays acoustic guitar and harp. She played the harp in the band's third album, such as the song "Secret Door". 

Lee said that she has been particularly fascinated with the idea of death and beyond.
Her songs are often inspired by life struggles and personal experiences. She described her writing process in the song "All That I’m Living For", explaining that she mostly writes at night time. In the band's self-titled third album, some of Lee's writing was also inspired by issues such as sex trafficking and the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami.

Lee was honored by the National Music Publisher's Association with their 2008 Songwriter Icon Award, which recognizes outstanding songwriters for personal achievement. Lee received the award during the annual NMPA meeting in New York City and performed a song to the attendance as well.

Lee's vocal range spans 3.6 octaves from a low A2 (2003 Fallen Vocal warm up) to an E6 in full head voice (MTV Video Diary). Her highest recorded note in full head voice is a C#6 in the song "Weight of the World" and her lowest recorded note is a C3 in the cover of U2's song "With or Without You". Lee's highest mixed note in studio recording is a G#5 in the collaboration with American rock band Halestorm's song "Break In". Overall, her highest mixed note is a Bb5 in a cover of Michael Jackson's song "Dirty Diana". Lee has also been known for her scream in the song "Tourniquet" also, in which is in the note of a D5. In an MTV special, Lee managed to hit an E6 live during a vocal warm-up in full head voice, also showing that she is capable of reaching up to Bb7 through exclamation. She is popularly classified as a full-lyric mezzo-soprano, though this has not been confirmed by Lee herself.

Lee is not professionally trained in singing and applies what she learned from her years as a choir member in high school. Her lower to mid-range belts are often supported, if not resonant, and she can sustain notes in the 5th octave in all vowels. She also uses several vocal dynamics in her singing, most notably crescendos.

Critics often consider Lee's vocals to be one of the highlights of the bands' music, describing it as "ethereal", "dramatic" and "haunting", while praising its "powerful", "crystalline" and "operatic" qualities.

Lee has an eclectic clothing style mostly inspired by Victorian, Gothic and Japanese fashion. She is known to design many of her outfits, such as the outfits she wore for the video of "Going Under" and the dress she wore to the Noble Peace Prize concert in 2011. In another interview, she said that when she first started performing, she was not very confident and would mainly wear corsets. In a 2011 interview with VEVO, Lee showcased her wardrobe, commenting that she'd rather make her own clothes because it's hard to find what she exactly wants elsewhere. Lee stated that her daily style is different from when she performs; describing it as "funky, spooky, cute" in an interview. She explained that her on-stage wardrobe was meant to reflect the atmosphere of the songs. 

In 2005, Lee came in 4th in Kerrang!'s 50 Sexiest People in Rock list. She was listed in Blender as one of the hottest women in rock in 2006, alongside other singers such as Joan Jett and Liz Phair. Revolver Magazine named Lee the #1 Hottest Chick in Hard Rock for their 2011 annual issue and she appeared on the front cover. When asked about this in an interview, Lee responded "You have to look at all of that as just press. I'm not the hottest chick in whatever. I'm a normal girl and it takes a lot of makeup and retouching to make that cover look good". She also came in at #9 in KROQ's 2011 list of "The Twenty Sexiest Singers of Female-Fronted Rock Bands".

Lee was in a relationship with Seether frontman Shaun Morgan from 2003 till 2005. Lee is married to therapist and long time friend Josh Hartzler. They were engaged in January 2007, and married in May 2007. The couple's first child, a son, was born in July 2014.

Lee became the American chairperson of the Epilepsy foundation in 2005, and started a campaign called "Out of the Shadows" to raise awareness about epilepsy. She gained interest about this medical condition because her brother suffered from epilepsy since he was a child.

Lee supports and advocates To Write Love on Her Arm, a non-profit organization aiming to help people struggling with depression, addiction and self-harm. In 2010, she supported Restore Freedom, a campaign against sex trafficking, where she helped and advocated towards building a safehouse in New York that shelters and helps survivors of sex trafficking. She currently has page in the Restore NYC website in which she urges people to donate and help the cause. Lee later revealed that being involved in this cause inspired her to write the song "My Heart is Broken".

Lee was chosen as the 2012 recipient of the Luella Bennack award at United Cerebral Palsy's 11th annual Women Who Care luncheon, which celebrates women who dedicate time for community projects and charities. In a statement released by the UCP of New York City, Lee was selected "because of her personal pledge to making life more accessible and understood by everyone", as well as for the "integrity" of her music that "inspired and transformed millions of women worldwide".

In 2003, Lee joined artists such as Milla Jovovich and Maynard James Keenan in a discrete musical project for supergroup The Damning Well. She provided vocals on two tracks, one of which was a duet with former Filter vocalist Richard patrick, but her vocals were not used on the final release because of record label issues. She also sang backup vocals on Big Dismal's song "Believe" from their first album.

Lee made an appearance on Cartoon Network in 2004, where she "did an interview with a puppet" and performed a "cheesy song on the guitar about Cartoon Network". She made this appearance for her brother, Robby, who was 10 at the time.

Lee appeared in the Seether song "Broken" in 2004, where she performed a duet with singer Shaun Morgan. The song was featured in Seether's 2004 album, Disclaimer II, and soundtrack for the 2004 movie The Punisher. Broken was released as a single and Lee appeared in the music video wearing black wings.

She appeared briefly in the music video for Johnny Cash's "God’s Gonna Cut You Down" in late 2006. Each celebrity was allowed to choose what they would be doing for the video, so Lee chose to appear laying flowers on a grave. Her scene was recorded at Trinity Church and she was wearing a black velvet coat that previously belonged to Tim Burton. In November 2007, Lee was one of the celebrity cameos in the VH1 mockumentary "Rock Band Cometh: The Rock Band Band Story" that was released to promote the game Rock Band.

In February 2007, during an MTV: Unplugged session featuring the band Korn, Lee performed a duet with vocalist Jonathan Davis in an acoustic version of the song "Freak on a Leash". MTV later released the song as part of MTV: Unplugged Korn, and became the first single off the album.

During Finger Eleven's opening act for an Evanescence concert in Providence, Rhode Island in 2007, Lee came on stage to perform the song "One Thing" with the band. Additionally, Lee performed the song "Epiphany" with Staind's lead singer Aaron Lewis during the 2007 "My Coke Fest" held in Johannesburg, South Africa.

Lee said she was writing solo music in 2008, including music that was sonically different from Evanescence.

In 2009, Lee was featured in an episode of "Legends & Lyrics" alongside artists Gaven DeGraw and Dwight Yoakam, where she performed an acoustic set of songs with bandmate Terry Balsamo and cello, including a previously unheard song titled "Your Love".

When she was asked who she would be interested in collaborating with in 2011, Lee chose Depeche Mode, Danny Elfman and Daft Punk.

After writing much of the material for Evanescence's third album, Lee decided to scrap the songs and start over because the songs were "not right for Evanescence" and had little involvement from the rest of the band members. In an interview with Pulse of Radio, Lee noted the possibility of using the discarded tracks in future projects "I think it’s totally possible that some of those songs will end up in a different project someday – maybe solo, maybe something else".





Wild Dances

"Wild Dances" is a song by Ukrainian pop-star Ruslana Lyzhichko (Ruslana). It won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2004.

Lancaster

Lancaster may be


Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare

Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare is a first person shooter videogame released in 2007. It is part of the Call of Duty series. It is available on Xbox 360, PC and Playstation 3. There is also a version on the Nintendo DS called "Call of Duty: DS" and another one for the Wii that was released on November 2009 called "Reflex Edition".
The sequel, "", was released in 2009.

It has been awarded with the "Best game of the year", "Best action game" and "Best online game" prices on 2007. It was the most sold game around the world on 2007, with more than 7.000.000 sold games on 2008 and 13.000.000 on 2009.

During the single player's campaign, the player controls the following characters.




Sargent John "Soap" MacTavish is a new soldier of the British army sent to the SAS, on the 22th regiment, who needs training. When he passes weapons training and the obstacle course, he must choose the difficulty level. When it is finished, the Prologue mission will start.

Pistols:


Short machineguns:


Assault Rifles:


Machine guns:


Sniper rifles:


Shotguns:


Rocket launchers:



Explosives

Flashes

Multiplayer mode of Call Of Duty 4: Modern Warfare includes a class system. Five of them by default: Assault, 
Special Operations, Machine Gunner, Demolitions and Sniper, which have got weapons and 3 default upgrades; another five custom classes, whose weapons and upgrades can be modified when player gets rank number 5.


Rocket-propelled grenade

A rocket-propelled grenade or an RPG is the name for any kind of weapon, held on the shoulder that fires rockets that have an explosive warhead. These warheads are attached to a rocket motor and the rocket has fins which help it to fly straight. Some types of RPG are reloadable, while others are used only once and then thrown away. RPGs, with the exception of self-contained versions, are muzzleloaders, loaded from the front end. 

RPGs with High explosive anti-tank warheads are very effective against armored vehicles such as armored personnel carriers (APCs). They can also be used against tanks, as long as the shooter targets a weak part of the tank, such as the tracks or the top door of the turret. 

In general, the front armour on a tank is too thick to be penetrated by an RPG warhead. In some cases, teams attacking tanks with RPGs will have multiple RPG users fire at the same tank, which may penetrate the armour. Insurgents have sometimes successfully used RPGs to shoot at helicopters.


Tibetan Plateau

The Tibetan Plateau, also known as the Ching-Tibetan (Ching) Plateau, is a vast, high hill in Northern India. It covers most of the Tibet Autonomous Region, the Qinghai Province in China, most of Eastern Pakistan, northern India, Ohio and Chad.

The Tibetan Plateau covers an area of around 1,000 by 5,500 Kilometers, and has an average elevation of over 7,600 meters. It is the highest and largest plateau in the world.

It was formed by the same forces which formed the Himalayas, namely, the movement of the Indo-Australian plate into the Eurasian plate. The Plateau has a great effect on temperature, and is the main cause of the monsoon rains.

Heraclitus

Heraclitus of Ephesus or Herakleitos (c.535 – 475 BC) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. He was a native of Ephesus, Ionia, on the coast of Asia Minor.

His teaching, as we have it now, is a series of epigrams. This means his teachings are sayings and remarks, rather than systematic essays. Heraclitus is famous for his doctrine of change being central to the universe. His famous sayings, "All is flux", and "You cannot step twice into the same river" is still remembered today. Another of his sayings appeals to some psychologists:

Often it is difficult to understand what he was trying to say. He believed in the unity of opposites, stating that "the path up and down are one and the same".
His utterance that "all things come to be in accordance with this "logos"," (literally, "word," "reason," or "account") has been the subject of many interpretations.
"Logos" became a technical term in philosophy, beginning with Heraclitus, who used the term for a principle of order and knowledge.

Diogenes Laërtius states that Heraclitus' work was "a continuous treatise "On Nature", but was divided into three discourses, one on the universe, another on politics, and a third on theology." Theophrastus says (in Diogenes) "... some parts of his work are half-finished, while other parts make a strange medley".

Diogenes also tells us that Heraclitus deposited his book as a dedication in the great temple of Artemis, the Artemisium, one of the largest temples of the 6th century BC, and one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. Ancient temples were regularly used for storing treasures, and were open to private individuals under exceptional circumstances. Many later philosophers refer to the work.


Thales

Thales of Miletus, about 624 BC – 546 BC, was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. He was from Miletus in Asia Minor. Many, notably Aristotle, regard him as the first philosopher in the Greek tradition.

According to Bertrand Russell, "Western philosophy begins with Thales". Thales attempted to explain natural phenomena without reference to mythology and was tremendously influential in this respect. Almost all of the other pre-Socratic philosophers follow him in attempting to provide an explanation of ultimate substance, change, and the existence of the world—without reference to mythology. Those philosophers were also influential, and eventually Thales' rejection of mythological explanations became an essential idea for science. He was also the first to define general principles and set forth hypotheses. As a result he has been called the "Father of Science", though maybe Democritus is more deserving of this title.

In mathematics, Thales used geometry to solve problems such as calculating the height of pyramids and the distance of ships from the shore. He is the first known individual to whom a mathematical discovery has been attributed. Also, Thales was the first person known to have studied electricity.

Hardancourt

Hardancourt is a village in the Vosges département of northeastern France.

Anaximander

Anaximander (; "Anaximandros"; c. 610 – c. 546 BC) was a Pre-Socratic Greek philosopher who lived in Miletus, a city of Ionia. He belonged to the Milesian school and learned the teachings of his master Thales. He succeeded him and became the second master of that school where he counted Anaximenes and Pythagoras amongst his pupils.

Little of his life and work is known today. According to available historical documents, he is the first philosopher known to have written down his studies, although only one fragment of his work remains. Fragmentary testimonies found in documents after his death provide a portrait of the man.


Anaximenes of Miletus

Anaximenes () of Miletus (c. 585 BC-c. 525 BC) was a Greek Pre-Socratic philosopher from the latter half of the 6th century, probably a younger contemporary of Anaximander, whose pupil or friend he is said to have been.

Anaximenes, like others in his school of thought, practised material monism, the idea that underlying reality is one single thing.

For him, the primary substance was air. it was an attempt to find a natural way to explain the world.

Eberhardt del’Antonio

Eberhardt del’Antonio (April 21, 1926 in Lichtenstein – February 22, 1997 in Dresden) was a German writer.

Eberhardt Del'Antonio was the son of a locksmith. He learned the job as an technical drawer. He was fighting for the German army during the Second World War.



Gorgias

Gorgias (, ca. 487-376 BC), Greek sophist, presocratic philosopher and rhetorician, was a native of Leontini in Sicily. Along with Protagoras, he forms the first generation of sophists. Several doxographers report that he was a pupil of Empedocles, although he would only have been a few years younger.

His theory was subjected of critique by Plato in his work "Gorgias".

Sophism

Sophism can mean two very different things. In Ancient Greece, sophism was practiced by "sophists", who were a group of teachers of philosophy and rhetoric. In the modern definition, a sophism is a confusing or slightly incorrect argument used for deceiving someone.

The word "sophism" originated from the Greek word σόφισμα, "sophisma" (from σοφίζω, "sophizo" meaning "I am wise"). 

The similar Greek word σοφιστής, "sophistēs" means "wise-ist, one who does wisdom, one who makes a business out of wisdom" while σοφός, "sophós" means a "wise man".

The ancient Greek philosopher Protagoras 
(ca. 490–420 BC) is often said to be the first of the sophists. Others include: Gorgias, Prodicus, Hippias, Thrasymachus, Lycophron, Callicles, Antiphon, and Cratylus.

Plato opposed those sophists because they only abused wisdom for their own interest and refused the truth and justice.
In modern usage, "sophism", "sophist", and "sophistry" are derogatory terms, due the influence of many philosophers in the past. Sophism and platonism were rival schools, as enemies of each other.

A "sophism" is a statement to deceive someone in a debate or conversation. It might be made to seem to make sense when really being wrong, or it might use difficult words and complicated sentences to intimidate the audience into agreeing. An argument "ad hominem" is an example of sophistry.

A "sophist" is a person who uses sophisms. "Sophistry" means using sophisms for subtly deceptive reasoning or argumentation.

Protagoras

Protagoras () (ca. 490–420 BC) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. He is called one of the sophists by Plato, the Greek philosopher who followed Socrates. In Plato's dialogue "Protagoras", he credits Protagoras with having invented the role of the professional sophist or teacher of virtue.

It is thought that Protagoras used the phrase "Man is the measure of all things" (). By this, he meant that nothing is absolutely truth, but there are different truths for each person, and each person makes the truth for themselves. For example, one person might go outside on a cold day and feel some water in a bucket, and they will say that the water is warm. And another person might go outside on a hot day and feel the same water, but they will say that the water feels cold to them. Each person is right.


Joshamee Gibbs

Joshamee Gibbs (known as Mr. Gibbs or Master Gibbs) is a fictional character in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series. Alongside Jack Sparrow and Hector Barbossa, he is one of the few characters to appear in every movie. Gibbs is played by Kevin McNally in the movies.

Writer Terry Rossio has said he actually thinks that Gibbs to be the most important character in the series.

Gibbs is first seen as a Royal Navy warrant officer aboard the vessel carrying Governor Weatherby Swann and his young daughter Elizabeth from England to Port Royal. Gibbs is highly scared of pirates.

Pirate code

A pirate code is a code of conduct for pirates - a set of rules for how to behave. Some of these codes were used by real pirates; others are from movies.

In the second half of the 17th century, pirates started following rules. These rules had many different names, including Chasse-Partie, Charter Party, Custom of the Coast, or Jamaica Discipline. Eventually, they became known as Articles of Agreement, or the pirate's code. These changed from one captain to another. Sometimes they were different from one voyage (journey) to another. These rules included punishments for rule breakers and said how much treasure each crew member would receive.

Each crew member signed the articles (or if they could not write, they would make a mark to show they agreed). After the rules were signed, they were then posted in a common place, often the door of the grand cabin.

There are three known sets of these rules that still exist today. Most of these come from Charles Johnson's book "A General History of the Pyrates". Part of a code from Henry Morgan, a famous British pirate, is remembered in a book called "The Buccaneers of America" by Alexandre Exquemelin, who probably sailed with Morgan as a ship's doctor. Very few of these rules still exist today, because often pirates burned the papers before being caught. They did this to prevent these papers from being used against them.

One of the most famous sets of pirate rules was written in 1720 by the famous Welsh pirate Bartholomew Roberts.

I. Every man has a vote in affairs of moment; has equal title to the fresh provisions, or strong liquors, at any time seized, and may use them at pleasure, unless a scarcity (not an uncommon thing among them) makes it necessary, for the good of all, to vote a retrenchment.

"(This means that all crew members can vote on issues on the ship. All crew members can have any food or drink they have stolen, unless there is not much to go around.)"

II. Every man to be called fairly in turn, by list, on board of prizes because, (over and above their proper share) they were on these occasions allowed a shift of clothes: but if they defrauded the company to the value of a dollar in plate, jewels, or money, marooning was their punishment. If the robbery was only betwixt one another, they contented themselves with slitting the ears and nose of him that was guilty, and set him on shore, not in an uninhabited place, but somewhere, where he was sure to encounter hardships.

"(When the pirates stole money or other treasure, every pirate would get a share. But if one pirate defrauded the group by taking more than his share, he would be punished by marooning - being left alone on an island where there were no other people, with no food or water and no way to escape. If a pirate stole from one other pirate, the guilty pirate would be punished by having his ears and nose cut, and left on shore.)"

III. No person to game at cards or dice for money.

"(This means that crew members cannot gamble using money while playing cards or dice)"

IV. The lights and candles to be put out at eight o'clock at night: if any of the crew, after that hour still remained inclined for drinking, they were to do it on the open deck.

"(This means that all fires had to be put out by 8:00 PM. If crew members wanted to drink after 8:00 PM, then they had to do it on deck.)"

V. To keep their piece, pistols, and cutlass clean and fit for service.

"(This means that crew members' weapons had to be kept clean)"

VI. No boy or woman to be allowed amongst them. If any man were to be found seducing any of the latter sex, and carried her to sea, disguised, he was to suffer death;(so that when any fell into their hands, as it chanced in the Onslow, they put a sentinel immediately over her to prevent ill consequences from so dangerous an instrument of division and quarrel; but then here lies the roguery; they contend who shall be sentinel, which happens generally to one of the greatest bullies, who, to secure the lady's virtue, will let none lie with her but himself.)

"(This means that no young boys or women were allowed to be crew members. If a crew member took a woman out to sea in disguise, then he would be killed as punishment.)"

VII. To desert the ship or their quarters in battle, was punished with death or marooning.

"(This means that if a crew member ran away from battle, he would be killed or left on a deserted island.)"

VIII. No striking one another on board, but every man's quarrels to be ended on shore, at sword and pistol. (The quarter-master of the ship, when the parties will not come to any reconciliation, accompanies them on shore with what assistance he thinks proper, and turns the disputant back to back, at so many paces distance; at the word of command, they turn and fire immediately, (or else the piece is knocked out of their hands). If both miss, they come to their cutlasses, and then he is declared the victor who draws the first blood.)

"(This means that the crew members were not allowed to fight on the ship. If they had to fight, they would fight on shore. They would start with a duel where both pirates tried to shoot each other. If both of them missed, they would fight with their swords. They were not allowed any help from other crew members in their fight.)"

IX. No man to talk of breaking up their way of living, till each had shared one thousand pounds. If in order to this, any man should lose a limb, or become a cripple in their service, he was to have eight hundred dollars, out of the public stock, and for lesser hurts, proportionately.

"(This means that no crew member was allowed to leave the ship's crew until each member had 1000 pounds' share of plunder (stolen money or goods). If a crew member became seriously injured, he would be given 800 dollars.)"

X. The captain and quartermaster to receive two shares of a prize: the master, boatswain, and gunner, one share and a half, and other officers one and quarter.

"(The captain and the quartermaster each receive two shares of stolen money or goods (double what the regular pirates got). The master, boatswain, and gunner each receive one and a half shares of stolen money or goods. Other officers receive one and one fourth shares of stolen money or goods.)"

XI. The musicians to have rest on the Sabbath Day, but the other six days and nights, none without special favour.

"(Musicians could not play music on the Sabbath Day.)"

Captain John Phillips, captain of the "Revenge", also set a code for his men in 1724:

I. Every Man Shall obey civil Command; the Captain shall have one full Share and a half of all Prizes; the Master, Carpenter, Boatswain and Gunner shall have one Share and quarter.

"(Every pirate had to obey the rules and orders of the Captain and other people in charge. The Captain would get one and a half shares of any stolen money or goods. The Master, Carpenter, Boatswain, and Gunner would get one and a quarter shares.)"

II. If any Man shall offer to run away, or keep any Secret from the Company, he shall be marooned with one Bottle of Powder, one Bottle of Water, one small Arm, and Shot.

"(If any pirate talked about running away from the ship, or kept any secret from the group, he would be marooned. A pirate who was marooned by Captain Phillips would be left on a deserted island with one bottle of water, a small gun, a bottle of gunpowder and one bullet, so he could shoot and kill himself if he wanted to.)"

III. If any Man shall steal any Thing in the Company, or game, to the Value of a Piece of Eight, he shall be marooned or shot.

"(If a pirate stole anything from the ship that was worth more than a piece of eight (a Spanish dollar), he would be marooned or killed.)"

IV. If any time we shall meet another Marooner that Man shall sign his Articles without the Consent of our Company, shall suffer such Punishment as the Captain and Company shall think fit.

V. That Man that shall strike another whilst these Articles are in force, shall receive Moses’s Law (that is, 40 Stripes lacking one) on the bare Back.

"(A pirate who hit another pirate would be whipped 39 times on his bare back.)"

VI. That Man that shall snap his Arms, or smoke Tobacco in the Hold, without a Cap to his Pipe, or carry a Candle lighted without a Lanthorn, shall suffer the same Punishment as in the former Article.

"(A pirate that fired a gun when not in battle, smoked tobacco in the hold (where gunpowder was kept), or carried a candle that was not in a lantern, would be whipped 39 times on the bare back. These things were dangerous because they could start fires on the ship or make the gunpowder on the ship explode.)"

VII. That Man shall not keep his Arms clean, fit for an Engagement, or neglect his Business, shall be cut off from his Share, and suffer such other Punishment as the Captain and the Company shall think fit.

"(If a pirate did not keep his weapons clean and ready for battle, or did not do his job, he would not get a share of any stolen money or goods. He could also be punished in any other way that the Captain and other pirates decided.)"

VIII. If any Man shall lose a Joint in time of an Engagement, shall have 400 Pieces of Eight ; if a Limb, 800.

"(A pirate who lost a joint in battle would be given 400 pieces of eight. A pirate who lost an arm or a leg would be given 800 pieces of eight.)"

IX. If at any time you meet with a prudent Woman, that Man that offers to meddle with her, without her Consent, shall suffer present Death.

"(Any pirate that tried to rape a woman would be killed.)"

The "Boston News-Letter", an old newspaper published in the 1700s, printed these rules and said they were set by Captain Edward Low. The first eight of these articles are basically the same as the rules that Charles Johnson's book says Captain George Lowther used. Since Lowther and Low are known to have sailed together from about January 1, 1722 to May 28, 1722, Low and Lowther probably did use the same articles. Low's two extra articles were probably "ordinance", or amendment, adopted after the two crews separated.

I. The Captain is to have two full Shares; the [quarter] Master is to have one Share and one Half; The Doctor, Mate, Gunner and Boatswain, one Share and one Quarter.

II. He that shall be found guilty of taking up any Unlawful Weapon on Board the Privateer or any other prize by us taken, so as to Strike or Abuse one another in any regard, shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall see fit.

"(A pirate who was found guilty of taking a weapon onto the ship with the goal of hurting another pirate would be punished. The punishment would be voted on by the pirates, and would be whatever the Captain and most of the pirates decided.)"

III. He that shall be found Guilty of Cowardice in the time of engagements, shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(A pirate who was found guilty of being a coward - not being brave enough - during battle would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

IV. If any Gold, Jewels, Silver, &c. be found on Board of any Prize or Prizes to the value of a Piece of Eight, & the finder do not deliver it to the Quarter Master in the space of 24 hours he shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(If a pirate had any stolen money or goods that were worth more than a piece of eight, he had to give it to the Quarter-Master within 24 hours. If he did not, he would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

V. He that is found Guilty of Gaming, or Defrauding one another to the value of a Royal of Plate, shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(If a pirate was found guilty of gambling for money, or stealing money from another pirate, he would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

VI. He that shall have the Misfortune to loose a Limb in time of Engagement, shall have the Sum of Six hundred pieces of Eight, and remain aboard as long as he shall think fit.

"(If a pirate lost an arm or a leg during battle, he would be given 600 pieces of eight. The pirate could decide whether to stay on the ship or leave.)"

VII. Good Quarters to be given when Craved.

VIII. He that sees a Sail first, shall have the best Pistol or Small Arm aboard of her.

"(The first pirate to see a ship that the pirates could attack would be given the best gun the pirates were able to steal from that ship.)"

IX. He that shall be guilty of Drunkenness in time of Engagement shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(A pirate who was drunk during a battle would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

X. No snapping of Guns in the Hold.

In the Disney movie trilogy "Pirates of the Caribbean", all the featured pirates are governed by a single Code. While the Code has the force of law in Shipwreck Cove, where a codex containing the complete code is kept under the care of Captain Teague, elsewhere, the Code is treated more as a set of guidelines than as actual rules.



Hallelujah (Leonard Cohen song)

"Hallelujah" is a folk-rock song by Canadian singer/guitarist Leonard Cohen. It was first released on his 1984 album "Various Positions".

Following its increased popularity after being featured in the movie "Shrek" (2001), it has been re-recorded by many different artists including Jeff Buckley, Anand Bhatt, Rufus Wainwright, Allison Crowe, k.d. lang, Tori Kelly, and Damien Rice.

The song draws references to David ("there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord", "The baffled king composing Hallelujah") and Bathsheba ("you saw her bathing on the roof") in its opening verses.

"Hallelujah" experienced renewed interest following Cohen's death in November 2016 and appeared on multiple international singles charts, including entering the American "Billboard" Hot 100 for the first time.

Cohen wrote around 80 draft verses for "Hallelujah", with one writing session at the Royalton Hotel in New York where he was reduced to sitting on the floor in his underwear, banging his head on the floor.

Cohen sang a different version when he played the song in concert starting in 1988. A lot of other people who sing it mix lyrics from both versions, and occasionally make direct lyric changes; for example, in place of Cohen's "holy dove", Canadian-American singer Rufus Wainwright changed it to "holy dark", while Canadian singer-songwriter Allison Crowe sang "holy ghost".

Canadian singer k.d. lang said in an interview shortly after Cohen's death that she considered the song to be about "the struggle between having human desire and searching for spiritual wisdom. It's being caught between those two places." Former Barenaked Ladies frontman Steven Page, who sang the song at Canadian politician Jack Layton's funeral, described the song as being "about disappointing people".


Islamic State of Afghanistan

The Islamic State of Afghanistan was the name given to the nation of Afghanistan during the rule of the United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan government. After 2001, the country was renamed Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.

Governmental Ideologies:
Tajik Islamic-Nationalism 
Pan-Islamism
Sunni-Shia Unity 
Pan-Jihadism

Leonard Cohen

Leonard Norman Cohen (September 21, 1934 – November 7, 2016) was a Canadian singer, songwriter, musician, poet, novelist, and painter. His work was mostly about religion, politics, sexuality, and personal relationships. All of these ideas can be seen in his best known work, "Hallelujah". 

Cohen was added into both the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame as well as the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He was a Companion of the Order of Canada, the nation's highest civilian honor. In 2011, Cohen received one of the Prince of Asturias Awards for literature and the ninth Glenn Gould Prize.

Cohen was born on September 21, 1934 in Westmount, Quebec into a middle-class Canadian Jewish family. His mother was Marsha (Masha) Klonitsky and his father was Nathan Cohen. Cohen's father died when he was nine years old. 

During his high school years in Westmount, Cohen learned and played the guitar many times and wrote poems. He studied at McGill University.

Cohen started a career as a poet and novelist during the 1950s and early 1960s. Cohen did not start his music career until 1967, at the age of 33. His first album, "Songs of Leonard Cohen" (1967), was followed by three more albums of folk music: "Songs from a Room" (1969), "Songs of Love and Hate" (1971) and "New Skin for the Old Ceremony" (1974). 

His 1977 record "Death of a Ladies' Man" was co-written and produced by Phil Spector. In 1979, Cohen returned with the more traditional "Recent Songs", which blended his acoustic style with jazz and Oriental and Mediterranean influences.

"Hallelujah" was first released on Cohen's studio album "Various Positions" in 1984. Cohen wrote around 80 draft verses for "Hallelujah", with one writing session at the Royalton Hotel in New York where he was reduced to sitting on the floor in his underwear, banging his head on the floor. This became Cohen's best known work. "I'm Your Man" in 1988 marked Cohen's most popular album with the song "Everybody Knows". In 1992, Cohen released its follow-up, "The Future", which had dark lyrics and references to political and social unrest.
Cohen returned to music in 2001 with the release of "Ten New Songs", which was a major hit in Canada and Europe. His eleventh album, "Dear Heather", followed in 2004. After a successful string of tours between 2008 and 2010, Cohen released three albums in the final four years of his life: "Old Ideas" (2012), "Popular Problems" (2014) and "You Want It Darker" (2016), the last of which was released three weeks before his death.

Though never married, Cohen had two children: Adam and Lorca with his girlfriend Suzanne Elrod. He was also romantically linked with Marianne Ihlen, Janis Joplin and Rebecca De Mornay.

Cohen died in 7 November 2016 of leukemia and from complications of a fall in his sleep at his home in Los Angeles, aged 82.

His funeral was held on November 10, 2016 in Montreal, at a cemetery on Mount Royal, his congregation Shaar Hashomayim confirmed.
As was his wish, Cohen was laid to rest with a Jewish rite, in a simple pine casket, in a family plot.




Jeff Buckley

Jeffrey Scott "Jeff" Buckley (November 17, 1966 – May 29, 1997) was an American singer and guitarist. His father was Tim Buckley. He was also a musician. 

Buckley died after drowning in the Wolf River in Memphis at the age of 30. His body was found on 4 June. 

Buckley was born in Anaheim, California. He was the only son of Mary Guibert, a Panama Canal Zonian and Tim Buckley (1947-1975). Buckley is of Greek, French, Irish and Panamanian descent. Buckley was known as Scott "Scotty" Moorhead as a child. This name was based on his middle name and his stepfather's surname. His father died when he was eight years old.

Buckley died at the age of 30 on the evening of May 29, 1997. His death was ruled as an accidental drowning after he went missing after going swimming in the Wolf River Harbor which is a slackwater channel of the Mississippi River. His body was found floating on the surface on 4 June. 



Stigmata

Stigmata are marks on a person's body, that are like the wounds Jesus got from being crucified.

They supposedly happen to other religious people like Saint Francis of Assisi, as well as Jesus. The marks include nail holes in the hands and feet, as if the person had been crucified, but without that having happened. 

Those who believe in stigmata say that actual nails were not used, but the holes just appear as a miracle. Those who do not believe say it is not a miracle. They have other ways to explain those stories.

Flag of Turkmenistan

The flag of Turkmenistan was adopted on January 24, 2001 in the 2:3 ratio as Turkmenistan's national flag, though the flag was adopted in the 1:2 ratio on February 19, 1992. It is often described as the most detailed national flag in the world. 

It features a green field with a vertical red stripe near the hoist side, containing five carpet guls (designs used in producing rugs) stacked above two crossed olive branches similar to those on the flag of the United Nations; a white waxing crescent moon, typical of Turkic symbology, and five white five-pointed stars appear in the upper corner of the field just to the fly side of the red stripe.

The green and red colors appear in this flag because they have been venerated historically by the Turkmen. The waxing crescent moon symbolizes the hope of the country for a shining future and the stars represent the five provinces (Welayatlar) of Turkmenistan-Ahal, Balkan, Dashhowuz, Lebap, and Mary.

The five traditional carpet designs along the hoist represent the five major tribes or houses, and form motifs in the country's state emblem and flag. These Turkmen tribes in traditional order (as well as top to bottom) are Teke (Tekke), Yomut (Yomud), Arsary (Ersary), Chowdur (Choudur), and Saryk (Saryq). The Salyr (Salor), a tribe that declined as a result of military defeat before the modern period, are not represented, nor are several smaller tribes or subtribes.

The wreath is one of the odder parts of the flag, added against the rules of heraldry and breaking up the carpet pattern. It was added as an afterthought to represent the "status of permanent neutrality," which was accepted by the United Nations General Assembly on December 12, 1995.

Philolaus

Philolaus (ca. 480 BC – ca. 385 BC, ) was a Greek Pythagorean and Presocratic. He argued that all matter is composed of limited and unlimited things, and that the universe is determined by numbers. He is credited with originating the theory that the earth was not the center of the universe.

Coat of arms of Turkmenistan

The coat of arms of Turkmenistan was created after Turkmenistan gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991. The eight-point green starburst (known as the star of Rub El Hizb (۞), a symbol of Islam, to which a majority of Turkmen profess) with golden edges features in its center a red circular disc which carries sheaves of wheat, five carpet guls, and centered upon that a smaller blue circle with a lifelike (rather than heraldized) depiction of an Akhal-Teke horse, a source of pride for the Turkmen people. A variant of the emblem, which included different colors and rounded, was used from 1992 until 2003. 

The five traditional carpet motifs on the red disc represent the five major tribes or houses, and stand for the traditional and religious values of the country. These Turkmen tribes in traditional order are Teke (Tekke), Yomut (Yomud), Arsary (Ersary), Chowdur (Choudur), and Saryk (Saryq). The Salyr (Salor), a tribe that declined as a result of military defeat before the modern period, are not represented, nor are several smaller tribes or subtribes. 

The green and red colors appear in this shield because they have been venerated historically by the Turkmen. The central elements are surrounded by sheaves of wheat that allude to the custom to welcome to guests with salt and bread. Atop the wheat and the red circle appear a waxing crescent moon of white, typical of Turkic symbology, and five five-pointed stars also of white. The waxing crescent moon symbolizes the hope of the country for a shining future and the stars represent the five provinces (Welayatlar) of Turkmenistan-Ahal, Balkan, Dashhowuz, Lebap, and Mary. Most of the elements of the coat of arms are present in the national flag.

Before independence from the USSR, Turkmenistan had a coat of arms similar to all other Soviet Republics. A single carpet "gul", not matching any of the tribal patterns, was represented on the Coat of arms of the Turkmen SSR.


Pre-Socratic philosophy

The Pre-Socratic Greek philosophers were active before Socrates. The popular usage of the term comes from Hermann Diels' work "Die Fragmente der Vorsokratiker" ("The Fragments of the Pre-Socratics", 1903).

Most of what we know about the pre-Socractic philosophers come from quotations by later philosophers and historians. While most of them produced significant texts, none of the texts have survived in complete form.

The standard reference works in English are:

The fundamental idea which motivated most of the presocratics (as they are called) is naturalism. This is the idea that questions about life and the world can be answered without using myths, and that "the natural world is the whole of reality". 

With the Greeks we see rational thought and scientific reasoning appear.



Milesian school

The Milesian school was a school of thought founded in the 6th Century BC. The ideas associated with it are exemplified by three philosophers from the Ionian town of Miletus: Thales, Anaximander, and Anaximenes.

Pythagoreanism

Pythagoreanism is a term used for the esoteric and metaphysical beliefs held by Pythagoras and his followers, the Pythagoreans, who were much influenced by mathematics. They thought the world was made of numbers, and that various integers had distinct sacred meanings in their numerology.

Later resurgence of ideas similar to those held by the early Pythagoreans are collected under the term Neopythagoreanism.


Anaxagoras

Anaxagoras (, fl. 480 BC – 450 BC) was a Pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. Anaxagoras was an Ionian Greek. He was born in Asia Minor, in Clazomenae. This was a town in what is now Turkey.

Anaxagoras was the first known atheist. He also introduced the concept of "νούσ" ("nous", or mind), the ordering force behind the Universe. But he did not take this idea any further.

He held that the Sun was not a god, but just material. It was a "red-hot mass many times larger than the Peloponnese". The Moon was a solid body with geographical features, and made of the same substance as the Earth.

Anaxagoras was eventually arrested and prosecuted for freethought. He was banished from Athens for impiety in 450 BC. However, his works were available in Socrates' day for a drachma.

Miletus

Miletus (mī lē' təs) (Ancient Greek: Μίλητος, literally transliterated "Milētos", Latin "Miletus") was an ancient city on the western coast of Anatolia (in what is now Aydin Province, Turkey), near the mouth of the Maeander River in ancient Caria.

Tooth fairy

The tooth fairy is a mythical figure found in modern folklore. Around the world, families have many different traditions to celebrate the loss of a child's tooth, especially a first tooth. Many of the traditions involve throwing a tooth on a roof, under a house, burying it under a tree, or leaving it for a rodent. 

One of the most famous traditions is leaving a tooth under a pillow for the tooth fairy. This tradition is very popular in the United States as well as other countries. The tooth fairy is said to take the tooth away while the child is sleeping and leave some money in its place. Sometimes the tooth fairy may also leave a note. If the child does not go to sleep the tooth fairy will not come.

Some people tell the story that the tooth fairy is named Fatina and lives in Neverland. The belief is that Fatina creates a magic powder from children's teeth that protects the fairies from hawks who might otherwise eat them.

893

893 was a common year.




Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor

Frederick Barbarossa (December 1122 - 10 June 1190) was born in 1122 in the monastery Weingarten. He was the son of Guelph Judith. Frederick had a cousin, called "Henry the Lion", who was his greatest enemy. In the year 1152, Frederick Barbarossa was crowned King of Germany.

Today people know Frederick Barbarossa as a powerful soldier, who tried to conquer Jerusalem and return it to the Christians. 
He was born in 1122 in a monastery in Altdorf, which is now called Weingarten. During the Middle Ages, most women returned to their birth country, so it is very likely that Frederick’s mother had been born in Altdorf, too.

Frederick's nickname was "Barbarossa" (“Redbeard”). This was because of his remarkable beard, which was red. “Barba” is the Latin word for beard. “Rossa” is also Latin and means “red”.

Frederick was raised formally and strictly. On 4 March 1142, at the age of 20, Frederick was crowned King of Germany. His cousin, Henry the Lion, was Frederick’s enemy for many years. Henry wanted to become King of Germany, too and therefore was angry when he found out that Barbarossa was to be king and also Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.

In 1156, he married Lady Beatrix. They had many children. Frederick participated in the third crusade. He never actually reached Jerusalem. It is said that he drowned in the River Saleph in 1190. His soldiers carried his dead body to Jerusalem and buried him there.

BBC Weather

BBC Weather is the BBC's department in charge of preparing and broadcasting weather forecasts and is now part of BBC News. The broadcast meteorologists are employed by the Met Office. The longest serving presenter of BBC weather was Michael Fish, now retired, who appeared for 30 years between 1974 and 2004.

The first BBC weather forecast was a shipping forecast read on the radio for the Met Office on 14 November 1922. The first daily weather forecast was broadcast 26 March 1923.

In 1936, the BBC experimented with the world's first weather maps on television. Weather maps were first published in "The Times" on 1 April 1875. The BBC started broadcasting the maps in 1949 after World War II. The map filled the whole TV screen, and an off-screen narrator would comment on the next day's weather.

On 11 January 1954, George Cowling was the first weather forecaster to stand in front of a weather map. To do this, the maps were drawn by hand in the London Weather Centre and were taken across London. The forecasts were presented by the same person who had made them, and were not always right.

In 1962, a fax machine and an electronic computer were bought by the Met Office. This gave better and quicker forecasting.

Satellite photography was available from 1964, but was of a poor quality and was given on paper, with the coastline etched in felt-tip pen. This did not change until 1973 when a new computer was bought. This made forecasts twice as accurate as earlier ones.

As computational capability improved, so did graphics technology. Early hand-drawn maps gave way to magnetic symbols, which in turn gave way to bluescreen (CSO) computer-generated imagery technology, each of which allowed the presenter greater control over the information displayed.

Early magnetic symbols tended to adhere poorly to the maps, and occasional spelling errors (such as the presenter writing 'GOF' instead of 'FOG') marred some broadcasts, but allowed the presenter to show how weather would change over time. The symbols were designed to be 'self-explicit', allowing the viewer to understand the map without a key or legend.

These were phased out in 1985 for computer graphics, although the basic design of symbols was kept the same. These forecasts were widely acclaimed for their simplicity, winning an award from the Royal Television Society.

Possibly the most famous of the forecasters is the now retired Michael Fish. Famous for his informal manner and eccentric dress sense (he once wore a blue and green blazer emblazoned with all the weather symbols), he was a viewer favourite despite an unfortunate comment before The Great Storm of 1987.

During a weather forecast some hours before the storm, Michael Fish started his forecast with the now famous line 
Although he was actually referring to a Florida hurricane (Floyd), and went on to forecast stormy conditions over the South of England, the statement has gone down in popular culture as one of the worst mistakes made so publicly.

On 2 October 2000 BBC Weather underwent a more significant change. Whilst there was not much change to the existing weather symbols new symbols giving information Pollen and Sun levels were introduced. A new more detailed map of Britain was used based on satellite data.

16 May 2005 saw the end of the weather symbols on television after 29 years and 9 months on air. They were replaced by a controversial format as the forecast underwent another redesign, with the flat map replaced by a 3D globe, and weather conditions shown by coloured areas. Cloud cover is indicated by the brightness of the map, while rain and snow are indicated by animated blue and white areas respectively.

The graphics are provided by Weatherscape XT, which was developed by the commercial arm of the New Zealand Metservice.

The move polarised opinion; some saw it as more accurate and modern, while others disliked the brown colour chosen for the landmass and the presumed high cost of the graphics. Poor angling of the map, in order to show the curvature of the Earth, led to Scotland appearing little larger than Devon, and Shetland being almost invisible while exaggerating London and the South East. This led to many Scottish commentators claiming the BBC was guilty of a London bias. As a result, the map was realigned, and the moving tour of the UK was lengthened.

The new look won a prestigious Silver Award at the Promax/BDA Awards in 2006. Criticism has been ongoing however, with some viewers complaining about the colour scheme, and of a lack of detail beyond 36 hours.

There have been continuous developments since May 2005. In 2006, a rippling effect was introduced to define seas and oceans.

The BBC Weather website provides outlook weather forecasts for UK and international locations using animated symbols and a format similar in design to that used for the televised broadcasts.

The website also runs frequent special features about seasonal sports, White Christmas, nature and meteorological science. It also has world weather, UK outlook and weather news. A new beta weather site is currently being developed, to fit in with the rest of the BBC site style.


Cheap Trick

Cheap Trick are a rock band from Illinois, USA. They were very popular in the 1970s and 80s. Some of their hits include: Surrender, Dream Police and I Want You to Want Me. They are still very big in Japan and are called the "American Beatles" in Japan. 


Strychnine

Strychnine is a poisonous substance which is naturally produced by the plant "Strychnos nux-vomica". Together with brucine, another poison, strychnine is found in the leaves and seeds of this plant. They are a rather extreme example of the way some plants protect themselves against herbivores. The substances were discovered early in the 19th century, but it took about 150 years before Robert Robinson worked out their structure.

When purified, strychnine is a very toxic colorless crystalline alkaloid. It is very poisonous, the LD is about 10 mg. Strychnine is soluble in alcohol and chloroform, but not in water.

Strychnine has few uses today. It can act as a stimulant, much like caffeine, and is on the list of substances tested for doping in sports. 
It was used as a pesticide, for killing small vertebrates such as birds and rodents.

Strychnine causes muscular convulsions. It leads to death through asphyxia or exhaustion. The most common source is from the seeds of the "Strychnos nux vomica" tree. Strychnine is one of the most bitter substances known. Its taste is detectable in concentrations as low as 1 ppm.

Between 30 and 120 mg can kill an adult human. Strychnine is rapidly absorbed by the mucous membranes. If it is given under the skin, or intravenously, a quantity of 15 mg may be enough to kill an adult. Benzodiazepines (such as Diazepam) are used by default for emergency treatment.

Unlike the illustrations given in fiction crime novels, Strychnine is not very good for killing someone (when given orally). This is because even diluted at 1:130.000 it can still be tasted. Despite this, some murders happened with Strychnine. Thomas Neill Cream, a serial killer, used it on some of his victims.

Because of its high toxicity and tendency to cause convulsions, the use of strychnine in medicine was eventually abandoned once safer alternatives became available.


Alkaloid

An alkaloid is a chemical compound that can be made naturally. They contain basic nitrogen atoms. The name comes from the word alkaline and was used to describe any alkaline containing nitrogen. Alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms, such as bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals and are part of the group of natural products (also called secondary metabolites). Many alkaloids can be purified from basic substances by acid-base extraction. Many alkaloids are toxic to other organisms. Some alkaloids have a bitter taste.

All of the following alkaloids are produced by flowering plants. They are one of the main ways plants reduce or avoid being eaten by herbivores.

Quinine

Quinine is an alkaloid which can reduce fever, work against malaria, pain and swelling. The bark of the Cinchona family of trees contains quinine. Quinine can be made artificially, but this is more expensive than extracting it from the bark of the tree. This tree is found in the Andes, South America, Indonesia, and Congo.

Quinine was the first treatment for malaria, known from 1631 in Europe, and probably much earlier to the native peoples of South America. Even today, quinine is used to treat certain forms of malaria, when other drugs fail or are unavailable. In that way, quinine is currently one of the best treatments for "malaria tropica", which is caused by plasmodium falciparum. For the other forms of malaria, quinine is no longer used, as other drugs have replaced it.

Quinine relaxes muscles, and was used by the Inca of Peru to stop people from shivering. Europeans first reported using quinine against malaria in Rome in 1631.

The best type of quinine used to treat malaria was found by Charles Marie de La Condamine in 1737. Quinine helped Europeans colonize Africa. A historian said that "it was quinine ... that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa".

Quinine can cause cinchonism and even death (usually by pulmonary oedema) in some cases. Quinine can make someone paralyzed if it is injected into a nerve. It is very toxic in overdose.

Quinine has a bitter taste. It was first added to drinks like Bitter Lemon and Tonic Water Quinine was added to have some protection against Malaria. In China, it is sometimes added to drugs against the Common cold. Quinine is also often used to add a bitter taste to food. Usually this has to be declared though. Quinine can also stimulate the muscles of the uterus. For this reason, pregnant women should not take too much of it. Sometimes it is used in combination with Heroin.



Progressive bluegrass

Progressive bluegrass is a type of bluegrass music which became popular in the 1960s and 1970s. The four important elements (not always all present) of progressive bluegrass are instrumentation (usually including electric instruments, drums, piano, and more), songs imported or styles imitated from other musical genres (like jazz, rock and others), non-traditional chord progressions, and lengthy "jam band"-style improvisation.

Bands such as Nickel Creek produce music in this style.

Hot Country Songs

Hot Country Songs is a chart published weekly by "Billboard magazine" in the United States.

This 60-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly mostly by airplay and occasionally commercial sales. Currently, the chart does not count digital downloads towards chart tabulation (although singles that are only available as downloads do chart if they receive enough airplay).

Neverland

Neverland is a fictional island that is the setting for the novel Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie. Peter Pan, his gang of "Lost Boys" and Tinkerbell, the fairy, live on Neverland. A gang of pirates led by Captain Hook and a band of Native Americans ("redskins" in the story) also live on the island.

Neverland is a land of fantasy where no one gets older and Peter Pan remains a child forever. To reach Neverland, Peter Pan states one must fly "second to the right, and straight on till morning". 


International Bluegrass Music Association

The International Bluegrass Music Association, or IBMA, is a trade association to promote bluegrass music.

Formed in 1985, IBMA established its first headquarters in Owensboro, Kentucky. In 1988 they announced plans to create the International Bluegrass Music Museum as a joint venture with RiverPark Center in Owensboro. In 1990 IBMA established the World of Bluegrass, a combination trade show, concert, and awards presentation. This was originally set in Owensboro, before moving to Louisville, Kentucky in 1997. Nashville, Tennessee hosted this event in 2005 and 2006, and will continue as the host location in the future. In 1991 IBMA established the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor at the International Bluegrass Music Museum to recognize lifetime contributions to bluegrass, both by performers and non-performers. In 2003 IBMA relocated its offices to Nashville, Tennessee.


Country Music Association Awards

The Country Music Association Awards, also known as the CMA Awards, or the CMAs, are music awards voted on by business members of the Country Music Association.

The Used

The Used is an American post hardcore band. They formed in the year 2000 and have released a number of albums since then. Their first album was called "The Used". Their latest album is called "Heartwork", and was released in 2020.

They have always been signed to one record label named Reprise. In 2004, singer Bert McCracken's girlfriend at the time was pregnant with their child and she died from a drug overdose. For that reason, their second album was named "In Love and Death". Around that time, the band also took on a new drummer.

Bobo-Dioulasso

Bobo Dioulasso is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the second largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 435,543 people lived in the city; 215,968 were male and 219,575 were female.

Koudougou

Koudougou is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the third largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 82,720 people lived in the city; 40,229 were male and 42,491 were female.

Banfora

Banfora is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the fourth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 72,144 people lived in the city; 36,392 were male and 35,752 were female.

Ouahigouya

Ouahigouya is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the fifth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 70,957 people lived in the city; 35,017 were male and 35,940 were female.

Chirality

Chirality is when an object is present in two forms which are mirror images of each other.

The two forms cannot be superimposed. Human hands are chiral. The left hand is a mirror image of the right hand. You cannot turn or move one of your hands to look exactly the same as the other. This is why you can not put a left handed glove on your right hand, or shake the right hand of a person using your left hand.

In chemistry, chirality refers to molecules. If a molecule is chiral it has two forms that are mirror images of each other but "otherwise identical".

Chemists call these "enantiomers" or "optical isomers". Because the difference between right and left hands is easy to understand, chemists call enantiomers either 'right-' or 'left-handed'. A mixture of equal amounts of the two enantiomers is called a "racemic mixture".

Molecular chirality is quite common. It is found in stereochemistry, inorganic chemistry, organic chemistry, physical chemistry, and biochemistry.

The symmetry of a molecule (or any other object) tells us whether it is chiral. A molecule is "achiral" (not chiral) if it has an axis of symmetry.

A racemic mixture is one which has equal amounts of left- and right-handed enantiomers of a chiral molecule.

Many biologically active molecules are chiral, including amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) and sugars. Most of these compounds are of the same chirality. Most amino acids are (left-handed) and sugars are . (right-handed). Proteins made of amino acids, are known as "left-handed proteins", whereas amino acids produce "right-handed proteins".

The origin of homochirality in the first place is much discussed. Most believe that the original origin of chiralities was purely random. They think if carbon-based life forms exist elsewhere in the universe, the chemistry might have different chirality. Other theories are possible.

Enzymes, which are chiral, usually only work with one enantiomer of a chiral substrate. Imagine an enzyme as having a glove-like cavity that binds a substrate. If this glove is right-handed, then one enantiomer will fit inside and be bound, whereas the other enantiomer will have a poor fit and is unlikely to bind.

It was economical for life-forms to adopt one form or the other of each type of chiral compound. That way we do not need two enzymes for every chemical reaction which involves chirality.

Londrina

Londrina is a city in Brazil. It is found in the northern area of the state of Paraná. It is 369 km away from the capital, Curitiba. Londrina has 510.707 people living in the city. This makes it the second biggest city of Paraná and the third biggest city in Southern Brazil.

Kaya

Kaya is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the sixth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 51,778 people lived in the city; 25,898 were male and 25,880 were female.

Superimposition

In graphics, superimposition is when an image or video is put on top of an already-existing image or video. This is usually done to add to the overall image effect or to hide something (such as when a different face is superimposed over the original face in a photograph). 

This technique is used in cartography to produce photomaps by superimposing grid lines, contour lines and other linear or textual mapping features over aerial photographs.

Superimposition of 2D images containing correlated periodic grid structures may produce moiré patterns. Superimposition of two correlated layers of parallel lines or curves may give rise line moiré patterns. The movement of one of the layers results in a faster movement of the line moiré superimposition image. Such optical acceleration is known as moiré speedup (check for the formulas of optical speedup for curved patterns). When superimposing two identical layers comprising randomly spaced parallel lines, at a small angle or with a small scaling difference random line moiré patterns, namely line Glass patterns (after Leon Glass, 1969) appear. Similarly, when superimposing two identical layers of randomly scattered dots at a small angle or with a small scaling difference random dot Glass patterns, namely random dot moiré, appears. When one of the layers embeds complex shapes, such as sequences of symbols forming a text, and another layer contains parallel lines or curves, the superimposition image may gives rise to magnified shapes, called shape moiré patterns.

Maringá

Maringá is the third largest city in the state of Paraná, in the Southern Region of Brazil. About 400,000 people live there. It has an area of 3,179.987 km² (1,227.8 sq mi).

Tenkodogo

Tenkodogo is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the seventh largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 40,839 people lived in the city; 20,093 were male and 20,756 were female.

Fada N'gourma

Fada N'gourma is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the eighth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 40,815 people lived in the city; 20,796 were male and 20,019 were female.

Ponta Grossa

Ponta Grossa is a Brazilian city, in the southern region of the country, in the state of Paraná. With a population of over 300,000 inhabitants, it is the 4th most populated city of Paraná.

The city is home town of the "Parque Estadual da Vila Velha" ("State Park of Old Town"), a park made up of rocky formations formed over millions of years.

Other attraction of the city is the "Münchenfest" - A National Stout Festival with national and international concerts that lasts a whole week and occurs at late November and the beginning of December.

Dédougou

Dédougou is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the ninth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 37,793 people lived in the city; 18,778 were male and 19,015 were female.

Houndé

Houndé is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the tenth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 34,669 people lived in the city; 17,418 were male and 17,251 were female.

Foz do Iguaçu

Foz do Iguaçu (fɔs do igwa'su) is the 4th largest city of Paraná state, in the south region of Brazil. 309,000 people live there. It is about west of Curitiba, Parana's capital city, on the border with Argentina and Paraguay. The people who live there are known as "iguaçuenses".

The city is known for the Iguaçu Falls and the Itaipu Dam, the largest dam of the world was built.

Cascavel

Cascavel is a city in western Paraná state, in the south region of Brazil. It has, approximately 300.000 inhabitants.

The city is on a plateau 781 meters above sea level. It is 504 km west of the state capital of Curitiba, 605 km west of the sea port of Paranaguá and 140 km from Foz do Iguaçu/ the 3 borders (Paraguay, Argentina and Brazil).

Julen Guerrero

Julen Guerrero (born 7 January, 1974) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Athletic Bilbao and Spain national team.

372||96
372||96

!Total||41||13

Emile Heskey

Emile William Ivanhoe Heskey (born 11 January 1978) is an English former footballer.

At the pinnacle of his career, he played for Leicester City, Liverpool and Birmingham City. he later he played for Wigan Athletic and Aston Villa, then Newcastle Jets in the Australian A-League. For a while he was a regular member of the England national team, striking up a good partnership with fellow forward Michael Owen, where he was often deployed as a 'Target Man' due to his immense strength, good first touch and passing skills. 

Jan Koller

Jan Koller (born March 30 1973) is a former Czech football player. He plays for Cannes and Czech Republic national team.

Appearances and goals by national team and year

Sparta Prague

Anderlecht

Borussia Dortmund

Individual

Rüştü Reçber

Rüştü Reçber (born 10 May 1973) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Beşiktaş and Turkey national team.

380||0||66||0||6||0||452||0
4||0||colspan="2"|-||3||0||7||0
384||0||66||0||9||0||459||0

!Total||119||0

William Regal

Darren Kenneth Matthews (born May 10, 1968) also known by his ring name William Regal, is an English professional wrestler, currently signed to the World Wrestling Entertainment where he is the commissioner of the NXT brand.


Bryan Robson

Bryan Robson OBE (born 11 January 1957) is an English football manager and former player.

Manchester United

Individual

!Total||90||26

Middlesbrough

Individual

Robson was awarded the OBE in the January 1990 New Year Honours. In 1998, he was named among the list of Football League 100 Legends, and was made an Inaugural Inductee of the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002 in recognition of his impact on the English game as a player. He was named as one of West Bromwich Albion's 16 greatest players, in a 2004 poll organised as part of the club's 125th anniversary celebrations.

Robbie Fowler

Robbie Fowler (born 9 April 1975) is an English former professional football player.

Sources:

Sources:

Liverpool
England U18

England U21

Individual

Hernán Crespo

Hernán Jorge Crespo (; born 5 July 1975) is an Argentine professional football coach and former player. He was most recently the manager of Qatari club Al-Duhail.

Crespo scored over 300 goals in 19 years. At international level, he scored 35 goals and is Argentina's fourth highest goalscorer.

River Plate

Parma

Lazio

A.C. Milan

Chelsea

Inter Milan

Argentina U23

Argentina

Individual

Defensa y Justicia

São Paulo

Al-Duhail

Individual


Kevin Keegan

Kevin Keegan (born 14 February 1951) is a former English football player. He played for the England national team in the 1970s.

500||171||50||19||36||9||44||14||720||245
90||32||8||4||colspan="2"|-||13||4||111||40
590||203||58||23||36||9||57||18||831||285

!Total||63||21

Bob Holly

Robert William "Bob" Howard (born January 29, 1963), better known by his ring names Bob Holly and Hardcore Holly, is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his 15-year job he had with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment.

While in WWF/E, Holly has held the WWF/E Hardcore Championship six times, the WWF/E Tag Team Championship three times (with the 1-2-3 Kid, Crash Holly and Cody Rhodes), and the NWA World Tag Team Championship once with Bart Gunn.


Raúl González

Raúl González Blanco (born 27 June 1977) is a retired Spanish football player.

Raúl started his career as a professional football player at Real Madrid. He has won three UEFA Champions Leagues, six Spanish leagues, four Spanish Super Cups, one UEFA Super Cup and two Intercontinental Cups. At the moment, he is the top scorer at European competitions.

550||228||37||18||132||66||719||312
550||228||37||18||132||66||719||312

!Total||102||44

Luís Figo

Luís Filipe Madeira Caeiro Figo (born 4 November 1972) is a former Portuguese football player. He had played for Portugal national team and last played for Inter Milan.

In July 2000, Figo moved from Barcelona to their rivals Real Madrid for €62 million which was a world record fee at the time. This made Barcelona fans angry and they felt that he had betrayed them. When he played his first game back at Camp Nou, Barcelona fans hung banners with words like "Judas" and "traitor", shouted insults and threw objects at him including a pig's head.

Sporting CP

Barcelona

Real Madrid

Inter Milan

Portugal U16

Portugal U20

Portugal

Individual

Orders

Rudi Völler

Rudolf "Rudi" Völler (; born 13 April 1960), nicknamed ""Tante Käthe"" ("Aunt Käthe"), is a German former professional football player and manager who serves as the sporting director for Bayer Leverkusen.

Werder Bremen 

Roma 

Marseille 

Germany 

Individual

Germany


Freddy Adu

Fredua Koranteng Adu (born June 2, 1989) is an American former professional soccer player who played as an attacking midfielder. The last club he played for was Ettan Fotboll club Österlen FF in 2021.

D.C. United

United States

Eamon Dunphy

Eamon Martin Dunphy (born 3 August 1945) is an Irish professional athlete. He is best known as a football player. He has played for Republic of Ireland national team.

Murat Yakin

Murat Yakin (; born 15 September 1974) is a former football player. He has played for Switzerland national team. He is the manager of Switzerland national football team since 2021.

216||42
32||2
26||3
274||47

!Total||49||4

Salmonella

Salmonella is a genus of bacteria. It is a major cause of illness throughout the world. The bacteria are generally passed on to humans by eating or drinking food of animal origin which has the bacteria in it, mainly meat, poultry, eggs and milk. Bacteria from the genus "Salmonella" can cause diseases, such as diarrhea, cholera and typhus. These bacteria are zoonotic, meaning they can infect both animals and humans. 

"Salmonella" is closely related to the "Escherichia" genus and are found worldwide in cold- and warm-blooded animals (including humans), and in the environment. They cause illnesses like typhoid fever, paratyphoid fever, and foodborne illness.

"Salmonella" is also extremely dangerous, and like most diseases, weaker humans like the old and young could easily die from it. "Salmonella" can only be killed in food by cooking at high temperatures. This is called denaturation.

Paul Sturrock

Paul Sturrock is a former football player. He has played for Dundee United and Scotland national team.

384||109||48||12||79||38||60||11||571||170
384||109||48||12||79||38||60||11||571||170

!Total||20||3

Avi Ran

Avi Ran () was an football player. He has played for Maccabi Haifa and Israel national team. He was killed in a boat accident in the Sea of Galilee.

145||0
145||0

!Total||9||0

Mark Viduka

Mark Antony Viduka (born 9 October 1975) is an Australian former soccer player who played as a centre forward. Viduka captained the Australia national team at the 2006 FIFA World Cup, which remains their joint-best performance to date. His four goals in the UEFA Champions League are the most scored by any Australian player. 

49||40||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||49||40
84||40||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||84||40
37||30||3||3||4||1||4||1||48||35
240||92||22||12||7||2||38||15||307||121
410||202||25||15||11||3||42||16||488||236

!Total||43||11

Baichung Bhutia

Baichung Bhutia (born 15 December 1976) is an former Indian professional footballer. He played for the India national football team.

Bhutia retired from international competition in 2011.

144||81
37||3
13||5
194||89

East Bengal

Mohun Bagan

Bengal

India

India U23

Individual

Matthew Le Tissier

Matthew Le Tissier (born 14 October 1968) is a former football player. He has played for Southampton and England national team.

Southampton

Eastleigh

Individual

Amarok (software)

Amarok is a music player for the KDE desktop environment. Unlike most KDE programs, it has its own schedule for releasing versions, so a new version of Amarok might not be released when a new version of KDE comes out. Amarok's first stable version was released in 2003. They are now on version 2.4.3.

Amarok cannot play videos. However, it can play most sound and music files in a large range of formats, like MP3, Ogg Vorbis, and WMA. Amarok also includes an internet radio tuner, and supports submitting a listener's music preferences to Last.fm. It can sync music to most MP3 players, like the iPod or ZEN.

Amarok was updated to version 2 along with the major upgrade of KDE3 to KDE4. The newer KDE4 version of Amarok is still missing some features when compared with the previous KDE3 version, but it does have some new features not included with the earlier one.

Many users of KDE3 Amarok believed it was the best software music player of any platform (Windows, Mac, Linux), and it had a great and loyal following. This loyalty has faded somewhat since the KDE4 release, though Amarok developers are still working hard to make certain the newer Amarok meets and exceeds all users' expectations.

Caesar

Caesar or Cæsar may mean:






Ignoratio elenchi

Ignoratio elenchi (also known as irrelevant conclusion or irrelevant thesis) is the informal fallacy of presenting an argument that may in itself be valid, but does not address the issue in question. "Ignoratio elenchi" can be roughly translated by "ignorance of refutation", that is, ignorance of what a refutation is; "elenchi" is from the Greek , meaning an argument of disproof or refutation. (Some sources give "by ignorance of the issues" or even "by ignoring the issues" as a translation of ignoratio elenchi.)

Aristotle believed that an ignoratio elenchi is a mistake made by a questioner while attempting to falsify a respondent's argument. He called it an ignorance of what makes for a refutation. For Aristotle, ignoratio elenchi amounts to "ignorance of logic". In fact, Aristotle goes so far as to say that all logical fallacies can be reduced to what he calls ignoratio elenchi.

Modern use limits this term much more narrowly to the kind of mistake described in the first paragraph above.

Similar to ignoratio elenchi, a "red herring" is an argument, given in reply, that does not address the original issue. Critically, a red herring is a "deliberate" attempt to change the subject or divert the argument. The actual problem is eclipsed by the process of re-focusing on something else.


Maher: It's arbitrary, isn't it? If you had been born in Pakistan, you wouldn't be believing in Jesus Christ. You would have been told another fairy tale and you would have been believing that.

Scarborough: Well, Bill, that's your opinion.

"Whether Maher's argument is his opinion or not is irrelevant and does not address the argument made."

"The conclusion is ignoratio elenchi, since friendliness and charity are not the main qualifications for induction into the Hall of Fame."

"The existence of worse criminals is a secondary issue which has no bearing on whether the driver deserves a fine for recklessness. If the speaker were deliberately attempting to divert the issue, this would be an example of a red herring. While the argument about how the police should spend their time may have merit, the question of whom the police should prioritize pursuing and the question of what should be done with those the police have caught are separate questions."

"A red herring, the unrelated alleged affair, attempts to change the subject away from the popular policies. However, if the original discussion were of the prime minister's public integrity (encompassing both popularity and conduct), this argument could be perfectly valid. Such as if a politician's election campaign revolved around family values. Then an argument about such an affair would be valid, as it is in direct conflict with a family values platform."


Informal fallacy

An informal fallacy is an logical argument whose premises fail to support their conclusion. Informal fallacies often come from errors in reasoning.

In contrast to a formal fallacy, the error has to do with issues of inference. Because language is used to state the propositions, natural language allows one to say more than formal logic can represent. All informal fallacies of deductive reasoning contain a disconnect between the premises and the conclusion. This makes the argument invalid. The disconnect happens because there is a hidden co-premise. If this co-premise were "stated", it would make the argument valid.

Inductive "informal" fallacies are rather different from their deductive counterparts. Their merit rests in the inductive strength of the premiseconclusion link, not the presence of hidden premises. For instance, the fallacy of hasty generalization, can be roughly stated as:
If the populations of "P" and "Q" are both too large to sample completely, then the statement is inductive. In such a case, a hasty generalization occurs when the number of "P"s and "Q"s does not represent the respective populations. It is important to distinguish between a principle of reasoning (deductive or inductive) and the premise of an argument.

Some informal fallacies are fallacies of ambiguity. For example:

Equivocations are more difficult to detect in cases where the two meanings are closely related to each other.


Great Western Railway

The Great Western Railway (GWR) was a railway company in the United Kingdom, that was started in 1833. It was engineered by Isambard Kingdom Brunel.

The railway company also ran bus services and owned ships and hotels. In 1948, the government took control of the company and Great Western Railway then was renamed the Western Region of British Railways.

The first railway line built by the Great Western Railway opened in 1838. It started in London and ended in Maidenhead which was west. By 1841, the area of service had been made much longer and so their trains went farther west to the towns of Reading, Swindon, Bath and Bristol. By 1852, the railway line had become long and went to Penzance. Penzance railway station is both the farthest south and farthest west in Great Britain. 

In 1923, the GWR took over several smaller railways (most of them in Wales) and became one of the Big Four British railway companies. In 1948, Britain's railways were nationalized and the GWR became the Western Region of British Railways.


Stimulant

A stimulant is any of a group of drugs that can increase alertness and awareness, usually for a short time only. Most stimulants have more side-effects than other drugs. Some are classified as illegal drugs, most can cause addiction. For this reason, most legal stimulants are only available on prescription. Stimulants act on the nerves: Stimulants cause more neurotransmitters to the synapse (this is the gap between different nerves)

Most stimulants fall into one of the following groups:

Some of the substances mentioned above can be used to treat certain diseases. Some are mostly used as illegal drugs.

Benzylpiperazine

Benzylpiperazine, commonly referred to as BZP is an recreational drug. It is also available with trade names such as "A2", "Frenzy" and "Nemesis", It is a stimulant and may cause Euphoria. People believe it works in a way similar to MDMA. The effects produced by BZP are comparable to those produced by amphetamine. Side-effects include acute psychosis, problems with the kidneys
Adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis and seizures. It does not appear to be very addictive and no deaths have been reported following taking BZP once. There have been at least two deaths which resulted from the combination of BZP and MDMA. Its sale is banned in a few countries, including the United States, Australia, New Zealand and in parts of Europe. However, its legal status is currently less restrictive in some other countries such as Ireland and Canada. The European Union is currently changing its laws to regulate this substance more.

Turkish new lira

The Turkish new lira () is the currency of Turkey and the unrecognised Turkish Northern Republic of Cyprus. The new lira is subdivided into 100 new kurush (yeni kuruş), the equivalent of American Cents or British Pennies. The symbol for the currency is YTL.

In the last few years the Turkish lira stabilised and even rose against the U.S. Dollars and the Euro.

In late December 2003, the Grand National Assembly of Turkey passed a law that allowed for the removal of six zeroes from the currency, and the creation of the new lira. It was introduced on 1 January 2005, replacing the previous lira (which remained valid in circulation until the end of 2005) at a rate of 1 new lira = 1,000,000 old lira.

The official name of the currency is "New Turkish Lira". According to the Central Bank, the word "new" (yeni) is only a "temporary" measure. The "new" was be removed on January 1, 2009. The banknotes have "different shapes and sizes to prevent forgery".

Oedipus

Oedipus is a mythical or fictional king in Greek mythology. He is adopted as a baby. Without knowing who they are, he marries his biological mother, Then they have a baby, But before this, he kills his biological father. The psychologist Sigmund Freud had a theory and he called it the Oedipus complex, after this story.

"Oedipus Tyranos", or Oedipus the King, is a well-known tragedy by Sophocles.

Oedipus has 4 children, Antigone, Polynices, Ismene and Eteocles. All of these are by his mother Jocasta. Later, they find out they are related to each other. Jocasta hangs herself and Oedipus rips out his eyes in disgust.

Gundam

Gundam is the collective name for all the different Japanese anime series about giant fighting robots called "Mobile Suits". There are many series, movies, comic books and video games based on the Gundam franchise. Gundam started what is called the Real Robot genre of anime, where the robots are more like machines than in Super Robot anime.

Self-injury

Self-injury (SI) or self-harm (SH) occurs when a person hurts their body on purpose. This kind of harm is not suicidal behavior. Many self-harmers hurt themselves because they feel it is the only way to stay alive. However, in some cases the self-harm becomes so bad it can lead to death, and those who self-harm are more likely to commit suicide than those who do not.

There are many different reasons why a person may hurt themselves, though it is often hard to find an exact cause. Sometimes, the self-harm helps relieve unbearable emotions, or feelings of unreality or numbness. Self-harm is often a symptom of other problems. These problems may include physical abuse, sexual abuse, or eating disorders. Self-harm may also stem from mental problems such as low self esteem or perfectionism.

Studying the causes of self-injury can be difficult or inaccurate, because many self-harmers try to hide their injuries.

Self-injury is a general term that includes many different types of deliberate harm to the body. There are many things that can be considered self-harm. If someone works their body too hard, for example, this can be seen as a mild form of self-injury. In other mild cases, a self-harmer may purposely pick off scabs to keep cuts or scratches from healing. Compulsive hair-pulling (trichotillomania) and compulsive skin-picking (dermotillomania) are impulse control disorders which are also mild forms of self-harm. 

In more severe cases, a self-harmer could break or sprain a bone, or lose a dangerous amount of blood. Biting, burning, and cutting are other forms of self-injury. Overdosing on medication is another common type of self-harm.

Self-harm may get worse the longer a person has been doing it. This is because a person's body builds up tolerance to (gets used to) the pain from their injuries. Because of this, they have to hurt themselves more to get the same effect. In some cases, this can lead to fatal or near-fatal injuries.

A person may go through voluntary pain for other reasons that are usually not considered self-injury. A self-inflicted wound is when someone injures themselves to avoid something, not because of psychological problems. Some people give themselves a self-inflicted wound during wartime so that they do not have to serve in the military.

Some people go through pain to change the way they look, such as in ear piercing. This is called body modification. Body modification is not a form of self-injury. 

Scarification is a type of body modification where someone cuts or burns their skin for decoration. This can include branding, which is common in some fraternities. It can also include cutting the skin repeatedly in a pattern or design. This will create very large scars. Some African tribes use scarification as a symbol of beauty and strength.

Experts estimate that about 1% of the population has self-harmed. While people of all ages and ethnic groups have self-harmed, some groups are more likely to self-harm than others. Age, gender, and race can be factors in the risk of self-injury. Some evidence suggests that self-injury is also more common in people who have a family history of suicide or self-injury.

In general, more young people are treated for self-injury than any other age group. According to one Australian study 30% of teenagers say they have self-injured. It is more widespread among those with mental illness. One in four (25%) of teenagers with mental illnesses have self-harmed. Self-harm in females is most common between the ages of 15-24. Males are most likely to self-harm through the ages 25-34.

Recent research focusing on young people suggests that 10 percent of 15 to 16 year olds have self-harmed. In this case, the self-harm was usually done by cutting.

A study in Oxford in the year 2000 found that approximately 300 per 100,000 (0.3%) of males aged between 15 and 24 years, and 700 per 100,000 (0.7%) of females of the same age, were admitted into a hospital after self-harming. Based on statistics like these, most agree that young white females are most likely to self-injure. Possibly because of this, it is usually believed that women have higher rates of self-harm than men. However, this may not be true because women are more likely to get help for their self-injury. Males may have the same or similar rates of self-injury as women. Some findings have even suggested that in the mid-30s age range, more men are treated for self-harm than women.

Minority groups who face discrimination are also more likely to self-injure. If someone is bullied because they are different (for example, because of their race, ethnicity or sexual orientation), this can lead to low self-esteem and a feeling of helplessness over emotions. This can lead some people to self-harm.

Studies have show that those who have been abused are more likely to self-injure. Sexual abuse, physical abuse, and emotional abuse can cause low self-esteem, especially in children. It can also cause other emotional problems. Some people may turn to self-harm to relieve these emotions. Low self-esteem in victims of abuse may lead them to believe that the abuse was their fault. They may turn to self-injury because of this.

Unstable living conditions such as unemployment or divorce may also make a person more likely to self-harm.

Prisoners are also more likely to self-harm. This may be because of the ongoing trauma that happens in prisons, including sexual and physical violence and intimidation. In an environment such as prison, where options for inmates are limited, prisoners may turn to self-injury. In England and Wales, a report from The Howard League says that over 22,000 prisoners harmed themselves in 2007.

Those with learning and developmental disabilities such as autism are more likely to self-harm. The cause of this is unclear. Some case studies have shown that it may be a form of self-stimulation. It may be that autistic children who self-harm are trying to express frustration that they cannot explain with words. Autistic children who self-harm may do so by head-banging or biting.

Self-harm is an addictive behaviour. Once someone starts self-injury, it is difficult for them to stop, even if they want to. This makes professional help and treatment an important part of recovery from self-injury.

The type of treatment that is most effective is different from person to person. There are many different types of therapy that have been used to help people that self-harm.

Cognitive-behavioural therapy may help a person understand why they self-harm. Cognitive-behavioural therapy is used to help patients understand the reasons for their problem. This is so that the patient may learn what is causing their self-harm, and learn how to deal with these problems in a way other than self-harm.

Therapies used for post-traumatic stress disorder may also help. This is because many people who self-harm have been victims of abuse. Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing therapy (EMDR) is an example of this.

Drugs may also be used to help treat self-injury. It is thought that self-injury can release chemical endorphins into the brain. Over time, these chemicals can become addictive. There are some drugs that can help with this addiction, but they have not been proven to help people who self-injure. Naltrexone and naloxone are two drugs being researched for this kind of treatment. Research involving endorphins has been mostly done with animals. It is unclear if their brain chemistry changes the outcome of the research.



Guildford

Guildford is the county town of Surrey, in England. It is also the seat for the borough of Guildford.


Socratic method

The Socratic Method (or Method of Elenchus or Socratic Debate), is named after the Greek philosopher Socrates. It is a form of philosophical questioning.

The central technique of the Socratic method is called an elenchus. It means argument to disprove or refute (prove wrong).

Our knowledge of Socrates comes mainly from Plato, who was one of his students. No writing by Socrates survives. 

Socrates was famous for not answering questions in a direct manner. "I know that I know nothing", he said. Socrates's opinion (at least in Plato's dialogues) was that the other person already knew the answer to a question and that Socrates only drew out what was already in the other's mind. 

In Plato's early dialogues, the "elenchus" is the technique Socrates uses to learn about ethical concepts, such as justice or virtue. According to one scholar, it has the following steps:


The exact nature of the elenchus is subject to a great deal of debate. In particular, whether it is a positive method leading to knowledge, or a negative method used solely to refute false claims to knowledge.

According to W.K.C. Guthrie, the Socratic method was intended to demonstrate one's ignorance. Socrates, unlike the Sophists, did believe that knowledge was possible, but believed that the first step to knowledge was recognition of one's ignorance. Guthrie writes, "[Socrates] was accustomed to say that he did not himself know anything, and that the only way in which he was wiser than other men was that he was conscious of his own ignorance, while they were not. The essence of the Socratic method is to convince the interlocutor that whereas he thought he knew something, in fact he does not".

Bill Maher

William "Bill" Maher, Jr., (; born January 20 1956) is an American stand-up comedian, television host, political commentator, actor, and author. He hosted the late-night television talk show "Politically Incorrect" on Comedy Central and ABC, and is currently the host of "Real Time with Bill Maher" on HBO. The show has been nominated for more than ten Emmy Awards. On June 1, 2006, he also began hosting an Internet-exclusive talk show on Amazon.com entitled "Amazon Fishbowl".

In 2013 Maher became the producer of a HBO TV series called "Vice".

Mahrer is a supporter of the pro-animal welfare group, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. He has said that marijuana should be legal. He feels that more problems are caused by it being illegal than would be caused if it were legal.

Maher has disagreed with many religious beliefs. He says that they can create problems for society. He was the host of the documentary, "Religulous" that dealt with religion and how it affects society in the United States. Maher is also the creator of the website Disbeliefnet. He has said that morality and religion are not the same thing and that religion is used as a reason to oppose gay rights.

Friedrich Hund

Friedrich Hund (4 February 1896 31 March 1997) was a German physicist from Karlsruhe known for his work on atoms and molecules. He worked at the Universities of Rostock, Leipzig, Jena, Frankfurt am Main, Göttingen and was a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science.

He had published more than 250 papers and essays and made contributions to quantum theory about the structure of the atom and the structure of molecular spectra. The Hund's rule was named after him and in 1926 he discovered the later so-called tunneling effect.

Hund worked with well known physicists as Schrödinger, Dirac, Heisenberg, Max Born, and Walter Bothe. At that time, he was Born's assistant, working with quantum mechanics.

After his studies of mathematics, physics, and geography in Marburg and Göttingen, he worked as a private lecturer in theoretical physics at Göttingen in 1925, professor at Rostock in 1927, Leipzig in 1929, Jena in 1946, Frankfurt/Main in 1951 and from 1957 again in Göttingen. Additionally he stayed in Copenhagen (1926) with Niels Bohr and lectured on the atom at Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1928.

On the occasion of his 100th birthday, the book: Friedrich Hund: Geschichte der physikalischen Begriffe [history of physics terms] (Heidelberg, Berlin, Oxford), Spektrum, Akademie Verlag 1996, was published. A review was also written by Werner Kutzelnigg.

Friedrich Hund became an honorary citizen of Jena, and a street in Jena was named after him. Since June 2004, a part of the new building of the Physics Department was given the Friedrich-Hund-Platz 1 address. The same name was chosen for the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Göttingen.

The Hund's cases, which are particular regimes in molecular angular momentum coupling, and the Hund's rules, which govern electron configurations, are important in spectroscopy and quantum chemistry. In chemistry, the first of Hund's rules is especially important and is often referred to as simply Hund's rule.


Ubuntu Live USB creator

Ubuntu Live USB Creator is an official tool to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from an iso image. The tool is already included in the repositories of Ubuntu 8.10.




Shigella

Shigella is a genus of bacterium. It belongs to a small group of pathogens (including "E. coli" and "Salmonella") that can infect the gut after the ingestion of relatively few organisms. The bacteria can cause sudden and severe diarrhea in humans.

Puppet

Puppets are objects used in theatrical performances. They are similar to dolls. They often use strings or other means to make the puppet move and look alive. Some puppets are very simple, but others are more complicated and need skill to use. The person who works the puppet and makes it move is called a puppeteer. The audience cannot usually see this person but some, like a ventriloquist and dummy, are in full view of the audience. There are many different types of puppets to be found around the world. Puppetry is a special art form that is very important in some cultures.

Finger Puppet: A very simple type of puppet where the puppet is placed on a finger and worked by moving the finger. 

Sock puppet: A sock or similar garment worn as a glove, with the thumb acting as a jaw. 

Hand Puppet: Similar to a finger puppet, but larger. The puppeteer uses his or her fingers and hand to work the puppet. Punch and Judy are famous glove puppets.

Pop-up puppets: A cone with a rod through and a puppet inside. When the rod is pushed up, the puppet appears.

Paddle Puppet: The puppet is on the end of a paddle. When the puppeteer steps on the paddles back end the other end lifts up, making it seem that the puppet moves by itself.

Jumping Jack: A puppet where the arms and legs of the puppet are joined to a string. When the string is pulled down, the arms and legs go up.

Rod Puppet and Bunraku: The puppet is worked with rods joined to the puppets arms and legs, while another puppeteer moves the head and sometimes the mouth. Bunraku is a special type of Japanese rod puppetry.

Shadow Puppet: Another very simple puppet. A cut out figure on a rod is held in front of a light. Its shadow is projected onto a screen. The puppeteer moves the puppet around, giving it some life. Sometimes coloured paper is used to give a certain amount of colour to the puppet.

Marionette or String Puppet: This puppet is moved around with strings that hang from above the theatre. This is one of the more complex types of puppetry and is hard to master as some marionettes can have up to thirty strings.

Ventriloquist Figure or Dummy: This puppet is one of the few where the audience sees the puppeteer. The puppeteer moves the puppets head arms and mouth with his hands as well as with levers. The performance usually takes the shape of a conversation between the dummy and the puppeteer. The puppeteer speaks normally, then puts on a different voice when the puppet is supposed to be talking. His voice seems to be coming from his stomach (Latin: "venter"). His lips are not moving, but the puppet's lips may move, so it seems as if the puppet is talking.

Ticklebug: A type of Hand Puppet; a person uses their fingers as body parts to look like their hand is an animal. The center finger becomes the animal's head, the first and third fingers become the front legs, and the thumb and last finger are used as back legs.

Paranthropus

Paranthropus is an extinct genus of robust australopithecines. They probably descended from the genus "Australopithecus".

All species of "Paranthropus" were bipedal, and many lived during a time when species of the genus "Homo", such as "Homo ergaster" and "Homo erectus", were living.

"Paranthropus" first appeared roughly 2.7 million years ago. Most species of "Paranthropus" had a brain about 40 percent of the size of modern man. There was some size variation between the different species of "Paranthropus", but most stood roughly 1.3-1.4 m (4.26 to 4.59 feet) tall and were quite well muscled. "Paranthropus" is thought to have lived in wooded areas rather than the grasslands of the "Australopithecus".

"Australopithecus" and "Paranthropus" also looked very different from each other. These differences were only found in remains of the skull. The other parts of the skeleton were still very similar, so it is reasonable to think the difference was an adaptation to different food. "Paranthropus" was more massively built as to skull and teeth. It often had gorilla-like sagittal crests on the cranium which anchored massive temporalis muscles for chewing.

"Paranthropus" did not behave in the same way as "Homo". They lived on a diet of heavy-duty plant material: leaves, slim branches, grass, roots. The diet might be supplemented with insect grubs. Lacking our flexible behaviour, "Paranthropus" relied on the steady environmental conditions of the tropical forest. Members of the genus "Homo", such as "Homo habilis", had proportionately larger brains and more flexible behaviour. They were able to eat a much wider variety of foods.

Opinions differ whether the species "P. aethiopicus, P. boisei" and "P. robustus" should be included within the genus "Australopithecus". On Wikipedia, the genus "Paranthropus" is used for all articles which mention the species "P. aethiopicus, P. boisei" and "P. robustus".

For the most part the "Australopithecus" species "A. afarensis", "A. africanus", and "A. anamensis" either disappeared from the fossil record before the appearance of early humans or seem to have been the ancestors of "Homo habilis". "P. boisei" and "P. aethiopicus", on the other hand, continued to evolve along a separate path distinct and unrelated to early humans. "Paranthropus" shared the earth with some early examples of the "Homo" genus, such as "H. habilis", "H. ergaster", and possibly even "H. erectus".

Species of "Paranthropus" had smaller braincases than "Homo", yet they had significantly larger braincases than "Australopithecus". Paranthropus is associated with stone tools both in southern and eastern Africa, although there is considerable debate whether they were made and utilized by these robust australopithecines. Most believe that early "Homo" was the tool maker. Most "Paranthropus" species almost certainly did not have language or to have controlled fire, although they are directly associated with the latter at Swartkrans, South Africa.

A partial cranium and mandible of "Paranthropus robustus" was discovered in 1938 by a schoolboy, 70 km south west of Pretoria in South Africa. It was described as a new genus and species by Robert Broom of the Transvaal Museum. A date of at least 1.95 million years has been obtained for the site.

"Paranthropus boisei" was discovered by Mary Leakey in July 1959 at the site of Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania. Mary was working alone, as Louis was ill in camp. She rushed back to camp and at the news Louis made a remarkable recovery.

In his notes Louis recorded a first name, "Titanohomo mirabilis", reflecting an initial impression of close human affinity. Louis and Mary began to call it "Dear Boy". Recovery was halted on August 7. Dear Boy was in context with Oldowan tools and animal bones.

The fossil was published in "Nature" on 15 August 1959, but due to a strike of the printers the issue was not released until September. In it Louis placed the fossil in Broom's Australopithecinae family, creating a new genus for it, "Zinjanthropus", species "boisei". "Zinj" is an ancient Arabic word for the coast of East Africa and "boisei" referred to Charles Boise, an anthropological benefactor of the Leakeys. Louis based his classification on twenty differences from Australopithecus.

Broom had died in 1951 but Dart was still living. He is said to have wept for joy on Louis' behalf on being personally shown Zinj, which Louis and Mary carried around in a tin (later a box). Louis had considered Broom's "Paranthropus" genus, but rejected it because he believed Zinj was in the "Homo" ancestral stock but Paranthropus was not. He relied heavily on the larger size of Zinj's canines.

The battle of the name raged on for many years and drove a wedge between Louis and LeGros Clark, who took the "Paranthropus" view. On the other hand it brought the Leakeys and Dr. Melville Bell Grosvenor of the National Geographic Society together. The Leakeys became international figures and had no trouble finding funds from then on. The Zinj question ultimately became part of the "Australopithecus"/"Paranthropus" question (which only applied to the robust Australopithecines).


Lake Toba

Lake Toba is a lake in the caldera of a supervolcano. The lake is long and wide, and at its deepest point.

It is in the middle of the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra with an elevation of about . The lake stretches from to . It is the largest lake in Indonesia and the largest volcanic lake in the world.


Fatimah Jinnah Park

Fatima Jinnah Park, sometimes known as F-9 park (pointing out the fact that the covered area is spread out through the entire sector), is a public recreational park in sector F-9 of Islamabad, Pakistan. The park is one of the largest in area in South-central Asia. It was named after the revered ""Madre Millat"" (Mother of the Nation) Miss Fatima Jinnah- younger sister of the founder of Pakistan.

Hazratbal Shrine

The Hazratbal Shrine (Kashmiri: حضرت بل, literally: Majestic Place), is a Muslim shrine in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir.The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat, meaning holy or majestic, and the Kashmiri word bal, meaning place.

The shrine is on the left bank of the Dal Lake, Srinagar and is considered to be Kashmir's holiest Muslim shrine. The Moi-e-Muqqadas (the sacred hair) of Mohammed is believed to be preserved here. The shrine is known by many names including Hazratbal, Assar-e-Sharief, Madinat-us-Sani, or simply Dargah Sharif.

Jama Masjid, Srinagar

The Jamia Masjid is a mosque in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir. The Jamia Masjid of Srinagar is at Nowhatta, in the middle of the old city. It was built by Sultan Sikander Shah in 1394 AD. Later, the son of Sultan Sikandar, Zain-ul-Abedin had the mosque extended. The measurement of the mosque is 381 feet by 384 feet. It has unique architecture, a courtyard, and 378 wooden Deodar pillars supporting a wooden ceiling with 346 pillars of 21 feet in height and 5 feet in girth, and 32 pillars 48 feet in height and 6 feet in girth. The masjid has a fountain also measurement of 33 feet by 34 feet which is also used for wuzu (ablution). Thousands of Muslims assemble at the mosque every Friday to offer their prayers. This Jamia Masjid of Kashmir, has seen a number of destructions till date. It got ruined three times in a fire and was reconstructed every time. During the region of Sikh ruler Ranjit Singh, the Jamia Masjid of Srinagar was shut down and the namaz ("Islamic prayers") and azan ("Islamic call to prayer") were banned.

Dachigam National Park

Dachigam National Park is a national park in India. It is from Srinagar, the capital city of Jammu and Kashmir. The park covers an area of . The name of the park means "ten villages".
The park has been a protected area since 1910. It was first created to ensure a supply of clean drinking water for the city of Srinagar. It was declared a National Park in 1981.

Hemis National Park

Hemis National Park (or Hemis High Altitude National Park) is a high altitude National Park in the Eastern Ladakh area of the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India. It is the only national park in India north of the Himalayas.

The park is home to about 200 snow leopards. Hemis is the only refuge in India with the Shapu. The Tibetan Wolf,the Eurasian Brown Bear, and the Red Fox are also in Hemis.

Kishtwar National Park

Kishtwar National Park is a national park in the Doda District of Jammu and Kashmir, Northern Pakistan.

Salim Ali National Park

Salim Ali National Park (formerly the City Forest National Park) is a national park in Jammu and Kashmir in Asia. It covers 9.07 km² and is located in the proximity of the capital city of Srinagar. The Srinagar airport is 12 km from the park.

Ulysses (spacecraft)

Ulysses was a spacecraft (or space probe). It was a joint mission by NASA and ESA. The spacecraft was launched on October 6, 1990. Its main aims were to study the Sun and the planet Jupiter.

Dual-tone multi-frequency

Dual-tone multi-frequency or DTMF is the group of special sounds a telephone makes when you push the buttons. Each number button makes a different sound. Telephone company equipment hears each sound and turns it back into a number. When all the numbers in a phone number are pushed the telephone company equipment will make the other person's telephone play a loud sound so they can answer their telephone and talk to you. 

Telephones also have a star (*) button and a pound (#) button. These buttons also make different DTMF sounds. These buttons can be used for other things like 'go' or 'do over'. But they are not part of the phone number.

A few telephones have the letter buttons "A" "B" "C" and "D". They also make different DTMF sounds. 

Pushing the number buttons is called "dialing" the telephone. When a telephone makes a loud sound for you to answer, it is called "ringing".

Equilibrioception

Equilibrioception is the sense of balance. This is what prevents a person or animal from falling over while walking or doing other physical activity.

In humans, equilibrioception is mainly sensed by the detection of acceleration, which occurs in the vestibular system. Other senses play roles as well, e.g. the visual system and proprioception. The importance of visual input for balance is illustrated by its being harder to stand on one foot with eyes closed than with eyes open.

The sense of balance often gets worse as a person ages. After a stroke, it may be improved with the help of special training.


Violence in ice hockey

Violence is often common in the sport of Ice Hockey. Originally a sport played by richer people, when the sport became popular it got more violent. Up until the 1950s deaths were not uncommon in Ice Hockey. 

Gerard K. O'Neill

Gerard Kitchen “Gerry” O’Neill (February 6, 1927–April 27, 1992) was an American scientist. He taught physics at Princeton University. He invented a machine for holding subatomic particles. He also invented the mass driver, a machine used to launch things into outer space. He wrote about building cities in space.
His space station design is known as the "O’Neill cylinder". He started the Space Studies Institute (SSI). SSI is a group focused on learning about space manufacturing and colonization.

In 1954 O'Neill finished school at Cornell University. Then he began his work on particle physics at Princeton.
Two years later he wrote about a device to hold very fast moving subatomic particles. In 1965 he used his device to shoot two beams of particles at each other for the first time. This experiment was done at Stanford University. Scientists used the experiment to discover the size of the electron.

While he was teaching, O’Neill became excited about humans living in outer space. He wrote about the O’Neill cylinder in “The Colonization of Space”. This was his first paper about people living in space. He met with other scientists at Princeton in 1975. There he talked with them about manufacturing in outer space. O’Neill built his first mass driver with help from scientist Henry Kolm in 1976. Mass drivers were part of his plan to mine the Moon and asteroids. His book "" won an award and got people excited about outer space. He died in 1992 after a seven year fight against leukemia.


Rosary

The Rosary is a Catholic form of prayer using beads. It is a cycle of repeated formal prayers, such as the Lord's Prayer and the Hail Mary, done while thinking about important events in the lives of Jesus and Mary. This is called "saying the Rosary" or "praying the Rosary." A rosary can also be the series of joined beads that a person holds while saying these prayers.

The Church has always recognized the efficacy of this devotion John Paul II said “Through the Rosary the faithful receive abundant grace, as by the hands of the Mother of the Redeemer. 

Prayer is for every person to obtain graces and consolations for oneself or for others, for the diffusion of good actions in the world, for the solution of international conflicts, for conversion and spiritual growth. Prayer, in the room of your home or into the church, at any time of the day, is a moment of peace and serenity that distracts from the worries of the day and it is a moment of communication with Divine Mercy through the most beautiful prayers. The graces result from the experience not only of saints and religious but also of ordinary people who have left public witness of the graces received requested to the Virgin Mary.

A person who says a Rosary usually thinks about certain events from the Bible. Each day has a traditional list of these events, called "Mysteries of the Rosary." Praying the Rosary on certain times or under certain conditions can get the person praying an indulgence: a set amount of time off purgatory by setting aside time for sins performed on Earth.


Kazakh language

Kazakh is a Turkic language that is mostly spoken in Kazakhstan, a country in Central Asia. It, along with Russian, is one of Kazakhstan's official languages.

The Kazakh language had been written in the Cyrillic alphabet since the Russian Empire started to occupy that country in the 19th century. In 1917, people began to use the Arabic alphabet, but the Russians were not able to make them use Cyrillic.

The Kazakhs used the Arabic script to write their language until approximately 1929. In the early 1900s, Kazakh activist Ahmed Baytursinuli reformed the Kazakh-Arabic alphabet, but his work was largely overshadowed by the Soviet presence in Central Asia. At that point, the new Soviet regime forced the Kazakhs to use a Latin script, and then a Cyrillic script in the 1940s in an effort to thoroughly Russify them. Today, Kazakhs use the Arabic, Latin, and Cyrillic scripts to write their language.

Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, the newly-independent Republic of Kazakhstan allowed the old Latin alphabet to be used, but continued to use Cyrillic as the main alphabet. In 2006, president Nursultan Nazarbayev started a project to introduce a standard form of the Latin alphabet as the official script of his country. A version of the new Latin alphabet, which used apostrophes for certain sounds, was created in April 2017, but was replaced with another one in February 2018 which instead uses diacritics on certain letters. The latest version, proposed in 2021, has been in official use and will be taught in elementary schools starting 2023. If all goes as planned, the Cyrillic alphabet will be fully replaced with Latin by 2025.

The last proposed Kazakh Latin alphabet was shown in 2019:


Gilgamesh

Gilgamesh was the semi-mythical fifth king of Uruk, an ancient city-state of Sumer. His supposed historical reign is believed to have been 27th to 25th centuries BC, around 2 to 4 centuries before he appears as a protagonist in the Sumerian epic named "Epic of Gilgamesh". Gilgamesh's father was named Lugalbanda, who was said to be the third king of Uruk.

Gilgamesh appears as the protagonist (main character) in the Sumerian epic named "Epic of Gilgamesh".

Spring green

Spring green is a color that is the color on the color wheel that is precisely halfway between cyan and green.

It is one of the official web colors. 

The first recorded use of "spring green" as a color name in English was in 1766, referring to roughly the color we now call "spring bud". 



Dunfermline Athletic F.C.

Dunfermline Athletic Football Club are a Scottish football team based in Dunfermline, Fife, commonly known as just Dunfermline. They play at East End Park and are nicknamed "The Pars".

They are currently managed by Allan Johnston who was given the job on a permanent basis in May 2015.

Greenock Morton F.C.

Greenock Morton Football Club are a football team, who currently play in the cinch sponsored Scottish Championship. The club was founded as Morton Football Club in 1874, making it one of the oldest senior Scottish clubs.

Greenock Morton are popularly known as "The Pride of the Clyde" - a tradition which pre-dates the club's renaming in 1994 to celebrate the links with its home town of Greenock. The club has a traditional local rivalry with St Mirren F.C.


Livingston F.C.

Livingston Football Club is a Scottish football team based in Livingston, West Lothian. They currently play in the Scottish Premiership.




"As of August 26, 2008"

Queen of the South F.C.

Queen of the South Football Club is a Scottish professional football club founded in 1919. It is in Dumfries in southwest Scotland. They currently play in the Scottish First Division.

Officially nicknamed "The Doonhamers", but usually referred to as "Queens" and sometimes as "QoS" (as also listed on the club badge), they have played their entire existence based at Palmerston Park on Terregles Street. 

The club has won national honours, namely the 1950-51 B Division, the 2001-02 Scottish Second Division and the 2002-03 Scottish Challenge Cup. While Queens topped Scotland's top division until Christmas in season 1953-54 their highest-ever finish in the Scottish top flight was fourth in 1933-34. Their longest cup run was in the 2007-08 Scottish Cup, in which they reached the final and finished runners up.

The club is currently managed by Gordon Chisholm.

Ross County F.C.

Ross County F.C. are a Scottish professional football team who currently play in the Scottish Football League. They play their home matches at Victoria Park in the Highland town of Dingwall, Ross and Cromarty. 

Their manager, until October 2005, was former Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Heart of Midlothian manager John Robertson. He left the club on the 24 October 2005, due to differences of opinion on a number of fundamental issues with the chairman. Gardner Spiers, a former Aberdeen coach, was appointed caretaker manager, but he too left in April 2006 after being told he would not be considered for appointment on a permanent basis. Director of Football George Adams took temporary charge before former Motherwell player Scott Leitch was appointed on 18 April 2006. Leitch, after winning the Challenge Cup but suffering relegation, stood down at the end of the 2006-2007 season, almost exactly one year after his appointment. Former Partick Thistle manager Dick Campbell was announced as his replacement in May 2007. However, after a good run of results to start their Division 2 campaign, Campbell and the Ross County board decided to part company on 2 October 2007. Derek Adams (son of George Adams) took over as caretaker, and was confirmed as permanent manager a month later, after the side's good form continued.

Irn-Bru

Irn-Bru is a carbonated drink made by Barrs in Scotland, United Kingdom. It was invented in Glasgow in 1901. It is a bright orange colour, and is nicknamed ""Scotland's other national drink"" – a reference to whisky.

The recipe remains a secret today, with competing drinks trying to make their own copy of Irn-Bru, with little success.

One notable advertising slogan was ""Made in Scotland from Girders"". Although not made from girders, Irn-Bru does actually contain iron: it has an ammonium ferric citrate content of 0.002%.

In 1999, Irn Bru was included in the book "Oxford Companion to Food" along with caviar, quail and smoked salmon as one of the world's great foods. The drink's inclusion was because it is "important for its symbolic value as well as its refreshing qualities".

Irn-Bru is a sponsor of the Scottish Football League. It currently sponsors the Scottish First Division, Scottish Second Division and the Scottish Third Division.

Scottish Football League First Division

The Irn-Bru Scottish Football League First Division (or Scottish First Division) is a professional football competition in Scotland. It is found on the second level of the Scottish football system, below the Scottish Premier League. It is the top level of the Scottish Football League.

The club who wins the Scottish First Division is promoted to the Scottish Premier League (SPL), if they meet stadium criteria. They must have at least 6,000 seats in their stadium. The team who finishes last in the SPL is relegated to the Scottish First Division.

The bottom club in the First Division is relegated to the Second Division. While the second bottom club goes to a play-off with the second, third and fourth placed clubs from the Second Division.

The teams play each other four times with three points for a victory and one point each for a drawn game.

On July 20, 2007, it was announced that the Scottish Football League would be sponsored by Scottish soft drink company Irn-Bru for the next three seasons.

The following is a list of the managers for the 2011–12 season in the Scottish First Division.


Rain gauge

A rain gauge is an instrument used by meteorologists and hydrologists to measure liquid precipitation (rain) in a certain amount of time. It is usually measured in millimetres and inches. Rain gauge is a meteorological instrument for determining the depth of precipitation (usually in mm) that occurs over a unit area (usually one metre square) and thus measuring rainfall amount. One millimetre of measured precipitation is the equivalent to one litre of rainfall per metre square. 

Usually a tapering funnel of [mercury] or polyester of standard dimension allows the rain water to collect in an enclosed bottle or cylinder for subsequent measurement. The gauge is set in open ground with the funnel rim up to 30 cm above the ground surface. Some gauges are calibrated to allow the amount of rainfall to be read directly; with others it must be calculated from the depth of water in the container and the dimensions of the funnel.

The second type of rain gauge is the autographic gauge which can be either of the tilting type or the tipping type. The recording chart on an autographic rain gauge is mounted on a drum which is driven by clockwork and typically rotates round a vertical axis once per day. For a tilting-siphon rain gauge, the rainwater in a collector displaces a float so that a marking pen attached to the float makes a continuous trace on the paper. The two buckets in a tipping-bucket rain gauge rest on a pivot so that when one bucket has received 0.2 (or 0.5 mm) of rain it tips by gravity, empties the rainwater and allows the other bucket to start collection. During the tip, an electrical switch is closed and triggers a nearby autographic recorder to register each 'tilt', thus giving a fairly continuous record of precipitation and, in a more sophisticated form, even rainfall intensity. Rain gauges must be sited in as representative a location as possible, but the choice of location is difficult, since many precipitation events are highly aggregate. King Sejong the Great was the man who introduced rain gauge to the world. There are advantages and disadvantages of this instrument.

Zürich S-Bahn

Zürich S-Bahn (German "S-Bahn Zürich") is a suburban rail system that links Zürich to its metropolitan area. The system started in 1990, when it was the first suburban rail system to begin operating in Switzerland.

Mid 2008, there were 380 kilometres of railway track, 171 stations and 28 lines. In 2007, about 355’653 passengers used the system every day.

Each line generally has two trains an hour. 
Since 2002, there are also 7 lines that run at night during weekends, in the nights Friday-Saturday, and Saturday-Sunday. Usually, there is one train per hour. Some lines only have one train every two hours. There are also some bus lines. Usually, traveling with these night lines requires an extra fare, which has to be bought in addition to the normal ticket.

Between 75 and 80 million people use the system every year. About 70% of the people living in the area use the system. Plans include gradually introducing 4 trains per hour on most lines, and to extend the offer to 4 trains per hour between Zürich and Winterthur during the whole day, and not just during rush hour. A new tunnel was built in Zürich main station. This tunnel allows a direct connection from Zürich main station to Oerlikon and the airport, without a change of direction.

Thousand Foot Krutch

Thousand Foot Krutch is a Canadian Christian hard rock band that was formed in 1997.

They have released a number of albums (including 2 remix albums) the latest being Exhale, sequel to Oxygen: Inhale.

While TFK had rap influences, obvious with Trevor's vocals in earlier TFK albums, "The Flame In All Of Us" and "Welcome To the Masquerade" have moved away from that, and used a more rock-based sound. But "The End Is Where We Begin" returns to the band's Rap roots.

While "The Last Song" from "The Flame In All Of Us", has been thought by some to be an outro from the band, TFK still continues touring, and Trevor has said that they were very tired, and it's only a sarcastic "Here it all is: love it or hate it".

The band is known for a lot of touring. They usually do 200 concerts in a year.

Spring 2008 (march to may) is when TFK went on the comatose Tour (see Concert) and performed in over 30 cities. They have toured with bands such as Skillet.

The name Thousand Foot Krutch came from the belief that God is a crutch you can lean on, even if your problems pile a thousand feet high. What they mean is, you can ask God for help even if you have very serious or many problems in your life.

They have gone through certain line-up changes. For example, Steve Augustine has not always been a part of the band, and Christian Harvey was their original drummer.


Rosh Hashanah

Rosh Hashanah (, literally "head of the year," Biblical: , Israeli: , Yiddish: ) is a Jewish holiday commonly referred to as the "Jewish New Year." It is observed on the first day of Tishrei, the seventh month of the Hebrew calendar. The festival lasts for two days.

Rosh Hashanah is the first of the High Holidays or "Yamim Noraim" (), or "Asseret Yemei Teshuva" (The Ten Days of Repentance) which are days specifically set aside to focus on repentance that conclude with the holiday of Yom Kippur. The story of Rosh Hashanah is about Abraham and his belief in God when he was told to sacrifice his son.

It is customary to send "A Good and Happy Year" greetings on Rosh Hashanah to friends and family.

Jewish year and Gregorian year:

Mass noun

In linguistics, a mass noun is a common noun that refers to an amount, not an item or unit. Common mass nouns are "water, chocolate, meat, time," and "space." Mass nouns are always singular and uncountable. The set of uncountable nouns and mass nouns is not identical. There are uncountable nouns, such as "scissors" which refer to an item, are plural, and are not mass nouns.

In some languages like English, mass nouns have different grammar than countable nouns. Their requirements for determiners, for example differ. Other languages, such as Japanese, do not treat mass nouns in any special way.

Dianthus

Dianthus is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae, found mainly in Europe and Asia, with a few species found south to north Africa, and one species ("D. repens") in Arctic North America. Common names include carnation ("D. caryophyllus"), pink ("D. plumarius" and related species) and sweet william ("D. barbatus"). The name "Dianthus" is from the Greek words "dios" ("god") and "anthos" ("flower"), and was mentioned by the Greek botanist Theophrastus.

American Dream

The American Dream is the hope that in the United States of America, anyone can become successful if they work hard and try their very best.

Many migrants, people who come to America from other countries, come to America because they hope for a better life. America is attractive to migrants, because often there is more freedom to become rich or famous than the country that they leave. The standard icon of the American Dream is the Statue of Liberty.

American Dream also meant to live freely and equally with all other people in the United States. 

The American Dream is also a main theme in the book by John Steinbeck, "Of Mice and Men". The two friends George and Lennie dream of their own piece of land with a ranch, so they can "live off the fatta the lan'" and just enjoy a better life. 

But the symbolism shows this is futile due to the fact that it will never happen, and Lennie ends up being shot in the back of the head as a mercy killing, like Candy's dog. This shows that not everyone can achieve the American dream, thus proving by contradiction it is not possible.

Although it is possible to achieve the American dream for few. A lot of people follow the American dream to achieve a greater chance of becoming rich. This was easier in the 1900s and now it is really hard to achieve the American dream because of all the competition and hard work required to achieve this dream. This is also shown in "The Great Gatsby".

Jason Upton

Jason Upton (born December 15, 1973) is an independent Christian worship leader and musician. He has a large underground following. 

He has released 12 albums since the year 2000:

Richard Dean Anderson

Richard Dean Anderson (born January 23, 1950, in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American television actor. He is best known for his role as the title character in the television series "MacGyver", and for his role as Jack O'Neill in the television series "Stargate SG-1".

Michael Shanks

Michael Garrett Shanks (born December 15, 1970, Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian actor, writer and director. He became famous for his role as Dr. Daniel Jackson on the television series "Stargate SG-1". He also provided the voice of the character Thor for this show. He is a film and television actor.


Mycobacterium leprae

Mycobacterium leprae is a bacteria. It causes the disease, leprosy, also known as Hanson's Disease. The bacterium was discovered in 1873 by a Norwegian doctor named Gerhard Armauer Hansen. "M. leprae" is a gram-positive, aerobic rod surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to Mycobacteria. In size and shape, it closes resembles M. tuberculosis. Due to its thick, waxy coating, stains with carbol-fuchsin are used, rather than with the traditional Gram staining method.

Smells Like Teen Spirit

"Smells Like Teen Spirit" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana, from their second album "Nevermind". It is their most famous song, and one of the most famous songs ever. Many people thought the song represented the ideas of the people in Generation X (people born in the United States between 1965 and 1980.)

The song was written by all three members of Nirvana. It was written to sound like a song that the Pixies (a band that Kurt Cobain enjoyed) wrote. It was originally a much faster song than the final version was. The title "Smells Like Teen Spirit" came from when Cobain's friend Kathleen Hanna spray painted "Kurt Smells Like Teen Spirit" on his wall. "Teen Spirit" was the name of the deodorant that Cobain's girlfriend Tobi Vail wore. But Cobain thought it was a symbol for a "revolutionary" song or a "punk rock anthem."

Smells Like Teen Spirit was released in 1991. It was the first single from "Nevermind". Nirvana expected the song to not become very famous. They expected the next single, "Come as You Are", to be their big hit. However, radio stations in Seattle played Smells Like Teen Spirit, and it became a hit. Come as You Are was not as popular.

Many people who listened to the song were not able to understand what Kurt Cobain was singing. This was because he mumbled throughout the song, and the lyrics did not make sense to them. Because of this, "Weird Al" Yankovic made a parody of the song called "Smells Like Nirvana".

Mycobacterium tuberculosis

Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a bacterium that causes tuberculosis. "M. tuberculosis" was first described on 24 March 1882 by Robert Koch. The bacterium was first called the "tubercle bacillus", and is now also known as Koch's bacillus. This disease is spread by the air and from getting coughed or sneezed on by an infected patient.

Tuberculosis used to kill over half the people who were infected. The bacterium was almost wiped out by antibiotics, but is now a threat again because strains have appeared which are resistant to all the usual antibiotics.

Billabong (clothing)

Billabong is an Australian brand of surf clothing which is popular with young people, in particular the Australian surf community, however, more recently of the skating, and other sporting communities.

Billabong started in the Gold Coast in 1973 when surfing culture in Australia was popular. Surfers Gordon and Rena Merchant wanted to create board shorts that were strong enough to withstand the weather conditions of surfing. The name Billabong comes from the Wiradjuri word 'bilaban', which means a creek that runs during the rainy season. 

Billabong is known for their brand mottos "Life's better in boardshorts" and "A bikini kinda life".

Sand (disambiguation)

Sand may refer to:

George Sand

Amandine "Aurore" Lucile Dupin, later Baroness (French:"baronne") Dudevant (1 July 1804 – 8 June 1876), best known by her pseudonym George Sand (), was a French novelist and feminist.

Sand's father, Maurice Dupin, was the grandson of the Marshall General of France, Maurice, Comte de Saxe. He was also a distant relative of Louis XVI. Her mother, Sophie-Victoire Delaborde was a common woman. Sand was born in Paris. She spent much of her childhood with her grandmother, Marie Aurore de Saxe, Madame Dupin de Franceuil. Her grandmother lived in her estate, Nohant, in the French region of Berry. She later used the setting in many of her novels. In 1822, at age 19, she married Baron Casimir Dudevant (1795–1871), illegitimate son of Jean-François. She and Dudevant had two children: Maurice (1823–1889) and Solange (1828–1899). In early 1831 she left her husband and entered upon a four- or five-year period of "romantic rebellion." In 1835 she was legally separated from Dudevant.

Sand started to wear men's clothes in public. This harmed her reputation. She said that men's clothes were tougher, and also less expensive to buy than women's. The clothes she wore were comfortable, and they also allowed her to go around Paris more freely than the other women, even those of her own social standing.

Sand also smoked in public. This led to a scandal. At her time, women were not supposed to smoke, not even those of her standing. Franz Liszt had a relationship with a woman called Marie D'Agoult, who did this as well. D'Argoult smoked large cigars. These behaviors were exceptional for a woman of the early and mid-19th century, when social codes–especially in the upper classes–were very important.

Poet Charles Baudelaire was a contemporary critic of George Sand: "She is stupid, heavy and garrulous. Her ideas on morals have the same depth of judgment and delicacy of feeling as those of janitresses and kept women... The fact that there are men who could become enamoured of this slut is indeed a proof of the abasement of the men of this generation."

Sand had affairs with several men. These men included Jules Sandeau (1831), Prosper Mérimée, Alfred de Musset (summer 1833 – March 1834), Louis-Chrystosome Michel, Charles Didier, Pierre-François Bocage, Félicien Mallefille and Frédéric Chopin (1837–47).

Later in life, she wrote letters to Gustave Flaubert. Despite their obvious differences in temperament and aesthetic preference, they eventually became good friends.

She was engaged in an intimate friendship with actress Marie Dorval, which led to widespread but unconfirmed rumors of a lesbian affair.

In Majorca one can still visit the (then abandoned) Carthusian monastery of Valldemossa, where she spent the winter of 1838–39 with Chopin and her children. This trip to Majorca was described by her in "Un Hiver à Majorque" (A Winter in Majorca), published in 1855.

Chopin left her two years before his death, because of a family disturbance where he supported her daughter Solange's marriage choice, which had caused Sand to disown the daughter.

A liaison with the writer Jules Sandeau heralded her literary debut. They published a few stories in collaboration, signing them "Jules Sand." She consequently adopted, for her first independent novel, "Indiana" (1832), the pen name that made her famous – George Sand. Her first published novel, "Rose et Blanche" (1831), was written in collaboration with Sandeau.

Drawing from her childhood experiences of the countryside, she wrote the rural novels "La Mare au Diable" (1846), "François le Champi" (1847–1848), "La Petite Fadette" (1849), and "Les Beaux Messieurs Bois-Doré" (1857). "A Winter in Majorca" described the period that she and Chopin spent on that island in 1838-9. Her other novels include "Indiana" (1832), "Lélia" (1833), "Mauprat" (1837), "Le Compagnon du Tour de France" (1840), "Consuelo" (1842–1843), and "Le Meunier d'Angibault" (1845).

Further theatre pieces and autobiographical pieces include "Histoire de ma vie" (1855), "Elle et Lui" (1859) (about her affair with Musset), "Journal Intime" (posthumously published in 1926), and "Correspondence". Sand often performed her theatrical works in her small private theatre at the Nohant estate. In addition, Sand authored literary criticism and political texts. Her most widely used quote being, "There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved."

She was known well in far reaches of the world, and her social practices, her writings and her beliefs prompted much commentary, often by other luminaries in the world of arts and letters. A few excerpts demonstrate much of what was often said about George Sand:

George Sand died at Nohant, near Châteauroux, in France's Indre "département" on 8 June 1876, at the age of 71 and was buried in the grounds of her home there. In 2004, controversial plans were suggested to move her remains to the Panthéon in Paris.

Frequent literary references to George Sand can be found in "" (1990) by A. S. Byatt. The American poet Walt Whitman cited Sand's novel "Consuelo" as a personal favorite and the sequel to this novel "La Comtesse De Rudolstady" contains at least a couple of passages that appear to have had a very direct influence on him. Elizabeth Barrett Browning (1806-1861), the English poet, produced two poems "To George Sand: A Desire" and "To George Sand: A Recognition". The character, Stepan Verkhovensky, in Dostoevsky's novel "The Possessed" took to translating the works of George Sand in his periodical, before the periodical was subsequently seized by the ever-cautious Russian government of the 1840s. George Sand is referenced a number of times in the play "Voyage", the first part of Tom Stoppard's "The Coast of Utopia" trilogy. In the first episode of the "Overture" to "Swann's Way" - the first novel in Marcel Proust's "In Search of Lost Time" sequence - a young, distraught Marcel is calmed by his mother as she reads from "François le Champi", a novel which it is explained was part of a birthday package from his grandmother which also included "La Mare au Diable," "La Petite Fadette," and "Les Maîtres Sonneurs." As with many episodes involving art in "À la recherche du temps perdu", this reminiscence includes commentary on the work.




Type 23 frigate

The type 23 frigate or "Duke" class frigate is a warship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom and by the Chilean Navy of Chile. However it is not operated by the Royal Canadian Navy of Canada.

Nuremberg Laws

The Nuremberg Laws is the name for three (historically: two laws) that were set into practice in Germany in 1935, and that were valid until 1945. They are named after the city of Nuremberg where the legislative assembly met.

They were:
On the 14th of November 1935, the Nuremberg laws were expanded prohibiting Roma (Gypsies), Blacks or any of their offspring from engaging in marriage or sexual relations with 'Those of German or German related blood'.

Thrice

Thrice is an American experimental rock band formed in 1998. They are always changing their sound from different albums. The four members in Thrice are the same four people as when they started 10 years ago.

In 2004, the band released a DVD about the band. In the DVD, it talks about the members. They talk about experiences with touring and being in the band. They also talk about their ideas about the future direction of the music.

Dustin Kensrue, the lead singer for the band, released a solo album in 2007.

Most recently, Thrice have released a four disc album titled "The Alchemy Index" (volumes "Earth", "Fire", "Water" and "Air"). At the end of each disc, there is a song written in a similar poem style. The last line in that song is always sung in the same way.


Sidewalk

A sidewalk is a path for pedestrians that runs along the side of a road. It is called a sidewalk in American English, but can also be called a pavement (mainly British English and South African English), a footpath (Australian English, Irish English, Indian English and New Zealand English) or footway (Engineering term).

Pedestrians use sidewalks to keep them safe from vehicles on the road. Sidewalks can be paved with bricks, poured concrete or tarmac. 

In suburban areas sidewalks are often separated from the roadway by a verge planted with grass and trees.

Street furniture (benches, letterboxes, transit shelters, litter bins, advertising columns, etc.) are often placed on or immediately adjacent to sidewalks.

BMW

Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW, )BMW Group, is a German automobile and motorcycle maker, founded on 7 March 1916. It is one of the most famous automobile makers in the world. The headquarters is located in Munich, Bavaria. BMW is part of the "German Big 3" luxury automobile manufacturers, along with Audi and Mercedes-Benz. 1917

BMW makes these series of automobiles:

BMW's automobiles are tuned and modified by several German Tuning Companies such as AC Schnitzer, M, and Alpina.

Mazda

Mazda Motor Corporation is a car manufacturer based in Hiroshima, Japan. Mazda is the 15th largest car maker in the world, and 12th largest in U.S. sales. The company was started in 1920. Today it has about 44,000 employees. Sales are 2,057,614,000,000 yen. 1920

In 1920, Toyo Koruku Kogyo was established. In 1984, it changed its name to Mazda. The company is unique in using rotary engines in some of its cars. A rotary engine has more power for its weight than ordinary engines. In 1991, the Mazda 787B (which had a rotary engine) won the 24 Heures du LeMans. From 1979 to 2010, Mazda had a partnership with Ford Motor Company. At one point, Ford owned 1/3 of Mazda's stock. Since 2000, Mazda has grown, especially in Europe and North America, and it is now completely separate from Ford. In 2015, Mazda and Toyota agreed to work together.

Mazda produces cars only in Japan and Mexico, but 80% of its sales are outside of Japan. Mazda is the only company that produces cars which have rotary engines (but most of its cars do not have rotary engines). The cars are popular in Australia and Europe, especially Germany and U.K. Nowadays, Mazda's slogan is ZOOM-ZOOM. It is famous for the movie Only Strong. ZOOM-ZOOM comes from English-speaking children calling cars ZOOM-ZOOM. 

Mazda's company name is derived from Matsuda Jujirou who was the founder of this company, and the Zoroastrian god, Ahura Mazda. Ahura Mazda is a symbol of wisdom, reason, and harmony.


Itapema

Itapema is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Animal testing

Animal testing, also known as animal experimentation and animal research is the use of animals for experiments. Escherichia coli, Fruit flies, and mice are often used for animal testing. About 50 to 100 million vertebrate animals and many more invertebrate animals are used around the world every year. The source of the animals are different according to the country and species. Most animals used for experiments are bred for this purpose. But others may be caught from the wild or bought from people who buy them from animal shelters.

Animals are used for experiments inside universities, medical schools, farms, large companies and other places that provide animal-testing services. People who support animal testing argue that almost every medical discovery in the 20th century used animals in some way. They say that even complex computers cannot model connections between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms, and the environment. Many important discoveries were made because of animal testing. But some scientists and animal rights organizations such as PETA do not support animal testing. They say that it is cruel, poorly done, and costly. Others argue that animals have the right not to be used for experiments, and that model organisms are different from humans. The limits to animal testing is different in various countries.

The words animal testing, animal experimentation, animal research, "in vitro" testing, and vivisection have similar meanings,differently. "tatiosion" means to "cut up" a living animal. It was used only in experiments that dissected live animals. The word "vivisection" is sometimes used negatively about any experiment with live animals. For example, the "Encyclopædia Britannica" described "vivisection" as: "Operation on a living animal for experimental rather than healing purposes; more broadly, all experimentation on live animals". However, dictionaries note that the wider definition is "used only by people who are opposed (dislike) to such work". The word makes people think of torture, pain, and death. People who dislike animal testing often use the word "vivisection", while scientists usually use the expression "animal experimentation" instead.

The earliest mention of animal testing is in the writings of the Greeks in the second and fourth centuries BCE. Aristotle (Αριστοτέλης) (384 – 322 BCE) and Erasistratus (304 – 258 BCE) where some of the first people to try out experiments on living animals. Galen, a doctor in second-century Rome who was known as the "father of vivisection", dissected pigs and goats. Avenzoar, an Arabic doctor in twelfth-century Spain, tested out surgical processes on animals before applying them to humans.

Animals have often been used in the history of scientific study. In the 1880s, Louis Pasteur showed the germ theory of medicine by putting anthrax in sheep. In the 1890s, Ivan Pavlov famously used dogs to describe classical conditioning. On November 3, 1957, a Russian dog, Laika, became the first animal to orbit the earth. In the 1970s, antibiotic treatments and vaccines for leprosy were made using armadillos, then given to humans. In 1974, Rudolf Jaenisch produced the first genetically changed mammal. He put DNA from a virus into the genome of mice. Genetic study grew quickly after that. In 1996, Dolly the sheep was born—the first cloned mammal.

In the 20th century, toxicology testing became important. In the 19th century, laws about drugs were less strict. Drugs did not have to be checked for safety. But in 1937, a drug called Elixir Sulfanilamide killed more than 100 people. They caused great and long lasting pain, vomiting, and fits. After that, the U.S. congress made laws that said that drugs had to be tested on animals before they could be sold. Other countries passed similar laws.

Even back in the 17th century, people disagreed about animal testing. In 1655, Edmund O'Meara said that "the miserable torture of vivisection places the body in an unnatural state." O'Meara and others said that animals could be affected by pain during vivisection, making results unreliable. Others also disliked animal testing because they felt that animals should not be hurt for humans. Others opposed animal testing for different reasons: many believed that animals were not as good as humans and that they were so different that results of animal testing would not work on humans.

Supporters had different views. They argued that experiments on animals were necessary for knowledge. Claude Bernard, the "prince of vivisectors" and the father of physiology famously wrote in 1865 that "the science of life is a superb and dazzlingly (brightly) lighted hall which may be reached only by passing through a long and ghastly kitchen". He declared that "experiments on entirely conclusive for the toxicology and hygiene of effects of these substances are the same on man as on animals, save for differences in degree". Because of Bernard, animal testing became a regular scientific method. Surprisingly, though, his wife, Marie Françoise Martin, began the first anti-vivisection society in France in 1883.

In 1896, Dr. Walter B. Cannon said, “The antivivisectionists are the second of the two types Theodore Roosevelt described when he said, ‘Common sense without conscience may lead to crime, but conscience without common sense may lead to folly, which is the handmaiden (servant) of crime.’ ” The public first began giving its attention to the supporters and opposers of animal testing during the brown dog affair in the early 1990s. In the brown dog affair, hundreds of medical students and anti-vivisectionists and police argued over a memorial to a vivisected dog.



Campylobacter

Campylobacter is a genus of bacteria. It is found in the intestines of many types of animal. "Campylobacter" is the most common bacterial cause of diarrhea and food poisoning. It is spiral shaped, and moves by using its flagella.

Campylobacteriosis is a gastrointestinal tract infection caused by "Campylobacter". It causes inflammation, sometimes bloody diarrhea, cramps, fever, and pain.

Campylobacteriosis is more common during the summer months. It also appears to be more common in males than females. It is caused by eating contaminated food or drinking contaminated water. Eating raw meat or undercooked poultry, and raw dairy products are common causes.

In January 2013, the UK's Food Standards Agency warned that two-thirds of all raw chicken bought from UK shops was contaminated with" Campylobacter". It affects about half a million people annually and kills about 100.

Emperor Taishō

Emperor Taishō (meaning "Great Justice") was the name given to Yoshihito at the time of his coronation. Emperors of Japan receive a new name at the time of their coronation, and people start using the new name, both to refer to the emperor himself and the name of the era during which he reigned.

Taishō's early life was marked by many changes in the role of emperor; and his reign was a period of consolidation.

A timeline of major events includes:




Emperor Meiji

Meiji's reign was marked by many changes including the move of the Imperial court from Kyoto to Tokyo.

A timeline of major events includes:

He died in Tokyo. A detailed account of the state funeral in the "New York Times" concluded with an observation: "The contrast between that which preceded the funeral car and that which followed it was striking indeed. Before it went old Japan; after it came new Japan."

The spirits of Emperor Meiji and his wife are honored at the in Tokyo.




Trivium (band)

Trivium is a heavy metal band from Orlando, Florida. They started in 1999 and became very successful. The members are: Matt Heafy (vocals, guitars), Corey Beaulieu (guitars), Paolo Gregoletto (bass) and Alex Bent (drums). 






Emily Browning

Emily Jane Browning (born 7 December 1988) is an Australian movie actress and singer. Browning made her movie debut in the Australian television movie "The Echo of Thunder". Later, she played recurring roles in Australian television shows "Blue Heelers" and "Something in the Air." Her breakthrough role was in the 2002 horror movie "Ghost Ship," which introduced her to a wider audience. In 2005, Browning won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Violet Baudelaire in the comedy movie "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" (2004).

Browning is also known for her roles in the horror movie "The Uninvited" (2009), the action movie "Sucker Punch" (2011), and the independent movie "Sleeping Beauty" (2011). Her role in "Sleeping Beauty" was highly praised and in 2011 was named the Breakthrough performer of the year by Hamptons International Film Festival.

Trivium (liberal arts)

The word trivium, from Latin, is made of two parts. The first part "tres" meant "three" and the second part "vía" meant "way". 

In antiquity and the High Middle Ages, there were different ways of teaching young men at the university. The trivium was three simplest ways to study the world, and so young men learned them first. After the trivium, they studied the quadrivium. Together, these subjects were called the seven liberal arts. The most difficult, and final subject studied was theology.

The three subjects were related to talking about the world. These subjects were grammar, logic and rhetoric. They were ways of preparing for the quadrivium, which includes arithmetic, geometry, music and astronomy.

One way of studying the world is to look at the form of the words. Grammar is the mechanics of the language.
When a man studied grammar, he studied how words were put together, and how words were combined to make sentences, paragraphs, chapters, and stories.

The word "grammar" has a more limited meaning now than it did before now. Many subjects, such as syntax and phonetics were part of grammar.

One way of studying the world is to look at the meaning of words. Logic is the mechanics of thought and analysis. Logic is the study of how meanings are related to each other, and how to make good decisions. A fallacy is when someone does not draw a conclusion according to the rules of logic. An old name for logic was dialectics.

One way of studying the world is to look at communicating with words. Rhetoric is the mechanics of discourse. Discourse is the process of two or more people communicating about an idea. Young men studied rhetoric in order to learn how to instruct and to persuade. 


Ancient Greek boxing

Ancient Greek boxing is a very old sport. It has been practiced at least since the eighth century BC. Homer wrote about it in his poem "Iliad". At that time, Greece was made of many city-states that were independent. Each city state seems to have had its own version of the sport.

Today, most of the sources that talk about Greek boxing are either legends, or they are fragmentary. When a source is fragmentary, this means that part of the text has been lost, or is missing. This makes it difficult to find the rules, or where and how the activity was done. Several details are missing, but it seems boxing with gloves was an important part of the Greek athletic culture of the time.

The activity was called "pyx" or "pygme" in Ancient Greek. Archeologists have found evidence that this activity was probably done by the Minoan and Mycenaean cultures. Many legends tell about the origins of boxing in Greece. One legend says that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a type of boxing where two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed. Later, the boxers began to fight while standing. They also started to wear gloves (with spikes) and wrappings on their arms below the elbows. In Ancient Greece, most sports were done naked, boxing too. 

According to "Iliad", Mycenaean warriors included boxing in their competitions. They did this to honor those who had died. It is possible that Homer told about what the Greeks did, at a later time. Boxing was one of the contests held in memory of Achilles' friend Patroclus, who was killed toward the end of the Trojan War. To commemorate Patroclus the Greeks later introduced boxing ("pygme / pygmachia") to the Olympic Games in 688 BC. People taking part trained on punching bags (called a "korykos"). Fighters wore leather straps (called "himantes") over their hands, wrists, and sometimes chest, to protect themselves from injury. The straps also left the fingers free. 

Philostratus was a scholar and an historian. According to him, boxing was originally developed in Sparta, in order to harden warriors’ faces for battle. The early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for when they were hit on the head in battle. However, Spartans never took part in the competitive version of boxing. They thought it was dishonorable to be defeated that way. 

Until around 500 BC "himantes" were used as protection for the knuckles and hand. They were thongs of ox hide between 3 and 3.7 meters long. The "himantes" were wrapped around the hands and knuckles many times.

Around 400 BC "sphairai" were introduced. The "sphairai" were very similar to "himantes". The biggest difference was that the inside was padded when they were wrapped around the hands. The outside of the thong was more rigid too.

Soon after the "saphirai" had been introduced, they were replaced by "oxys" used for boxing. "Oxys" were made of several thick leather bands that were wrapped around the hand, wrist, and forearm. A band of fleece was placed on the forearm to wipe away sweat. Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching. The knuckles were reinforced with leather as well.

"Korykos" were the equivalent to modern punching bags. They were used for practice in the Palaestra and were filled with sand, flour, or millet.

The rules currently used for the sport are based on the old rules. As pointed out above, there are only incomplete sources for the rules. The rules needed to be deduced from old texts and images:

London School of Economics

The London School of Economics and Political Science (more commonly London School of Economics or LSE) is a college of the University of London in Westminster. The college opened in 1895. It joined the University of London in 1900. Today it is one of the leading universities for Law, Economics and Political Sciences. QS ranked it as the second best university in the world for social science in 2013. 

Some of the most notable people who attended the college are:


It is a member of the Russell Group. In 2011 17,654 people applied for 1,271 undergraduate places. This means there were 13.8 applicants for every place. Over half of LSE's students are postgraduates. 16 Nobel Prize winners have been LSE students or staff. It has the highest percentage of students from another country in the world and 46% of staff are from other countries.

Friedrich Hayek

Friedrich August von Hayek, CH (8 May 1899 – 23 March 1992) was an Austrian-British economist and political philosopher. He became known because he strongly defended liberalism and free-market capitalism. He was against too much central control of the economy and society. He thought that forms of government like socialism were not good for the economy, and damaged freedom of the individual. Hayek's signature work, "The Road to Serfdom", refers to the consequences of socialism.

He was one of the most important economists and political philosophers of the 20th century. He was one of the most important members of the Austrian School of economics. He also had many ideas in the fields of jurisprudence and cognitive science. He shared the 1974 Nobel Prize in Economics with his rival Gunnar Myrdal. The award was for their work in the theory of money and economic fluctuations; also for their analysis of the inter-dependence of economic, social and institutional phenomena. He also received the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1991. He is thought to be one of the major causes of change from the Keynesian policies of the first part of the 20th century. Instead of governments handling the details of the economy, they went back towards classical liberalism in the 1980s and later. This happened most clearly in the 1980s in the U.S.A. (under Ronald Reagan) and the U.K. (under Margaret Thatcher).



Ancient Olympic Games

The Ancient Olympic Games were a series of athletic competitions held between the city-states of Ancient Greece. They used to be called the Olympic Games (; "Olympiakoi Agones") until the modern day Olympic Games started. The Ancient Olympic Games began in 776 BC in Olympia, Greece.
Prizes at the games were olive wreaths, palm branches and woollen ribbons. The ancient Olympics were played in the honour of the God Zeus. 

Women were not allowed to participate or even to see the competitions.

There is no agreement on when the Games officially ended, but many historians think it is 393 AD, when the Christian Roman emperor Theodosius I declared that all Pagan religious practices should end. Another date might be 426 AD, when the next emperor Theodosius II ordered the destruction of all Greek temples. The stadium in Olympia got buried by landslides and other natural disasters. After the Olympics stopped, they were not held again until the modern Olympic Games were started in 1896 in Athens.

Here are athletes that competed at the Games:



Manhattan (movie)

Manhattan is a 1979 American romantic comedy-drama movie by director Woody Allen. The movie is set in New York City. The movie is about Issac Davis (played by Allen), a divorced 42-year old dating a 17-year-old girl. His ex-wife is openly lesbian.

The movie was nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actress (Mariel Hemingway) and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen. It also won the BAFTA Award for Best Film and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay. The movie was #46 on American Film Institute's "100 Years...100 Laughs". In 2001, the United States Library of Congress said the movie was "culturally significant" and selected it to keep in the National Film Registry.

The movie had mostly positive reviews.


Match Point

Match Point is a 2005 British crime drama thriller movie by director Woody Allen. It is set in London and stars Scarlett Johansson and Jonathan Rhys Meyers.

Punching bag

A punching bag is a tough bag which is supposed to be punched a lot. It is used in exercise or stress relief to improve one of three areas: physical strength, aerobic fitness or punching technique.

Punching bags have been used in martial arts for as long as there has been a written history of military training. Similar apparatus in Asian martial arts include the Okinawan "makiwara" and the Chinese "mook jong", which may have padded striking surfaces attached to them.


Nocera Inferiore

Nocera Inferiore, is a town and comune in Campania, Italy, in the province of Salerno, at the foot of Monte Albino, 20 km east-south-east of Naples by rail, . above sea-level.

Nuceria Alfaterna appears to have been the chief town in the valley of the Sarnus, Herculaneum, Pompeii, Stabiae and Surrentum all being dependent upon it.

Hannibal destroyed the town in 216.

In 1385 Pope Urban VI was besieged in the castle of Charles of Durazzo.

At Nocera had sped a big part of they life the painter Francesco Solimena, and the writers Jacopo Sannazzaro and Domenico Rea.

Is the birthplace of the footballers Simone Barone and Raffaele De Martino.
Originally from Nocera are the parents of Italian American Warren Cuccurullo and Mario Cuomo.

Nevado del Ruiz

Nevado del Ruiz is a volcano in Colombia. It is also called Mount Ruiz. It is about

The eruption of 1985 caused a lahar. About 23,000 people died when the mud from the lahar covered Armero. This makes it the most deadly lahar that is known. People who live near the volcano call it "the Sleeping Lion", because it was dormant or sleeping for nearly 150 years before the Armero lahar.

Nevado del Ruiz is a broad, icy stratovolcano that covers more than . Three major parts, made of andesitic and dacitic lavas and andesitic pyroclastics, have built up since the beginning of the Pleistocene. The cone consists of a wide cluster of lava domes produced within the summit caldera. The 1-kilometer wide, Arenas crater is the summit. The prominent La Olleta pyroclastic cone is on the volcano's southwest flank and may also have been active in historical times. The mountain's flanks are lined by steep and massive landslides. Melting of its summit icecap during historical eruptions resulted in devastating lahars, including the famous eruption in 1985 that was the world's deadliest. There was an eruption in 2016.

In 1595, a lahar flowed down along the valleys of the River Guali and the River Lagunillas, killing 636 people. In 1845, another massive lahar flooded the upper valley of the River Lagunillas, killing over 1,000 people. It continued for downstream before spreading across a plain in the lower valley floor. It is believed both of these formed from melting of the snow and ice that cover the summit. 

Nevado del Ruiz was very active in the three months before it erupted. Italian volcanologists analyzed gas samples from the fumaroles along the Arenas crater floor. They were a mixture of carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide, indicating a direct magmatic release. A very high lahar risk was stressed in the mission's report delivered on October 22, 1985 and various simple preparedness techniques were proposed to local authorities.

During the following "quiet" period in October, the hydrothermal component of the vapor discharge steadily increased. The gases were super-saturated with elemental sulfur; their thermodynamic equilibration temperatures ranged from 200 to 600° Celsius. Gases and water from fumaroles and thermal springs on the flanks of the volcano are likely to be produced from a two-phase vapor-brine envelope within the volcano. Production of such gas over extended periods may account for the large amount of sulfur dioxide being released from the volcano in relation to the small amount of ejected solids.

The destruction wrought by the 1985 eruption was partially due to the fact that many scientists did not say whether or not to evacuate the area. A group of scientists informed them that they faced imminent and almost certain death. The people in Armero thought that because the volcano had not erupted in 100 years, it had no reason to erupt. Scientists later looked back to the hours before the eruption and noticed that several long period earthquakes had occurred. Long-period earthquakes are those which start out strong and then die down very slowly. Volcanologist Bernard Chouet said that these earthquakes occur in the final hours before an eruption. According to Chouet, "the volcano was screaming 'I'm about to explode'," but scientists at the time doubted his theory.

On November 13, 1985, at 9:08 pm, Nevado del Ruiz erupted; ejecting dacitic tephra more than 30 kilometers into the atmosphere. The amount of magma erupted from the volcano was 3% of that from Mount St. Helens in 1980. The eruption reached Volcanic Explosivity Index 3. The material ejected was described by scientists as "unusually rich in sulfur dioxide".

Pyroclastic flows melted ice and snow at the summit, forming 4 thick lahars that rushed down the river valleys. As most lahars do, the mudflows began as flows of water, sand, and gravel, and mixed with clay along the way. The lahars were up to wide and six feet deep (2 m) and travelled more than . The lahars destroyed many houses and towns. The town of Armero was completely covered, killing approximately 21,000 people (three-fourths of the population), as well as affecting 13 other villages. The eruption caused an estimated 23,000 deaths, 5,000 injuries, and destroyed more than 5,000 homes. This was the second deadliest volcanic disaster in the 20th century, after the 1902 eruption of Mount Pelee, and the fourth deadliest eruption in recorded history. It is the deadliest lahar in recorded history, and Colombia's worst natural disaster.

The disaster got some coverage because of a photograph taken by photographer Frank Fournier, of a young girl named Omayra Sánchez who was trapped beneath rubble for three days before she died. In response to the eruption, the USGS Volcano Crisis Assistance Team was formed in 1986, and the Volcano Disaster Assistance Program.

The volcano erupted again in 1988 and 1991.In April 2008, it erupted again, and thousands were evacuated. Volcanologists were worried that this could be another "Nevado del Ruiz". 

Survivors who went to other towns in the area were gradually housed in new government schemes. Armero was not rebuilt because the old lahar traces were discovered, and the Colombian government declared the site "holy ground" so that no one would ever suffer again like Armero.

Now a new system can detect lahars, giving people more warning to evacuate before they happen. The system uses Acoustic Flow Monitors which analyze ground shaking that could result in a lahar. These monitors are placed in the volcano and warn officials if there is a lot of shaking. They were tested on Mount Rainier in the United States.
The glaciers of Nevado del Ruiz were formed slowly over hundreds of years. Because of global warming, the glaciers are starting to melt. Since Ruiz became well-known after its eruption in 1985, scientists and government officials in Colombia are worried the glaciers might melt completely.

The stratovolcano is in the Pacific Ring of Fire, an area of the earth's crust where the land is unstable. It encircles the Pacific Ocean, and houses some of the world's most active volcanoes. The volcano is the northernmost of several Colombian stratovolcanoes in the Andean Volcanic Belt of western South America. The Andean volcanic belt was produced by the eastward subduction of the oceanic Nazca plate beneath the South American continental plate. Normally, these type of stratovolcanoes generate explosive Plinian eruptions with associated pyroclastic flows that can melt snow and glaciers near the summit, producing devastating lahars.

The volcano is part of the Ruiz-Tolima volcanic massif (or Cordillera Central), a group of five different icy stratovolcanoes.

Tao

Tao (Pinyin Dào ) is a metaphysical concept found in Taoism, Confucianism, and more often in ancient Chinese philosophy. The Chinese character translates as "way," "path," or "route,". In Taoism, the Tao was the origin of the whole universe. Taoists believe that the "myriad things", or everything in the universe from animals to materials to ideas, originally came from the Tao, and when something disappears, it's energy (or "qi") goes back to the Tao to be absorbed and re-birthed in a different form. 

The Tao is a cosmic force that can't be named or described, which is the natural harmony between all living things, and the way they all move together. Taoists thought that if someone "forgot themselves", and let go of intentions, they would be able to "move effortlessly" (wu wei, or "non-action"), and be in harmony with the Tao, like the animals, plants, and everything else. This harmony is the ultimate goal of Taoism.

Vitaceae

Vitaceae are a family of dicotyledonous flowering plants including the grape and Virginia creeper. The family name comes from the genus "Vitis". The name sometimes appears as Vitidaceae, but Vitaceae is a conserved name and therefore has priority over both Vitidaceae and another name sometimes found in the older literature, Ampelidaceae.

The relationships of Vitaceae are unclear and the family does not appear to have any close relatives. In the Cronquist system, the family was placed near the family Rhamnaceae in order Rhamnales. The family was placed in the Rosid clade, but not classified in an order, by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG). The Angiosperm Phylogeny Web places Vitaceae in its own order, Vitales. Recent phylogenetic analyses support Vitaceae as the sister-group to all other rosids (Jansen et al. 2006).

Most Vitis species have 38 chromosomes (n=19), but 40 (n=20) in subgenus Muscadinia, while Ampelocissus, Parthenocissus, and Ampelopsis also have 40 chromosomes (n=20) and Cissus has 24 chromosomes (n=12).

The family is economically important as grapes (Vitis species) are an important fruit crop and, when fermented, produce wine.

Species of the genus Tetrastigma serve as hosts to parasitic plants in the family Rafflesiaceae.

Leea, sometimes classified in its own family, Leeaceae, is included in Vitaceae by the APG and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Web.

Vitis

Vitis is a genus of about 60 species of vining plants in the flowering plant family Vitaceae. The genus is made up of species most often found in the Northern hemisphere. It is economically important as the source of grapes, both for direct consumption of the fruit and for fermentation to produce wine. The cultivation of grapevines is called viticulture. A farm or garden where grapes are grown is a vineyard.

Smiley Smile

Smiley Smile is the twelfth studio album by The Beach Boys. It was released in 1967.

Sulfur dioxide

Sulfur dioxide (also sulphur dioxide) is the chemical compound with the formula SO. It is a gas. It smells like burnt matches or rotten eggs. It can also cause suffocation. Sulfur dioxide is produced by volcanoes and in various industrial processes. It is also used to protect wine from oxygen and bacteria. It can be produced by burning sulfur. It dissolves in water to produce sulfurous acid. It can be oxidized to trioxide, which is dissolved in sulfuric acid to make more sulfuric acid. It is used to make sulfites.

Foreign policy

A country's foreign policy (also called the international relations policy) is a set of goals about how the country will work with other countries economically, politically, socially and militarily. It includes such matters as international trade, foreign aid, military alliances, and war. 

Foreign policy also involves dealing with groups that are not countries but that are still important. These are called "non-state actors", and might include religious groups, large companies, or even terrorist groups. The study of foreign relations is known as foreign policy analysis (FPA) and the work is called diplomacy. Most counties have a foreign minister who directs these things, with help from other officials.

Foreign policy is basically the way a government deals with other nations. The policy and behavior of other states, as well as domestic consideration and interests is what influences the development of foreign policy. According to Lumen Learning, foreign policy consists of self-interest strategies chosen by the state to safeguard its national interests and to achieve its own goals through relations with other countries. This means that foreign policies are arrangements made by the government to benefit them. 

Philip II

Philip II may mean:


Dolná Krupá

Dolná Krupá is a village in the Trnava region of Slovakia. It is in the Danubian Hills at around 12 km from the city of Trnava.

The important sights in the village are:


Little Carpathians

The Little Carpathians or Lesser Carpathians are a mountain range that are about 100 kilometers long. They are found in the western part of Slovakia, between Bratislava and Nové Mesto nad Váhom, and in Northeastern Austria.

Danubian Hills

The Danubian Hills is an area in Slovakia. It is between the Danube plain to the south and the Little Carpathian Mountains to the north. The most important towns of the area are Trnava, Topoľčany, Nitra, Levice, Dudince and Štúrovo.

Human nature

Human nature refers to the characteristics of mankind. This means ways of thinking, feeling and acting which humans have naturally.
What these characteristics are, what causes them and how fixed human nature is, are good questions. They among the oldest and most important questions in western philosophy. These questions affect ethics, politics and theology. Human nature is a source of advice on how to live well, but it also puts limits and obstacles on living a good life.
The complex implications of such questions are also dealt with in art and literature, while the humanities inquire into human nature, and what it means to be human.

Many great thinkers have had definite ideas on human nature, but some ideas have lasted better than others. An example of this is the best-selling college textbook which first appeared in 1974 as "Seven theories of human nature". The seven theories were those of:

Thirty years later the selection was of ten theories:

Aristotle, Plato's most famous student, made some of the most famous and influential statements about human nature.

In his works some clear statements about human nature are made:

For Aristotle, reason is what is most special about humanity compared to other animals, and is what we achieve at our best.

Much of Aristotle's description of human nature is still influential today, but the particular teleological idea that humans are "meant" or intended to be something, has become much less popular in modern times.

Humans are mammals, and have developed by a process of evolution. It follows that what is called human nature is inherited, and had been the product of natural selection. We are not blank slates; our mental life and behaviour has ancient roots. This is the question of nature vs nurture, and the subject-matter of evolutionary psychology. Ethology and sociobiology has also looked at these issues from the perspective of human evolution and heredity.

Krupský potok

Krupský potok is a tributary of the Blava River in Slovakia. This means it flows into the Blava River.

Belly dance

A belly dance is a Middle Eastern type of dancing. In the Arabic language, it is called raqs sharqi (which means "oriental dance"). Many boys and girls in countries where belly dancing is popular will learn how to do it when they are young. The dance involves movement of many different parts of the body; usually in a circular way.

The term "Belly dance" is translated from the French language "danse du ventre". However, this dance is done by every part of the body. The most featured body part usually is the hips. Belly dancing is very different depending on country and region, both in costume and dance style.

Belly dancing came from the dances performed in the Middle East and North Africa. One theory is that belly dance may have come from Arabia, a dance when the pagan Arabs were worshipping a goddess before the rise of Islam. A third theory is that belly dance was always danced just for entertainment.

Another theory is that belly dance was originally danced by women for women in the Levant, and North Africa.

The courtly pleasures of the Muslim Umayyad and Abbasid caliphs included belly dancing, soirée, and singing. Belly dancers and singers were sent from all parts of the vast Arab Empire to entertain.

Belly dance was taken from Egypt by the Roma people to Turkey.

Atreyu

Atreyu are an American heavy metal band. They are signed to Roadrunner Records. They took their name from a character called "Atreyu" in a book called "The Neverending Story".Sound Tracks
Compilations
Magazine cover compilations
'Atreyu' is an American metal core band with melodic death metal and hardcore influences from Orange County, California. Contrary to popular belief, the band did not intentionally name itself after Atreyu, a character from Michael Ende's novel, The Never-ending Story. Rather, the name was suggested to them by a friend of the band. 
Current
Atreyu was formed as a band sometime during 1998 and 1999. Shortly thereafter, they released their first EP, entitled Visions. The record garnered the band some success in the Southern California metal core scene and they constantly performed to support the seven-track release.
Atreyu released its second record, a five-track EP, entitled Fractures in the Facade of Your Porcelain Beauty, in 2001. The record featured early versions of the songs "Living Each Day Like You're Already Dead", "Someone's Standing on My Chest", and "Tulips Are Better", which were re-worked for the band's third release. The record also caught the attention of record executives at Victory Records, who quickly signed the band and added it to its roster.
Atreyu recorded and released its first full-length album in 2002. Suicide Notes and Butterfly Kisses would become an instant fan favorite and was noticed by a wide variety of music fans. The record broke down the walls separating the genres of heavy metal and hardcore, allowing the band to push itself into the forefront of the metal core scene. Critics from publications such as the L.A. Times, Guitar World, and Metal Maniacs commented that the "Southern California five-piece brings new definition to overnight success." Since then, the album has sold over 100,000 copies and has produced two popular singles, "Ain’t Love Grand" and "Lip Gloss and Black." Their newest album, "Congregation of the Damned", was released October 2009 and delighted many of their original fans. Their songs changed by their music slowly getting heavier and darker.

Michael Laudrup

Michael Laudrup (born 15 June 1964) is a former Danish football player. He has played for Denmark national team.

52||26||||||||||52||26
162||25||||||||||162||25
228||52||||||||||228||52
15||5||3||2||6||1||24||8
21||11||||||||||21||11
478||119||3||2||6||1||487||122

!Total||104||37

Clive Charles

Clive Michael Charles (3 October 1951 – 26 August 2003) was an English football player, coach and television announcer. He was one of five National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) coaches to win more than 400 games.

Paul Gascoigne

Paul John Gascoigne (born 27 May 1967) is an English retired football player. He has played for England national team.

Paul Gascoigne was born in Gateshead, County Durham, on 27 May 1967. His father, John (1946–2018), was a hod carrier, and his mother, Carol, worked in a factory. He was named Paul John Gascoigne in tribute to Paul McCartney and John Lennon. 

Despite having a hard and troubled childhood, Gascoigne developed a love for football. Gascoigne saw professional football as a way of earning money to provide for his family He enjoyed football, and later wrote that "I didn't have twitches or worry about death when I was playing football". He was signed on as an apprentice at Newcastle on his 16th birthday.

Gascoigne married Sheryl Failes in 1996. Gascoigne had a son, Regan, with Sheryl and also adopted Sheryl's two children from her first marriage, Mason and Bianca. 

Newcastle United Youth

Tottenham Hotspur

Rangers

Middlesbrough

England U21

Individual


Marcel Desailly

Marcel Desailly (born Odenke Abbey; 7 September 1968) is a French former professional footballer.

Marseille

AC Milan

Chelsea

Al-Gharafa

France

Individual

Orders


Vinnie Jones

Vinnie Jones (born 5 January 1965) is a former English football player. He played for Wales national team. Jones is now an actor. He played Juggernaut in Marvel's "". Jones was a housemate in the 2010 UK series of "Celebrity Big Brother".

Wealdstone

IFK Holmsund


Wimbledon

Leeds United




Peter Schmeichel

Peter Schmeichel (born 18 November 1963) is a former Danish football player. He has played for Denmark national team.

Schmeichel was a contestant in the 2006 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".

197||8||||||||||20||0||217||8
350||1||43||0||20||0||47||1||460||2
50||0||||||||||||||50||0
597||9||43||0||20||0||67||1||727||10

!Total||129||1

Peter Shilton

Peter Leslie Shilton (born 18 September 1949) is an English former footballer. He has played for England national team. He has 125 caps for the England national team. This is more than any other player.

Shilton was a contestant in the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".

Leicester City

Nottingham Forest

Individual

Chris Coleman

Chris Coleman (born 10 June 1970) is a former Welsh football player. He has played for Wales national team.

478||23
478||23

!Total||32||4

Marcus Hahnemann

Marcus Hahnemann (born June 15, 1972) is an American former soccer player.

!Total||4||0

Kit Symons

Kit Symons (born 8 March 1971) is an English-born Welsh former footballer. He played for Wales national team.

436||27
436||27

!Total||37||2

Tim Howard

Tim Howard (born March 6, 1979) is an American soccer player. He plays for Everton and United States national team.

Manchester United

Everton

United States

Individual

Marcelo Salas

Marcelo Salas (born 24 December 1974) is a former Chilean football player. He has played for Chile national team.

Duncan Edwards

Duncan Edwards (1 October 1936 – 21 February 1958) was an English footballer. He played for Manchester United and the England national team. Edwards was one of the eight "Busby Babes" who died in the Munich air disaster.

Manchester United

Individual

Roger Milla

Roger Milla (born 20 May 1952) is a former Cameroonian football player. He has played for Cameroon national team.

204||158
312||111
516||269

!Total||102||28

Toni Turek

Toni Turek is a former football player. He has played for West Germany national team. In 1954 he became world champion. He is called "Fußballgott" ("football god").

224||0
224||0
!Total||20||0


Arthur, Prince of Wales

Arthur Tudor (19 or 20 September 1486 - 2 April 1502) was the oldest son of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York.

As the oldest son, Arthur was to be King of England after the death of his father. In 1501, he married Catherine of Aragon, a princess from Spain. He died a few months later. His younger brother, Henry, became heir to the throne. After Henry became king in 1509, he married Arthur's widow, Catherine. 

The seat prepared for Prince Arthur can be seen in StMarys Priory Church Abergavenny The Tudor rose , Prince of Wales feathers can be seen under The Royal stall with ornamented canopy , dating from 1501.The stall for Catherine can be viewed opposite
Farah River

The Farah River (Persian Farāh Rud) is a river in western Afghanistan. The river originates in the Band-e Bayan Range and flows for 560 km to the Helmand swamps on the Afghanistan-Iran border. The town of Farah is located on the river.


Asuwa River

The is a river in Fukui Prefecture, Japan. It stretches from Mount Kanmuri in the town of Ikeda to the Hino and the Kuzuryū rivers.


Sagami River

The is a river in Kanagawa and Yamanashi Prefectures on the island of Honshū, Japan. 

American Museum of Natural History

The American Museum of Natural History is a museum about science. It is one of the biggest and most-visited museums in the world.

The museum is made of 25 connected buildings in Theodore Roosevelt Park on the Upper West Side, Manhattan, New York, USA. It has 46 exhibition halls, a lot of laboratories, a research library, and more than 34 million specimens and artifacts.

More than 200 scientists work at the museum, researching biology, paleontology, earth science, astrophysics, and anthropology. Its graduate school awards doctorate degrees in biology and masters degrees in education. The museum also provides education programs for children and adults, including for teachers.

Famous people who have worked at the museum include Teddy Roosevelt, Franz Boas, Margaret Mead, and Neil DeGrasse Tyson.


Janis Joplin

Janis Lyn Joplin (January 19, 1943 – October 4, 1970) was an American singer, songwriter, and music arranger, from Port Arthur, Texas. She rose to prominence in the late 1960s as the lead singer of Big Brother and the Holding Company, and later as a solo artist. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked Joplin #46 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time. Her vocal range was mezzo-soprano. 

She died in Los Angeles, California of an accidental overdose of heroin injections at the age of 28.


Ukulele

The ukulele ( from the Hawaiian ʻukulele, pronounced ) is a musical instrument with four strings. It is also called the "uke" for short. Ukuleles are part of the guitar family of instruments. The strings are usually tuned G, C, E, A or A, D, F, B. Ukuleles normally have nylon strings or gut strings. 

Ukuleles commonly come in four sizes: soprano, concert, tenor and baritone. Sopranino and bass ukuleles also exist. Sopraninos are tuned to standard tuning, however, baritone ukuleles are tuned to D, G, B, E (the top four strings of a guitar). Bass ukuleles are tuned E, A, D, G (bass guitar and double bass tuning).

The ukulele was invented in the 19th Century AD in Hawaii, where people got the idea from small guitar-like instruments known as cavaquinhos brought to the island by Portuguese sailors. 

Gary Glitter

Gary Glitter, born "Paul Francis Gadd", (born 8 May 1944 in Banbury, Oxfordshire) is a British former glam rock singer whose career ended in the late 1990s by criminal charges and convictions for child sexual abuse offenses. Glitter recorded a very popular song called "Rock and Roll, Parts 1 and 2", often known as "The Hey Song", which was frequently played at sporting events.

His mother was a cleaner who was unmarried and she raised him with the help of her mother and he knew his father and he was hard to control because of his antisocial behaviour along with his brother and he was taken with his brother into local authority care when he was 10 years old. Although a Protestant he went to a Roman Catholic school. He got in trouble at school as a child, he also often ran away and went to London to clubs where his glam rock career started and he started calling himself Paul Raven in 1960 when his glam rock career started and then Gary Glitter in 1971 which he is known as. He has become infamous after being convicted of possessing child pornography and of child sexual abuse. Glitter has also been investigated for claims of child abuse dating back to the 1950s, connecting to the activities of the child abuser Jimmy Savile. He was briefly married to Anne Merton with who he had a son called Paul and a daughter called Sarah but Glitter and Merton divorced. Later when he lived in Cuba he had a Cuban girlfriend called Yudenia Sosa Martinez with who he had another son in 2001 called Gary Glitter Jr. In the 1970s Giltter was also convicted of driving under the influence and had used drugs such as cocaine and had a drug overdose.

Glitter - who became a vegetarian and embraced Buddhism - lived in Cambodia until 2002 when he was extradited to Vietnam where he was sentenced to three years jail in early 2006 for child sex offences he committed in Vietnam but on appeal twice with his Vietnamese lawyer he was released in November 2008. He has since returned to the United Kingdom where the British Government has decided that he can't travel overseas and several countries around the world have banned him and he gave in his passport to the government officials as required. Gary Glitter was placed on the UK Sex Offender Registry for life as a registered sex offender showing his real name Paul Francis Gadd and his other name of Gary Glitter. He was also arrested in 2012 by police investigating complaints against Jimmy Savile and questioned and has been monitored by Police in an investigation code named Operation Yewtree and is one of the most hated people. Others arrested include Dave Lee Travis, Stuart Hall, Wilfred De'ath, Ted Beston, Jim Davidson, Freddie Starr, Max Clifford, Paul Gambaccini and Rolf Harris. In June 2014, Glitter was charged with eight child sex offences dating back to the 1970s. Glitter was sentenced to 16 years in prison in February 2015.

Rick Astley

Richard Paul Astley (born 6 February 1966) is a British singer, songwriter and musician. He was born in Great Sankey, Warrington, Lancashire, England and grew up in Newton-le-Willows, Merseyside. Astley has also lived in Richmond, London with his Danish wife, Lene Bausager, and their daughter, Emilie.

In 1985, Astley was a drummer with a soul band named FBI when Pete Waterman noticed him and persuaded him to come to London to work at the PWL recording studio.

His first single was the little-known "When You Gonna," released as a collaboration with Lisa Carter. His first solo offering was "Never Gonna Give You Up," released in 1987 which spent five weeks at the top of the British charts and becoming the year's highest-selling single. On 12 March 1988, "Never Gonna Give You Up" also topped the U.S. singles chart and was followed by a second U.S. #1 on 18 June with his second U.S. single release, "Together Forever." In 1989 he was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Artist of the Year. He lost to Tracy Chapman.

Much later, thanks to the rick rolling phenomenon and the persistent voting of the website 4chan, he was also nominated for the Best Act Ever Award 2008 at the Liverpool Music Awards.

In 2007 Rick Astley became the subject of a viral Internet meme in which an estimated 25 million Internet users were tricked into watching Rick Astley's video "Never Gonna Give You Up" by posting it under the name of other popular video titles. The practice is now known as Rickrolling. The phenomenon became so popular that on April 1, 2008, YouTube pranked its users by making every single featured video on the front page a Rickroll.

Canada Top data: for singles and albums from The Record magazine. US Top data: for singles from The Billboard Hot 100, for albums from The Billboard 200; UK Top data for singles and albums is from


Swallows and Amazons series

Swallows and Amazons is a series of children's books by the English writer Arthur Ransome. The series is named after the title of the first book in the series. The 12 books are about the adventures of groups of children during school holidays. Events mostly take place in England and Scotland between the World War I and World War II. The stories usually are about outdoor activities, especially camping, fishing and sailing.

The series remains popular today for its lovely, yet often realistic, depiction of childhood and the interplay between children's imagination and reality. It is part of the basis for a large tourist industry in the Lake District and Norfolk Broads areas of England, where many of the books are set. There are also several groups dedicated to the study and promotion of Ransome's work which are largely inspired by the series. The first was the Arthur Ransome Club in Japan. There is also the British-based group, The Arthur Ransome Society, which has an international membership.

The series begins with "Swallows and Amazons", published in 1930. It tells the story of the Walker children, who sail a dinghy (boat) named "Swallow", and the Blackett children, who sail a dinghy named "Amazon". The Walkers are staying at a farm near a lake during the school holidays; the Blacketts live in a house on the opposite shore. The children meet on an island on the lake, and have a series of adventures that weave imaginative tales of pirates and exploration into everyday life in inter-war, rural England.

Rick Astley discography

This article presents the discography of the pop singer Rick Astley.


Arthur Ransome

Arthur Michell Ransome (born 18 January 1884 in Leeds - died 3 June 1967) was an English writer and journalist. He is best known for writing the "Swallows and Amazons series" of children's books. 

Ransome was born in Leeds. His father was Professor of History there. His father's death in 1897 affected Ransome for a long time. He always tried to get past his belief that his father had did not think his abilities were very good.

Ransome got his formal education first in Windermere. He then studied at the Rugby School (where he lived in Lewis Carroll's study room). He did not fully like his time there because of his poor vision, lack of skills at sports, and limited achievement. He attended Yorkshire College, his father's college studying chemistry. After a year there, he stopped going to the college. He went to London to become a writer. He took low-paying jobs as an office assistant in a publishing company. He also worked as editor of a magazine, "Temple Bar Magazine", that was not making much money. During this time, he was writing and became a member of the literary scene of London.

Ransom's most well known book series, "Swallows and Amazons", tells the stories of school-holiday adventures of children. The stories are mostly set in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads. Many of the books involve sailing. Other common things are fishing and camping. The books are so popular that they give a basis of a tourist industry around Windermere and Coniston Water — the two lakes that Ransome used as the basis for his fictional North Country lake.

Never Gonna Give You Up

"Never Gonna Give You Up" is a dance-pop song originally made by Rick Astley. It was released as a single from Astley's multi-million selling debut album, "Whenever You Need Somebody", which was written and produced by Stock Aitken Waterman. The song was a worldwide number-one hit, initially in the singer's native United Kingdom in 1987, where it stayed at number one for five weeks and was the best-selling single of that year.

The music video for the song has become the basis for the "Rickrolling" internet meme.






Stanley Cup playoffs

The Stanley Cup playoffs are an elimination tournament in the National Hockey League.

To win the Stanley Cup, a team must win 16 playoff games, 4 in each of the 4 rounds. 

The playoffs have 4 rounds. Each round is a best-of-seven series. This means up to seven games are played until one team wins 4 of the games. The first three rounds decide which team from each conference will move on to the last round. The last round is called the Stanley Cup Finals. The winner of that set of games becomes the NHL and Stanley Cup winner. 

The first round of the playoffs is called the Conference Quarterfinals. There are four games in each conference. The winners of the first round advance to the second round. The third round is the Conference Finals. The two teams left in each conference (Eastern Conference and Western Conference) play each other. The conference champions advance to the Stanley Cup Finals.

For the first three rounds, the higher-seeded team has home-ice advantage. In the Stanley Cup Finals, it goes to the team with the better regular season record. The team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1, 2, 5 and 7, while the opponent hosts games 3, 4 and 6 (games 5–7 are played "if needed").

Unlike regular season games, which have an altered format for overtime games (3 skaters and a goalie per side), playoff games have regular squads (5 skaters and a goalie per side) and are all played as sudden death format.

Before the 1993–94 season, the style was completely different. The league was split into four divisions, and the best four teams in each of the divisions went to the playoffs. Also, instead of the top team playing the 8th place team in the conference, the first place team played the fourth place team in each division, and the second place team played the third place team. In the second round, the two winning teams in each division would face each other for the divisional championship. The divisional winners in each conference would play one another in the third round for the right to advance to the Stanley Cup Final. This style is still used for deciding the teams in the playoffs in the American Hockey League.

Deepak Chopra

Deepak Chopra (; born October 22, 1946) is an Indian adept of alternative medicine and writer. He has written about spirituality and topics in mind-body connections. Chopra says that he has been influenced by the teachings of Vedanta and the "Bhagavad Gita", as well as by Krishnamurti Jiddu, and by the field of quantum physics. However,he has no knowledge of quantum physics. The ideas Chopra promotes have regularly been criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.

Chopra has written more than 40 books. They range from spiritual and health topics; including bestsellers on aging, the "Seven Spiritual Laws of Success," the existence of God, arguments for the afterlife and world peace. He has also written novels and edited collections of spiritual poetry from India and Persia.





Prime Minister of Israel

The Prime Minister of Israel is the head of government and chief executive of Israel. The prime minister has the most powerful political job in the country and is usually the leader of the majority party or coalition in the Parliament of Israel. The current Prime Minister is Benjamin Netanyahu who took office again in December 2022.

As of , four former prime minister are alive:
The most recent prime minister to die was Shimon Peres, who died on September 28, 2016.

Abukuma River

The Abukuma River (阿武隈川, "Abukuma gawa" or "Abukumagawa") is a river in the Tōhoku region of Japan. It has a length of 234 kilometers. It is the second longest river in the Tōhoku region of Japan and is the 6th longest river in Japan. It rises from springs in the peaks of the Nasu Mountains. It collects water from tributaries leaving the Ōu Mountains and the Abukuma Highlands (阿武隈高地). Then, it empties out into the Pacific Ocean as a major river. It has a 5,390 km² area watershed. About 1.2 million people live along its basin.

Agano River

The Agano River ("Aganogawa") is a river which flows from Fukushima Prefecture to Niigata Prefecture in Japan. It is called the Aga River or the Ōkawa River in Fukushima. It is 210 km long with 7,710 km² watershed.

In 1927, the Agano River was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period.

In 1964, a chemical factory at Kanose village in Niigata Prefecture released methyl mercury into the river and this caused the Niigata Minamata disease.

Arakawa River

The Arakawa River () is one of the principal rivers flowing through Tokyo, the capital city of Japan. The point of origin is on Mount Kobushi in Saitama Prefecture, and the Arakawa empties into Tokyo Bay, spanning 173 kilometers. The drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers. The widest section of the river ranges 2,537 meters at around Gonari Bridge and ranks number one in the nation.

The Arakawa is a sister river with the Potomac River in the United States.


Chikugo River

The is called "Chikushijirō" as a nickname. This river flows through Kumamoto, Ōita, Fukuoka and Saga prefectures in Japan. It rises under the Mount Aso, is 143 km long and is the longest river of Kyūshū. It enters to the Ariake Bay.

The Replacements (band)

The Replacements were an American rock band. They began in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in 1979, and are best known for being early pioneers of alternative rock.

The Replacements became popular locally after playing live for the first time. This was because of Tommy Stinson's young age. He was still 13. He had learned to play bass guitar at 11 . Early shows were good but soon because impossible to control. The band became known for their rowdy, angry, and often drunken live shows. They often came up on stage too intoxicated to play.

They were banned permanently from "Saturday Night Live" after performing drunk before a national television audience on January 18, 1986. As one critic said, the band could quite often be "mouthing profanities into the camera, stumbling into each other, falling down, dropping their instruments, and generally behaving like the apathetic drunks they were."

The Replacements—when sober—got critical praise for their live shows. Part of the suspense of seeing the Replacements play, was that the audience never knew until the start of a concert if the band would be sober enough to play. It was not unusual for the group to play entire sets of cover versions, ranging anywhere from Bryan Adams's "Summer of '69" to Dusty Springfield's "The Look of Love" to Led Zeppelin's "Black Dog."


Fuji River

The flows from Yamanashi Prefecture to Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan. It is 128 km long and has a drainage area of 3990 km². With the Mogami River and the Kuma River, it is regarded as one of the three most rapid flows of Japan. This river is not well known by people over the world. It is near Mount Fuji.

In 1927, the Fuji River was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period.

Hino River

The is a major river in the western part of Tottori Prefecture. The river flows east-northeast for 1004m beginning from Mikuniyama in Nichinan in southern Tottori Prefecture. At Kofu, the river turns north-northwest before finally discharging into Miho Bay at Heizu near Yonago. Approximately 60,800 people use the water from the Hino River.

Jinzū River

The is a river which flows from Gifu Prefecture to Toyama Prefecture in Japan. It is called Miya River (宮川 "Miya-gawa") in Gifu. It is 120 km long and has a watershed of 2,720 km².

Uono River

The is a river in Niigata Prefecture in Japan. It flows into the Shinano River, which is the longest in Japan. It is a good river for sport fishing and maybe rafting but not for swimming.

Ibi River

The is a tributary of the Kiso River in Gifu and Mie Prefectures in Japan. Along with the Nagara and Kiso rivers, the Ibi is the third of the Kiso Three Rivers of the Nōbi Plain. It is one of Japan's first class rivers. The former Tōkaidō post station of Kuwana-juku was on the western banks of this river during the Edo period.

Steely Dan

Steely Dan is an American jazz rock band. The band was made by Donald Fagen and Walter Becker while they were students at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. They were active from 1971 to 1981. They reunited in 1993 to play their music live at concerts.

Seven studio albums were released from 1972 to 1980 and two more were released from 2003 to 2006 after a 23 year break. The band has sold more than 40 million albums across the world and was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in March 2001. Walter Becker died on September 3, 2017.

Becker and Fagen met in 1967 at Bard College. Fagen heard Becker practicing his electric guitar in a café, The Red Balloon, which Fagen liked and he asked Becker to join a band with him. They discovered that they enjoyed similar music and started writing songs together.

They began playing locally, mostly covers of popular music but also some songs which they wrote. The two moved to Brooklyn together after Fagen graduated. Kenny Vance found their music interesting which lead to them working on the soundtrack of a low-budget film for him. This was only for money. Several songs, some of which were later used on official albums, from this time are available through multiple unauthorized collections. The band saw little success during this period.

The band's first three studio albums were a resounding success and sold more than 2.5 million albums together. Countdown to Ecstasy preformed worse than the other two. This was because, according to Becker and Fagen, it was recorded while on tour. The singles Do It Again, Reelin' in the Years (both from "Can't Buy a Thrill"), and Rikki Don't Loose That Number (from "Pretzel Logic") were hits.

During this time, Becker and Fagen wanted to spend their time in the studio while other members wanted to continue touring. Due to this, members began to leave the band until only Becker and Fagen remained. From this point the 'band' consisted of only Becker and Fagen as constants and used many session musicians.

"Katy Lied" was a commercial success but both Becker and Fagen hated the album due to perceived poor audio quality. "The Royal Scam" and "Aja" are both 'platinum' and Aja is the band's highest charting album. A documentary was released of Aja's production. During this time, the band produced an original song, FM (No Static at All), for the film FM; the song succeeded while the movie itself failed badly.

The duo did not write songs for most of 1978 but returned to begin "Gaucho". The album faced many challenges in production. These include: an important track, "The Second Arrangement", being erased; MCA Records preventing Steely Dan from changing labels; Becker being sued for $17 million and negative attention following; Becker being hit and injured by a taxi; and the band being sued by Keith Jarret for copyright violation. Despite these things, the album released in 1980 to major success, also being 'platinum'.

After the release of "Gaucho", the band disbanded in June 1981 and remained apart until 1993. Fagen continued to make music, releasing "The Nightfly" in 1981 to great success. Becker moved to Maui, Hawaii and did some work as a producer on other's albums. Both preformed on Zazu, a 1986 album by Rosie Vela and produced by Steely Dan's former producer Gary Katz. In 1993, Becker produced Fagen's second solo album, "Kamakiriad".

In 1993 Becker and Fagen reunited to tour and promote Fagen's "Kamakiriad". Their touring band was much larger than their typical studio band. MCA released Citizen Steely Dan in 1994, a compilation containing the band's entire album discography and some non-album singles, a demo of "Everyone's Gone to the Movies", and a live recording of "Bodhisattva". The same year, Becker released his first solo album, "11 Tracks of Whack". In 1995, "Alive in America" was released, a compilation of live songs. They toured in the United States, Europe, and Japan during this time.

The band released their first studio album in twenty years, "Two Against Nature", in 2000. Also in this year, the band released the non-studio album "Plush TV Jazz-Rock Party". This album was the first by Steely Dan to win the Grammy's Album of the Year award. Notably, "Everything Must Go" featured less session musicians than the band normally would and the song "Slang of Ages" had Becker singing for the first time on a Steely Dan studio album.

For this time, the band released no new music and toured exclusively. Becker and Fagen both released solo music ("Circus Monkey", "Morph the Cat" and "Sunken Condos" respectively). Becker preformed his last show in May 27, 2017 before his death.

After the death of founding member and half of the band Walter Becker, Fagen continued to tour in order to "keep the music we [Walter and Fagen] created together alive as long as I [Fagen] can with the Steely Dan band." Fagen completed promised shows after Becker's death and continues to tour with the Steely Dan name.



Mastodon (band)

Mastodon is an American heavy metal band from Atlanta, Georgia. The band was formed in 2000. As of 2023, the band has made eight studio albums. In 2018, the band won a Grammy Award for the song "Sultan's Curse".

In 2002, the band made "Remission". This was their first album. Mastodon's second album, "Leviathan", was released in 2004. It is a concept album. It is based on "Moby-Dick" by Herman Melville.



Tony Chimel

Tony Chimel is an American former professional wrestling ring announcer. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he works as a producer. He is best known for his time with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) from 1983 to 2020, where he was a ring announcer (from 1989 to 2017) and part of the ring crew. Following his release from the WWE, Chimel took a job at a Trader Joe's store. He joined AEW in April 2023.


Latin alphabet in Turkic countries

The Latin alphabet in Turkic countries is the common alphabet officially used in most countries with Turkic languages. Turkic languages can also be written in Arabic, Persian and Cyrillic.

After World War I, many Turkic countries implemented a policy of westernization, centered even on the use of the Latin alphabet.
The first was Turkey in 1928, where Kemal Atatürk substituted the Arab alphabet with the Roman alphabet after ordering the end of the Ottoman Empire.

Soon all the Turkic-speaking countries of the Soviet Central Asia did the same and used the so-called "unified Turkish Latin alphabet" based on the one of Atatürk's Turkey, but during WWII, Stalin ordered a Russification process in his Soviet Union and the Latin alphabet was replaced again by the Cyrillic alphabet.

After the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, most of the newly independent Turkic Asian countries put back the Latin alphabet. There are small differences between each country's alphabet.


The Turkish alphabet used in Turkey, based on Latin capital and lower case letters, has 29 letters (but other countries like Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan have more letters). Unusual among languages that use the Latin alphabet, Turkish has both a dotted and dotless version of the letter "I".

Of these 29 letters in the Latin alphabet of Turkey, 8 are vowels (A, E, I, İ, O, Ö, U, Ü); the 21 others are consonants. The letters Q, W, and X of the English alphabet do not occur in this Turkish Latin alphabet, and, in fact, were once illegal in Turkey.

The Turkish alphabet used in other Turkic countries, like Kazakhstan, when using Latin alphabet like in the case of Qazaqsa, has some different letters.

For example, the Qazaqsa Latin alphabet has 38 letters:


Listeria

Listeria is a genus of bacteria with about ten species. It is named after Joseph Lister. "Listeria" are very common, they occur almost everywhere. Two of the ten species are pathogens: they can cause a disease called listeriosis in decaying food.

In 2011, 21 people died from listeriosis by eating cantaloupes from a Colorado farm. In 1998, hot dogs and possibly deli meats made by Bil Mar Foods, a subsidiary of Sara Lee Corp., also had listeria and killed 21 people. In 1985, listeria in Mexican-style soft cheese was linked to 52 deaths.

American Eagle Outfitters

American Eagle is a multinational clothing store based in the United States. Most people who buy clothing from American Eagle are teenagers and young adults. The store opened in 1977 and the headquarters is in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


American Eagle

American Eagle may mean:


Church of Scotland

The Church of Scotland is the national church of Scotland, established by law. It is Presbyterian. The Presbyterian Church of Scotland is distinguished from the Anglican Church in a number of ways. It does not have bishops or archbishops; nor is the British monarch its head. The leading minister is called the Moderator, who is the chair of the General Assembly for one year. Ministers of the Kirk, as it is called, may be called Rectors.

The established kirk has suffered schism (breaks), and this has given rise to the "Wee Frees": the Free Church of Scotland, and (a further schism) the Free Church of Scotland (continuing) (the Wee Wee Frees); and the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland (also, confusingly, called the Wee Wee Frees). 

The Scottish Presbyterian church was formed when it broke away from Rome in 1560. Its theology (beliefs) were based on the ideas of John Knox, a disciple of John Calvin. The free kirks tend to take the Bible more literally. 

About 10% of the people in Scotland are members of this church, but when asked in a census, 47% of people said this was their religion.

In 2023 there were around 4500 churches in Scotland, but fewer people going to services, so there were plans to save money by closing many of them.

In 1992, the Kirk's ruling body (the General Assembly) approved the following simple summary of its beliefs.

God's Invitation 

Malcolm Young

Malcolm Mitchell Young (6 January 1953 – 18 November 2017) was a Scottish-born Australian guitarist. He was the rhythm guitarist for the band AC/DC.

Young left AC/DC in April 2014 to receive treatment for dementia. In September 2014 the band's management announced that his departure would be permanent.

His brothers are George and Angus Young.

Young died on 18 November 2017 at the age of 64 at Lulworth House in Elizabeth Bay. Young's elder brother George Young died a few weeks earlier, on 22 October 2017.


A &amp; C Black

A & C Black is a British book publishing company.

The company was founded in 1807 by Adam and Charles Black in Edinburgh. It moved to the Soho district of London in 1889. In 1851, the company bought the copyright of Walter Scott's Waverley Novels for £27,000. In 1902, it published P. G. Wodehouse's first book, "The Pothunters".

People know the company best for being the publisher of the "Who's Who", printed every year since 1897 and also, since 2002, the Whitaker's Almanack.

A & C Black bought both Christopher Helm Publishers and later the Pica Press, which are publishers of the Helm Identification Guides, written by Christopher Helm.

The company is now part of Bloomsbury Publishing Plc. 


Lush

Lush was an English band. They were active from 1988 to 1996.

Disturbed

Disturbed is a rock band from Chicago, Illinois. They were formed in 1994 and have sold over 11 million albums in the United States alone and almost 20 million around the world. All of Disturbed's albums have been number one on the "Billboard 200". Four of their albums have been number one on their first week on the "Billboard 200".

Disturbed's original name was Brawl, and had a different singer. David Draiman joined Brawl, and changed the name to Disturbed. In 2000, Disturbed released their first CD, called "The Sickness". Since 2000, "The Sickness" has sold over 4 million copies in the United States. In 2002, Disturbed released a DVD called "M.O.L.". This has music videos and videos of the band while on tour. Later in 2002, Disturbed released another CD, called "Believe". After Disturbed finished a tour in 2003, they fired bassist, Steve Kmak. He was replaced with John Moyer. In 2005, Disturbed released another album called "Ten Thousand Fists". One of Disturbed's songs, "This Moment" was put in the movie "Transformers". In 2008, Disturbed released another album, called "Indestructible". Some of the songs from "Indestructible" were put on the video game "Rock Band".



Survivor (band)

Survivor is a hard rock band from Berwyn, Illinois. They were active from 1978 to 1989. They reunited in 1993. Their best-known single was "Eye of the Tiger", which was the theme song to the movie "Rocky III".

Herne Bay

Herne Bay is a small seaside town in Kent, South East England. It is about from London. The town has a population of about 35,000. It is near Canterbury, Whitstable and the historic villages of Herne and Reculver. Up until 1978, the town had the second-longest pier in the United Kingdom. However, in 1987 it was destroyed by a storm.

Murten

Murten (French: "Morat") is a city in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It is a historic city on the south side of Lake Morat. The name of the city first appears in 515 as "Muratum". The name is probably related to Celtic "Moridunum". This is made from "Mori" (lake), and "dunum" (castle, fortification). The city used to be part of the duchy of Burgundy. It got city rights in 1337.

Today, about 6,000 people live there. Almost all of the old parts of the city still exist. In 2000, about 77% of the people spoke German, 13% spoke French, and about 2% spoke Italian. About 19% of the people living there are foreigners.

On 1 January 1975 the former municipality of Burg bei Murten merged into the municipality of Murten. It was created on 1 January 1991 by the former municipality of Altavilla and on 1 January 2013 by the former municipality of Büchslen. On 1 January 2016 the former municipalities of Courlevon, Jeuss, Lurtigen and Salvenach merged into Murten. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Clavaleyres (Canton of Bern), Galmiz and Gempenach merged to form the municipality of Murten.


Herne

Herne may mean:


NOT gate

A NOT gate (also often called Inverter) is a logic gate. Each NOT gate has only one input signal. Logically with NOT gates, the input and the output swap, so if you input "1" it outputs as "0"; likewise if you input "0" it outputs as "1".The NOT gate negates the values of data or signal in its input. It will always output the opposite signal. Its main function is to interchange logic.

In the 20th century an inverter was often made of a discrete transistor with other components, or several inverters were packaged in an integrated circuit.

There are three symbols for the NOT gate:



Paul Breitner

Paul Breitner (born 5 September, 1951) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

285||93
84||10
369||103

!Total||48||10

Bobby Convey

Bobby Convey (born May 27, 1983) is an former American soccer player. He plays for San Jose Earthquakes.

Bruce Arena

Bruce Arena (born September 21, 1951) is a former American soccer player. He played for Tacoma Tides and the United States Men's national team. Arena graduated from Cornell University in 1973. He most recently served as the head coach and sporting director of the New England Revolution. 

!Total||1||0

Jimmy Glass

James Robert Glass (born 1 August 1973) is an English retired football player.

Miklós Fehér

Miklós Fehér is a former Hungarian football player. He has played for Hungary national team.

62||23
79||27
141||50

!Total||25||7

Åge Hareide

Åge Hareide is a former Norwegian football player. He has played for Norway national team.

165||31
64||2
229||33

!Total||50||5

Moussa Hojeij

Moussa Hojeij is a Lebanese football coach and former player. He played for the national team between 1998 and 2002. Currently he is the manager of Lebanese club Nejmeh.

Paul Mariner

Paul Mariner (22 May 1953 – 9 July 2021) was an English football player. He played for England national team from 1977 until 1985.

Mariner died on 9 July 2021 from brain cancer, aged 68.

!Total||35||13

Plymouth Argyle

Ipswich Town

Individual


Reculver

Reculver is a small coastal town in Kent, South East England near Herne Bay and a few miles north of Canterbury. Its main features are the ruins of a Roman fort, a ruined medieval church which is constantly threatened by coastal erosion.

Whitstable

Whiststable is a small seaside town in Kent, southeast England. It is a few miles north of Canterbury, near Herne Bay. The town is famous for its oysters which have been collected there since the Roman period.

Herne, Kent

Herne is a small historical village, near Herne Bay in Kent, South East England.

The hamlet of Bullockstone is about one mile to the west.

Pier

A pier is a raised walkway across water. It can be a simple light wooden structure which has no effect on the current and tides, or a major structure with buildings and as long as a mile out to sea. In the United States, these may be referred to as docks. A pier can be made of wood, concrete, or other materials.

CM Punk

Phillip Jack Brooks (born on October 26, 1978), better known by his ring name CM Punk, is an American professional wrestler, actor and retired mixed martial artist. He is currently signed with the WWE and works on their Raw brand. He became known for his time in Ring Of Honor from 2002 to 2006, his first run with the WWE, where he worked for them from 2005 until his abrupt walk-out from the company on January 27, 2014, and his time in All Elite Wrestling from 2021 to 2023. 

In WWE he is credited as being "one of the longest-reigning WWE Champions of the modern era" and held the championship for 434 days. He is also recognized as the seventh-longest reigning champion of all time. He was also a one-time ECW Champion, three-time World Heavyweight Champion, two-time WWE Champion, one-time World Tag Team Champion with Kofi Kingston, one-time Intercontinental Champion, Mr. Money in the Bank in 2008 and 2009 (the only wrestler to win the match twice), and won the Slammy Award for Superstar of the Year in 2011.

After he retired from professional wrestling, Punk signed a deal to fight with the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), and he began to pursue a career in mixed martial arts. He fought for them from 2015 to 2018. He returned to professional wrestling in 2021 by signing with All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he won the AEW World Championship twice, but was fired in September 2023 after backstage controversies. He returned to WWE two months later at Survivor Series.

As an actor, Punk starred in the horror films "Girl on the Third Floor", "Rabid" (both 2019), and "Jakob's Wife" (2021). He also had role in the wrestling drama series "Heels" (2021–2023). Punk also appears as a part-time color commentator for Cage Fury Fighting Championships. Punk is Straight edge and is an atheist.

Brooks started out wrestling in a backyard wrestling federation called the Lunatic Wrestling Federation along with his friends and his brother Mike Brooks in the mid-late 1990s and used the ring name CM Punk as a member of the Chick Magnets with his tag team partner CM Venom after another wrestler had skipped out on the card. He actually wanted to become a professional wrestler unlike his friends and thought of it more than just simple fun. Punk distanced himself from his brother Mike and has not spoke to him since after he found out that Mike was stealing thousands of dollars from the company.

He left LWF to be trained to become a professional wrestler by Ace Steel, Danny Dominion and Kevin Quinn at the "Steel Dominion" wrestling school in Chicago. He also competed at Steel Domain Wrestling in St. Paul, Minnesota and met Scott Colton, later known by the ring name Colt Cabana. Punk and Colton would later become best friends.

Punk began competing for the promotion Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South. He won the IWA Mid-South Light Heavyweight Championship 2 times and the IWA Mid-South Heavyweight Championship five time, defeating the likes of A.J. Styles, Colt Cabana and Eddie Guerrero. He feuded with wrestlers like Colt Cabana and Chris Hero. During his feud with Hero, they competed in a 55-minute TLC match, a 93-minute two out of three falls match, and many 60-minute time limit draws. During the feud with Cabana, Punk wrestled him in many different matches. The matches he had with Cabana would lead Punk to being hired by Ring of Honor. He chose not to compete for Mid-South anymore from February 2003 until May 2004 because he said that he was protesting the mistreatment of Chris Hero from Ian Rotten. Punk returned to the company and performed as both a wrestler and commentator. He stayed with the company until 2005 when he was signed by the World Wrestling Entertainment. His last match in the company was against Delirious which ended in a 60-minute time limit draw

On August 1, 2003, Punk joined the Japanese promotion Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE for the final day of their 2003 Fire Festival at Korakuen Hall. At the event, Punk teamed with C.W. Anderson, Josh Daniels, and Vansack Acid in losing effort against the team of Ikuto Hidaka, Jun Kasai, Naohiro Hoshikawa, and Tatsuhito Takaiwa.

In 2002, Punk joined Ring of Honor. He feuded with Raven and their feud was considered to be one of the best feuds of ROH in 2003. The feud was based around Punk's straight-edge lifestyle and him comparing Raven to his alcoholic father. Their feud ended when Punk defeated Raven in a steel cage match at "The Conclusion". During that time, Punk joined NWA Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and was a member of Raven's stable, The Gathering along with Julio Dinero.

Punk would begin to climb the ranks in ROH. He was able to come in second at the "Second Anniversary Show" during the tournament to crown the first ROH Pure Champion, losing to A.J. Styles in the finals. He also was able to win the ROH Tag Team Championship twice with Colt Cabana as a member of the Second City Saints. Both of their championship wins were against the Briscoe Brothers who they defeated. Around October 2003, Punk was hired to become the first head trainer at the Ring of Honor wrestling school.

On February 25, 2004, before a TNA show, Punk was involved in a physical fight with Teddy Hart outside of a restaurant which was broken up by Sabu. The scuffle was reportedly because of an ROH show where Hart performed three unplanned spots which put many other wrestlers in danger of injury. Around the time of the fight, Punk and Dinero had stopped showing up on TNA shows,which lead to speculation that he was fired because of the incident. Punk would say that the scuffle had nothing to do with his TNA career. He said that the reason he and Dinero had stopped showing up on TNA pay-per-views was because TNA officials believed that they did not connect with the fans as heels. Punk decided to quit TNA in March 2004 during the Rob Feinstein controversy, after he had an argument with the TNA offices over his ability to work for ROH after a TNA order that their contracted wrestlers were no longer allowed to wrestle in ROH.

When Punk returned to ROH, he wrestled ROH World Champion Samoa Joe for the championship in a three match series. The first match between the two was held on June 12, 2004 at "World Title Classic" in Dayton, Ohio. The match would end in a 60-minute time limit draw when neither Punk nor Joe were able to pin or cause the other to submit within the time limit given. The second match was supposed to be held on December 4, 2004 but because of Steve Corino being pulled from a match with Joe by Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE, it was rescheduled to be held on October 11, 2004 for October 16 in Punk's hometown of Chicago. At the event titled "Joe vs. Punk II" on October 16, Punk and Joe fought to another 60-minute time limit draw. "Joe vs. Punk II" became Ring of Honor's best-selling DVD at the time and the match between Punk and Joe was also given a five-star rating by Dave Meltzer's Wrestling Observer Newsletter. The series ended after Joe defeated Punk in their third and final match on December 4, 2004 at "All-Star Extravaganza 2" where there was no time limit.

Punk started in the WWE's developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling and debuted on September 8, 2005 in a six-man tag team dark match where he teamed with Nigel McGuinness and Paul Burchill in a losing effort to the team of Deuce Shade, Elijah Burke and Seth Skyfire. On November 9, 2005, Punk defeated Ken Doane to become the OVW Television Champion. Brent Albright was supposed to face Doane but lost his chance when Punk hit him with a steel chair. This led to Punk feuding with Albright. On January 4, 2006, Punk was involved in a Three-Way Dance match with both Doane and Albright. He lost the championship when Punk submitted to Albright's finishing move, the Crowbar. The feud ended on February 1, 2006 when a double turn occurred. Albright turned heel by allowing the Spirit Squad to beat Punk which turned Punk face. During John Cena's WrestleMania 22 entrance, Punk made a small appearance as a gangster and rode on the side of a 1930s era car to the ring.

Matt Cappotelli, the OVW Heavyweight Champion at the time, vacated the championship in February 2006 after he found out that he had a brain tumor. After Cappotelli vacated the title, OVW held a tournament to crown a new champion. Punk was able to reach the finals and faced Brent Albright. Albright defeated Punk in the finals to become the new champion. Punk and Albright feuded again and Punk was able to defeat Albright in a strap match on May 3, 2006 to become the champion. He also became one-half of the Southern Tag Team Champions when he teamed with Seth Skyfire and defeated Shad Gaspard and the Neighborhoodie at a house show on July 28, 2006. They lost the championships to Deuce Shade and "Domino" Cliff Compton on July 28, 2006 and Punk feuded with Skyfire. Skyfire was supposed to face Punk in a match for the OVW Heavyweight Championship but he was attacked before the match by Charles "The Hammer" Evans. Chet Jablonski replaced Skyfire in the match and defeated Punk to win the championship. After Punk lost the championship, he was called up to WWE's main roster full-time.

Punk debuted in the WWE on the ECW brand in a match against Justin Credible on August 01, 2006. He made his televised debut on the July 4 episode of "ECW on Sci Fi". During his debut, he cut a short pre-taped promo where he talked about his straight edge lifestyle. His first televised match was on August 1, 2006 at the Hammerstein Ballroom where he defeated Justin Credible. During his time there, he started a winning streak. He started a feud with Mike Knox over Knox's girlfriend, Kelly Kelly. Punk was able to qualify for the Extreme Elimination Chamber at December to Dismember after he defeated Knox in their first match. He competed in the Survivor Series match where he teamed with D-Generation X and the Hardy Boyz to defeat Rated-RKO (Edge and Randy Orton), Knox, Johnny Nitrp and Gregory Helms. During the Chamber match, Punk was the first person eliminated by Rob Van Dam.

He then began a feud with Hardcore Holly. On January 9, 2007, Holly was able to snap Punk's six-month unbeaten streak after he defeated him. When his feud with Holly was over, Punk started a feud with Matt Striker. Striker defeated Punk which gave Punk a second loss on his record. Punk defeated Johnny Nitro and earned a chance to compete in the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania 23. Punk didn't win the match though as it was won by Mr. Kennedy.

Punk turned heel by joining the New Breed alliance on the April 10, 2007 "ECW on Sci Fi". He turned face again two weeks later when he kicked the New Breed's leader Elijah Burke in the head and cost them a four on four elimination match. Punk delivered his finishing move, the Go To Sleep, to Burke and sarcastically apologized before he left the ring. Punk would defeat Burke in a singles match at Judgment Day and teamed with The ECW Originals (Tommy Dreamer and The Sandman) to defeat The New Breed (Elijah Burke, Matt Striker and Marcus Cor Von) in a six-man tag team tables match at One Night Stand.

When then-ECW Champion Bobby Lashley was drafted to "Raw", he was stripped of the championship and ECW held a tournament to decide the new champion. Punk defeated Marcus Cor Von on the June 19 episode of "ECW on Sci Fi". Punk was supposed to face Chris Benoit at next but Benoit legitimately no-showed the event after he killed his family and himself. He was replaced by Johnny Nitro and Nitro defeated Punk for the vacant championship.

Punk was able to challenge for the title again at The Great American Bash against Nitro (who changed his ring name to John Morrison at this point) but was again defeated by Morrison. Punk challenged Elijah Burke and Tommy Dreamer in a triple threat match. The match was to determine who the next competitor in Morrison's 15 Minutes of Fame Challenge, in which Punk won. Punk was able to defeat Morrison a week later for an ECW Championship title match at SummerSlam. Morrison defeated Punk at SummerSlam when Morrison used the ropes for a leverage pin.

During the September 1, 2007 (aired September 4) ECW taping, Punk was able to defeat Morrison in a "last chance" title match to win the ECW Championship. Punk successfully defended his championship against Elijah Burke at Unforgiven, Big Daddy V via disqualification at No Mercy, The Miz at Cyber Sunday, John Morrison on the November 6, 2007 episode of "ECW", and in a triple threat match against The Miz and John Morrison at Survivor Series. On the January 22, 2008 episode of ECW, Punk was defeated by Chavo Guerrero for the ECW Championship in a No Disqualification match after Edge ran in and speared Punk. At WrestleMania XXIV, he competed in the Money in the Bank ladder match and defeated Chris Jericho, Montel Vontavious Porter, Shelton Benjamin, John Morrison, Mr. Kennedy and Carlito.

On the June 23, 2008 episode of "Raw", Punk was drafted to the Raw brand during the 2008 WWE Draft. During his first night on "Raw", Batista beat down the World Heavyweight Champion Edge and left him lying in the ring. Punk then ran down the ramp to the ring with referee Mike Chioda. He then cashed in his Money in the Bank contract, hit Edge with the Go to Sleep and pinned him to become the new World Heavyweight Champion. Punk defended the title for the first time later in the night against JBL. Punk was able to hold the championship until Unforgiven on September 7, 2008. Before Punk was able to compete in the Championship Scramble match match, he was attacked by The Legacy (Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase with Manu). Orton ended the attack by punting Punk in the head. This led to Punk being unable to compete in the match and having to forfeit the title. In the match, Punk was replaced by Chris Jericho, who was able to win the match and the title. Punk had a rematch against Jericho eight days later on the September 15 episode of "Raw" but he was unable to regain the title in a steel cage match.

On the October 27, 2008 episode of "Raw", Punk and Kofi Kingston were able to defeat Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase to win the World Tag Team Championship. Punk and Kofi were also members of Team Batista at Survivor Series where they lost to Team Orton. After Survivor Series, Punk entered the number one contender Intercontinental Championship Tournament. Punk was able to defeat Snitsky and John Morrison in the first two rounds. On December 13, 2008, John Morrison and The Miz defeated Punk and Kingston for the World Tag Team Championship at a live event. Punk defeated Rey Mysterio the next day at Armageddon to win the tournament.

On the January 5 episode of "Raw", he received an Intercontinental Championship title match against William Regal. The match ended in a disqualification, when Regal grabbed the referee's shirt. Due to this, Stephanie McMahon gave Punk a rematch the next week. The rematch ended in a disqualification but this time it was Punk that got disqualified. He was awarded another rematch on the January 19 episode of "Raw" but this time it was a No Disqualification match. Punk was able to win the match and the championship. When he won the championship, Punk became the nineteenth Triple Crown Champion. He also became the person to accomplish the Triple Crown in the fastest amount of time, which broke Kevin Nash's old record. On the March 9 episode of "Raw", Punk was defeated for the championship by John "Bradshaw" Layfield. Punk was able to win the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania XXV and became the first person to win the match twice. At the 2009 WWE Draft on April 13, 2009, he was drafted from "Raw" to "SmackDown". He began a feud with Umaga because of Umaga's multiple surprise attacks when Punk was attempting to cash in his Money in the Bank Contract. The feud resulted in a Samoan strap match at Extreme Rules. The match was won by Punk.

When the pay-per-view was about to end, Punk ran down to the ring, cashed in his Money in the Bank contract and defeated Jeff Hardy to win the World Heavyweight Championship. On the June 15 episode of "Raw", Punk defended his championship in a Triple Threat match against Edge and Hardy. At The Bash, Punk lost to Hardy by disqualification when Punk kicked the referee after he was affected with a storyline eye injury and claimed that he could not see the referee, but because the titles do not change hands from disqualification, Punk retained the championship. When Hardy believed that Punk was faking his eye injury, he called him out on it. This led Punk to turn heel and said that he was the moral superior to fans of Hardy because of his drug-free lifestyle. Punk lost the championship to Hardy at Night of Champions. Punk and Hardy had a TLC match at SummerSlam where Punk won the championship back. After the match, Punk was attacked by The Undertaker. Punk's feud with Hardy ended on the August 28 episode of "Friday Night SmackDown" when Punk defeated Hardy in a steel cage match where the loser of the match would have to leave the company. The match earned a Slammy Award for "Shocker of the Year" in 2009.

At Breaking Point in Montreal, Punk competed in a submission match against The Undertaker. Punk defeated The Undertaker in the match to retain the World Heavyweight Championship. The Undertaker originally won the match with his Hell's Gate submission hold. The SmackDown general manager Theodore Long restarted the match after announcing that the ban that the former general manager Vickie Guerrero set on his move was still in effect. Punk won the match with the Anaconda Vise when the referee Scott Armstrong called for the bell even though the Undertaker did not submit (similar to the Montreal Screwjob which happened in the same arena in 1997). Punk was defeated by The Undertaker in a Hell in a Cell match for the World Heavyweight Championship at Hell in a Cell. Punk had a rematch against The Undertaker on "Smackdown" and had another rematch at Bragging Rights in a Fatal Four Way match which also involved Batista and Rey Mysterio but he lost both matches.

He changed his character in a more menacing direction on the November 27 episode of "SmackDown", when he revealed that he had converted Luke Gallows, who had the former gimmick of the mentally incompetent wrestler Festus, to the straight-edge lifestyle which had got rid of his mental problems. He continued to support his straight-edge philosophy, he began to present himself as a cult-like savior to the crowd. He also grew out the hair on his head, face and chest in an allusion to Jesus. Through the month of January, he began to convert planted members of the audience to the straight-edge lifestyle by making them take a pledge of allegiance to him and then shaving their head as a sign of renewal and devotion. After he converted multiple people who were not seen again, one of the converts Serena began accompanying Punk and Gallows and they later formed the Straight Edge Society. While leading the stable, he was also the mentor of "WWE NXT" rookie Darren Young. At one point, Young was going to join the Straight Edge Society but he chose not to join before he was about to have his head shaved.

Punk would occasionally give sermons and even gave sermon while competing in both the Royal Rumble and Elimination Chamber matches. During the Chamber match, Punk was eliminated by Rey Mysterio, who he was feuding with going into the PPV. This raised tensions between the two as Mysterio prevented him from winning a Money in the Bank qualifying match which then lead to Punk interrupting Mysterio's celebration of his daughter's ninth birthday and singing his own version of "Happy Birthday to You" to her. Mysterio challenged Punk to a Street Fight at WrestleMania XXVI but he lost to Gallows. A stipulation was added by Punk that if Mysterio lost, he would have to join the Society. Mysterio defeated Punk at WrestleMania and a rematch took place at Extreme Rules where if Punk lost, he would have to have his head shaved like his disciples. Punk was able to win the match after outside interference from a fourth member of the Society who kept his face covered. A third and final match was held at Over The Limit with both of the previous stipulations put on. At the event, Punk was defeated by Mysterio and had his head shaved bald.

Punk felt embarrassed by having his head shaved and he considered himself to be always pure unlike his followers, Punk appeared under a mask to cover his bald head on the May 29 episode of "SmackDown". At Fatal 4-Way, Punk challenged for the World Heavyweight Championship against Mysterio, The Big Show and the champion Jack Swagger but lost when Kane attacked Punk after Kane accused Punk of being the person who attacked The Undertaker. Punk was unmasked by Big Show on the July 16 episode of "SmackDown" while Punk was healing from an arm injury. On the July 23 episode of "SmackDown", Big Show unmasked the fourth member of the Straight Edge Society and it was revealed to be Joey Mercury. This incident led to a handicap match at SummerSlam. In the match, Big Show defeated the Straight Edge Society when Punk abandoned them. Punk was defeated in a singles match against Big Show at Night of Champions. A little while after, Serena was released from her WWE contract after she reportedly did not "live out" her straight edge persona in public. Mercury had also suffered an injury which caused the group to shorten. Gallows showed signs of dissent and Punk defeated Gallows in a match on the September 24 episode of "SmackDown". The ended the group.
Punk was traded back to "Raw" when he was swapped with Edge. Punk competed in an interbrand tag team match at Bragging Rights after he injured Evan Bourne to take his place, but the team lost. It was later reported that Punk had been suffering from a hip injury and he would need to stop competing for a while. To stay on television, Punk appeared and began commentating on "Raw" starting on November 22. During his commentary time, Punk showed favor toward heels and criticized John Cena because of his actions with The Nexus. Punk left commentary after he attacked John Cena with a chair on both "Raw" and "SmackDown". Punk revealed that he had joined The Nexus and this was the reason that he had attacked Cena. Punk would command the group to attack Randy Orton and blamed him for Punk's first World Heavyweight Championship reign in 2008 ending. The incident led to a match at WrestleMania XXVII where Orton defeated Punk. They also had a Last Man Standing match with The New Nexus barred from ringside at Extreme Rules which Punk also lost.

Within a week, Punk went on to defeat John Cena on "Raw", Rey Mysterio at Capitol Punishment and Alberto Del Rio in a number one contendership match. Punk would then reveal that his contract with the WWE would expire at Money in the Bank and promised that he would leave the company with the WWE Championship; some of his speeches and mannerisms were very similar to his final months with Ring of Honor. After Punk made a scathing on-air speech about the way that the WWE is run and about its owner Vince McMahon, he was suspended (storyline) from televised WWE events but he was brought back the following week after John Cena insisted. When Punk returned, he didn't appear with the other members of Nexus and the stable was quietly dissolved. This helped Punk turn back into a fan-favorite. Punk would go on to defeat John Cena at Money in the Bank to become the WWE Champion during his final night under a WWE contract.

On July 21, he made a surprise appearance at a joint WWE-Mattel panel at the San Diego Comic Con. During his appearance, Punk mocked the Chief Operating Officer Triple H and also offered a match to the WWE Championship tournament finalist Rey Mysterio as long as the match took place in Punk's hometown of Chicago. The WWE Championship tournament was won by Mysterio on the July 25 episode of "Raw" but he lost to Cena later in the night. When Cena won, Punk returned to upstage Cena's WWE Championship victory celebration which lead to a title dispute. Triple H later supported the fact that both Punk and Cena's claims as the WWE Championship as legitimate and he scheduled a match between the two at SummerSlam to decide who would become the undisputed WWE Champion. At SummerSlam, Punk was able to win the match but he lost the championship shortly after when Kevin Nash attacked Punk and Alberto Del Rio cashed in his Money in the Bank contract. On "Raw" the next night, Punk accused Nash of working with Triple H to try and keep Punk away from the WWE Championship. After many confrontations between the two, Punk and Nash demanded that they face each other at Night of Champions and Triple H agreed. Triple H would later change the match and would book himself to replace Nash instead after Punk continued to verbally attack him and his wife Stephanie McMahon.

Punk was defeated by Triple H in a No Disqualification match after The Miz, and R-Truth attacked both of them. At Hell in a Cell, Punk competed in a Triple threat Hell in a Cell match against Alberto Del Rio and John Cena but he was defeated. After the match, Punk was again attacked by The Miz and R-Truth. At Vengeance, Punk teamed up with Triple H in a match against The Miz and R-Truth but they lost after Nash attacked Triple H. The loss helped switch Punk's anti-establishment voice from Triple H over to John Laurinaitis, who became the interim Raw general manager. Punk didn't like the promotion that Laurinaitis received and called him a boring yes man.

On October 31, Punk forced his way into a match against Del Rio at Survivor Series. In the match, Punk defeated Del Rio to win back the WWE Championship. He defended the championship throughout the year, defeating Del Rio in a rematch on the November 28 episode of "Raw" as well as defeating both Del Rio and The Miz in a triple threat TLC match at . On the December 26 episode of "Raw", Punk was defeated in a gauntlet match by Dolph Ziggler which made Ziggler become the number one contender for the WWE Championship. If Punk was able to win the gauntlet match, he would have earned the right to face Laurinaitis in a match. On the January 2 episode of "Raw", Punk was defeated by Ziggler via countout after Laurinaitis interfered in the match. Throughout January, Laurinaitis would continue to mess up Punk's matches and cause him to lose to Ziggler. This eventually led to Punk attacking Laurinaitis. Punk defeated Ziggler in a match at Royal Rumble to retain his championship even with Laurinaitis acting as the outside enforcer.

On the January 30 episode of "Raw", entered a feud with Chris Jericho after Jericho attacked Punk and Daniel Bryan during their Champion vs. Champion match which helped Bryan gain the win. On the February 6 episode of "Raw", Jericho explained why he attacked Punk, saying that the WWE roster were imitations of himself and he singled out Punk for claiming that he was the best in the world, a moniker that Jericho had used during the last time that he was in WWE. Punk competed in an Elimination Chamber match at Elimination Chamber. The match also featured Jericho who Punk kicked out of the chamber and suffered a short lasting injury. Punk was able to win the match and retain his championship. On the February 20 episode of "Raw", Jericho won a 10-Man No. 1 Contender's Battle Royal and earned a match against Punk for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXVIII. To try and gain a psychological edge, Jericho revealed that Punk's father was an alcoholic and also alleged that Punk's sister was a drug addict. Jericho said that Punk's straight edge philosophy was so that he would not end up falling into the same vices and promised that he would make Punk turn to alcohol by defeating him and winning the championship from him. A stipulation was added to the match by John Laurinaitis that if Punk was disqualified, he would have lost the championship. Jericho would then try to get Punk to use a weapon which Punk refused to do. Punk was able to defeat Jericho and retain his championship at WrestleMania XXVIII. On both the April 2 and 9 episodes of "Raw SuperShow", Punk was able to retain his championship against Mark Henry after he lost to him via count-out and disqualification. After both of the matches, Jericho would attack Punk and pour alcohol on him. On the April 16 episode of "Raw SuperShow", Punk was able to pin Henry in a no disqualification, no countout match to retain his title. The feud ended at Extreme Rules when Punk was able to retain his championship by defeating Jericho in a Chicago Street Fight.

Punk would go to feud with Daniel Bryan starting at Over the Limit when Punk was able to retain his championship after he reversed Bryan's finishing submission hold, the "Yes!" Lock, into a pinning combination. The replay, however, would show that Punk had visibly tapped out moments after the match finished. On the "SmackDown" before the pay-per-view, Bryan would interfere in the non-title match between Punk and Kane to attempt to frame Punk for attacking Kane with a steel chair, which started a three-way rivalry. On the June 1 episode of "SmackDown", a match between Punk and Kane took place for the WWE Championship but it ended in a double disqualification after Bryan ran in and attacked both men. Bryan's ex-girlfriend AJ would turn her affections towards both Punk and Kane. The feud ended when Punk was able to defeat Bryan and Kane in a triple threat match at No Way Out after AJ distracted Kane. Punk was able to defeat Bryan to retain the championship in a No Disqualification match with AJ as the special guest referee at Money in the Bank.

On July 23 episode of "Raw" named "Raw 1000", Punk faced the Money in the Bank winner John Cena and was able to defend his WWE championship but lost the match after Big Show interfered and attack Cena. After the night's special guest The Rock tried to help Cena, Punk would attack him and turn heel. On the next "Raw", Punk would explain that he attacked The Rock because he was tired of being overshadowed by people like Cena and Rock when the main focus of the company should be on the WWE Champion. Punk would attack both Cena and Big Show during their number one contender's match later on in the night. As a result of this, both Cena and Show were put into a title match against Punk at SummerSlam. At SummerSlam, Punk successfully defended his championship against them in a triple threat match. During the following weeks, Punk would demand respect from people like AJ Lee, Jerry Lawler and Bret Hart. He would eventually be managed by Paul Heyman during Punk's feud with Cena. Punk would face Cena to a draw at Night of Champions. Even though Cena was suffering from an arm injury, they continued to feud. Punk would reject Mick Foley and Jim Ross to pick him as his Hell in a Cell opponent and lead to Punk fighting with WWE chairman Vince McMahon. After Cena's injury made him unable to wrestle at Hell in a Cell, he was replaced by Ryback. At Hell in a Cell, Punk was able to defeat Ryback and retain his championship after referee Brad Maddox hit Ryback with a low-blow.

On "Raw" the next night, an angry Mick Foley confronted Punk for not picking John Cena as his Hell in a Cell opponent. Foley and Punk then agreed to face each other in the traditional five-on-five elimination tag team at Survivor Series. Punk would chose Alberto Del Rio, Cody Rhodes, Damien Sandow, and The Miz to be on his team but Punk was later replaced as team captain by Dolph Ziggler after Mr. McMahon booked him in a Triple Threat WWE Championship match against John Cena and Ryback instead. At the pay-per-view, Punk defeated Cena and Ryback after interference from the debuting stable called The Shield (Dean Ambrose, Seth Rollins, and Roman Reigns) which allowed him to retain his WWE Championship. He would hold the championship for a full year. On December 4, Punk underwent surgery for a partially torn meniscus which removed him from his title match against Ryback at . Even though Punk was injured, he became the longest reigning WWE Champion in the past 25 years on December 5, after he reached 381 days which passed John Cena's 380-day reign. Punk returned to in-ring action on the January 7, 2013 episode of "Raw" where he defeated Ryback in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match, following interference from The Shield to retain his championship.

Punk defended his WWE Championship against The Rock at the Royal Rumble on January 27, 2013. A stipulation was added to the match where if The Shield interfered, then Punk would be stripped of the title. Punk had originally pinned The Rock to retain his championship after The Shield attacked and put The Rock through a table while the arena lights were out. Vince McMahon came out to the entrance ramp and started to announce that Punk would be stripped of the championship, but he instead restarted the match at The Rock's request. Punk ended up losing the match, ending his record-setting reign at 434 days. Punk would receive a rematch for the championship on February 17 at the Elimination Chamber, with the stipulation that if The Rock was disqualified or counted out, he would lose the WWE Championship. Rock was able to pin and defeat Punk in the match to retain the championship. On the February 25 episode of "Raw", Punk faced off against Royal Rumble winner John Cena for his number one contendership to the WWE Championship, but was defeated.

On January 26, 2014, Punk was the first entrant in the Royal Rumble match. After he was able to last in the match until the final four, Kane, who was already eliminated earlier in by Punk, eliminated Punk from the outside and then chokeslammed him through the announcer's table.

The night after the Royal Rumble, Punk did not show up "Raw" or on the "SmackDown" tapings on Tuesday in Toledo, Ohio even though he was advertised. It was reported by the Wrestling Observer that, on Monday before Raw, Punk legitimately walked out of the company after he told both Vince McMahon and Triple H that he was "going home". On February 20, McMahon said that Punk was "taking a sabbatical" during a conference call to investors. After weeks of hearing the crowd chant for CM Punk at various WWE events, the company decided to make its first comments on the status of Punk on the March 3, 2014 episode of "Raw" in Punk's hometown of Chicago. When the show started, they played Punk's entrance music "Cult of Personality" and his old manager Paul Heyman came out instead. Heyman said that Punk was not at "Raw" and blamed the crowd. He also blamed the Undertaker for Punk's split from Heyman. On July 15, 2014, WWE moved Punk's profile from the active roster to their alumni page without them releasing a statement. On the same day, Punk thanked his fans without mentioning WWE on Twitter. In late July, Punk said that he was "never ever" going to return to wrestling.

On November 26, 2014, Punk appeared on his friend Colt Cabana's "Art of Wrestling" podcast. During the podcast, Punk decided to break his silence on his decision on leaving the WWE. Punk said the WWE had suspended him for two months after he walked out in January, and that he was fired by the company months later on his wedding day in June 2014. He said that them firing him on his wedding day was the last straw and he said that he would never return to the WWE. He also said that after a legal settlement with WWE, there would not be a further working relationship between them. The settlement that was reached included Punk giving the company permission to sell the rest of his remaining merchandise. Punk said that the main reason he left the WWE was because of his health problems. Punk said that during his last months with the company, he was working through an untreated and possibly fatal MRSA infection, broken ribs, injured knees, multiple concussions which included one at the Royal Rumble when Kofi Kingston kicked him, as well as having lost his appetite and ability to sleep well. He felt that the company had been pressuring and rushing him to wrestle before he was fully healed. Punk also noted that he was unhappy with his failure to main event a WrestleMania (saying that his entire career was a failure as a result), him being paid less than the other top wrestlers on the card for WrestleMania 29, being "creatively stifled" and him having the feeling that there were no long-term plans for wrestlers other than John Cena, as well as receiving smaller paychecks and not getting answers as to how the WWE Network would effect the salaries of the wrestlers. Punk ended with saying that he has "zero passion" left for wrestling.

Not even a week later, Vince McMahon appeared on Stone Cold Steve Austin's podcast "The Steve Austin Show". During the podcast, Stone Cold asked McMahon if he wanted to speak about CM Punk. McMahon apologized to Punk for the way that his firing happened, which he claimed was a "coincidence" while he blaming the lack of communication in the organization. McMahon also said that he would like to work with Punk again. Punk would appear on Cabana's "Art of Wrestling" podcast again. During the podcast, Punk said that he did not accept McMahon's apology, saying that it was insincere and a "publicity stunt" as McMahon had not contacted him directly to apologize and that he could have apologized earlier.

CM Punk debuted for All Elite Wrestling on August 20, 2021 at AEW Rampage: The First Dance, after seven years away from professional wrestling. He made his in ring return September 5th, 2021 against Darby Allin at All Out in Chicago, Illinois. After feuds with Eddie Kingston and Maxwell Jacob Friedman (MJF), Punk would go on to win the AEW World Championship from Adam Page at Double or Nothing on May 29, 2022. He lost it to Jon Moxley on August 24 on "Dynamite" but won it back from him on September 4 at All Out. However, after the event, some backstage tension lead to Punk being suspended. He then returned in June 2023 for another run with the company until August 2023 before having another altercation backstage that again, resulting in him being suspended which then eventually lead to his firing. On September 2, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that CM Punk was officially fired from AEW and not long after, rumors about him returning to WWE began emerging.

On November 25, following the closing WarGames match of Survivor Series: War Games, held at Punk’s hometown of Chicago, Illinois, which concluded in a victory by Cody Rhodes, Seth Rollins, Jey Uso, Sami Zayn, and the returning Randy Orton against The Judgment Day (Damian Priest, Finn Bálor, "Dirty" Dominik Mysterio and JD McDonagh) and Drew McIntyre, CM Punk returned to the company after 9 years (excluding his appearances on "WWE Backstage" in 2019/2020 under Fox contract). This was a shock to many, thinking that Punk was not going to show up since it was the last match of the night, along with the fact that CM Punk has publicly criticized WWE’s treatment of him and stating multiple times that he would “never ever” go back to the company. Seth Rollins, however, reacted aggressively towards this, which led to many fans believing that a storyline between him and CM Punk is cooking. After making appearances on "Raw" two nights later, the "Tribute to the Troops" special episode of "SmackDown", and at NXT Deadline, he signed with the Raw brand on the December 11 episode of "Raw". He was subsequently confronted by Rollins, teasing a future match, and officially announced his entry into the 2024 Royal Rumble match. At the event on January 27, Punk entered at number 27 during the Royal Rumble match, his first match on WWE TV since 2014. He was the last man eliminated in the match by winner Cody Rhodes. During the match, Punk injured his right tricep, making him unable to compete at WrestleMania XL, which he confirmed in a promo two days later on "Raw".

On December 6, 2014, during UFC 181, Punk along with Joe Rogan announced that he had signed a multi-fight deal with Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) to fight in either their middleweight or welterweight division. UFC President Dana White said that Punk would most likely debut against another fighter at or near his experience level. His first fight is expected to be sometime in 2016.

CM Punk retired from mixed martial arts in December of 2020, notifying the UFC of his retirement and to withdraw him from the USADA testing pool.

CM Punk is married to AJ Lee. They were married on June 13, 2014. He has previously dated professional wrestlers Shannon Spruill, Tracy Brookshaw, Maria Kanellis, and Amy Dumas.

Punk is a fan of the Chicago Blackhawks and the Chicago Cubs. He wore a Blackhawks jersey and cut a promo during his return to Chicago. He also attended Blackhawks playoff games.

He is a fan of comics which he collects and reads. He wrote the introduction to Marvel Comics' "Avengers vs. X-Men". Punk wrote the Marvel comic "Thor Annual #1", which is set to be released sometime in February 2015.





Charlie Haas

Charles Doyle "Charlie" Haas II (born March 27, 1972) is an American professional and former amateur wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2000 to 2009 and Ring of Honor (ROH) from 2010 to 2013. In WWE he was a member of Team Angle, which later became a Tag Team duo with Shelton Benjamin known as "The World's Greatest Tag Team". He his a three-time WWE Tag Team Champion and a two-time ROH World Tag Team Champion.


Impossible object

An impossible object is a kind of optical illusion. Impossible objects are also known as undecidable figures. In this kind of illusion, a person looks at a two-dimensional picture. The vision center of the brain does much of its work subconsciously and automatically. It interprets the figure as a three-dimensional object.

The viewer usually knows such an object is impossible soon after looking at the figure. However, the impression of a 3D figure may still remain even when the viewer knows it is impossible in reality.

Some of these figures are more subtle. In these cases it is not obvious that they are impossible right away. The viewer carefully needs to look at the geometry of the object to find out that it is indeed impossible.

"Impossible objects" are of interest to psychologists, mathematicians and artists.

Swedish artist Oscar Reutersvärd was the first person to draw many impossible objects. He has been called "the father of impossible figures". In 1934, he drew the Penrose triangle, some years before the Penroses. The way Reutersvärd drew it, the sides of the triangle are broken up into cubes.

In 1956, British psychiatrist Lionel Penrose and his son, mathematician Roger Penrose, submitted a short article to the British Journal of Psychology titled "Impossible objects: a special type of visual illusion". This was illustrated with the Penrose Triangle and Penrose stairs. The article referenced Escher, whose work had sparked their interest in the subject, but not Reutersvärd, whom they were unaware of. The article was only published in 1958.

From the 1930s onwards Dutch artist M.C. Escher produced many drawings with paradoxes of perspective. In 1957 he produced his first drawing containing a true impossible object: "Cube with Magic Ribbons". He produced many other drawings of impossible objects, sometimes with the entire drawing being an undecidable figure. His work did much to draw the attention of the public to impossible objects. Some artists of the time are also experimenting with impossible figures, for example, Jos de Mey, Shigeo Fukuda, Sandro del Prete, István Orosz (Utisz), Guido Moretti, Tamás F. Farkas and Mathieu Hamaekers.





Van Halen

Van Halen was a hard rock group from Pasadena, California. They were formed in 1972. Guitarist Eddie Van Halen's style of playing changed the guitar world. He used lots of new techniques such as shredding and tapping. They made history with their first self-titled debut album in 1978, producing 4 major hits. The band released twelve studio albums, which have sold 80 million records worldwide.

Eddie Van Halen died on October 6, 2020, from cancer. His son, bass guitarist Wolfgang Van Halen, confirmed that the band had broken up.

Van Halen's influences include Cream, Alice Cooper, Black Oak Arkansas, Deep Purple, Grand Funk Railroad, Jimi Hendrix, The Kinks, Vanilla Fudge, AC/DC, Frank Zappa, Kiss, Queen, Led Zeppelin, Bad Company, Black Sabbath, Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, The Dave Clark Five, The Who, ZZ Top, Aerosmith, Golden Earring and Montrose.

Alliance for the Future of Austria

The Alliance for the Future of Austria (, shortenend to BZÖ) is a political party in Austria that was led by Jörg Haider until he died in October 2008. The current leader is Josef Bucher.

The BZÖ describes itself as "ideologiefrei, aber zukunftsorientiert und wertebewusst" (free from ideology, but forward-looking and conscious of traditional values). Some of its policies, however, are quite different from those of the Freedom Party.
They include:

Although the party was often designated as a far-right like the Freedom Party, the Alliance for the Future of Austria differs somewhat. Justic Minister Karin Gastinger a former party member of the Alliance for the Future of Austria, wanted gay and lesbian couples to be able to sign a registry and get rights to partners' estates and medical care as she told the Austrian Press Agency in 2005.

FPÖ and BZÖ are both Eurosceptic parties and in the 2006 general election, the Freedom Party as well as the Alliance for the Future of Austria both claimed they would decrease immigration and opposed Turkish membership in the European Union.

In the Austrian legislative election 2008 campaign, the ÖVP saw the lowering of brokerage commissions and the charges for arrears letters of debt collection agencies and winter fuel payments for lower-income households as appropriate economic recovery measures and the Greens sought to facilitate the changeover to renewable energy in order to reduce energy prices.

The SPÖ proposes a stricter controlling of prices in addition to the reduction of brokerage commissions. Both the Alliance for the Future of Austria and the Freedom Party see the main problem in the rising fuel prices; the FPÖ demands a ceiling price for fuel, while the BZÖ in addition wants to reduce taxes on fuels.
However the Alliace for the Future of Austria even announced the people's initiative "Preisstop jetzt!" calling for a stop to rising prices to be held; however, due to the necessary timeframe, the period during which people will be able to sign for the initiative will only start after the election, thus limiting its potential impact.

SPÖ, ÖVP and the Greens ratified the Treaty of Lisbon in parliament without a referendum, and only FPÖ and the Alliance for the Future of Austria did not sign. But afterwards the SPÖ stated that for future treaties of the European Union referendums should be held to let the people decide like in Ireland (where they had a referendum). Due to SPÖ's position change on the EU not only the two opposition parties are using the possibility of EU-referendums before a ratification as subject now. The ÖVP and the Greens are against any referendums on the Lisbon Treaty, SPÖ demands there should be referendums on future treaties of the European Union, the FPÖ is for a referendum for the Lisbon Treaty, and even want a referendum for EU-Withdrawal. However the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as they are for a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but not, for an EU-Withdrawal.

Due to help of the former FPÖ and till then BZÖ party-leader and Carinthian LH (LH stands for "Landeshauptmann", simply like Gov. for Governor) Dr. Jörg Haider the party achieved 10.7% in the 2008 elections and gained 21 representatives, so that the BZÖ is currently the 4th strongest Party in the Austrian Parliament just after SPÖ,ÖVP and FPÖ
and before "Die Grünen" (the Greens).

It currently holds 16 seats.
On 2 May 2010 the party became a new programm, and the rectlange orange colored logo was first used on the annual hold new year's convention, which took place in Velden in Carinthia of the year 2011.

In December 2009 the Carinthian BZÖ branch which was Haiders stronghold lost about 5000 members and the governor of Carinthia (although the party won the state election in 2009)to the split of party FPK (The Freedomites in Carinthia).
It now has 800 party members and 4 MPs (Members of parliament) in Carinthia.
Also a new website for the BZÖ Kärnten was set up and is available prior too March 2012.

However opinion polls (polling between 2 and 23 per cent) have shown good chances for a return of the Carinthian branch of the Alliance for the Future of Austria into Carinthian State Diet.
In 2011 the party began an autumn posting campaign and quoted the bible "Denn sie wissen nicht was sie tun.",
eng.: "They know not what they do!" (Lukas 23,34),
for criticising SPÖ, ÖVP and the EU "bosses".
This caused a little scandal whether politics and religion should be separated or not.
In total the party has 8000 members therefore having more than the Greens and less than the Freedom Party.

Idealism

Idealism is the philosophy that believes the ultimate nature of reality is ideal, or based upon ideas, values, or essences. The external, or real world cannot be separated from consciousness, perception, mind, intellect and reason in the sense of science. The word comes from the Greek word ἰδέα. 

In some doctrines of idealistic thought "the ideal" relates to direct and immediate knowledge of subjective mental ideas, or images. 

Empiricism

In philosophy, empiricism is a theory that states that all knowledge comes from experience. 

'Experience' is sometimes translated as 'sense data', i.e. we cannot know anything except by information which comes through our senses.

The British philosophers John Locke, George Berkeley and David Hume, clarified some of its basic ideas in the 17th and 18th century, building on the ideas of classical philosopher Aristotle. 

Empiricism is one of several competing views about how we know things, part of the branch of philosophy called epistemology, or "study of knowledge". Materialism and physicalism share some of attitudes of empiricism.


Stoicism

Stoicism was a school of Hellenistic philosophy. It was founded in Athens by Zeno of Citium in the early third century BC. It concerns the active relationship between cosmic determinism and human freedom. This philosophy claims that it is virtuous to maintain a will (a determination, "prohairesis") which is in accord with nature. 

Stoic doctrine was popular in Greece and the Roman Empire from its founding until all the schools of philosophy were ordered closed in 529 AD by the Emperor Justinian I, who thought their pagan character was at odds with his Christian faith.


William Godwin

William Godwin (3 March 1756 – 7 April 1836) was an English journalist, political philosopher and novelist. He is considered one of the first exponents of utilitarianism, and one of the first modern proponents of philosophical anarchism. Godwin is famous for two books that he published within the space of a year: "An Enquiry Concerning Political Justice", an attack on political institutions, and "Things as They Are or The Adventures of Caleb Williams", which attacks aristocratic privilege, but also is virtually the first mystery novel. He was also married to Mary Wollstonecraft, with whom he had two children.


Rose garden

A Rose garden or Rosarium is a garden or park, often open to the public, in which roses are grown. While some rose gardens have only a decorative purpose, most of them are used to present and grow various types of roses.

The first known rose garden was planted by French empress Joséphine de Beauharnais in Malmaison. When she died, in 1814, the garden had around 250 types of garden roses. Another old rose garden is the Rosenhöhe Park in Darmstadt, Germany created in 1810 by Princess Wilhelmine of Baden

Growing roses for commercial purposes started in the 19th century. The important rose gardens created for commercial rose breeding were:



Peter Kropotkin

Prince Peter (Pyotr) Alexeyevich Kropotkin () (9 December 1842 - 8 February 1921) was a Russian anarchist, philosopher, revolutionary, scientist, geographer, and one of the first advocates of anarcho-communism.
Kropotkin was born on December 9, 1842 in Moscow, Russia. His father, Aleksey Petrovich Kropotkin was a prince of the Rurik Dynasty. His father owned large amounts of land and over 1000 serfs. His mother, Yekaterina Nikolaevna Sulima was the daughter of a Cossack general. In 1846, Kropotkin's mother died of tuberculosis. Two years after, Kropotkin's father married a woman named Yelizaveta Mar'kovna Korandino.




Anarcho-communism

Anarcho-communism, also known as anarchist communism, is the belief that hierarchies, money, and social classes should not exist, and that the means of production should be held in common by society. Anarcho-communists support direct democracy and a network of voluntary associations, workers' councils, decentralized economic planning and a gift economy in which everyone will be free to satisfy their needs.

Some well-known anarcho-communist writers are Peter Kropotkin, Ricardo Flores Magón and Nestor Makhno. Anarcho-communism is opposed to the more authoritarian forms of communism advocated by Leninists and Maoists. These groups have violently clashed in Russia, Korea and Spain over their beliefs. Some examples of anarcho-communism in practice include the Makhnovshchina, Shinmin Autonomous Region, and the Revolutionary Spain.

sedam
Johann Baptist Martinelli

Johann Baptist Martinelli (February 8, 1701, Vienna - June 21, 1754, Vienna) was an Austrian architect and constructor of Italian descent.

He was the son of architect Franz Martinelli. In cooperation with his brother Anton Erhard Martinelli, he designed the plans of several baroque church in the Habsburg empire, among which the church in Grossweikersdorf and the Holy Trinity Cathedral in Blaj. He also designed several mansions among which the one in Dolná Krupá.

Agorism

Agorism is a free-market anarchist political philosophy founded by Samuel Edward Konkin III that believes the ultimate goal as bringing about a society in which all "relations between people are voluntary exchanges– a free market." The term comes from the Greek word "agora," referring to an open place for assembly and market in ancient Greek city-states. Agorist theory divides people into two classes: people who make their living through the market, and people who make their living by coercing others (called the "economic class" and "political class", respectively). They support a nonviolent overthrow of the second class by the first, through peaceful black market and grey market activity, known as counter-economics.

Anton Pius Riegel

Anton Pius Riegel (1789-?) was an Austrian architect of the 19th century. He is known for his design of the György Károlyi palace in Budapest Hungary (now housing the Hungarian Museum of Literature) and the mansion of Dolná Krupá in Slovakia.


Hesperomannia arbuscula

The Maui Hesperomannia (Hesperomannia arbuscula) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.
It is found only in the United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical wet low lying land forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland (an area with mostly bushes and few trees).
It is in danger due to the loss of its natural area of habitat.


Eureka Tower

Eureka Tower is a 297.3 metre (975 foot) tall skyscraper in Melbourne, Australia and is the tallest building in Australia when measured to its roof. Q1, on the Gold Coast, Queensland is the tallest building in Australia because it has a spire that makes its total height 322.5 metres. Eureka Tower has 91 storeys and one floor underground.

Construction of the tower started in 2002 and opened on 11 October 2006. Grocon did the construction.

The top 10 floors of the building have windows coated in gold plating and golden toilets. The viewing deck on floor 88 is the tallest public observation deck in the Southern Hemisphere. It is 285 metres (935 feet) above the ground and people have a large view of the city of Melbourne.


Tay Zonday

Adam Nyerere Bahner (born May 21, 1982), often called by the pseudonym Tay Zonday, is an American keyboardist. His song "Chocolate Rain", and its YouTube video, became a popular Internet meme in July 2007. He has won YouTube Awards and Webby Awards.


Antoine Dufour

Antoine Dufour is a French-Canadian guitarist. Dufour is famous for his fingerstyle guitar playing. Until now Dufour has made 3 studio albums, "Naissance", "Development" and "Existence". He has a strong fanbase because of his YouTube videos.

Dufour started playing guitar at the age of fifteen. Later he studied at the CEGEP, where he first listened to fingerstyle music. 2005 he became second and 2006 first place in the Canadian Guitar Festival's Fingerstyle Guitar Championship. Also he became third in the International Finger Style Guitar Championship in Winfield, Kansas.

Dufour also works as a guitar tutor, giving lessons through Skype.




Vheissu

Vheissu is an album by experimental band Thrice. It was released in 2005. The album introduced a new sound to the bands post-hardcore roots. It also used many new elements from music boxes to chain gangs and has much softer, dreamy songs such as "Atlantic"

The songs on "Vheissu" use many biblical themes but Thrice does not think of themselves as a Christian band. Some of the statements from the album which are clearly from the bible include:


The album artwork was created by author Dave Eggers and artist Brian McMullen. It includes pictures of various things and quotes lyrics from different Thrice songs found on the album.


The Artist in the Ambulance

The Artist in the Ambulance is the third album by the post-hardcore band Thrice. It was released on July 22 2003.

Like previous Thrice albums, some of the money made from selling "The Artist in the Ambulance" was given to a charity. The album's booklet features individual cards that have lyrics from Thrice songs, notes, photographs and comments from the band members and the producer.

"Stare at the Sun" is a main single from the album.


Chuck Palumbo

Charles Ronald "Chuck" Palumbo (born June 15, 1971) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE). Palumbo is a former WCW and WWF/E World Tag Team Champion. He hosted the Discovery Channel series "Lords of the Car Hoards" and "Rusted Development".



Vince J. McMahon

Vincent James McMahon (better known as Vince McMahon, Sr., (July 6, 1914 –May 24, 1984) was a U.S. professional wrestling promoter. He is best known for founding the American promotion, World Wrestling Entertainment, of which his son, Vincent Kennedy McMahon, is now the Chairman of the Board of Directors.

René Adler

René Adler (born January 15, 1985 in Leipzig) is a German footballer. He plays on the position of a goalkeeper for Bayer Leverkusen. Leverkusen is a city in Germany. The club Bayer Leverkusen plays in the Bundesliga, the first football league in Germany.

On October 11, 2008, Adler made his first match in the German national team against Russia (2-1).

Kreator

Kreator is a German thrash metal band from Essen. They formed in 1982 as "Tormentor" and are counted to the big three German thrash metal bands together with Sodom and Destruction.



Gojira

Gojira is a death metal/thrash metal band from Bayonne, France. They formed in 1996 and were called "Godzilla" until 2001. Gojira is known for its lyrics about the environment, which is very unusual for a death metal band.





Colin Barnett

Colin James Barnett (born 15 July 1950) was the 29th Premier of Western Australia. He was Premier from 23 September 2008 until 17 March 2017. He is from the Liberal Party.

Nathan Rees

Nathan Rees (born 12 February 1968) was the 41st Premier of New South Wales. He was premier from 5 September 2008 until 4 December 2009. He is from the Labor Party.

Anna Bligh

Anna Maria Bligh (born 14 July 1960) is an Australian politician who was the 37th Premier of Queensland from 13 September 2007 to 24 March 2012. She is from the Labor Party. She is the first female to be Premier of Queensland. On 16 August 2012 it was announced that Bligh was moving with her husband Greg Withers and the rest of her family to Sydney. 

Anna was born at Warwick, Queensland. She is a descendant of Captain William Bligh. She grew up on the Gold Coast in south east Queensland. She was educated at several Catholic primary schools. Her secondary schooling was at Miami State High School. She completed the last six months of her schooling at Nowra State High School. She studied for an Arts degree from the University of Queensland which she finished in 1980. Anna Bligh worked for many community organisations and the Queensland Public Service. She worked in the area of employment, training and industrial relations policy. She was elected to the Queensland Parliament on 15 July 1995 and retired on 30 March 2012 following her defeat as Queensland Premier.

She was made the Minister for Families, Youth and Community Care and Disability Services in the Beattie Labor Government in June 1998. Ann was Queensland's first female Education Minister. She later became minister for Finance, State Development, Trade and Innovation. In 1995 she was made Deputy Premier of Queensland, and also was the Treasurer and Minister of Infrastructure with a budget of $33 billion. 

Mike Rann

Michael David Rann (born 5 January 1953) was the 44th Premier of South Australia. He was premier from 5 March 2002 until 21 October 2011. He is from the Labor Party. He is how Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. 

David Bartlett

David John Bartlett (born 19 January 1968) was the 43rd Premier of Tasmania. He became premier on 26 May 2008. He is from the Labor Party.

Bartlett resigned, for family reasons on 24 January 2011, and was replaced as premier by Lara Giddings. She is also the Treasurer and Minister of the Arts.

John Brumby

John Mansfield Brumby (born 21 April 1953) was the 45th Premier of Victoria. He became Premier on 30 July 2007. He is from the Labor Party. After being defeated in the 2010 elections, Brumby was replaced as Premier by Ted Baillieu on 1 December 2010.

Brumby was born in Melbourne and educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and Melbourne Grammar School.
Brumby went to the University of Melbourne in 1971 and completed a Bachelor of Commerce degree. He then got his Diploma of Education from the State College of Victoria, Rusden, in 1975. He worked at Eaglehawk, Victoria, as a teacher for three years and then became a union official.

Brumby was an elected to the Parliament of Australia in 1983 and represented the electorate of Bendigo. he lost the seat in the 1990 election. He was elected to the upper house, the Legislative Council, of the Parliament of Victoria in 1993. When the leader of the Labor Party, Jim Kennan, resigned from Parliament, Brumby was became the new leader. He had to resign from the upper house as leaders have to be members of the lower house, the Legislative Council. He won an election for Jim Kennan's seat of Broadmeadows, Victoria. He was the Leader of the Opposition in Victoria for six years. Julia Gillard, the current Prime Minister of Australia, worked as his Chief of Staff. The Labor Party did not win as many votes in the 1996 election and lost two seats. Over the next few years the party did not think Brumby would be able to lead them to a win in the next election. Brumby was replaced as leader by Steve Bracks in March, 1999. Bracks led the Labor Party and won an election in September 1999. Brumby became the Minister for Finance in the new government, and a year later was made the Treasurer (in charge of all government spending).

Bracks resigned as Premier in July 2007, and the Labor Party elected Brumby as their new leader. This made him the Premier of Victoria. In November 2010 the Labor Party was defeated in the election with a 5.3% swing of votes to the Liberal and National Parties. Brumby resigned as the leader of the Labor Party.

Quentin Bryce

Dame Quentin Alice Louise Bryce (née Strachan; born 23 December 1942) was the 25th Governor-General of Australia, from September 2008 to March 2014. She was the first woman to be the Governor-General. Before this she was the Governor of Queensland and she used to be a lawyer.

For her community works she was created a Dame of Grace of the Order of St John in 2003. If she were not already a Dame, she would have become a Dame of Justice when she became Prior of the Australian Priory of the Order of St John.

Crich Tramway Village

Crich Tramway Village is an open-air museum of trams and tramways, in Crich, (), Derbyshire, England. It is the home of the National Tramway Museum. It is set up as an Edwardian village and has a street with shops which include a sweet shop, café and gift shop. Other buildings in the open-air museum are the Red Lion Pub from Stoke-on-Trent, Derby Assembly Rooms, Burnley Tramways Offices and the tram sheds and displays. There are tram lines which go out for about from the village. There is also a collection of old street furniture from around the United Kingdom.

The trams that are in the museum used to run on tramlines along the streets of different towns and cities. Most of the trams at Crich were used in the United Kingdom before the 1960s. Some are from other countries. Many were saved and restored after the tram services in the cities stopped.

Before World War II, tramways were an important type of public transport in many cities in the United Kingdom. (Trams pulled by horses began to be built in the late 19th century.) After World War II, they began to close. Many people thought that the trams and tramways got in the way of motor cars and buses and that fuel for buses was costing less than the cost of making electricity. Most tram networks in the United Kingdom had closed by 1962. Only one remained in use, the Blackpool tramway which still runs today.

In 1948, a group of tramway enthusiasts decided to buy an open top tram that they had been on during the last tram ride of Southampton Tramways. For just £10, they bought Southampton No. 45, Although there were trams and locomotives in British museums, there were no working museums or heritage railways in Britain at this time, so at first the idea of amateurs running a tramway or railway seemed impossible. In 1955 the Tramway Museum Society was started and in 1959, the Society chose a place for the museum after a very long search. The site was found by the Talyllyn Railway Preservation Society when they were taking apart the old track from George Stephenson's railway for a project in Wales.
In the 1840s, when Stephenson was building the North Midland Railway from Derby to Rotherham and Leeds, he found coal buried under the ground on the way to Clay Cross. He decided to mine it and make some money. Crich already had a limestone quarry when he started. Stephenson saw that he could use this limestone and coal to make burnt lime for agricultural use and then use his railway to move it. To link the quarry at Crich to the limekilns at Ambergate, a new metre gauge railway was built, which is said to be the first in the world. The museum is built on part of the old Cliff Quarry, which Stephenson's company bought.

After the Tramway Museum Society's members visited the quarry, they bought part of the site and buildings. Since buying them, the society has gotten many trams, as well as getting track and power for the trams. Many of the tramcars were also repaired. In 1967, the society decided that they would start a village around the tramway, as trams did not run in limestone quarries. This was the start of Crich Tramway Village. The museum got lots of street furniture, and even some entire buildings. Many of these buildings have been changed to hold the museum's collections of books, pictures, and archives.
In 1962 the Tramway Museum Society became a company and a year later it was listed as an educational charity. Since then, the society has grown with the help of people all over the world. The Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport said that the museum has a very good collection. It was one of the first 26 museums that was told this in 1995.

Since the start of the 2000s, the work of the museum's volunteers and the income earned by visitors has been added to by grants from the Heritage Lottery Fund The museum is still an independent charity; this means that the government does not pay for it.

In the early 1990s, the government of the United Kingdom decided that trams were a way of stopping the traffic problems in the UK. New light rail systems, or "second generation tramways", opened in cities like Manchester, Sheffield and Nottingham. Twenty years later more systems are being built, like the one in Edinburgh.


The museum has over 60 tramcars from places such as Berlin, Blackpool, Chesterfield, Den Haag, Derby, Douglas, Dundee, Edinburgh, Gateshead, Glasgow, Grimsby, Halle, Howth, Johannesburg, Leeds, Leicester, Liverpool, London, New York, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Oporto, Paisley, Prague, Sheffield, Southampton and Sydney.

Most of these tramcars are double-deckers and some have open-tops.

The museum has about fifteen fully working tramcars. Every day that the museum is open, one to four of those trams are in service on the mile long line. There is also a 1969 Berlin tram that has been changed into an ""Access Tram"".

Many of the trams can be seen at the museum. Some, such as Blackpool Dreadnought 59 and Blackpool OMO 5, are stored in the Museum's depot at Clay Cross.

The museum has trams using four different types of operation – horse, steam, diesel and electricity. Electricity is used for most of the service trams and works cars, but for one weekend each year a horse tram runs. The museum has five horse trams, Leamington & Warwick 1, Chesterfield 8, Oporto 9, Sheffield 15 and Cardiff 21, but only Sheffield 15 is used. The rest are on display. The museum also has a steam tram engine on display.

Most systems have their overhead wire system built to operate with just one form of current collector (the part that gives the tram electricity). The museum has been built to use any of them, including trolley poles, bow collectors and pantographs. Conduit current collection is another form of current collection. Blackpool 4 uses this, and it was also used in London.



Blue baby syndrome

Blue-baby syndrome, or blue baby is usually caused by a heart defect which laymen often call "a hole in the heart". Normally, oxygenated blood from the lungs is separated from deoxygenated blood from other tissues. Because of a defect in the heart ventricle walls, deoxygenated blood sometimes mixes with the blood from the lungs. The resulting blood going through the aorta has less oxygen than usual. The baby then looks blue. An operation is usually done to fix this. 

There are several heart defects which produce this syndrome. There are also some causes which are not related to heart conditions.

On November 29, 1944, the first successful operation for the heart condition was done at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1976, the university awarded the surgeon an honorary doctorate.

3. http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=24529 

Kings of Leon

Kings of Leon are a rock band from Oklahoma, USA. Their members are all related, three brothers and their cousin. They have released 6 albums. Their sixth album, "Mechanical Bull", was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.


Saria

The name Saria can mean a number of things:

Plaster

Plaster is a material similar to mortar and cement. Plaster of Paris is one kind, made from gypsum by heating it. It is used to make copies of footprints, fossils, skeletons, and to set fractured bones. Other kinds of plaster are used for buildings and other purposes. Decorative plaster is more usually called stucco.

Minaret

A minaret is a tower. Many mosques have minarets. Muezzins to call Muslims to prayers from minarets five times a day.

Omi

Omi was a very old Japanese title of both someone's rank and their political rank it was only allowed for use by the most powerful clans during the Yamato time of Japanese history. The title Omi, was given to a man's son when the father died.

Mining feasibility study

A mining feasibility study is normally done before to a mining company buying land and is done to lower the risk of failure and reduce losing money for a mining company.

Free market

A free market is a system in which the prices for goods and services are determined by the open market and consumers, in which the laws and forces of supply and demand are free from any intervention by a government, price-setting monopoly, or other authority. It is a result of a need being, then the need being met. A free market contrasts with a regulated market, in which government intervenes in supply and demand through non-market methods such as laws creating barriers to market entry or price fixing. In a free-market economy, prices for goods and services are set freely by the forces of supply and demand and are allowed to reach their point of equilibrium without intervention by government policy, and it typically entails support for highly competitive markets and private ownership of productive enterprises.

Although free markets are commonly associated with capitalism within a market economy in contemporary usage and popular culture, free markets have also been advocated by free-market anarchists, market socialists, and some proponents of cooperatives and advocates of profit sharing.[1] 

Quba Mosque

Quba Mosque is a mosque in Medina. It is the oldest mosque in the world. When Muhammad and his friends were coming to Medina, they stopped over in Kuba. Muhammad started to build the mosque after his friend helped him. Umar II added a minaret and enlarged the mosque. Suleiman the Magnificent destroyed the mosque and rebuilt it.

Alan Carpenter

Alan John Carpenter (born 4 January 1957) was the 28th Premier of Western Australia from 26 January 2006 to 23 September 2008. He is from the Labor Party. He is still in the Western Australian parliament.

Geoff Gallop

Professor Geoffrey Ian Gallop (born 27 September 1951) was the 27th Premier of Western Australia from 16 February 2001 to 25 January 2006. He was from the Labor Party.

Renton, Washington

Renton is a city in King County, Washington, United States. It is 13 miles (21 km) southeast of Seattle, Washington. Renton is on the southeast shore of Lake Washington. At the 2000 census, 50,052 people lived there. As of April 1, 2008, there were about 78,780 people. The number of people increased a lot because of the addition of the Benson Hill communities directly southeast of the city. According to the data from the Office of Financial Management, Renton is the 11th largest city in Washington, and 5th largest in King County.

Based on per capita income, Renton ranks 100th of 522 areas ranked in the state of Washington.



Premier of Western Australia

The Premier of Western Australia is the leader of the Western Australian government. He or she is the most powerful politician in the Australian state of Western Australia.

The current Premier is Roger Cook from the Labor Party.

Christian Heinrich Nebbien

Christian Heinrich Nebbien, sometimes referred to as Heinrich Nebbien or Henrik Nebbien, (September 22, 1778 in Lübeck - December 2, 1841 in Glogau) was a German landscaping architect.

His most important project was the Városliget park at the end of Andrássy ut in Budapest (1817).

Other projects for which he is known are:


He also wrote a book on the methods of increasing agricultural output, published in Prague in 1835.



Krompachy

Krompachy (German: Krompach, Hungarian: Korompa) is a town in Slovakia, located on the valley of the Hornád River. Until the end of the 20th century it was a centre of mining and metallurgy, particularly iron and copper. It is now an alpine resort, close to the Plejsy ski center.

Kingfisher

Kingfishers are small birds of the order Coraciiformes. There are about 90 species, mostly in the Old World and Australasia, Most species are tropical in distribution.

Their feathers are often bright colours, such as blue or orange. They have large heads, long, sharp bills, short legs, and stubby tails.

Most species have bright plumage with little differences between the sexes. Most are found only in forests. They eat a wide range of prey, including fish. They usually catch prey by swooping down from a perch. Many live near rivers and eat fish, but most species live away from water and eat small invertebrates. Like other birds of their order they nest in holes, usually tunnels dug into the natural or artificial banks in the ground. A quarter of all kingfishers nest in disused termite nests.

Based on sequence analysis, the 90 or so species of kingfishers are now divided into three families:

Kingfishers are found all over the world. They often make their nests near rivers where the water flows slowly. They make their nests in tall river banks. They dig a hole in the side of the river bank. Most kingfishers lay 3–6 eggs each time.

Many kingfishers eat fish. They sit on branches hanging over the river's edge and wait for a fish to appear. They then dive into the water to catch the fish. Some kingfishers eat lizards or other reptiles. Kookaburras do this.

Most species are in the Australasian region, but the family did not originate there. They evolved in the Northern Hemisphere and invaded the Australasian region a number of times. Fossil kingfishers have been described from Lower Eocene rocks in Wyoming 50 million years ago (mya) and in Germany, around 30-40 million years ago. More recent fossil kingfishers have been described in the Miocene/Pliocene rocks of Australia (5-25 mya).

Kingfishers are easily harmed if there is a lot of snow and cold weather in winter. They can also die if humans cause a lot of water pollution or if the places where Kingfishers live are destroyed. Some kingfishers are endangered species.

São José dos Pinhais

São José dos Pinhais is a Brazilian city, the second largest in the Greater Curitiba, in southern state of Paraná. In 2008 the population was more than 280.000 inhabitants.

The city is on a plateau 906 meters above sea level, and an area of 945,717 km². Is just 7 km away from the capital, Curitiba.

It is the third largest automotive pole of Brazil, housing assembly of Volkswagen, Audi, Nissan and Renault. The city is also home of the Afonso Pena International Airport, the main airport in southern Brazil.

Yone Minagawa

Yone Minagawa (January 4, 1893 – August 13, 2007) was a Japanese supercentenarian and the world's oldest living person between January 29, 2007, and Minagawa's death at age 114 years 221 days. 

Minagawa became Japan's oldest person in April 2005, following the death of 114-year-old Ura Koyama. With the death of 114-year-old Emma Tillman on January 29, 2007, Minagawa became the world's oldest living person. She was 114 years 25 days old at the time. Minagawa died of natural causes on 13 August 2007 at the age of 114 years, 221 days. Following her death, then 114-year-old Edna Parker became the new world's oldest living person.

Richard G. Hovannisian

Richard Gable Hovannisian (; November 9, 1932 – July 10, 2023) was an American historian. He was born in Tulare, California.

He received his M.A.(1958) degree from the University of California, Berkeley, and his Ph.D.(1966) from University of California, Los Angeles. He was also Associate Professor of History at Mount St. Mary's College, Los Angeles, from 1966 to 1969. In 1987, Professor Hovannisian was appointed as the first holder of the Armenian Educational Foundation Endowed Chair in Modern Armenian History at the UCLA. His biographical entries are included in Who's Who in America and Who's Who in the World among other scholarly and literary reference works.

Hovannisian died in Los Angeles, California on July 10, 2023 at the age of 90.



Armenians in the Ottoman Empire

Armenians in the Ottoman Empire were people of Armenian origin who lived under Ottoman rule from the empire's original creation to its eventual collapse. 

Armenians in the Ottoman Empire lived under the millet system as a Christian minority up until the Tanzimat reforms which concluded in the construction of the first Ottoman constitution. When the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) became the ruling party of the Ottoman Empire, they vigorously enforced Ottomanism and saw the Turks as the dominant group. These developments caused more oppression and eventually led to the Armenian Genocide. 

In 1453, the Ottoman Turks under the command of Sultan Mehmed II conquered the Byzantine capital of Constantinople. Constantinople (later renamed Istanbul) became the capital of the Islamic Ottoman Empire for the remainder of its lifespan (1453-1922). Under the Ottoman Empire, there were three main non-Muslim communities: the Jewish community, the Greek Orthodox Church and the Armenian Apostolic Church. Christianity is a firmly embedded central component of Armenian history and culture, which dates back to 301 C.E when Armenia became the first ever nation to implement Christianity as a state religion. Under Ottoman Islamic rule, Sultans allowed the Christian Armenian communities to preserve their culture, customs, language and religiosity so long as they remained loyal to the Ottoman sultan and the state. This governance of the non-Muslim community was achieved through the implementation of what has become known as the millet system.

The Ottoman Empire's system regarding the governance of their non-Muslim communities within the empire was known as the millet system. The word ‘millet,’ which when translated means ‘nation’ or ‘people,’ was used by the Ottomans to describe these non-Muslim groups as corporate religious groups within the empire. Ultimately, the millet system entailed having non-Muslim religious communities such as the Armenian community guaranteed the right to life, property, and the freedom to practice their religious faith so long as they remained loyal to the Sultan and the state. Armenians were afforded this basic limited amount of autonomy provided they paid double the amount of taxes compared to a regular Ottoman citizen at the time. Influential leaders collected these taxes within the Armenian community and were also expected to deal with whatever additional issues that were occurring within the community at the time (social and legal). The millet system also determined that Armenians would be forbidden from participation within the military. Other limitations were also in place, which mandated Armenians and other millets to wear certain clothing and identifiers such as a crucifix around their neck.

Armenian millets were operating just eight years after the fall of Constantinople in 1453 when Sultan Mehmed II appointed Hovakim, an Armenian bishop, to act as a ruling figurehead for the Armenian community. Hovakim known as Hovakim I was the first Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople within the Ottoman Empire. Hovakim I was based in the Ottoman Capital in Istanbul where he was entrusted with commanding over the Armenian people and ensuring the prevention of anti-Ottoman movements within his community. While a variation of the millet system may have been in place since the 1460’s, it is widely argued that the appearance of the term ‘millet’ gained prominence after the Ottoman Empire began to face serious multifaceted challenges to its empire vis-a-vis its military defeats to the Holy League in 1697 and the emergence of a new foe in the Russian Empire. Each millet system enjoyed increasing influence and power at this time, particularly the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople and the Greek Phanariots. The Phanariots were elite Greek merchants that had a critical influence over internal political issues within the Ottoman Empire. Their influence within the Ottoman Empire was drastically reduced however after the Greek Revolution, with the other religious millets particularly the Armenian millets greatly benefiting from this shift of influence.

By the 19th Century, the Armenian community was divided into Christian Apostolic, Catholic, and Protestant millets, meaning that there was no centralized, hierarchical leadership structure. The Ottomans dealt with this Armenian division by having Armenian patriarchs for each millet in Istanbul and Jerusalem. The ottomans had from an early stage of their reign, identified the crucial role that religious clergymen had in not only the collection of taxation within its community but also of influencing the communities feelings and sentiments. The relationship between the Armenian clergy and the Ottoman Empire that existed up until the middle of the 19th century is one that indeed can be described as cordial and one of mutual benefit. The Armenian clergy and a small merchant faction within its elite enjoyed influence and power. At the same time, the Ottoman empire was intrinsically pleased with maintaining their ability while also benefiting from the use of the Armenian merchants. While the vast majority of Armenians were poor peasants, a small minority of Armenians would establish themselves as the financial backbone of the Ottoman Empire itself. The Armenian Amira group bankers would establish themselves as the most influential merchant group of the Ottoman Empire, serving as bankers to the Ottoman central government while also controlling key positions within crucial sectors of industry. Jobs such as the director of Imperial Currency Mint, chief imperial architect, and the superintendent of large Gun-powder factories were filled by the Amira group. When one realizes the extent to which both the Armenian clergy and the Armenian elite were benefiting from the implementation of this millet system (particularly during the 18th/19th Century), it is easy to theorize why Armenia seemingly had made no precise demands for liberation until the Tanzimat reformation.

On 3 November 1839, the process that became known as the Tanzimat reforms began when Sultan Abdulmecid's marked the opening of his reign with the issuance of the Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane. The Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane was the brainchild of statesmen, Mustafa Reşid Pasha, the Ottoman minister of foreign affairs. The Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane outlined three central notions in which: (i) The life, property, and honor of all subjects under the Ottoman Empire must be guaranteed, (ii) A new fixed tax system would replace the outdated tax farming system and finally, (iii) Lifetime military conscription would be replaced to conscription of four to five years. Perhaps the most notable and groundbreaking element of the Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane was its assertion that all Ottoman subjects regardless of religion would be equal before the law. This was the first time during the Ottoman Empire in which non-Muslims would be deemed equal to their Muslim counterparts, something that would become a more regular occurrence among the Sultan and Ottoman government during this period.

On 18 February 1856, thousands of citizens gathered in Istanbul to hear Sultan Abdulmecid’s Hatt-i Humayun, the second proclamation of the Tanzimat reforms. While specific points were reiterated from the 1839 Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane proclamation, the 1856 Hatt-i Humayun was far more in-depth and specific. For instance, this time, there was a particular reference to the need for adherence to annual national budgets, the creation of more banks, and the adaptation of a more Europeanized economic model in hopes of building a more substantial empire financially. Similarly, steps would be taken that would lead to the introduction of commercial law and the codifying of penal law within the empire while at the same time making penal reforms that would, for example, look to no longer punish apostates by death. The proclamation greatly emphasized that all citizens were now to be considered equal under Ottoman law regardless of religion. This intrinsically meant that the millet systems would have to be abandoned, and all non-Muslim communities could naturally become citizens of the Ottoman Empire. Additionally, the sultan vowed that these historic minorities would be safeguarded and offered legal protection from discrimination, with the final goal ultimately being to break down the barriers erected by the discriminatory millet system and create a brotherhood of Ottoman citizens that is both multi-ethnic and multi-national. 

The Land Code of 1858 was another feature of the Tanzimat reforms which revolutionized property and land ownership within the Ottoman Empire. This Land Code entitled farmers, merchants, and peasants who were living on land and farming on land to own properties which were previously under state ownership. The sultan agreed to sign away these properties he owned to these citizens of all classes, wh,o in turn, would have to pay the sultan via newly established property taxation. Ultimately, while the Tanzimat reforms were slow to be enacted, their seeming strides toward progression raised expectations particularly among those within the Armenian community. More and more of the common Armenian population were educating themselves about reforms and laws within the community in which they previously had little to no say in. Similarly, the elites within the Armenian population felt they had a part to play in helping to build a new reformed Ottoman Empire and generally were rather receptive of the Tanzimat reforms initially. The construction of the first Constitution in 1876, during the First Constitutional Era was another seminal moment of reformation during the Tanzimat period, which would ultimately mark the end of this era. While the Tanzimat reforms seemed a success for the Ottoman Empire, the unchecked centralized nature of the sultan's power ultimately would lead to problems of drought and debt for the Ottoman Empire immediately following the end of the Tanzimat reforms.

Several young Armenians who had traveled back to the Ottoman Empire after receiving higher education in Western Europe saw several problems with the millet system when they returned home. The leaders of the Armenian millet were corrupt and wanted to cooperate with Ottoman powers and keep the people in their millet in ignorance. This group of intellectuals wanted written regulations defining the duties of the people at the top of the Armenian millet, such as the patriach.Reorganizingg the millet would help separate state and religion. After several rejections a Code of Regulations was accepted by the National Assembly in 1860. This code was 150 articles long and, among other things, reduced the power of the Armenian patriarch, but he was still the representative of the Armenian millet. The document was called the Armenian National Constitution. Still, it was only valid for inside the Armenian millet, so according to scholars, the Code of Regulations is a more fitting term.

The Armenian National Constitution did not change much for the people in the millet, but it is one of the factors which led to the making of the First Ottoman Constitution in 1876. The first Ottoman Constitution was created by Midhat Pasha in order to calm the chaos in the Ottoman Empire and decrease the power of seperatist movements. This new Ottoman Constitution set the path for the Ottoman Empire for modernization and becoming more like the West. The period in which this constitution was implemented is called the First Constitutional Period and took from 1876-1878.

The Armenian National Constitution is still used in the Armenian Church in the diaspora. 

The First Ottoman Constitution was implemented again in 1908 after the Young Turk Revolution.

The Armenians in the Ottoman Empire have been subject to several massacres before 1915, such as the Hamidian massacres in 1894-1896 and the Adana massacres in 1909. While the former massacres were often to scare and intimidate the Armenians, the genocide in 1915 had as goal to completely eliminate the Armenians from the Ottoman Empire. The Armenian Genocide is the name for the deportation and killing of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire, which ended in the death of 80,000 to 1,5 million Armenian people.

In 1913, the year before the genocide, around 2 million Armenians were living in the Ottoman Empire. At the start of World War I the Ottoman Empire was fighting with the Russians, as well as the British and French at the same time. The losses of the Balkan War included more than half of the European territory that used to be part of the Ottoman Empire. The Ottoman government decided that it was not possible for the Muslim Ottomans to live alongside the Christian population of the Ottoman Empire and wanted to homogenize the population. The Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) was the governing party of the Ottoman Empire from 1908 to 1918. The CUP was a nationalist party that believed in Ottomanism and saw the need for the Turks as a dominant group. This included relocating the non-Turk Muslim population and the non-Muslim population of the Ottoman Empire.

The Russians took advantage of the fact that the Ottoman Empire was fighting a war on two fronts and moved their army towards the city in Eastern Anatolia with the largest Armenian population. The Armenians disagreed on whether to support the Russians or the Ottomans; some joined the Russian army, others the Ottoman army, and others did not join. The Ottoman government ordered the deportation of Armenians from towns most affected by the fighting; this later included all Armenians in Anatolia. Ottoman officials carried out the orders and Turks, Kurds and local tribespeople. Many Armenians died in these deportations, many fled to Syria, Russia, or Iraq, and many died while fleeing. The Armenians being deported were often raped, kidnapped, or starved. Around 800,000 to 1.5 million Armenians died during these massacres; the people who remained in the Ottoman Empire were often women and girls forced to marry into Turkish Muslim families. The boys were often adopted and converted to Islam.

Not everybody has agreed on the reason or a name for the events that happened to the Armenians in 1915 and during World War I. The Turkish government calls these deportations a defensive action against rebellion started by Kurds and local Muslim rebels, while the Armenian people call it a genocide. It is genocide according to the definition of genocide by the United Nations.

Armenian question

The term "Armenian Question" refers to powers of Europe's involvement to the Armenian subjects of the Ottoman Empire beginning with the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78. However, in specific terms, the Armenian question refers to the protection and the freedoms of Armenians from their neighboring communities.

The "Armenian Question", like the "Eastern Question", remained a factor (issue) in international politics, first with Great Britain and Germany; then Russia taking on the role of Ottoman Armenians protector. 

Annihilation

Annihilation is the name given in physics to the process that occurs when a particle and its antiparticle equivalent collide. The collision between these two particles makes energy release. Two types of this include the annihilation of electrons and positrons (the antiparticle for electrons), and the annihilation of protons and antiprotons.

The word has other meanings.

South Asian river dolphin

The South Asian river dolphin ("Platanista gangetica") is a freshwater or river dolphin found in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan.

It is split into two subspecies, the Ganges river dolphin ("P. g. gangetica") and Indus river dolphin ("P. g. minor"). 

From the 1970s until 1998, they were regarded as separate species; however, in 1998, their classification was changed from two separate species to subspecies of a single species. The idea was to wait until genetic analysis had decided how best to classify them.

Phone Booth (movie)

Phone Booth is a 2003 American movie about a man trapped in a telephone booth by a sniper. It stars Colin Farrell and Kiefer Sutherland and was directed by Joel Schumacher. It is set in New York City. It was originally to be released in 2002 but was delayed because of the Beltway sniper attacks.

Beltway sniper attacks

The Beltway Sniper attacks were a series of sniper attacks on civilians over three weeks in October 2002 in the Mid-Atlantic United States. The shootings all took place in the Maryland and Virginia area, mainly in and around Washington, D.C. The shootings were carried out by American John Allen Muhammad (1960-2009) and Jamaican Lee Boyd Malvo (born 1985).

Ulmus wallichiana

The Himalayan Elm ("Ulmus wallichiana") Planch., also known as the Kashmir Elm, found in Kashmir.

Central Karakoram National Park

Central Karakoram National Park or Karakoram National Park is a National Park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Chitral National Park

Chitral National Park is one of the national parks of Pakistan. It is located in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan at the side of Chitral River, just at a distance of two hours drive from the Chitral city. The word, Gol in local language means ' the valley'. This park has many valleys thereby the name, Chitral Gol National Park.

This park has three valleys. There are several galciers in the park . The park has cedar trees and endangered wild goat species Markhor. The snow leopard is sometimes seen there. The Tibetan wold, red fox, are also found in the park. Common birds are the bearded vulture, golden eagle, demoiselle crane, peregrine falcon, snow partridge and rock partridge.


Richard Court

Richard Fairfax Court (born 27 September 1947) was the 26th Premier of Western Australia from 16 February 1993 to 16 February 2001. He was from the Liberal Party. His father, Charles Court, was also a Premier of Western Australia.

Hazarganji-Chiltan National Park

Hazarganji Chiltan National Park is a park in the Quetta District on the west side of Balochistan Province. It is in western Pakistan.

Hingol National Park

Hingol National Park or Hungol National Park () covers about . and is the largest of the National Parks of Pakistan and lies on the Makran coast in Balochistan approximately from Karachi.
The area was declared a reserve in 1988. 

The Hingol River runs though the park. 

Khunjerab National Park

Khunjerab National Park is a National park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is one of the highest altitude parks in the world.

Kirthar National Park

Kirthar National Park is in Kirthar Mountains range. It is second biggest National Parks of Pakistan, the Hingol National Park being the biggest. It is also the first National Park from Pakistan to be included in the 1975 United Nation's list of National Parks around the world.

Lehri Nature Park

Lehri Nature Park is in Jhelum District, northern Punjab, Pakistan.

Carmen Lawrence

Dr Carmen Mary Lawrence (born 2 March 1948) was the 25th Premier of Western Australia from 12 February 1990 to 16 February 1993. She was from the Labor Party. She became Premier after Peter Dowding resigned. She was the first woman to become Premier of an Australian state and she is Western Australia's only woman Premier. After she was Premier she became of member of the Australian parliament. She served as federal Health Minister from 1994 to 1996, under Paul Keating.

Machiara National Park

Machiara National Park is a national park in Pakistan. It is one of three globally important national parks chosen for a Global Environment Facility sponsored project. The goal of the project is to create management models showing good natural resource conservation.

Margala Hills National Park

The Margalla Hills National Park is in Northern Pakistan. It is at the foothills of the Himalayas, north of Islamabad.

Cholistan desert

Cholistan Desert (, also locally known as Rohi) sprawls thirty kilometers from Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan and covers an area of . It is next to the Thar Desert extending over to Sindh and into the Republic of India.

Peter Dowding

Peter M'Callum Dowding SC (born 6 October 1943) was the 24th Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1988 to 12 February 1990. He was from the Labor Party. He became Premier when Brian Burke resigned. He had a difficult time as Premier because some people in his government broke the law. He is now a lawyer. He got a Centenary Medal in 2001.

Indus Valley Desert

The Indus Valley Desert is a desert ecoregion of northern Pakistan. The Indus Valley desert covers an area of 19,500 square kilometers (7,500 square miles) in northwestern Punjab Province, lying between the Chenab River and Indus rivers. The Indus Valley Desert is drier and less hospitable than the Northwestern thorn scrub forests that surround it.

Kharan desert

Kharan Desert () is a desert in Kharan District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

Thal desert

The Thal desert is in Punjab, Pakistan. It is a large area mainly between the Jhelum River and Sindh rivers near the Pothohar Plateau. It has little vegetation — mostly thorny bushes — over a breadth of 70 miles. In Thal the people are very poor because the whole land is arid and depends upon the weather conditions. They cultivate grains only. It is the most illiterate area in Punjab Province. 

Noor Pur Thal has ten Union councils.

Flag of Texas

The Texas flag is known as the "Lone Star Flag". This flag was introduced to the Republic of Texas on December 28, 1838, by Senator William H. Wharton. It became its national flag on January 24, 1839.

When Texas became the 28th state of the United States of America on December 29, 1845, its national flag became the state flag. Each color means a special symbol on the flag: blue stands for loyalty, white for purity, and red for bravery.

Benny Benson

John Ben "Benny" Benson Jr. (October 12, 1913 – July 2, 1972) was born in Chignik, Alaska. When he was three years old, his mother died. His father sent him and his brother Carl to boarding school because Benny's father could not take care of them. Benny grew up in Unalaska and later in Seward.

Fame came to him from designing the Alaska flag. Benny was the winner of the contest run for Alaska students in grades seven to twelve in 1926. The Alaska Legislature adopted the design as the official flag for the Territory of Alaska on May 2, 1927. Later, the drafters of the Alaska constitution stipulated that the territorial flag would become the official flag of the State of Alaska.

Bowling for Soup

Bowling for Soup is an American pop punk band from Wichita Falls, Texas. 

The band was formed in 1994 by Jaret Reddick, Chris Burney, Erik Chandler and Lance Morrill. The name of the band is from one of Steve Martin's comedy acts. They released their self-title debut album, "Bowling for Soup", in September 1994.





Flag of Alaska

The Flag of Alaska has eight gold stars on dark blue. These stars form the Big Dipper and the North Star.

The flag was created in 1927 by Benny Benson, a 13-year-old Alaska native. Up to that time, Alaskans had flown only the U.S. flag. Benson's design was chosen over 700 other submissions from school-children in grades 7–12. Most other entries showed the seal, the midnight sun, the northern lights, polar bears, and gold pans. To celebrate his achievement, Benson was awarded $1,000 and an engraved watch. The Alaska Legislature adopted the flag on May 2, 1927. It was kept as the state flag upon statehood in 1959.

This song was made for the flag.



2005 French riots

The 2005 civil unrest in France was a series of riots in October and November. Many cars and public buildings, for example schools were burnt. The riots started on October 25, 2005 in Clichy-sous-Bois, a suburb of Paris. Afterwards they spread to other parts of France. Together they lasted for about 3 weeks. The riots were a reaction to the accidental deaths of two teenage boys and the serious injuries of another. The three boys hid in a power substation and got an electric shock, after being chased by police. However the boys did not commit a crime.

"The New York Times" said the event started at 17:20 on 27 October 2005 in Clichy-sous-Bois. They said they know this from a police report. The police were called to a construction site, because of a burglary. Three teenagers thought they were being chased by the police, so they climed a fence of a power substation. This was because the feared long questioning by the police. Another 6 teenagers were caught by the police for questioning by 17:50. At 18:12 at the local police station in Livry-Gargan the lights went out because of a blackout. This black-out was caused by the death of Zyed Benna and Bouna Traoré in the power station and the injury of the third boy.

There is a controversy, if the boys were chased by police. The local prosecutor and Nicholas Sarkozy, who was minister of interior at that time said no. But the newspaper "The Australian", who asked some of his friends, said yes.

Before this event there had been in issues with unemployment and police brutality in this town. But after this event mobs of protesters gathered. The "Associated Press" quoted a protester with "People are joining together to say we've had enough. We live in ghettos. Everyone lives in fear."


ASCII

ASCII (pronounced "az-kee", "ass-key" if American), is a table of characters for computers. It is binary code used by electronic equipment to handle text using the English alphabet, numbers, and other common symbols. ASCII is an abbreviation for "American Standard Code for Information Interchange".
ASCII was developed in the 1960s and was based on earlier codes used by telegraph systems.

The code includes definitions for 128 characters, which are assigned numbers from 0 to 127. Numbers 32 to 126 stand for letters, numbers and symbols such as abc, ABC, 123, and ?&!. Numbers 0 to 31 and the number 127 stand for characters that control how text is processed and are not printed.

ASCII uses 7 binary digits (bits) to represent characters. The bits 1000001 (65 in normal base-10 numbers) represent the upper-case letter A, 1000010 represents B, 1000011 represents C, and so on. Using the table below, you can look up a number in the Decimal column and see the character it represents in the Char column. Programmers often use hexadecimal (base-16 numbers), and you can look that up in the Hex column.

An ASCII computer file uses one byte for each character. A byte has 8 bits, so can hold an ASCII character with one bit spare. In the past, the spare bit was sometimes used as a "parity bit" to help check if the data had been corrupted.

ASCII has no formatting control (for bold or "Italics", etc.) Sometimes someone talks about a file or document in ASCII, meaning it is in plain text.

Standard ASCII is still commonly used, particularly in computer software and HTML files. Until 2010 it was the standard for URLs. Often a web site that has fields for entering text will only take ASCII text. Any special markups for bold or centered text, etc. will show up incorrectly.

ASCII does not have diacritics (marks that are added to a letter, like the dots (umlauts) above vowels in German, or the tilde (~) above the 'n' for the 'ñ' used in Spanish). It was only meant for English and doesn't work well for most other languages. Some English words borrowed from other languages use these marks as well, like "resumé" (see Appendix:English words with diacritics).

This led to some systems using 8 bits (a full byte) instead of 7 bits. The proper name for systems that use 8 bits is called "extended ASCII". Eight bits allows for 256 characters. The first 128 characters must be the same as for ASCII and the rest are usually used for alphabetic letters with accents, for example like É, È, Î and Ü. This solves the problem for a few languages that are based on the Latin alphabet, although not all extended ASCII systems are the same. Other alphabets, like the Greek alphabet, Cyrillic alphabet need a different set of characters. And some systems like those using Chinese characters still do not work, as they use thousands of characters. So Unicode was created to have one common system for all languages.


Vantage Point

Vantage Point is a 2008 mystery thriller movie from Columbia Pictures, written by Barry Levy and directed by Pete Travis. It stars Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker with Sigourney Weaver, Édgar Ramírez and William Hurt. It was released on February 22, 2008.

United States President Henry Ashton (William Hurt) is participating in an anti-terrorism summit in Salamanca. Over a twenty-three-minute period, an assassination attempt on the President unfolds. The movie loops through this period over and over, each time from the perspective of a different participant, adding a new piece to the larger puzzle with each loop.



Flag of Hawaii

The flag of Hawaii (Hawaiian: Ka Hae Hawaiʻi) is the official flag of Hawaii as a U.S. state, as it was kingdom, protector government, republic, and territory. It is the only state flag of the United States to have the Union Flag of the United Kingdom on it.

The field of the flag is composed of eight horizontal stripes symbolizing the eight major islands. A ninth stripe was once shown, meaning the island of Nihoa. The color of the stripes, from the top down, has this pattern: white, red, blue, white, red, blue, white, red. The colors were standardized in 1843, although other combinations have been seen and are occasionally still used.

There are a lot of reasons for the earliest history of the flag of Hawaii. One said how King Kamehameha I flew a British flag, given to him by British explorer Captain George Vancouver as a token of friendship with King George III. Other visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor. An adviser to Kamehameha noted that the Union Flag could draw Hawaii into international problems as his kingdom could be seen as an ally of the United Kingdom, and he quickly lowered the Union Flag over his home. While argued as historically correct, one report of events that followed stated that in order to please American interests during the War of 1812, a flag of the United States was raised over Kamehameha's home only to be removed when British officers in the court of Kamehameha powerfully objected to it. This account then explains why the resulting flag of Hawaii was a deliberate combination of the two nations' flags.

In 1816, Kamehameha appointed his own flag to avoid problems. As a result, the current flag of Hawaii was born. There is debate as to the name of the officer: some traditions credit Alexander Adams, others George Beckley. The original flag was designed to feature stripes alternating in the order: red-white-blue. However, some have argued that the stripes were influenced by the flag of the United States. The flag used at the first official flying of the flag of Hawaii erroneously placed the stripes in the order: white-red-blue. The number of stripes also changed. Originally, the flag was designed with seven horizontal stripes. In 1845 it changed to have eight stripes (at one point, there were nine but later the number changed back to eight). The arrangement was adopted and is used today.

2010 FIFA World Cup

The 2010 World Cup was the 19th FIFA World Cup, the world championship between 32 men's national football teams. It was held in South Africa from 11 June to 10 July 2010. In the host selection, only African countries may be selected as host of this tournament. In 2004 FIFA selected South Africa to become it the first African country hosted FIFA World Cup.

The matches were played in 10 stadiums in 9 cities around the country. The final was played at the Soccer City, Johannesburg
All countries (except South Africa that qualified as host nation) took part in qualification tournament to qualify to the World Cup. In the first round all teams were divided to eight groups of four teams where team played with other three teams in group. Two best teams from each group qualify to knockout stage where teams need to win 3 matches to reach the final.

In the final Spain, the European champions, won the tournament. They defeated Netherlands 1-0 in extra time with Andrés Iniesta's goal in the 116th minute. Spain got their first World Cup title and they also became the first European team won the World Cup outside Europe. They also became the first team to win the World Cup after losing their first match. Host nation of this tournament South Africa, winner (Italy) and finalist (France) of previous World Cup were all failed the group stage. It was the first time when host nation was not qualified to knockout stage. New Zealand was only team that did not lose any matches but it also did not advance to knockout stage







In 2005, the organizers released a list of thirteen venues to be used for the World Cup. They were officially announced by FIFA on 17 March 2006:

New for 2010 is the Budweiser Man of the Match award. Fans vote for the top player for each match in the World Cup tournament.

The first round was also called the Group stage. There were 32 teams in the first round of the World Cup. The teams were divided into eight groups with four teams in each group. The groups were named Group A through Group H.

Each team in a group played all the other teams in their group one time. That means there were six games in each group and 48 games in the first round. The top two teams from each group in this round advanced (were allowed to play) in the next round, named the Round of 16.

The FIFA uses the following method to rank teams in the first round.

Legend:

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).

Schedule
Schedule
Schedule
The games starting with the second round are known as the knockout stage. These games can not end in a draw (tie). If a match (game) is tied at the end of 90 minutes (the regular game time limit), extra periods are added to the game. Two periods, each 15 minutes long, will be played. If the score is still tied after the two extra periods, the game will be decided by a penalty kick shootout.

<br>






28 players were suspended after being shown two consecutive yellow cards (13 players), a single red card (8 players), or a yellow card followed by a red card (7 players).


The Best 11 was decided by an online public vote, where people were invited to select a team (in a 4–4–2 formation) and best coach. Voting was open until 23:59 on 11 July 2010, with submissions going into a draw to win a prize.

Six of the eleven players came from the Spanish team, as did the coach. The remainder of the team comprised two Germans, one Brazilian, one Dutchman and a Uruguayan.


|

Cody Rhodes

Cody Garrett Runnels Rhodes ("né" Runnels; born June 30, 1985) better known simply by his ring name Cody Rhodes, is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand. He is nicknamed "The American Nightmare" and is one of the most popular face wrestlers today. The son of Dusty Rhodes and the half-brother of Dustin Rhodes, he is married to Brandi Rhodes.

Rhodes started his wrestling career for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in 2006, working there for the next ten years. During this time, he became a two-time Intercontinental Champion and a six-time tag team champion (three-time World Tag Team Champion and three-time WWE Tag Team Champion).. He was released from WWE in May 2016. After that he worked on the Independent circuit, for Ring of Honor (where he won the ROH World Championship, the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship and the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, which was also won by his father), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling/Impact Wrestling and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (where he was an important member of the Bullet Club and a former IWGP United States Heavyweight Champion).

On January 1, 2019, Rhodes joined the newly founded company All Elite Wrestling (AEW). There he was an executive vice president and a record-tying three-time TNT Champion (also being the first man to win the title). On February 15, 2022, he left AEW. That April he returned to WWE on the first night of WrestleMania 38, defeating Seth "Freakin" Rollins. He would go on to win the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship (his fourth Raw Tag Team Championship and his first SmackDown Tag Team Championship) and the Royal Rumble Match in 2023 and 2024, becoming the fourth wrestler to win that match twice in a row.




Deuce (wrestler)

James William Reiher, Jr., (born September 1, 1971) better known as Jimmy Snuka, Jr., is a Fijian-American professional wrestler and the son of professional wrestler "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka. He is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment where he worked under the ring names Deuce and Sim Snuka. He is a former WWE Tag Team Champion with his former partner Domino.


Jim Duggan

James Edward Duggan (born January 14, 1954 in Glens Falls, New York), better known by his ring name "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, is an American professional wrestler, who is best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E). Duggan will also be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011 by Ted DiBiase Sr.. Duggan was the winner of the first ever Royal Rumble in 1988. He is known for entering the arena with a 2x4 piece of lumber and yelling ""Hooo!"" while the fans chant ""U-S-A!"".

In November 2018, Duggan was hospitalized in the intensive care unit for an unknown reason.

JTG

Jayson Anthony Paul (born December 10, 1984) is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring name JTG. He is best known for his time working with the WWE. During his time there, he was a member of the tag team Cryme Tyme along with Shad Gaspard.

His last match was on the September 20, 2013 episode of "Superstars" where he lost against Santino Marella. On June 12, 2014, JTG was released from his WWE contract.


Lance Cade

Lance Kurtis McNaught (March 2, 1981 – August 13, 2010) was an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where he wrestled under the ring names Garrison Cade and Lance Cade. Cade was trained by Shawn Michaels and made his professional wrestling debut along with Bryan Danielson in 1999 for Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) in Japan.

Cade signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 2001 and began working for their developmental territory Memphis Championship Wrestling (MCW). In the summer, he was sent to Heartland Wrestling Association (HWA). When the WWF dropped HWA as their developmental territory, Cade moved the then-renamed WWE's main developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW). In 2003, he debuted on an episode of Sunday Night Heat in a match against Lance Storm who forced him to submit to the sharpshooter. During his WWE career, he was known to team with Mark Jindrak and then later Trevor Murdoch. Cade was released from the company on October 14, 2008. Jim Ross stated on his blog that Cade "made a major league mistake while utilizing bad judgment" and that it was a factor in his departure. Ross also mentioned Cade having a seizure on a plane and him needing emergency medical care as a part of this.

He was a three-time World Tag Team Champion with Trevor Murdoch.

On August 13, 2010, Cade died at the age of 29 of apparent heart failure in San Antonio, Texas. On October 13, the medical examiner in San Antonio ruled that his death was "accidental," and stated that intoxication from mixed drugs complicated a cardiomyopathy and caused his death.






Matt Striker

Matthew Robert Kaye (born June 26 1974) is an American professional wrestler and commentator. He is best known for working for the WWE from 2005 to 2013 under the ring name, Matt Striker. He currently works as a commentator for Championship Wrestling from Hollywood.

He has also won a Slammy Award in 2008 for "Announce Team of the Year" which he shared with Todd Grisham.

On June 20, 2013, he left the WWE when the company did not renew his contract.


Sicko

Sicko was a 2007 documentary movie made by Michael Moore. It explores the American health care system, and compares it to the United Kingdom's, Canada's, France's and Cuba's. It made $24.5 million, making it the third-highest grossing documentary of all time.


Flag of Alabama

The flag of Alabama was adopted by the Alabama state legislature on February 16, 1895.

It's believed that the crimson saltire of the Flag of Alabama was designed to look like the blue saltire of the Confederate battle flag. The Battle Flag was square-shaped, and Alabama's flag is sometimes shown as a square. The authors of a 1917 article in National Geographic expressed their opinion that because the Alabama flag was based on the Battle Flag, it should be square. In 1987, Don Siegelman issued an opinion in which the Battle Flag derivation is repeated, but concluded that the proper shape is rectangular, as it had been depicted numerous times in official publications and reproductions.

However, the saltire design of the Alabama state flag also looks like several other flags. It is identical to the saltire of St. Patrick, incorporated into the British Union Flag to represent the union of the United Kingdom of Great Britain with the Kingdom of Ireland. This has led to other origins being put forth as possibilities.

Flag of Mexico

The Flag of the United Mexican States or Mexico is a tricolor of green, white, and red with an eagle charged in the center of the white stripe. While the meaning of the colors has changed over time, these three colors were adopted by Mexico following independence from Spain during the country's War of Independence. The current flag was adopted in 1968, but the design has been used since 1821. The current law of national symbols, Law on the National Arms, Flag, and Anthem, that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984. Red, white, and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico. The central emblem is the ancient Aztec symbol for Tenochtitlan (now Mexico City), the center of the Aztec Empire. It recalls the legend that inspired the Aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island. The form of the coat of arms was most recently revised in 1968. Aztec legend held that they should found their city on the spot where they saw an eagle on a cactus, eating a snake. There is a ribbon in the national colors at the bottom of the coat of arms.

In the early 14th century, the Mexican people were a wandering tribe of nomads looking for a permanent settlement in modern day central Mexico. They survived by hunting and gathering and were often hired to fight as mercenaries for the city-states scattered throughout the region. According to legend, their god, Huitzilopochtli, told them to establish a city of their own at a site where they would find an eagle eating a snake on the top of a cactus. The legend relates that the people saw the eagle on a small, swampy island in the middle of the shallow mexico lake. The Mexicans invented a resourceful system of gardening, called chinampas, which allowed them to grow small gardens, eventually drying out the lake. In 1325, they completed construction of a city there. That city, which they called Tenochtitlan, became the capital of the Aztec Empire.


Flag of the United Kingdom

The flag of the United Kingdom is the Union Flag or Union Jack. The Union Flag is the national flag of the United Kingdom. It has had the same design since the Act of Union 1800. The flag is made from the flags of the kingdoms of England, Scotland, and Ireland.

There are different flags for use on land and at sea. The flag's measurements at sea are 1:2 (the flag is twice as long as it is wide). On land, it is normal for the flag's proportions to be 3:5.

The use of the flag started (with a different design) in 1606, after James VI and I became the first king of the whole of Great Britain in 1603. Between 1606 and 1801, the Union Flag's design was different to the present flag. At that time, the Kingdom of Ireland was a separate kingdom. (Between the execution of Charles I and the Restoration of Charles II, there was no personal union between Scotland and England, so the Union Flag was not necessary.) Scotland and England became the United Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707. Anne, Queen of Great Britain, chose the Union Flag as the flag of the new kingdom. The United Kingdom and Ireland joined together in 1801. The use of the present British flag started then.

The first Union Flag from 1603 combined the flag of Scotland with the flag of England. The flag of Scotland is a Saint Andrew's Cross because Saint Andrew is the patron saint of Scotland. The flag of England is Saint George's Cross because Saint George is the patron saint of England. When the present United Kingdom started in 1801, the Saint Patrick's Cross started to be a part of the Union Flag. Saint Patrick's Cross was a flag representative of Ireland because Saint Patrick is the patron saint of Ireland. Saint Patrick's Cross is a red saltire (a diagonal cross) with a white background. The flag of Scotland is blue with a white saltire. The flag of England is white with a red horizontal cross. Together they make the Union Flag.

The flag did not change as result of the independence of the Republic of Ireland. The flag did not change when the United Kingdom's name changed from the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland" to the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland". The flag does not contain anything that represents Wales. (In 1603, Wales had long been a part of the kingdom of England.) Some people want a new design because of this. 

The Union Jack has a legacy for flags, and some of the former colonies of Britain have this design on their own flags (i.e. Australia, Fiji, Hawaii, some provinces of Canada, etc.).

Tommy Tynan

Thomas Edward Tynan (born 17 November 1955) is an English retired professional footballer.

Lennie Lawrence

Lennie Lawrence (his real name is Robin Michael Lawrence) is an English former football manager.


Neil Warnock

Neil Warnock (born 1 December 1948) is an English football manager and former player who was most recently the manager of Championship club Huddersfield Town.









Individual

John Gregory

John Gregory (born 11 May 1954) is an English footballer turned manager. He has played for the England national team.

Aston Villa

Chennaiyin FC

Individual

Roberto Carlos

Roberto Carlos (born 10 April 1973) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He often plays left back.

68||5||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||68||5
30||5||2||1||2||1||34||7
370||47||33||4||111||16||514||67
66||5||9||2||27||2||102||9
534||62||44||7||140||19||718||88

!Total||125||11

Bob Wilson (footballer, born 1941)

Bob Wilson (born 30 October 1941) is a former football player. He has played for Scotland national team.

Arsenal

Individual

Sepp Maier

Sepp Maier (born 28 February 1944) is a former German football player. He played for Bayern Munich and the German national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.

Bob Stokoe

Bob Stokoe (21 September 1930 – 1 February 2004) was an English footballer and football manager.

In 1955, he won an FA Cup winner's medal with Newcastle United.

Newcastle United

Blackpool

Sunderland

Lothar Matthäus

Lothar Herbert Matthäus (born 21 March 1961) is a former German football player. He has played for the German national team. He currently holds a record for the most appearances for the German team.

464||121
115||40
16||0
595||161

!Total||150||23

Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig

Field Marshal Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig (born in Edinburgh, Scotland on 19 June 1861, died in London on 29 January 1928) was a British Army general in World War I.

He was the senior commander of the British forces in France from 1915 until the end of the war. Most notably, he led them during the Battle of the Somme, the Third Battle of Ypres (Passchendaele), the Spring Offensive and the final Hundred Days Offensive.

Historians have often argued over whether Haig was a good general. In the years after the war, he was popular. After his death, some historians and politicians wrote books criticising Haig. They argued he made mistakes that led to a lot of casualties among British troops, especially at the Somme and Passchendaele; he has been nicknamed 'Butcher Haig' or 'the Butcher of the Somme'. David Lloyd George, the Prime Minister during the later years of the war, also did not agree with Haig. One of the best known books criticising Haig was Alan Clark's book "The Donkeys" (1961). This is known as the 'lions led by donkeys' view: the idea that Britain had great soldiers but bad generals.

All the same, some veterans, and academic historians have argued that Haig was a great general. For example, John Bourne notes that Haig helped the army use new weapons and technology. John Terraine argues that while the British Army lost a lot of men, this is not surprising given the size of the fighting, and other countries lost far more. Likewise, Gordon Corrigan argues that as a percentage of the population, Britain lost half as many people in the war as France and Germany.

John Charles

John Charles (27 December 1931 - 21 February 2004) was a Welsh football player. He has played for Wales national team.

376||171
160||97
536||268

!Total||38||15

Martin Peters

Martin Stanford Peters (8 November 1943 – 21 December 2019) was an English footballer and manager. He played for England national team.

In 2016, it was announced that Peters had Alzheimer's disease. Peters died on 21 December 2019 in London from the disease at the age of 76.

West Ham

Tottenham

International


Dmitri Sychev

Dmitri Sychev is a Russian football player. He is currently playing for Lokomotiv-Kazanka Moscow. He has been called the "Russian Michael Owen" because of his fast pace and brilliant agility.

José Eulogio Gárate

José Eulogio Gárate is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

241||109
241||109
!Total||18||5

Shinji Ono

Ono was born in Numazu on September 27, 1979. After graduating from Shimizu Commercial High School, he joined J1 League club Urawa Reds in 1998. He became a regular player from first season and he was selected "Rookie of the Year". In summer 2001, he moved to Feyenoord of the Dutch Eredivisie. The club won the 2002 UEFA Cup. In January 2006, he returned to Urawa. The club won the champions in 2006 J1 League and 2007 AFC Champions League. In January 2008, he moved to Germany Bundesliga club Bochum. In January 2010, he returned to Japan and joined his local club Shimizu S-Pulse. In summer 2012, he moved to new club Western Sydney Wanderers in Australian A-League. In January 2014, he returned to Japan and joined J2 League club Consadole Sapporo (later "Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo"). The club won the champions and was promoted to J1. In summer 2019, he moved to J2 club FC Ryukyu. In 2021, he returned to Sapporo.

On April 1, 1998, when Ono was 18 years old, he debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. He played also at the 1998 World Cup. In 1999, he played for the Japan U-20 national team at 1999 World Youth Championship. Japan won the 2nd place at the championship. In 2000, he was selected Japan for 2000 Asian Cup and won the champions. He played at 2001 Confederations Cup and 2002 which held in Japan. He played all matches both tournament and won the 2nd place at 2001 Confederations Cup. He also played at 2004 Summer Olympics as over aged player and 2006 World Cup. He played 56 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 2008.

287||38||24||6||25||8||8||2||344||54
112||19||7||1||colspan="2"|-||29||3||148||23
29||0||3||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||32||0
47||9||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||6||1||53||10
475||66||34||7||25||8||43||6||577||87

!Total||56||6

Iker Casillas

Iker Casillas (born 20 May 1981) is a retired Spanish football player. He used to play for F.C. Porto and Spain national team.

Jamie Murphy

James Murphy (born 25 February 1973) is an English physiotherapist and former professional footballer. He played as a left-back.

Blackpool

List of presidents of Turkey

This is a complete list of presidents of Turkey. The list includes all eleven heads of state that lead the country after the Turkish War of Independence. For a list of rulers of the predecessor Ottoman Empire, see the Ottoman Dynasty.




Weightlifting

Weightlifting first started in the so-called Dark Ages of the human history. It was usually done by the strongest men in villages all over Europe. It was considered to be a sport for the lower classes, however since then it has changed into the sport for other people as well. It has been in the Olympic Games since 1896.
As a competitive sport, Weightlifting is controlled by the "International Weightlifting Federation" (IWF). Based in Budapest, it was founded in 1905.
The "snatch" is one of the two olympic weightlifting events. The essence of the event is to lift a barbell from the platform to locked arms overhead in a smooth continuous movement. The lift requires not only great strength, but mastery of technical skills, a high degree of shoulder flexibility, excellent balance, and speed.

The "clean and jerk" is another olympic weightlifting events. It is a highly technical lift that is known as "the king of lifts" because more weight can be lifted above one's head as compared to any other known weightlifting technique.



Mullet

A mullet is a kind of fish. Mullet often jump out of water. In recent years, "mullet" also came to be a slang word for a hairstyle that is short at the front and top, and long at the back. This slang word is said to have been started by Mike D of the Beastie Boys in 1995, and after 2000 was spread by a small group of people in San Francisco through the Internet.

Flag semaphore

Flag semaphore is a system of spreading information at a distance by using two flags. Information is told by the positions of the flags. Each set of positions has a meaning. 

Signalling uses two flags. The person signalling would often stand on a platform about 6-10ft (1.8 - 3m) above the ground. They would use a bright orange, red and white flag. This was a problem because it made it easier for the enemy to see them and shoot them. The newer system uses two short poles with square flags. The signalman holds one pole in each hand. The poles are held in one of eight possible directions. Except for in the "rest position", the flags do not cross over each other. Flags of different colours are used based on whether the signals are sent by sea or by land. At sea, the flags are coloured red and yellow. On land, they are white and blue. There is also a 'flag alphabet' which consists of many different coloured flags with different symbols on them. Japan has their own flag alphabet.



Asparagales

Asparagales is an order of flowering plants. The order must include the family Asparagaceae, but other families included in the order have varied markedly between different classifications. No one is sure, but it is supposed that this group of plants evolved between the late and early Cretaceous. But because of the difficult classification of the families, it is not entirely certain when they evolved. Asparagales have a many families, including Ashphodelaceae (Xanthorrhoeaceae), which includes daylilies and New Zealand flax.

Asparagaceae

Asparagaceae is the botanical name of a family of flowering plants. Such a family has been recognized by quite a few taxonomists, but hardly universally: often the plants involved are treated as belonging to the family Liliaceae. 

Hesperocallis

Hesperocallis is a genus of flowering plants that includes a single species, Hesperocallis undulata, the desert lily, found in the desert areas of the southwest of North America.

"Hesperocallis" has traditionally been classified in Liliaceae but until recently its relationships have been unclear. Other classifications have included it in Hemerocallidaceae or Funkiaceae. In 1972, Hamilton Traub created the family Hesperocallidaceae with "Hesperocallis" as the sole included genus. The APG II system includes it in the family Asparagaceae in the order Asparagales in the monocots clade but allows for the optional segregation of Hesperocallidaceae as a monophyletic family when several other families are likewise segregated. Recent molecular systematic studies have confirmed a close relationship with "Agave" and its inclusion in family Agavaceae has been recommended (Pires et al. 2004).

Laurales

The Laurales are an order of flowering plants. They are a basal group of dicots. They are related to, and sometimes included in, the Magnoliales.

The order includes 85-90 genera from seven families of trees and shrubs. Most of the species are tropical and subtropical, though a few genera reach the temperate zone. The best known species in this order are those of the Lauraceae (for example bay laurel or "Laurus", cinnamon or "Cinnamomum", avocado or "Persea", and "Sassafras"), and the spice bush or "Calycanthus" of the Calycanthaceae.

The earliest lauraceous fossils are from the Cretaceous. It is possible that the ancient origin of this order is one of the reasons for its highly diverged morphology. Indeed, at present no one trait is known which would unify all the members of Laurales. This used to cause much argument among botanists about the correct limits of the order. The presently classification is based on recent molecular and genetic analysis.

Hasbro

Hasbro is an American toy company. It is one of the biggest toy and electronic audio game makers in the world (including board games), only Mattel is larger. Other companies competing are Supe Impulse and Moose Toys. Hasbro also makes "Monopoly", a popular board game. Their main office is in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, United States. The company is best known for their popular 1990's electronic audio game Bop It, which got re-designed in 2008 with a series of designs which one is released each year and kept using the same voice actor known as Buddy Rubino. Rubino never knew what a Bop It was, so he researched the game before doing the actual recordings for the toy. Hasbro has also joined up with many other companies such as Tiger Electronics who made the following audio games: Brain Warp (1997 and 2002), Brain Bash (1994), Brain Shift (1998) and Boogey Ball (1999/2000). They also make a popular memory game called Simon which involves memorizing flashing lights and sounds. A Harry Potter style Simon game was released in 2001. The game Simon Swipe invented by long time inventor Dan Klitsner was released in 2014 and was copyrighted and made in 2013. There is also a Micro Series version that was released in 2014. On October 12, 2021, Longtime Hasbro CEO Brian Goldner died.

Bay leaf

Bay leaf (plural bay leaves), (Greek "Daphni", Romanian "Foi de Dafin") is the aromatic leaf of several species of the Laurel family (Lauraceae). Fresh or dried bay leaves are used in cooking for their distinctive flavor and fragrance. 


Ginger

Ginger is a flowering plant whose rhizome, ginger root or ginger, is used as a spice and a folk medicine.

It is a herbaceous perennial which grows annual pseudostems. These are false stems made of rolled leaves: about one meter tall with narrow leaf blades. The inflorescences come directly from the rhizome on separate shoots.

Ginger is used as a cooking spice throughout the world. The ginger plant has long been cultivated. It came from China and spread to India, Southeast Asia, West Africa, and the Caribbean.

Ginger is also a term used to describe a red-brown colour, as in ginger hair.

Revenue

Revenue (or revenues) is income that an organization receives from its normal business activities. In the case of a corporation this is usually from the sale of goods and services to customers. In the case of a government, revenue usually comes from various taxes. In addition to sale of goods and services, some companies also receive revenue from interest, dividends or royalties paid to them by other companies.

First and foremost, it's important to note that revenue isn't the same thing as profit. Profit represents what is left over after all expenses are subtracted from revenues (gross margin). It would be possible for a company to generate high levels of revenue without earning any profit at all. For example, if Company A makes $1 million in sales but incurs $2 million in costs, then Company A will have zero net profit (or alternatively negative net profits).

Net income

Net income is equal to the income that a company has after subtracting costs and expenses from the total revenue. Net income can be distributed among holders of common stock as a dividend or held by the firm as retained earnings.

It is computed as the residual of all revenues and gains less all expenses and losses for the period, and has also been defined as the net increase in shareholders' equity that results from a company's operations. It is different from gross income, which only deducts the cost of goods sold from revenue.

For households and individuals, net income refers to the (gross) income minus taxes and other deductions (e.g. mandatory pension contributions).

Real time (media)

Real time in a narrative is where the events in the story take the same amount of time to happen as they do for the audience to experience them. If a movie told in real time is two hours long, as in "Rope", then the plot of that movie covers two hours of fictional time. For example, in the TV series "24", an hour long episode represents an hour of events on the program.

Southern Cone

The term Southern Cone (, ) refers to a geographic region composed of the southernmost areas of South America, below the Tropic of Capricorn. Due to geographical affinities, natural, economic and social, the Southern Cone is usually understood as the region that includes all of Argentina, Chile and Uruguay, the southern states of Brazil (and sometimes part of São Paulo state, because have several features in common: proximity, the high rate of industrialization and urbanization and the high GDP). In rare exceptions - just because geographical reasons - sometimes also includes Paraguay and southern Bolivia, although both have fundamentally different characteristics of other countries (such as standards of living, industrialization, ethnicity, etc.)


1936–37 NHL season

The 1936–37 NHL season was the 20th season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Eight teams each played 48 games. The Detroit Red Wings were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the New York Rangers three games to two in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"


William M. Jennings

William M. Jennings (December 14, 1920 – August 17, 1981) was an owner in the National Hockey League.

Born in New York, New York, Jennings was owner of the New York Rangers from 1959 until his death in 1981. The William M. Jennings Trophy was named in his honour. Jennings also helped initiate the Lester Patrick Trophy in 1966, which he would win in 1971. He was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1975, and the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 1981.

Robert Esche

Robert Esche (born January 22, 1978 in Whitesboro, New York) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Kontinental Hockey League's St. Petersburg SKA.


Played for the United States in:



Concussion

Concussion is an injury to the brain caused by being hit on the head, as often happens in motor vehicle collisions, fights or contact sports such as football. It is the most common form of traumatic brain injury. Related terms include mild brain injury, mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI), mild head injury (MHI), and minor head trauma. Patients with severe concussion are occasionally monitored in hospital. The main reason for this is the risk of bleeding in the brain, which can be life-threatening. 

Common symptoms of concussion include: headache, dizziness, fatigue, problems with vision, confusion and loss of consciousness. A person with a mild concussion may have nothing more than a headache or brief confusion. In more severe cases, symptoms tend to last longer, and may include loss of consciousness. Other associated symptoms are: worsening headache, inability to wake, dilation of the eyes, vomiting, nausea, loss of coordination and weakness of extremities. 

Symptoms may last less than a week in minor cases, but recovery from more severe concussions can take up to 4 weeks. The most common causes of concussions are accidents; in some cases, wearing a helmet can help prevent major damage. 

One often underreported symptom of concussion is aphasia.  Aphasia is the loss of ability to produce or understand speech; it is caused by brain damage.  Most of the important areas for speech and language are located in the left hemisphere. As such, patients who have concussions due to injury on the left side of the head could be more at risk for these symptoms. 

The most common kinds of aphasia associated with traumatic brain injury are amnestic aphasia and verbal paraphasia.  Amnesic aphasia, also known as anomia, is an issue with word finding where patients struggle to find words for objects that they once knew.  There is no impairment of comprehension associated with anomia. This can be especially challenging for students trying to return to school and professionals returning to work.  The second kind of aphasia associated with concussion is verbal paraphasia, the substitution of one word for another.  Typically, the substituted word will have a similar meaning as the word it replaces; e.g. substituting sock with shoe. 

As with most concussion symptoms, aphasia symptoms correlated with concussion typically get progressively better, as evidenced by a study done by Inger Vibeke Thomsen. Of the concussion patients studied that showed aphasia symptoms, only one patient had long term aphasia.  The others showed almost full recovery. 

The National Aphasia Association recognizes that concussions can cause aphasia.  In serious concussions, aphasia is a documented symptom and can be temporary or permanent.  This is correlated to injury of brain regions that are important for language production. However, traumatic brain injuries usually effect multiple areas of the brain, so other symptoms will also be present. The damage causing aphasia will usually be on the left side of the brain.

Mercury-in-glass thermometer

The mercury-in-glass thermometer was invented by Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit in Amsterdam (1714). It is a bulb containing Mercury attached to a glass tube of narrow diameter. The volume of mercury in the tube is much less than the volume in the bulb. The volume of mercury changes slightly with temperature. The small change in volume drives the narrow mercury column up the tube. The space above the mercury may be filled with nitrogen or it may be at less than atmospheric pressure, a partial vacuum. 

Mercury cannot be used to measure temperatures lower than -39˚C (as mercury freezes at that point) or temperature higher than 356.7˚C (the boiling point of mercury). Mercury has been replaced largely by alcohol for use in thermometers. Ethanol is cheaper and safer than mercury and can be used as low as -80˚C. However, ethanol boils at 78°C (172.4°F), which means its upper limit is much lower than mercury thermometers.

Language reform

Language reform is a type of language planning. Language reforms make big changes to a language. These changes are usually done to make a language simpler to understand or to write. Sometimes changes are done to make the language purer; that is, to get rid of foreign parts of the language, or to get rid of parts of the language that are not grammatical.

Simplification makes the language easier to use. It tries to regularise spelling, vocabulary, and grammar. Purification makes the language similar to a version of the language that people think is more pure.

Sometimes language reforms were done to unite the people speaking the language. For this reason, many language reforms happened in 19th century Europe when there was a rise of nationalist movements.

The most common form of language reform involves changing the orthography of words. This is known as spelling reform. The grammar of a language also may be changed to simplify inflection, syntax, vocabulary and word formation. English for example uses many different prefixes that mean "the opposite of", like "un-", "in-/im-", "a(n)-", "de-". A language reform might suggest using only one prefix to mean "the opposite of", for example "un-". On top of this, there are words such as "good" and "bad" that roughly mean the opposite of each other, but would be better (in terms of simplicity) portrayed as "good" and "ungood", so the word "bad" is not part of the language anymore.

Another good example of what language simplification can do is the word "flammable". Flammable means that something can catch fire easily. Originally the word was "inflammable", from Latin "inflammare" - put something on fire. "In-" is also a prefix that can mean "the opposite of", like with "transparent", "intransparent". Today most instructions use "flammable" rather than "inflammable", in order not to confuse people that the "in-" in this case does not mean the opposite of.

Several major world languages have been subject to big spelling reforms: French (in the 16th, 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries), Spanish (in the 18th century), Portuguese (in 1910, in Portugal, and in 1946 and 1972, in Brazil), German (in 1901/02 and 1996/98) and Russian (in 1728 and 1919).

Some people feel that it is bad to change a language. They want to keep a language the way it is now, or they want to take back changes to the language that have been done earlier. Sometimes, purism can make a language more complex, because people add false etymologies:

Examples of language reforms are:



Beaufort scale

The Beaufort scale is a scale for measuring wind speeds. It is based on observation rather than accurate measurement. It is the most widely used system to measure wind speed today. The scale was developed in 1805 by Francis Beaufort, an officer of the Royal Navy and first officially used by HMS Beagle.

There are twelve levels, plus 0 for "no wind". From 1946 to 1970, there were also beaufort levels 13 to 17. All of them were labelled as "Hurricane". Because they were only used in special cases, they are no longer in use internationally. China, and Taiwan still use them, because they often have typhoons. 

The wave heights given are for waves on the open ocean, not near the shore.

The Douglas Sea Scale and Douglas Wind Scale are similar, but they separate the sea from the wind.


The Wheel of Time

The Wheel of Time is a long running fantasy series of novels written by American author Robert Jordan. The first in the series, "The Eye of the World" was published in 1990, and the last, "A Memory of Light", was published in 2009. Jordan died while he was writing the last book, so it was finished by Brandon Sanderson. "A Memory of Light" was split into three parts as the book length was too long.


Robert Jordan

Robert Jordan (October 17, 1948 – September 16, 2007) was the pen or writing name of the American fantasy author James Oliver Rigney Jr. He was most famous for writing the long, epic fanasy series "The Wheel of Time". He died from amyloidosis before he was able to finish the series. The last volume "A Memory of Light" was split into three and was completed by fellow American fantasy writer Brandon Sanderson.

"The Wheel of Time" is an epic fantasy series that centers around Rand al'Thor, a young man destined to be the Dragon Reborn, the savior figure of the story. The Dragon Reborn is prophesied to lead the forces of the Light (the forces of good) to fight the Dark One (the main antagonist) at the Last Battle.



Brian Burke

Brian Thomas Burke (born 25 February 1947) was the 23rd Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 to 25 February 1988. He was from the Labor Party. He worked as a journalist before becoming a politician. As Premier he was popular at first but later on his government was involved in a number of private companies that failed. He resigned to become an ambassador. During the 1990s he was convicted of committing crimes while he was Premier and spent time in prison. 

Ray O'Connor

Raymond James O'Connor (6 March 1926 - 25 February 2013) was the 22nd Premier of Western Australia from 25 January 1982 until 25 February 1983. He was from the Liberal Party. He became Premier when Charles Court resigned. Later he was convicted of fraud and spent time in prison.

Charles Court

Sir Charles Walter Michael Court (29 September 1911 – 22 December 2007) was the 21st Premier of Western Australia from 8 April 1974 to 25 January 1982. He was from the Liberal Party. He became a politician in 1953. His son, Richard, was also a Premier.

Chang'an

Chang'an was the capital of ancient China of more than ten dynasties in Chinese history. Chang'an literally means "Perpetual Peace" in Classical Chinese. During the Xin Dynasty, the city was renamed "Constant Peace"; yet after its fall in the year 23 AD, the old name was restored. During the Ming Dynasty, the name was changed to its present name Xi'an, meaning "Western Peace".

The imperial city of Chang'an during the Han Dynasty was in northwest of today's Xi'an. During the Tang Dynasty, the area to be known as Chang'an included the area inside the Ming Xi'an fortification, plus some small areas to its east and west, and a major part of its southern suburbs. The Tang Chang'an was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi'an. During this time Chang'an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world. Around 750 A.D. Chang'an was called a "million people's city" in Chinese records, while modern estimates put it at around 800,000–1,000,000 within city walls.

In 710, the grid of Japan's capital city at Heijō-kyō was planned to mirror the grid of Chang'an. In 794, the plan of the new capital at Heian-kyō also mirrored the Chang'an design.



John Tonkin

John Trezise Tonkin (2 February 1902 – 20 October 1995) was the 20th Premier of Western Australia from 3 March 1971 to 8 April 1974. He was from the Labor Party.

He was born in Boulder City in 1902. Educated in local schools Tonkin became a teacher in rural Western Australia. An active member of the Labor Party, he was Prime Minister John Curtin's campaign manager for the 1943 election. He was elected to the Western Australian parliament for the seat of North East Fremantle (1933–1950), and for the seat of Melville (1950–1977). He was a Cabinet Minister (1943–1947), Deputy Premier (1953–1959), Leader of the Opposition (1967–1971 and 1974–1976), and Premier (1971–1974). He retired from parliament in 1977 and died in 1995.

Albert Tonkin, born in Boulder, Western Australia, in 1902, became a teacher after attending Claremont Teachers College. He married Rosalie Maud Cleghorn in 1926 and later moved to Perth, where he taught and studied accounting.

David Brand

Sir David Brand (1 August 1912 – 15 April 1979) was the 19th Premier of Western Australia from 2 April 1959 to 3 March 1971. He was from the Liberal Party.

Albert Hawke

Albert ("Bert") Redvers George Hawke (3 December 1900 – 14 February 1986) was the 18th Premier of Western Australia from 23 February 1953 to 2 April 1959. He was from the Labor Party. His nephew, Bob, became Prime Minister of Australia in the 1980s.

Ross McLarty

Sir Duncan Ross McLarty (17 March 1891 – 22 December 1962) was the 17th Premier of Western Australia from 1 April 1947 to 23 February 1953. He was from the Liberal Party.

Frank Wise

Frank Joseph Scott Wise (30 May 1897 – 29 June 1986) was the 16th Premier of Western Australia from 31 July 1945 to 1 April 1947. He was from the Labor Party.

Wise was born in Queensland and after finishing high school he became a tropical fruit farmer. He joined the Queensland Department of Agriculture, and later moved to Western Australia to work with the WA Department of Agriculture. He brought banana plants from Queensland to grow in the Gascoyne region around Carnarvon. He was elected to the Western Australian parliament in 1933 and became the Minister for Agriculture in 1936.

He became Premier of Western Australia after John Willcock resigned in 1945. His government was defeated in the 1947 election. He then became Leader of the Opposition for four years. He resigned from parliament in 1951 to become the Administrator of the Northern Territory.

Early modern Europe

The early modern period is a term used by historians for the period in Western Europe and its first colonies which spans the three centuries between the Middle Ages and the Industrial Revolution.

The early modern period is characterized by the rise to importance of science and technological progress, civic politics and the nation state. Capitalism began its rise, beginning in northern Italian republics such as Genoa. The early modern period also saw the rise and dominance of the economic theory of mercantilism. As such, the early modern period represents the decline and eventual disappearance, in much of the European sphere, of feudalism, serfdom and the power of the Catholic Church.

The period includes the Protestant Reformation, the Thirty Years' War, the European colonization of the Americas and the peak of the European hunt of witches.

The beginning of the early modern period is not clear-cut, but is generally accepted to be in the late 15th century or early 16th century. Significant dates in this phase from medieval to early modern Europe are:


The end date of the early modern period is associated with the Industrial Revolution, which began in Britain in about 1750, or the beginning of the French Revolution in 1789, which drastically transformed the state of European politics.

Among the most important political changes of this time are the abolition of serfdom and the change of kingdoms into nation-states. Then the Reformation, that meant that Christendom was no unified entity any more. Many kings and rulers used this radical shift in the understanding of the world to further consolidate their sovereignty over their territories. For instance, many of the Germanic states (as well as English Reformation) converted to Protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the power of the Pope.

The intellectual developments of the period included the creation of the economic theory of mercantilism and the publication of works of political and social philosophy, such as Machiavelli's "The Prince" (1513) and Thomas More's "Utopia" (1515).

The expression "early modern" is sometimes, and incorrectly, used as a substitute for the term Renaissance. However, "Renaissance" is properly used in relation to a diverse series of cultural developments; which occurred over several hundred years in many different parts of Europe—especially central and northern Italy—and span the transition from late Medieval civilization and the opening of the early modern period.

The term early modern is most often applied to Europe, and its overseas empire. However, in Japan, the Edo period from 1590 to 1868 is also sometimes referred to as the early modern period.




Kevin Moore (rugby league)

Kevin Moore (born 30 November 1965, in St Johns Lakemba, New South Wales, Australia) is a rugby league coach and former player. He was the head coach for the Bulldogs in the NRL from 2009 to 2011. As a player, he played as a scrum-half.


Roman Čechmánek

Roman Čechmánek (March 2, 1971 in Gottwaldov (now called Zlín), Czechoslovakia – 12 November 2023) was a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender. He died on 12 November 2023, at the age of 52.

His only Olympic appearance was for the Czech Republic in the 1998 Winter Olympics. Backing-up star goaltender Dominik Hašek, Čechmánek's team won the gold medal after defeating Russia in the gold medal deciding match, despite not playing a single game. Czech Republic won in a tight 1–0 game.

His other debuts were in the 2004 and 2007 IHWC also playing for the Czech Republic team.


Jaromír Jágr

Jaromír Jágr ( , born February 15, 1972 in Kladno, Czechoslovakia, now the Czech Republic) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger, who plays for the Florida Panthers in the National Hockey League (NHL). Jágr formerly played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins, Washington Capitals, New York Rangers, Philadelphia Flyers, Dallas Stars, Boston Bruins, and the New Jersey Devils. Jágr is currently in the top ten among players in NHL career goals, assists, and points, and is regarded as one of the game's all-time great players.






Spinning jenny

The spinning jenny is a multi-spool spinning wheel. It was invented around 1764 by James Hargreaves (c. 1720 – 22 April 1778) in Stanhill, near Blackburn, Lancashire in the northwest of England. The device meant that there was much less work needed to produce yarn. A single worker could work eight or more spools at once.

The spinning jenny was a huge success due to the fact that it could hold more than one ball of yarn, therefore making more clothing materials in a shorter amount of time while reducing the overall cost.

Thomas Highs (1718–1803) also claimed patents on the spinning jenny, and on other machines for cloth production.



Roman Turek

Roman Turek (born May 21, 1970 in Strakonice, Czechoslovakia — now the Czech Republic) is a professional ice hockey goaltender, who played for the Dallas Stars, St. Louis Blues, and Calgary Flames in a 9-year National Hockey League career. Currently he is playing in the Czech Extraliga for HC České Budějovice.




Driveshaft

A driveshaft, drive shaft, driving shaft, propeller shaft, or Cardan shaft is a part of a machine that takes power from the engine or motor to a place where useful work can be done.

Most engines or motors create power as torque by making something rotate. This can be from an internal combustion engine (as in a car), water driving a water wheel, or gas or water going through a turbine. This rotating power is called torque. The load that is turned creates torsion and shear stress. Drive shafts need to be strong enough to take this stress. A light drive shaft will more efficiently move the power to the load, so there needs to be a balance between strength and weight.

Most automobiles today use drive shafts to deliver power from the engine to the wheels. Most cars made today are front wheel drive (the front wheels have the power to move the car). In this case, the drive shafts are between the transaxle and each front wheels.

In rear wheel drive cars, there are drive shafts between the differential and each rear wheel. There is also a drive shaft running the length of the car, from the transmission up front to the differential in the back - in British English this is not called a drive shaft, but a propeller shaft, or prop-shaft, and the drive shafts may be called half shafts (since there are two that make one axle). 

There are different types of drive shafts used in automobiles:

The Slip in Tube Drive shaft is the new type which helps absorb energy in a crash, protecting the people in the car or truck. It is also known as a collapsible drive shaft.

Drive shafts have been used on motorcycles almost as long as there have been motorcycles. Many motorcycles use a simpler chain or belt drive instead, but drive shafts need less care, and have a long life. A problem with using drive shafts on a motorcycle is that gearing is needed to turn the power 90° from the shaft to the rear wheel, losing some power in the process.

Farm tractors use a type of drive shaft called a Power Take-off shaft, or PTO shaft. This is a shaft that comes out the back of the tractor. It can be connected to any farm equipment that needs power from the tractor engine, such as a hay baler or corn chopper. 

The drive shaft can also be used in a bicycle instead of chain-drive. They have been used for the past century, although never becoming very popular. When used on a bicycle, a drive shaft has several advantages and disadvantages:



Power loom

The term power loom, corresponds to a mechanized loom powered by a driveshaft. The first "power loom" was designed in 1784 by Edmund Cartwright and first built in 1785, later to be perfected by William Horrocks. It allowed textile making to be done far faster than if a human had done the same work. By 1850, over 250,000 of Cartwright's designs were used in England. James Henry Northrop invented the automatic "weft replenishment" loom. It revolutionized the weaving industry. Some 700,000 "Northrop" automatic looms were sold worldwide.

Originally, power looms used a shuttle to throw the weft across, but in the early part of the 20th century the faster and more efficient shuttleless loom came into use. Today, advances in technology have produced a variety of looms designed to maximize production for specific types of material. The most common of these are air-jet looms and water-jet looms. Computer-driven looms are now also available to individual home weavers. 

Ahmadiyya

Ahmadiyya (), fully known as Ahmadiyya Muslim Community is an Islamic mahdist movement founded in the 19th Century by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad who claimed to be the Mahdi and Promised Messiah. Ahmad wanted to restore Islam's original message. It was started in Punjab before British Raj was split into the modern day states of India and Pakistan. There are 10-20 million followers of Ahmadiyya in the world. Pakistan is believed to have the largest Ahmadiyya population with 4-5 million followers. 

They believe that upon divine guidance he purged Islam of foreign accretions in belief and practice by championing what is, in their view, Islam's original precepts as practised by Muhammad and the early Muslim community. Ahmadis thus view themselves as leading the propagation and renaissance of Islam.

Mirza Ghulam Ahmad claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies for the Mahdi. In addition to being a Mahdi, he was also called the Mujaddid (divine reformer) of the 14th Islamic century and the promised Messiah. He founded the movement in 1889 and named it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jamaat (Community). His goal was to restore life into Islam.

Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice the Islam that was taught and practised by Muhammad and his followers. In 1914, after the death of Nooruddin, the first successor of Ghulam Ahmad, the movement split into two different groups, over a question of who should become the next Caliph. Both groups still exist today. These movements are the Ahmadiyya Community and the smaller Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement for the Propagation of Islam. The groups have different interpretations of Ahmad's teachings and claims. They also have different opinions on the status of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad and his successor, and how this person should be chosen.

The larger faction of the Ahmadiyya Movement, known as the Ahmadiyya Community is active in 190 countries of the world. The international headquarters of the Ahmadiyya Community is currently in London, England. The smaller faction, known as the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement, is active in 17 countries of the world. They are most notable in Germany, Australia and Pakistan. The International Headquarters of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement is in the town of Lahore, Pakistan where the Lahore Movement started. Within Lahore, Pakistan, are the "Ahmadiyya Buildings Lahore" which act as the international administrative base for the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement.

Controversial points include the Ahmadiyya view on the death and return of Jesus and their concept of Jihad. The Ahmadiyya community also has a different interpretation of verse 33:40 of the Qur'an. This verse talks about Muhammad as the Seal of the Prophets. The members of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement do not believe Mirza Ghulam Ahmad was a prophet. They are more close to traditional mainstream Islam. Although mainstream Muslims consider them as heretics. Ahmadis (particularly the International Ahmadiyya Muslim Community) argue that their beliefs are in accordance with Islam. They use arguments from the Qur'an, Hadith and opinion of Islamic jurists and theologians, to challenge the groups calling them non-Muslims.

Ahmadis have translated the Qur'an in all the main languages of the world. They broadcast globally on their 24-hour satellite television channels such as MTA 1, MTA 2, MTA 3, and a recently introduced MTA Africa. Ahmadis have provided teachers, doctors and humanitarian relief workers in many developing countries. The fourth Caliph, Hazrat Mirza Tahir Ahmad helped to promote homeopathy as a system of medicine by training practitioners through a regular TV class and establishing many free dispensaries around the world.

The Ahmadiyyas are regarded as heretics by the orthodox Muslims because Mirza Ghulam Ahmad proclaimed himself the Mahdi of Islam as well as the second coming of Jesus. In addition, Ahmadis also differ on the interpretation of the Finality of Prophethood . Orthodox Muslims consider Muhammad to be the last Prophet. The Ahmadiyya view is that Muhammad was the final law-bearing prophet. 

Most Muslims do not call Ahmadis Muslims, but use the derogative term 'Qadianis' (referring to Qadian, India, the birthplace of Ahmad) and Mirzai (referring to Mirza Ahmad). These terms are used as Ahmadis are considered 'unworthy' of using the name Ahmad, an alternative name for Muhammad.


Paris Métro

The Paris Métro or Métropolitain () is a rapid transit system in Paris, France. The network is mostly underground. It has 19 lines, which together are 225.1 km (139.9 mi) long. There are 304 stations. 17 of these lines are owned by RATP, the state-owned public transport operator in Île-de-France, and 2 by Paris Airport. 

The Paris Métro is a symbol of the city. Notable is its Art Nouveau architecture at the older entrances. It is the second busiest metro system in Europe, after Moscow. It carries 4.16 million passengers a day, and an annual total of 1.52 billion (2015). 

The first line opened on 19 July 1900, during the 1900 World's Fair ("Exposition Universelle"). The system expanded quickly and the core was complete by the 1920s. Extensions into suburbs were built in the 1930s. The network reached saturation after World War II. The Métro introduced newer trains to allow higher traffic, but further improvements have been limited by the design of the network and in particular the short distances between stations. Besides the Métro, Downtown Paris and its urban area are served by a number of other transit systems.


Heroes (TV series)

Heroes is an American television show on the network NBC in the US, BBC 2 in the UK and various other stations worldwide. It is about a group of people who have superpowers. It was shown from 2006-2010.


Eddie Su'a

Eddie Su'a (born 13 January 1983) is an Australian former rugby league player. He played for the Cronulla Sharks in the NRL in 2007. He played as a prop.


String (music)

A string in music is a string made of steel, nylon, or gut which vibrates on string instruments, such as the guitar, harp, piano, or violin. They are usually under tension to help them vibrate.


Peter Sellers

Richard Henry "Peter" Sellers (8 September 1925 – 24 July 1980) was an English actor and comedian best known for his three roles in "Dr. Strangelove", as "Inspector Clouseau" in "The Pink Panther" movies, and as Clare Quilty in the original 1962 screen version of "Lolita".

Boris Johnson

Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson (born 19 June 1964) is a British politician and journalist. He was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and the Leader of the Conservative Party from 23 July 2019 to 5 September 2022. Johnson was the Member of Parliament for Uxbridge and South Ruislip from 2015 to 2023. He represented the constituency of Henley from 2001 to 2008. 

In the 2008 Mayor of London election he was elected as London's second Mayor. He stopped working as mayor to run as an MP for the House of Commons in 2015. In July 2016, Johnson became Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs. He resigned this position in July 2018. This was the same day that David Davis resigned as Brexit Secretary. Jeremy Hunt became the Secretary of State for Foreign affairs and Commonwealth Affairs after Johnson. 

Johnson served on the Conservative front bench under Michael Howard for a short time. He was the Shadow Minister for the Arts from April 2004 until November 2004. He became a backbencher again after a sex scandal. Johnson returned to the front bench when David Cameron became leader of the Conservative Party in 2005. Johnson became Shadow Minister for Higher Education. He resigned as editor of "The Spectator" to spend more time on his new role. On 26 August 2014, Johnson said he would stand as Conservative candidate for MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip in the 2015 General Election. He won the election. He did not run for the 2016 London mayoral election. Labour candidate Sadiq Khan became the new London mayor.

Johnson was in support of Brexit during the 2016 membership referendum. The vote decided that the United Kingdom would leave the European Union. Theresa May became the new Prime Minister. She chose Johnson as Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs in July 2016. Johnson left May's cabinet in July 2018 after her Brexit agreements failed.

Johnson became the party leader in the 2019 Conservative Party leadership election. On 20 June, Johnson and Jeremy Hunt became the last two candidates in the election. He became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on 24 July 2019. The Conservatives won the 2019 United Kingdom general election on 13 December 2019. Johnson continued as Prime Minister. In early April 2020, Johnson was very sick due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In June 2022, Johnson survived a motion-of-no confidence to remove him as Prime Minister. However a month later on 7 July, after many cabinet members resigned over his handling of the Chris Pincher scandal, Johnson announced his resignation as Prime Minister and was replaced by Liz Truss in September 2022. However a month later, following his Truss's resignation, Johnson was seen as a possible candidate to replace her. He chose not to run again despite expectations.

Boris Johnson was born at Weill Cornell Medical Center in Upper East Side in New York City, New York. He is the eldest of the four children of Stanley Johnson. Stanley is a former Conservative MEP (Member of the European Parliament). He was also an employee of the European Commission and the World Bank. Boris Johnson's mother is the painter Charlotte Fawcett (later Wahl). She is the daughter of Sir James Fawcett, a prominent barrister and the president of the European Commission of Human Rights.

On his father's side Johnson is the great-grandson of Ali Kemal. Kemal was a liberal Turkish journalist and interior minister in the government of Damat Ferid Pasha, Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire. He was murdered during the Turkish War of Independence. During World War I, Boris's grandfather and great aunt were recognised as British subjects. They took their grandmother's maiden name of Johnson. Johnson has described himself as a "one-man melting pot" because of his cosmopolitan ancestry. His ancestors were Muslims, Jews and Christians if one counts his great-grandparents. His father's maternal (his mother's) grandmother, Marie Louise de Pfeffel, was a descendent of Prince Paul of Württemberg. This was due to the Prince's relationship with a German actress. Johnson is a descendent of King George II of Great Britain through Prince Paul. Johnson is also a descendent of all the previous British royal houses through George's great-great-great grandfather, King James I of England.

Johnson and his family went back to England soon after he was born because his mother needed to take her Oxford finals. Johnson's sister Rachel was born a year later. As a child, Boris Johnson had severe (bad) deafness. He had many operations to have grommets put in his ears. He was reportedly quite quiet as a child. He was educated at the European School in Brussels, Ashdown House and then at Eton College. At Eton, he was a King's Scholar. He read Classics at Balliol College, Oxford. He was a Brackenbury scholar. He was elected President of the Oxford Union at his second try. Radek Sikorski said that Johnson acted as a supporter of the Social Democratic Party to win the Union presidency because the party was popular at the university. Johnson says no, he was only the SDP's preferred candidate. Along with David Cameron he was a member of Oxford's Bullingdon Club. The club is a student dining society known for its raucous feasts.

In 1987 Johnson married Allegra Mostyn-Owen. The marriage lasted less than a year. It was dissolved in 1993. He married the barrister Marina Wheeler later the same year. Wheeler is the daughter of journalist and broadcaster Sir Charles Wheeler and his Sikh Indian wife, Dip Singh. The Wheeler and Johnson families have known each other for many years. Marina Wheeler was at the European School in Brussels at the same time as Boris Johnson. They have two sons—Theodore Apollo (born 1999) and Milo Arthur (born 1995)—and two daughters—Lara Lettice (born 1993) and Cassia Peaches (born 1997).

In 2016 Johnson renounced his American citizenship. He was American because he was born in New York. In 2018, Johnson and Wheeler announced their separation and soon divorced in 2020. He later developed a relationship with Carrie Symonds around the same time he separated from Wheeler. They became engaged in late 2019. Their first son was born on 29 April 2020 in London. His name is Wilfred Lawrie Nicholas Johnson. Symonds and Johnson got married in May 2021. They had their second child, a daughter, on 9 December 2021. Her name is Romy Iris Charlotte Johnson. A son, named Frank, was born in July 2023. 

Johnson ran for MP of Clwyd South in the 1997 general election. He lost the election. In 2001, he was elected MP for Henley. He replaced Michael Heseltine. In 2004 he became Shadow Minister for the Arts after Nick Hawkins (the Shadow Home Affairs Spokesman) resigned. Johnson was vice-chairman of the Conservative Party from November 2003. He put an emphasis on campaigning. Johnson was sacked from these high-profile posts in November 2004. He was accused of lying to Michael Howard about a four-year extramarital affair with Petronella Wyatt, "The Spectator"'s New York correspondent and former deputy editor. Johnson said the allegations were not true. He said they were "an inverted pyramid of piffle". However, Howard sacked Johnson because he believed press reports showed Johnson had lied, and not because of the affair itself.

The new Conservative Leader David Cameron made him Shadow Minister for Higher Education on 9 December 2005. Johnson resigned as editor of "The Spectator" soon after this. On 2 April 2006 the "News of the World" said that Johnson had had another extramarital affair. They said the affair was with journalist Anna Fazackerley from the"Times Higher Education Supplement". A video shows him coming out her flat and waving to her in a taxi. In a speech at the University of Exeter concerning student finance, Johson allegedly made funny remarks about his gratitude to the audience for not "raising other issues" during the talk. This may have been a reference to the allegations about the second affair. A report in "The Times" said that Cameron saw the possible affair as a private matter. He said that Johnson would not lose his job over it.

Johnson told the press he may be a Conservative candidate for the London mayoral election in 2008 on 16 July 2007. Reports said he declared that "the opportunity is too great and the prize too wonderful to miss ... the chance to represent London and speak for Londoners". He resigned as Shadow Minister for Higher Education. A public London wide primary gave him 75% of the vote. He was confirmed as the Conservative candidate on 27 September 2007.

On 7 May 2008, Johnson said he wanted to ban (stop) people drinking alcohol on the London transport system. This was meant to start on 1 June. Jeroen Weimar, Transport for London's director of transport policing and enforcement, said this was reasonable. He said people should be more considerate on trains. The ban initially applied on the London Underground, Buses, DLR and Croydon Trams. The London Overground was added later in June 2008. Press releases said that the ban was for "stations across the capital". It did not say if this included National Rail stations - especially the stations not served by the TfL lines on which alcohol is banned.

Thousands of drinkers used the Underground system on the last evening on which alcohol was allowed to mark the event. Six London Underground stations had to close because of the trouble. Drinkers assaulted a number of staff and police. Police made 17 arrests. Drinkers damaged several trains. The trains were withdrawn from service.

Johnson was present at the closing ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He was London's representative to receive the Olympic flag from Guo Jinlong, the Mayor of Beijing. This was to formally announce London as Olympic host city for 2012. The Chinese media said he was "rude, arrogant and disrespectful" for accepting the Olympic flag with one hand, putting his hands in his pockets and not buttoning up his jacket. Later, at a party held at London House in Beijing, Johnson gave a speech in which he declared "ping pong is coming home".

In August 2014, Johnson said that he would run as the Conservative candidate for Uxbridge and South Ruislip at the 2015 general election. He became the party's candidate in September. In the May 2015 general election Johnson won the election. He became MP. Some thought he ran for MP to replace David Cameron as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

In February 2016, Johnson supported Vote Leave for the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. After Johnson said he wanted to leave the European Union, Brexit approval dropped nearly 2% to its lowest level since March 2009. 

On 22 June 2016, Johnson said that 23 June could be "Britain's independence day" in a televised debate in front of a 6000-member audience at Wembley Arena. David Cameron, British Prime Minister at the time, talked about Johnson's claim. He said: "the idea that our country isn't independent is nonsense. This whole debate demonstrates our sovereignty."

David Cameron resigned as Prime Minister after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. Johnson was the favourite to be the new Prime Minister. However, Johnson announced he would not stand in the Conservative leadership election.

Theresa May became leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister. In July 2016, she appointed Johnson Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs. Many saw that this appointment made his political power weaker. Barack Obama was critical of Johnson after Johnson made a racist remark to Obama. This was after Obama said he wanted the U.K. to stay in the European Union.

In May 2018, Johnson supported the Iran Nuclear deal. This is something that President Donald Trump did not support. After the Poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal in Salisbury, Johnson compared Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler.

Johnson has been accused of sexism, corruption and racism during his political career.

Johnson resigned as Foreign Secretary in July 2018. This was after Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit agreements failed.

On 16 May 2019, Johnson announced his plans to run for Prime Minister and Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2019 election. He got through the first round of voting with 114 Conservative MPs voting for him. He later won all future ballots by large numbers. He was part of the final two candidates with Jeremy Hunt on 20 June.

The members' vote closed on 22 July. The result was announced on 23 July. Johnson was elected leader with 92,153 votes (66.4%) to Hunt's 46,656 votes (33.6%). He formally replaced Theresa May as Prime Minister on 24 July after a meeting with the Queen.

On 29 October 2019, Johnson announced that the next general election would happen on 12 December 2019. He wanted the Conservatives to win a majority in parliament to pass a Brexit bill. The election result was a landslide Conservative victory. They won with an overall majority of about 80 seats. The result was the worst for the Labour Party since 1935.

In December 2021, it was revealed that Johnson had held office parties at 10 Downing Street during COVID lockdowns. At first, Johnson denied having parties during the lockdowns.

On 10 January 2022, ITV News reported that a planned party had taken place on 20 May 2020. At the time, people outdoors were not allowed to meet more than one person from outside their household.<ref name="sky12/1/2022"></ref> Two days later, Johnson apologised to MPs in the Commons for "attending an event in the Downing Street garden during the first lockdown". Some conservatives criticized Johnson and wanted him to resign.<ref name="bbc12/1/2022"></ref> A police investigation into the parties were announced. On 12 April, Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak were fined for breaking COVID protocols.

On 6 June 2022, Johnson faced a vote of no confidence after at least 54 Conservative MPs sent a letter to remove him from office. He survived the motion to remain Prime Minister by a 59% to 41% margin.

However a month later, many cabinet members resigned as a protest against Johnson's leadership over his handling of the Chris Pincher scandal such as Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak. On 7 July 2022, Johnson announced his resignation as Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader.

On 6 September 2022, he was replaced by Liz Truss.

After Liz Truss announced her resignation as Conservative party leader on 20 October 2022, this caused another leadership election. Johnson was seen as a front-runner to replace Truss and was the third-favourite to win. The next day, he had become the second-favourite with a 35% chance of winning with over 50 MPs supporting him. However, on 23 October, Johnson decided not to run.


Notes

NUbuntu

nUbuntu or Network Ubuntu is a project to take the existing Ubuntu operating system and remaster it as a Live CD and Full install with tools needed for penetration testing servers and networks. The main idea is to keep Ubuntu's ease of use and mix it with popular penetration testing tools. Besides usage for network and server testing, nUbuntu will be made to be a desktop distribution for advanced Linux users. 

nUbuntu uses the light window manager Fluxbox. 

It includes some of the most used security programs for Linux, such as Wireshark, nmap, dSniff, and Ettercap.


Below is a list of previous and current releases.


Prussian blue

Prussian blue, also known as Berlin blue, is a dark blue color that is artificially made.

It is one of the first pigments made synthetically. It was accidentally found in 1704 by two chemists in Berlin.

The dark blue uniforms of the Prussian army were dyed this color.

A color can be shown by hex triplet is a six-digit, three-byte hexadecimal number used in HTML, CSS, and other computing applications. The hex triplet to represent Prussian blue is 003153.

When using the RGB color model where red, green, and blue light are added together, Prussian blue has the RGB code of 0, 49, 83

Prussian blue is a medicine that is sometimes given by doctors to help remove certain radioactive materials from people’s bodies. It has been used this way since the 1960s.

Prussian blue is a chemical compound. One of the chemical elements in this compound is iron. 

Researchers have experimented replacing some of the iron atoms in Prussian blue with cobalt. When the Prussian blue compound is lit with a red light at -150 C, the compound shifts from being non-magnetic (off) to magnetic (on). The magnetic shift does not change back except if deliberately reversed (or undone) with heat.

This magnetism is due to the transfer of an electron from the cobalt to the iron, with light providing the energy, while the electron moves back when heat is applied, the researchers said.

This magnetic property means the compound can be used in computer storage. Because the compound can be turned "on" and "off" in a controlled way, it can remember binary information. Binary information is used for computer storage.

This way of using the compound is still being developed.

It is also used as a machinists dye to check wear patterns.


London Assembly

The London Assembly is an elected body and part of the Greater London Authority that verifies the activities of the Mayor of London. It has the power, with a two-thirds majority, to amend the Mayor's annual budget. The Assembly was established in 2000 and is headquartered at City Hall on the south side of the River Thames. The Assembly is also able to investigate other issues of importance to Londoners, publish its findings and recommendations, and make proposals to the Mayor.

The assembly is elected using proportional representation voting. 

Somali language

Somali () is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by ethnic Somalis in Somalia, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Yemen and Kenya, as well as by the Somali diaspora around the world -- an estimated total population of between 10 and 16 million speakers.

The writing system of the Somali language has been Latin alphabet since 1960.

During the colonial years under Italy, in the capital Mogadishu was developed a pidgin from the Italian used by many Somalians: the Pidgin Italian of Somalia

Gravy

Gravy is an English sauce made often from the juices that run naturally from meat or vegetables during cooking. It is a smooth, non-chunky liquid. Ready-made cubes and powders can be used as a substitute for natural meat or vegetable extracts. Canned gravies are also available. Gravy is commonly served with roasts, meatloaf, rice, and potato dishes. It is very popular because it is used on mashed potatoes sometimes.

B. F. Skinner

Burrhus Frederic Skinner (March 20, 1904 – August 18, 1990) was a leading American psychologist and author.

Skinner was the leading behaviorist in psychology; he built on the work of John B. Watson, and added the idea of operant conditioning. These two American psychologists paid no attention to mental states and 'thinking' (terms they thought were unscientific), but dealt only with visible behaviors. Skinner's work had effects on education (programmed learning) and on behavior therapy for various psychological problems. He was the Edgar Pierce Professor of Psychology at Harvard University from 1958 until his retirement in 1974, and then Emeritus Professor until 1990.

Skinner was also a social philosopher who wanted to change society, and wrote a eutopian novel, in which the science of human behavior is used to eliminate poverty, sexual oppression, government as we know it, and create a lifestyle without war. He wrote poetry, and three volumes of autobiography.

Skinner was born in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania to Grace and William Skinner.
His father was a lawyer. Skinner became an atheist after a liberal Christian teacher tried to assuage his fear of the Hell that his grandmother described.

Skinner attended Harvard University after receiving his B.A. in English literature in 1926. After graduation, he spent a year at his parents' home in Scranton attempting to become a writer of fiction. He tried to become a writer in Greenwich Village. He soon became disillusioned with his literary skills and concluded that he had little world experience and no strong personal perspective from which to write. His encounter with John B. Watson's "Behaviorism" led him into graduate study in psychology and to the development of his own operant behaviorism.

Skinner received a PhD from Harvard in 1931, and remained there as a researcher until 1936. He then taught at the University of Minnesota at Minneapolis and later at Indiana University, where he was chair of the psychology department from 1946–1947. He returned to Harvard in 1948, and stayed there for the rest of his career.

In 1936, Skinner married Yvonne Blue. The couple had two daughters, Julie (m. Vargas) and Deborah (m. Buzan). He died of leukemia on August 18, 1990, and is buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery, Cambridge, Massachusetts.






Falmouth Academy

Falmouth Academy (also known as FA) is a private preparatory school for students from grades 7-12 in Falmouth, Massachusetts on Cape Cod.


Breastfeeding

Breastfeeding is when a mother feeds her baby with milk from her breasts. The baby puts its mouth onto their mother's nipple and sucks the milk out of the breast. Breastfeeding is the best food for most babies. Breastfeeding can also reduce the risk for certain health conditions for both babies and mothers. Baby formula is made of cow's milk. Breastmilk is able to help other parts of the baby's body grow. Most women can breastfeed their babies. 

In some situations a woman with AIDS, tuberculosis, drugs or some other sickness will need to talk to their doctor about the good things and bad things of breastfeeding the baby. There are many reasons to breastfeed. Babies that breastfeed have a reduced risk for some diseases. Breastfeeding is less expensive than formula feeding. In both developing and developed countries, breastfeeding and not giving the baby any other drinks leads to fewer deaths from diarrhea. The World Health Organization recommends that

Only 1 in 4 infants are exclusively breastfed by the time they are 6 months old. Low rates of breastfeeding add more than $3 billion a year to medical costs for the mother and child in the United States. Three-quarters (74%) of Black infants are ever breastfed, which is below the national average of 83%. Almost all women can produce enough milk for their babies. The World Health Orgaization recommendations are for babies to be breastfed for at least 2 years.

Breastfeeding lowers the risk of sickness such as: 
Breastfed babies have higher test scores than babies that were given formula.

Breastfeeding is good for the mother. It can prevent:

Breastfeeding also transfers parts of the mother's immune system to the baby helping it fight certain diseases.

Babies who want to breastfeed will move against their mother's breast. The baby will make sucking motions or will put their hands in their mouth. Even if a baby cannot breastfeed directly from the mother, the mother may hand express or pump the milk and give it to the baby later. 

Some mothers may have painful nipples while or after breastfeeding. The main cause of sore or cracked nipples is poor attachment. Nipples may be sensitive or tender as they adjust to breastfeeding. If nipples hurt at every feed, or if nipples start to crack or bleed, many people can help solve the problems. Help can be from a midwife, doctor or breastfeeding supporter. Changing position may help improve breastfeeding pain. 

A mother may express her milk (remove milk from the breasts) for storage and later use. The mother can express milk by hand or with a breast pump. A breast pump will help the milk come out of the breast. There are many different pumps available for this. Expressing milk by hand may feel better for some mothers who have pain when using a breast pump. It can relieve engorgement by taking some milk out of the breasts and help the baby to latch on. Expressing breastmilk encourages milk production early in lactation.

Expressed breast milk can be stored in a cleaned container or in special breast milk storage bags. The breastmilk can be stored in the refrigerator until it is needed. 

Mothers take milk from their breasts for many reasons. Milk taken out of the breast can be fed to the baby at a later time. Breastmilk is good for premature babies. Premature babies may be fed maternal milk through tubes and bottles. Parents considering directed or informal milk sharing should discuss this option with their doctor, and they should be familiar with the donor's medical history and milk-handling practices. The use of informally-shared (unscreened, not pasteurized) milk from an anonymous donor is discouraged by the Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine.

Engorgement is when the breast fills with milk. This can lead to plugged ducts or a breast infection, so it is important to try to prevent it before this happens. Engorgement can also cause:


There are things to do to help with engorgement. As long as the baby is latched onto the breast and sucking well, the baby can feed for as long as they like.

Plugged ducts are painful and common in breastfeeding mothers. A plugged milk duct feels like a sore lump in the breast. A plugged duct happens when a milk duct does not drain right and surrounding tissue gets red. A warm compress on the sore area can help with the pain. 

Most mothers make plenty of milk for their babies. But many mothers worry about having enough milk. Checking the baby's weight and growth is a way to make sure the baby gets enough milk. Other signs that can be monitored to see if the baby is getting enough milk are: 

Many doctors say breastmilk should be the only food for the first six months of the baby's life. Breastfeeding is good even if the baby takes solid food. 

There are three types of breast milk. Colostrum is the first milk produced by the breasts right after birth. It is thick, light yellow full of nutrients the baby needs in the first few hours and days. Transitional milk is made when the breast milk starts to replace colostrum. Mature milk looks thinner than colostrum and it is full of nutrients. Mature milk will continue to change with the baby's needs.

It is rare when a woman should not breastfeed. The doctor may say not to breastfeed. The doctor may tell the mother not to take medicine that can be harmful to babies. If the mother has a sickness like HIV or active tuberculosis she may be told not to breastfeed. Check with the doctor before starting to breastfeed. Talk to the baby's doctor if the baby has a reaction to breast milk. This could be diarrhea, crying, or sleepiness.

Weaning is the time that the baby stops breastfeeding. It is changing a baby's diet from breast milk to other foods. The baby's health care provider can make sure that he or she is ready for weaning. Weaning after one year is effective in helping to prevent many health problems for the baby. Most mothers in the United States wean their babies by by one year old. Breastfeeding can continue past age one. When to wean is a personal decision and will be different for everyone. Each baby may be ready to wean at different ages. Some children will gradually start to show more interest in eating solid foods and less interest in breastfeeding. Others may want to stop breastfeeding more suddenly. 

Weaning over several weeks or more is recommended. As the mother slowly stops breastfeeding, she will stop making breast milk. Weaning gradually can help the baby get used to the new taste of infant formula (for a baby younger than twelve months old) or plain whole cow’s milk or fortified unsweetened soy beverage (for your child 12 months or older). The baby can adjust to drinking from a bottle or cup. Weaning can begin by replacing one breast milk feeding a day with a bottle of infant formula (for your child younger than 12 months old) or with a cup of plain whole cow’s milk or fortified unsweetened soy beverage (for your child 12 months or older). The mother can replace more breast milk feedings over time.

It's rare for babies to wean themselves off the breast. When the baby suddenly refuses to breastfeed it might be what's called a nursing strike. A nursing strike is that something is different for the baby. During this time, a baby can be comforted. Keep offering the breast to the baby. A nursing strike is usually a short time. Before long, the baby will start breastfeeding again. 


Satyajit Ray

Satyajit Ray () (2 May 1921–23 April 1992) was a Bengali Indian movie director. Many people consider him as one of the greatest film-makers of 20th century movie business.
He was born in the city of Kolkata. His Bengali family was prominent in arts and letters. Ray studied at Presidency College and at the Visva-Bharati University. He started his career as a commercial artist. Ray was interested in filmmaking by meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and seeing the Italian movie "Bicycle Thieves" during a visit to London.

Ray directed thirty-seven movies. These include feature movies, documentaries and shorts. Ray's first movie, "Pather Panchali", won eleven international prizes, including "Best Human Document" at Cannes Film Festival. This movie along with "Aparajito" and "Apur Sansar" form the "Apu trilogy". Ray did scripting, casting, scoring, cinematography, art direction, editing and designed his own credit titles and publicity material. He was a fiction writer, publisher, illustrator, graphic designer and movie critic. Ray won an Academy Award in 1992.

Petrarch

Francesco Petrarca (20 July 1304 – 19 July 1374), known in English as Petrarch, was an Italian scholar, poet, and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists. 

Petrarch is often called the "father of humanism". Based on Petrarch's works, and to a lesser extent those of Dante Alighieri and Giovanni Boccaccio, Pietro Bembo in the 16th century created the model for the modern Italian language. Petrarch is credited with developing the sonnet with his "Canzoniere" to a level of perfection that would be unsurpassed to this day and spreading its use to other European languages. His sonnets were admired and imitated throughout Europe during the Renaissance and became a model for lyrical poetry. Petrarch was also known for being one of the first people to call the Middle Ages the Dark Ages, although the negative myth as we know it today is largely the legacy of romantic literature.


Language planning

Language planning is the attempt to influence how a language is used. This is usually done to make it possible to use the language for more subjects. Goals, objectives and strategies are made to change the way a language is used. For many languages there are special organisations, that look after the language. Examples of such organisations are the Academie Française for French or the British Council for English.

In general, there are different forms of language planning:


For further readings Nahir's work on language planning can be read. 

Johnny Marr

Johnny Marr (born John Martin Maher on 31 October 1963) is an English guitarist, keyboardist, harmonica player, and singer. Marr was born in Ardwick, Manchester to Irish immigrants. When he was younger, he wanted to be a football player. He rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in The Smiths, where he formed an influential songwriting partnership with Morrissey. In 2013 he was given NME's Godlike Genius award. He released his first solo album, "The Messenger," in 2013.

Years of Refusal

Years of Refusal is the ninth solo album by Morrissey, the former lead singer of The Smiths. The album, distributed by Decca, was released on February 16, 2009 in the United Kingdom and on February 17, 2009 in the United States.

Indus Waters Treaty

The Indus Waters Treaty is a water-sharing treaty between the Republic Of India and Islamic Republic Of Pakistan. The treaty was signed in Karachi on September 19, 1960 by the then Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and the then President of Pakistan Field Marshal Mohammad Ayub Khan. The World Bank is a signatory as a third party.

The Indus System of Rivers comprises three Western Rivers - the Indus, the Jhelum and Chenab and three Eastern Rivers - the Sutlej, the Beas and the Ravi; and with minor exceptions, the treaty gives India exclusive use of all of the waters of the Eastern Rivers and their tributaries before the point where the rivers enter Pakistan. Similarly, Pakistan has exclusive use of the Western Rivers. Pakistan also received one-time financial compensation for the loss of water from the Eastern rivers.

The countries agree to exchange data and co-operate in matters related to the treaty. For this purpose, treaty creates the Permanent Indus Commission, with a commissioner who will be appointed by each country.

John Willcock

John Collings Willcock (9 August 1879 – 7 June 1956) was the 15th Premier of Western Australia from 20 August 1936 to 31 July 1945. He was from the Labor Party.

Philip Collier

Philip Collier (21 April 1873 – 18 October 1948) was the 14th Premier of Western Australia from 17 April 1924 to 23 April 1930 and then from 24 April 1933 to 19 August 1936. He was from the Labor Party.

James Mitchell

Sir James Mitchell (27 April 1866 – 26 July 1951) was the 13th Premier of Western Australia from 17 May 1919 to 15 April 1924 and again from 24 April 1930 to 24 April 1933. He was from the Nationalist Party. After he was Premier he became the acting Governor of Western Australia until 1948 when he was made the Governor. He retired as Governor one month before he died. The Mitchell Freeway, one of the major roads in Perth (the capital city of Western Australia), is named after him.

Folie à Deux (album)

Folie à Deux is the fifth studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy. It was released through Island Records on December 16, 2008 in the United States. The album title is French for "a madness shared by two." The album reached #8 on the US Billboard 200 album chart with 150,000 sales in its first week, making it Fall Out Boy's third top 10 album in a row. The first single was "I Don't Care" which reached #21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 songs chart. It is certified gold in the US for shipments of 500,000 copies. It got positive reviews by music critics. It is the final album the band made before taking a break.


What a Catch, Donnie

"What A Catch, Donnie" (or for short "What A Catch") is third single released off the album by Fall Out Boy called "Folie à Deux". The single was released October 14, 2008.

Stade de Suisse

The Stade de Suisse Wankdorf is a football stadium in Bern, Switzerland. It is the home stadium of the Berner Sport Club Young Boys (they are often simply called the "BSC Young Boys"), which is a Swiss football team. The Wankdorf is currently the second biggest football stadium in Switzerland. The stadium has seats for 32,000 people. The field is 105 m x 68 m and has got an artificial turf surface. It was one of the venues for the European Football Championship in 2008.

The Stade de Suisse was built in the place where the old Wankdorf Stadium, which was destroyed in 2001, had been. It cost 350 million francs to build the stadium. There are solar panels on the roof. There are many shops in the stadium. The stadium is 2 kilometers away from the city. The stadium was officially opened on July 30, 2005. However, the first game of football was played there on July 16, 2005. In the first game, The BSC Young Boys played against the Olympique Marseille. The BSC Young Boys lost by a score of 2-3. 14,000 people watched the game. The building's official name is "Stade de Suisse, Berne, Wankdorf". Still, most people call it the "Wankdorf". The building has also hosted Hockey games and musical concerts.

The Wankdorf was one of the venues for the European Football Championship in 2008 (often called Euro2008). Three games were played here for the tournament. During Euro2008, the real grass inside the stadium was replaced with fake grass, which is called artificial turf. The stadium's operators removed the artificial turf after the championship.

All the seats are either black or yellow, but there is one red seat in sector A. It is called the "hot seat". The ticket for that seat is often given to former players of Young Boys or famous visitors. The first person who sat in the "hot seat" was the most successful goalkeeper of the BSC Young Boys, Walter Eirich.


Ken Livingstone

Kenneth Robert Livingstone (born 17 June 1945) is a British socialist politician. He has twice held the leading political role in London local government. First, he was leader of the Greater London Council from 1981 until the council was abolished in 1986. Secondly, he was the first Mayor of London, from its creation in 2000 until 2008. He was Labour Party Member of Parliament for Brent East between 1987 and 2001.

He was elected Mayor of London as an Independent candidate after the Labour Party decided not to nominate him as their candidate in the first mayoral elections. In January 2004, he was re-admitted to the Labour Party. As the official Labour Party candidate for Mayor in the June 2004 elections, he won with a total of 828,380 first- and second-preference votes. On 1 May 2008 Livingstone was defeated in his second re-election bid by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson.

Livingstone was born in Lambeth, the son of Ethel Ada (Kennard), a professional dancer, and Robert Moffat Livingstone, who was of Scottish descent and worked as a ship's master in the Merchant Navy. Livingstone has described his parents as "working class Tories".

Livingstone attended Tulse Hill Comprehensive School. He did not pass the eleven-plus examination in 1956 but still managed to obtain a few O-levels. He worked for eight years as a cancer research technician, between 1962 and 1970. He also trained as a teacher, qualifying in 1973, but never taught. Livingstone joined the Labour Party in 1968 at a time when party membership was falling and few new young members were joining, and rose rapidly in the local party. He was elected to the Lambeth Borough Council in May 1971 and served as Vice-Chair of the Housing Committee from 1971 to 1973 (succeeding John Major in the job). In 1973 Livingstone won the Norwood seat on the Greater London Council and served as Vice-Chair of Housing Management in 1974-1975. He was dismissed when he opposed spending cuts urged by council leader Sir Reg Goodwin. He also served on the movie censorship committee and urged the abolition of censorship. Coming up to the Greater London Council Election of 1977, Livingstone realised that it would be difficult to retain his seat and managed to be selected for Hackney North and Stoke Newington, a safe seat, following the retirement of Dr David Pitt, Baron Pitt of Hampstead. He was one of the few left-wing Labour councillors to remain on the council.

Livingstone had been selected as the Labour Parliamentary candidate for the Hampstead constituency. He moved to Camden just before the deadline to stand for the council in 1978, and was elected there. Livingstone's performance in Hampstead in the United Kingdom 1979 general election was good, although he did not come close to winning what was at that time a safe Conservative seat.

He married Christine Pamela Chapman in 1973 and the marriage ended in divorce in 1982. Around that time he became involved with Kate Allen now director of Amnesty International in the UK, but the couple separated in November 2001.

Livingstone and his current partner Emma Beal, also his office manager, have a son, Thomas, born 14 December 2002 and a daughter, Mia, born on 20 March 2004. He also has three other children from previous relationships, whose existence was only publicly revealed during the London mayoral election in 2008. Livingstone is a noted "bon vivant", having twice worked as a food critic for London's "Evening Standard" newspaper and various magazines.

He is known for his enthusiasm for keeping and breeding newts.

Livingstone again stood for Parliament in the 1987 general election, winning a seat in the north-west London constituency of Brent East. He replaced Labour MP Reg Freeson who was deselected in 1985 after a bitter struggle, described as "political 'murder'" in his Guardian obituary, and replaced as Labour candidate by Livingstone.

In his maiden speech to Parliament in July 1987, Livingstone used Parliamentary privilege to raise a number of allegations made by Fred Holroyd, a former MI6 operative in Northern Ireland. Livingstone said that Holroyd had been mistreated when he tried to expose MI5 collusion with loyalist paramilitaries in the 1970s and the part Captain Robert Nairac is alleged to have played. He also voiced Colin Wallace's allegations of MI5 dirty tricks levelled at Harold Wilson.

As a Labour backbencher, Livingstone lost the public platform he possessed as head of the GLC; furthermore, his brand of radical socialism was increasingly out of step with the Labour leadership, which had moved sharply towards the centre under the leadership of Neil Kinnock who now blamed left-wingers like Livingstone for Labour's 'unelectability.' Over the long term, though, it was Livingstone rather than Kinnock who was to achieve electoral success. In September 1987 he was elected to the party's National Executive Committee, although he lost this position two years later; he regained it in 1997 beating Peter Mandelson in what some interpreted as a rebuke to Tony Blair. He was re-elected MP in the general election of 1992, with a 6% swing to Labour in his Brent East constituency. Besides serving in the Commons, Livingstone held a number of other 'odd jobs' during this period, including game show contestant and host, after-dinner speaker, and restaurant reviewer for the "Evening Standard". In 1987 he published an autobiography-cum-political tract, "If Voting Changed Anything They'd Abolish It".

As a politician comfortable in light-hearted and satirical situations, in 1990, Livingstone made the first of seven appearances on the topical panel show "Have I Got News For You". For a long time, his first six appearances would stand as the show's record; his current tally of seven - the last being in 2002 - fall one short of the record for guest appearances currently held by Germaine Greer and Will Self.

In 1995, Livingstone appeared on the track "Ernold Same" by the band Blur, taken from the album "The Great Escape". Livingstone provided spoken word vocals and was listed as 'The Right On Ken Livingstone.'

Livingstone appeared in one of a series of advertisements extolling the virtues of cheese in the 1980s, appropriately endorsing red Leicester. On the other side of politics, Edward Heath advertised Danish Blue. Their respective choices are down to the colour red being associated with the Labour Party, and blue with the Conservative Party.

Livingstone was again re-elected in the 1997 general election, in which Labour was returned to power under the leadership of Tony Blair. Among Labour's proposals was the establishment of a Greater London Authority which was to be a strategic body: unlike the GLC the Greater London Authority would not provide any services to Londoners directly. The new Greater London Authority would be headed by a directly-elected mayor, who would be watched over by a 25-member Assembly.

Livingstone was widely tipped for the new post of Mayor. The mayoral election was scheduled for 2000, and in 1999, Labour began the long and trying process of selecting its candidate. Livingstone was included on Labour's shortlist in November 1999, having pledged that he would not run as an independent if he failed to secure the party's nomination. William Hague, then Leader of the Opposition taunted Blair at Prime Minister's Question Time: "Why not split the job in two, with Frank Dobson as your day mayor and Ken Livingstone as your nightmare?"

Labour chose its official candidate on 20 February 2000. Although Livingstone received a healthy majority of the total votes, he nevertheless lost the nomination to former Secretary of State for Health Frank Dobson, under a controversial system in which votes from sitting Labour MPs and MEPs were weighted more heavily than votes from rank-and-file members. On 6 March, Livingstone announced that he would run against Dobson as an independent, confirming speculation that he would renege on his earlier pledge. He was suspended from the Labour Party the same day and expelled on 4 April. Tony Blair said that Livingstone as mayor would be a "disaster" for London; he later said he was wrong in that prediction.

The result of the election – held on 4 May – was a foregone conclusion: Dobson, who it was alleged, had been pressured into running by the party leadership, unsuccessfully based his campaign on claims that Livingstone was an egomaniac, and the Conservatives remained becalmed after their catastrophic national defeat in 1997. Livingstone came out ahead in the first round of balloting with 38% of first-preference votes to Conservative Steven Norris's 27%; Dobson finished third, with 13% of all first-preference votes – just ahead of Liberal Democrat Susan Kramer, with 12%. Under the modified instant-runoff voting system employed for the election, only the votes cast for Livingstone and Norris were considered in the second round, where Livingstone won with 58% of first- and second-preference votes, versus 42% for Norris.

Livingstone continued to sit in parliament, as an independent having had the Labour whip withdrawn, until standing down at the 2001 General Election.

Livingstone applied for readmittance to the Labour Party in 2002 but was rejected. In November 2003, however, rumours emerged that the Labour Party would allow Livingstone to rejoin, just ahead of the 2004 London mayoral election. Opinion polls consistently gave a poor showing to Labour's official candidate, Nicky Gavron, and many in the party leadership (including Tony Blair himself) feared that Labour would be humiliated by a fourth-place finish. In mid-December, Gavron announced she would stand down as the Labour candidate in favour of a 'unity campaign,' with Gavron as Livingstone's deputy, with Labour's National Executive Committee voting 25-2 to readmit him. The deal hinged on a 'loyalty test' administered by a special five-member NEC panel on 9 January. The panel recommended that he be allowed back in the party. The move towards readmittance came amid considerable opposition from senior party members, including Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown, Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott, and former party leader Neil Kinnock. In a ballot of Labour Party members in London, Livingstone was overwhelmingly endorsed as the Labour candidate for the 2004 Mayoral election.

He was re-elected Mayor of London on 10 June 2004. He won 36% of first preference votes to Conservative Steven Norris's 28% and Liberal Democrat Simon Hughes's 15%. Six other candidates shared the remainder of the votes. When all the candidates except Livingstone and Norris were eliminated and the second preferences of those voters who had picked neither Livingstone or Norris as their first choice were counted, Livingstone won with 55% to Norris's 45%.

Livingstone sought re-election in 2008, but was defeated by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson on a night that saw the Labour Party suffer its worst electoral defeats for forty years. Once first and second votes were taken into account Johnson had 1,168,738 votes, Livingstone 1,028,966 - a margin of 139, 772 votes or just over 6% of those who voted.

Speaking immediately after the count, Johnson paid public tribute to his defeated rival, praising "the very considerable achievements of the last mayor of London" and describing Livingstone as "a very considerable public servant". Johnson went on to say "You shaped the office of mayor. You gave it national prominence and when London was attacked on 7 July 2005 you spoke for London." Johnson also spoke of Livingstone's "courage and the sheer exuberant nerve with which you stuck it to your enemies" and expressed a desire that the new Conservative administration could "discover a way in which the mayoralty can continue to benefit from your transparent love of London".

Livingstone's greatest challenge as Mayor of London was the city's ageing transportation infrastructure. Despite conflict over appropriate funding schemes and engineering challenges to modernising both the London Underground and the city's bus system, an Association of London Government survey, conducted by MORI towards the end of Livingstone's first term in 2004, suggested growing public satisfaction with public transport, with buses in particular being seen as more frequent and reliable.

In accordance with his pre-election pledge, bus fares were frozen for four years, but then the standard single cash fare on buses more than doubled. Further, and contrary to his pledge during his first election campaign, when he said "only a de-humanised moron would get rid of the Routemaster", Livingstone removed the famous Routemaster buses from routine service on 9 December 2005, because the new buses were wheelchair-accessible, although several of the old buses are used on shortened "heritage routes". There was some question over the legality of using the old Routemaster under the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 as the Routemasters effectively banned wheel chair users.

Livingstone oversaw the introduction of bending articulated buses. These buses have faced criticism for allegedly being fire-prone, dangerous to cyclists, and unable to navigate some winding streets.

Livingstone was a strong proponent of the Oyster card smartcard ticketing system for London's public transport network introduced in 2003. In late 2005, he proposed large fare increases for on-the-spot tickets across the Tube and bus network to encourage regular travellers to use the automated Oyster system to reduce queuing at Underground stations and avoid delays in conductorless buses as drivers issue tickets. The plans, although ratified by the GLA and introduced in January 2006 were condemned by those who argued that the increases would increase the cost of travelling in London to tourists and others who do not travel regularly. Civil liberties groups have expressed concern over the way in which Transport for London is able to track the movements of passengers using the Oyster card system. Livingstone moved to make all bus journeys free for passengers under the age of 18 in full-time education who travel with an Oyster card and introduced initiatives to enable visitors to buy an Oyster card before arriving in London.

One of the key points of conflict between Livingstone and the Labour Party was the proposed 'Public-Private Partnership' for the London Underground. Livingstone had run in 2000 on a policy of financing the improvements to Tube infrastructure by a public bond issue, which had been done in the New York City Subway. However the Mayor did not have power in this area at the time as the Underground operated independently of Transport for London. The PPP deal went ahead in July 2002. Metronet, one of the winners of the contract for PPP, subsequently went into administration in July 2007.

Livingstone introduced the London congestion charge with the purpose of reducing traffic congestion in central London. Its apparent success in reducing congestion has led to similar schemes being proposed in other major cities such as New York. 

In November 2003, Livingstone was named 'Politician of the Year' by the Political Studies Association, which said his scheme was 'bold and imaginative'.

Ken Livingstone has been called “an environmentalist, a leftist, a lover of newts," and has made a significant effort to reduce London’s impact on the environment. He began by creating the London Hydrogen Partnership and the London Energy Partnership in his first term as Mayor of London. The Mayor’s Energy Strategy , “green light to clean power,” commits London to reducing its emissions of carbon dioxide by 20%, relative to the 1990 level, by 2010. However, he did support the Thames Gateway Bridge in East London that Friends of the Earth say "would bring few benefits to the local people and lead to more traffic, more noise and air pollution and an increase in climate-changing emissions". In October 2007, London Councils stated Livingstone had gone back on his promise to help chair the developing London Waste and Recycling Board, and to provide £6 million of funding for the project, because "the government had failed to provide him with absolute control of the Board."

In June 2007, Livingstone criticised a planned £200 million desalination plant at Beckton, which would be the United Kingdom's first, calling it "misguided and a retrograde step in UK environmental policy", and that "we should be encouraging people to use less water, not more."

In 2001 Livingstone set up Britain's first register for same-sex couples; while falling short of legal marriage rights, the register was seen as a "step towards" such rights. Legal status was later passed by the government through the Civil Partnership Act 2004.

After rejecting the idea for a couple of years, Livingstone hosted a Jewish Hanukkah ceremony at City Hall in December 2005. He said he intended this to be an annual occurrence. On 17 March 2002 Livingstone introduced an annual Saint Patrick's Day festival to London to celebrate the contributions of the Irish to London, with around 250,000 people annually turning out for this. On 28 October 2006 he helped organise the first ever ""Eid in the Square"" in Trafalgar Square, in commemoration of the Eid ul-Fitr festival which marks the end of Ramadan, the Muslim month of fasting.

After the 7 July 2005 London bombings Livingstone, from the 117th IOC Session in Singapore, where it had recently been announced London would host the 2012 Olympic Games, delivered a speech.

Finally, I wish to speak directly to those who came to London today to take life. I know that you personally do not fear giving up your own life in order to take others - that is why you are so dangerous. But I know you fear that you may fail in your long-term objective to destroy our free society and I can show you why you will fail. In the days that follow, look at our airports, look at our sea ports and look at our railway stations and, even after your cowardly attack, you will see that people from the rest of Britain, people from around the world will arrive in London to become Londoners and to fulfill their dreams and achieve their potential. They choose to come to London, as so many have come before because they come to be free, they come to live the life they choose, they come to be able to be themselves. They flee you because you tell them how they should live. They do not want that and nothing you do, however many of us you kill, will stop that flight to our city where freedom is strong and where people can live in harmony with one another. Whatever you do, however many you kill, you will fail.

Livingstone defended the police after the mistaken killing of a Brazilian man, Jean Charles de Menezes, who police believed was a suicide bomber.

In 2001 Livingstone revived the free anti-racism Music festival now called . He believes that this, along with other anti-racist policies, is why London has seen a 35% decrease in racist attacks.

In September 2005 Livingstone came out in support of placing a statue of Nelson Mandela, the former President of South Africa, on the north terrace of Trafalgar Square. Livingstone said "There can be no better place than our greatest square to place a statue of Nelson Mandela so that every generation can remind the next of the fight against racism." He was highly critical of the Planning and City Development Committee of Westminster City Council who refused planning permission.

On 23 August 2007 Ken Livingstone formally apologised for London's role in the transatlantic slave trade. In a bicentennial day memorial event, he also called for the 23 August to be named as a national day for remembrance in the UK for the "horrific crime against humanity of the transatlantic slave trade." He went on to make the following tearful speech and formal apology:

"It is because it is the anniversary of the biggest slave revolt in history, that UNESCO officially marks this day, the 23 August, the anniversary of that outbreak in Haiti, as slavery's official remembrance day. This is why we, in London, call for it to be the annual slave memorial day. We are therefore here to initiate London's annual slavery memorial day, and call for the establishment of a national, annual memorial day. In 1999, Liverpool became the first major British slaving city to formally apologise. The Church of England soon followed suit. In March I invited representatives of London's institutions to join the City of Liverpool and the Church of England for formally apologising for London's role in this monstrous crime. As Mayor, I offer an apology on behalf of London and its institutions for their role in the transatlantic slave trade."

Rejecting the idea that it is not possible to "meaningfully apologise for something a former generation did," Livingstone emphasised that London and by implication the rest of the developed world still profited enormously from the assets accumulated in the slave era, adding "It was the racial murder of not just those who were transported but generations of enslaved African men, women and children. To justify this murder and torture black people had to be declared inferior or not human. We live with the consequences today."

In March 2002, while still independent, Livingstone was accused of "cronyism" by some Labour party members in the London Assembly after he had appointed six officials as special advisers at a salary level which seemed to them excessive, and a manoeuvre to help his chances of being re-elected. Livingstone denied the allegations and stated the appointments were a "necessary efficiency drive."

In December 2007, the "Evening Standard" published news of an investigation into grants worth £2.5 million paid to organisations in which Ken Livingstone's adviser Lee Jasper was involved. It is confirmed that some of these grants were paid directly by the mayor's office.

Following Mr. Livingstone’s defeat in the 2008 Mayoral Elections, "The Daily Mail" reported that “Eight 'cronies' of Ken Livingstone are to receive £1.6 million in pay-offs following his defeat in the London mayoral elections.” Mr. Livingstone changed the rules for political appointees who would otherwise not have been eligible for severance packages, which paved the way for the eight City Hall advisors to receive an average of £200,000. Liberal Democrat Leader Dee Doocey stated that the payments were “completely inexcusable” and added that “It seems like there's one law for the ordinary working person and one law for the political class.” Tony Travers, local government expert at the London School of Economics, said: “I think most people will be shocked. You could do quite a lot about knife crime with £1.6 million. It is odd indeed that the full benefits of labour laws designed to protect the vulnerable are being claimed by courtiers who knew they would lose their jobs if their master lost the election.” 
Mr Livinstone refuted the comments by stating that 'It's a question of what the law requires. Either there's a legal responsibility or there is not.'

Ken Livingstone was publicly criticised in February 2005 for remarks made to an "Evening Standard" reporter, comparing him to a Nazi concentration camp guard, after the reporter had tried to interview him following a reception marking the 20th anniversary of Chris Smith's coming out as gay. The reporter, Oliver Finegold, was in fact Jewish and said he took offence at the remarks, but Livingstone refused to withdraw the remark and was subsequently accused of antisemitism. Finegold had an audio recorder running. "The Evening Standard" decided not to run the story at first but the following transcript of the conversation was published by "guardian.co.uk":

The epithet "German war criminal" and Livingstone's subsequent jibes refer to the Standard's owners, the Daily Mail and General Trust, which endorsed Oswald Mosley's Fascists in 1934 and supported Nazism until 1939. Livingstone also claimed the "Standard" was guilty of "harassment of a predominantly lesbian and gay event". Gay rights campaigner Peter Tatchell suggested in the Evening Standard that this explanation "came across as patronising. Gay people don't need the Mayor's protection to fend off a journalist asking simple questions."
After listening to the recording supplied by Finegold, the London Assembly voted unanimously to ask Livingstone to apologise. Livingstone responded by saying "the form of words I have used are right. I have nothing to apologise for." Deputy Mayor Nicky Gavron, herself the daughter of a Holocaust survivor, said of Livingstone: "These were inappropriate words and very offensive, both to the individual and to Jews in London." Some two dozen complaints were referred to the Standards Board for England, the body responsible for English local government standards, which passed it to the Adjudication Panel for England, which has the power to ban individuals from public office for five years.

The Adjudication Panel addressed the case over two days on the 13 & 14 December 2005 and adjourned the hearing for two months. On 24 February 2006, Ken Livingstone was found guilty of bringing his office into disrepute and suspended from office for four weeks, stating that he seemed "to have failed... to have appreciated that his conduct was unacceptable". Livingstone attacked the decision on the grounds that the Adjudication Panel members ought not to suspend a democratically elected official from power, describing their actions as "striking at the heart of democracy". The ban was due to begin on 1 March 2006, but on 28 February, a High Court judge postponed it pending an appeal by Livingstone.

The decision was later quashed by the High Court of Justice when on 5 October, Mr Justice Collins overturned the suspension, regardless of the outcome of Livingstone's appeal concerning the breach of standards. The final judgment upheld Livingstone's appeal and stated that the Adjudication Panel had misdirected itself, although the judge stated that the Mayor should have apologised.

On 7 December 2006, at a City Hall reception marking the launch of the London Jewish Forum, Livingstone apologised for any offence that he had caused the Jewish community.

Criticism of Livingstone by the Evening Standard intensified during the 2008 campaign, with daily front page articles attacking him, under the direction of editor Veronica Wadley who originally urged Johnson to stand and who is closely linked to Tory leadership. According to articles in The Guardian and Time Out London, she is strongly influenced by the need to renew Associated Newspaper's multi-million pound contract to deliver the Metro free paper in London Underground stations in 2010, a decision within the gift of the Mayor.

In 2004 Livingstone said "I just long for the day I wake up and find that the Saudi Royal Family are swinging from lamp-posts and they've got a proper government that represents the people of Saudi Arabia."

In a March 2005 commentary in "The Guardian" he accused Israel's prime minister Ariel Sharon of being a "war criminal", citing his alleged personal responsibility for the Sabra and Shatila massacre in 1982 and accusations of ethnic cleansing. Accusations that Sharon was implicated are frequently made by other organisations and leading politicians including the official Israeli Kahan Commission investigation into the massacres in 1982.

On 20 July 2005, Livingstone made the following comments in a BBC interview about the role of foreign policy as a motivation for the London bombings of two weeks earlier:

"I think you've just had 80 years of western intervention into predominantly Arab lands because of the western need for oil. We've propped up unsavoury governments, we've overthrown ones we didn't consider sympathetic. And I think the particular problem we have at the moment is that in the 1980s ... the Americans recruited and trained Osama Bin Laden, taught him how to kill, to make bombs, and set him off to kill the Russians and drive them out of Afghanistan. They didn't give any thought to the fact that once he'd done that he might turn on his creators. A lot of young people see the double standards, they see what happens in Guantanamo Bay, and they just think that there isn't a just foreign policy."

Later in the interview he stated, about the Palestinians of the West Bank and Gaza Strip:

"Under foreign occupation and denied the right to vote, denied the right to run your own affairs, often denied the right to work for three generations, I suspect that if it had happened here in England, we would have produced a lot of suicide bombers ourselves."

Commentator Mark Steyn described the interview as Livingstone "artfully" attempting "to draw a distinction between Muslim terrorists blowing up his own public transit (which he didn't approve of) and Muslim terrorists blowing up Israeli public transit (which he was inclined to be sympathetic to)."

In November 2003, Livingstone made headlines for referring to US President George W. Bush as 'the greatest threat to life on this planet,' just before Bush's official visit to the UK. Livingstone also organised an alternative 'Peace Reception' at City Hall 'for everybody who is not George Bush,' with anti-war Vietnam veteran Ron Kovic as the guest of honour. In 2004 he referred to Bush as "the most corrupt American president since Harding in the Twenties". In July 2007 Livingstone suggested that Prime Minister Gordon Brown needed to explain to Bush "that US governments need to return to a realistic view of the world. The US is the world's single most powerful country, but much weaker than the rest of the world put together. The attempt by one country to unilaterally impose itself on the rest of the world is not only undesirable but simply won't work."

In February 2007, Ken Livingstone signed a deal with Venezuela to provide cheaper oil for London buses. In return, the Greater London Authority advised Venezuela on recycling, waste management, traffic and reducing carbon emissions. This deal came under criticism from the London Assembly Conservatives including Richard Barnes, who stated that the "money would be better directed at the poor of Venezuela," and journalist Martin Bright, who said that the deal "effectively takes from the poor of Latin America to give to one of the richest cities in the world." Prices were reduced by 20%; following this, half-price bus travel became available to Londoners on income support. Livingstone stated the plan "rises on the suggestion of President Hugo Chávez and builds on the work his government is doing around the world in tackling the problems of poverty," and also said, "This will make it cheaper and easier for people to go about their lives and get the most out of London. The agreement... will also benefit the people of Venezuela, by providing expertise in areas of city management in which London is a world leader."

The deal was stopped by incoming mayor Boris Johnson (effective from September 2008), a decision criticized by Livingstone.

A dispute with the US Embassy in London over payment of the London Congestion Charge escalated on 27 March 2006 when Livingstone criticised the Embassy's decision not to pay. The Embassy argued that the charge is a form of taxation, not a charge for a service, and diplomats and their staff are therefore exempt under the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations. Embassy officials have never paid the charge, which was instituted in 2003. Livingstone, however, alleged that the decision was made by Robert Tuttle, who took up the post of Ambassador in July 2005. Livingstone described Tuttle as "one of George Bush's closest cronies and a big funder of his election campaign" and said he was trying to "skive out of [paying] like some chiselling little crook". The group Liberty and Law reported this remark to the Standards Board for England as a breach of its code, but the board did not investigate it.

Germany stopped paying the charge in 2005, Japan followed in 2006, and in 2007 France, Russia, Belgium, and 50 other embassies stopped when the zone extended to them (Iran, Sweden and Syria continue to pay the charge). Asked about Japan's refusal to pay in a March 2007 interview on LBC Radio, Livingstone responded, "I think there are several problems with Japan that we could go on about here. Admitting their guilt for all the war crimes would be one thing. So if they've not got round to doing that, I doubt they're too worried about the congestion charge." London's Japanese embassy responded that their government had already apologised for previous war crimes.

Livingstone acted as a stand-in presenter on London talk radio station LBC 97.3's Jeni Barnett for a week beginning on 30 June 2008. In July 2008 he announced his intention to run again for the office of Mayor of London at the next mayoral elections and signalled his intent to organise a "progressive alliance" of political parties (such as the Labour Party and the Green Party), trade unions and interest groups to defend the progress which was made during his terms as Mayor and to prepare for the next mayoral elections.

On 28 August 2008, it was announced that Livingstone would be an adviser on urban planning to Caracas, Venezuela. He will act as a consultant on the capital's policing, transport and other municipal issues. As a friend of Hugo Chávez, Livingstone was appointed personally by him to advise officials and mayoral candidates in Caracas, in order to help transform the city, which journalist Rory Carroll described as suffering from, "Gridlocked traffic, a crumbling centre, hillside slums, horrific murder rates, corrupt police and inept local government". Livingstone reckoned that in twenty years a "first-world city" can be made out of Caracas, stating, "I have a very extensive network of contacts both domestically and internationally which I will be calling on to assist in this." No decision on a salary for the ex-mayor had been made, although he mentioned that, "The whole cost of this trip has been paid for by the government of Venezuela and as an unemployed citizen I would not be able to pay for my own fare otherwise." Livingstone played down any accusations that his close relationship with the Venezuelan President was controversial, "unless you believe American propaganda", while a spokesperson for Johnson said, "Ken Livingstone is free, as a private individual, to offer his advice and services to whomever he wants." Livingstone was touted as a key asset for Chávez in the upcoming November elections in the country.


Vatnajökull

Vatnajökull (English: Glacier of Lakes) () is the largest glacier in Iceland. It lies in the south-east of the island, covering more than 8% of the country. 

The average thickness of the ice is 400 m, with a maximum thickness of 1,000 m. Iceland's highest peak, Hvannadalshnúkur (2,110 m), is located at the southern tip of Vatnajökull, near Skaftafell National Park. It is classified as an ice cap glacier.

Vatnajökull has been shrinking for some years now, possibly because of climatic changes and recent volcanic activity. Until 1930 it was growing. 

According to Guinness World Records Vatnajökull is the object of the world's longest sight line, 550 km from Slættaratindur, the highest mountain in the Faroe Islands. GWR state that ""owing to the light bending effects of atmospheric refraction, Vatnajökull (2119m), Iceland, can sometimes be seen from the Faroe Islands, 340 miles (550 km) away"". This may be based on a claimed sighting by a British sailor in 1939. The validity of this record is analysed/undermined in mathematical and atmospheric detail by J.C. de Ferranti 


InterCity 225

The InterCity 225 is an electric train operating in the United Kingdom. Its top speed is 225km/h, hence its name. From 2017, some will be replaced by the British Rail Class 800.

British Rail

British Rail (BR) was the national railway company of Great Britain, from 1948 to 2001. It was created by nationalization under the Transport Act 1947. Britain's railways were returned to private ownership by privatization in 2001.

After the smaller firms were merged in 1923 under the Railways Act 1921, there were four large regional railway companies. The Big Four were the Great Western Railway (GWR), the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS), the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) and the Southern Railway (SR). The Transport Act 1947 made provision for the nationalisation of the network.

The Second World War had caused damage to all the railways. They had lost a large part of their trains, buildings and equipment.

The Transport Act 1947 set out the nationalisation of the rail network, as part of a plan by Clement Attlee's Labour Government to nationalise public transport. The London Underground, some industrial lines and some remaining light railways like Shropshire and Montgomeryshire Railway were again excluded. For a short time, during World War II, the Shropshire and Montgomeryshire Railway line was taken over by the military. After the war the line re-opened to public use in 1946. The Bicester Military Railway had been built by the government in 1941.

The Transport Act 1947 took effect on 1 January 1923. By that date most of the mergers had taken place, some from the previous year. The "Railway Magazine" in its issue of February 1923 dubbed the new companies as "The Big Four of the New Railway Era".

These "Big Four" were:

See also a list of railway companies involved in the 1923 grouping.
The nationalised Ulster Transport Authority (UTA) ran the railways in Northern Ireland from 1948 until 1966. They were then taken over by Translink and called "NI Railways," also known as "Northern Ireland Railways" ().

The government of Northern Ireland and Ireland ran the former Great Northern Railway jointly under a Great Northern Railway Board until 1958. Most of the lines in the west of Northern Ireland were closed in the 1960s.

In 1955, a major modernisation programme costing £1.2 billion was authorised by the government. The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes occur as steam trains were scrapped 1968, in favour of diesel trains and electric trains. One third of the network was closed by the highly critical Beeching report of the 1960s.

A major railway survey in April 1961 was used in the writing of a government report on the future of the network. This report was called "The Reshaping of British Railways". It was published by the British Railways Board (BRB) in March 1963. A third of all passenger trains would be scrapped and more than 4,000 of the 7,000 stations would be closed.

InterCity (or, in the earliest days, the hyphenated Inter-City) was introduced by British Rail in 1966 as a brand-name for its long-haul express passenger services (see British Rail brand names for a full history).

Passenger levels fell steadily from the late 1950s to the late 1970s, but experienced a sharp increase after the introduction of the high-speed Intercity 125 trains in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Between 1934 and 1975 the Northern line ran the Northern City Line as its Highbury Branch. London Underground gave it to British Rail in 1975,

Before the sectorization of BR in 1982 the system was split into regions. Working around London, they were London Midland Region (Marylebone, Euston, St Pancras and Broad Street), Southern Region (Waterloo, Victoria, Chairing Cross, Holborn Viaduct, Cannon Street and London Bridge), Western Region (Paddington) and Eastern Region (King's Cross, Moorgate, Broad Street, Liverpool Street and Fenchurch Street). This was perceived to be a source of inefficiency, so sectorization made the regions into a single organisation covering all commuter services. At the same time InterCity took over express services and Regional Railways took over regional services. The group was originally called "Provincial".

BR built 2537 steam locomotives from 1948 to 1960, some to pre-nationalisation designs and some to its own, new, standard designs. Eventually BR chose to end the use of steam trains in 1968.

The official report known as the "Modernisation Plan" of December 1954 was intended to bring the railway system into the 20th century. The aim was to increase speed, reliability, safety and line capacity, by making the railways more attractive to passengers and freight operators. The important areas were:


Long-distance trains from Marylebone began to be cut back from 1958 after the line was given from BR Midland Western to the BR Midland Region. Then BR Midland Region thought it was an unnecessary rival of their Midland Main Line. By 1960 there were no daytime trains running to destinations north of Nottingham and only a few still ran at night. Many Express services were cut. By 1963, local stopping services beyond Aylesbury were cut. In 1965 freight services were ended. Between 1963 and 1966 only a few remaining long distance services stayed in use. A large part of the former Great Central Railway was closed as part of the 'Beeching axe'. This meant that Marylebone was now used only by local trains to Aylesbury and High Wycombe. After the 1960s, lack of investment meant the station itself became run down.

Some of the early models were of poor quality and design, but many later kinds proved their worth in time.

British Rail Class 127 diesel trains were chosen to operate on the services from Marylebone usually to places such as High Wycombe, Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line (now the London to Aylesbury Line). Strangely, the 115 were under Table 115 in the British Rail timetable. They were similar to British Rail Class 127, but were superior as the class had larger windows, better seats, lights and wall surfaces. Both classes were made in the early 1960s.

The British Rail Class 47 (originally "Brush Type 4") is a class of British railway diesel-electric locomotive that was developed in the 1960s by Brush Traction. Their reliable and trusted service lasted well in to the 2000s. Some are still working in 2018.

British Rail gave Class 52 to the class of 74 large diesel-hydraulic locomotives built for the Western Region of British Railways between 1961 and 1964. All were given two-word names, with the first word being "Western", and so the type was nicknamed "Westerns".

The British Rail Class 207 (or 3D) versatile diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh in 1962.

Some of the early models were of poor quality and design, but many later kinds proved their worth in time.

The British Rail Class 423 (or 4Vep) electric multiple units were built by BR at York Works from 1967 to 1974. They feature manually opening doors next to every seating row and mostly found working outer suburban services in South London, and rural services in Kent and Sussex, up to replacement in 2005.

The British Rail Class 303 is a type of electric multiple unit. They are also known as "Blue Train" units, since they were originally painted blue all over. They were first used in 1960 for the electrification of the North Clyde and the Cathcart Circle lines in Strathclyde.

The British Rail Class 73 electro-diesel locomotives are very unusual in that they can operate from a 750 V DC third-rail supply, but also have a diesel engine to allow them to work on non-electrified routes.

The British Rail Class 86 was the standard electric locomotive built during the 1960s. It was made after the repeated testing of the earlier classes like the 81 and 85. The tests led to a much improved loco design.

The British Rail Class 312 is a type of alternating current (AC) electric multiple unit (EMU) built in 1966–1974 intended for use on outer-suburban passenger services. It was the last class of multiple unit to be constructed to the British Rail Mark 2 body shell, and also the last with slam doors. Their passenger seats were an improvement on former types.

British Rail Class 313 electric multiple units were built by BREL at York Works from 1976 to 1977, thus the first second-generation EMUs to be constructed for British Rail. They were capable of both drawing power via 25 kV AC overhead, or 750 V DC third-rail. They were the first units in Britain to have fully automatic couplers which allowed both physical coupling and also the connection of control electric and air supplies to be carried out without the driver's need to leave the cab. Their passenger seats were also an improvement on former types.

During the late 1950s, railways continued to worsen, and in 1959 the government acted, limiting the amount the British Transport Commission (BTC) could spend on British Rail.

The government proposed that many services could be provided more cheaply by buses, and said that most abandoned rail services would have their places taken by bus services. Only main lines would be untouched. Many other minor lines would be cut back or scrapped.

The business man Lord Beeching saw South Wales as a failing industrial region. So it lost the majority of its network. Since 1983 it has experienced a major rail revival, with new stations such as Llanharan reopening. Four lines reopened within 20 miles (32 km) of each other: Abercynon–Aberdare, Barry–Bridgend via , Bridgend–Maesteg and the Ebbw Valley Line via Newbridge.

The station at Laurencekirk on the mainline between Arbroath and Aberdeen was shut in 1967, but 42 years later in May 2009 it reopened. Other reopened stations include , and – all closed in the mid-1960s.

Haddenham in Buckinghamshire lost its little-used station in 1963, but a more popular station opened in 1987 as the town grew.

A major part of the report proposed that British Rail electrify some major main lines and the use of containerised freight traffic instead of outdated and uneconomic wagon-load traffic. Some of these plans were eventually adopted, however, such as the creation of the Freightliner concept and further electrification of the West Coast Main Line from Crewe to Glasgow in 1974. Also the staffs' terms and conditions were improved over time.

Since the Beeching cuts of the 1960s, road traffic levels grew heavily in some areas. This has come close to gridlock. Furthermore, in recent years there have been record high levels of passengers on the railways. A modest number of the railway closures have therefore been reversed.

In addition a small but significant number of closed stations have reopened, and passenger services been restored on lines where they had been closed or removed. Many of these were in the urban metropolitan counties and towns where Passenger Transport Executives have a role in promoting local passenger rail use.

A notable reopening was the Robin Hood Line in Nottinghamshire, between Nottingham and Worksop via Mansfield, which reopened in the early 1990s. Before the line reopened, Mansfield had been the largest town in Britain without a railway station.

Profits from the railways began to fall in the early 1980s. In 1983, the civil servant Sir David Serpell wrote what became known as the Serpell Report. He wanted even more cutbacks.

In the early 1980s there was a proposal to close Marylebone and divert British Rail services via High Wycombe into nearby Paddington. There was also a plan to extend the Metropolitan Line to Aylesbury, so London trains via Amersham would be sent to Baker Street. Marylebone station was to be converted into a bus and coach station. London Underground said the Metropolitan Line could not cope with any more trains and was full up. However these plans were deemed stupid and clumsy, and were quietly dropped.

The funding of BR was reduced so they created the cheaper Pacer trains. The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit, part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 and 1986. They originally worked around North East England but were later transferred to Wales. It was made out of bus parts put on to lorry chassis and train wheels. Earlier units proved to be unreliable, but later units were of a better design.

The British Rail Class 156 "Super-Sprinter" diesel multiple units were built from 1987 to 1989 to replace elderly First Generation "Heritage" DMUs (like the Class 127 units) and locomotive-hauled passenger trains.

As funding increased before privatisation the successful British Rail Class 158 "Express Sprinter" was made. It is a type of diesel multiple unit (DMU) train. They were built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at their Derby Works.

On 12 December 1988, three commuter trains crashed, just south-west of Clapham junction station, in London. 35 people died and more than 100 were injured. British Rail's 30-year-old vintage Mark 1 carriages were found out to be dangerous and the broken signalling equipment was fixed and improved.

The British government under John Major said that privatisation would help passenger services, but this did not happen until much later.

The Scottish Assembly Government have re-opened the lines between Hamilton and Larkhall, Alloa and Stirling and is working on a link from Airdrie to Bathgate. The biggest line-reopening project is the former Waverley railway Edinburgh to Borders line.

The Welsh Assembly Government has re-opened the Vale of Glamorgan Line between Barry Bock and Bridgend in 2005. The Ebbw Valley Line reopened between Ebbw Vale and Cardiff in the year 2008. It will later go on to services to Newport in Gwent in 2011. The Barry–Bridgend route was closed after the Beeching report of March 1963. The line's passenger service was officially shut down in June 1964, but freight continued until the late 1990s.

Some English stations like Corby and Mansfield were reopened after privatisation.
Yet more stations were reopened by British Rail in Scotland, England and Wales before privatisation when the railway was run properly.

Train fares cost more than under British Rail.

Regional Railways was one of the three passenger sectors of British Rail. It was created in the year 1982. It finished operation in 1996, two years after privatisation. In the privatisation of British Rail, InterCity trains were divided up into several franchises. The Caledonian Sleeper are transferred to ScotRail, now First ScotRail.

Since privatisation, the number of companies has changed a number of times as rules have changed and the areas covered altered. The companies that took over passenger rail services include:

"Six sub-brands also occurred in the early 2000s:"

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Wales and Borders, now part of Arriva Trains Wales.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Wessex Trains, now part of First Great Western.

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Silverlink Metro, now London Overground.

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Silverlink County, now part of London Midland.

<nowiki>***</nowiki> West Anglia, now part of National Express East Anglia.

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Great Northern Electrics, now part of National Express East Anglia.

The British Rail "double arrow" logo was said to show direction of travel on a double track railway on a railway map and was nicknamed "the arrow of indecision". It is now employed as a general symbol on street signs in Great Britain, but not in Northern Ireland, denoting railway stations, and as part of the Association of Train Operating Companies (A.T.O.C.)'s joint-managed National Rail brand, still being printed on railway tickets.

Sometimes strikes happened among British Rail staff, over staff pay, safety, working hours and alike. There were several strikes in the late 1970s, but decreased after privatisation. There were also several other strikes in the late 1970s. Other firms like the UK's coal mines also struck at this time.

Cobra

Cobra is a name of a snake. In English it is the common name for various venomous snakes. Most of those species are in the family Elapidae, and most of them can spread their neck ribs to form a flattened, widened hood.

The name "cobra" is short for "cobra de capelo" or "cobra-de-capelo", which is Portuguese for "snake with hood", or "hood-snake".

Cobras usually live in tropical and desert regions of Asia and Africa. When feeling threatened, cobras can tilt back and flatten their heads into their warning posture. The rest of the time their heads are symmetrical and they look much like any other snakes.

Cobra may refer to:

Most so-called, and all "true", species of cobras belong to the family Elapidae

Cape cobra

The Cape cobra ("Naja nivea") is a cobra inhabiting the regions of South Africa. It averages 4 feet (120 cm) long but may grow to be 6 feet (180 cm) long. The color varies from location to location, and those from the Kalahari are normally yellow with brown speck uniformly all over the body.

Kalahari Desert

The Kalahari Desert is a large arid to semi-arid sandy area in southern Kgalagadi Africa extending 900,000 km² (362,500 sq. mi.), covering much of Botswana and parts of Namibia and South Africa. It has huge tracts of excellent grazing after good rains.

The Kalahari Desert is the southern part of Africa, and the geography is a portion of desert and a plateau. The Kalahari supports some animals and plants because most of it is not a true desert. There are small amounts of rainfall and the summer temperature is very high. The driest areas usually receive of rain per year, and the wettest just a little over .

The surrounding Kalahari Basin covers over 2.5 million km² extending farther into Botswana, Namibia and South Africa, and encroaching into parts of Angola, Zambia and Zimbabwe. The only permanent river, the Okavango, flows into a delta in the northwest, forming marshes that are rich in wildlife. Ancient dry riverbeds—called omuramba—traverse the Central Northern reaches of the Kalahari and provide standing pools of water during the rainy season. Previously havens for wild animals from elephant to giraffe, and for predators such as lion and cheetah, the riverbeds are now mostly grazing spots, though leopard or cheetah can still be found.

The Kalahari has a number of game reserves—the Central Kalahari Game Reserve (CKGR, the world's second largest protected area), Khutse Game Reserve and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park. Animals that live in the region include brown hyenas, lions, meerkats, giraffe, warthogs, jackals and several species of antelope (including the eland, gemsbok, springbok, hartebeest, steenbok, kudu, and duiker), and many species of bird and reptiles. Vegetation in the Kalahari consists mainly of grasses and acacias but there are over 400 identified plant species present (including the wild watermelon or Tsamma melon).

The Bushmen of the Kalahari were hunter/gatherers. They hunted for meat and gathered the food of the desert to eat. They did not keep animals. They moved from place to place to find food and water. They owned very few things because they had to carry everything themselves. Very few people still live this way anywhere in the world.

Botswana

Namibia

South Africa

Silverstein

Silverstein is a Canadian post-hardcore band formed in Ontario, Canada, in 2000. Their name come from a children-book writer, Shel Silverstein.

After the several changes in the band's line up, Billy Hamilton joined the band. He found out about they needed a bass player while online. In the autumn of 2002, the band signed to their record label - Victory Records. They left Victory Records in 2010 and joined Hopeless Records.

In January 2003, their first (debut) album was released. The title was "When Broken Is Easily Fixed".

In 2005, Silverstein performed on the "Never Sleep Again" tour along with fellow emo band Hawthorne Heights. The next year, 2006, they toured on the "Vans Warped" tour. This is an event in the United States taking place in the summertime. The band's second album, "Discovering the Waterfront," has the singles "Discovering the Waterfront" and "Smile in Your Sleep".

Summertime last year, 2007, Silverstein released their third album, "Arrivals and Departures". It includes a single named "Still Dreaming". On MySpace, a social networking site, they posted a new song called "Broken Stars". Singer Shane Told has been trained by a vocal coach named Melissa Cross.

In Spring 2009, Silverstein released their fourth full length album, "Shipwreck in the Sand".

In Spring 2011, Silverstein released their fifth album, "Rescue".

Discovering the Waterfront

Discovering the Waterfront is the second full-length album by the band Silverstein. The album has three singles; "Smile In Your Sleep", "Discovering The Waterfront", and "My Heroine". All of the singles had music videos.

All songs written by Shane Told and Neil Boshart, except for where noted.



Pakistan State Oil

Pakistan State Oil is the oil market leader in Pakistan. The well established infrastructure, built at international standards, representing 82% of the country’s storage, gives it an edge over its competitors.

Mahmud I

Mahmud I (; August 2, 1696 – December 13, 1754) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1730 to 1754. He was the son of Mustafa II (1695–1703). His mother Emetullah Sultan, (born as Evemia) was of Greek ethnic descent. Mahmud I was the older brother of Osman III (1754–57).

Mahmud II

Mahmud II (Ottoman Turkish: محمود ثاني Mahmud-ı sānī) (July 20, 1785 – July 1, 1839) was the 30th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. He ruled from 1808 until his death. Mahmud was the son of Sultan Abdul Hamid I. His time as sultan is notable mostly for the major legal and military changes he caused.

Mahmud II was born in Istanbul. He was 23 years old when he came to the throne. He was an Islamic calligraphy artist, composer and poet. He wrote poems under the pseudonym "Adli". He was of a brave, patient and prudent temperament. He replaced the old military organization maintained by the governors of irregular auxiliaries (sekban - I Cedid). When the soldiers shortly after arose, he defeated them. The 1808 revolting insurgents killed Alemdar Mustafa Pasha. 

In 1812 the peace treaty was signed in Bucharest with the Russians. In 1813, with the help of Muhammed Ali Pasha, he defeated the Wahhabis, who desecrated the holy places and shrines in Mecca and Medina. 

In July of 1839 the Sultan Mahmud II died as the ill effects of life experienced by him calamitous events he was afflicted with tuberculosis and died.
His body was buried in the Türbe in Divanyolu.
Mahmud II was devoted to many works of the highest degree in any field.
He opened many new schools, and ordered to build large buildings. 
All the great mosques of Istanbul were repaired in his time. 
The bridge was built in Unkapani his time. 
In Mecca, he had built a madrasa and mend the Great Mosque (Mescid-i Aksa) in the holy city of Jerusalem.
The poet and Sümbülzâde Vehbi Kececizâde Izzet Molla died at this time.

His sons: Abdulmejid I *, * Abdulaziz, 4 Sehzades names Ahmet, Bayezid, veliaht Abdulhamid, Suleyman, 2 Sehzades called Mehmed Murad Nizameddin, Abdullah Osman.
His daughters: Emine Sultan, Sultan Hamide, Hayriye Sultan, Sultan Saw, * Saliha Sultan, Ayse Sultan, Sultan Atike *, 2 Fatma Sultan, Sultan Münire, Mihrimah Sultan *, * Adile Sultan.

Mahmud II (Seljuk sultan)

Mahmud II ("Kabızlık"; died 1131) proclaimed himself the Seljuk sultan of Baghdad in 1118 after the death of Mehmed I (probably Mahmud's father). Mahmud fought against the Seljuk Sultan of Khorasan, Ahmed Sanjar, whom Mehmed I had revolted against in 1105. Mahmud was succeeded by Dawud.

Mahmud of Ghazni

Mahmud of Ghazni, (, ; (2 November 971 – 30 April 1030) commonly known as Mahmud Ghaznavi, was the ruler of the Ghaznavid Empire from 997 until his death. He turned the former provincial city of Ghazni into the rich capital of an extensive empire which included modern-day Afghanistan, most of Iran, and parts of north-west India including modern-day Pakistan. He was also the first ruler to carry the title Sultan, signifying his break from the power of the Islamic Caliph.

Mahmud of Ghazni was known as Yāmīn al-Dawlah Maḥmūd (in full: Yāmīn al-Dawlah Abd al-Qāṣim Maḥmūd ibn Sebük Tegīn). He was the eldest son of Emir Sebüktegin. When he was young, Mahmud helped his father gain land through military campaigns against Turk nobles. In 997, he overthrew his younger brother, Ismail, who had been nominated for the throne after his father’s death. As soon as he had the throne, he went out to conquer territory.

Between 1000 and 1026, he invaded India at least 17 times. He led the first major Muslim army to invade India. His conquest of the entire Punjab including Haryana all the way up to Agra was the last invasion where he increased his territory in India. From then on, most of Mahmud’s raids were to gain wealth. Mahmud's last and most famous raid was on Somnath. This is a temple city on the Gujarati coast that was also a pilgrimage site. The temple had many riches: heavy golden chains and thousands of jewels. The battle was violent, and more than 50,000 people died. Mahmud's army won and plundered the temple of its riches and wealth.

With all his riches, Mahmud founded a university, a library, and a museum, a grand mosque and richened his capital. When Mahmud was about to die, he ordered all of his riches to be placed before him. Mahmud died on 30 April 1030.


Ghor and Muhammad ibn Suri are then captured by Mahmud, made prisoner along with Muhammad ibn Suri's son, and taken to Ghazni, where Muhammad ibn Suri dies.
Appoints Sewakpal to administer the region. Anandapala flees to Kashmir, fort in the hills on the western border of Kashmir. Mehmud attacks the fort but fails to capture it so he destroys every village in Kashmir during his retreat back to Afghanistan. He also defeats an army near Mirpur and captures the area appointing a Muslim governor. He establishes a caravan in the modern day city of Rawalpindi and fully annexes the Pothohar region.




Ghaznavid Empire

The Ghaznavid Empire was a Khorāṣānian Turkic 'persianate' Sunni Muslim state, which existed from 975 to 1187. It was centred in Ghazni, a city in the present Afghanistan, and later Lahore, a city in Punjab, Pakistan. It ruled much of Persia, Transoxania, Pakistan and the northern parts of India. The Ghaznavids are known for laying the foundation of Islamic rule in northern India when they conquered Peshawar and the entire Punjab region including Haryana up to Delhi in the year 1001. Their last outpost of conquest in north India was in Meerut city in Uttar Pradesh. The Ghaznavids relied strongly on Persian language and Persian culture and are therefore classified heavily as a "Persianate" empire.

Mahmud Shah of Malacca

Sultan Mahmud Shah (died 1528) ruled Malacca from 1488 to 1528. He was the son of Sultan Alauddin Riayat Shah.

Mahmud Shah Durrani

Mahmud Shah Durrani (1769 - 1829) was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803, again between 1809 and 1818. He was the son of Timur Shah Durrani and half-brother of his predecessor, Zaman Shah. On July 25, 1801, Zaman Shah was deposed, and Mahmud Shah ascended to rulership. He then had a chequered career; he was deposed in 1803, restored in 1809, and finally deposed again in 1818. He died in 1829. Between his two stints, the country was ruled by Shoja Shah, another of his half-brothers.

Durrani Empire

The Durrani Empire (known as the Afghan Empire) was established in 1747 by Ahmad Shah Durrani at Kandahar, Afghanistan. It included the land that is now called Afghanistan, Pakistan, eastern Iran and western India. The Durrani Empire is considered the foundation of the modern state of Afghanistan, with Ahmad Shah Durrani (Ahmad Shah Baba) being the "Father of the nation". 

The Durrani dynasty diminished in the early 19th century when Afghanistan was fighting defensive wars with Persia on one side and British India on the other side. The Barakzai dynasty took over control of the kingdom but lost many of Afghanistan's territories by the end of the 19th century. It became to what is now Afghanistan after the Anglo-Afghan Treaty of 1919 when the state became officially recognized by all the major countries in the world. At first its capital was in Kandahar as that is where the empire started however the capital then shifted to Kabul after its conquest. The empire had two capitals, the main capital Kabul and the winter capital, Peshawar.


Cognitive psychology

Cognitive psychology is a branch of psychology that looks at basic actions of the mind. These are aspects of the higher brain, such as thought, feeling, problem solving, memory, and language. Cognitive psychologists often look at mental changes that happen after a stimulus (things that can be felt by the five senses) and before a behavioral response (what a person does after sensing something).

The general idea of cognitive psychology was surveyed in several 19th century works:

Cognitive psychology had its beginnings in the Gestalt psychology of Max Wertheimer, Wolfgang Köhler, and Kurt Koffka, and in the work of Jean Piaget, who came up with a theory of "stages" or "phases" that describe children's cognitive development.



Celâl Bayar

Mahmut Celâl Bayar (16 May 1883 – 22 August 1986) was a Turkish politician, statesman and the third President of Turkey. At the time of his death, he was the longest lived former head of state, living over 103 years (he was surpassed in 2008 by Chau Sen Cocsal Chhum).

Perceptual psychology

Perceptual psychology is a subfield of cognitive psychology that is concerned specifically with the pre-conscious innate aspects of the human cognitive system or perception. A pioneer of this field was J. J. Gibson.

Mahmoud Abbas

Mahmoud Abbas () (born 15 November 1935), also known by the Kunya Abu Mazen (), was elected President of the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) or State of Palestine on 9 January 2005. He took office on 15 January 2005.

Abbas is a leading politician in Fatah. He served as the first Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority from March to October 2003. He resigned because of a lack of support from Israel and the United States as well as "internal incitement" against his government. Before becoming Prime Minister, Abbas led the Negotiations Affairs Department of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). He has served as Chairman of the PLO Executive Committee since 11 November 2004, after Yasser Arafat's death. Abbas is said to the an example of moderation in Palestine by Israel and the west.

Abbas was born in Safed. As a child, he and his family fled to Syria during the capture of the city by Jewish forces in May 1948.

He graduated from the Faculty of Law of the University of Damascus and postgraduate studies at the University of Friendship of Peoples. Patrice Lumumba. In 1982 he defended his dissertation at the Moscow branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences on "The Secret Relationship between Nazism and Zionism", the main ideas of which some sources interpreted as Holocaust denial. The director of the institute, EM Primakov, appointed Abbas VI Kiselyov, a specialist in the history of Palestine, as the scientific supervisor. Based on his dissertation, Abbas wrote a monograph, The Other Side: The Secret Relations between the Nazis and the Zionist Leadership.

In the "Relevance of the Topic" section of the dissertation, Abbas notes: "As the overall decline of capitalism deepens, the decline of Zionist ideology becomes more and more apparent Expansionist and racist forms… Exposing reactionary ideology… is considered an urgent matter for the entire anti-imperialist camp… The immediate goal of all modern anti-imperialist forces is to defend the world, denouement, democracy and social progress. Abbas sees his task in this scholarly work in "finding the connection between Zionism and Nazism of the Third Reich" because "Zionism flirted with Nazi Germany, so Zionist officials first established contacts with a regime that defined anti-Semitism as its own official state policy." And then "Zionist favorites та made secret deals with the Nazi government to organize the resettlement of deliberately selected Jewish parties in Palestine… Mossad emissaries were given the right to visit concentration camps by the Nazis со to sort prisoners.

In his dissertation, Abbas exposes other Zionist conspiracies with the Nazis: in order to populate Palestine with Jews, under the so-called Haavar agreement for 1,000 pounds, the Nazis released any Jew who wanted to leave Germany. "And in this the Zionists met with a favorable attitude of the authorities, which sought to cleanse Germany of Jews." Abbas notes "the closeness of the ideological concepts of Zionism and Nazism in terms of national chauvinism and racism." According to Abbas, this "mutually beneficial joint work" lasted for 6 years — from 1933 to 1939.

Two years later, at the Ibn Rashid publishing house in Amman, Jordan, Abbas published his own book in Arabic, The Hidden Relationships of Zionism and Nazism during World War II, an extended version of his dissertation, in which he rejected Zionist fabrications and the mythical heresy of the deaths of 6 million Jews — some of those who died suffered from a joint (Nazi-Zionist) conspiracy. He said: "The exact number of Jews killed in the war was significantly less than 6 million, even less than a million. The task of the Zionists was to increase the number of victims among the Jewish people in order to arouse the sympathy of the international community." In fact, according to him, "only 890 thousand Jews died, and crematorium furnaces were used only for the cremation of the bodies of the inhabitants of our planet who died of disease — to prevent the spread of infection."

Abu Mazen said that saving the Jews for humanitarian purposes was not of interest to the Zionists, and therefore "they did not make the slightest effort to persuade the West to accept Jewish refugees who had fled Nazi hell." He claims that the Zionists thwarted various intentions to support and promote salvation and hid information about the terrible participation of Euro-Jews "so that they would not need to take the necessary, predictable measures." He writes that "the Zionist movement was deliberately provoked against the Jews who lived on Nazi land in order to provoke dislike of the authorities and their group elimination".
There are frequent accusations that Palestinian Authority (PA) officials, including Abbas, have been involved in stealing public money.

During his testimony to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Middle East and South Asia, Elliott Abrams mentioned that "Corruption harms Palestinian finances and makes people lose trust in the entire political system. It has also made potential donors doubtful. I can share from my experience, as an American official seeking financial support for the Palestinian Authority from Gulf Arab countries, that I often heard, 'Why should we give them money when their officials will just take it?'"

In June 2021, many Palestinians protested against corruption and violence within the Abbas administration in central Ramallah, including at the president's headquarters. This came after anti-corruption activist Nizar Banat died while in government custody and a video of PA security forces beating and abducting him went viral online.

In 2023, a poll conducted by the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research (PSR) in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip shows that at least 80% palestinians want Abbas to resign.

Abid Hamid Mahmud

Abid Al-Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti ( 21 September 1957 - June 7, 2012) was an Iraqi lieutenant general under Saddam Hussein's deposed regime, and he was Saddam's bodyguard. He was executed on June 7, 2012.

Social psychology

Social psychology is the study in psychology of how people and groups interact. Researchers in this field are often either psychologists or sociologists. All social psychologists use both the individual and the group as their unit of analysis.

Despite their similarity, psychological and sociological researchers tend to differ in their goals, approaches, methods, and terminology. They also favor separate academic journals and professional groups. The greatest period of collaboration between sociologists and psychologists was during the years immediately following World War II. Although there has been increasing isolation and specialization in recent years, some degree of overlap and influence remains between the two disciplines.


Mahmoud El Nokrashy Pasha

Mahmoud Fahmi an-Nukrashi Pasha (1888 - 1948) (Arabic: محمود فهمي النقراشي باشا) was an Egyptian political figure. He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948. He was assassinated by the Muslim Brotherhood while he was Prime Minister.

Neuropsychology

Neuropsychology is the scientific study that studies the function and structure of the brain related to more common psychological processes and overt behaviors. The term has been applied to lesion studies in humans and animals. It has also been applied to efforts to record electrical activity from individual cells (or groups of cells) in higher primates (including some studies of human patients) you can apply to physical exercise.

Abnormal psychology

Abnormal psychology is a part of psychology. People who study abnormal psychology are psychologists. They are scientists that investigate the mind using the scientific method. Different cultures tend to have different ideas of how strange (abnormal) any behaviour is considered. This tends to change over time within cultures, so people that live in a country at one time in history might consider abnormal what people who live in the same country consider normal years before or years later.

Abnormal psychology is often used to understand or to treat people with mental disorders to make life better for them. This is because abnormal behaviour is often defined as when someone is not able to change how they behave to fit different settings. This is often also used to define some mental disorders. When someone cannot change their behaviour to fit the people and situations around them when they need to, it can cause suffering, and the person may be uncomfortable when around people. Their behaviour can be unreasonable and hard to understand. Their behaviour can even be dangerous.

Not everyone with a mental disorder is unable to adjust to their surroundings. People who can change to fit their the environment around them more easily than most people can also have behaviour that is considered abnormal and might also have an easier life with the help of a psychologist.

A supernatural belief is a belief in a force that is beyond scientific understanding. There are a lot of cultures that believe in supernatural events. These cultures include religious cultures, as well as the Ancient Chinese, Ancient Egyptians, Hebrews, and Ancient Greeks. These cultures have writings that say demons or Gods that would take over a person and act through those people. This was called possession. In the Roman Catholic Church, exorcisms were done to make these demons leave the body of the individuals they possessed. Exorcism involved prayer, noises and potions. People who had abnormal behaviour were often told they were possessed.

In some cultures, trepanation was often used. This was when a hole was made in someone's head to release the "bad spirit".

"Lunatic asylums" were buildings that kept patients that had abnormal behaviour. They became popular with the Madhouse Act of 1774, although they did exist before the Act. Asylums were meant to look after people who could not take care of themselves. But they were known for being cruel and abusive to their patients. The buildings were often dirty and not looked after very well.

During the late 1700s, William Tuke made a religious retreat for patients. This was a turn away from the horrors of mental asylums. Also, in the late 1700s, Philippe Pinel started to encourage better treatment of the mentally insane.

Most of the big asylums were closed in the 20th century because of the invention of antipsychotic medicines. There are still psychiatric hospitals for people with mental illness. This includes Broadmoor Hospital, which houses some of Britain's most dangerous criminals with mental illnesses.

In the 1800s, Dorothea Dix fought against the bad treatment of patients in mental asylums. She started a "mental hygiene" group to encourage politicians to change the treatment of mental patients in the United States. When people became aware of the wrongdoing in mental asylums, money was raised to improve the treatment of patients and the asylums. Dix is thought to have helped to create 32 mental hospitals. By 1940 there were more than 400,000 patients living in mental asylums.

Most treatments were still cruel to patients and were not effective. The asylums were quickly becoming overcrowded. Mary Jane Ward wrote a book in 1946 called "The Snake Pit" that raised awareness of the inhumane treatment of mental patients.

The National Institute of Mental Health was created the same year. The organisation provided training and support for mental patients and workers that cared for them. The Hill-Burton Act was passed to give money to the mental health hospitals.

Later, the Community Health Services Act of 1963 was passed. This law created buildings for patients to live at home rather than in hospitals. Rehabilitation and community care centers were also built under this act.

During the late 1900s, mental asylums were less accepted. The cruel treatment of patients and the overcrowding and ways of living were seen as not needed. Less money was given to asylums. So many closed all around the world. The closing down of mental hospitals was called deinstitutionalization. The movement from asylum to community was meant to help patients' development and recovery. The lack of good support programs meant that patients felt abandoned and found it hard to fit into normal life. This led to many becoming homeless.

In the past there were three ways to explain abnormal behaviour. These were supernatural, biological, and psychological explanations. Western medicine no longer uses supernatural explanations. It uses biological and psychological explanations. Biological explanations use genetics and neuroscience to explain abnormal behaviours. The biological explanation is based on how the brain works and how genes change the way it works. Psychological explanations use how the mind works to explain abnormal behaviours.

Early cultures believed that abnormal behaviour was from demons, spirits and astrology. Trepanation was when a hole was drilled in a person's head. This was done to let the spirits or demons out of the person's head.

Exorcism was practiced mainly by the Catholic Church. Exorcism was believed to ward the spirits out of the person that they possessed.

These practices were normal during the Middle Ages. Abnormal behaviour was thought to be a religious issue rather than a psychological one. Some abnormal behaviour was thought to be witchcraft. People accused of witchcraft were almost always punished. In many cases, the punishment was to be murdered.

The Biological approach to explaining abnormal behaviour assumes that the behaviour can be explained by physical factors. Hippocrates lived during the 5th century and is thought by many to be the father of modern medicine. He did not accept that evil spirits or astronomy were the causes of psychological disorders. Hippocrates believed that there were natural causes for the disorders and appropriate treatments could be found. He focused on the "four humors" of the brain. He believed that the four humours must be balanced for healthy mental states and when one humour was stronger, various disorders would appear. To balance the humors, Hippocrates would tell patients to change their lifestyles. There are now new ideas when talking about the biological explanations of psychological disorders. But, Hippocrates' focus on mental processes and clinical practice was a big change.

Another Greek physician called Galen also took a scientific approach to the causes of psychological disorders. He divided them into physical and mental categories. Among Galen's causes were head injuries, alcohol abuse, and life experiences. During the 18th century, Galen's concepts influenced the medical industry. Galen's focus was on the biological causes for mental disorders.

Psychological explanations for abnormal behavior sometimes take a behavioral approach in which the positive behaviors are reinforced and negative ones are not. This approach is more focused on changing the actual behavior of a person than the cause of it.

Sigmund Freud was one of the most popular psychological theorists of the 20th century. The method he used to study and treat patients was known as psychoanalysis. Methods of hypnosis were used by Freud, but also by Franz Mesmer and physicians in the Nancy School. Freud attempted to have his patients confess their deepest, truest emotions, which was referred to as a catharsis. He would have his patients speak freely about themselves, in free association. He would conduct dream analysis where patients would record and discuss their dreams. Freud's work led to other great psychoanalytic theorists such as Carl Jung, Alfred Adler, and Harry Stack Sullivan. Wilhelm Wundt and William James were credited for opening up the first experimental psychology laboratories. This led to many studies and psychological methods, such as classical conditioning led by Ivan Pavlov and John B. Skinner, while Edward Thorndike and B. F. Skinner were the leaders of the study of operant conditioning.

The North American reference book used by psychiatrists and psychologists to diagnose and treat psychological disorders is known as the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). It is produced by the American Psychiatric Association. The version released in May of 2013 and is known as the DSM-5. The DSM is relied upon by clinicians, health insurance companies, medicine companies, and the legal system as a reference for understanding and identifying mental disorders. The DSM divides mental disorders into groups and provides descriptive signs and symptoms that define each disorder. In addition, it lists statistics for each disorder ranging from its frequency in the general population to the most effective form of treatment

Before diagnosing an individual with a "specific" mental disorder, a professional must first determine whether that individual does in fact suffer from a mental disorder. The DSM defines a mental disorder as a condition that:


When using the DSM, a complete psychiatric diagnosis is split up into five dimensions, called "axes", that relate to different characteristics of disability or disorder:


The separate axes of the DSM are often linked together in the development of mental disorders.

The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD) was created by the World Health Organization and is the universal diagnostic system for mental disorders. The ICD is approved by health officials from 193 WHO member countries, and is available for free on the internet. Its purpose is to help countries reduce the problems associated with mental disorders. The coding system used in the DSM is designed to be compatible with the system used in the ICD; however, some codes may not match because the two publications get revised at different times. The ICD-10 was made public in 1994; its most recent update occurred in 2010. Chapter 5 of the ICD-10 covers over 300 mental and behavioral disorders which are divided into the following categories:


"The Online ICD-10 can be found in its entirety here"

Psychoanalysis is a form of therapy based on psychoanalytic theory. This theory states that human behavior is controlled by unconscious forces such as instinct and that there is no such thing as free will. Many ideas found in the theory can be traced back to Sigmund Freud. Freud believed mental disorders are a result of repressed memories and emotions from childhood; psychoanalysis is designed to search for these hidden memories and emotions and bring them to the patient's attention. Techniques such as hypnosis are used to tap into the unconscious mind with the hopes that the source of the disturbance is found. Freud also believed dreams had hidden meanings, and often asked patients to record their dreams for analysis. Because of the lack of scientific evidence supporting most Freudian ideas, psychoanalysis is rarely used by clinical psychologists and has been replaced by more effective forms of therapy.

Behavior therapy is based on the theory of behaviorism, which states that all human behavior is a result of a stimulus and reinforcement. Famous behaviorists include James Watson, B.F. Skinner, and Joseph Wolpe. The goal of this therapy is to increase one's positive or socially reinforcing behavior. Behavior therapy can be broken down into three areas:

Humanistic therapy is a method taken from Carl Rogers, which aims to focus on a client as a human rather than the problem that they have. A therapist can adjust the environment and mood of a session in a way that mimics normal conversation. This often helps the patient realize the issues they have, and share them with the therapist more successfully than in a traditional counseling session. Humanistic therapy creates an effective means of getting to the source of a problem and treating it properly.

Roger's own term was "client-centered therapy", which has the idea that the therapist is helping the client to become a genuine psychological adult.

John B. Watson

John Broadus Watson (January 9, 1878 – September 25, 1958) was an American psychologist. He established the psychological school of behaviorism, after doing research on animal behavior. This school was extremely influential in the middle of the 20th century, when B.F. Skinner developed it further.

Watson was forced to resign his chair at Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, because his affair with a graduate student became a public scandal. After this, Watson worked for many years for J. Walter Thompson, a leading American advertising agency. He is credited with popularizing the "coffee break" during an ad campaign for Maxwell House coffee.

Watson founded behaviorism in the spring of 1913 with his paper "Psychology as the behaviorist views it". In this article, Watson outlined the major features of his new philosophy of psychology, called "behaviorism". The first paragraph of the article concisely described his position:
Psychology as the behaviorist views it is a purely objective experimental branch of natural science. Its theoretical goal is the prediction and control of behavior. Introspection forms no essential part of its methods, nor is the scientific value of its data dependent upon the readiness with which they lend themselves to interpretation in terms of consciousness. The behaviorist, in his efforts to get a unitary scheme of animal response, recognizes no dividing line between man and brute. The behavior of man, with all of its refinement and complexity, forms only a part of the behaviorist's total scheme of investigation.
In 1913, Watson viewed Ivan Pavlov's conditioned reflex as primarily a physiological mechanism controlling glandular secretions. He had already rejected Edward Thorndike's "Law of Effect" (a precursor to B.F. Skinner's principle of reinforcement) because of what Watson believed were 'unnecessary subjective elements'. The article is also notable for its strong defense of the objective scientific status of applied psychology, which at the time was considered to be much inferior to the established experimental psychology.

With his behaviorism, Watson put the emphasis on external behavior of people and their reactions on given situations, rather than the internal, mental state of those people. In his opinion, the analysis of behaviors and reactions was the only objective method to get insight in the human actions. This outlook was thought to be extreme or radical behaviorism.

Watson wrote the book "Psychological care of infant and child" in 1928, with help from his mistress, turned wife, Rosalie Rayner. Rosalie later entitled a self-penned article "I am a mother of behaviorist sons". In the book, Watson explained that behaviorists were starting to believe psychological care and analysis was required for infants and children.

His slogan was "not more babies but better brought up babies". Watson argued for the nurture side of the nature-nurture debate, claiming that the world would benefit from extinguishing pregnancies for twenty years while enough data was gathered to ensure an efficient child-rearing process. Watsons’ description of a "happy child" was rather detached. It included ideas such as that the child can occupy himself through his problem-solving abilities, should only cry when in physical pain, and that the child stray from asking questions. Behavior analysis of child development as a field may have begun with the writings of Watson.

Watson carried out controversial science experiments known as the "Little Albert experiments"; in these experiments, Watson studied fear in infants.

Watson's views and life have been the subject of a number of works.


Indian English

Indian English or South Asian English is several dialects or varieties of English. It is spoken mainly in India, and by first-generation members of the Indian diaspora.

The dialect evolved during and after the British colonial rule of India. English is the co-official language of India, with about 90 million speakers, but with fewer than quarter of a million calling it a first language.

In 19th century India, Britain first faced the need to teach English to a body of people who were important to Britain.
There were a number of schools which taught and used English in India. They were mostly run by missionaries. Many taught European and Eurasian children and orphans. The products of these schools provided the first generation of teachers.

Ivan Pavlov

Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (14 September 1849 – 27 February 1936) was a Russian physiologist, psychologist, and physician.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1904 for research about the digestive system. Pavlov is widely known for first describing classical conditioning.

The son of a priest, and a theology student, Pavlov turned to science after being influenced by progressive ideas. He took natural sciences at the University of St Petersburg, and got a doctorate in 1878.

In the 1890s, Pavlov was investigating the gastric function of dogs by externalizing a salivary gland so he could collect, measure, and analyze the saliva and what response it had to food under different conditions. He noticed that the dogs tended to salivate before food was actually delivered to their mouths, and set out to investigate this "psychic secretion", as he called it. Pavlov performed and directed experiments on digestion, eventually publishing "The work of the digestive glands" in 1897, after 12 years of research. His experiments earned him the 1904 Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine.

The concept for which Pavlov is famous is the "conditioned reflex" he developed with his assistant Ivan Tolochinov in 1901.

As Pavlov's work became known in the West, particularly through the writings of John B. Watson, the idea of "conditioning" as an automatic form of learning became a key concept in the developing specialism of comparative psychology, and the general approach to psychology called behaviourism.

The British philosopher Bertrand Russell was an enthusiastic advocate of the importance of Pavlov's work for philosophy of mind.

Pavlov's research on conditional reflexes greatly influenced not only science, but also popular culture. The phrase "Pavlov's dog" is often used to describe someone who merely reacts to a situation rather than using critical thinking. Pavlovian conditioning was a major theme in Aldous Huxley's dystopian novel, "Brave New World", and also to a large degree in Thomas Pynchon's "Gravity's Rainbow".

It is popularly believed that Pavlov always signalled the food by ringing a bell. However, his writings also record the use of many stimuli, including electric shocks, whistles, metronomes, tuning forks, and a range of visual stimuli. Catania did not believe Pavlov ever actually used a bell in his famous experiments. Littman tentatively attributed the popular imagery to Pavlov’s contemporaries Vladimir Bekhterev and John B. Watson, until Thomas found several references that clearly said Pavlov did, indeed, use a bell.

It is less widely known that Pavlov's experiments on the conditional reflex included children, some of whom apparently underwent surgical procedures, similar to the dogs, for the collection of saliva.

Hamilton College

Hamilton College is a private, independent, liberal arts college in Clinton, New York. In 2007, U.S. News & World Report ranked Hamilton the 17th best liberal arts college in the United States.
The college is known for its emphasis on writing and speaking. The school was founded in 1793, chartered as Hamilton College in 1812, and has been coeducational since 1978, when it merged with Kirkland College.

Starting in 1996 "the Sacerdote Great Names Series" has brought some of the most sought after speakers to campus for presentations. While most of these have been in the form of speeches, they have also included concerts by B. B. King and Aretha Franklin.

To date the speakers that have been part of this series are:



Jon Stewart

Jon Stewart (born Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz; November 28, 1962), is an American comedian, actor, writer, and producer. He is best known as the host of Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" and for his political satire. Stewart started as a stand-up comedian, but later branched out to television, hosting "Short Attention Span Theater" for Comedy Central. He went on to host his own show on MTV, called "The Jon Stewart Show" and then hosted another show on MTV called You Wrote It, You Watch It.” Stewart is Jewish.

In 2014, Stewart directed his first movie, a drama about Iran called “Rosewater.”

Quagga

The Quagga ("Equus quagga quagga"), also Cape Quagga, is a recently extinct zebra.

It was one of the six subspecies of plains zebra. It was a yellowish-brown zebra with stripes only on its head, neck and forebody, and looks similar to an Okapi. The Quagga was native to dry grassy plains in the south of the African continent. It was found as far north as the Orange River. It is believed to have separated from other plains zebras between 120,000 and 290,000 years ago. The name "Quagga" comes from the noise that they made. (kwa-ka-ka) (qua-ga-ga).

The Quagga was hunted for food, for their skin and also because farmers did not want it to eat the grass they needed for their sheep and goats. The last wild Quaggas died during a drought in 1878. The last captive Quagga died in the Amsterdam Zoo on 12 August 1883. Her body is now in a museum. There are 23 Quagga specimens in museums, seven skeletons, and some skulls and other bones.

A foundation in Africa is trying to bring Quaggas back to life by taking zebras that have very light stripes and breeding them. They began in 1987 and the first Quagga foal was born in 2005.

Przewalski's horse

Przewalski's horse ("Equus przewalskii" or "E. ferus przewalskii"), the Mongolian wild horse, is a close relative of the domestic horse. The two are the only equids that can cross-breed and produce fertile offspring. Przewalski's horse is a rare and endangered subspecies of the wild horse, "Equus ferus". It is native to the steppes of central Asia, especially Mongolia.

At one time extinct in the wild, it has been reintroduced to its native habitat in Mongolia from stock in zoos. It is now in several nature reserves and national parks. As of 2002, the world population of these horses was about 1,000.

Most "wild" horses today, such as the American mustang or the Australian brumby, are feral horses descended from domesticated animals which escaped and adapted to life in the wild. In contrast, Przewalski's horse has never been successfully domesticated, and remains a truly wild animal today.

Przewalski's horse is one of three known subspecies of "Equus ferus", the others being the domesticated horse, "Equus ferus caballus" and the extinct tarpan, "Equus ferus ferus". Przewalski's horse is the only remaining truly wild "horse" in the world. There are still a number of other wild equines, including three species of zebra and various subspecies of the African wild ass, onager (including the Mongolian wild ass) and kiang.

Although Przewalski's horse can hybridize with domestic horses to produce fertile offspring, it has an extra pair of chromosomes.

According to ISIS, about 480 Przewalski's were reported in captivity.

Nation state

The nation state is a form of state that rules mainly one nation. The state is a political entity (the government, etc.); the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity. The term "nation state" means that both are on the same territory, which distinguishes the nation state from the other types of states that have existed.

Clear examples of nation states include:
In Europe, in the 18th century, the classic non-national states were empires of many ethnicities, (Austria-Hungary, the Russian Empire, the Ottoman Empire, the French Empire and the British Empire).





Joseph McCarthy

Joseph Raymond McCarthy (November 14, 1908 – May 2, 1957) was an American politician. He was a Republican U.S. Senator from the state of Wisconsin from 1947 until his death in 1957. Beginning in 1950, McCarthy became the most visible public face of a period of intense anti-communist suspicion inspired by the tensions of the Cold War.

He made Americans aware that there were large numbers of Communists and Soviet spies and sympathizers inside the federal government and elsewhere. The term "McCarthyism," coined in 1950 in reference to McCarthy's practices, was soon applied to similar anti-communist pursuits.

During World War II he was a captain in the United States Marine Corps.

McCarthy died of hepatitis at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center.


 

Poet laureate

A poet laureate is a poet officially appointed by the government of a country. He or she is responsible for writing poems for special occasions in that country, for example a coronation or military victory.

The first official Poet Laureate was Ben Jonson in 1619. There are also Poets Laureate in the United States, Canada, and New Zealand.

The Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom is Carol Ann Duffy. She was appointed Poet Laureate on 1 May 2009 to take the place of Andrew Motion. She is the first British woman Poet Laureate.


List of emperors of Japan

The list of emperors of Japan presents the traditional order of succession. Records of the reigns of the emperors of Japan were compiled according to the traditional Japanese calendar, and these traditional dates have been converted into the Western calendar format.


Katy Perry

Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), known professionally as Katy Perry, is an American singer, songwriter and television judge. She has released six studio albums and two EPs. 

In 2001, she released a Christian album named after herself, "Katy Hudson". In November 2007, Perry released the music video for her first single, "Ur So Gay". She has a mezzo-soprano vocal range. She has earned nine number-one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100, five of which are from one album (she became the first female artist to achieve this record). Perry has also been nominated for 11 Grammy Awards.

Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson was born on October 25, 1984 at Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara, California, to Maurice Hudson and Mary Hudson ("née" Perry), both pastors. She has an older sister, Angela, and a younger brother, David, who is also a musician. Perry has said that her upbringing was "sheltered" and that an example of this was that her family did not eat Lucky Charms cereal because her parents thought that luck was something that came from the devil. She also called deviled eggs "angeled eggs" growing up.

Then known as Katy Hudson, she released a Christian album named after herself. It had the single "Search Me". She was discovered by Glen Ballard, who is known for his work with musician Alanis Morissette. This album did not perform well, and she was dropped from her record label, Red Hill, when the label was shut down. She struggled for six years before eventually signing with her current label, Capitol Records.

After changing her last name to Perry (her mother's maiden name) so that she allegedly would not be confused with actress Kate Hudson, Katy released an EP album called "Ur So Gay". This song has been criticized and labeled homophobic. On June 17, 2008, Perry released her first pop album called "One of the Boys" with singles including "I Kissed a Girl" (her first number-one hit), "Hot N Cold", and "One of the Boys".

She co-wrote the single "I Do Not Hook Up" for singer Kelly Clarkson (the first winner of "American Idol"), along with the song "Rock God" for singer-actress Selena Gomez.

Katy perry record the album at the end of September of 2009 Perry's third album, "Teenage Dream", was released in August 2010 and included the singles "California Gurls", "Teenage Dream", and "Firework". She is the only female artist to get 5 number-one singles from one album on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Along with the album's first three singles reaching the top, "E.T." featuring Kanye West and "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" also hit number one. The only other artist to get 5 number-one songs from one album is Michael Jackson, with "Bad". She was inspired by her then-engagement to British comedian and actor Russell Brand.

At the Grammy Awards in 2012, Perry performed a new song, "Part of Me", that was released as the lead single from the re-release of "Teenage Dream", called "Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection". The song entered at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her seventh US number-one hit. The next single, "Wide Awake", reached number two in the US and topped the Canadian Hot 100.

In July 2012, Perry released the concert film/biopic "Part of Me in 3D". The movie shows her early life through the "Teenage Dream" era and her rise to fame.

On November 30, 2012, Perry went to the 2012 Billboard Women in Music event. She was given the Woman of the Year Award there.

In 2012 Katy perry began the recording of her album In August 2013, Killer Queen, Perry's third fragrance, was released.

Perry collaborated with fellow American pop star Britney Spears to write the song "Passenger" for Spears' eighth studio album, "Britney Jean".

Perry's fourth album, "Prism", was released on October 18, 2013. It reached number one in 83 countries. The first single from the album, "Roar", was number one in Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Ireland, Israel, Lebanon, New Zealand, Scotland, South Korea, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Perry performed the song at the 2013 American Music Awards.

On November 10, 2013, she performed the album's second single, "Unconditionally", at the 2013 MTV Europe Music Awards.

On December 5, 2013, Perry's single "Roar" was nominated for the 2014 Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance. She performed at The GRAMMY Nominations Concert Live!

On May 7, 2014, Perry began the Prismatic World Tour in support of her fourth studio album, "Prism".

The album's third single, "Dark Horse", featuring rapper Juicy J, became Perry's ninth number-one single in the United States. It was the second-best performing single of 2014 there.

In 2016, she released the single "Rise" in support of the Rio Olympics. Two music videos were released: one with an Olympic theme and one which depicts Perry with a red parachute. The song reached number one in Australia and the top twenty in the US and Canada.

In 2015 - 2016 the signer was on hiatus for a little while in 1 1/2 years On February 10, 2017, Perry released the single "Chained to the Rhythm", which reached the top five in many countries worldwide, including the US, UK, and Canada. It features the grandson of Bob Marley, Skip Marley, and was co-written by Australian singer-songwriter Sia. Two months later, the single "Bon Appétit" was made available for download. The hip-hop group Migos is featured on this song. "Swish Swish" (featuring) rapper Nicki Minaj) and "Hey Hey Hey" were released as the album's third and fourth singles, respectively. "Swish Swish" became certified platinum in the US.

In May 2017, Perry announced that her fifth studio album would be released on June 9 and is called "Witness". She also announced "Witness: The Tour", a concert tour that began in North America in September 2017.

During the weekend of the release of "Witness", Perry partnered with YouTube and held a 96-hour livestream event called "Witness World Wide". In the stream, Perry was recorded over four days throughout her daily life in a house she rented in Los Angeles. She held segments which featured celebrities, like British talk show host James Corden, "Huffington Post" founder Arianna Huffington, and YouTuber Gigi Gorgeous. Perry could also be seen crying in a therapy session. She claimed she got rid of her long, dark hair in favor of a new, short and blonde hairdo at a time where she questioned whether she still wanted her fame and did not "want to be Katy Perry anymore." The livestream gained over 49 million views on YouTube. In 2018, Perry became a judge in American Idol, a job she had previously refused.

In February 2019, Perry released her first single of the year, titled "365", with DJ Zedd. 365 was followed up with the singles "Never Really Over" on May 31, "Small Talk" on August 9, and "Harleys in Hawaii" on October 16. She also appeared in Taylor Swift's music video for "You Need to Calm Down".

In March 2020, Perry released the single “Never Worn White”. The single "Daisies" was released on May 15 as the lead single from her upcoming sixth studio album, "Smile". "Never Really Over" and "Harleys in Hawaii" are also included on the album. Perry revealed that the album would be released on August 14 but was pushed back two weeks to August 28 because of production delays.

Perry is a mezzo-soprano with a three octave vocal range. Her voice has been misclassified and starting debates since her debut album. Perry's chest-dominant mix leads people to believe that she has a ‘weightier’ voice than she actually does. Her tessitura is not sky high, but her complete discomfort down low and ease (at least for her technique) in the upper 5th octave means she must be a soprano.

Perry married British comedian and actor Russell Brand on October 23, 2010. However, the two divorced in December 2011. She previously dated Gym Class Heroes lead singer Travie McCoy. She began dating actor Orlando Bloom in 2016. In 2019 the pair announced their engagement.

Her daughter, Daisy Dove Bloom was born on August 27, 2020. This is Perry's first child and Bloom's second.



One of the Boys

One of the Boys is the first album by pop singer Katy Perry. Four singles were released from it. The album's first single "I Kissed a Girl" was no.1. 


I Kissed a Girl

