The subsequent release, version 3.0, maintained the feature set found in version 2.0. The firewall allocated internet access as needed rather than relying on user input using predefined rules. Compatibility with OS 8 was dropped. When running under OS 9.2, a PowerPC processor, 24 MB of RAM, and 25 MB of free space was required. Under OS X 10.1.5 through 10.3, a PowerPC G3, 128 MB of RAM, and 150 MB of free space is required. However, version 3.0 is not compatible with OS X 10.4, or "Tiger".

Version 4.0 was released on December 18, 2008. Symantec also marketed a bundle of Version 4.0 and the 2009 version for Windows, intended for users with both Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X installed. iClean was dropped from this release. The firewall blocked access to malicious sites using a blacklist updated by Symantec. To prevent attackers from leveraging insecurities in the Mac or installed software, exploit protection was introduced in this release. Phishing protection was introduced in this release as well. Operating system requirements call for Mac OS X 10.4.11 or higher. Either a PowerPC or Intel Core processor, 256 MB of RAM and 150 MB of free space are required.

The FBI confirmed the active development of Magic Lantern, a keylogger intended to obtain passwords to encrypted e-mail as part of a criminal investigation. Magic Lantern was first reported in the media by Bob Sullivan of MSNBC on 20 November 2001 and by Ted Bridis of the Associated Press. The FBI intended to deploy Magic Lantern in the form of an e-mail attachment. When the attachment was opened, it installed a trojan horse on the suspect's computer. The trojan horse is activated when the suspect uses PGP encryption, often used to increase the security of sent e-mail messages. When activated, the trojan horse will log the PGP password, which allows the FBI to decrypt user communications. Symantec and other major antivirus vendors whitelisted Magic Lantern, rendering their antivirus products, including Norton Internet Security, incapable of detecting Magic Lantern. Concerns include uncertainties about Magic Lantern's full potential and whether hackers could subvert it for purposes outside the jurisdiction of the law.

In 2006, Oli Warner published two articles comparing the system performance impact of various Windows applications, including Norton Internet Security 2006. He later reran the experiments, revising his methodology and included 2007 version at Symantec's request. Warner benchmarked the processor and the disk performance with and without each application, compiling two scripts in C++, a programming language. One calculated all prime numbers between 100,000 and 200,000 and the other tested file read/write time. BootVis was used to measure boot time. All testing was conducted inside a virtualized environment created by VMware. Despite the 2007 version's improvements, Warner noted its significant boot delay and impact on file operations.

Recent testing conducted by PassMark Software found the 2009 version had the least impact on system performance. As noted earlier, Symantec funded the testing and provided some of the scripts used. Warner's scripts were also used to test file read/write time. The second and third ranked suites were ESET Smart Security 2008 and Kaspersky Internet Security 2009, respectively. Systems were benchmarked with a clean installation of Windows Vista, then again with a security suite installed. The 2009 version had the least impact on boot time, the fastest scan speed, lowest memory utilization, and the program itself installed the fastest out of its competitors. However, the 2009 version had the second most impact on file read/write time.

Norton Internet Security (Windows versions) have been criticized for refusing to uninstall completely, leaving unnecessary files behind. Versions prior to 2009 installed a separate LiveUpdate program, which updated Norton-branded software. The user must uninstall both Norton Internet Security and the LiveUpdate component manually. The LiveUpdate component is purposely left behind to update other Norton-branded products, if present. In response, Symantec developed the Norton Removal Tool to remove leftover registry keys and values along with files and folders. Uninstallation will not remove subscription data, preserved to prevent users from installing multiple trial copies.

When Norton Internet Security 2008 is installed, users encountered incompatibilities upgrading to Windows XP Service Pack 3 or Windows Vista Service Pack 1. Users report numerous invalid registry keys being added by a tool named fixcss.exe, resulting in an empty Device Manager and missing devices such as wireless network adapters. Symantec initially blamed Microsoft for the incompatibilities but has since accepted partial responsibility.

Dave Cole, Symantec's senior director of product management, acknowledged that users running Norton products were experiencing problems, but said the numbers are small. Cole also said that Symantec had done "extensive testing" of its products with Windows XP SP3, but this issue had not surfaced. Cole essentially blamed Microsoft, "This is related to XP SP3," he stated. Microsoft recommended users to contact Windows customer support. To resolve the problem, Symantec issued a fix intended for users before upgrading. Symantec also recommended disabling the tamper protection component in the 2008 release, dubbed SymProtect. A tool to remove the added registry entries is also available from Symantec.

Sarah Hicks, Symantec's vice president of consumer product management, voiced concern over Windows Vista 64-bit's PatchGuard feature. PatchGuard was designed by Microsoft to ensure the integrity of the kernel, a part of a operating system which interacts with the hardware. Rootkits often hide in an operating system's kernel, complicating removal. Mike Dalton, European president of McAfee said, "The decision to build a wall around the kernel with the assumption it can't be breached is ridiculous", claiming Microsoft was preventing security vendors from effectively protecting the kernel while promoting its own security product, Windows Live OneCare. Hicks said Symantec did not mind the competition from OneCare. Symantec later published a white paper detailing PatchGuard with instructions to obtain a PatchGuard exploit. After negotiations and investigations from antitrust regulators, Microsoft decided to allow security vendors access to the kernel by creating special API instructions.


Ottauquechee River

The Ottauquechee River is a river in Vermont, in the eastern United States. It is a tributary to the Connecticut River, and is about long. It begins in the Green Mountains, and flows through the counties of Rutland County and Windsor County, flowing into the Connecticut River in the town of Hartland. There is one hydroelectric dam on the river, which forms a lake called North Hartland Lake.

San Diego Creek

San Diego Creek is a small northwest-flowing river in Orange County, California. It is about long and its watershed covers 112.2 square miles (291 square kilometers) in three cities. Its source is in the Coast Range, but several of its tributaries begin in the Santa Ana Mountains and flow west to the creek. San Diego Creek flows into Upper Newport Bay, a branch of Newport Bay and eventually the Pacific Ocean.



Gateshead F.C.

Gateshead F.C. is an association football team who are from North East England. They are an professional club.

Their supporters, known as Tynesiders, number in the hundreds.

During the early years of the English Football League, South Shields played in the league, finishing as high as sixth in the Second Division. However problems with money saw them move the short distance between to Gateshead. Gateshead became an established team in the Football League's bottom division, coming close to promotion twice. But in 1960, they were controversially voted out of the league, to be replaced by Peterborough United F.C.. The team never really recovered and entered administration in 1974.

A successor to Gateshead were soon founded, and attempted to join the Scottish Football League, but they did not get enough votes. This new team also went out of business. But once again, the people of South Shields saved Gateshead and in 1977 the current Gateshead side moved to the town. Gateshead have since moved between the Northern Premier League and the Football Conference. Under Gary Mills, they were able to reach the playoff final but Cambridge beat them to end their hopes of return to the League. Since then a more mellow patch followed.


Ragdoll Productions

Ragdoll Productions Limited, or simply Ragdoll, is a British television production company founded in 1984 by Anne Wood, who had previously worked for Yorkshire Television and TV-am. It is located in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, and has produced a number of children's programmes, most notably "Pob's Programme", "Teletubbies", "Rosie and Jim", "Brum", "Boohbah", "Tots TV", and "In the Night Garden...," most of which are now owned by WildBrain.

The following are some of Ragdoll's productions before the company was founded, accompanied by a brief description and vital statistics:


Ragdoll's programmes produced between 1990 and 2017 (excluding "Pob's Programme", "BOOM!" and "Storytime") are currently owned by WildBrain (formerly known as DHX Media).


Fun and Fancy Free

Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 American animated musical fantasy comedy package movie. It was produced by Walt Disney. It was released on September 27, 1947 by RKO Radio Pictures. It is the 9th Disney animated movie and the fourth of the package movies the studio produced in the 1940s in order to save money during World War II. The Disney package movies of the late 1940s helped finance "Cinderella", and subsequent others, such as "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan".

The movie features two stories. 
The first story, "Bongo", is hosted by Jiminy Cricket and narrated by Dinah Shore. Based on the tale "Little Bear Bongo" by Sinclair Lewis, "Bongo" tells the story of a circus bear cub named Bongo who longs for freedom from captivity. Bongo escapes the circus and eventually forms a romantic relationship with a female bear cub named Lulubelle in the wild, realizing that he must prove himself in order to earn Lulubelle as his mate. 
The second story, "Mickey and the Beanstalk", is hosted by Edgar Bergen and Sterling Holloway and is a retelling of "Jack and the Beanstalk" featuring Mickey, Donald, and Goofy as three pheasants who discover the temperamental Willie the Giant's castle in the sky through the use of some magic beans. They must battle the greedy but lovable giant in order to restore peace to their valley. "Mickey and the Beanstalk" was the last time Walt Disney voiced Mickey Mouse, because he was too busy on other projects to continue voicing the famous character. Disney replaced himself with sound effects artist Jimmy MacDonald.



"Fun and Fancy Free" received mostly positive reception. Rotten Tomatoes said that the movie has a 71% approval rating based on 7 reviews, with an average score of 6/10. The site's consensus reads, "Though it doesn't quite live up to its title, "Fun and Fancy Free" has its moments, and it's a rare opportunity to see Mickey, Donald, and Goofy together."

"Fun and Fancy Free" was first released on VHS in 1982. It was re-released on VHS and LaserDisc in 1997 as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection. It made its DVD debut in 2000 as part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection. The movie was released in a 2-Movie collection Blu-ray with "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad" on August 12, 2014.



Melody Time

Melody Time is the 10th animated movie in the Disney animated features canon, produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on May 27, 1948. Melody Time was first released on home video on June 2, 1998, under the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection title. Its next, and so far last, release was on June 6, 2000 on DVD under the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection title.



Antimetabole

An antimetabole is the identical or near repetition of words in one phrase or clause, in reverse order in the next phrase or clause. For example, US President John F. Kennedy used an antimetabole in this famous statement: "Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country".

Karachi Division

Karachi Division () is an administrative division of the Sindh Province of Pakistan.

The Karachi Division was abolished in 2000 and five districts of Karachi were merged in City District Karachi.

On 11 July 2011, Sindh Government restored again 5 districts of Karachi division.

In November 2013, a new district (6th), Korangi was formed by splitting District Karachi East.

Santa Margarita River

The Santa Margarita River is a river in southern California, between Los Angeles and San Diego. It is about long. It begins in the Santa Ana Mountains and flows west to the Pacific Ocean, at the Gulf of Santa Catalina.



Ray Comfort

Ray Comfort (born December 5, 1949) is a New Zealand-born American Christian minister and evangelist of Jewish descent. He started Living Waters Publications and "The Way of the Master", with Kirk Cameron, and has written many books.



Flaming Gorge Dam

The Flaming Gorge Dam is a concrete-arch dam on the Green River in Utah, in the United States. Built in 1958-1964, the dam is tall, long, and thick. It is one of the biggest dams in the United States. Its reservoir, the Flaming Gorge Reservoir, is about long, and covers 42,000 acres (170 square kilometers). The dam was built for water storage and hydroelectric power, and it produces about 152 megawatts of electricity.

Salton Sea

The Salton Sea is a large inland lake in the United States state of California. There are no rivers which flow out of it (making it an endorheic lake), so it is very salty. It is approximately long from north to south, and wide from east to west. It is well below sea level, with its surface elevation at , and its deepest part is deep. The New River and Alamo River flow in from the south, while the Whitewater River flows in from the north. It was created in 1905, when heavy rain flooded the Colorado River and caused it to flow into the basin that now holds the Salton Sea.

Endorheic basin

An endorheic basin, also called an internal drainage system, is a drainage basin, or watershed, that does not flow to one of the Earth's major oceans. This is unlike normal basins that collect in rivers and flow to the ocean. Endorheic basins usually end in a saline lake or a salt flat. They can be found in all parts of the world, but usually in desert locations.

Endorheic lakes in Antarctica are located in the McMurdo Dry Valleys, Victoria Land, Antarctica, the largest ice-free area in Antarctica.

Much of western and Central Asia is a single, giant inland basin. It contains several lakes, including:

Australia, being very dry and having exceedingly low runoff ratios due to its ancient soils, has a great prominence of variable, endorheic drainages. The most important are:


Many small lakes and ponds in North Dakota and Manitoba are endorheic; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores.

All these lakes are drained, however, either through manmade canals or via karstic phenomena.
Minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the Mediterranean countries Spain (e.g. Laguna de Gallocanta), Italy, Cyprus (Larnaca and Akrotiri salt lakes) and Greece.


Some of the Earth’s ancient endorheic systems include:


Great Salt Lake

The Great Salt Lake is a very large saltwater lake in the United States. It is in the state of Utah. It is an endorheic lake, meaning that the water in it does not flow to the ocean. It is one of the biggest endorheic lakes in the world. The lake is in the Great Basin, a large area of desert terrain covering parts of the states of Nevada, Utah, Idaho, California, and Arizona. It is many times saltier than the average of the world's oceans.

The lake is about long and wide. Its surface area averages , but because of its desert location, its size changes very often. The three major rivers that flow into it are the Jordan, Weber, and Bear rivers. Because of its similarity to the Dead Sea in Asia, it has been called "America's Dead Sea". However, the lake is a rich habitat for many species of birds, shrimp, and other animals.

The lakeshore borders Davis, Tooele, Box Elder, Salt Lake, and Weber counties, all in the state of Utah.


Rainy Lake

Rainy Lake () is a lake on the border of the United States and Canada. The lake is about long and wide, covering about 345 square miles (894 square kilometers). The Rainy River flows from the west side of the lake, and is a source of hydroelectric power for the city of International Falls. Other than electric power generation, Rainy Lake's waters are also a popular boating and fishing spot.

Roy McKie

Roy McKie is the illustrator, the person who drew the pictures, of most of the Dr. Seuss books. The books were written by Theodor Geisel.

Sika deer

The sika deer ("Cervus nippon") is a member of the deer family Cervidae. It lives in East Asia. It is found in mixed deciduous forests to the north, and mixed subtropical deciduous and evergreen forests to the south.

Sika deer are native to Taiwan to Japan, but they have been introduced to many parks in Europe. In the UK, there are large populations in Ireland and Scotland and there are patchy populations scattered across England.

Tulsa Public Schools

Tulsa Public Schools is the public school system for the city of Tulsa, Oklahoma. 

Schools in the Tulsa school system include:

Elementary Schools:

Eliot Elementary

Eisenhower Elementary

Patrick Henry Elementary

Barnard Elementary
Middle Schools:

Edison Middle School

Carver Middle School
High Schools:

Memorial High School

McClain High School

Edison High School

Booker T. Washington High School

Hale High School

Central

Project 12
http://www.tulsaschools.org/

Zenobia (plant)

Zenobia is a genus of small shrubs in the family "Ericaceae". There is only one species in this genus — "Zenobia pulverulenta" from bogs of south-east of USA. The common English name of this plant is "Honeycup". It is an evergreen plant with blue-green leaves and small white flowers in the shape of bells. The genus was named in honour of Zenobia Septimia (240 — after 274), Queen of Palmira.

Honeycup is cultivated as a garden plant.

Hyperbolic geometry

In mathematics, hyperbolic geometry is a non-Euclidean geometry, meaning that the parallel postulate that defines Euclidean geometry isn't true. On a hyperbolic plane, lines that started out parallel will become further and further apart.

Replacing this rule means that hyperbolic geometry is different from ordinary flat plane geometry. For example, triangles will have angles that add up to less than 180 degrees, meaning that they are too pointy and will look like the sides are sinking into the middle.

Many real objects look like hyperbolic planes. For example, some types of coral and lettuce are shaped like pieces of hyperbolic planes. Other people say that it's easier to draw a map of the Internet when your map isn't flat, because there are a lot of computers around the edges but very few in the center. Some physicists even think our universe is a little bit hyperbolic.

The parallel postulate in Euclidean geometry says that in two dimensional space, for any given line "l" and point "P" not on "l", there is exactly one line through "P" that does not intersect "l". This line is called "parallel" to "l". In hyperbolic geometry there are at least two such lines through "P". As they do not intersect "l", the parallel postulate is false. Models have been constructed within Euclidean geometry that obey the axioms of hyperbolic geometry. These models prove that the parallel postulate is independent of the other postulates of Euclid.

Because there is no hyperbolic analogue to Euclidean parallel lines, the hyperbolic use of "parallel" and related terms varies among writers. In this article, the two limiting lines are called "asymptotic" and lines that have a common perpendicular are called "ultraparallel." The simple word "parallel" may apply to both.

An interesting property of hyperbolic geometry follows from the occurrence of more than one parallel line through a point "P": there are two classes of non-intersecting lines. Let "B" be the point on "l" such that the line "PB" is perpendicular to "l". Consider the line "x" through "P" such that "x" does not intersect "l", and the angle θ between "PB" and "x" counterclockwise from "PB" is as small as possible; i.e., any smaller angle will force the line to intersect "l". This is called an asymptotic line in hyperbolic geometry. Symmetrically, the line "y" that forms the same angle θ between "PB" and itself but clockwise from "PB" will also be asymptotic. "x" and "y" are the only two lines asymptotic to "l" through "P". All other lines through "P" not intersecting "l", with angles greater than θ with "PB", are called ultraparallel (or disjointly parallel) to "l". Since there are an infinite number of possible angles between θ and 90 degrees, and each one will determine two lines through "P" and disjointly parallel to "l", there exist an infinite number of ultraparallel lines.

Thus we have this modified form of the parallel postulate: In hyperbolic geometry, given any line "l", and point "P" not on "l", there are exactly two lines through "P" which are asymptotic to "l", and infinitely many lines through "P" ultraparallel to "l".

The differences between these types of lines can also be looked at like this: the distance between asymptotic lines run to zero in one direction and grows without bound in the other; the distance between ultraparallel lines increases in both directions. The ultraparallel theorem states that there is a "unique" line in the hyperbolic plane that is perpendicular to each of a given pair of ultraparallel lines.

In Euclidean geometry, the "angle of parallelism" is a constant; that is, any distance formula_1 between parallel lines yields an angle of parallelism equal to 90°. In hyperbolic geometry, the angle of parallelism varies with the formula_2 function. This function, described by Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky, produces a unique angle of parallelism for each distance formula_3. As the distance gets shorter, formula_2 approaches 90°, whereas with increasing distance formula_2 approaches 0°. Thus, as distances get smaller, the hyperbolic plane behaves more and more like Euclidean geometry. Indeed, on small scales compared to formula_6, where formula_7 is the (constant) Gaussian curvature of the plane, an observer would have a hard time determining whether he is in the Euclidean or the hyperbolic plane.

For centuries, geometers tried to prove the parallel postulate. They failed, but their efforts gave birth to hyperbolic geometry. The theorems of Alhacen, Khayyam on quadrilaterals, were the first theorems on hyperbolic geometry. Their works on hyperbolic geometry had an influence on its development among later European geometers, including Witelo, Alfonso and John Wallis.

In the nineteenth century, hyperbolic geometry was explored by János Bolyai and Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky, after whom it sometimes is named. Lobachevsky published in 1830, while Bolyai independently discovered it and published in 1832. Karl Friedrich Gauss also studied hyperbolic geometry, describing in a 1824 letter to Taurinus that he had constructed it, but did not publish his work. In 1868, Eugenio Beltrami provided models of it, and used this to prove that hyperbolic geometry was consistent if Euclidean geometry was.

The term "hyperbolic geometry" was introduced by Felix Klein in 1871. For more history, see article on non-Euclidean geometry.

There are three models commonly used for hyperbolic geometry: the Klein model, the Poincaré disc model, and the Lorentz model, or hyperboloid model. These models define a real hyperbolic space which satisfies the axioms of a hyperbolic geometry. Despite the naming, the two disc models and the half-plane model were introduced as models of hyperbolic space by Beltrami, not by Poincaré or Klein.

M. C. Escher's famous prints "Circle Limit III" and "Circle Limit IV" illustrate the conformal disc model quite well. In both one can see the geodesics. (In "III" the white lines are not geodesics, but hypercycles, which run alongside them.) It is also possible to see quite plainly the negative curvature of the hyperbolic plane, through its effect on the sum of angles in triangles and squares.

In the Euclidean plane, their angles would sum to 450°; i.e., a circle and a quarter. From this we see that the sum of angles of a triangle in the hyperbolic plane must be smaller than 180°. Another visible property is exponential growth. In "Circle Limit IV", for example, one can see that the number of angels and demons within a distance of "n" from the center rises exponentially. The demons have equal hyperbolic area, so the area of a ball of radius "n" must rise exponentially in "n".

There are several ways to physically realize a hyperbolic plane (or approximation thereof). A particularly well-known paper model based on the pseudosphere is due to William Thurston. The art of crochet has been used to demonstrate hyperbolic planes with the first being made by Daina Taimina. In 2000, Keith Henderson demonstrated a quick-to-make paper model dubbed the "hyperbolic soccerball".



Parallel postulate

In geometry the parallel postulate is one of the axioms of Euclidean geometry. Sometimes it is also called Euclid's fifth postulate, because it is the fifth postulate in Euclid's Elements.

The postulate says that: 

"If you cut a line segment with two lines, and the two interior angles the lines form add up to less than 180°, then the two lines will eventually meet if you extend them long enough."

The field of geometry which follows all of Euclid's axioms is called Euclidean geometry. Geometries which do not follow all of Euclid's axioms are called non-Euclidean geometry.

Some mathematicians thought that Euclid's fifth postulate was much longer and more complicated than the other four postulates. 

Many of them thought that it could be proven from the other simpler axioms. Those who tried to do it included Omar Khayyám, and later Giovanni Gerolamo Saccheri, John Wallis, Lambert, and Legendre. Some mathematicians announced that they had proven the proposition from the simpler propositions, but they all turned out to be mistaken.

Another more recent proposition known as "Playfair's axiom" is similar to Euclid's fifth postulate. It says that:

"Given a straight line and a point not on this line, you can only draw one straight line through this point that will not meet the other straight line."

In fact, mathematicians found out that this axiom is not only similar to Euclid's fifth postulate, but has exactly the same implications. Mathematically, the two propositions are called 'equivalent' propositions. Today Playfair's axiom is used more often by mathematicians than Euclid's original parallel postulate.

Eventually some mathematicians tried to build new geometries without using the axiom. One kind of Non-Euclidean geometry is called elliptic geometry. In elliptic geometry the parallel postulate is replaced by an axiom that states that:

"Given a straight line and a point not on this line, you cannot draw a straight line through this point that will not eventually cross the other straight line."

Mathematicians found that when they replaced Euclid's fifth postulate with this axiom, they were still able to prove many of Euclid's other theorems. One way to imagine elliptic geometry is by thinking of the surface of a globe. On a globe, lines of longitude appear to be parallel at the equator, but they all meet at the poles. Late in the 19th century, elliptic geometry was shown to be consistent. This proved that Euclid's fifth postulate was not independent of the other postulates. After this, mathematicians mostly stopped trying to prove the fifth postulate from the other four postulates. Instead, many mathematicians began studying other geometries that do not follow Euclid's fifth postulate.

Another axiom mathematicians sometimes replace Euclid's fifth axiom with says that:

"Given a straight line and a point not on this line, you can draw at least two straight lines through this point that will not eventually cross the other straight line."

This is called "hyperbolic geometry".

Another geometry simply removes Euclid's fifth postulate and does not replace it with anything. This is called "neutral geometry" or "absolute geometry".

City of London School

The City of London School (CLS) is a private school for boys, aged 10 to 18, next to the River Thames in the City of London. It was established in 1442. It is the brother school of the City of London School for Girls (a girls' school within the City) and of the City of London Freemen's School (a day and boarding school in Surrey). Most boys enter the school at 11 and fewer enter at 10 and 13. There is a small intake at 16 into the sixth form.

Pedro Antonio de Alarcón

Pedro Antonio de Alarcón (10 March 1833 – 19 July 1891) was a Spanish writer. He was born in Guadix, near Granada. He was a 19th century novelist. He gained his first literary recognition with "A Witness' Diary of the African War (1859-1860)", a patriotic account of the campaign.

Bobby Moore

Robert Frederick Chelsea "Bobby" Moore (12 April 1941 – 24 February 1993) was an English former footballer. He was best known for playing for West Ham United and England national team. He was the captain of England when they won the World Cup in 1966. He played 108 games for England between 1962 and 1973. When he retired, this was a national record. Only Peter Shilton and David Beckham have since played more games for England. He is regarded as one of the greatest defenders of all time. He died of colorectal cancer in Wandsworth, London.

West Ham United

Eastern AA

England


Wat Tyler

Wat Tyler (4 January 1341 – 15 June 1381) was the leader of the English Peasant's Revolt of 1381. He died on 15 June 1381 at the meeting at Smithfield with the fourteen year old King Richard II. First, he was hit by William Walworth, mayor of London, and then one of the king's squires stabbed him in the stomach, killing him.

San Juan Province (Dominican Republic)

San Juan is a Dominican province, in the western part of the country. Its capital city is San Juan de la Maguana.

The province is named after its capital city, San Juan de la Maguana. San Juan is short for San Juan Bautista ("Saint John the Baptist").

Since colonial times, the territory was part of Azua province until the dictator, Rafael Trujillo, made this province in 1938 with the name Benefactor with the municipalities of Las Matas de Farfán y El Cercado. Bohechío was made a municipality in 1974, Vallejuelo in 1978 and Juan de Herrera in 1992.

In 1998, Matayaya became a municipal district; Pedro Corto in 2000; Sabaneta, Arroyo Cano and Yaque in 2004; Carrera de Yeguas, Sabana Alta, El Rosario, Hato del Padre, Guanito, La Jagua, Derrumbadero and Batista in 2005; Las Maguanas-Hato Nuevo, Las Charcas de María Nova, Jinova and Jorjillo in 2006; and Las Zanjas in 2007.

The San Juan province has Santiago Rodríguez and Santiago provinces to the north, Azua province (and a short part of La Vega) to the east, Baoruco province to the south and Elías Piña province to the west.

In (last national census), there were people living in the San Juan province, and 139,620 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 11th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 226,484 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Juan de la Maguana, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 71,494 inhabitants.

The San Juan province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 1st (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, San Juan de la Maguana, is above sea level.

The "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain chain") is in the northern part of the province, and the "Sierra de Neiba" runs across the southern half. The area between those two mountain ranges is the San Juan valley, which the Taínos call "Maguana", meaning "small valley".

The highest mountain in the province is "Pico Duarte", with 3,087 m. It is the highest mountain in the West Indies and is on the border with Santiago province.

The main rivers of the province are the San Juan and Yaque del Sur rivers.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler in the mountains.

There are 6 municipalities and 17 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity of the province is farming; the main products are rice, maize, peanut, sorghum and beans.

San Luis Rey River

The San Luis Rey River is a river in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. It begins in the Cleveland National Forest, near a mountain called Palomar Mountain, in several forks. It flows south into a reservoir, called "Lake Henshaw". It then turns west and flows to its mouth at the Pacific Ocean. Altogether, it is about long. Its watershed covers an area of 562 square miles. The lower part of the river is polluted, but the water in the upper part of the river can be used for drinking water.


Forth Rail Bridge

The Forth Rail Bridge is more correctly called the Forth Bridge, but the title is to distinguish it from the nearby Forth Road Bridge). It is a railway bridge across the Firth of Forth (part of the River Forth) in Scotland.

The bridge is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Built in 1890, it is a cantilever bridge design, with three major sections, each about long, connecting to each other. The bridge is long, and is above the water. It carries about 190-200 trains every day.

More than 55,000 tons of steel were used, as well as 18,122 m³ of granite and over eight million rivets. The bridge has a speed limit of 50 mph (80 km/h) for passenger trains and 20 mph (32 km/h) for freight trains. The weight limit for any train on the bridge is 1,422 tonnes (1,442,000 kg). Approximately 4,600 workers were employed in construction of the bridge.



New River

The New River is a north-flowing river that flows from Mexico into southern California.
The New River flows north 15 miles (25 km) through Mexico and another 66 miles (100 km) through California into the Salton Sea, the largest lake in California. It is one of the most polluted rivers in the United States.

Gravitational wave

Gravitational waves are ripples in spacetime which are created whenever objects with mass move. They were predicted by Albert Einstein in 1916 on the basis of his theory of general relativity. They were first directly detected on 14 September 2015.

To make gravity waves strong enough to be detected, something very massive must accelerate very fast. Sources of detectable gravitational waves include binary star systems composed of white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes. 

In physics, gravitational waves are ripples in the curvature of spacetime that travel outward from the source. Albert Einstein predicted them in 1916 on the basis of his theory of general relativity. In theory, gravitational waves transport energy as gravitational radiation. 

In general relativity, gravitational waves cannot travel faster than the speed of light. They do not exist in the Newtonian theory of gravitation, in which physical interactions propagate at infinite speed. However, the detection of gravitational waves proves the last prediction of Einstein’s general theory of relativity.

In 1993, the Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded for measurements of the Hulse-Taylor binary star system that suggests gravitational waves are more than mathematical anomalies.

Gravitational waves have been detected from the collision and merging of two neutron stars. The first detection was on 17 August 2017 by a team in Pasadena, California.

The project is run by the LIGO Laboratory at Caltech. The detector is in the huge Livingston woodland in Louisiana. The detector is two two and a half mile (~4 km) long completely straight pipelines at right angles. Inside each pipe is a laser which measures any change in length. Once the gravity wave event was detected, telescopes searched for visual images of the cause. The VISTA telescope in Chile got the image.

The merging happened in a galaxy called NGC 4993. This is about 40 mega parsecs or 130 mega light years away in the direction of the Constellation Hydra. By comparison, the nearby Andromeda Galaxy is only 2.5 million light years from Earth.

Such events, as well as supernovas, are the sources of heavier elements such as gold and platinum.

Silver Street railway station

Silver Street is a railway station in Sterling Way, Edmonton in North London, close to Fore Street.

The next station away from London is Edmonton Green and the next towards London is White Hart Lane. Trains terminate at Liverpool Street station in the City of London.

Rock dove

The rock dove ("Columba livia", also occasionally known as rock pigeon, common pigeon or just the Pigeon) is a member of the bird family Columbidae. Rock doves are now rare in the wild, only found on remote islands and rocky cliffs in the far west and south of Europe east to central Asia. Domesticated birds which have become feral, most often called feral pigeons or simply pigeons, can however be found in cities, towns and villages all over the world, picking up dropped food in streets and parks, and begging food from people. Domesticated pigeons are also kept as poultry for food, and as homing pigeons, for the sport of pigeon racing.

The wild rock dove is very distinct, with a light grey back and body with two black stripes on its wings, and a dark blue-grey head with shiny feathers on the side of the neck which reflect green and purple light. Domesticated birds are much more variable, with a wide range of colours, including white, pink, and brown not seen in wild birds.

Rock doves have been domesticated for several thousand years, giving rise to the domestic pigeon ("Columba livia domestica"). They have been domesticated as long as 5,000 years ago. There are many breeds of pigeons, with many sizes and colours. Domesticated pigeons are used as homing pigeons as well as food and pets. They were in the past also used as carrier pigeons.

Many domestic birds have got lost, escaped or been released over the years and have been made feral pigeons. These show a variety of colour and size, but many have the same pattern as does the rock dove. Feral pigeons are found in cities and towns all over the world. The rareness of the wild species is somewhat due to breeding with feral birds.

Twelfth Night

Twelfth Night, Or What You Will is a play written by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy.

Orsino, the Duke of lllyria, is in love with the Countess Olivia. She has not dated any men for seven years because of the death of her brother, so she turns him down. Meanwhile, Viola was shipwrecked in Illyria but she has been rescued by a captain. She has lost her twin brother, Sebastian. She dresses herself as a boy and uses the name Cesario, so she can get work as a page for Orsino. As Orsino's page, Viola is sent to Olivia with love letters. Viola finds out, to her dismay, that Olivia has fallen for her (as a boy) rather than Duke Orsino. Also, Viola has already fallen in love with the Duke.

Sebastian (Viola's twin, thought to be dead) comes ashore in Illyria. He thinks Viola has drowned in the shipwreck. A man named Antonio has rescued him from the surf; at some risk to himself, because Antonio fought against the Duke at one time. Meanwhile, in Olivia's house, Sir Toby Belch (her cousin) has tricked Sir Andrew Aguecheek into supporting him, by convincing him that he could be a suitor for Olivia. So with the help of Maria, Olivia's maid, and Feste, a clown, Belch plots to make a fool of the steward. Maria writes a love letter to Malvolio that will make him think Olivia has fallen for him. Malvolio falls for the joke and dresses crazily as the letter says to. Not knowing it is a joke, the Countess is horrified and has Malvolio locked away as a madman. 

Belch tries to get Sir Andrew to fight a duel with Viola's "Cesario" character as she leaves but Olivia has a crush on Cesario. Viola and Sir Andrew prepare for a duel that neither one wants. Antonio intervenes to defend Cesario, because he thinks he is his friend Sebastian, and is arrested for piracy against Orsino. Olivia has become engaged to Sebastian. Viola still does not recognize Antonio. Later, Belch and Sir Andrew talk to Sebastian, who does not back down from Aguecheek when challenged and beats him in the duel. Meanwhile, Olivia has met and become engaged to Sebastian.

Antonio is brought before the Duke for questioning, and Viola tells all about the duel. Antonio tells everyone how he dragged "this man" from the surf, saving his life. Then Olivia comes in, searching for her new husband, which she thinks is Viola. Adding to this confusion, Belch and Aguecheek enter claiming that Viola/Cesario has violently assaulted them. In the midst of Viola's denials, Sebastian shows up. The brother and sister recognize one another and are reunited. Sebastian helps to explain the confusion over who fought and married who. 

In the end, Orsino and Viola are in love. Olivia and Sebastian are happily wed, and Olivia fusses at Belch and Maria for their abuse of Malvolio, who vows to get even. Belch agrees to wed Maria to make up for getting her in trouble. Everyone, except unhappy Malvolio, lives happily ever after. Orsino welcomes Olivia and Sebastian and he now realises he is attracted to Cesario. He promises to marry her as soon as she is dressed as a woman again.

Hinckley

Hinckley is a town in the Leicestershire.

Quokka

The quokka ("Setonix brachyurus") is a small marsupial about the size of a large cat. Like other animals in the macropod family, such as kangaroos and wallabies, the quokka eats grass and small plants, and is mainly nocturnal. It lives on some small islands off the coast of Western Australia, mainly on Rottnest Island near Perth, and Bald Island near Albany. A small number live on the main land in the protected area of Two Peoples Bay, which they share with Gilbert's Potoroo. The quokka is the only member of the genus "Setonix".

The quokka weighs between and . It is around long with a tail. This is short for a macropod. It has a solid build, rounded ears, and a short, broad head. It looks like a very small, fat kangaroo, but it can climb small trees and shrubs. It has rough fur which is a brown colour, fading to pale brown underneath. The quokka eats a small amount of its waste products.
It is about the size of a domestic cat.

The quokka is a social animal and lives in large groups. They eat grass, sedges, succulents and leaves. They can become very sick if fed with things like bread, given to them by visitors to Rottnest Island. Visitors are now told not to feed them. Quokkas breed at any time on the mainland, but in late summer on Rottnest. The female quokka has two babies (called "joeys") in a year.

The quokka moves in the same way as a kangaroo, using both small and large hops.

Quokkas are not scared of people, so you are able to get quite close to them, particularly on Rottnest Island. It is against the law on Rottnest Island to handle or touch the animals in any way. A A$100 fine can be given by the Rottnest Island Authority for picking up a quokka. People can even be taken to court and get a fine of up to $1000. These fines have been used in some unusual cases where quokka have been hurt or killed by visitors to Rottnest.

There are a lot of quokkas living on the small offshore islands, because this is only a small area they are listed as vulnerable. On the mainland, they are attacked by dingoes, as well as introduced animals like foxes, dogs and cats. They also need thick ground cover for shelter. Farming has cleared much of the land which is another reason the species is threatened.

The quokka was one of the first Australian mammals seen by Europens. The Dutch sailor, Samuel Volckertzoon wrote about seeing a "a wild cat" on Rottnest Island in 1658. In 1696, Willem de Vlamingh thought they were rats and named the island "Rottenest", Dutch for "rat nest".

The word "quokka" is comes from a Nyungar word, which was probably "gwaga".

Salzburgerland

Salzburgerland or Salzburg (; ; literally "Salt Fortress"; ), officially "Land Salzburg", (German: "Land Salzburg", "Laund Soizbuerg") is one of the states of Austria. It has and about 546,000 inhabitants (2016). Its capital city is Salzburg.

The last results were:


Total 36 seats.

In the Modern Era Salzburg was an independent state.

Austrian German is the main written language. Austro-Bavarian language is also spoken, especially in the rural areas.

Salzburger Land has six districts, ("Bezirke" or "Gaue"):


Settlements in Salzburgerland with town privileges:



A Mathematician's Apology

A Mathematician's Apology is a book about mathematics which was written in 1940.

It was written by a British mathematician called G. H. Hardy (1877—1947). He used the essay to try to justify spending his life working on mathematics. It is said he wrote it for two reasons:


White Hart Lane railway station

White Hart Lane station in Tottenham, (London) was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway. The station opened on 22 July 1872. It is now operated by London Overground. It is in London Travelcard Zone 3. It is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines.

It is close to the football ground belonging to Tottenham Hotspur F.C..

Bruce Grove railway station

Bruce Grove railway station in Tottenham was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway. It opened on 22 July 1872 .

It is not far from Bruce Castle.

Clapham Junction (disambiguation)

Clapham Junction may mean:

Public transport in Enfield

Public transport in the London Borough of Enfield, which is northeast of the centre of London, is a mix of National Rail, London Underground and London Buses services. The group that is responsible for transport here is Transport for London. The local authority is Enfield London Borough Council. 

The following railway stations are in the borough of Enfield.

List of London railway stations

This list, by their present names, of heavy rail passenger stations in the Greater London region excludes stations served only by the London Underground, Tramlink and Docklands Light Railway systems.

Other station lists for the area (whose limits are a matter of debate, see this article's Talk) are:
For simplicity only major place names and lines are given, to help locate the stations. A line listed may neither serve passengers nor access platforms. Two lines are given for a station only if they do not connect and are not essentially collinear. Each station's linked article gives more detailed information, including services.

Repeated links (overlinkage) in this, a list, allows finding linked articles and expanding abbreviations without scrolling searches.

For compactness some abbreviations (e.g. N, S, E, W, M(ain)) are used. Roll over or click to see the full name.

Official names by this site for Blackfriars, Waterloo East and eleven absolute termini (which means "route ends") (not Moorgate) all start with "London". The thirteen are prefixed with asterisks in the list. Programs such as Travel planners require the "London" inconsistently. Queenstown Road is labelled "Queenstown Road (Battersea)" on maps and timetables, though its name is unique within London.



Seven Sisters station

Seven Sisters station is a London Overground and London Underground Victoria Line station in the Seven Sisters area of the London Borough of Haringey, north London. The station is in Travelcard Zone 3.
Seven Sisters lies between Finsbury Park and Tottenham Hale on the Victoria Line and between Stamford Hill and Bruce Grove on the London Overground from Liverpool Street Station. It is a short walk from South Tottenham station on London Overground.

London buses routes 73, 76, 149, 243, 259, 279, 318, 349 and 476 serve the station.


Paw

A paw is the soft foot of a mammal that has claws or nails. A hard foot is called a hoof. Paws are used to pad feet for walking and reduce friction.


Xenu

Scientology teaches that Xenu (pronounced (ZEE-noo)) was the dictator of a galactic confederacy of 76 planets, who was captured and imprisoned on Earth 75 million years ago after bringing billions of his people to Earth, placing them around volcanoes and killing them by using hydrogen bombs. Scientologists believe he is still being kept there these days. Xenu is very important to the beliefs of Scientology because the story of Xenu explains the believed origin of what are known as body thetans from humans. Body thetans are believed to be the essence of Xenu's people that gather around humans and cause them spiritual harm. It is the purpose of auditing within Scientology to remove these thetans from the Scientologist.

The existence of Xenu has been reported by L. Ron Hubbard's writings and by Scientology spokesman Tommy Davis in an interview ABC affiliate KESQ-TV.



Charlotte, Princess Royal

The Princess Charlotte, Princess Royal (Charlotte Augusta Matilda; later Queen Charlotte of Württemberg; 29 September 1766 – 5 October 1828) was the fourth child and oldest daughter of George III of the United Kingdom.She married Frederick of Württemberg on 27 May 1798. Charlotte was the godmother of Victoria of the United Kingdom. She died in 1828.


William IX, Count of Poitiers

William IX (17 August 1153 - April/December 1156) was the eldest son of Henry II of England. He was heir to the throne from his birth to his death in 1156.

Henry the Young King

Henry the Young King (28 February 1155 – near Limoges, France, 11 June 1183) was the junior king to his father Henry II of England. He was crowned king in 1170, but never actually used the power. The meaning of this is that Henry II's territory covered much of northern France as well as England and Ireland. The idea may have been to have an official deputy for legal actions when Henry was in France, and to indicate the succession to the throne. In practice, Young Henry was not interested in government. According to his tutor, William Marshal, he spent his time in France going from one knights' tournament to another.

The boy was married as a child to Marguerite of France (1158–1197), daughter of the French King Louis VII. The intention was political, but it did not work. War came between Henry II and Louis. Henry joined in rebellions directed at his father. A civil war (1173/74) occurred in which Young Henry and his mother, with Scots and French support, fought against Henry II. The king won, just. Young Henry died ten years later, of dysentery. As he died before his father he never achieved power.


Marguerite of France

Marguerite of France was the wife of Henry the Young King. They had one son William b/d 1177. She died in 1197.

Rod cell

Rod cells are one of two types of photoreceptor cells that can be found in the retina of the eyes of humans and other mammals. Rod cells are very sensitive to light. They allow night vision. They are concentrated at the edge of the retina, where they also allow peripheral vision. Scientists in 1992 counted an average of 60 million rod cells per human retina. They counted only 3 million cone cells, the other kind of receptor, which are bigger and perceive color.

Photoreceptor cell

A photoreceptor cell is a specialized nerve cell that is sensitive to certain wavelengths of light. 

Three Gorges Dam

The Three Gorges Dam () is a dam in the Three Gorges region on the Yangtze River in Sandouping, in the country of China. Being one of the largest dams in the world, it also generates the biggest amount of hydroelectric power (22,250 megawatts), pushing the massive Itaipu Dam in Brazil from first place to second place. 

The Three Gorges Dam project was completed on July 4, 2012. The dam was built for flood control, irrigation, and electricity. However, this has not come without problems. The dam covers a lot of historic sites and has caused 1.24 million people to lose their homes under the rising water. The dam forms the Three Gorges Reservoir, which extends nearly upstream to the city of Chongqing.

The dam was proposed by Sun Yat-sen, a Chinese political leader, in 1919. The site was surveyed in 1932 and 1939, by the Chinese and Japanese respectively. The Japanese drew up a plan (the Otani plan) for the dam, only to realize later that China would remain under Chinese control. Later, in 1944, the United States helped make plans for the dam, but all work on the dam stopped in 1947, because of the Chinese Civil War. In 1949, work resumed, but the work was slow because of problems in the economy. Later in 1958, some engineers who were against the dam were put in jail.

In 1980, work on the dam continued faster. The National People's Congress voted in 1992 for the dam. The dam was accepted by the government, and on December 14, 1994, construction began. In 2009, the dam began to make hydroelectricity. Some new plans, such as a set of 6 new power generators under construction, became operational in the year 2011. The reservoir filled to capacity at the end of 2008.

The Three Gorges Dam consists of a main dam wall, and a section on the right with a set of five locks, which are devices used to raise boats and ships. 

The dam cost $180 billion Chinese Yuan Renminbi (about $30 billion USD). While this cost seems huge, it actually was $20 billion yuan (about $3.3 billion USD) less than the original budget of $203.9 billion yuan (about $34 billion USD). However, this cost will be recovered when the dam makes money by making electricity. In about 10 years, the complete cost of the dam will be recovered.

One of the big reasons the dam was built to control floods. It protects large cities like Wuhan, Nanjing, and Shanghai, which are very close to the river. Lots of farms, small villages and towns, and factories are also located near the river. In the event of a flood, there are 22 cubic kilometers (18 million acre feet) of space behind the dam to hold back the flood waters. The flood waters are stored behind the dam for future use. In the dry season, the water is released down the river, and the reservoir level drops to prepare for the next flood. However, the dam does not protect the lower river tributaries from flooding.

Another reason the dam was built was for water navigation, or the transport of people and goods by ship. There are two sets of locks each of which has five stages. Each lock is long, wide, and deep, which is similar in size to the original locks of the Panama Canal, one of the biggest canals in the world. The reservoir behind the dam floods dangerous sections of the river, so boats and ships can go safely and easily. There is also a "ship lift" (an elevator for ships) that can lift ships that weigh up to 3,000 tons.

The Three Gorges Dam generates 22,250 megawatts, which makes it the biggest single hydroelectric power source in the world. It has 34 electricity generators, and 32 are main generators. Each generator is powered by water that comes from the reservoir. Each of these 32 generators makes about 700 megawatts of electricity. (This is more electricity than the entire electricity generation of Glen Canyon Dam, one of the biggest dams in the United States.) The other two generators will make power for the dam itself. These two generators each make 50 megawatts.

Of the 32 main generators, 14 generators are on the north side of the dam. 12 are on the south side of the dam. 6 are in a separate powerhouse under a mountain just south of the dam. The generating capacity of the dam is 10,000 MWh (megawatt-hours), or the amount of megawatts generated per hour. Each main generator weighs a massive 6000 tons (about the same weight as three thousand cars). The water drops from the reservoir to the generator, which uses a type of turbine called a "Francis turbine". Each turbine is wide and tall. The amount of water that goes into the turbine can be from 1,968 cubic feet (600 m) to 3,116 cubic feet (950 m) per second. The turbines turn at a speed of 75 RPM (rotations per minute). The efficiency of the generators is from 94 to 96.5 percent.

The 14 main generators on the north side were installed from 2003 to 2005. The first one to begin making electricity (Generator No.2) started on July 10, 2003. The last one (Generator No.9) started on September 7, 2005. The full power (9,800 megawatts) of the north side generators was first tested on October 18, 2006, when the reservoir had risen to above sea level. The 12 main generators on the south side were installed from 2007 to 2008. The first one to begin making electricity (Generator No.22) started on June 11, 2007. The last one (Generator No.23) started on August 19, 2008.

From its completion to March 2009, the Three Gorges Dam has generated about 296,550,000 MWh (Megawatt-hours) of electricity. 

Three power lines send electricity away from the dam, to three electricity grids called the East, Central, and South China grids.
The dam provides about 3% of China's electricity. However, the dam was originally planned to supply 10% of China's electricity. The reason for the decrease is, China's energy use grew much faster than the designers expected.

Because of reducing electricity needs on fossil fuels like coal and oil, the Three Gorges Dam has saved 31 million tons of coal per year, and prevented:

The dam has also benefited transportation on the river. Because of the locks (devices used to lift ships) installed on the dam, the benefits are:

In response to the dam, many sewage pipes that once dumped sewage straight into the Yangtze River now have to be treated. Over 65 percent of this waste water is now treated before flowing into the reservoir. There are now about 50 water treatment facilities in the area. Also, solid waste is now collected in 32 landfills. They can handle 7,664.5 tons of waste every day.

The dam also persuaded the government of China to think seriously about the pollution in the Yangtze River and the rest of China.

A total of 1.24 million people had to move to different places because their homes were flooded by the dam. This number is about 1.5% of the total population of Hubei Province (60.3 million) and Chongqing City (31.44 million) where the reservoir is located. 140,000 from Hubei Province alone. 
On July 22, 2008, most of the people were safely relocated. 4 million more people will ultimately have to move to Chongqing from their homes near the Three Gorges Dam. 
A large amount of animal habitat has also been destroyed. Many animals with critically low populations have lost their vital habitat. These include the endangered Siberian Crane, the Yangtze river dolphin (baiji), and Yangtze sturgeon. About one billion tons of dirty water flow into the Yangtze River each year. The dam has stopped this dirty water from being washed away to Shanghai, and led to serious pollution problems.
About 1,300 historical sites have been flooded by the Three Gorges reservoir. Many of these historic sites have been moved to safer places. Some historic sites cannot be moved because of their location, size, or design.

The Three Gorges Dam will become much less spectacular, because the water level will rise up to in places, reducing the depth of the canyons. 

A lot of silt (sediment) that is carried by the river has been trapped in the reservoir. Eventually, if the dam is not removed, the reservoir will fill with silt, making it useless. Also, because the river's silt doesn't go downstream anymore, the city of Shanghai will suffer because there has been no silt to replace land that is washed away at the river's mouth. In a high-silt content river like the Yangtze, sediment can clog the dam's outlets, and it cannot release water. The water would back up behind the dam and have nowhere to go, and would eventually go over the dam, making it collapse.

The dam is also a possible target in war, weakening China's national security. It is also possible that the dam sits on a seismic fault.

The Gezhouba Dam (Gezhouba Water Control Project, Chinese: 长江葛洲坝水利枢纽工程) is an afterbay (smaller dam in front) of the Three Gorges Dam. It forms a pool that extends upstream to the base of the Three Gorges Dam, improving navigation. The dam was built from December 30, 1970 to December 10, 1988. The dam is long and up to tall. It generates 2,710 megawatts of electricity. There are three ship locks at the dam. Lock No.2, which is long, wide, and deep, is among the 100 largest in the world.

A series of other dams are also planned upstream, on the Yangtze and Jinsha rivers. About four dams are planned on the stretch of the Yangtze River, and they will produce 38,500 megawatts in total. Eight dams are planned on the Jinsha River, and eight more upstream of it, and one original plan called for a dam in the Tiger Leaping Gorge, one of the deepest river canyons in the world. This plan was, however, scrapped in December 21, 2007, because of the gorge's status as a World Heritage site.

Ericaceae

Ericaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Ericales. Plants of this family grow both in Northern Hemisphere and Southern Hemisphere. The common English name of Ericaceae is the "heath family".
Many plants of Ericaceae are shrubs, but there are also trees and herbs.

There are about 120 genera and about 4000 species in this family.

Many plants of Ericaceae are evergreen plants with small flowers in the shape of bells or tube. The color of flowers may be white, pink, red, violet, rarely yellow. It may be interest plants for gardens.

Fruits of some species are edible.

Some plants of Ericaceae have a poison in all their parts.
The genus "Epacris" was treated in a separate family, Epacridaceae, but "Epacris" is now in this family.



Alternation of generations

The term alternation of generations is used to describe an alternation of forms in the life cycle of plants (and some protists). 

One form is diploid, with 2"n" chromosomes: the sporophyte. The other form is haploid with only one set of chromosomes: the gametophyte. Both forms are multicellular.

In sexual reproduction, organisms have a haploid phase with one set of chromosomes and a diploid phase with two sets of chromosomes. In animals the body (soma) is usually diploid, while the haploid stage is only the gametes. 

In eukaryotes an alternation of generations may occur. This means that both the diploid and the haploid phases are multi-cellular organisms. The classic example is the mosses, where the green plant is a haploid gametophyte, and the reproductive phase is the diploid sporophyte. The two forms often occur "together", as shown in the illustration on the right
The term "alternation of generations" refers only to the sexual cycle: organisms may have asexual reproduction as well. The term should not be confused with life cycle stages in animals, which may "look" very different, but where all cells have two sets of chromosomes.

The alternation of generations is an important concept in the evolution of plants. All land plants have alternation of generations.

In mosses and their relatives (Bryophytes), the haploid gametophyte is the dominant generation, and the diploid sporophytes are sporangium-bearing stalks growing from the gametophytes. In ferns, the diploid sporophyte is much larger, and the haploid gametophyte is a little plant that can grow for a long time.

For flowering plants ("Angiosperms"), the sporophyte generation is almost the whole life cycle (the green plant, roots etc.) except the small reproductive structures (pollen and ovule).

The sporophyte produces spores (hence the name), by meiosis. These develop into a gametophyte. Both the spores and the resulting gametophyte are haploid, meaning they have half as many chromosomes. Later, the mature gametophyte produces male or female gametes (or both) by mitosis. The fusion of male and female gametes (fertilization) produces a diploid zygote which develops into a new sporophyte. This is the cycle which is known as alternation of generations or alternation of phases.

In the landmark work "Variation and evolution in plants", Stebbins discussed how alternation of generations related to the overall evolution of plants. He began:

Later Stebbins comments:
The point is that, in diploids, new alleles are sheltered and (collectively) they are a reservoir of potential variation in the population.

Most algae have dominant gametophyte generations, but in some species the gametophytes and sporophytes are morphologically similar (isomorphic).

Bryophytes (mosses, liverworts and hornworts) have a dominant gametophyte stage on which the adult sporophyte is dependent on the gametophyte for nutrition. The sporophyte develops from the zygote inside the female sex organ, so its early development is nurtured by the gametophyte.

An independent sporophyte is the dominant form in all clubmosses, horsetails, ferns, gymnosperms, and angiosperms (flowering plants) that have survived to the present day.

Early land plants had sporophytes that produced identical spores: they looked the same whichever sex they developed into. The ancestors of the gymnosperms evolved complex heterosporous life cycles: the spores producing male and female gametophytes were of different sizes. The female "megaspores" tending to be larger, and fewer in number, than the male "microspores".

During the Devonian, several plant groups independently evolved "heterospory" and later "endospory", in which single megaspores were kept inside the sporangia of the parent sporophyte. These endosporic megaspores had a miniature multicellular female gametophyte with female sex organs and egg cells. The ova were fertilised by free-swimming sperm produced by windborne miniaturised male gametophytes in the form of pre-pollen.

The resulting zygote developed into the next sporophyte generation while still inside the single large female megaspore in the sporangium of the parent sporophyte. The evolution of heterospory and endospory was among the earliest steps in the evolution of seeds of the kind produced by gymnosperms and angiosperms.

Some Chromalveolata, some fungi and some slime moulds have what seems to be genuine alternation of generations. These groups include such a wide range of different types that it is difficult to say how common the phenomenon is. Certainly slime moulds are not a monophyletic group, and that may be true of the other two groups,

Alternation of generations between a multicellular diploid and a multicellular haploid generation does not exist in animals.

In some animals, there is a life cycle with different diploid stages. This has sometimes mistakenly been called "alternation of generations", but is quite different from what happens in plants and some protists. The most common case is that there are two distinct generations, where only one has sexual reproduction. Animals where it has been found include the Cnidaria and the Tunicates. The images on the right show the case of jellyfish: The medusa looks different from the polyp; they are different phenotypes. Only the medusa reproduces sexually.

Other animals with life cycle forms include parasites such as certain flukes, which live in different snails for one part of their life, and in vertebrates for another part.

In some cases, the cycle includes more than two generations. If this is the case, only one stage uses sexual reproduction. In aphids, for example, there is one generation that reproduces sexually, and up to forty that use parthenogenesis, a type of asexual reproduction.

John of Gaunt

John of Gaunt (John Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Aquitaine, 6 March 1340 – 3 February 1399) was a member of the House of Plantagenet, who ruled England for over 300 years. Gaunt was the third surviving son of Edward III and Philippa of Hainault. He was the father of Henry IV.

Gaunt was a younger brother of Edward, the Black Prince. He had great influence over the English throne during the childhood of his nephew, Richard II, and during the ensuing periods of political strife. He is not thought to have been an opponent of the king.

John of Gaunt's legitimate male heirs, the Lancasters, included Kings Henry IV, Henry V, and Henry VI. His other legitimate children included, by his first wife Blanche, his daughters Philippa of Portugal and Elizabeth, Duchess of Exeter; and by his second wife Constance, his daughter Queen Catherine of Castile.

John fathered five children outside marriage, one early in life by a lady-in-waiting to his mother, and four by Katherine Swynford, Gaunt's long-term mistress and third wife. These were surnamed Beaufort (after a former French possession of the Duke). The Beaufort children, three sons and a daughter, were legitimised by royal and papal decrees after John and Katherine married in 1396. Their half-brother Henry IV added a later proviso that they were barred from inheriting the throne.

Descendants of this marriage included Henry Beaufort, Bishop of Winchester and eventually cardinal; Joan Beaufort, Countess of Westmorland, grandmother of Kings Edward IV and Richard III; John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset, the great-grandfather of King Henry VII; and Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scots, from whom are descended, beginning in 1437, all subsequent sovereigns of Scotland, and successively, from 1603 on, the sovereigns of England, of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the United Kingdom to the present day. The three succeeding houses of English sovereigns from 1399 — the Houses of Lancaster, York and Tudor — were descended from John through Henry Bolingbroke, Joan Beaufort and John Beaufort, respectively.

Lancaster's eldest son and heir, Henry Bolingbroke, Duke of Hereford, was exiled for ten years by King Richard II in 1398 as resolution to a dispute between Hereford and Thomas de Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk.

When John of Gaunt died in 1399, his estates and titles were declared forfeit to the crown as King Richard II named Hereford a traitor and commuted his sentence to exile for life. Henry Bolingbroke returned from exile to reclaim his inheritance and depose Richard. Bolingbroke then reigned as King Henry IV of England (1399–1413), the first of the descendants of John of Gaunt to hold the throne of England.

Due to some generous land grants, John was not only one of the richest men in his era, but also one of the wealthiest men to have ever lived. Taking into account inflation rates, John was worth a modern equivalent of $110 billion, making him the sixteenth richest man in history.

Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York

Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York (5 June 1341 – 1 August 1402) was a younger son of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault. He was an ancestor of the House of York. He died in 1402.

Guinea (coin)

A guinea is a coin that was minted in the Kingdom of England between 1663 and 1813. It is not used any more. The gold used to mint the first guineas was mined in the region of the same name in Africa.

Although guinea coins had not been made for a long time, prices often continued to be shown in guineas until British prices became decimal in 1971. A guinea was worth £1,1s (one pound and one shilling). This is the same as £1.05 in modern money.

Because a guinea was close to a pound, putting prices in guineas made the price seem less. A price of 39 guineas might look like "about £39". In fact it is nearly £41. Prices in guineas were traditionally used for luxury goods before decimalisation. Savile Row tailors, bespoke boot makers, fine jewellers, and expensive motorcars were always priced in guineas.

Guineas are still used as the currency in the United Kingdom in the purchasing of Cows and horses at bloodstock sales, such as foals,etc.

Muntjac

A muntjac is any small deer that genus "Muntiacus". 
Muntjacs may be the oldest known deer, appearing 15-35 million years ago, with remains found in Miocene deposits in France and Germany.

This genus is native to Southeast Asia and can be found in India and Sri Lanka to southern China, Taiwan, Japan and Indonesian islands.

Two species were originally recognised: the barking deer is "Muntiacus vaginalis" and Reeves's muntjac is "Muntiacus reevesi". More recently, ten more species have been recognised, all from Asia.

Chorale

A chorale (pronounce: "Ko-RAHL") is a hymn which is sung in a Lutheran church by all the people. Chorales developed during the late Renaissance and early Baroque period. Most of them were written at that time.

Martin Luther thought that the congregation (people worshipping in church) should have music to sing that was not too difficult. He thought that the words should be in German instead of Latin so that everybody would understand what they were singing about. Luther wrote the words of many chorales himself. He even composed some of melodies himself, such as "Ein' feste Burg" ("A Mighty Fortress"). Sometimes he used the traditional Gregorian Chant melodies from the Catholic worship and added new German words to it, for example "Christ lag in Todesbanden" ("Christ lay in Death's Dark Bonds").

The words of a chorale have a rhyming pattern. Most of the melodies have an AAB shape (the melody of the first part sung twice, then the second part). This shape is called "Bar form" in German.

Johann Sebastian Bach used many chorale tunes, usually adding harmony of his own. He used these in his cantatas. Many of these chorales in four-part harmonies are sung as hymns today in German Protestant churches, and some of the tunes are used in English-speaking countries as well.

Chorale tunes also appear in chorale preludes, pieces for the organ. These would usually have been played during the church services before the chorale was sung.
Chorales were used by many later composers in their compositions, e.g. Felix Mendelssohn, Anton Bruckner and Max Reger.


Heathers

Heathers is a 1989 American black comedy teen movie starring Winona Ryder, Christian Slater, and Shannen Doherty. The movie is about a group of four girls in a high school in Sherwood, Ohio. The girls, three of whom are named Heather, rule the school as they are the prettiest and most popular girls in town.

"Heathers" won awards for its director Michael Lehmann and producer Denise Di Novi the 1990 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature. Daniel Waters also won an award for his screenplay, which won a 1990 Edgar Award. The movie was a U.S. box office failure, but has since become a cult classic, as is shown by its high sales and rentals on DVD and VHS. In 2006, it was ranked #5 on "Entertainment Weekly's" list of the "50 Best High School Movies".

In 2014, Laurence O’Keefe and Kevin Murphy made a musical called that was based on the movie. 

In 2018, Paramount Pictures made a tv show called Heathers based on the original movie. 


Mariano Pernía

Mariano Andrés Pernía Molina (born 4 May 1977) is an Argentine-Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back and current race car driver.

After retiring from football, like his father and brother Leonel, Mariano began to compete in motorsports. He has competed mainly in Turismo Nacional but also in TC2000 and Super TC2000.

After retiring from football, like his father and brother Leonel, Mariano began to compete in motorsports. He has competed mainly in Turismo Nacional but also in TC2000 and Super TC2000.

46||2||colspan="2"|-||0||0||46||2
211||17||10||1||14||1||235||19
257||19||10||1||14||1||281||21

!Total||11||1

Carlos Marchena

Carlos Marchena (born 31 July 1979) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Valencia and Spain national team.

273||7
20||2
293||9

!Total||69||2

David Albelda

David Albelda (born 1 September 1977) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Valencia.

336||7||13||0||74||2||423||9
336||7||13||0||74||2||423||9

!Total||51||0

Xavi

Xavier Hernández Creus (born 25 January 1980), known as Xavi, is a Spanish manager and former footballer. He is currently the manager of FC Barcelona in La Liga. After completing his career, Xavi switched to coaching, and in May 2019 he was appointed head coach of the Qatari club Al-Sadd. In November 2021, Xavi was appointed coach of his former club Barcelona.

Xavi was known as one of the best midfielders of the world and as one of the best Spanish players of all time.

!Total||82||8

José Antonio Reyes

José Antonio Reyes Calderón (1 September 1983 – 1 June 2019) was a Spanish professional footballer. He played mainly as a left winger but also as a forward.

On 1 June 2019, Reyes was killed in a car crash in Utrera, Spain at the age of 35.

116||28||11||3||4||1||131||32
69||16||17||5||24||2||110||23
24||4||1||0||5||1||30||5
209||48||29||8||33||4||271||60

!Total||21||4

Antonio López Guerrero

Antonio López Guerrero (born 13 September 1981) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid.

237||11
237||11

!Total||16||1

Andrés Iniesta

Andrés Iniesta (born 11 May 1984) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Barcelona and the Spanish national team. He is known for scoring the 2010 FIFA World Cup winning goal against the Netherlands in the 116th minute of extra time. He is regarded as one of the greatest midfielder of all time.

337||33||55||6||101||10||495||49
337||33||55||6||101||10||495||49

!Total||102||12

Sergio Ramos

Sergio Ramos García (; born 30 March 1986) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Paris Saint-Germain and the Spain national team.


Notes

Juan Gutiérrez Moreno

Juan Gutiérrez Moreno (born 23 July 1976) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid.

291||20
291||20

!Total||25||3

David Villa

David Villa Sánchez (born 3 December 1981) is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a striker. He last played for Vissel Kobe of the J1 League. Best known for his ability to understand, and control the game, he was considered to be one of the best strikers of his generation. 

Villa also played for the Spanish national team from 2005 to 2017. 

Source:

Pablo Ibáñez

Pablo Ibáñez (born 3 August 1981) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid.

223||11
223||11

!Total||23||0

José Manuel Reina

José Manuel Reina (born 31 August 1982) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Liverpool and Spain national team.

139||0||8||0||colspan="2"|-||49||0||196||0
136||0||7||0||1||0||50||0||194||0
275||0||15||0||1||0||99||0||390||0

!Total||19||0

Plate block

A plate block is a block of postage stamps that includes the part of the sheet margin with the serial number of the printing plate(s) used to print the stamps.

Sometimes the plate numbers appear in the stamps themselves, but the more common practice is to include the number in the margin of each sheet, frequently alongside the name of the printer.


Singapore Chinese Orchestra

The Singapore Chinese Orchestra (SCO) is Singapore’s only professional Chinese orchestra.

As the main one of local performing arts groups, the SCO has the patronage of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. It is located at the Singapore Conference Hall since 2001 after the revamp of the building. Under the baton of music director Sheng Hui, the 70-strong orchestra aspires to introduce Chinese orchestral music to an ever-broadening audience. It is now currently led by Quek Ling Kiong, Principal Conductor, together with Tsung Yeh, Conductor Emeritus and Mr Moses Gay, Associate Conductor

Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Alfred Ernest Albert; 6 August 1844 – 30 July 1900) was the third Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha between 1893 and 1900. He was the second son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. He died of throat cancer in Coburg, Germany in 1900 age 55 he died six days before his 56 th birthday his wife Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia out lived him by 20 years dying age 67 eight days after her 67 th birthday on 24 October 1920 the only child of Tsar Alexander II to survive the Russian Revolution died in her sleep from a heart attack .

Hillsborough disaster

The Hillsborough disaster happened on 15 April 1989. It happened at the Hillsborough Stadium in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. A stampede of people in the stadiums caused the deaths of 97 people (all Liverpool supporters). Another 766 people were injured. It happened during the FA Cup semi-final match between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest football clubs.

After the disaster, it was believed to be caused by the football fans. However, this turned out not to be true. A later investigation saw that the police were to blame. Ambulances were not able to reach the pitch where the stampede happened, which helped increase the number of people who died. There is a memorial at Hillsborough Stadium in memory of the people who died.

It is the worst disaster in British sporting history.

The newspaper "The Sun" made an untrue headline, days after the disaster. In February 2017, Liverpool F.C. put a ban on "The Sun" journalists from entering their grounds in response to the coverage of Hillsborough by the newspaper.

Hillsborough Stadium

Hillsborough Stadium is the home of Sheffield Wednesday Football Club in Sheffield, England. It was opened on 2 September 1899. It is now a 39,814 capacity all-seater stadium. A lot of the seats are covered. It is in the Sheffield suburb of Owlerton. It takes its name from the parliamentary constituency in which it is.

On 15 April 1989, the ground was the scene of one of the worst sporting tragedies of all time. 94 Liverpool fans were crushed to death during an FA Cup semi-final. This was called the Hillsborough disaster. The final death toll was 96. This meant that extra security measures were added there and in other stadiums around the country.

Liverpool Street station

Liverpool Street station, also known as London Liverpool Street, is a major railway station in the City of London. It is the southern terminus of the Great Eastern Main Line (GEML), and is connected to a London Underground station of the same name. 

Liverpool Street the main departure point from London to the East of England. It serves those places not served by the East Coast Main Line from King's Cross. It has commuter service to parts of East London and Essex, such as Chelmsford, Clacton-on-Sea, Witham and Norwich. It serves the London Stansted Airport via the Stansted Express. 

It is one of the busiest stations in the United Kingdom, the third busiest in London after Waterloo and Victoria. Over 123 million people use the station each year. It is one of 17 managed by Network Rail. The station has exits to Bishopsgate, Liverpool Street and the Broadgate development. It is in Travelcard Zone 1.



Floriana F.C.

Floriana F.C. is an association football team from Malta.

Testimonial match

A testimonial match is an exhibition game played to raise money for a player who has been with a club for a long time.

World record

A world record is usually the best global and most important performance of a certain skill, sport, or other activity. The book "Guinness World Records" and other world records organizations collect and publish many world records. One of them is the World Records Union that is the unique world records register organization recognized by the Council of the Notariats of the European Union.

George V of Hanover

George V (George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus; 27 May 1819–12 June 1878) was the last King of Hanover and a member of the German branch of the House of Hanover.He was a grandson of George III of the United Kingdom and son of Ernest Augustus, King of Hanover. George V was a cousin of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.

George married, on 18 February 1843, at Hanover, Princess Marie of Saxe-Altenburg, the eldest daughter of Joseph, Duke of Saxe-Altenburg, by his wife, Duchess Amelia of Württemberg. They had three children.


Ubuntu-restricted-extras

ubuntu-restricted-extras is a package for Ubuntu, that allows the user to install most of the essential restricted software, due to legal, or copyright reasons.
It is a meta-package that installs, among other things:

Ubuntu-restricted-extras is already included in distros like Super OS



Elizabeth Woodville

Elizabeth Woodville (Also known by Elizabeth Wydeville) was the wife of King Edward IV of England. She was the mother of King Edward V of England. She was also the mother of Elizabeth of York, the queen consort of King Henry VII of England.

Elizabeth was born some time around the year 1437, at Grafton Regis, Northamptonshire. Her parents were Sir Richard Woodville and his wife, Jacquetta of Luxembourg, a foreign noblewoman who had first been married to the Duke of Bedford. After her first husband died, Jacquetta fell in love with Sir Richard, who was not very rich or important even though he was a knight. Jacquetta's friends and family felt that it was an unsuitable marriage and that he was not good enough for her. They had fourteen children altogether.

When Elizabeth first met Edward, she was a widow. Elizabeth and her first husband, Lord Grey, had two sons, Thomas and Richard. Then Lord Grey was killed in battle, fighting on the opposite side to King Edward. Because she was a widow who already had children, and because her family had supported King Edward's enemies, she was thought to be an unsuitable wife for the king. Elizabeth and Edward were married in secret, because the king did not want to quarrel with his great friend the Earl of Warwick, who wanted Edward to marry a princess. At the time of their marriage, Edward was 22 and Elizabeth a few years older.

When the Earl of Warwick discovered that the young king had married Elizabeth without his permission, he was furious. Although he was forced to accept the marriage, he became angry at the way Elizabeth's family grew powerful as a result of her becoming queen. A few years later, he turned against Edward and tried to put his rival, King Henry VI of England, back on the throne. While Edward was fighting to get his throne back, Elizabeth went to Westminster Abbey to find sanctuary; this meant that, because the abbey was a holy place, she could not be captured by her enemies as long as she remained there. While there, she gave birth to her first son, who was named Edward after his father. After a while, her husband returned and rescued her and her children, defeating the Earl of Warwick in battle and killing him.

Elizabeth and Edward had ten children altogether. Their eldest son, Edward, should have become king when his father died. However, King Edward died suddenly, and his own younger brother, Richard, Duke of Gloucester, snatched the throne. Richard hated the Woodville family, and killed Elizabeth's brother Anthony, who had been the guardian of her son Edward. Both Edward and Elizabeth's younger son, Richard, were placed in the Tower of London (which was then a royal palace). After a few months, they disappeared, and it was thought that King Richard had killed them. This rumour made the new king unpopular with many of his people, and two years later, Henry Tudor took the throne from him in battle and became King Henry VII of England. Henry VII married Elizabeth's eldest daughter, who was also called Elizabeth. Elizabeth Woodville herself died a few years later at Bermondsey Abbey.


Suffolk County Council

Suffolk County Council is the administrative authority for the county of Suffolk, England. It provides many services under the control of elected county councillors. This include education, planning, transport and streets, social services and public safety.


Groundskeeper

A groundskeeper is a person who maintains landscaping, gardens or sporting venues (and their vegetation where appropriate) for appearance and functionality.

Forth Bridge

Forth Bridge is a name used to refer to:



Forth Road Bridge

The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge crossing the Firth of Forth in Scotland. It connects the city of Edinburgh to Fife. The bridge carries cars and pedestrians across the Firth. It was built in 1963. Trains use the nearby Forth Rail Bridge, a historic railroad bridge built in 1890. The bridge was designed by architect Richard Gilbert Scott.

Even though the bridge was built so recently, it has had some serious repairs done. A report into the failure of nine heavy-duty nuts on the Forth Road Bridge said all 1,888 similar nuts on the crossing should be replaced.

All the cable band nuts and bolts were replaced in the late 1990s as part of a large project to replace the hanger ropes. Ten years later, a report found serious defects. Bridge authority FETA investigated when inspectors found the nine cracked nuts. Engineers FaberMaunsell carried out lab tests and a study of similar issues on suspension bridges across the world. The nuts are used to secure 192 'cable bands' to the bridge's main cables.

The report also found workmen had not placed washers correctly. This may have led to uneven pressure on the nuts. The protective coating on the nuts was poor, and allowed moisture to cause damage.

Engineers have now replaced all nuts and bolts which were cracked.

Yankee Stadium

Yankee Stadium is the new baseball stadium of the New York Yankees. It is in the New York City borough of the Bronx. The stadium opened in April 2009. It replaced the original Yankee Stadium, which the Yankees had played in since 1923. It was opened with an exhibition game against the Chicago Cubs on April 3, 2009. The first regular game was played on April 16, 2009.

The new stadium cost $1.5 billion dollars to build. It was the most expensive baseball stadium in the world. It is built to look like the old Yankee Stadium. It has many new and more modern features.
The new stadium has many parts that look similar to the old one when it was first built. This includes the outside walls of the stadium, the color of the seats, and the size of the playing field being the same.

The new stadium has an area known as "Monument Park" behind the center field wall. Monument Park has monuments honoring good Yankee players from past years. Monument Park is open before the game starts.

Another feature is the Great Hall. The Great Hall is a hallway near the entrance of the stadium with a tall roof and many stores and food stands. It also has banners to celebrate the team's history.

The new stadium has more than three times as many suites as the original. A suite is a fancy room with a view of the field where rich people watch the game. There are also many bars and clubs. It has better food than the original stadium.

People can drive to the stadium. There are several garages near it. It is near the New York Thruway in the Bronx. The stadium can also be reached by train, because there is a subway station near it. Trains can often be seen from the stadium.

The stadium is generally seen as being better than its predecessor, but some people dislike it. This mainly because the stadium's high cost has led to very high ticket prices. The high prices meant that there were many empty seats when the stadium first opened, especially behind the batter where tickets can cost up to 2,500 dollars. People have also disliked the stadium for its fan unfriendly practices. For example, fans cannot get autographs from players before the game. The stadium was seen as too expensive for being only a little better than the original. The new stadium also allowed many home runs during its first month, because of the way the wind moves the ball. That made many people call it "too easy".


Citi Field

Citi Field is a major league baseball park in an outer part of New York City in Queens New York, and the home of the New York Mets, since the 2009 MLB season. Citi Field is sponsored by Citi Bank. Construction began in 2006 when the Mets home was still Shea stadium. It replaced Shea Stadium, which was torn down after the 2008 baseball season. The place where the old stadium stood is a parking lot now. The 2013 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was played at Citi Field.

Ideas to build a new ball park in Queens were first discussed in the 1990s. This happened because the Met's then current stadium, Shea Stadium, was growing older and did not have many features found in newer stadiums. The Mets, along with the City of New York made plans to build a new stadium, next to Shea. The project to build the stadium was approved in March 2006, and construction started soon after. The building of the stadium could be seen from Shea, during the 2007 and 2008 baseball season. The new stadium, named Citi Field opened on April 13, 2009.
Citi Field has many interesting and unique attractions. The park has seats for up to 41,000 fans to watch a game. The seats are painted green to look similar to the Polo Grounds- another New York stadium torn down in 1965. Citi Field has a home run Apple in center field. The Apple is not a real apple, rather it is a large plastic apple with the Mets sign on it that rises when a Mets player hits a home run. This is similar to Shea stadium, which also had a home run apple. The foul poles at the stadium are painted orange.

Another part of the stadium is the Jackie Robinson Rotunda. This is the place where most fans enter the stadium, and teaches fans about Jackie Robinson, the first black player in Major League Baseball. Citi Field also has an area called the Pepsi Porch. It is a place where fans can watch the game in the outfield. The first two rows of the porch are over the playing field.
There is also a smaller field behind the centerfield wall where kids can play baseball and other games. The stadium also has a museum to show Mets history and many restaurants, bars, stores, and food stands which surround the field. 

Citi Field has many big parking lots which surround the stadium, allowing fans to bring their car to the game. The Stadium also has a train station with the New York City Subway and Long Island railroad that goes to downtown New York City.

In the years after it opened, the stadium had a few changes. After the 2011 baseball season, the outfield fences were moved closer to the batter, because people thought it was too hard to hit home runs. The fences were also painted blue and orange.



Cabo San Lucas

Cabo San Lucas is a city in Baja California Sur, Mexico. It is often called "Cabo".

Cabo is known for its beaches and scuba diving places. The sea arch "El Arco de Cabo San Lucas" is popular with tourists. There are many resorts along the coast between Cabo San Lucas and San José del Cabo.

Diatomyidae

Diatomyidae is a family of suborder "Hystricomorpha", are rodents found in Asia. It is currently represented by a single known living species, the Laotian rock rat ("Laonastes aenigmamus").

Thom Yorke

Thomas Edward "Thom" Yorke (born 7 October 1968) is an English musician. He is most known for being the lead singer, pianist, and guitarist for the English alternative rock band Radiohead. Radiohead have released nine studio albums. Radiohead first became famous with their single "Creep". In 1997 they released their third album, "OK Computer". It got good reviews. It won Best Alternative Music Performance at the 1998 Grammy Awards.

In 2000 Yorke sung on "I've Seen It All", a song by Björk. It was on the soundtrack to Dancer in the Dark.

He released his first solo album ""The Eraser"" in 2006 on XL Recordings. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album in 2007. In 2008 Yorke sung on the single "Náttúra" by Björk.

In 2013 he released an album with Atoms for Peace called "Amok".

Yorke lives in Oxford. He has two children, son Noah, born in 2001, and daughter Agnes, born 2004.

Laotian rock rat

The Laotian rock rat or kha-nyou ("Laonastes aenigmamus") is a rodent species of the Khammouan area of Laos, first named in 2005.

Santa Susana Mountains

The Santa Susana Mountains are a mountain range in southern California, in the United States. They are north of the city of Los Angeles and the Los Angeles River; and south of the Santa Clara River. The west part of the mountains is in Ventura County while the east part is in Los Angeles County.

Fakir

A fakir or faqir, is a Sufi who performs feats of endurance or magic. The word comes from "faqr" (), meaning "poverty".

In English, the word is often used for Sufi mystics. It can also be used to for a common street beggar who chants holy names, scriptures or verses. It has become a common Urdu and Hindi word for "beggar".

Many stereotypes of the great fakir exist, including a near-naked man easily walking barefoot on burning coals, sitting or sleeping on a bed of sharp nails, floating in the air while meditating, or "living on air" (refusing all food).

Curro Torres

Curro Torres (born 27 December 1976) is a Spanish football manager and former player. He is the current manager of FCI Levadia Tallinn.

249||9
249||9

!Total||5||0

Juan Francisco García

Juan Francisco García (born 15 July, 1976) is a Spanish football player. He plays for AEK Athens.

278||7
13||1
16||0
0||0
307||8

!Total||11||0

Iván Helguera

Iván Helguera (born 28 March 1975) is a Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

318||26
8||0
326||26

!Total||47||3

Javier de Pedro

Javier de Pedro (born 4 August, 1973) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

308||44
2||0
5||0
315||44

!Total||12||2

Albert Luque

Albert Luque (born 11 March 1978) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Málaga.

228||61
21||1
16||4
265||66

!Total||18||2

Ricardo López Felipe

Ricardo López Felipe (born 30 December, 1971) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Osasuna.

191||0
1||0
192||0

!Total||2||0

Enrique Romero

Enrique Romero (born 23 June, 1971) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

396||14
396||14

!Total||10||0

Sergio González

Sergio González (born 10 November 1976) is a retired Spanish football player. He currently coaches RCD Espanyol. He played for Spain in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

!Total||11||0

Rolls-Royce

Rolls-Royce is a British brand, it may refer to:

Pedro Contreras

Pedro Contreras (born 7 January, 1972) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

282||0
282||0

!Total||2||0

José Antonio Camacho

José Antonio Camacho (born 8 June, 1955) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Madrid and Spain national team.

414||9
414||9

!Total||81||0

Kwangmyŏngsŏng-2

Kwangmyŏngsŏng-2 (Hangul: 광명성 2호, Hanja: 光明星 2號, meaning Bright Star-2) is, according to its estimated trajectory, a North Korean satellite, although it was suggested that it might be an intercontinental ballistic missile. According to the South Korean government, North Korea launched the rocket around 11:30 a.m. (0230GMT) Sunday 5 April 2009 from the coastal Musudan-ri launch pad in northeastern North Korea.

Slash (punctuation)

A slash (/) is a punctuation mark used for various purposes. Other names for it are a stroke, virgule, diagonal, right-leaning stroke, oblique dash, solidus, slant, slake and whack, or forward slash. A mark in the reverse direction (\) is called a reverse slash or backslash. 

One use is showing how much of something is left. For example, "15/20 boxes remaining" means that there are 15 boxes remaining out of a total 20 boxes. 

The slash (/) is also known as: forward slash, stroke, oblique. You should use the slash with care in formal writing. 1. A slash is often used to indicate "or": Dear Sir/Madam (Sir or Madam) 

It is also used in mathematics and coding, commonly to indicate numerical division. It is also used to delineate members of a hierarchical path to locate a file or resource. Note that some computer systems use the backslash for the same purpose.


Backslash

The backslash (), is a glyph mostly used in computing.
It has other names, like reverse slash, backslant, and slosh.
It is not used in normal writing, which is one reason for its use in computing.

Hohenstein-Ernstthal

Hohenstein-Ernstthal is a town in the Zwickau rural district, Free State of Saxony, Germany. The towns of Hohenstein and Ernstthal were united in 1898. The town is either known by its hyphenated form, or simply called Hohenstein.

The town got bigger in the 15th century because silver mines were found nearby. 

Physicist G. H. von Schubert and inventor C. G. Schrter were born in Hohenstein.
The writer Karl May was born in Ernstthal. The house of his birth is a museum.

The mayor of Hohenstein-Ernstthal is Lars Kluge.


1M1 Records

1M1 Records is an Australian record label formed in 1988 as oneMone Records. It was used to promote and archive Australian movie soundtracks. It was the creation of Australian movie music recording producers Philip Powers and James McCarthy. These were both previously Director of Music at the Australian government filmmaking organisation Film Australia, overlapping between 1985 and 1987.

The first soundtrack released by 1M1 Records was in 1988 from the Australian television miniseries For the Term of His Natural Life (1982), which featured Anthony Perkins, Colin Friels, Patrck Macnee and Samantha Eggar. The music was composed and conducted by Simon Walker. The CD was produced by Philip Powers with Simon Walker and James McCarthy as unnamed Executive Producers.

This is a list of some of the composers who have had their movie music released by 1M1 Records:

Lupe Fiasco

Wasalu Muhammad Jaco (born February 16, 1982 in Chicago, Illinois), better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco, is an American rapper and record producer. He became famous in 2006 with the success of his first album, "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor". His song "Show Goes On" charted at number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. He also performs as the lead singer of rock band Japanese Cartoon under his real name. As an entrepreneur, Fiasco was the chief executive officer of 1st and 15th Entertainment.


Lupe Fiasco at Northwestern University in May 2007

This is a comprehensive list of awards and nominations won by Lupe Fiasco.

He has so far in his career won one Grammy. He has been nominated for eleven others. Altogether, Fiasco has earned 12 Grammy nominations. He has also won a USA's Character Approved Award, which had started that year. In total, he has been nominated for thirty-three awards.

12 Apostles (record label)

12 Apostles is an independent record label based in London, England and Brooklyn, USA. 12 Apostles Records specialises in 12 inch vinyl record releases that are distributed by Cargo International in the UK. 




12 Tónar

12 Tónar is a small record shop in Reykjavík, Iceland, and also a record label for Icelandic indie bands. It is found on Skólavörðustígur 15, in downtown Reykjavík.



12k

12k is an independent record label, based in Pound Ridge, New York, USA. It was founded on January 1, 1997 by Taylor Deupree.

12k has three sublabels. Line which was launched in 2000 with Richard Chartier; term. which was founded in 2000 in the form of a netlabel and Happy which was founded in 2003.






13th Planet Records

13th Planet Records is a record label founded by Ministry frontman Al Jourgensen and his wife, Angelina Jourgensen, in 2004. 





Dave Heineman

Dave Heineman (born May 12, 1948) is an American politician. He was the governor of Nebraska from 2005 to 2015. He is a Republican.

Paulínia

Paulínia is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. As of 2008, its population was 81.544 inhabitants in an area of 145.27 km². The elevation is 590 m.


Alpha particle

An alpha particle is a radioactive particle that is made up of two protons and two neutrons. It is a helium nucleus: that is a helium atom without electrons. Radioactive elements give out alpha particles when they go through a kind of radioactive decay, known as alpha decay.

During alpha decay, the atomic nucleus releases an alpha particle. The nucleus will lose two protons and two neutrons when this happens. After the decay, the atom will change to another element, because the atom loses two protons. For example, when americium goes through alpha decay it changes into neptunium because neptunium is defined to have two protons less than americium. Alpha decay usually happens in heavy elements, those containing more neutrons and protons, such as uranium, thorium, plutonium, and radium.

Alpha particles cannot even go through a few centimetres of air. Alpha radiation cannot hurt humans when the alpha source is outside the human body, because human skin does not let the alpha particles go through, it cannot "penetrate" it. Alpha radiation can be very harmful if the source is inside the body, such as when people breathe dust or gas containing materials which decay by emitting alpha particles.

To look at americium again, the isotope americium-241 gives off alpha radiation. This radiation can be very harmful if it is inside someone's body because it can change the DNA in the cells. But it is not harmful when it is outside of the body because alpha radiation does not travel through the outside layers of the skin very well.

When scientists write equations about nuclear reactions they use the Greek letter Alpha. Ernest Rutherford started this when he discovered and named three kinds of ionizing radiation. 

Greenpeace

Greenpeace is an international non-governmental organisation working for the protection and conservation of the environment. It was set up in Vancouver, Canada in 1971 and now has regional and national offices in 46 countries.

Greenpeace received international attention during the 1980s when the French intelligence agency bombed the Greenpeace ship "Rainbow Warrior" in the Auckland Harbor, killing one individual. In the following years, Greenpeace evolved into one of the largest environmental organizations in the world. Greenpeace is known for its direct actions and has been described as the most visible environmental organization in the world. The organization has raised environmental issues to public knowledge, and influenced both the private and the public sector.

On its official website, Greenpeace defines its mission as the following:

All Greenpeace actions are based on a common set of values and should therefore be: nonviolent, non-partisan, independent and international.

Since Greenpeace was founded, seagoing ships have played a vital role in its campaigns. The group has three ocean-going ships, the Esperanza, Arctic Sunrise and Rainbow Warrior III.

Greenpeace receives its funding exclusively from individual supporters and foundations. Greenpeace screens all major donations in order to ensure it does not receive unwanted donations. The organization does not accept money from governments, political parties or corporations in order to avoid their influence. Donations from foundations which are funded by political parties or receive most of their funding from governments are also rejected.


Albert, Manitoba

Albert is a rural municipality in Manitoba, Canada.

Alexander, Manitoba

Alexander is a rural municipality in Manitoba, Canada.

Alonsa, Manitoba

Alonsa is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

Lake Manitoba is one of the largest attractions near Alonsa.

Altona, Manitoba

Altona is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

Angusville, Manitoba

Angusville is a community in Manitoba, Canada. It was named after a pioneer family with the family name Angus.

Anola, Manitoba

Anola is a town in Manitoba, Canada. About 200 people live in its limits, but many people in surrounding areas consider themselves to be part of Anola.

Arborg, Manitoba

Arborg is a town in Manitoba, Canada.

Argyle, Manitoba

Argyle is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

The town is about 30 minutes north of Winnipeg. Many farms and gravel companies do well around this area. There is heavy forest and lots of wildlife everywhere.

Lowestoft

Lowestoft is a town in Suffolk.

Flint tools were found at Pakefield in south Lowestoft in 2005. This showed that humans had been living in the Lowestoft area 200,000 years ago. This means Lowestoft is one of the earliest known sites for humans in the United Kingdom.

Ashern

Ashern is a community in Manitoba, Canada. In 2006, there were 639 people.

Austin, Manitoba

Austin is a town in Manitoba, Canada.

Badger, Manitoba

Badger is a town in Manitoba, Canada. About 61 people live in the town. It is southwest of Whitemouth Lake.

Bakers Narrows, Manitoba

Bakers Narrows is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

Baldur, Manitoba

Baldur is a village in Manitoba, Canada.

The village started when the railway came in 1890. The town was named for the Norse god Baldur. Many of the people who first lived in the village have Icelandic heritage.


Beausejour, Manitoba

Beausejour is a town in Manitoba, Canada. It is a town of 2,772 people.

It is the birthplace of former Provincial Premier and Governor General Edward Schreyer. 

Benito, Manitoba

Benito is a village in Manitoba, Canada.

In 1905, the Canadian National Railway went through the village.


Seal (device)

A seal is something such as a piece of wax which has an official mark on it, and which is attached to an important letter or document to make it official. It can also mean the device (e.g. a metal stamp or ring) which is used to make the official mark.
The word comes from the Latin “sigillum”.

The study of seals is called Sigillography.

Seals are used on documents to prove that they really did come from the person who signed it (they “authenticate” the document). A seal could be put on the letter itself, or on the envelope where it is stuck down. The writer would pour some wax over the joint of the letter, then press a ring or metal stamp (called a matrix) which has his official mark on. This meant that no one would be able to open the letter and then close it again, because the seal will break when the letter is opened. Most governments still put seals on important documents. Letters do not normally have seals any more, even important letters.

Sometimes lead, pewter or ivory were used instead of wax.

Each seal is different from any other. This means that an important person (e.g. a king) has his own personalized stamp. 

Seals were used in very early civilizations. In ancient Mesopotamia seals were engraved on cylinders, which could be rolled to create an impression on clay. Signet-rings of kings from Ancient Egypt have been found. From Ancient Egypt seals in the form of signet-rings of kings have been found. Other ancient seals come from Saudi Arabia or the Ancient Greek and Roman times. 

After the fall of the Roman Empire in 476 seals were not used so much. The Popes used lead seals, and Charlemagne (who died in 814) had a special seal engraved with Jupiter Sarpis. In England all the kings from Edward the Confessor onwards had their own “seal of majesty”.

Seals from East Asian later developed into block printing. Seals from China have been found from the 5th century B.C.

The wearing of signet rings (from Latin "signum" meaning sign) is an old tradition among nobles in European and some other cultures. In Latin America, it is also traditional for the descendants of the old "criollo" aristocratic families to wear signet rings in the Spanish tradition.

Signet rings were often worn on the little finger of either the right or left hand (depending on the country), although some countries have different customs (French and German noblemen, and some Spanish nobles wear it on the ring finger of their left hand; Swiss wear it on the ring finger of their right hand). In the United Kingdom, signet rings are typically worn on the little finger of the left hand of the bearer and are often cast of gold. The ring is worn with the seal facing outwards so that the wearer can make a seal without taking the ring off.

A similar tradition is found with blacksmiths who use their “touchmark” (a stamp used on the hot metal to show who made it) on whatever they made. When they died their touchmark was destroyed.

The study of seals (sigillography) is very useful in many areas: genealogy, political history, art history etc. This is because modern science can work out very closely how old a seal is. This makes it possible to date documents or works of art.

The word “seal” is often used as a metaphor: 

Because seals are used to close something officially, the word “seal” can also be used in other situations with a similar meaning:


The Attitude Era

The Attitude Era was a period in the World Wrestling Federation and professional wrestling history. It occurred in response to the Monday Night Wars with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It officially started on November 9, 1997 at Survivor Series 1997, with the Montreal Screwjob and debut of the "WWF Attitude" scratch logo, culminated with the conclusion of the Monday Night Wars in 2001, and ended on May 6, 2002 when WWF rebranded to WWE with the "Get the 'F' Out" marketing campaign.

The Attitude Era professional, like the 1980s wrestling boom, made wrestling more popular in the United States from the late 1990s to early 2000s. Television ratings and pay-per-view reached their highest points. The Attitude Era was different from the more traditional WWF programming. It tried to attract the young adult demographic. It did this by making the product into a more controversial "shock value" form of entertainment. This was similar to the "Trash TV" genre popularized in the 1990s.





Eggnog

Eggnog is a sweet dairy drink made with milk, cream, sugar, beaten eggs, and flavoured with cinnamon and nutmeg. Alcoholic kinds are also made. Eggnog is a popular drink in the United States and Canada, and is usually drank with winter parties such as Christmas and New Year. Brandy, rum or bourbon may be added. As for its origins, it is agreed upon that eggnog originated in present day United Kingdom in the early medieval period. The drink would then make its way to North America in the 18th century and become a popular beverage during the winter holidays.

Binscarth, Manitoba

Binscarth is a village in Manitoba, Canada. In 2011, 425 people lived in the village. In 1999 Canadian Living Magazine called Binscarth "Best Place To Raise A Family".

Birch River, Manitoba

Birch River is a community in Manitoba, Canada. Two kilometres north is the Porcupine Provincial Forest.

Birtle, Manitoba

Birtle is a town in Manitoba, Canada. In 2001, 690 people lived in the town.

Hockey and Curling are popular sports. The town has both a hockey rink and a curling rink. 

Amenia (town), New York

Amenia is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Beekman, New York

Beekman is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. It is named after Henry Beekman, whose family owned owned land in the county as well as slaves.

Clinton, Dutchess County, New York

Clinton is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The population was 4,037 at the 2020 census. The town is named after George Clinton, an early governor of New York.

Dover, New York

Dover is a town in Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States. 8,415 people were living in Dover as of 2020.

East Fishkill, New York

East Fishkill is a town in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Fishkill (town), New York

Fishkill is a town in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Hyde Park, New York

Hyde Park is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Dol2day

dol2day ("democracy online today") is a social networking platform for politically interested German speaking people launched on May 15, 2000. The site is a combination of Internet forum and multi-user dungeon with 


LaGrange, New York

LaGrange is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Milan, New York

Milan is a town of Dutchess County, in the state of New York in the United States. 2,245 people were living in Milan as of 2020.

North East, New York

North East is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Pawling (town), New York

Pawling is a town of Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States. 8,012 people were living in Pawling as of 2020.

Pine Plains (town), New York

Pine Plains is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Dutchess County, New York

Dutchess County is a county in New York, United States. It is in the Hudson Valley.

Pleasant Valley (town), New York

Pleasant Valley is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Poughkeepsie (town), New York

The Town of Poughkeepsie is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Red Hook, New York

Red Hook is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. It is a town which setting was in a view from a bridge.

Rhinebeck (town), New York

Rhinebeck is a town of Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States. About 7,600 people were living in the town of Rhinebeck as of 2020.

Stanford, New York

Stanford is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Szczecin-Goleniów &quot;Solidarność&quot; Airport

Szczecin-Goleniów "Solidarność" Airport (Polish: "Port Lotniczy Szczecin-Goleniów im. NSZZ "Solidarność"") is an airport located near Goleniów, Szczecin, Police and Świnoujście in Poland. The airport has good train connections to reach Szczecin and Kołobrzeg.


Charter flights operates to Egypt (Hurghada and Sharm el-Sheikh), Turkey and Tunesia.


Census-designated place

A census-designated place (CDP) is a place that is identified by the United States Census Bureau as a place dedicated for statistical purposes. They are communities that do not have their own government, but are similar to incorporated places in other ways.

Ecdysozoa

The Ecdysozoa (including Cycloneuralia) are a group of protostome animal phyla. This is a taxon above the level of phylum. It includes the Arthropoda (insects and crustaceans), Nematoda, and several smaller phyla. 

They were first defined in 1997, based mainly on phylogenetic trees taken from 18S ribosomal RNA genes. A large study in 2008 strongly supported the Ecdysozoa as a clade, that is, a group consisting of a common ancestor and all its descendants.

The group is also supported by morphological characters, and includes all animals that shed their exoskeleton (see ecdysis).

Shoot

In botany, shoots are stems plus the leaves and lateral buds, flowering stems and flower buds. The new growth from seed germination that grows upward is a shoot where leaves will develop. In the spring, perennial plant shoots are the new growth that grows from the ground in herbaceous plants or the new stem or flower growth that grows on woody plants.

In everyday speech, shoots are often synonymous with stems.

Young shoots are often eaten by animals because the fibers in the new growth have not yet completed secondary cell wall development, making the young shoots softer and easier to chew and digest.
As shoots grow and age, the cells develop secondary cell walls that have a hard and tough structure.

Some plants produce toxins that make their shoots inedible or less palatable (pleasant to eat).

Association football pitch

A football pitch (also known as a football field or soccer field) is the playing surface for the game of association football made of grass. Its dimensions and markings are defined by Law 1 of the Laws of the Game, "The Field of Play".

State Bank of Pakistan

The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) () is the central bank and national bank of Pakistan.

List of tallest buildings in Thailand

This list of tallest buildings in Thailand ranks skyscrapers in Thailand by height. 

A Currently topped out; expected completion in 2009.
This lists buildings that are under construction in Thailand 


Ape Escape 2

Ape Escape 2 is a Playstation 2 game, that consists of catching troublesome Monkeys and defeating Specter. 

It was published and developed to the PS2 by Sony, but in North America, it was published by Ubisoft. It was first released in Japan on 18 July 2002 and later released in Europe on 14 March 2003, and in North America on 30 June 2003. It is the second game in the "Ape Escape" series.

The Professor leaves one simple task for Jimmy, (Hikaru), to do, but as you would have guessed, it does not go well. He was supposed to send Monkey Pants to a Monkey Park, but he sent Peak Point helmets too. Specter got hold of one and decided to try and take over the world again. Natalie is furious with Jimmy, as he destroyed the laboratory, and to make up for it, he decides to go and catch all of the monkeys and defeat Specter. 

Specter a troublesome monkey, trying to take over the world.

Hikaru the main character who captures monkeys and saves the world. 

Kekaru another character who does the same as Hikaru, after you complete the game Hikaru.

Pipotchi Hikaru's best friend who journeys with Hikaru (only) to help him.

Freaky Monkey Five bosses in the game. 

Natalie your helper who stays in the Lab. 

The Professor sometimes appears every now and then. 

Other features are Mini Games, that you pay for in the vending machine in the Lab. There are Monkey Football (Soccer), Dance Monkey Dance, and Monkey Climbing.

Andoni Zubizarreta

Andoni Zubizarreta (born 23 October 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team. He is one of a small group of footballers who have played in Four World Cup. He played as a goalkeeper. He bowed out of football in 1998 with Nigeria, after punching a ball into his own net.

622||0||104||0||88||0||814||0
622||0||104||0||88||0||814||0

!Total||126||0

Albert Ferrer

Albert Ferrer (born 6 June, 1970) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

221||1
75||0
296||1

!Total||36||0

Agustín Aranzábal

Agustín Aranzábal (born 15 March, 1973) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

354||6
354||6

!Total||28||0

Rafael Alkorta

Rafael Alkorta (born 16 September, 1968) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

370||8
370||8

!Total||54||0

Abelardo Fernández

Abelardo Fernández (born 19 March 1970) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

386||24
386||24

!Total||54||3

Juan Antonio Pizzi

Juan Antonio Pizzi (born 7 June, 1968) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

132||64
30||12
224||93
11||3
397||172

!Total||22||8

Alfonso Pérez

Alfonso Pérez (born 26 September, 1972) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

307||84
11||4
318||88

!Total||38||11

Sergi Barjuán

Sergi Barjuán (born 28 December 1971) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

351||5
351||5

!Total||56||1

Iván Campo

Iván Campo (born 21 February 1974) is a Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

169||8||2||0||colspan="2"|-||22||0||193||8
189||14||8||0||12||1||5||0||214||15
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
358||22||10||0||12||1||27||0||407||23

!Total||4||0

Carlos Aguilera Marín

Carlos Aguilera Marín (born 22 May 1969) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

453||36
453||36

!Total||7||0

Albert Celades

Albert Celades (born 29 September, 1975) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Red Bull New York.

224||8
27||3
0||0
251||11

!Total||4||0

Joseba Etxeberria

Joseba Etxeberria (born 5 September 1977) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Athletic Bilbao.

446||91
446||91

!Total||53||12

Guillermo Amor

Guillermo Amor (born 4 December 1967) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

375||48||55||10||60||11||490||69
24||0||||||5||0||29||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
402||48||55||10||65||11||522||69

!Total||37||4

Kiko (footballer, born 1972)

Kiko (born 26 April 1972) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

313||61
313||61

!Total||26||4

José Francisco Molina

José Francisco Molina (born 8 August 1970) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

452||0
452||0

!Total||9||0

Javier Clemente

Javier Clemente (born 12 March, 1950) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Atlético Bilbao.

Jorge Otero

Jorge Otero (born 28 January, 1969) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

466||6
466||6

!Total||9||0

Francisco José Camarasa

Francisco José Camarasa (born 27 September, 1967) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Valencia and Spain national team.

267||9
267||9

!Total||14||0

Ion Andoni Goikoetxea

Ion Andoni Goikoetxea (born 21 October 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

386||36
23||0
409||36

!Total||36||4

José Mari Bakero

José Mari Bakero (born 11 February 1963) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

483||139
17||3
500||142

!Total||30||7

Juanele

Juanele (born 10 April, 1971) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

388||65
388||65

!Total||5||2

José Luis Caminero

José Luis Caminero (born 8 November 1967) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

438||56
438||56

!Total||21||8

Felipe Miñambres

Felipe Miñambres (born 29 April, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

347||42
347||42

!Total||6||2

Voro (footballer)

Voro (born 9 October, 1963) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

422||12
422||12

!Total||9||0

Julio Salinas

Julio Salinas (born 11 September 1962) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

417||152||||||||||417||152
47||34||2||2||8||4||57||40
464||186||2||2||8||4||474||192
!Total||56||22

Julen Lopetegui

Julen Lotopegui (born 28 August, 1966) is a former Spanish football player and is the football manager of Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers.

256||0
256||0

!Total||1||0

Glendale, California

Glendale is a city in Los Angeles County, California in the United States. It is at the junction of two large valleys, the San Fernando Valley and San Gabriel Valley, near the beginning of the Los Angeles River. As of 2020, 196,543 people live in Glendale. Glendale is known for its low crime rate and being one of the safest cities in the United States.


Retrograde amnesia

Retrograde amnesia is a type of amnesia when someone cannot remember what happened before the event that caused the memory loss (such as a head injury). This is different from anterograde amnesia, when someone cannot remember what happened after the event.

Tujunga Wash

Tujunga Wash is a stream in Los Angeles County, California. Its watershed covers 225 square miles (580 square kilometers) from the San Gabriel Mountains to the flat floor of the Los Angeles Basin. Tujunga Wash is a major tributary to the Los Angeles River, providing about a fifth of its flow. 

The wash begins in two forks, Big Tujunga Creek and Little Tujunga Creek. Big Tujunga Creek begins in the San Gabriel Mountains. It flows west to a reservoir called Big Tujunga Reservoir, formed by a dam at its west shore. After exiting the dam, the creek is known as "Big Tujunga Wash". Little Tujunga Creek flows south from a portion of the San Gabriel Mountains north of the Hansen Reservoir. The combined waters then head into the Hansen Reservoir. Downstream, the Tujunga Wash flows south and halfway to the Los Angeles River, is met by the Pacoima Wash. Tujunga Wash meets the Los Angeles River near Studio City, California.

Apostasy in Islam

Apostasy in Islam is when a follower of Islam tries to change or reject their religion. When someone tries to reject their religion, this is called apostasy. The three traits listed below are what is needed for apostasy to be taken seriously.
This means if a Muslim is a child, insane, or being forced, their action does not count as apostasy.

Most Sunni Islam and the Twelvers Shi'a Islamic schools of thought agree that apostasy is a sin. There is a difference between harmful apostasy and harmless apostasy (also known as major and minor apostasy). According to Wael Hallaq, none of the apostasy laws are based on the Qur'an, although the jurist al-Shafi'i interpreted the Qu'ranic verse 2:217 as proof that apostasy is outlawed. This provided the main evidence for apostasy being a capital crime in Islam. Sharia --Islamic law-- says the punishment for apostasy should be death, but the Qu'ran does not have any instructions for punishing apostasy.

Some Islamic jurists argued or issued fatwas that the changing of religion is not punishable or is only punishable under restricted circumstances. Some groups within Islam, such as the Shi'a Ismaili, reject death for apostasy altogether.


Arroyo Seco

The Arroyo Seco (Spanish for "dry creek") is a stream in Los Angeles County, California. It is a major tributary to the Los Angeles River. The stream begins near Mount Wilson in the San Gabriel Mountains, and flows into a reservoir created by the Devil's Gate Dam. After flowing away from the reservoir, the stream flows in a concrete channel through La Cañada Flintridge on the west and Altadena on the east; then through Pasadena, South Pasadena, and the neighborhoods of Highland Park and Montecito Heights in Los Angeles before flowing into the Los Angeles River at Elysian Park. Its watershed covers 46.7 square miles (121 square kilometers). 

Rio Hondo (California)

The Rio Hondo (Spanish for "deep river") is a river in Los Angeles County, California. Its official beginning is at a reservoir called the Whittier Narrows Reservoir; and it flows southwest to the Los Angeles River. Notably, the Whittier Narrows Reservoir is also fed by the San Gabriel River, and water can be released into either river. Therefore, the watersheds of the Los Angeles River and San Gabriel River are connected by the Rio Hondo. 

Most of the Rio Hondo is lined with concrete, but there are two places the river is free-flowing. These are the "Peck Road Water Conservation Park" and the "Whittier Narrows Recreation Area". Eaton Wash is a tributary to the Rio Hondo.

Sacramento County, California

Sacramento County is a county in the U.S. state of California. It is in the Central Valley, along the Sacramento River. As of 2020, 1,585,055 people lived there. Its county seat is Sacramento, which is also the state capital.

Norman Borlaug

Norman Borlaug (March 25, 1914 – September 12, 2009) was an American scientist. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970. His area of work has been making a larger food supply for the world. He did this by making smaller wheat plants that also were less likely to get diseases. He was born in Cresco, Iowa.

Borlaug died of lymphoma at the age of 95, on September 12, 2009, in his Dallas home.

Leandro de Moratín

Leandro Fernández de Moratín (March 10, 1760, Madrid–June 21, 1828, Paris) was a Spanish dramatist, translator and neoclassical poet. He is the son of Nicolás Fernández de Moratín, who used to be a lawyer and a professor of poetry.

Sporting CP

Sporting Clube de Portugal, commonly called Sporting CP or Sporting is a football club from Lisbon, Portugal. They play in the Primeira Liga, the top division of Portuguese football. They play their home games at the Estádio José Alvalade.




Sacriston

Sacriston is a village in County Durham, England.

Luis de León

Fray Luis de León (born Belmonte, in Cuenca province, of the Castilian region of La Mancha, Spain, in 1527 – 23 August 1591) was a Spanish lyric poet and an Augustinian canon, of the Spanish Golden Age.

Classical conditioning

Classical conditioning (also Pavlovian conditioning) is a type of learning that happens subconsciously. 

Ivan Pavlov (1849-1936) was the first to show the way in which it works. He did this in an experiment using dogs. Pavlov noticed that the dogs naturally salivated when they saw food. This behaviour did not need to be taught. In this example, the food is an "unconditioned" stimulus. He paired this unconditioned stimulus (showing food to the dogs) with another, "neutral" stimulus: the ringing of a bell. Pavlov discovered that, if the two stimuli are presented together again and again, the organism "learns" that they belong together. As a result, it is enough to show the neutral stimulus to get a conditioned response or reflex.

Classical conditioning is an important factor in everyday life. It can be applied in many areas such as behavioural therapies, responses to drugs and in modern day marketing strategies.

Classical conditioning is different from operant conditioning. Operant conditioning is a different kind of learning. It happens when an individual or animal learns a behaviour as a result of a consequence of that behaviour. For example, a child may learn to open a box to get some sweets. So, when a behaviour has a good result, the organism learns to associate the behaviour with this good result. As such, learning the behaviour and repeating it. 

So, operant conditioning explains voluntary changes in behaviour. Classical conditioning explains how reflexes are trained.








The same learning process that develops a conditioned response can be used to teach a new behaviour or change old ones. Some mental health therapies are often linked to classical conditioning. 

Aversion therapy aims to stop a harmful behaviour by replacing a positive response with a negative one. This makes a person associate the harmful behaviour with a bad feeling. For example, a doctor can give a person a medicine that makes them sick (unwell) if they drink alcohol. This person will learn to associate the drinking of alcohol with feeling ill. 

Systematic desensitisation is often used to treat phobias and other anxiety disorders. The person is exposed to what they fear or what causes them to feel anxious. The therapy aims to condition a response of relaxation instead. This is a form of counterconditioning. In time, the feared stimulus produces a conditioned response of relaxation. 

Flooding is similar to desensitisation. This therapy directly exposes the person to their phobias and anxieties. For example, a person who is claustrophobic is locked in a small room for some time. This aims to expose the person to their feared thing in a safe environment and help them overcome their fears.

There are two kinds of conditioned drug responses. 

First, a drug user may become more tolerant to a drug if it is taken in similar surroundings (a similar setting) every time. This is because the familiar setting will bring about a compensatory response. As a result, taking the drug in similar settings will help your body tolerate the drug. Alternatively, taking the drug outside of the regular setting will make it harder (more difficult) for your body to manage its effects. For this reason, overdose is more common when a user takes a drug in a new setting. 

In other cases, the opposite may happen. If a stimulus is present every time a drug is taken, the stimulus alone may produce a conditioned physiological response the same as the effect of the drug. For example, people who drink lots of coffee may experience the feeling of being alert (wide awake) from the "smell" of coffee. So, without drinking coffee, they experience the same effects from only the smell.

Classical conditioning theory is used in the modern day to elicit a certain response. A common example is its use in advertising. Advertisers will attempt to make consumers associate their product with a good feeling or response. For example, beauty adverts will use models with clear skin to advertise their products. This will make people associate the product with smooth, healthy skin.

Other examples of strategies used to make a positive advertisement are using happy music, good-looking models and cute animals and babies.

Bill Dodgin, Sr.

William "Bill" Dodgin (17 April 1909 – 16 October 1999) was an English football player and manager.

Arthur Nikisch

Arthur Nikisch (born Lébény Szent Miklós, Hungary, 12 October 1855; died Leipzig, 23 January 1922) was a Hungarian conductor. He conducted in Germany as well as internationally and was thought of as the greatest conductor of his time.

Arthur Nikisch was born in Hungary (then the Austro-Hungarian Empire). His father was from Moravia, his mother was Hungarian. As a child he showed exceptional musical talent. He learned the piano and the violin and studied at the Vienna Conservatory, where he won prizes for composition and for playing the violin and piano. He was playing the violin in the orchestra when Richard Wagner conducted a concert in Bayreuth to celebrate the beginning of the building of his new theatre: the Bayreuth Festspielhaus. He joined the Vienna Court Orchestra where he played in concerts that were conducted by famous composers such as Brahms, Liszt, Verdi and Wagner. Soon he started his career as conductor in Leipzig. He quickly became internationally famous. In 1889 he was invited to conduct the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He conducted many concerts in the USA. In 1893 he became conductor of the Budapest Opera. Two years later he also became conductor of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra, taking the place of Carl Reinecke. In the same year he also became the main conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic. He remained conductor of these two world famous orchestras until his death.

Nikisch gave concerts all over the world, appearing as guest conductor with great orchestras such as the Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1912 he took the London Symphony Orchestra to the USA, the first European Orchestra to tour there (fortunately they cancelled their booking on the RMS Titanic at the last moment). He conducted at the Leipzig Opera and taught conducting at the Leipzig Conservatory.

Nikisch was famous for his conducting of the great Romantic composers such as Schumann, Brahms, Bruckner, Tchaikovsky and Wagner as well as Beethoven. He had a great influence on the next generation of conductors including Wilhelm Furtwängler and Sir Adrian Boult. He helped composers such as Mahler, Max Reger and Richard Strauss to become famous by performing their music.

Nikisch married the singer Amélie Heusner. Their son Mitja became a successful pianist.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980. 

Compton, California

Compton is a city in Los Angeles County, California. It is southeast of Los Angeles, and is on the west side of the Los Angeles River. One stream that flows through it is called Compton Creek. The city's total land area is 10.2 square miles (26.4 square kilometers).

The city, incorporated in 1888, now has a population of 95,740 (as of 2020). The city was known for having one of the highest crime rates in the United States.

Compton has been experiencing gentrification. Compton now has a large Latino and Mexican population.

Sibi Division

Sibi Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Quetta Division

Quetta Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Zhob Division

Zhob Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Rawalpindi Division

Rawalpindi Division () was one of the administrative subdivisions of the Punjab province of Pakistan, forming part of the third tier of government below the federal and provincial levels. Divisions were composed of districts which formed the fourth tier of government, but the local government reform of 2000 abolished administrative divisions and raised the districts to become the new third tier of government.

Sargodha Division

Sargodha Division () is an administrative division of four districts of the Punjab Province of Pakistan

Before October 1988, divisional system was abolished by the reforms of 2000 the third tier of government.

Faisalabad Division

Faisalabad Division () was an administrative division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. At abolition it contained the following districts: Faisalabad, Toba Tek Singh and Jhang.

Billups Neon Crossing Signal

The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a special signal to warn car and truck drivers that a train was coming. It was placed at a dangerous Illinois Central railroad crossing on Mississippi State Route 7 in Grenada, Mississippi.

It was put up in the mid-1930s by inventor Alonzo Billups. Mr. Billups and the railroad were worried; the crossing had many accidents between trains and motor vehicles. He wanted drivers who were going to cross the tracks to know that a train was coming and he wanted to do it in a very big way. The Billups signal was built like a giant steel gantry which went up and over the entire highway. This is similar to crossing signals used today in North America; Mr. Billups' signal may have been the very first time such a signal was built. A pair of flashing red lights similar to those used today topped giant neon signs on either side of the big gantry. The signs lit up with the words "Stop-DEATH-Stop" along with a neon skull and crossbones. Flashing neon arrows pointed toward the train to tell drivers which way the train was coming. The Billups Neon Crossing Signal even had a special way of warning drivers with sound. Instead of the electric or electronic bells used now, this signal used a very loud air raid siren.

After World War II started, neon became hard to get. The signal had electrical problems as well. Often, the air raid siren would go off even if no train was coming and it wouldn't shut off until the railroad sent a repair crew. No more of these special signals were ever built and the only one ever built was taken down after less than twenty years.


Metacarpal bones

The metacarpus is the intermediate part of the hand skeleton. It is between the phalanges (bones of the fingers) distally and the carpals which form the connection to the forearm. The metacarpus consists of metacarpal bones.

Calcareous sponge

The calcareous sponges of class Calcarea are members of the animal phylum Porifera, the cellular sponges. They are characterized by spicules made out of calcium carbonate.

Typically, the Calcarea are very small, measuring about 7-10 cm (3-4 inches) in height. Of the 15,000 or so species of Porifera that exist, only 400 of those are Calcareans.

Richea

Richea is a genus of shrubs or trees in the family Ericaceae. The number of species is 10—12. The genus is very close with genus "Dracophyllum".

Richea grows in island Tasmania and also in Australia; many species grows in mountains.
It is evergreen plants with the long leaves. Flowers are small; its color is white, yellow, pink or red.

The genus was named in honour of Claude Antoine Gaspard Riche (1762—1797), French botanist.

The most well-known species is "Richea pandanifolia". Its height may be 15 m. The common English name of this plant is "the giant grass tree".

Richea may be an interest plant for gardens.

New Age

The New Age, also called the New Age movement is a kind of spiritual belief and way of life held by some westerners. It is not an organized religion nor a new religious movement (NRM). They believe in religious pluralism - that people are free to decide what they believe and how they use it in their lives. They pick and mix what they believe with bits taken from both eastern and western culture and religions. They make their own decisions about what God is and how they worship God, if they even believe in God at all. New Age people often meditate, sometimes to seek their own contact with God.

Many authors describe how they see the New Age in books. There is also New Age music which tends to be calm and relaxing.

New Age people say a time is coming when people will be more aware of their own special spiritual nature and this will make the world a different and better place. This is sometimes called the Age of Aquarius, hence the name.

Sone Aluko

Omatsone Folarin "Sone" Aluko (born 19 February 1989) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Ipswich Town.

His sister is Eniola. She played for the England women's national team 102 times.

Hull City

Ipswich Town

Individual

Tilia nasczokinii

Tilia nasczokinii (Nasczokin's linden or Nasczokin's lime) is a shrub or tree in the family Malvaceae. The species is rare, and grows in Siberia, Russia. Its habitat is coniferous "Pinus sylvestris" forests. It is deciduous, and grows up to 20 m. high.

The species was named after Vladimir D. Nashchokin (), a Russian botanist.

"Tilia nasczokinii" is a mesophyte, shade-tolerant, entomophylous plant.

Leaves are cordate, ovate, or broadly ovate, their length is 5—15 cm. Inflorescens 1-3-flowered. Flowers are small, white-yellow, their diameter is 0.8—1 cm, stigmata are stellate. Ovary is stripe-hairy. Long hairs and short hairs are in longitudinal, alternating rows. Young ovary with white hairs, mature ovary with rusty hairs. A fruit is flat-spherical.


Chendo

Chendo (born 12 October, 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Madrid and Spain national team.

363||3||52||0||6||0||70||0||491||3
363||3||52||0||6||0||70||0||491||3

!Total||26||0

Manuel Jiménez Jiménez

Manuel Jiménez Jiménez (born 26 January, 1964) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

354||1
354||1

!Total||15||0

Genar Andrinúa

Genar Andrinúa (born 9 May, 1964) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

338||18
338||18

!Total||28||2

Manuel Sanchís Hontiyuelo

Manuel Sanchís Hontiyuelo (born 23 May, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Madrid and Spain national team. His father was Manuel Sanchís Martínez.

524||33
524||33

!Total||48||1

Rafael Martín Vázquez

Rafael Martín Vázquez (born 25 September, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

263||46
52||2
7||1
10||0
5||0
337||49

!Total||38||1

Miguel Pardeza

Miguel Pardeza (born 8 February, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

325||81
32||6
357||87

!Total||5||0

Quique Sánchez Flores

Quique Sánchez Flores (born 2 February 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

344||26
344||26

!Total||15||0

Fernando Gómez Colomer

Fernando Gómez Colomer (born 11 September, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

496||156
19||2
515||158

!Total||8||2

Francisco Villarroya

Francisco Villarroya (born 6 August, 1966) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

295||10
295||10

!Total||14||0

Juan Carlos Ablanedo

Juan Carlos Ablanedo (born 2 September, 1963) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Sporting Gijón and Spain national team.

399||0
399||0

!Total||4||0

Alberto Górriz

Alberto Górriz (born 16 February, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Sociedad and Spain national team.

461||14
461||14

!Total||12||1

Roberto Fernández Bonillo

Roberto Fernández Bonillo (born 5 July 1962) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

Source:
545||101
545||101

Source:
!Total||29||2

Rafael Paz

Rafael Paz (born August 2, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

340||25
14||1
354||26

!Total||7||0

Manolo

Manuel Sánchez Delgado (born 17 January, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

292||97
292||97

!Total||28||9

José Manuel Ochotorena

José Manuel Ochotorena (born 16 January, 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

176||0
176||0

!Total||1||0

Ron McGovney

Ron McGovney (born November 2, 1963) was Metallica's first bassist before Cliff Burton. He was only in the band for one demo recording and then left the band due to personal issues with the other members.

Tyrannosauridae

Tyrannosauridae is a taxonomic family of theropods. These dinosaurs from the Upper Cretaceous have been found only in North America and Asia. They lived in the later part of the period, 88 to 65 million years ago.


Kyle Martino

Kyle Martino (born February 19, 1981 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a former American soccer player who played for the Columbus Crew and the Los Angeles Galaxy.

Columbus Crew

Individual

US Airways Flight 1549

US Airways Flight 1549 was an airplane flight that landed in the Hudson River in New York City on January 15, 2009. The plane was on a commercial flight with 155 people on board and had left LaGuardia Airport six minutes earlier, but it had to land after a flock of birds hit its engines. The event was remarkable because no one died. Because of this, the event was called the Miracle on the Hudson. In 2016, a movie was made recreating the crash. The movie is named "Sully", after the plane's main pilot Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger.

The plane took off from LaGuardia Airport at 3:26 pm. It was going to fly to Charlotte, North Carolina, and then it would fly onwards to Seattle, Washington state. Two minutes after the plane left the ground, it flew into a flock of Canada geese. Some of the geese were sucked into the plane's two engines. Both engines stopped working. The pilots, Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Skiles realized that they needed to land the plane as soon as possible. They thought about heading back to LaGuardia Airport or trying to land at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey. They decided that they could not land at an airport and instead, they would have to land the plane in the river. This was also dangerous for two reasons. Firstly, the plane would break apart if it hit the water too quickly or if it hit something else. Secondly, the passengers would drown if they were not rescued quickly, as it would be hard to swim in the cold river.

The pilots landed the plane in the river at 3:31 pm. Unfortunately, because a passenger opened a rear emergency exit door, the plane started to slowly fill with water and sink. The passengers climbed out onto the wings and life rafts of the plane. Sullenberger had landed the plane near some boats, and the first boats reached the plane a few minutes after the landing. The boats rescued the passengers and crew. By 3:55 pm, everyone had been rescued. They were taken to both sides of the river. 24 passengers and two rescuers had to go to a hospital, but most of them left the hospital before the end of the day.

The National Transportation Safety Board investigated the event. In May 2010, they released a report which said that Sullenberger had made the right decision. The plane is now on display in the Sullenberger Aviation Museum in Charlotte.

Drum and bass

Drum and bass (also known as D&B or DnB) is a form of electronic dance music. It began in the 1990s in the United Kingdom.

It usually has a certain tempo and heavy bass. Disc jockeys sometimes play this music.



John F. Kennedy International Airport

John F. Kennedy International Airport is an international airport. It is on Long Island, in Queens County, New York in southeastern New York City about 12 miles (19 km) from Lower Manhattan. More people who fly into or out of the United States fly though this airport than any other. Also, the most air cargo is brought into or out of the United States through this airport.

The airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which also runs the two other major airports in the New York area, Newark Liberty International Airport and LaGuardia Airport. JFK airport is the base of operations for JetBlue Airways. It is also a major international airline hub for Delta Air Lines and American Airlines. Ninety airlines operate out of JFK.

Otto Klemperer

Otto Klemperer (born Breslau, 14 May 1885; died Zürich, 6 July 1973) was a German-born conductor and composer. He is thought of as one of the greatest conductors of the 20th century.

Klemperer was born in Breslau, Silesia, which was then in Germany, but is now called Wrocław in Poland. He was born into a Jewish family. He studied music at the Conservatory in Frankfurt am Main, and then went to Berlin where he studied conducting and composition with Hans Pfitzner. In 1905 he met Gustav Mahler who was very impressed with him. 

He recommended him for the job of conductor at the German Opera in Prague. He soon got jobs in other places: Hamburg, Barmen, Strasbourg, Cologne and Wiesbaden. He was offered a job at the Berlin Staatsoper, but he did not want it because he thought he would not be able to do things there the way he wanted. However, four years later, in 1927, he took a job with a special branch of the Staatsoper which had been started in order to perform new music in modern (non-traditional) performances. They played in the Kroll Theatre. Klemperer became very famous for the performances that he conducted there.

The Kroll Theatre had been started by politicians who supported the Weimar Republic. They wanted opera to be different from the traditional operas that were performed in the Theatre Unter den Linden supported by the monarchy. The operas that Klemperer conducted there included Leoš Janáček's "From the House of the Dead", Arnold Schönberg's "Erwartung", Igor Stravinsky's "Oedipus Rex", and Paul Hindemith's "Cardillac".

By 1931 the political situation had changed and the Kroll Opera was shut down. By 1933 the Nazis had gained power and Klemperer left Germany and went to the United States where he took U.S. nationality. He became conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra (1933-39) and also conducted the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Pittsburg Orchestra. However he was not happy in the United States where the musical culture and music critics were largely out of sympathy with his Weimar modernism and he felt he was not properly valued. He hoped for a permanent position as lead conductor in New York or Philadelphia. But in 1936 he was passed over in both - first in Philadelphia, where Eugene Ormandy succeeded Stokowski at the Philadelphia Orchestra, and then in New York, where Toscanini's departure left a vacancy at the New York Philharmonic but John Barbirolli and Artur Rodzinski were engaged in preference to Klemperer. The New York decision was particularly galling, as Klemperer had been engaged to conduct the first fourteen weeks of the New York Philharmonic's 1935-6 season. Klemperer's bitterness at this decision was voiced in a letter he wrote to Arthur Judson, who ran the orchestra: "that the society did not re-engage me is the strongest offense, the sharpest insult to me as artist, which I can imagine. You see, I am no youngster. I have a name and a good name. One could not use me in a most difficult season and then expel me. This non-reengagement will have very bad results not only for me in New York but in the whole world... This non-reengagement is an absolutely unjustified wrong done to me by the Philharmonic Society."

In 1939 he had a serious illness and was operated on for a brain tumour. For some time he was not well enough to work. Then from 1947 to 1950 he returned to Europe to conduct the Budapest Opera. In the early 1950s Klemperer experienced difficulties arising from his U.S. citizenship. American union policies made it difficult for him to record in Europe, while his left wing views made him increasingly unpopular with the State Department and FBI. In 1952 the United States refused to renew his passport.

In 1954 Klemperer again returned to Europe, becoming conductor of the Philharmonia Orchestra in London. He took German nationality. By this time Furtwängler was dead and Toscanini had retired, so Klemperer was thought of as the greatest conductor of German music. He was given a recording contract by EMI. His concerts and many recordings with the Philharmonia brought him world-wide recognition. He lived in Switzerland but spent much time in London conducting.

Klemperer became an Israeli citizen in 1970. He retired from conducting in 1971 and died in Zürich in 1973, aged 88. He was buried at Jewish Cemetery Oberer Friesenberg in Zurich.

Klemperer’s performances that we have on record show us that he was a musician who understood the shape of a musical work perfectly. He often chose slow speeds, but the music could sound very heroic. His health problems included manic depression which made him sometimes very difficult to work with. He also had a bad fall in Montreal. From then onwards he always had to sit down to conduct. He also burnt himself badly because he was smoking in bed, and he tried to put out the flames with a glass of whisky which made the fire worse.

Klemperer is less well known as a composer, but he wrote a number of works, although he hardly ever performed them and most of them are now forgotten.


Stamford Hill railway station

Stamford Hill railway station is in Travelcard Zone 3, on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines. The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by London Overground. The entrance hall of the station on Amhurst Park is in the London Borough of Hackney, but the platform area is in Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey in north east London.

Aum Shinrikyo

Aum Shinrikyo is a Japanese cult movement founded by Shoko Asahara which carried out a terrorist attack on a Tokyo subway in 1995. Although it claims to be a new religious movement, several governments regard it as a terrorist movement.

Aum members used a poisonous gas called Sarin for their attack. In five attacks, they released sarin on several lines of the Tokyo subway. This killed thirteen people, and severely injured fifty. It caused temporary vision problems for nearly a thousand others. 

After the event, the movement renamed itself "Aleph". Aum Shinrikyo had been formally designated a terrorist organization by several entities, including Canada, and the United States. 

On 10 October 1995, Aum Shinrikyo was ordered to be stripped of its official status as a "religious legal entity" and was declared bankrupt in early 1996. However the group continues to operate under the constitutional guarantee of freedom of religion. It is funded by a successful computer business and donations, and is kept under strict surveillance. Attempts to ban the group altogether under the 1952 Subversive Activities Prevention Law were rejected by the Public Security Examination Commission in January 1997.

In April 2011 the Public Security Intelligence Agency stated that Aum currently had about 1,500 members. At the end of July 2011 the cult reported its membership as 1,030. The group was reportedly active in trying to recruit new members among Japan's youth via social media websites and proselytizing on college campuses.

Elysian Valley, Los Angeles

Elysian Valley is a neighborhood of the city of Los Angeles, California. It was originally called "Gopher Flats" when it was first built. Today, it is sometimes known as "Frogtown" for the many frogs that come in from the nearby Los Angeles River. There are also neighborhoods in Los Angeles called Elysian Park and Elysian Heights. They are separated from Elysian Valley by Interstate 5

Glen Canyon

Glen Canyon is a canyon that runs from Utah to Arizona, in the United States. It was carved by the Colorado River, which flows to the Pacific Ocean many miles away. Most of it is flooded by Lake Powell, created by the Glen Canyon Dam. The reservoir is highly controversial, and in recent years many environmentalism groups have called for its removal.


Woodstock, Ontario

The community was first settled in 1800 after it was determined by Sir John Graves Simcoe, governor of what was then known as Upper Canada, that the area would make a good townsite. The early settlers were American immigrants from New York state. Increased immigration from Great Britain followed in the 1820s and 1830s. Woodstock was incorporated as a town in 1851 and a city in 1901.

Vansittart Avenue (named after Admiral Henry Vansittart, an early settler) in Woodstock's west end has one of the finest residential Victorian streetscapes in the province. Woodstock has a community center that hosts hockey games in addition to many social gatherings.

The city government, Woodstock City Council, consists of four city councillors and two city and county councillors. Trevor Birtch is the current mayor, following a hard-fought and demanding campaign. Oxford Centre is the district in which Woodstock is included when voting in federal elections. Currently, the MP of Oxford is Dave MacKenzie (of the Conservative party).

On August 7, 1979, the Woodstock area was hit by three tornadoes, two of which registered at least F4 on the Fujita Scale. On the west side of town along Ingersoll Road, a Dominion Food Store was heavily damaged while the tornadoes skipped over every other home and business. Dickson's Florist was wiped out and the Fry home was moved on its foundation. Father Grondziel of the new Polish Roman Catholic Church, next to the Dominion Food Store, had just stepped into the washroom when one of the tornadoes passed by and took off the roof of the church and everything in the room he had just been in. No one on the street was injured and the cleanup took many weeks. On the south side, the buildings of the Maranatha Christian Reformed Church and the John Knox Christian School were destroyed, and the only fatality occurred when a vehicle on Highway 401 was blown off the road and the lone occupant killed.

One of Woodstock's most notable historic sites is Old St. Paul's Church, the mother church of the Anglican Communion in Oxford County. The church was built in 1834. It is near the intersection of Huron and Dundas Streets. It used as a temporary jail during the rebellion of 1837. The church is a beautiful, brick cruciform structure surrounded by Woodstock's oldest cemetery. It has original box pews and dozens of memorial tablets commemorating prominent Woodstock citizens.

The "Springbank Snow Countess" was commemorated by a life-size statue (designed by acclaimed Oxford County agricultural artist Ross Butler) which is on the corner of Dundas and Springbank.

This bell iron and lead statue was made to honour a record-setting milk production by a Holstein (Friesian) cow named Snow Countess.

The statue was first unveiled on August 4, 1937 by the Holstein Frisian Association of Canada. Snow Countess was born on November 18, 1919 and died at age 16 on August 9, 1936. During her lifetime, she produced 9,062 pounds of butterfat, impressive at the time. The statue and granite base cost $4,000 to design and erect.

The cow has become an important symbol to Woodstock and is used in many cultural events, such as the annual Cowapalooza Festival.

Construction on the dam was started in 1964. If was completed in 1967. The cost of the dam and land at that time was close to $6 million. Present annual maintenance costs are about $40,000.

The Pittock Dam is designed for both flood control and flow augmentation purposes. It is designed to benefit water quality downstream during dry summer conditions and provide year-round flood control capability to protect downstream communities.

The Woodstock Airport is west of Woodstock.

In June 2005, Toyota, the world's second largest automaker, announced plans to build a new, $800 million automobile assembly plant in Woodstock on a undeveloped undeveloped site in the city's northeast end. The plant was expected to employ 2000 people and begin full production of the Toyota RAV4 SUV in November 2008, at the rate of 150,000 a year. However, due to the recent economic problems and the slowing car sales, Toyota announced that production would be cut by 50% to 75,000 a year and the work force shrunk 40% to 1200 people. Fortunately the other 800 workers are expected to be recalled when car sales increase. It was the first new auto assembly plant to be built in Canada in two decades.

Late in 2008, the plant began producing vehicles, and on December 4, a ceremony attended by Ontario and federal government representatives as well as top Toyota executives, took place to celebrate its official opening.

Early in March 2006, Hino Motors, a Toyota Motor Co. subsidiary, announced that it will be the first Japanese truck manufacturer to build its vehicles in Canada with a new Woodstock plant slated to begin production in April 2006, in the former General Seating plant in the Pattullo Ridge Business Park near Highway 401 and Highway 59.

The $3 million, 120,000 square foot (11,000 m²) plant will employ 45 and assemble 2,000 trucks a year when it begins production.

In late November 2008 the Hino Motors automotive plant was completed.

Other Major Industries in Woodstock include:
Vuteq Canada Inc (automotive parts supplier)
Firestone Textiles
CBM (Concrete)
Toyota Boshuko
General Motors (national parts distribution center)
RWF Braun (Heavy Equipment)
Standard Tube

A major Canadian piano and organ and reed organ company operated under the name of Woodstock Organ Company for many years of the early twentieth century. It was owned by D W Karn, who was at one time mayor of Woodstock. Karn had previously operated an organ and piano manufacturing company under his own name.

Woodstock has one daily newspaper owned by Sun Media Corporation, the "Woodstock Sentinel-Review".

There are three licensed FM radio stations:

The city also has a rebroadcaster of Toronto television station Citytv, operating on channel 31 and primarily targeting London and surrounding towns.

Intercity transportation includes a VIA Rail train station and a Greyhound Lines of Canada intercity bus depot.

Local public transit service is available daily except Sunday on six routes. No service is provided after 18:30.

Provincial Highway 401 is at the south and east edges of the city, with the junction of Highway 403 east of the urban area. Many Oxford County highways and other roads radiate from Woodstock.



Nortel

Nortel was a large Canadian telecommunications company and one of the oldest technology companies. It was founded in Montreal. The company started making phones in 1895, and the company was called Northern Electric and Manufacturing Company.

At the end of the 20th century Nortel had over ninety thousand employees. Nortel's value formed thirty percent of the capital of the Toronto Stock Exchange.

Nortel filed for bankruptcy in 2009. In 2020, the Vancouver Sun speculated that corporate espionage by Huawei caused Nortel’s failure. 


North Magnetic Pole

The North Magnetic Pole is one of two places on the Earth where its magnetic field points vertically downwards. The other is the South Magnetic Pole.

At any other place on earth, the magnetic field points to the North Magnetic Pole. This is why a compass works to find where north is.

The North Magnetic Pole is not identical to the North Pole, which is the geographic north pole. It wanders slowly. In 2001, a team of scientists estimated that the North Magnetic Pole is near Ellesmere Island in northern Canada at . It was estimated to be at in 2005. As of 2015, the pole is thought to have moved east beyond the Canadian Arctic territorial claim to .

Because the North Magnetic Pole is different from the North Pole, a compass does not always point straight north. But usually the difference is small.

Because the Earth's magnetic field is not symmetrical, the South Magnetic Pole is not directly opposite. A line drawn from one to the other does not pass through the centre of the Earth. 


Upper Canada College

Upper Canada College (UCC) is a private lower grades and high school for boys in Toronto, Canada. Students between senior kindergarten and grade twelve study under the International Baccalaureate program.

Founded in 1829, UCC is the oldest independent school in the province of Ontario, and the third oldest in the country. It is described as a prestigious preparatory school in Canada, having many of Canada's prominent graduates. Modelled on the British public school system, throughout the first part of its history the college both influenced and was influenced by government. It has maintained a good reputation from its founding.

Today, UCC is fully independent and the students and faculty are more diverse in terms of cultural and economic backgrounds. A link to the Royal Family is maintained through Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, who is the college's Official Visitor, and a member of the Board of Governors.


First Canadian Place

First Canadian Place is a skyscraper in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. At 298 metres, or 978 feet (355 metres with antenna included), it is Canada's tallest skyscraper and the eleventh tallest building in North America. It is the third tallest free-standing structure in Canada, after CN Tower, also in Toronto, and the Inco Superstack in Sudbury, Ontario.

First Canadian Place is located in Toronto's financial district at the northwest corner of King and Bay streets, the centre of Canadian financial industry. It is home to the Toronto headquarters of the Bank of Montreal, the oldest Canadian bank (hence the 'first').

Communications Security Establishment

The Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSEC or CSE) (French: Centre de la sécurité des télécommunications Canada) (CSTC or CST) is the Canadian government's national signals intelligence agency. It is under the command of the Department of National Defence (DND), it keeps track of foreign signals intelligence (SIGINT), and protecting Canadian government electronic information and communication networks. The CSEC is reports to the Minister of National Defence through two deputy ministers, one of whom is responsible for Administration, the other Policy and Operations. The CSEC was created in 1946, as the Communications Branch of the National Research Council. It became part of the DND in 1975. The CSEC is a very secret organization, and were only revealed when the CBC did a report on them. People were amazed that the CSEC existed. CSEC is part of ECHELON, and works with agencies from the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and the United States.


Government Communications Headquarters

The Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) is a British intelligence agency. Its work continues that of the Bletchley Park team.

GCHQ collects, analyses and passes on signals from many parts of the world. This is called "signals intelligence" (SIGINT). It would include all forms of free-to-air signals plus many interceptions of covert communication. Computers scan the signals for key words of phrases, and flag any which contain key words.

The second job of GCHQ is to crack the cyphers (codes) of sources it is interested in. It is this part of the work which Bletchley Park used to do. It also arranges for our own secret transmissions to be coded securely. This is the world of cryptography, ways and means of getting into other people's secrets, and keeping our secrets secure. This is done by CESG (Communications-Electronics Security Group).

As an organisation, GCHQ is under the guidance of the Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC). GCHQ was started after the First World War as the Government Code and Cypher School (GCCS or GC&CS), by which name it was known until 1946. As part of ECHELON, it works with Intelligence agencies from other allied countries.

Canadian Armed Forces

The Canadian Forces (CF) (French: Forces canadiennes; FC), is the army, air force, and navy of Canada, commanded by a single structure, unlike the United States. 

Under the National Defence Act, "The Canadian Forces are the armed forces of Her Majesty raised by Canada and consist of one Service called the Canadian Armed Forces." The Commander in Chief of the Canadian Forces is the Head of State of Canada, Queen Elizabeth II, represented by the Governor General of Canada, Mary May Simon. The Chief of the Defence Staff (or CDS), the senior professional member of the service, is General Thomas J. Lawson. The CDS answers to a politician, the Minister of National Defence, who is currently of the Liberal Party. 

The Canadian Forces is composed of 67,000 personnel (soldiers, sailors, and airmen/airwomen). Every unit accepts male and female soldiers, if they qualify for the position. The CF is divided into seven main branches, which are called "commands". 
The Environmental branches (called Commands) are mainly administrative structures. They manage the personnel, the equipment and the facilities, but not the operations. There are three commands in the Canadian Forces, because there are no Marines. All the commands work very closely with each other, for example, the Air Force provides helicopters to the Navy and the Army. These commands also each have a reserve element, made of part-time employees.
Land Forces Command (LFCOM) is the first branch of the Canadian Forces. This is the Canadian Army and the largest branch of the CF. It uses tanks and other armoured vehicles, such as the LAV III, as well as artillery, engineering vehicles, and a variety of weapons, such as the Colt Canada C7 rifle.

Maritime Command (MARCOM) is the second branch of the Canadian Forces. This is the navy of Canada. It has 33 active warships including submarines, frigates and destroyers. 
Air Command (AIRCOM) is the Air Force and third branch of the Canadian Forces. It operates a variety of helicopters and airplanes to support the army and the navy, and also has CF-18 fighters.

The Operational commands are responsible for specific types of operations or for conducting exercises or deployments. There are four operational commands.
The CANSOFCOM is responsible for providing special forces and asymmetric warfare capabilities to Canada. It is the smallest command of the Canadian Forces, and is composed of four joint units that do not answer to either the Army, Navy or Air Force. These units are the Joint Task Force 2, the Canadian Special Operations Regiment, the 427th Special Aviation Squadron and the Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit (CBRN).
This is the command responsible for managing foreign operations and deployments outside of Canada, such as Canada's contribution to the War in Afghanistan. 
Canada Command works with the United States Northern Command to ensure national security and the defence of the North American continent. CANCOM also is responsible for emergency management, such as when the Army is needed to respond to disasters in Canada.
This command is responsible for supporting all the other commands with things such as logistics, engineering, health services, and the military police.

From the second half of the 20th century, the defence policy of Canada is made of these objectives : 

During the Cold War, a major focus of the Canadian Forces was helping with the defence of Europe against the threat posed by the Soviet Union. Some Canadian soldiers lived in Europe during that time.

Today, the Canadian Forces goals are based on the Canada First Defence Strategy, introduced by the conservative government of Stephen Harper. The new goals and objectives are being able to do the following : 

Canadian Security Intelligence Service

The Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) (French: Service Canadien du renseignement de sécurité) (SCRS) is the main intelligence agency of the Canadian government. It is responsible for collecting, analyzing and reporting intelligence on threats to Canada's national security, and conducting operations, covert and overt, within Canada and abroad.

Its headquarters are located at 1941 Ogilvie Road, in Ottawa, Ontario, in a purpose-built facility completed in 1995. CSIS (pronounced /ˈsiːsɪs/) is responsible to Parliament through the Minister of Public Safety, but is also overseen by the Federal Court system, the Inspector General of Canada, and the Security Intelligence Review Committee.

CSIS is a spy agency, similar to the CIA in the United States.

Tomás Reñones

Tomás Reñones (born 9 August, 1960) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

367||2
367||2

!Total||19||0

Antonio Maceda

Antonio Maceda (born 16 May, 1957) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

223||24
223||24

!Total||36||8

Víctor Muñoz

Víctor Muñoz (born 15 March, 1957) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

354||26
48||2
18||1
420||29

!Total||60||3

Rafael Gordillo

Rafael Gordillo (born 24 February, 1957) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

543||53
543||53

!Total||75||3

Juan Antonio Señor

Juan Antonio Señor (born 26 August, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

304||54
304||54

!Total||23||2

Francisco José Carrasco

Francisco José Carrasco (born 6 March, 1959) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

262||49
71||2
333||51

!Total||35||5

Julio Alberto Moreno

Julio Alberto Moreno (born 7 October, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

268||11
268||11

!Total||34||0

Quique Setién

Quique Setién (born 27 September, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team. He has been the manager of the C.D. Lugo since 2009.

444||80
444||80

!Total||3||0

Javier Urruticoechea

Javier Urruticoechea (born 17 November, 1952) used to be a Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

306||0
306||0

!Total||5||0

Ricardo Gallego

Ricardo Gallego (born 8 February, 1959) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

249||23
30||2
279||25

!Total||42||2

Hipólito Rincón

Hipólito Rincón (born 28 April, 1957) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

239||81
239||81

!Total||22||10

Francisco López Alfaro

Francisco López Alfaro (born 1 November 1962) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

465||47
465||47
!Total||20||1

Ramon Maria Calderé

Ramon Maria Calderé (born 16 January, 1959) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

142||16
142||16

!Total||18||7

Eloy

Eloy (born 10 July, 1964) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

429||76
429||76

!Total||15||4

Miguel Muñoz

Miguel Muñoz (19 January 1922 – 16 July 1990) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

!Total||7||0

Runes

Runes are very old letters which Germanic people used before they started using Latin letters in the Middle Ages. In its broadest sense, the word "runes" can mean any cryptic letters, but it usually means the alphabets used by Scandinavian people from about the year 150 CE to the Middle Ages. The oldest of these is called the "Elder Fuþark", used from about 150 to 800 CE. Around the year 800 the runes changed into the "Younger Fuþark", and these were used until about 1100, when the Latin alphabet replaced them. The Anglo-Saxon runes were used about the same time (400-1100) in Britain. The Scandinavian runes are called "Fuþark" because the first six letters in the runic alphabet are ᚠ ᚢ ᚦ ᚨ ᚱ ᚲ (F U Þ A R K). The Anglo-Saxon runes are called "Fuþorc" because they are a little different.

Runes are found carved into stones (called runestones) in many places in Scandinavia (Denmark, Norway and Sweden), and in the British Isles, Iceland, Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Frisia. Runes have been used for writing poems and eulogies, and they are still sometimes used to write ciphers. Runes were also used by J. R. R. Tolkien in his fantasy works, which were based on Germanic mythology. Because of their association with Germanic mythology, runes were also used by the Nazis to support a new mysticism and a romantic sense of Germanic heritage. The rune ᚦ survived into the Middle Ages in the English language and to modern times in Icelandic as the letter þ (pronounced "th" as in "thing"). After the Norman conquest, this letter was replaced by the letters "th" because it was unknown to the French-speaking Normans. Similarly, the letter ð (pronounced "th" as in "this") was used in Old English and is still used in Icelandic, but it is from Irish, not from the runes.

When the runes were first used, the Germanic languages were not yet split into their modern branches; there was only one unified language (called "Proto-Germanic") with many regional dialects. Each rune had a name, like our modern letters have names, but these very old names are no longer known. By their association with later letters, the old names of the runes have been reconstructed. The [*] before a rune's Proto-Germanic name means this is a reconstructed name. Not all runes were drawn the same way, however, and some of the runes and their names were different in some places.

Janko Prunk

Janko Prunk (), (born December 30, 1942) is a Slovenian historian of modern history. He has published articles and monographs on analytical politology, modern history, the genesis of modern political formations, and the history of social and political philosophy in Slovenia. He has also written on the history of political movements in Slovenia from the end of the 19th century until World War II, especially about Slovene Christian socialism and the history of Slovenian national questions.

Prunk was born in the small village of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu near the town of Sevnica in central Slovenia, in what was then the German-occupied Lower Styria. He graduated from University of Ljubljana in 1966 and obtained his master's degree there in 1972. He obtained his PhD in 1976 with thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People, which at the time was a somehow problematic topic. In 1984 and 1988, he was awarded scholarships by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, which let him to continue his studies in Cologne and Freiburg. Later, he worked as a researcher at the University of Freiburg. From 1966 to 1995, he collaborated with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana. He worked as professor at the Faculty for Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana.

He has written on politology, modern history, modern political formations, and the history of social and political thought in Slovenia. He has also written on the history of political movements in Slovenia from the end of 19th century until World War II, especially with Slovene Christian socialism and the history of Slovenian national questions.

Prunk is a member of Leibniz Institute of European History in Mainz, and a senior member of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.

Prunk has been actively involved in politics. As an early admirer of Jože Pučnik, he joined the Slovenian Social Democratic Union after the democratization of Slovenia. He was an active member of the Slovenian Democratic Party (known as Slovenian Social Democratic Party between 1989 and 2003). Between 1992 and 1993, he served as Minister for Slovenes outside Slovenia in the first coalition cabinet of Janez Drnovšek. Between 2004 and 2008, he served as chairman of the Party's internal Committee for Education Policies; he quit for disagreements over the Government policy favouring private universities. He became very critical of the then prime minister Janez Janša, whom he accused of being a "liberal with an authoritative touch" who aspires at becoming a "Slovenian Piłsudski".

From 1992 to 1993, he was the Minister without portfolio for Slovenes abroad in Slovenia in the centre-left government of Janez Drnovšek. In 2005, he was appointed by the Foreign Minister Dimitrij Rupel as president of the Slovene-Croatian Historical Commission, formed by the governments of the two countries to shed light on the history of the relations between the two nations.


Prunk has written over 500 specialized articles and books. His book "A brief history of Slovenia: Historical background of the Republic of Slovenia" is one of the basic full works on modern Slovenian history.

Washington and Lee University

Washington and Lee University is a private liberal arts college in Lexington, Virginia, United States.

Mojibake

Before Unicode was introduced, other character encodings were used. As an example, ISO-8859 contains 15 different encodings. These are the same for the characters commonly used in English. They have several "blocks" of "special characters", which are filed differently for each encoding. 

Mojibake is a Japanese word. The word 文字化け () is composed of two parts. 文字 ("moji") means "letter", "character". 化け ("bake"), from the verb 化ける ("bakeru"), means "to appear in disguise, to take the form of, to change for the worse". Literally, it means "character mutation".

Chauffeur

A chauffeur is a person who drives a vehicle (car) as their job. The word can be used for anybody who drives as their job. Usually, it implies a driver of an elegant passenger vehicle (for example, a horse-drawn carriage, luxury sedan, motor coach, or especially a limousine). People who drive taxis, buses or non-passenger vehicles are generally referred to as "drivers" (as in "bus drivers" and "truck drivers").

Mauro Maur

Mauro Maur (born August 9, 1958) is an Italian trumpeter and composer.

 Knight: "Cavaliere Ordine al Merito della Repubblica Italiana": 2008



Visual cortex

The visual cortex is a part of the brain that allows vision. It is relatively thin – between 1.5mm and 2mm in humans. In monkeys and apes the visual cortex takes up much of their brain. Physically, the visual cortex is at the back of the brain in the occipital lobe.

David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel did research on the visual cortex for many years. They won the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discoveries about information processing in the visual system.

Research on the primary visual cortex can involve recording action potentials from electrodes within the brain of cats, ferrets, rats, mice, or monkeys. Alternatively, signals can be recorded outside the animal by EEG, MEG, or fMRI. These techniques gather information without invading the brain.

The primary visual cortex (V1) is the best studied visual area in the brain. This is where the messages arrive from the lateral geniculate nuclei, which are relay stations for information from the retina. Each lateral geniculate nucleus gets signals from the "opposite" visual field.

Each V1 sends information to two primary pathways, called the ventral stream and the dorsal stream.



Driver's license

A driver's license, driver license, driver licence, or driving licence is an official document which states that a person may drive a motorized vehicle, such as a motorcycle, car, truck, or a bus.

In 1888, Karl Benz, the inventor of the modern car, got a written ""Genehmigung"" (permit) from Grand Ducal authorities to use his car on public roads because people would complain about the noise and smell of his "Motorwagen". Up until the start of the 20th century, European authorities would give permits like these to drive vehicles if they needed to. Sometimes, they just did not. 

Different countries have different laws as to whether or not a person can have a driver's license. In some places, a person must pass a driving test before he or she is given a driver's license, while in other places, a driving license is given before the person starts driving.

In Victoria, Australia (for example), to get a driving licence a person must:

There are payments to be given to do the driving tests, and if successful, there are more fees to be paid for the licence. Many people get a learner's permit before getting a license. The first licence may be a Provisional Licence, which has certain limitations on what a driver can do. After four years, the driver will qualify for a full, minimum licence. If the partaker is under-aged, but passed the leaner's permit, they would have to wait 8 months to get a professional driver's license.

In 1901, California laws authorized all cities and counties to give licenses for bicycles, tricycles, automobiles, horse carriages, and similar wheeled vehicles.

Asda

Asda Stores Ltd. is a British supermarket chain. It sells food, clothing, toys and general merchandise at a very cheap price. It became a subsidiary of the American retail giant Walmart, the world’s largest store, in 1999. It was the second largest chain in the UK until 2014. It is now the third biggest in the UK.

Neofelis

The genus Neofelis contains two species, the clouded leopard ("N. nebulosa") and the Sunda clouded leopard ("N. diardi"). 

San Gabriel Mountains

The San Gabriel Mountains are a mountain range in southern California, in the United States. They are in both Los Angeles County and San Bernardino County. Mount San Antonio is the highest point in the mountains range, standing 10,064 feet (3,067 m) tall. The mountains separate the basin of Los Angeles in the south from the Mojave Desert in the north. The San Gabriel River and Los Angeles River are the major rivers that receive water from the mountains. California State Route 2 is the major highway that runs through the San Gabriel Mountains.

Acryl

Acryl is a name for a number of chemical compounds that have an acrylic group, or of polymers of these compounds. Especially esters of acrylic acid are used to help make certain dyes and paints or as adhesives.

In organic chemistry, the acryloyl group is the functional group with structure HC=CH–C(=O)–; it is the acyl group derived from acrylic acid. The preferred IUPAC name for the group is prop-2-enoyl. It is also (less correctly) known as acrylyl or simply acryl. Compounds containing an acryloyl group can be referred to as "acrylic compounds".

An acrylic compound is typically an α,β-unsaturated carbonyl compound: it contains a carbon–carbon double bond and a carbon–oxygen double bond, separated by a carbon–carbon single bond. It has therefore the properties characteristic for both functional groups : 

In addition, since both double bonds are separated by a single C–C bond, the double bonds are conjugated.

Kirriemuir

Kirriemuir is a small town in the northeast of Scotland. It is "famous" for Kirriemuir Gingerbread cake, the birthplace of J. M. Barrie and Bon Scott, lead singer of AC/DC.

It has an ice cream shop called Visochi's, famous for cooking its fry ups using a toastie maker.

The Lizzie McGuire Movie

The Lizzie McGuire Movie is a 2003 comedy movie based on the Disney Channel series Lizzie McGuire.

Lizzie and her class travel to Rome. There Lizzie meets at the Trevi Fountain Paolo Valisari, an Italian singer. He tells Lizzie that he should sing with Isabella Parigi, a popular singer. But Isabella don't wants to sing with him, so he asks Lizzie to sing playback for her. Lizzie looks exactly like Isabella, only the hair is different. She says yes. At the airport Gordo meets the real Isabella, she knows Paolo's plan: He doesn't want to use Lizzie's playback so it will seem like Isabella can't sing. In the end Isabella came and sang for Lizzie, and Lizzie sang, too. Lizzie is a good singer, but Paolo is a bad singer, he always sings playback.


Luis Arconada

Luis Arconada (born 26 June, 1954) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Sociedad and Spain national team.

414||0
414||0

!Total||68||0

Miguel Ángel Alonso

Miguel Ángel Alonso (born 1 February, 1953) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

204||29
204||29

!Total||20||0

Miguel Tendillo

Miguel Tendillo (born 1 February, 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

371||28
371||28

!Total||27||1

José Ramón Alexanko

José Ramón Alexanko (born 19 May 1956) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

467||43
467||43

!Total||34||4

Juan Gómez González

Juan Gómez González (born 10 November, 1954) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

459||124
459||124

!Total||34||8

Joaquín Alonso

Joaquín Alonso (born 9 June, 1956) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Sporting Gijón and Spain national team.

479||65
479||65

!Total||18||1

Jesús María Satrústegui

Jesús María Satrústegui (born 12 January, 1954) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Sociedad and Spain national team.

287||133
287||133

!Total||32||8

Jesús María Zamora

Jesús María Zamora (born 1 January, 1955) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Sociedad and Spain national team.

445||73
445||73
!Total||30||3

Roberto López Ufarte

Roberto López Ufarte (born 19 April, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

418||112
418||112

!Total||15||5

Santiago Urquiaga

Santiago Urquiaga (born 14 April, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

299||3
299||3

!Total||14||0

Manuel Jiménez Abalo

Manuel Jiménez Abalo (born 27 October, 1956) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

458||8
458||8

!Total||1||0

Enrique Saura

Enrique Saura (born 2 August, 1954) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

341||41
341||41

!Total||23||4

José Vicente Sánchez

José Vicente Sánchez (born 8 October, 1956) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

293||15
293||15

!Total||14||0

Pedro Uralde

Pedro Uralde (born 2 March, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

369||127
369||127

!Total||3||0

Santillana

Santillana (real name: Carlos Alonso González) (born 23 August, 1952) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

461||186
461||186

!Total||56||15

Quini

Quini (23 September 1949 – 27 February 2018) was a former Spanish football player. He played for Spain national team.

On 29 April 2016, the Town Hall of Gijón named Quini adoptive son of the city.

On 27 February 2018, Quini died at the age of 68 after suffering a heart attack.

486||246
486||246

!Total||35||8

Miguel Ángel González

Miguel Ángel González Suárez (born 24 December, 1947 in Ourense, Spain) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

247||0
247||0

!Total||18||0

José Santamaría

José Santamaría (born 31 July, 1929) is a former football player. He has played for Uruguay national team and Spain national team.

226||2
226||2

!Total||20||0

!Total||16||0

Kirchberg, Saxony

Kirchberg is a town in the rural district of Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. It is located around 10 km south of Zwickau.

Meerane

Meerane is a town in the rural distinct of Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. It is about north to Zwickau and south to Altenburg.

Peter Fox (musician)

Peter Fox (born September 3, 1971 in Berlin) is a German Reggae- and Hip-Hop-musician. 





True parrots

The true parrots are about 330 species belonging to the Psittacoidae superfamily, one of the three superfamilies in the biological order Psittaciformes (parrots). 

The other superfamilies are the Cacatuoidea (cockatoos), and Strigopoidea (New Zealand parrots). True parrots are more widespread than cockatoos, with species in the Americas, Africa, Asia, Australia and eastwards across the Pacific Ocean as far as Polynesia.

Chuang Tzu

Chuang Tzu or Zhuangzi lived and taught around 350 BC. He was a Taoist philosopher. A collection of his sayings have been passed down over the centuries.

Chang Tzu thought that men should distance themselves from the traditional prestige and honor of worldly life. They should just live. He told a story about two ministers who ask him to serve as a court official. He replied with a story about a sacred turtle. He says, "The king's men caught a sacred turtle. They killed it and put its shell in a special box to use to tell the future. Now would that turtle rather be honored in that box and dead, or would he rather be alive dragging his tail through the mud?"

Source: Merton, Thomas 1965. "The way of Chuang Tzu". Allen & Unwin, London. 

Year-round school

Year-round school is the scheduling of school so that students take classes through the whole calendar year. This is often frowned upon, but others think it is a good idea.

Leo Borchard

Leo Borchard (born Moscow, 31 March 1899; died 23 August 1945) was a Russian conductor who became a naturalized German.

Borchard was born in Moscow. His parents were German. He spent his childhood in Saint Petersburg where he had music lessons. In 1920, after the Russian Revolution, he emigrated to Germany. Otto Klemperer made him his assistant at the Kroll Opera in Berlin.

He conducted the Berlin Philharmonic for the first time in January 1933. In 1935, he was banned by the Nazis for political reasons. He was not allowed to conduct, so he had to earn some money by teaching.

During World War II he was an activist who was working against the Nazis. After the war had ended he conducted the world famous Berlin Philharmonic in a concert which was very successful. One week later he was given the job of conductor of the orchestra instead of Wilhelm Furtwängler who was in exile in Switzerland. The part of Germany he was in was run by the Russians at this time. Because he had been anti-Nazi, and because he spoke Russian, he was favoured by the political leaders. In less than four months he gave 22 concerts with the BPO. In Berlin, as he was being driven home after a concert, he was shot dead by an American officer due to a misunderstanding at a military checkpoint. 

Felix Weingartner

Felix von Weingartner (born 2 June 1863; died Winterthur, 7 May 1942) was an Austrian conductor, composer and pianist. He is remembered today mainly as a conductor, but he also composed many works.

Weingartner was born in Zara, Dalmatia, which today is called Zadar in Croatia. His parents were Austrian. They were from a noble family. Felix had the title Edler von Münzberg. The family moved to Graz in 1868. His father died that same year. In 1881 he went to Leipzig to study philosophy, but soon spent all his time on music. He started his studies at the Conservatory in 1883. At the same time he studied with the great composer and pianist Franz Liszt in Weimar. Liszt helped him to get his first opera performed. In the same year, 1884, he became the director of the Königsberg Opera. He got conducting jobs in Danzig, then in Hamburg and in Mannheim. From 1891 he was Kapellmeister of the Royal Opera and conductor of symphony concerts in Berlin. Then he gave up that job and went to live in Munich.

In 1902, at the Festival of Mainz, Weingartner conducted all the symphonies of Beethoven. He was becoming famous in Europe as well as in the USA and in South America. From 1908 to 1911 he was the main conductor of the Vienna Hofoper, following on from Gustav Mahler. He kept the job of conductor of the Vienna Philharmonic until 1927. From 1912 he was again Kapellmeister in Hamburg, but in 1914 he went to Darmstadt. In 1919-20 he was conductor of the Vienna Volksoper. In 1920 he was Professor of the Franz Liszt Academy in Budapest. From 1927 to 1934 he was conductor of the Sinfonieorchester Basel. He gave his last concert in London in 1940 and died in Winterthur, Switzerland two years later.

Weingartner was married five times.

Weingartner thought of himself as a composer just as much as a conductor. However, it is as a conductor that he is remembered today. His compositions are hardly ever played now. He composed in a late-Romantic style, and he was an influence on the composer Erich Korngold. He is best remembered today as one of the great conductors of classical music, who conducted in a precise way without exaggerated effects. He wrote books about music including one about conducting.

New Groves Dictionary of Music & Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980. 

1978 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1978 Atlantic hurricane season began on June 1, 1978 and ended on November 30, 1978. Sometimes storms can form before June 1 or after November 30. This season is a very good example of that happening. In this season a Subtropical Storm formed in the month of January, long before June 1. This season was about average in storm activity. 1978 would be the last year that the naming list contained only female names because the addition of male names the following year.

Subtropical Storm One gave the 1978 a very early start to its hurricane season when it became the only Atlantic cyclone to form in the month of January, it formed on January 18. It dissipated on the 23rd causing no damage to land and only threatening land briefly. There were two storm in the month of January but they formed in December, they were: Hurricane Alice in 1954 and Tropical Storm Zeta in 2005. Since 1978 there has never another Tropical or Subtropical cyclone to form in the month of January. 
Tropical Storm Amelia formed on July 30 just offshore Brownsville, Texas. Amelia made landfall in Texas and quickly dissipated. But while Amelia was moving trough Texas it caused about 30 deaths and up to 40 inches of rain. 

This is the full lsit of names select for the 1978 Atlantic hurricane season. Name that were not used are marked in .

No names retired this season.


Griffith Park

Griffith Park is a city park in Los Angeles, California. It is one of the largest parks in the city, covering 4,210 acres (17 km) of land. Sometimes called the Central Park of Los Angeles, it is located where the Los Angeles River makes a southwest bend towards the Pacific Ocean. It is named for .

The is a well-known point of interest in the park.

Lake Powell

Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River. It is mainly in southeastern Utah, with a small part in northeastern Arizona in the United States. About long, it is made by the Glen Canyon Dam, built in Glen Canyon in the 1960s. The lake is a popular area for boating and fishing, with over 2 million visitors each year; but it has flooded many important natural and archaeological sites. Other than the Colorado River, the Escalante River and San Juan River also flow into the reservoir.

In March 2023 it was only 23% full.

Lake Powell has five active marinas. The main role of the marinas at Lake Powell is to allow an entry point for boaters to launch and retrieve their watercraft. Each marina has rare services, such as boat refueling, short term docking, food services and boat rentals. 

Alaska Range

The Alaska Range is a series of mountains in Alaska, in the United States. The mountain range stretches about from northwest to southeast. The United States' highest mountain, Denali (20,320' or 6,194 m) is in the Alaska Range.

Many glaciers are in the Alaska Range, including the Canwell, Castner, Black Rapids, Susitna, Yanert, Muldrow, Eldridge, Ruth, Tokositna, and Kahiltna Glaciers.

Through the Alaska Range runs four major rivers, which are the Delta, Nenana, Nabesna, and Chisna Rivers. The Nenana River is a popular destination for whitewater rafting in Alaska.


Brooks Range

The Brooks Range is a mountain range in Alaska. The range runs from northern Alaska into Canada, east-west for about 700 miles (1,100 km). The tallest mountain is Mount Chamberlin, which is 9,020 feet (2,749 m) tall. The Kobuk River begins in this range and flows to the Bering Strait, away.


Prince Edward, Duke of York and Albany

Prince Edward, Duke of York (Edward Augustus) lived from 1739 to 1767. He was the youngest brother of George III of the United Kingdom. He was heir presumptive to the throne until his nephew George IV of the United Kingdom was born in 1762.

Union Vale, New York

Union Vale is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Wappinger, New York

Wappinger is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Washington, New York

Washington is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Fishkill, New York

Fishkill is a village within the Town of Fishkill in Dutchess County, in the state of New York in the United States.

Millbrook, New York

Millbrook is a village in Dutchess County, New York, United States. Millbrook is located in the Hudson Valley, on the east side of the Hudson River, north of New York City. Millbrook is near the center of the Town of Washington. As of the 2020 Census, Millbrook's population was 1,455. It is often referred to as a low-key version of the Hamptons and is one of the most affluent villages in New York.

Millbrook is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport Combined Statistical Area.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of , of which is land and (2.9%) is water.


Millerton, New York

Millerton is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The town borders Taconic State Park.


Pawling (village), New York

The Village of Pawling is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Red Hook (village), New York

The Village of Red Hook is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Rhinebeck (village), New York

The Rhinebeck is a village in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Tivoli, New York

Tivoli is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Wappingers Falls, New York

Wappingers Falls is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Grand Slam (professional wrestling)

A Grand Slam, in professional wrestling, is a person who has won a certain combination of championships.The four titles typically include three singles championships plus a tag team championship. The singles championships include a primary, secondary, and tertiary championship.

In 2018, Ring of Honor (ROH) established their own grandslam champion.

In Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), WWE's former developmental territory, a Grand Slam winner was a wrestler who had won every championship that was available in FCW. All FCW titles were retired when FCW changed its name to NXT.

Joseph Schumpeter

Joseph Alois Schumpeter (8 February 1883 – 8 January 1950) was an Austrian-German-American researcher in economics and political science. He studied the theory of Marxism and capitalism. In his view, capitalism cannot work because of what he called creative destruction. This term was originally used by Karl Marx to describe the capitalist system, but Schumpeter used it differently: He says that each time innovation by entrepreneur occurs, it must (also) change what already exists. In this context, certain structures that already exist will also be destroyed. A current example of this is that digital photography has made the instant camera, such as Polaroid almost disappear. 

Schumpeter was finance minister of Austria in 1919.

B. J. Habibie

Bacharuddin Jusuf Habibie (25 June 1936 - 11 September 2019) was an Indonesian engineer who was President of Indonesia from May 21, 1998 to October 20, 1999.


Vexillology

Vexillology is the study of flags. The word comes from both the Latin word "vexilla" "little sail" for flag plus the Greek suffix"-ology" that means "study of". The "vexillum" was a particular kind of flag used by the Roman legions. Vexillology is a kind of study of symbols related to heraldry. A person who studies flags is a "vexillologist", and a person who designs flags is a "vexillographer".

Because they are flown outside, where they move with the wind, flags are usually designed with bold images and bright, basic colors. Flag design also follows a historical process, where later flag designs are based on earlier flag designs. This means that many flags in an area may look similar because they are all based on one historical flag. Examples include the Pan-African colors, Pan-Arab colors, and the Nordic Cross.

The "Flag Identification System" was created by Whitney Smith and adopted by Fédération internationale des associations vexillologiques (FIAV).

The first row is for use on land and the second row is for use on water, each divided into private (civil), government (state), and military (war) use.

There are 63 symbols that can describe the flag, including:

Other symbols are used to describe other uses of the flag, such as official status and which side of the flag is shown. The symbols in common use are:


Southern Tenant Farmers Union

The Southern Tenant Farmers' Union (STFU) was founded as a trade union to help organize the farmers in the Southern United States. 

It was started in the Great Depression to improve money problems and work conditions for farmers in the United States.

At this time, landowners were being paid not to farm by the Agricultural Adjustment Administration, but they were not all sharing the money with farmers.


Fjuckby

Fjuckby is a village in Uppsala Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden.

It is known as a place for runestones, the village's unusual name has generated international interest. Prior to the 1930s, the village was known as Fjukeby. In the 1930s, the spelling of the name of this small historic town was changed to Fjuckby.


Copa del Rey

The Copa del Rey is an annual football competition in Spain. The competition was founded in 1903, which makes it the oldest Spanish football competition.

Bold indicates an active player.

Kobuk River

The Kobuk River (also Kooak, Kowak, Kubuk, Kuvuk, or Putnam)

Its watershed, ranging from 0 to 11,400 feet (0 to 3,475 m) above sea level, has a wide variety of landforms, including mountains, plateaus, and plains. The average elevation is . The river's name, in the native Inuit language, means "big river".
The river has been an important part of the lives of nearby people. Native people (the Inuit, Koyukans and others) have used the river as a source of food and transport for over 12,000 years.
In 1898, a gold rush called the "Kobuk River Stampede" happened. In 1980, 110 miles (177 km) of the river were deemed the Kobuk Wild and Scenic River.

Reichstag (institution)

The Reichstag was the German parliament during the Holy Roman Empire, the North German Confederation, the German Empire, the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich until 1945. They met in the Reichstag building from 1894 to 1933. The Reichstag is now called Bundestag. 

Hippocampus

The hippocampus is part of the mammalian brain, and belongs to the limbic system. Humans and other mammals have two, one in each side of the brain. The hippocampus is under the cerebral cortex.
It is important in spatial memory and navigation, and helps turn short-term memory into long-term memory. The hippocampus is named after the "seahorse" because its shape is similar.

In Alzheimer's disease, the hippocampus is one of the first regions of the brain to suffer damage; memory loss and disorientation are included among the early symptoms. People with extensive, bilateral hippocampal damage may experience anterograde amnesia the inability to form or retain new memories.

The different neuronal cell types are neatly organized into layers in the hippocampus. It has often been used as a model system for studying neurophysiology. Long-term potentiation (LTP), a neural mechanism for storing memory, was first discovered to occur in the hippocampus.

The connection of hippocampus with memory was made by a famous report. This gave the results of the destruction of the hippocampi by surgery (an attempt to relieve epileptic seizures). The unexpected outcome of the surgery was severe anterograde and partial retrograde amnesia. The patient could not form new memories of events after his surgery, and could not remember any events that occurred just before his surgery. However, he did remember events from many years earlier, right back to his childhood.

This case attracted widespread professional interest. Later, other patients with similar damage and amnesia (caused by accident or disease) have also been studied. Thousands of experiments have studied the physiology of changes in synaptic connections in the hippocampus after activity. The hippocampi do play an important role in memory. However, the precise nature of this role remains unclear.

Recent reviews say how the hippocampus puts together our memories of past events, and helps us remember aspects of complex events.

Neurons in the rat hippocampus show activity related to the rat's position in its environment. As with the memory theory, there is now almost universal agreement that spatial coding plays an important role in hippocampal function, but the details are widely debated.

Studies conducted on freely moving rats and mice have shown that many hippocampal neurons have "place fields", that is, they fire bursts of action potentials when a rat passes through a particular part of the environment. In humans, cells with location-specific firing patterns have been reported in a study. Patients with drug-resistant epilepsy had diagnostic electrodes put in their hippocampus. Then a computer was used to move them around in a virtual reality town.

The discovery of place cells in the 1970s led to a theory that the hippocampus might act as a cognitive map a neural representation of the layout of the environment. The "cognitive map hypothesis" has been further advanced by recent discoveries of direction cells in several parts of the rodent brain which are strongly connected to the hippocampus.

The hippocampus has a generally similar appearance across the mammals from monotremes such as the echidna to primates such as humans. The hippocampal size to body-size ratio increases: it is about twice as large for primates as for the echidna. It does not, however, increase at anywhere close to the rate of the neocortex to body-size ratio. Therefore, the hippocampus takes up a larger fraction of the cortex in rodents than in primates.

Other vertebrates have areas which may be homologous to the hippocampus of mammals. Some insects, and cephalopods such as the octopus, have strong spatial learning and navigation abilities. These appear to work differently from the mammalian spatial system, and have evolved independently of the mammalian system.

Superparamagnetism

Superparamagnetism is a form of magnetism. A superparamagnetic material has many small clusters of magnetic things in its structure, but they are not all pointed the same way, so the material is not magnetic by itself. If a magnetic field is applied to the material, then the clusters change direction to match the magnetic field and the material becomes magnetic. Superparamagnetism is like paramagnetism, except it can happen at near room temperature. It happens when materials are made up of very small parts (1-10 nm).

Safety

Safety is a feeling that no bad things will happen. Security avoids things to happen that you don't want to. The police keep public safety, which helps stop crimes from happening. Safety hats protect the head from injury. Houses provide safety from the weather.

The opposite of safety is danger.

"Safety measures" are activities and precautions taken to improve safety. Here are list of common safety measures include:



Heidi

Heidi is a book written by Johanna Spyri, published between 1880 and 1881. It is about a young orphan girl who grows up in the Swiss Alps (mountains in Switzerland) with her grandfather.

When her guardians die, Heidi must live in the mountains with her grandfather, Alm-Uncle, who does not like people. He slowly changes and becomes more caring because of Heidi. Then, Heidi must move to Frankfurt, Germany to be the friend of Clara, a girl who is sick and cannot walk. Clara’s grandmother encourages Heidi to learn to read, and she also learns about God. She becomes very homesick, and a kind doctor says that she must return home to her grandfather. Later, Clara visits Heidi in the Alps and becomes strong enough to walk.

Johanna Spyri wrote this story for her son, Berhard Diethelm Spyri. People and places in the story come from Spyry's own life. Catherine Eayrs, a literary critic, thinks that the village of Dorfli may come from Jenins in Switzerland, a place that Spyri visited as a child, however Dorfli is an actual town in Switzerland. Also, the kindly doctor is similar to Spyri's own father, and Klara's grandmother is a good storyteller, just like Spyri's own mother.

Immediately after the book was published, "Heidi" was popular, both with children and adults. It continues to be popular, and translations are available in more than fifty languages. About 50 million books have been sold. The story has also been told on movie and television. There is even a musical version.

Visitors to Switzerland can visit a tourist village called Heididorf in Maienfeld. The name means "Heidi's village" in German.

Some readers think that one problem of "Heidi" is that the book teaches the Christian religion. Malcolm Usrey, a literary critic, thinks that nature is as important as Christianity in helping people, because Klara’s paralysis and Heidi’s home sickness are both healed in the “clean air of the Swiss mountains”.



Hans von Bülow

Hans von Bülow (born Dresden, 8 January 1830 ; died Cairo, 12 February 1894) was a German conductor and pianist. He was one of the most famous conductors of the 19th century as well as being a famous pianist. He is especially remembered for his conducting of the operas of Richard Wagner.

Bülow was born in Dresden. His family belonged to the nobility: he had the title of “Freiherr” (similar to the English Baron). When he was nine he had music lessons from Friedrich Wieck who was the father of Clara Schumann. However, his parents said that he had to study law instead of music, and they sent him to Leipzig.

During this time he met Franz Liszt in Weimar and he heard him conduct the music of Wagner. He decided to study music even though his parents did not want him to. He went to Zürich where Wagner was living in exile. Wagner thought he was very talented and got him some conducting jobs. In 1851 he went to Weimar to study the piano with Liszt. He worked very hard at his piano technique. He also wrote articles about music. Liszt also thought that von Bülow would become a great musician.

In 1853 Bülow made his first concert tour. He played in Vienna, Pest, Dresden, Karlsruhe, Bremen, Hamburg and Berlin. He taught the piano in Berlin and gave a lot of support to young composers who had new ideas about music. He toured as pianist and conductor in Germany and Russia. In 1857 he married Liszt’s daughter, Cosima. They had two daughters.

In 1864 he became the Hofkapellmeister in Munich. This was a very important conducting job and it made him extremely famous. He conducted the first performances of two Wagner operas: "Tristan und Isolde" (1865) and "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" (1868). These were extremely successful. Meanwhile Cosima was having a love affair with Richard Wagner. In 1868 she left her husband to live with Wagner, taking their daughters with her. She divorced Bülow, who went to Florence for a while to recover from the shock. However, he always continued to show great respect for Wagner and continued to conduct his music. When Wagner died in 1883 he was terribly sad.

In 1872 Bülow toured again. He visited England and the USA where, as the solo pianist, he gave the first performance (world premiere) of Tchaikovsky’s Piano Concerto No. 1 in Boston in 1875.

From 1878 to 1880 he was conductor in Hanover, but had to leave after a quarrel with a tenor. In 1880 he went to Meiningen where he conducted the orchestra, making it one of the best orchestras in Germany. He made the players perform from memory. He often conducted the music of Johannes Brahms. He thought about every detail of the pieces he conducted. He liked to have two pianos on the stage so that he could face the audience or have his back to them, whichever he wanted.
During this time he met Richard Strauss in Berlin. He helped Strauss, who was a young man at the time, to make his music well known

He did new things with his orchestra, such as introducing a double bass with five strings (this is now normal in most European orchestras). He also introduced timpani with pedals. In the late 1880s he settled in Hamburg, but continued to tour, both conducting and performing on the piano.

Bülow had health problems which gave him very bad headaches. He went to warmer countries to try to get better. He died in a hotel in Cairo, Egypt, ten months after his last concert performance.

Bülow was not only a conductor and pianist, but also a composer. His piano compositions are influenced by Liszt. They are very difficult to play. He was also very good at writing about music. He always wrote what he thought, even if it offended some people.


Augustus d'Este

Sir Augustus Frederick d'Este, KCH (1794-1848) was the son of Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex and Lady Augusta Murray and the grandson of George III. His parents marriage was in contravention of the Royal Marriages Act 1772, which meant that Augustus d'Este was legally considered illegitimate.

Michael Dennis Morgan

Michael Dennis Morgan (born December 19, 1946) is an Australian rower, who has competed in the Olympics. He attended Newington College (1957-1965).

Robert Trujillo

Roberto Agustín "Rob" Trujillo (born October 23, 1964) is an American musician who is most famous as the bass player for Metallica. He joined the band in 2003. Before that Trujillo played bass for Suicidal Tendencies, Infectious Grooves, Black Label Society, Jerry Cantrell and was a member of Ozzy Osbourne's band.








President of Indonesia

The President of the Indonesia Republic is the head of state of Indonesia. The current President is Joko Widodo.

Sergiu Celibidache

Sergiu Celibidache (; 14 August 1996) was a Romanian conductor. He was one of the great conductors of his time, living in Germany all his adult life.

Celibidache was born in Romania. He went to Berlin in 1936 and in 1939 studied there at the Hochschule für Musik. He got a doctorate by writing about the Renaissance composer Josquin Desprez. He was lucky very early in his career to be appointed as conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. He stayed with them until 1952 when Wilhelm Furtwängler returned. He later worked with radio orchestras in Stockholm, Stuttgart and Paris. He also worked for a time in Britain, as well as touring in Europe and South America. From 1979 until his death he was music director of the Munich Philharmonic. He taught at Mainz University in Germany and in 1984 taught at the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He liked teaching and often let students come to his lessons without having to pay.

Celibidache did not like making recordings, although there are a few recordings of his concerts which have survived. He was well known for asking for lots of rehearsals, and he rehearsed his orchestras in great detail. He often chose very slow speeds for the slow movements and very fast speeds for the fast movements.

In Munich he had a long argument with the trombone player Abbie Conant because he did not want her in the orchestra. Conant thought it was because she was a woman that he did not want her. The argument lasted for 12 years.

Celibidache died near Paris in 1996 at 84.

New Groves Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie; 

Ludwig von Brenner

Ludwig von Brenner (born Leipzig, 19 September 1833; died 9 February 1902) was a German conductor and composer.

He studied at the Leipzig conservatory. He went to Saint Petersburg to play in the Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1872 he returned to Germany and conducted an orchestra called the "Berlin Symphony Orchestra". He then started an orchestra called "Neue Berliner Symphoniekapelle". In 1882 he became the first conductor of a new orchestra, the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, which was soon to become one of the world's best orchestras. 

Claudio Abbado

Claudio Abbado (26 June 1933 – 20 January 2014), was an Italian conductor. He conducted many of the world’s greatest orchestras.

Abbado was born in Milan, Italy. His father played the violin and composed. He started to learn the piano from his father. He studied music at the Milan Conservatory and often had the opportunity to listen to famous conductors rehearsing, e.g. Arturo Toscanini, Bruno Walter and Wilhelm Furtwängler. He did not like the way that Toscanini shouted and yelled at the orchestra. He knew that he did not want to be like him.

He studied conducting at the Vienna Academy of Music. In 1958, he won the international Koussevitsky competition for conductors. Soon he was invited to conduct in many parts of Italy. In 1963 he won the Dmitri Mitropoulos Competition for conductors. This allowed him to work for five months with the New York Philharmonic.

He first conducted at La Scala in Milan in 1960. He was music director there from 1968 to 1986. He conducted the Vienna Philharmonic for the first time in 1965 in a concert at the Salzburg Festival. He was music director for the Vienna State Opera from 1986 to 1991, where he conducted traditional operas as well as new, 20th-century operas.

He was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra from 1979 to 1987. In the US, he was principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra from 1982 to 1986. With both orchestras, Abbado made a number of recordings for Deutsche Grammophon.

In 1989, the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra chose Abbado to be their conductor, to succeed Herbert von Karajan. Abbado stayed with them until 2002 when he left because of his bad health, although he returned in 2004 to make several recordings with them.

Abbado has conducted a lot of Romantic music, especially the symphonies of Gustav Mahler. He has conducted many modern works such as Arnold Schoenberg, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Giacomo Manzoni, Luigi Nono, Bruno Maderna, Thomas Adler, Giovanni Sollima, Roberto Carnevale, Franco Donatoni and George Benjamin.

In 1988, he started the music festival Wien Modern (Vienna Modern). This festival is now not just for modern music but other forms of modern art as well.

Abbado is also well known for his work with young musicians. He started the European Union Youth Orchestra in 1978 and the Gustav Mahler Jugendorchester (Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra) in 1986.

He often conducted the Chamber Orchestra of Europe and has recently worked with the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar of Venezuela. Abbado was found to have stomach cancer in 2000 and he had a major operation. After he got better he started the Lucerne Festival Orchestra in 2003. He is also music director of the Mozart Orchestra of Bologna, Italy.

Abbado's son Daniele is an opera-director. From his relationship with the violinist Viktoria Mullova, he is the father of her oldest child, Misha. His nephew Roberto Abbado is also a conductor.

Abbado died in Bologna on the morning of 20 January 2014 at the age of 80.


Vernier scale

A Vernier scale is a way to get a much better result when measuring how long something is or the size of an angle.
Sometimes when measuring things we need to get our measurement as accurate as possible. Accuracy is important in surveying the land, navigation of ships, making parts for machines like car engines, looking at stars and planets in astronomy and when doing experiments in science. 

Length has been measured with a straight ruler for hundreds of years. It measures up to 0.01cm. If the object we are measuring is somewhere in between two of the marks on our ruler then we would have to estimate where between the two marks to take the measurement. A Vernier scale on our ruler does this last fine piece of measuring between the two marks for us. 

So , for example if the measurement with our eye said it was between 1.5 and 1.6 centimeters, we would look at the Vernier and we would be able to say the measure is actually 1.57, something it would be vary hard to see with the eye alone.

When measuring angles the same problem occurs and a vernier may be part of a device to measure fine angles in between two of the marks on the scale.

We don't need to be sharp eyed to read the Vernier scale because its marks are almost as big as our main measuring scale. We just count how many marks there are to the next place where there is a mark on both the main and vernier scales that are exactly lined up. That number of marks tells us the size of the small extra measurement.

Project AWARE

Project AWARE Foundation (or Project A.W.A.R.E.) is a nonprofit, worldwide, organization dedicated to "Conserving underwater environments through education, advocacy and action."


EarthEcho International

EarthEcho International is an environmental nonprofit organization founded in honor of Philippe Cousteau, by his children and widow. It is based in Washington, D.C..

"EarthEcho International"

William, Prince of Wales

William, Prince of Wales, (William Arthur Philip Louis; 21 June 1982) is a member of the British royal family and the heir apparent to the British throne. He is the oldest son of Charles III and the late Diana, Princess of Wales. He is the second-oldest grandson of Queen Elizabeth II, and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. He is first in line to the British throne. He married Catherine Middleton, now Catherine, Princess of Wales, on 29 April 2011. Before his wedding, Prince William was made Duke of Cambridge, Earl of Strathearn and Baron Carrickfergus.

Prince William was born at St Mary's Hospital in London. His father is Charles III. His mother was Diana, Princess of Wales. He is the third grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom. His mother, Diana, tried to shield Prince William and his younger brother, Prince Harry, from the media.

William and Harry's parents, Diana and Charles, divorced in 1992. The divorce was very controversial and the media was very interested in the personal lives of the royal family. In 1997, Diana died in a car crash.

Prince William began learning at independent schools then Jane Mynors' nursery school and the pre-preparatory Wetherby School, both in London. Following this, he went to Ludgrove School, and, after passing the entrance exams, he went to Eton College, where he learnt geography, biology, and art history at A-Level.

At Eton, he took part in many sports including Football, basketball, and water polo. He then took a year away from education (a 'gap year') before going to the University of St Andrews. He graduated in 2004, with a degree in geography.

William graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst on 15 December 2006; the graduation parade was attended by the Queen and the Prince of Wales, along with other members of the Royal Family, and William officially received his commission as a lieutenant.

With his rank obtained, the Prince, using the name of William Wales, followed his younger brother into the Blues and Royals as a troop commander in an armoured reconnaissance unit, after which he spent four months in training for the post at Bovington Camp, Dorset. He also learned to fly, and became a RAF Search and Rescue pilot.

On 16 November 2010, it was announced by Clarence House that William and Catherine Middleton were to marry. Catherine was a commoner (not royalty). The couple had met at University of St Andrews. Their engagement began on 16 November 2010. The wedding took place on 29 April 2011 in Westminster Abbey, London. That day was made a bank holiday in the UK. After the wedding, William and Catherine became known as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.

On 22 July 2013, Catherine gave birth to a baby boy. On 24 July, it was announced that the baby would be called Prince George of Cambridge, with the full given name of George Alexander Louis.

A daughter, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge, was born on 2 May 2015. She was given the full name of Charlotte Elizabeth Diana.

On 23 April 2018, a second son was born. He was given the full name of Louis Arthur Charles.

Now that William is Prince of Wales his children are all known as Princes/ses "of Wales" rather than "of Cambridge".

In 2020, his brother, Prince Harry decided to leave the royal family with his wife, Meghan. Since then, it has been reported that the relationship between William and Harry has been very tense.

Prince William has done many public duties for his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, and his father, King Charles III. William and Kate have visited many countries on behalf the royal family. In 2022, they took a tour of the Caribbean Commonwealth realms. The tour attracted a lot of criticism from protestors, who demanded that the royal family apologised for their involvement in slavery. William has also visited Pakistan, Japan, America and Canada.

As Duke of Cambridge he was second in line to the throne. When his grandmother died he became first in line (Duke of Cornwall) and the next day his father made him Prince of Wales.

Through his mother's line he is descended from numerous dukes. He is also a descendant of Charles II of England and James II of England. If he becomes King, he will be the first monarch descended from Charles I of England since Queen Anne. He is also related to King Henry IV of England, and Benejah Strong William’s 6th great grandfather, William’s Mother’s Mother’s Father’s Mother’s Mother’s Mother’s Father’s Father. Sir Winston Churchill is also distantly related to William.


Simon Rattle

Sir Simon Denis Rattle CBE, (born Liverpool, 19 January 1955) is an English conductor. He became internationally famous as the conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra which he made into a world-class orchestra. Since 1999 he has been the conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic.

Rattle was born in Liverpool and studied at Liverpool College. He learned to play the piano and the violin. He started to play in orchestras, but as a percussionist. He went to study at the Royal Academy of Music in London in 1971. Three years later he won the John Player Conductor Competition. He organised and conducted a performance of Mahler's Second Symphony whilst still at the Academy. He spent a year studying English Language and literature at St Anne's College, Oxford.

In 1974, he was made assistant conductor of the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra, and in 1977 assistant conductor of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic.

He spent 18 years as conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra (CBSO), from 1980 to 1998. During this time he made the orchestra into one of the best European orchestras. The orchestra used to give their concerts at the Town Hall in Birmingham, but a new concert hall, the Symphony Hall, was opened in 1991. The BBC made a film about Rattle and the CBSO during his last year with the orchestra. It was called: "Simon Rattle — Moving On".

Rattle was given the award of CBE in 1987 and made a Knight Bachelor in 1994. In 1992, Rattle was made Principal Guest Conductor of the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment (OAE), together with Frans Brüggen. Rattle now has the title of Principal Artist with the OAE. In 2001, Rattle conducted the OAE at Glyndebourne in their first production of Beethoven’s opera "Fidelio" with a period instrument orchestra.

In May 2006 he was made an Honorary Member of the Society of Arts.

The first time Rattle conducted the Berlin Philharmonic (BPO) was in 1987 when he gave a performance of Gustav Mahler's Symphony No. 6. In 1999 Rattle was made chief conductor of the orchestra when Claudio Abbado left. Before he agreed to take the job he insisted on making some changes to make sure that all the orchestral members were paid fairly and that the orchestra could make its own decisions instead of having to do what the Berlin Senate told them.

Before he left England he said some very critical things about the British attitude to culture, especially to music. He thought that not enough money was being spent on the arts and that the politicians were not interested in music.

He gave his first concert as principal conductor of the BPO on 7 September 2002, leading performances of Thomas Adès' "Asyla" and Gustav Mahler's Symphony No. 5. He has done many new things since working in Berlin. He has continued to conduct the music of many living British composers. He has formed an educational programme so that young people in Berlin get used to hearing classical music. Some people have criticised what Rattle has done in Berlin, but many people support him.

Rattle was originally going to stay with the BPO until 2012, but in April 2008 the players decided they want him to stay until 2020

Rattle has toured to many countries during his career. He has conducted in North America. In 1979 he conducted the Los Angeles Philharmonic (LAP) and was their Principal Guest Conductor from 1981–1994. He also guest-conducted the Cleveland Orchestra, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, San Francisco Symphony, Toronto Symphony Orchestra, and Boston Symphony Orchestra.

In 1993, Rattle conducted the Philadelphia Orchestra. They wanted him to be their chief conductor, but Rattle could not take on the job. Instead, he often performs as their guest conductor. 

Rattle has conducted lots of different music, sometimes old music with period instruments, sometimes music by living composers. He is very well known for his performances of Mahler. He has won many awards for his recordings.

Rattle has been married three times. He is a fan of Liverpool F.C.


2020

2020 (twenty twenty) (MMXX) was a leap year starting on Wednesday in the Gregorian calendar, . The COVID-19 pandemic led to severe global economic and social disruption throughout 2020. The year was also nominated by "Time" magazine to be one of "the worst years to be alive" in modern history. The cover article did not go as far. "There have been worse years in U.S. history, and certainly worse years in world history, but most of us alive today have seen nothing like this one."



























Adhan

The adhān () or the azān () is the Islamic call to prayer. The muezzin reads it out aloud. The root of the word is ' "to permit", and another derivative of this word is ', meaning "ear."

The muezzin reads Adhan in the mosque, sometimes from a minaret. He usually does this five times a day. Adhan is used to call other Muslims to do the prayers. There is a second call, known as iqama (set up) that is used to tell Muslims to line up for the start of the prayers. Sometimes, loudspeakers are used on the minarets. 

Sunni and Shi'a use versions of adhan which are slightly different from each other.

Tiger quoll

The tiger quoll ("Dasyurus maculatus") is a carnivorous marsupial of the order of Dasyuromorphia. It is also known as the spotted-tail quoll or the spotted quoll. It is mainland Australia's largest, and the world's longest carnivorous marsupial. 

Ken Whisenhunt

Kenneth "Ken" Moore Whisenhunt (born February 28, 1962 in Augusta, Georgia) is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team, leading them to the first Super Bowl in ream history during the 2008 season. Before that, he was known for his well-planned offensive plays, including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher, in which the Steeers won Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season.

After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta, Georgia for high school, Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech (1980-84), where he graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering. During his senior season, he was an honorable mention All-American. He also finished first team all-ACC during his final two college seasons.

Whisenhunt's career as a player included 4 years (1985-88) as a tight end with the Atlanta Falcons, who drafted him in the twelfth round, and then short periods with the Washington Redskins and New York Jets. He retired from the league in 1993 after nine seasons in which he was mostly known as a blocker.

He began his coaching career at Vanderbilt University, where he coached special teams, tight ends and H-backs for the Commodores from 1995 to 1996. In 1997, he returned to the NFL as the tight ends coach for the Baltimore Ravens. Whisenhunt changed teams very often in his early years in the league, moving to the staff of the Cleveland Browns in 1999 and to the New York Jets the following season.

In 2001, Whisenhunt was hired by the Steelers to coach their tight ends. He was able to make players such as Mark Bruener and Jay Riemersma, both considered no longer at their best, into great blocking backs. He became offensive coordinator in Pittsburgh for the 2004 season after Mike Mularkey became the head coach of the Buffalo Bills. Whisenhunt had instant success in his role. While Mularkey was known for creating exciting trick plays, Whisenhunt became more of a cautious play-caller, whose well-timed trick plays surprised the Steelers' opponents because they were very unlike the conservative Pittsburgh run game.

Whisenhunt's most famous moment is the trick play he called in Super Bowl XL. With Pittsburgh leading 14-10 over the Seattle Seahawks, Whisenhunt called a wide receiver reverse pass (Antwaan Randle El to Hines Ward, the only TD pass thrown by a WR in Super Bowl history) that allowed Pittsburgh to get a big lead, which they did not give away.

On January 14, 2007 the Arizona Cardinals hired Whisenhunt as their new head coach. The contract he received promised him an average of $2.5 million annually. Whisenhunt had also interviewed for the head coaching position with the Steelers, Atlanta Falcons and Miami Dolphins. In February 2006, the Oakland Raiders were interviewing him to become their new head coach, but Whisenhunt ended the talks before a deal could be offered. The Cardinals were better in Whisenhunt's first season, finishing with 8 wins and 8 losses after finishing with 5 wins and 11 losses the two seasons before that and losing 10 or more games in seven of the previous eight campaigns. It was their first non-losing season since 1998, even though they still failed to make the playoffs.

Before his second season, Whisenhunt made the experienced Kurt Warner his starting quarterback. In Whisenhunt's first season, Warner had split time with the team's younger quarterback Matt Leinart, although Warner started the final 11 games of the 2007 season after Leinart suffered a season-ending injury. This was a good decision because Warner put up good numbers in leading the Cardinals to a 9 win and 7 loss regular season record in the 2008 season. This was good enough to win NFC West Division, the Cardinals' first division title since 1975, when the team played in St. Louis, Missouri. Whisenhunt's second season was also the Cardinals' first time in the playoffs since 1998. After beating the Atlanta Falcons and the Carolina Panthers in the first two rounds of the NFC playoffs, the Cardinals defeated the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC Championship on January 18, 2009 and advanced to the Super Bowl for the first time in franchise history to face the Pittsburgh Steelers. This gave Whisenhunt an opportunity to play against the team he used to be the offensive coordinator of. The Cardinals lost the game 27-23. Whisenhunt credited the Steelers' players and staff with the win, but also said penalties were one of the reasons for the loss.

Whisenhunt has worked on the staff of four National Football League coaches. They are:

Whisenhunt has had one future National Football League coach work under him. He was:

Ken and his wife, Alice, have two children: a son Kenneth Jr., and daughter Mary Ashley.


Louisa Maria Teresa Stuart

Louisa Maria Teresa Stuart was the last child of James II of England and Mary of Modena. She was born in 1692 and died in 1712.

Casa Colorada

Casa Colorada (translated into English as "Red House") is a colonial house in Santiago, Chile. [red ochre House] is raised with ashlar stone, his roof was mounted on beech beams, and the mezzanine on canelo wood. Timber framing is made of native bamboo. The constructor was Joseph de la Vega in 1769. This building served as home of Mateo de Toro y Zambrano and now is a Museum, managed by Santiago's Municipality. Kept there the collections, and scale models of the colony life.

Casa Colorada was the place were the Chilean Declaration of Independence was signed on September 18th, 1810.

The building consists of two storeys.

El Seibo Province

El Seibo is a Dominican province in the eastern part of the country. Its capital city is Santa Cruz del Seibo.

It was one of the first provinces in the country; the first Dominican constitution made it in 1844 one of the five original provinces of the country. Its name has always been El Seibo, written sometimes as "El Seybo".

The province takes the name from its main city: El Seibo.

The El Seibo province has the La Altagracia province to the east, the San Pedro de Macorís province to the south and the Hato Mayor province to the west. To the north of the El Seibo province is the Samaná Bay, part of the Atlantic Ocean.

On 24 July 1844, after the Dominican independence, the government made five departments (another name for province); one of those departments was the El Seibo Department, with the municipalities of El Seibo, Hato Mayor, Higüey and Samaná. The first Dominican constitution kept that division but as provinces instead of departments.

The original province had all the eastern part of the Hispaniola, including the Samaná peninsula. But soon the province was reduced to make new provinces. The first two new provinces made with land of El Seibo province were Samaná in 1865, and San Pedro de Macorís in 1882.

In 1961, the old La Altagracia province, that later was divided in La Altagracia and La Romana provinces, was made out of the El Seibo province. The last province made with part of El Seibo was Hato Mayor in 1984.

People from this province took part in the war against Haiti during the Independence War; the leader was Pedro Santana, who had a farm near to the city of El Seibo and who became the first president of the country.

Before that, people from El Seibo fought against the French army. The most important battle was the "Palo Hincado Battle" won by the Dominican people on 7 November 1808, in a savanna ("Palo Hincado Savanna") just to the east of Santa Cruz del Seibo. Soon the French had to leave the country, and the whole island; they had lost Haiti, too.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the El Seibo province, and 45,103 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², one of the lowest in the country.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 25th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 91,256 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Santa Cruz del Seibo, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in 2010) of 26,477 inhabitants.

El Seibo has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 11th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province of the country.

There are at least three geographic regions in the province. From north to south, they are:

The River Soco is the most important river of the province; it flows from the Cordillera Oriental to the Caribbean Sea.

The only main road in the province is the "Carretera Mella" (Mella National Road) that goes through the middle of the province; the road comes from Santo Domingo and goes through the cities of Hato Mayor and Santa Cruz del Seibo and ends in Higüey.

There are 2 municipalities and 5 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

Cattle raising is the most important activity in the province. Sugar cane and cacao are the most important crops.


Al-Masjid an-Nabawi

Al-Masjid an-Nabawī (; Prophet's Mosque) is a mosque established and originally built by the Prophet of Islam Muhammad (Peace be upon him). It is in the city of Medina in Saudi Arabia. Al-Masjid an-Nabawi was the third mosque built in the history of Islam and is now one of the largest mosques in the world. It is the second-holiest site in Islam, after Masjid al-Haram in Mecca.

The site was originally adjacent to Prophet Muhammad's (Peace be upon him) house; he settled there after his Hijra (emigration) to Medina in 622 CE. He shared in the heavy work of building. The original mosque was an open-air building. The mosque served as a community center, a court, and a religious school. There was a raised platform for the people who taught the Quran. Subsequent Islamic rulers greatly expanded and decorated it. In 1909, it became the first place in the Arabian Peninsula to be provided with electrical lights. The mosque is under the control of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques. The mosque is located in what was traditionally the center of Medina, with many hotels and old markets nearby. It is a major pilgrimage site. Many pilgrims who perform the Hajj go on to Medina to visit the mosque due to its connections to the life of Muhammad.

After an expansion during the reign of the Umayyad caliph al-Walid I, it now incorporates the final resting place of Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him) and the first two Rashidun caliphs Abu Bakr and Umar. One of the most notable features of the site is the Green Dome in the south-east corner of the mosque, originally Aisha's house, where the tomb of Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him) is located. In 1279, a wooden cupola was built over the tomb which was later rebuilt and renovated multiple times in late 15th century and once in 1817. The current dome was added in 1818 by the Ottoman sultan Mahmud II, and it was first painted green in 1837, hence becoming known as the "Green Dome".

The 7th Nizam of Hyderabad had built more than thirty grand buildings around Masjid al-Haraam in Makkah Mukarramah and Masjid un-Nabavii in Madinah Munawarrah, for the pilgrims visiting these sacred places for Hajj and Umrah.

Sarvestan palace

Sarvestan Palace is a monument of the Sassanid era (226-651). It was built during the reign of Bahram "Gur" (The Zebra-Hunter, 420-438 A.D.) as a leisure mansion. Its excavation revealed that the area was inhabited 6,000 years ago, 4,500 years older than previous estimates. 

Hypostyle

In architecture, a hypostyle hall has a flat ceiling supported by columns. 

Sacred architecture

Sacred architecture (also known as religious architecture) is concerned with the design and construction of places of worship and buildings such as churches, mosques, stupas, synagogues, and temples. 

Iwan

An iwan ( "eyvān") is defined as a vaulted hall or space, walled on three sides, with one end open.
Iwans were a trademark of the Sassanid architecture of Persia. They then found their way into Islamic architecture. 

Typically, iwans open on to a central courtyard, and have been used in both public and residential architecture.

Hassan II Mosque

The Hassan II Mosque () is in Casablanca. It is the largest mosque in Morocco and the third largest mosque in the world after the Masjid al-Haram (Grand Mosque) of Mecca and the Al-Masjid al-Nabawi (Prophet's Mosque) in Medina. It was designed by the French architect Michel Pinseau. It was built by Bouygues. it stands on a promontory looking out to the Atlantic, which can be seen through a glass floor with room for 25,000 worshippers. A further 80,000 can fit in the mosque's adjoining grounds. Its minaret is the world's tallest at .

Missa in angustiis

The Missa in Angustiis ("Mass for troubled times") is one of fourteen masses written by Joseph Haydn. It is also called Nelson mass, because it was first performed after Lord Horatio Nelson won a battle against Napoleon Bonaparte. It was written in 1798. It is one of the six masses Haydn wrote towards the end of his life. 

Victoria, Princess Royal

The Princess Victoria, Princess Royal (Victoria Adelaide Mary Louisa; 21 November 1840 – 5 August 1901) was the eldest child and daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. She was created Princess Royal of the United Kingdom in 1841. She became queen of Prussia and Empress of Germany in 1888 until her husband's Friedrich's death a few months later. Her son Wilhelm II became German Emperor then. Her daughter Sophia of Prussia became Queen Consort of Greece Queen Consort of the Hellene. 

Increasing isolated after weddings of her daughters Viktoria Sophia and Margaret, Empress Dowager Victoria died of breast cancer in Kronberg im Taunus, Germany, on 5 August 1901, not longer after her mother death on 22 January 1901 .

Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn

The Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn KG, KT, KP, PC, GCMG, GCSI, GCIE, GCVO, GCB, GCStJ, (Arthur William Patrick Albert; 1 May 1850 – 16 January 1942) was a member of the British Royal Family, the third son and seventh child of Queen Victoria. Arthur served as the Governor General of Canada from 1911 to 1916. He was created Duke of Connaught and Strathearn and Earl of Sussex in 1874. He was the longest lived issue of Queen Victoria. He died in 1942 at age 91. He was the father of the Crown Princess of Sweden. 

Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany

The Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany (Leopold George Duncan Albert; 7 April 1853 – 28 March 1884) was a member of the British Royal Family, a son of Queen Victoria and Albert, Prince Consort. Leopold was later created the Duke of Albany, Earl of Clarence and Baron Arklow. He was diagnosed with haemophilia as a baby, which later led to his death as an adult after slipping on the floor.

Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra

The Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra (in Dutch: "Koninklijk Concertgebouworkest") is an orchestra in the Netherlands. The orchestra is based in Amsterdam. “Concertgebouw” (pronounced: “Con-SERT-ghe-bouw”) is the Dutch word for “concert hall”. For nearly a century the orchestra were just called “Concertgebouw Orchestra”, but in 1988 the Queen Beatrix gave them the "Royal" title.

The concert hall, called the Concertgebouw, was opened on 11 April 1888. The orchestra was formed later that year and gave its first performance on 3 November 1888 under Willem Kes, who was to be their conductor for seven years.

In 1895, Willem Mengelberg became chief conductor. He was to be their conductor for fifty years. He made them into a world-class orchestra. He is particularly remembered for his conducting of the music of Gustav Mahler and Richard Strauss whose music was new in those days.

As well as their chief conductor, the orchestra had assistant conductor positions called “first conductor” and “second conductor”. During Mengelberg’s time the “first conductors” included Karl Muck (1921-1925), Pierre Monteux (1924-1934), Bruno Walter (1934-1939), and Eugen Jochum (1941-1943), and the second conductors included the composer Cornelis Dopper, Evert Cornelis and Eduard van Beinum.

In 1945, after World War II had ended, Mengelberg was not allowed to conduct the orchestra because he had played to the Nazis. He was banned for six years from conducting them, but he died in 1951 just before the six years came to an end.

From 1945 to 1959, the orchestra's main conductor was Eduard van Beinum, who had sometimes conducted the orchestra since 1929. He was especially fond of the symphonies of Anton Bruckner, and he made recordings of Bruckner's Eighth and Ninth Symphonies for the Philips Records. Van Beinum conducted the orchestra until April 1959 when he suddenly had a heart attack and died during a rehearsal.
Bernard Haitink first conducted the Concertgebouw Orchestra on 7 November 1956. After van Beinum's death, Haitink became the orchestra's first conductor in September 1959. From 1961 to 1963, Haitink and Eugen Jochum shared the post of chief conductor of the orchestra. Haitink became the only chief conductor in 1963, and continued in this post until 1988. He had “assistant conductors”, including Edo de Waart and Hans Vonk.

Haitink made many recordings with the orchestra. In the early 1980s, the Dutch government was going to reduce the amount of money that the orchestra would get. This would mean that 23 musicians would have to lose their job. Haitink said he would resign if they did that. Fortunately the government changed their mind.

Riccardo Chailly became chief conductor of the orchestra in 1985. He recorded many symphonies with them including symphonies by Mahler, Bruckner and Shostakovich. When he left in 2004 Mariss Jansons became chief conductor.

In the December 2008 issue of Gramophone Magazine the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra was ranked as the best symphony orchestra in the world.



GNU GRUB

GNU GRUB ("GRUB" for short) is a boot loader package from the GNU Project. GRUB is the main example of the Multiboot Specification, which allows a user to have more than one operating systems on their computer at once, and to choose which one to run when the computer starts. GRUB can be used to select from different kernel images available on a particular operating system's partitions, as well as to pass boot-time parameters to such kernels.

When a computer is turned on, the computer's BIOS finds the primary bootable device (usually the computer's hard disk) and loads the initial bootstrap program from the master boot record (MBR), the first 512 bytes of the hard disk, and then transfers control to this code.

The MBR contains GRUB stage 1. Because of the small size of the MBR, Stage 1 just loads the next stage of GRUB (which may be physically elsewhere on the disk). Stage 1 can either load Stage 2 directly, or it can load stage 1.5: GRUB Stage 1.5 is located in the first 30 kilobytes of hard disk immediately following the MBR. Stage 1.5 loads Stage 2.

When GRUB Stage 2 receives control, it presents an interface to the user in order to select which operating system to boot. This normally takes the form of a graphical menu, although if this is not available or the user wishes further control, GRUB has its own command prompt, where the user can manually specify the boot parameters. GRUB can also be set to automatically load a particular kernel after a timeout period.

Once boot options have been selected, GRUB loads the selected kernel into memory and passes control on to the kernel, which then continues to start itself. At this stage GRUB can also pass control of the boot process to another loader, using "chain loading", for operating systems such as Windows that do not support the Multiboot standard. In this case, copies of the other system's boot programs have been saved by GRUB; instead of a kernel, the other system is loaded as though it had been started from the MBR. This may be yet another boot manager, such as the Microsoft boot menu, allowing further selection of non-Multiboot operating systems. (This behavior is often automatic when modern Linux distributions are installed "on top of" existing Windows systems, allowing the user to retain the original operating system without changes, including systems that contain multiple versions of Windows.)



Grub

Grub can refer to:





Mother Goose

Mother Goose is thought to be the most famous author of nursery rhymes. Some people say that the real "Mother Goose" lived in New England or France 300 years ago. A book of poems for children entitled "Mother Goose's Melody" was published in England in 1781, and the name "Mother Goose" has been associated with children's poetry ever since.


Tripe

Tripe is part of an animal's stomach often served as food.

Fruiterer

A fruiterer is a fruit seller. Fruiterer known also as "greengrocer" 

Jig

A jig is a lively dance.

Flemish

Flemish may refer to:



Ischaemia

In medicine, ischaemia is when the blood supply is blocked or restricted. This is usually caused by problems in the blood vessels, and causes damage to the body. It may also be spelled ischemia or ischæmia. It comes from the Greek words, "isch-" to "restrict" and "hema" or "haema" meaning "blood".


Angina pectoris

Angina pectoris (angina of the heart) is pain which is due to ischaemia of the heart muscle. A common cause of angina pectoris is when the heart is working harder than normal e.g. during exercise.

Wahhabi

Wahhabi (الوهابية) or Wahhabism is the conservative form of Sunni Islam practised in Saudi Arabia and Qatar. People think Muhammad ibn Abd-al-Wahhab, an 18th century scholar, started this belief. He wanted to see a return to the practices of the first three generations of Islamic history.

Some definitions or uses of the term Wahhabi Islam include:



Mu'awiya I

Mu'awiya I (Arabic: معاوية بن أبي سفيان) was the founder and first caliph of the Umayyad Caliphate. Previously, he served as the governor of Syria under caliph Umar () and then his cousin and caliph Uthman (). After Uthman was murdered, Mu'awiya, as a notable member of the Uthmaniyya, demanded Uthman's killers to be punished, but Ali () refused. Mu'awiya subsequently went to war with Ali for a few years. Ali was eventually killed by the Khawarij in January 661 and Hasan was elected caliph. Hasan gave the caliphate to Mu'awiya and both made peace. During Mu'awiya's reign, the Arab empire conquered much of North Africa, as well as Khurasan and Sijistan. Constantinople, the capital of the Roman Byzantine empire, was also besieged. During the last years of his caliphate, Mu'awiya declared his son Yazid to be his successor; a move which was opposed by several Muslim leaders, including Husayn ibn Ali.

Sunnis and Shias have both heaped opprobrium on Mu'awiya: in Sunnism, Mu'awiya is not regarded as a rightly guided caliph like Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman, and Ali; in Shi'ism, Mu'awiya is believed to have usurped the caliphate from Ali. Ibadis also disapprove of Mu'awiya, and modern Ibadi theologians defend the early Kharijite opposition to him. Mu'awiya has nevertheless been the subject of lavish praise in Arabic literature as the ideal ruler.

Bell tower

A bell tower (also belfry or campanile) is a tower which contains one or more bells, or which is designed to hold bells, even if it has none. They are usually built at a height that allows the sound to be heard at some distance. 

There are different ways to make the bells in a bell tower ring. In many cases, the bell is rung by pulling on a rope that is joined to the bell, making it swing on a hinge and the clapper hit the bell. Another way is to use a keyboard called a carillon. Sometimes, the bells are controlled by a clock mechanism or a computer. This lets them ring at certain times without the need for a human to do it.

There are no examples of bell towers in antiquity. The first to use a bell tower in a church was Paulinus of Nola, about the start of the 5th century. Bell towers in Italy have almost always been plain vertical towers not attached to a building (). From the beginning, bell towers in northern Europe have been attached to churches. They were known of in England at least by the time of Bede. When Hilda, Abbess of Whitby died (680 AD), a nun reported hearing the sound of a bell. Bell towers are repeatedly mentioned during the 8th century. One was the campanile of St. Peter's Basilica at Rome.

Gian Lorenzo Bernini was Pope Urban XIII's choice to design and build twin bell towers on the front of St. Peter's. His first tower shifted and large cracks appeared. Work on the second tower stopped. Bernini was blamed and called incompetent. When Pope Urban died in 1644 it was not decided what to do about the tower disaster. It was a major setback for Bernini's career and for the future of church bell towers. It was later discovered the ground under the towers was not stable. The towers were torn down. Bernini went on to have an otherwise brilliant career.

Muezzin

A muezzin is a man who calls Muslim people to prayer through the adhan from the minaret of a mosque. 

He leads the call ("adhan") to Friday service and the five daily prayers (also known as the salat) from one of the mosque's minarets. Blind people often got the position; this is so that they could not see the places where women gathered. Today, many mosques have electronic amplification, and the muezzin no longer needs to be on the minaret. 

In the city of Abu Dhabi, the call to prayer is coordinated, all mosques transmit the call of the muezzin of Sheikh Zayed Mosque. The idea for a similar system in Cairo failed in 2004.

Iqama

Iqama () is the second call to Islamic Prayer. It is given immediately before the prayer begins.

Aleppo

Aleppo ( ['ħalab], , ) is a city in northern Syria. From 2012 to 2016 it was a battlefield in the Syrian civil war. 

In 2010 it had an official population of 4.6 million. Then, Aleppo was the largest Syrian city. After 2010, however, Aleppo is probably the second-largest city in Syria after the capital Damascus.

Aleppo is one of the oldest continuously lived in (lived in all the time) cities in the world. People may have arrived in the 6th millennium BC. 

There was a large earthquake near Aleppo in 1138.

Mihrab

The Mihrab () is a niche in the wall of a mosque. It indicates the "qibla" (the direction of the Kaaba in Mecca, the direction that Muslims should face when praying). The wall in which a "mihrab" appears is the ""qibla" wall."

Culver City, California

Culver City is a city in western Los Angeles County, California. It is known for being the headquarters of NPR West and Sony Pictures and was at one time home to studios for NFL Network.

Majority rule

Majority rule is a way of making decisions in government or in voting. A decision is made if it gets more than half of the votes. Majority rule is often used in referendums, which is when voters decide if they want to make a law by voting yes or no.

Majority rule is not the same as a plurality vote. In Plurality voting, which is often used in elections, whoever gets the most votes wins. With a plurality vote, the winner can have fewer than half of the votes if there are more than two choices. Elections for the house of Commons and many similar parliamentary bodies are done by plurality.

The U.S uses a plurality rule in their presidential elections.

Some people have criticized majority rule because it can lead to the tyranny of the majority which is not true democracy, where people who are the majority might vote for something that helps them but hurts the people in the minority or may even cause the negation of universal human rights, like Enabling Act. To prevent them, limit of constitutionalism and rule of law are established by German Constitution, as well as Council of Europe and European Union. This was also used in Greek voting.

Jama Masjid

The Jama Masjid, also known as the Masjid-i Jahān-Numā (, which translates as the 'World-reflecting Mosque') is the principal mosque of Old Delhi in India. It was built in 1656 by the Mughals under Emperor Shah Jahan.

2006 Jama Masjid explosions

The 2006 Jama Masjid explosions were two explosions that occurred in the courtyard of Jama Masjid, a 17th-century mosque in Old Delhi (India) on April 14, 2006.

Babri Mosque

The Babri Mosque (; ), or Mosque of Babur was a mosque in Ayodhya, India. It was constructed by order of the first Mughal emperor of India, Babur, in Ayodhya in the 16th century. 

Statues of Hindu deities were kept in the mosque overnight and claimed by hindus as the birth place of lord Rama. 

Later, the site was declared disputed by the court. The mosque was destroyed in 1992 when a rally of Hindu extremists and nationalists entered in Ayodhya and demolished it. 

After the demolition of the Babri Mosque there was violence between Muslims and Hindus. On 27 September 2010 an Indian High Court (Allahabad High Court) decided that the Mosque was built on the Ram Temple which was destroyed by Babar. Allahabad High Court decided to split the site into three parts.

On 22 January 2024, Ram mandir was built upon the place while muslims where given another place to build a mosque.

Wudu

Wudu ( al-wuū', "ābdast", , wazū') is the Islamic act of washing parts of the body using water. It is necessary to do this before one prays.

7 July 2005 London bombings

The 7 July 2005 London bombings (also called 7/7) were suicide bomb attacks on public transport in London. British Muslim extremists did the attacks during the morning rush hour.

At 08:50 a.m. three bombs exploded within fifty seconds of each other on three London Underground trains. A fourth exploded an hour later at 09:47 on a bus in Tavistock Square. The bombs were homemade. They were carried in rucksacks and set off by the bombers.

There were many memorials and services in the United Kingdom and elsewhere. The memorials remembered those who died in the attacks, including a memorial in Hyde Park. There were 56 people who died from the attacks, and over 700 people were hurt in the attack.

At 8:49am, on 7 July 2005, three bombs were set off on London Underground trains within 50 seconds of each other:


A code amber alert was declared at 9:19am. London Underground began to stop the network's operations, ordering trains to continue only to the next station and stopping all services.
The effects of the explosions varied according to the differing designs of the tunnels in which each happened:

A fourth bomb exploded almost an hour after the attacks on the London Underground. It exploded on the deck of a number 30 double-decker bus. The bus was a Dennis Trident 2 from Stagecoach London. It was following the route from Marble Arch to Hackney Wick.

At its final destination, the bus turned around and started the return route to Hackney Wick. The bus left Marble Arch at 9:00am and arrived at Euston bus station, the destination, at 9:35am, where crowds of people had been evacuated from the tube and went on buses as a different way of transport.

The explosion at 9:47am in Tavistock Square caused the roof to come off and destroyed the back part of the bus. The explosion took place near BMA House, the headquarters of the British Medical Association, on Upper Woburn Place. A number of doctors and medical staff in or near that building were able to provide immediate emergency help.

People who saw the explosion reported seeing "papers and half a bus flying through the air". BBC Radio 5 Live and "The Sun" later reported that two injured bus passengers said that they saw a man exploding the bomb in the bus.

The position of the bomb inside the bus meant the front of the bus remained mostly undamaged from the explosion. Most of the passengers at the front of the top deck remained in the same condition as before, as did those near the front of the lower deck, including the driver. However, those at the back of the bus had more serious injuries, with a few people being blown away from the bus. The level of the damage caused to the victims' bodies resulted in a longer delay in announcing the death amount from the bombing while the police looked at how many bodies were there and whether the bomber was one of them. A few people nearby the bus were also hurt by the explosion and the surrounding buildings were damaged by debris.

The bombed bus was then covered with tarpaulin and removed so that they could look at the forensics at a secure Ministry of Defence site. The vehicle was later returned to Stagecoach and scrapped on 15 October 2009. A replacement bus, a new Alexander Dennis Enviro400, was named "Spirit of London".

784 people were injured and 52 people were killed by the bombers, not including the deaths of the bombers. The people who died were of many different backgrounds. Some of them were from places outside the United Kingdom. All those who died were UK residents, including exchange students. Because of train delays before the attacks and transport problems after attacks caused by them, a few people died aboard trains and buses they would not normally have taken. The people who died differed in age: the youngest was 20 and the oldest was 60 years old. The average age was 34.

Seven of the people were killed at Aldgate, six at Edgware Road, 26 at King's Cross and 13 at Tavistock Square.

784 people were injured by the attacks. Martine Wright, who lost her legs in the attack, would later play in the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Police officers and other emergency services workers helped those who were injured.

The four suicide bombers were:


All four of them were associated with Al Qaeda.

Three of the bombers were born in the United Kingdom, sons of Pakistani immigrants; Lindsay was a convert born in Jamaica.

Charles Clarke, Home Secretary when the attacks happened, described the bombers as "cleanskins" before their role in the attacks. This was a new word: it meant "unknown to the government". On the day of the attacks, all four had went to Luton, Bedfordshire, by automobile. The group then went to London by train. They were recorded on CCTV arriving at King's Cross station at about 8:30am.

Two of the bombers made recordings describing their reasons for becoming what they called "soldiers". In a taped broadcast by Al Jazeera on 1 September 2005, Mohammad Sidique Khan, described his motivation. The tape had been edited and mentioned al-Qaeda members Osama Bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri and Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, calling them "today's heroes". Khan's tape said:
The tape continued:
On 6 July 2006, a recorded statement by Shehzad Tanweer was broadcasted by Al-Jazeera. The video was thought to include statements and thoughts by al-Zawahiri. In the video, Tanweer said:
Tanweer thought that the people who weren't Muslims in Britain deserved to be attacked because they voted for a government which "continues to oppress our mothers, children, brothers and sisters in Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq and Chechnya".

Early reports suggested that a power surge on the Underground power grid had caused explosions in power circuits, but this was later found out to not be true. Some people suggested that the explanation had been made because of bomb damage to power lines along the tracks. The damage to the power lines caused power surges. A couple of hours after the bombings, Home Secretary Charles Clarke confirmed the incidents were terrorist attacks.

Although there were safety and police alerts at many areas across the United Kingdom, no terrorist attacks took place outside central London. Suspicious packages were found and removed in areas around the United Kingdom. 

"The Times" reported on 17 July 2005 that police sniper units were following many people thought to be part of al-Qaeda in Britain. The teams with guns were told to shoot to kill if there was proof that suggested that a person thought to be a terrorist had a bomb on them and didn't want to surrender when asked by police. A person part of the Metropolitan Police's Specialist Firearms Command said that they had been used more often to look at people who might be terrorists.

Vodafone reported that its telephone network reached the most it could at about 10am on the day of the bombings, and it was forced to start emergency plans to put emergency calls first. Other phone providers also said they had problems. The BBC thought that the telephone system may have been shut down by security services to prevent the possibility of mobile phones being used to trigger bombs. However, it was actually due to a higher amount of texts and calls being made by people. ACCOLC was working only in a area around Aldgate Tube Station because key emergency workers did not have mobile phones with ACCOLC. The problems with communication when the emergency was happening caused discussion about how to make London's emergency communications system better. Some people said there needed to be better ways to speak between emergency services.

For most of the day, central London's public transport system was largely out of service following the complete closure of the Underground and the Zone 1 bus network. The day after the attacks, most London Underground lines would open again. Most of the Zone 1 bus network would open again too. In August 2005, it was reported that when public transport opened again it lost 30% of passengers that were travelling before, with more people walking to where they want to go instead of using public transport. Most of the Underground, apart from the stations that were damaged by the bombs, opened again the next morning.

On 2 August, the Hammersmith & City line was reopened. The Piccadilly line started serving customers again on 4 August. On 4 August, the Circle line was reopened again. Before this, Circle line stations continued to have passengers as they were on other lines.

Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, was in Singapore when he heard about the bombings, after London won their bid to hold the 2012 Summer Olympics. Due to how big the attacks were, he gave a quickly made speech. In his speech, he said the attack was bad and "cowardly".

The first reports about the explosions were at 9:16am by Sky News, about half an hour after the first explosion. Sky News would also report the final explosion on the bus a few minutes after it happened. The reporter said that he thought a bomb had exploded on the bus.

BBC News received 1billion total attempts to access the website during the course of the day (including all images, text and HTML). At top times during the day there were 40,000-page requests per second for the BBC News website. The BBC also received complaints from unhappy people about images they showed when covering the attacks, and the BBC would say sorry for it.

On 12 July, the British National Party made leaflets showing images of the 'No. 30 bus' after it was destroyed in the attacks. The slogan, "Maybe now it's time to start listening to the BNP" was written down next to the image. Home Secretary Charles Clarke described it as an attempt by the BNP to use the attacks to improve how well they did in politics.

Some news outside the UK complained that many British governments had treated radical Islamist armed groups too well, as long as they weren't involved in attacking the UK.

Most United Kingdom newspapers and many worldwide newspapers would have stories and photos of the attacks on their front page. "The Independent" used statements from people who saw the attack happened or were on the transport when it happened.

Some people thought that the attacks caused a 'tipping point' in journalism. The Guardian said that the attacks helped start citizen journalism, and received images from citizens about the attacks. BBC News said that they received 22,000 texts and e-mails from people about the attacks and over 300 images, and said that these played a very important part in how they reported the attacks.

There were only a few reactions to the attack in the world economy as measured by financial market and exchange rate action. The value of the British pound to the U.S. dollar went down. The FTSE 100 Index fell by about 200 points during the two hours after the first attack, being the largest decrease since the invasion of Iraq. After the market closed, it had recovered to only 71.3 points (1.36%) down on the previous day's high.

US market values went up a bit, partly because how much the dollar went up compared to the pound and the euro. The Dow Jones Industrial Average went up from 31.61 to 10,302.29. The S&P 500 went up 2.93 points to 1,197.87 after going down as much as 1%.

On 9 July, the Bank of England, HM Treasury and the Financial Services Authority revealed that they had made plans to help stop the economy becoming extremely damaged. They did this immediately after the attacks to make sure that the UK financial markets could continue trading.

Even before the who the bombers were became known, former Metropolitan Police commissioner Lord Stevens said he believed that the bombers were most likely born or based in Britain, and would likely not fit the usual description of a suicide bomber.

Some newspapers in Iran blamed the bombing on British or American governments looking to have reason to continue the War on Terror, and claimed that the plan that included the bombings also involved more harassment of Muslims in Europe.

On 13 August, using what the police and MI5 sources, "The Independent" reported that the bombers did the attacks without help from al-Qaeda from somewhere outside the UK.

On 1 September, it was reported that al-Qaeda officially claimed that they did the attacks in a recording shown by Al Jazeera. However, an official investigation by the British government reported that the tape claiming that al-Qaeda did it had been edited after the attacks. The British government also said that the bombers did not have direct help from al-Qaeda. Zabi uk-Taifi, an al-Qaeda laeder arrested in Pakistan in January 2009, may have been involved in planning the bombings, according to the Pakistani government. Documents found by the German government on a person thought to be a terrorist arrested in Berlin in May 2011 have suggested that Rashid Rauf, a British al Qaeda member, played a very important role in planning the attacks.

A second claim of being behind the attack was posted on the internet by another al-Qaeda related group, Abu Hafs al-Masri Brigades. This claim was questioned, as the group had previously falsely claimed that they were behind events that were the result of technical problems. They had previously claimed they were behind the 2003 London blackout and the US Northeast blackout of 2003.

A poll of 500 British Muslims by Channel 4 News in 2007 found that 24% of them believed the four bombers that were behind the attacks did not actually carry them out.

There have been many different conspiracy theories proposed about the bombings, including the suggestion that the bombers were 'patsies', based on claims when the bombings of the trains happened, supposed explosions below the trains, and allegations of the faking of the one time labelled and dated photograph of the bombers at Luton station. Claims made by one theorist in the Internet video "7/7 Ripple Effect" were looked at by the BBC documentary series "The Conspiracy Files", in an episode named "7/7" first shown on 30 June 2009, which debunked many of the video's claims as false.

On the day of the bombings, Peter Power of Visor Consultants gave interviews on BBC Radio 5 Live and ITV saying that he was working on an attack management simulation drill, in the City of London. It was based on a situation in which multiple bombs were exploded at the same time, when he heard that an attack was going on in real life. He described this as a coincidence. After a few days he said it was a "spooky coincidence" on Canadian TV.

Alexander Litvinenko, a former officer of Russia's Federal Security Service, was asked who he thought the people who carried out the attacks were, in an interview. Litvinenko stated, "You know, I have spoken about it earlier and I shall say now, that I know only one organization, which has made terrorism the main tool of solving of political problems. It is the Russian special services."

Some of the conspiracy theories, such as those saying that there was a 5th bomber, were debunked after an official independent investigation.

Early on, there was a lot of confusion about what happened in the attacks. Police thought early on that military level plastic explosives were used. As the explosions were thought to happen at the same time, bombs with timed fuses might have been used. What the police thought changed as more information became available. Home-made organic peroxide-based explosives were used, according to a May 2006 report from the British government's Intelligence and Security Committee. The explosive was triacetone triperoxide.

Fifty-six people, including the four suicide bombers, were killed by the attacks. About 700 people were injured, and about 100 stayed in hospital after treatment. The incident was one the most deadly terror attacks in the United Kingdom.

Police looked at about 2,500 items of CCTV footage and forensic evidence from where the attacks took place. In the London Underground bombings, police said they believed the bombs were probably placed on the floors of the trains. The bombings were the first ever suicide attack in the British Isles.

Vincent Cannistraro, former head of the Central Intelligence Agency's anti-terrorism centre, said to "The Guardian" "two unexploded bombs were found as well as a device of a timer". This claim was mainly rejected by London's Metropolitan Police Service.

West Yorkshire Police raided six buildings in the areas near and in Leeds on 12 July: two houses in Beeston, two in Thornhill, one in Holbeck and one in Alexandra Grove in Hyde Park, Leeds. One man was arrested. Officers also raided a house on Northern Road in the Buckinghamshire town of Aylesbury on 13 July.

The police said a large amount of stuff that could be used as bombs was found in the Leeds raids and a controlled explosion was carried out at one of the houses. Explosives were also found in the vehicle associated with one of the bombers, Shehzad Tanweer, at Luton railway station. They were exploded in a controlled explosion by the police.

On 22 March 2007, three men were arrested as they were believed to have been involved with the bombings. Two of the men were arrested at 1pm at Manchester Airport, trying to go on a flight to Pakistan. They were arrested by officers who work against terrorism and had been following the men as part of an investigation. A third man was arrested in the Beeston area of Leeds at a home on the street where one of the suicide bombers had lived before the attacks.

The three arrested were thought to be friends of the bombers, living in the same area as them and going to the same mosque. They were put in court twice because of what they were thought to have done. This was because the jury in the first trial did not agree whether they were guilty or not. In the second trial, they were found to not have helped the bombers attack London, but the two arrested at the airport were later went to prison for 7 years for being taught in terrorism by al-Qaeda.

On 9 May 2007, police made four more arrests, three in Yorkshire and one in Selly Oak, Birmingham. The widow of Mohammed Sidique Khan, the person thought to be leader of the bombers, was one of those arrested for helping the terrorists.

Three of those arrested, including Khan's widow, were released on 15 May. The fourth person who was arrested, Khalid Khaliq, an unemployed father of three children, was charged on 17 July 2007 with having an al-Qaeda training book, but the charge was not related to the 2005 London attacks. These charges usually carry a maximum prison sentence of 10 years.

No warnings were given before 7 July bombings. The following are sometimes quoted as warnings either of the events to come or of some knowledge of future events.

"The Daily Telegraph" said that extreme imam Anwar al-Awlaki had inspired the bombers. The bombers also listened and wrote down what they heard al-Awlaki saying in lectures. His teachings were found in the ownership of people who were accused of helping the suicide bombers. Al-Awlaki was killed by a U.S. attack using drones in 2011.

In 2006, the government said they wouldn't hold a public investigation, saying that it would be silly. Prime Minister Tony Blair said an independent investigation would lower support for MI5. The leader of the opposition, David Cameron, said only a full investigation would "get to the truth". In reaction to discoveries about how big the security and police investigations into the bombers before the attack, the Shadow Home Secretary, David Davis, said: "It is becoming more and more clear that the story presented to the public and Parliament is at odds with the facts."

After David Cameron became Prime Minister in 2010, an independent coroner's investigation of the bombings started. Lady Justice Hallett was appointed to hear the investigation, which would consider how each victim died and if the MI5, if it had worked better, could have prevented the attack, and also improved the emergency service response.

After seven months of looking at and talking about proof, the investigation was released and read in the Houses of Parliament on 9 May 2011. It decided that the 52 people who the bombers killed had been illegally killed. It also said their deaths could not have been prevented, and they would probably have died no matter how much the emergency services tried to save them. Hallett said the that MI5 had not made every possible improvement since the attacks but that it was not "right or fair" to say more attention should have been paid to leader of the bombers Mohammad Sidique Khan before 7 July. She also decided that there should be no public investigation.

It was reported in July 2011 that families of some of the victims of the bombings may have had their telephones accessed by the "News of the World" after the attacks. The discoveries added to the then ongoing controversy over phone hacking.

The dads of two of the people killed in the bombings, one in the Edgware Road explosion and another at Russell Square, told the BBC that police officers looking into the alleged hacking had warned them that their contact details were found on a target list. A person who used to be a firefighter who helped hurt passengers get away from Edgware Road also was told by police who were looking into the hacking allegations. It later turned out he had been hacked multiple times by "News of the World". A few of survivors from the bombed trains also told the media that police had warned them their phones may have been accessed and their messages seen by hackers. In some cases police officers suggested that they should change security codes and PINs.

Two of the survivors of the attacks as well as the mum of one of the people who died sued "News of the World" for hacking their phones.

Since the bombings, the United Kingdom and other nations have remembered the victims in many different ways. Most of these memorials have included moments of silence, religious remembrance services and the laying of flowers at the attack sites. Foreign leaders have also remembered the dead by asking for their flags to be flown at half-staff. They also signed books showing that they were also sad about the attacks at embassies of the UK, and gave statements of support to the British people.

It was asked that the Union Flag be put at half-staff by the government.

A permanent memorial was opened on the 7 July 2009 by Prince Charles to remember the fourth anniversary of the bombings. On the ninth anniversary of the bombings, graffiti was found on the memorial. It would be removed soon after being found.

During the opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics, there was a memorial to the people who were killed by the bombings.

A remembrance religious service was held in St. Paul's Cathedral on 7 July 2015. This was shown on BBC One.

US President George W. Bush went to the British embassy the day after the bombings, after he came back from the G8 summit in Scotland. He signed a book saying that he was sad about the attacks. In Washington, D.C., the US Army band played "God Save the Queen". This was an idea that US Army veteran John Miska suggested to Vice Chief of Staff General Cody, outside the British embassy in the city. A similar memorial had been made by the Queen in the days after the September 11 attacks in 2001 where the Star Spangled Banner was played at Buckingham Palace's Changing the Guard. On 12 July, a Detroit Symphony Orchestra band group played the British national anthem during the before game celebrations of the Major League Baseball All-Star Game at Comerica Park in Detroit.

It was ordered that flags fly at half-staff across New Zealand and Canada.

Moments of silence took place in the European Parliament, the Polish parliament and by the Irish parliament on 14 July. The British national anthem was played at Plaza de Oriente in Madrid to remember the people who died from the attacks. The British ambassador to Spain and people in the Spanish Royal Family went there.

Mohammed Rehman and Sana Ahmed Khan were sent to life in prison on 29 December 2015 for preparing an act of terrorism. The plan was for it to be on the tenth anniversary of the 7 July 2005 London attacks. They had 10kg of urea nitrate to make bombs. Rehman called himself the 'silent bomber' and asked his Twitter followers to choose between the Westfield shopping centre or the London Underground as the place where the planned suicide bombing would take place. He was found by the police because of his posts on Twitter. Rehman was found and arrested a few days before the planned attacks.

Maliki

The Maliki (Arabic مالكي) madhhab is one of the four schools of Fiqh or religious law within Sunni Islam. It is the third-largest of the four schools. It is followed by about 15% of Muslims. Most of them are in North Africa and West Africa. 

Madh'hab

Madhhab (Arabic مذهب [mæðhæb] pl. مذاهب [mæðæːhıb]) is an Islamic school of law, or "fiqh" (religious jurisprudence). There are four sub-groups (Madh'hab)s within Sunni Islam; Maliki, Hanafi, Hanbali, and Shafi'i. Unlike Sunnis, Shias, and Ibadis, non-denominational Muslims are not affiliated with any school of thought (madhhab).

Masjid al-Haram

Al-Masjid al-Ḥarām (, ), is the largest mosque in the world. It is in the city of Mecca, Saudi Arabia. It is considered the holiest place on Earth by Muslims. It surrounds the Kaaba (a building which Muslims face while offering daily prayers). Besides the Kaaba, the mosque also contains other important sites, such as the Black Stone (which is a part of the Kaaba), the Zamzam Well, Maqam Ibrahim (footprint of Abraham) and the hills of Safa and Marwa. The mosque is also known as the Grand Mosque or the Great Mosque of Mecca. Masjid al-Haram is also the most expensive building on earth.

The mosque has been controlled by a lot of rulers. They all made contributions to the mosque in the form of expansions, renovations and decorations. Today, the mosque is under the rule of the King of Saudi Arabia. The latest major expansion was during King Fahd's reign. Further expansion was planned by the former ruler, King Abdullah. This mosque has nine minarets and three large domes. Like Masjid al-Nabawi in Medina, it also has undergone many renovations and expansions.

Muslims believe that the first Kaaba was built by angels. It was made out of red ruby.

After that, Allah (God in Islam) ordered Adam to rebuild the Kaaba. The Kaaba of Adam was later destroyed in the Great Flood during Noah's era.

According to Muslims, Abraham was ordered by Allah to construct the Kaaba at the place where Adam had previously built it. He, along with his son Ishmael, rebuilt the Kaaba. As they laid the bricks, Abraham realized that the walls of the Kaaba were too high for him to reach. So, he took a large rock and stood over it. As the wall gets higher, the rock also miraculously grows bigger to allow Abraham to reach the top of the walls. The rock, with the footprint of Abraham, is the "Maqam Ibrahim". After they have finished building, Allah sent down a white-colored stone from the Paradise down to Earth. The stone was placed on the corner of the Kaaba. This white stone became black because of the sins of the people that touched it. This stone is known as the "Hajar al-Aswad", which means "Black Stone".

Following that, Abraham received a revelation that ordered him to call everyone to perform pilgrimage to the Kaaba.

Mecca experienced very bad weather, heavy rains and floods. This heavily damaged the Kaaba. So, the Quraysh (tribe that ruled Mecca) decided to renovate the Kaaba. When it was time to put the Black Stone back to its original place, many people fought with each other to decide who should place the Black Stone. To prevent killing, they all decided that the first person to go through the 'Banu Shayba Gate' will determine who will place the stone. The person happened to be Muhammad. So, Muhammad came up with an idea. He placed the stone on a piece of cloth. Then, he asked a representative of each tribe to hold one of the edges of the cloth and raise it to its place. After that, he picked it up with his own hands and put it to its original place. In the end, everyone was satisfied.

Islamic calligraphy

Islamic calligraphy, also known as Arabic calligraphy, is the art of artistic handwriting, and by extension, of bookmaking. It is both an art, and a practical way of writing.

Arabic calligraphy may be found on tiles and other ornaments. The text usually comes from the Koran (Qur'an).

The different styles of Arabic writing mostly derive from early versions of the Koran. There are geometric styles such as Kufic, and cursive (flowing) styles like Naskh, Thuluth, and Muhaqqaq.


Decorum

Decorum (from the Latin: "proper, fit, becoming") was a principle of classical rhetoric, poetry and theatrical theory. 

Carsten Niebuhr

Carsten Niebuhr or Karsten Niebuhr (March 17, 1733 – April 26, 1815) was a German mathematician, surveyor, cartographer, and explorer.

Niebuhr was the son of a Hanoverian farmer. He was self-educated. He travelled throughout the Middle East including Arabia, Persia (Iran), Syria and India. He was the only surviving member of a Danish/German team after the others died from illness and malaria. He wrote at least two books on his trips to the region which were later translated in to English and published in two volumes in the 1790s. Later editions were published around 1825.

Niebuhr’s maps of the region including "Sinus Persicus", made about 1765 of the Persian Gulf is considered one of the most accurate of his time and was used for nearly 100 years.


Madrasa

Madrasa (, "madrasa" pl. , "madāris") is the Arabic word for any type of educational institution, secular or religious (of any religion). It is variously transliterated as madrasah, madarasaa, medresa, madrassa, madraza, madarsa, madrasseh, etc.

Umar

ʿUmar ibn al-Khaṭṭāb (, also spelled Omar, ) was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and second caliph in the succession of early leaders, who reigned from 634 until his assassination in 644. He succeeded Abu Bakr () as the second caliph of the Rashidun Caliphate on 23 August 634. Umar was a father-in-law of Muhammad. Umar was an expert Muslim jurist. He was known for his pious and just nature. It earned him the epithet "al-Farooq" which means "the one who distinguishes (between right and wrong)".

At first, Umar opposed Muhammad. After his conversion to Islam in 616, Umar became the first Muslim to openly pray at the Kaaba. Umar fought in almost all battles under Muhammad. After Muhammad's death in June 632, Umar pledged allegiance to Abu Bakr () as the first caliph. Umar served as the closest adviser to the Bakr until August 634. It was then that the dying Abu Bakr made Umar his successor.

Under Umar, the caliphate expanded. It ruled the Sasanian Empire and more than two-thirds of the Byzantine Empire. His attacks on the Sasanian Empire resulted in the conquest of Persia in less than two years. Jewish tradition says that Umar set aside the Christian ban on Jews and let them into Jerusalem and to worship. Umar was assassinated by the Persian slave Abu Lu'lu'a Firuz in November 644.

Umar is said to be one of the most powerful Muslim caliphs. He is revered in the Sunni Islamic tradition. Some hadiths say he was second greatest of the Sahabah after Abu Bakr. He is viewed negatively in the Twelver Shia tradition.



Prince Josias of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld

Prince Frederick Josias of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld (26 December 1737 – 26 February 1815) , was a famous general of the Habsburg Emperors.

Born at Schloß Ehrenburg in Coburg, he was the youngest son of Duke Francis Josias, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Anna Sophie, Princess of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt.

Josias joined the Habsburg military as Colonel in 1759. After participating in the Seven Years' War, he rose to the rank of Lieutenant Field Marshal by 1773. In the Russo-Turkish-Austrian war of 1788, he commanded an army corps under Freiherr von Laudon, occupying Moldavia, capturing Khotyn in Bessarabia and sharing in Aleksandr Suvorov's success in the Battle of Focşani (August 1, 1789). Having completely beaten the main Ottoman army under Grand Vizier Koca Yusuf Pasha in the Battle of Rymnik, he captured the greater part of Wallachia, including Bucharest, being welcomed by the population after the flight of Prince Nicholas Mavrogenes. Soon after that, he became a Field General.

During the occupation of Moldavia, Josias met Therese Stroffeck. On September 24, 1789, in the town of Roman, she gave birth to a son. The son's name was Frederick. Josias married Therese after their return to Coburg, on December 24. He then said that he was the father of Frederick. Frederick was by the Austrian Emperor on August 25, 1808. On February 17, 1853 the Duke Ernst II of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha created him "Freiherr von Rohmann", named after the place of his birth. But Frederick, because he was born before his parents were married, did not inherit the duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.

In 1793 and 1794, Josias commanded the army in the Austrian Netherlands during the Flanders Campaign. Because of his victories in the French Revolutionary Wars (in the Battle of Neerwinden (1793) and the Battle of Aldenhoven (1794)), he returned the region to Austrian control. Entering France, he took Condé, Valenciennes, Quesnoy and Landrecies. However, due to poor positioning he suffered a string of minor setbacks. This poor positioning was caused by disunity amongst the Allied powers and their forces. His army than suffered a decisive defeat at the Battle of Fleurus (26 June).

After these losses, Josias left the Netherlands. Habsburg diplomats had already decided to give up the region, anyway. Upset by both this and the policies of the Baron Thugut, Josias resigned as Field Marshal. The Count of Clerfayt took over the position. Josias then went to Coburg, where he later died.

2006 al-Askari mosque bombing

"This article is about the bombing that took place in 2006. For the later bombing see 2007 al-Askari mosque bombing"

The 2006 al-Askari mosque bombing occurred at the al-Askari mosque in the Iraqi city of Samarra, on February 22, 2006, at about 6:55 a.m. local time.

Jumu'ah

Jumu'ah () (also known as jum'ah, Friday prayer, etc.) is a congregational prayer ("salat") that Muslims hold every Friday, just after noon in "dhuhr".

Sunrise

Sunrise is the instant at which the upper edge of the Sun appears above the horizon in the east. It is the time when the twilight of night changes to morning. Its opposite is the sunset. 

Hanafi

The Hanafi (Arabic الحنفي) school is the oldest of the four schools of law "(Madhhabs)" or jurisprudence (Fiqh) within Sunni Islam.

Baitul Mukarram

Baitul Mukarram (; The holy house) is the national mosque of Bangladesh.

Musalla

al-Musallā, Arabic: ("al-musallā") is the name for an open space outside a mosque that is mainly used for praying. The words is derived from the verb ("sallā") which means to pray.

Shafi`i

The Syafi'i (Arabic: الشافعي) or Shafi'i is one of the four schools of jurisprudence within Sunni Islam, third largest by population, and it was founded by Imam Syafi'i.

It is practiced in this Asian and African parts:

South Asia: Maldives, Sri Lanka and most of South Indian states including Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh comes with Maharashtra, along with the largest city Mumbai.

Southeast Asia: Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, southern Philippines and Thailand.

Western Asia: Eastern part of Turkey, large parts of Hadramawt, and Levant.

Africa: Ethiopia, Eritrea, Kenya, Tanzania and Mozambique.

Hanbali

Hanbali () is one of the four schools (Madhhabs) of Fiqh or religious law within Sunni Islam. It is based on the interpretation of Ahmad ibn Hanbal and is influential in Saudi Arabia. 

Minbar

A minbar (also called mimbar sometimes, ) is a special place in a mosque. It is used by the Imam to speak to the congregation, to deliver sermons. Usually, minbars are raised (to be higher than the crowd, much like pulpits); These sermons are usually called "khutbah" ( خطبه ). In a minbar, the speaker is standing while he is giving the lecture. An alternative to this is to have a Hussainia where the speaker can sit down while giving the lecture. 

Very often, the minbar is shaped like a small tower. The minbar is located to the right of the mihrab, the niche that indicates the direction of prayer (i.e. towards Mecca). 

Iman (concept)

Iman () is an Islamic term usually translated as "belief or faith". It is often used to refer to the strength of conviction in a Muslim.

Maghrib

Maghrib () is the fourth daily salat in Islam, offered at sunset.

Voter registration

Voter registration is needed in some democracies for citizens and residents to check in with some central registry so that they will be allowed to vote in elections. In Australia, for example, everyone over the age of 18 must register with the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC). Their names are then added to the electoral roll, a list of all people able to vote in future elections. Part of the AEC's job is make sure everyone who is allowed to vote is listed on the roll. They also have to make sure that people who have died are removed from the lists.

Petition

A petition is a request to change some thing. They are often made to a government official or public entity. Petitions to a deity are a form of prayer. To make a petition is one of civil rights called right to petition.

"Petition" can also be the title of a legal pleading that initiates a legal case. The initial pleading in a civil lawsuit that seeks only money (damages) might be called (in most U.S. courts) a "complaint". An initial pleading in a lawsuit that seeks non-monetary or "equitable" relief, such as a request for a writ of "mandamus" or "habeas corpus", custody of a child, or probate of a will, is instead called a "petition". A petitioner is a person who pleads with governmental institution for a legal remedy or a redress of grievances, through use of a petition.

Texaco Cup

The Texaco Cup was an association football competition in England.

Finals played over two legs except 1973-74, aggregate score given.

Rous Cup

The Rous Cup was an association football competition in the second half of the 1980s. It was contested between England, Scotland and, in later years, a guest team from South America.

Taça de Portugal

The Taça de Portugal (Translation: Cup of Portugal) is an association football competition. It is the cup competition for teams from Portugal. S.L. Benfica is the most successful team in this cup. They have won 26 Taça de Portugals, with their most recent win happening in 2017. 

Finsbury Park Mosque

The Finsbury Park Mosque, also known as the North London Central Mosque, in Finsbury Park, London, is a mosque that was built in the 1990s to serve the large Muslim population in the area.

Primeira Liga

Primeira Liga is a football league which is top division in Portugal.


Peaceful coexistence

Peaceful coexistence was a theory developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War that said that socialist and capitalist states could 'accept' each other. The idea of peaceful coexistence came from before the Communist leader Stalin’s death, as Georgy Malenkov called for it in 1952. But it was more clear after Stalin’s death in 1953 where destalinization (removing the personality and politics of Stalin) began. 

UEFA Cup Winners' Cup

The UEFA Cup Winners' Cup was an association football club competition which took place every year between winners of all European domestic cup competitions. The first competition was held in the 1960–61 season, and the last in 1998–99. The competition was then abolished to make way for a further expansion to the UEFA Champions League, with domestic cup winners now gaining entry into the UEFA Cup.

Bourke, New South Wales

Bourke is a town and Local Government Area (see Bourke Shire Council) in the north of New South Wales, Australia.

Shiraz

Shiraz is an important city in Southern Iran. About 1.4 million people live there. Shiraz is the fourth biggest city in Iran by population, and is the capital of Fars Province.

Shiraz (disambiguation)

Shiraz may refer to:


People:

Other:

Carlsberg

Carlsberg is a brewery in Denmark. Its headquarters are in Valby. The first beer was manufactured on November 10, 1847. In 1968, Carlsberg opened its first brewery in Malawi, Blantyre.

English Football Hall of Fame

The English Football Hall of Fame is in the National Football Museum in Preston, England.

Email headers

On the Internet, a header is extra information about a group of data. When someone sends an email, this information might contain when the email was sent, or some data about who sent the email (such as their IP address). You can think of email headers like the address and postage stamp on the outside of an envelope sent through regular mail.

Sometimes, this happens with other data (which is not an email) too. Computers often communicate with each other to transmit other kinds of data, like how to display a webpage, or the contents of an image. When this happens, other headers also come along with it.


Isfahan

Isfahan or Esfahān (historically also rendered as "Ispahan" or "Hispahan", , , "Esfahān") is the capital of Esfahan Province in Iran. It is about 340 km south of Tehran. It has a population of 1,583,609. It is Iran's third largest city after Tehran and Mashhad.

Isfahan was once one of the largest cities in the world. It was strong from 1050 to 1722, particularly in the 16th century under the Safavid dynasty. During this time it was the capital of Persia for the second time in its history. Even today, the city keeps much of its past glory. It is famous for its Islamic architecture, with many beautiful boulevards, covered bridges, palaces, mosques, and minarets.

The Naghsh-e Jahan Square in Isfahan is one of the largest city squares in the world. It is an outstanding example of Iranian and Islamic architecture. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The city also has a many historic monuments.

Residentie Orchestra

The Residentie Orchestra (Dutch: Residentie Orkest) is an orchestra from The Hague in the Netherlands. Outside the Netherlands it is often known as The Hague Philharmonic. The name “Residentie” (“Residence”) shows that it comes from The Hague, which is where the Dutch parliament meets. The Hague is the “residence of the Queen’s parliament”, although it is not the capital city of the Netherlands. The orchestra are internationally famous.

The orchestra started to form in 1903 when a group of musicians who called themselves the “Residentie Orkest” gave a concert in the Gebouw voor Kunsten en Wetenschappen (Building for Arts and Sciences) in the centre of the Hague. By the end of the following year they had formed to give regular concerts. Their concert on 20 November 1904 is taken to be the official beginning of the orchestra.

The first conductor of the orchestra was Henri Viotta, who soon made it a very good orchestra. Famous composers came to conduct their own works with the orchestra. These included Richard Strauss, Igor Stravinsky, Max Reger and Maurice Ravel. The orchestra was sometimes conducted by the Dutch composer Peter van Anrooy, as well as their guest conductor George Szell.

The orchestra continued to be internationally known, and some very famous conductors came to conduct the orchestra, including Arturo Toscanini, Bruno Walter, Leonard Bernstein and Hans Knappertsbusch.
During the years after World War II, from 1949 to 1973, Willem van Otterloo was the chief conductor. They gave regular concerts in the Hague and in Amsterdam and made recordings for Philips Gramophone. Van Otterloo introduced them to many different styles of music. As in its earlier days, the orchestra often played modern music conducted by the composers: Bruno Maderna, Mauricio Kagel, John Cage and Pierre Boulez conducted their works. Recordings were made with other conductors including Gennady Rozhdestvensky and Evgenii Svetlanov who included music by less well-known Russian composers.

Jaap van Zweden, who conducted the orchestra for the first five years of this century, took them on tour to Japan and South America and they made recordings to celebrate 100 years of the orchestra. Van Zweden is still Honorary Guest Conductor of the orchestra.

Today the orchestra’s chief conductor is Neeme Järvi. Many new things have been started, including some concerts given by the Residentie Scratch Orchestra, in which amateur players can join the professional players of the orchestra to give a concert.

The Residentie Orchestra gave many of their concerts in the Gebouw voor Kunsten en Wetenschappen (more simply known as “K&W Building”), but also the summer concerts in the Kurzaal in Scheveningen, the seaside resort of the Hague, were very famous. Until 1915 these had been given by the Orchestre Lamoureux. The Residentie took them over and continued them until 1968.

The orchestra moved out of the K&W Building in 1964. Shortly afterwards the building was destroyed by fire. The Residentie Orchestra gave their regular concerts in the Kurzaal until 1968 when they moved to the Congresgebouw (Congress Building) in the west of the Hague. This was still not a very good concert hall and in 1987 they were able to move to the new Dr. Anton Philipszaal in the centre of the town. There are plans now to build a completely new arts complex there.



Al-Azhar University

Al-Azhar University is a university and mosque in Cairo, Egypt. It is the main centre of Arabic literature and Sunni Islamic learning in the world. It is also the world's second-oldest surviving university. It was founded in 975 by the Fatimids of the Shia tradition.

Dar al-Ifta al-Misriyyah is the "Fatwa" department of Al Azhar university headed by Grand Imam of Al Azhar. 

Imam Ali Mosque

The Imām ‘Alī Holy Shrine (), also known as Masjid Ali or the Mosque of ‘Alī, is a mosque in Najaf, Iraq. 

Imam Reza shrine

Imām Rezā shrine () is a complex in Mashhad, Iran. It contains the mausoleum of Imām Ridhā, the eighth Imām of Twelver Shi'ites. Also in the complex are the Goharshad Mosque, a museum, a library, seminaries, a cemetery, a dining hall for pilgrims, vast prayer halls, and other buildings.

This complex is the center of tourism in Iran. It is visited by 15 to 20 million pilgrims every year.

Qibla

Qiblah (, also transliterated as Kiblah) is an Arabic word for the direction that should be faced when a Muslim prays during Salah. Most mosques contain a niche in a wall that indicates the qiblah.

First Qibla;Unlike the biography stories that are composed of traditional rumor compilations, based on text and archaeological research, and hypothesized that the "Masjid al-Haram" was not located in Mecca, but in the north-west Arabian Peninsula. 

Canadian archeology and Islamic history researcher Dan Gibson discovered that the oldest mosque, palace and cemetery positionings point to Petra. He found that it was the place where Muhammad and the first Muslims lived, and that the first direction of qibla for the Muslims was facing Petra.

Terracotta Army

The Terracotta Army is the buried army of Qin Shi Huang, an ancient Chinese emperor. These ancient sculptures were built and buried over two thousand years ago near the city of Xi'an. They were discovered in 1974 by farmers digging a well looking for underground water. Over a thousand terracotta warriors and horses have been uncovered since then. At least 6,000 more are thought to remain buried still.

According to the Chinese historian Sima Qian, Qin Shi Huang ordered this army to be built long before he became the first Emperor of all China in 221 BC. Work started when he was King of Qin in 247 BC. They were constructed to protect him in the afterlife. He died in 210 BC. Over 700,000 workers were needed to build the underground city where he was buried. It is thought to be filled with riches and decorated beautifully. The Chinese government has no plans to uncover the underground palace.

Each terracotta warrior is made of clay. They are around 2 meters tall, with commanders in the army being the tallest. The sculptures are so detailed that it is possible to guess the age, rank and personality of each one. None of the soldiers are the same. Some carry weapons such as daggers, bows and arrows, swords, spears or axes.

The terracotta army figures were made in workshops. The head, arms, legs and torsos were created separately and then assembled. Studies show that eight face moulds were most likely used, and then clay was added to provide individual facial features. Once put together, features such as facial expressions were added. 

It is thought their legs were made the same way that terracotta drainage pipes were made at the time. This would make it an assembly line production, with specific parts manufactured and assembled after being fired, as opposed to crafting one solid piece and subsequently firing it. In those times, each workshop had to write its name on items produced. Once they were completed, the terracotta figures were placed in the pits in precise military formation according to rank and duty.

Iftar

Iftar () also Afur in (Somali language) refers to the evening meal for breaking (fasting) during the Islamic month of Ramadan.
Muslims fast in the holy month of Ramadan.
At the time of Maghrib (just after sunset) they eat and drink.

Dua for iftar is
ذَهَبَ الظَّمَأُ وَابْتَلَّتِ الْعُرُوقُ وَثَبَتَ الأَجْرُ إِنْ شَاءَ اللَّهُ ."Thirst has gone, the arteries are moist, and the reward is sure, if Allah wills." [1]


Potluck

A potluck is a gathering of people. Every person is expected to bring a dish of food to share with the other people.

Khatib

Khatib or khateeb ( "khaṭīb") is an Arabic term used to describe a person who delivers the sermon ("khuṭbah"), during the Friday prayer or Eid prayers.

Khutbah

Khutbah () is the primary formal occasion for public preaching in the Islamic tradition. 

Gymnasium

A gymnasium (often called a gym) is a place used for physical activity. The word "γυμνάσιον" (gymnasion) was used in Ancient Greece. It meant a place for both physical and intellectual education of young men (see gymnasium (ancient Greece)). 

The intellectual education meaning persisted in German and other languages to mean a certain type of school providing secondary education, the Gymnasium, whereas in English the meaning of physical education was pertained in the word gym. However, the word "gymnasium" is not used very often in English nowadays. The term favoured in English is "sports centre", which perhaps seems more natural.

Some gyms offer memberships where people can train to improve their physical appearance and health. Commercial gyms offer sometimes help from qualified trainer. Again, another term is more used today: "fitness centre".

Sports such as basketball and volleyball are often played in gymnasia.

Sulayman Pasha Mosque

The Sulayman Pasha Mosque is a mosque in Cairo, Egypt. It was built in 1528.

Nasir al-Mulk Mosque

Nasir al-Mulk Mosque (Nasir ol molk) is a traditional mosque in Shiraz, Iran.

Vault (architecture)

A Vault (French. "voute," Italian. "volta," German. "Gewölbe," Polish. "sklepienie", Spanish. "bóveda") is an architectural term for an arched form used to provide a space with a ceiling or roof.

Jannah

Jannah () is the Islamic conception of paradise. The Arabic word "Jannah" is a short version of the word "Garden"

Muslims believe that Jannah is pure happiness that lasts forever. Jannah is described as a garden with beautiful features and different levels.

Salat al-Janazah

Salat al-Janazah () is the funeral prayer held by Muslims before the burial but after the shrouding of the body.
Muslims do this so their soul can rise to Allah.The people prying ask for forgiveness from Allah to let te person go to heaven.

Sunnah salat

Sunnah salat () are optional prayers that can be performed by Muslims at almost any time of the day. These prayers are performed in addition to the five daily prayers, which are compulsory for all Muslims.

Eid al-Adha

Eid al-Adha ( "‘Īdu l-’Aḍḥā") "Festival " or "Greater Ibrahim" is a religious festival celebrated by Muslims all over the world. It is when Muslims sacrifice a goat, sheep, cow, camel, and bull sending part of the meat to poor people as a donation. It marks the end of the pilgrimage hajj for the millions of Muslims who make the trip to Mecca each year and pray 5 times a day. They like to tell Allah what they are thinking and hope for him to help them, and remember Ibrahim and Isma’il’s courage and devotion to God.

The festival is to celebrate Ibrahim's (Abraham) willingness to sacrifice his son, Isma’il, because Allah told him to do so in a dream. Showing that he loved Allah more than his own son. And at the final moment, after taking his son's consent, as he was swinging his axe to kill his son God told an angel to switch a lamb instead of his son, and this act of sacrificing a lamb is copied by Muslims all over the world on Eid.

Ibrahim was tempted by Satan not to listen to God, and Ibrahim drove Satan away by throwing pebbles at him. This is also still commemorated by Muslims during Hajj.

The Eid prayer must be offered in congregation. It consists of two Rakaah (units) with seven Takbirs in the first Raka'ah and five Takbirs in the second Raka'ah.

The sacrifice of an animal, usually a cow, sheep or a goat, is a very important part of Eid. The act repeats what Ibrahim did, and also shows Muslims' devotion to God (Allah).

Muslims celebrate by having a feast, and giving gifts to the poor. In some Muslim traditions gifts are also given to children. In Muslim countries the day is given as a national holiday.


Salat al Eid

Salat al Eid () also known as Salat al Eidain () is the special prayer offered to commemorate two Islamic festivals. Both the Eids are collectively known as Eidain (عيدين) in Arabic language. The two Islamic festivals are:


Convention center

A convention center, in American English, is an exhibition hall, or conference center. It is designed to hold a convention. In British English very large venues suitable for major trade shows are known as exhibition centres. The term "convention centre" is sometimes used for intermediate venues between exhibitions centres and "conference centres", which are much smaller and contain lecture halls and meeting rooms.

Al Abbas Mosque

The Al-‘Abbās Mosque or Masjid al-‘Abbās () is the mausoleum of ‘Abbās ibn ‘Alī. It is across from the Imām Husayn Mosque in Karbalā, Iraq.

Suhoor

Suhoor () is also called Sehri, Sahari, "'suhoor"', "'pisht lamae"' and "'pishmaney"' in other languages. It is an Islamic term referring to the meal had early in the morning by Muslims before fasting. It is recommended for Muslims to eat Complex carbohydrates. 

Fajr

The Fajr () prayer is the first of the five daily prayers ("salat") recited by practising Muslims.
Muslims believe that "He who performs the dawn prayer (fajr) will be under the protection of Allah." (Sahih Muslim, Hadith# 657

Isha'a

The Isha () prayer is the night-time daily prayer recited by practising Muslims. It is the fifth of the five daily prayers ("salah").

Isha'a is one of the Muslim prayers. This prayer is used at nightfall before they go to sleep. 

Qadr Night

]

Laylat al-Qadr () (also known as Shab-e-Qadr), basically the Night of Decree or Night of Measures, is the anniversary of two very important dates in Islam. They occurred in the month of Ramadan. It is the anniversary of the night Muslims believe the first verses of the Qur'an were revealed to the Islamic prophet Muhammad.


Itikaf

Itikaf or Etikaf or E'tikaf is a practice in the Islamic faith. It consists of a period of retreat in a mosque, for a certain number of days in accordance with the believer's own wish.That number of days is 10 days. Ramadan is a perfect opportunity to do this. During Itikaf the people spend the last set of Ramadan in the mosque worshipping Allah. They spend their nights in worship by reciting verses from the Qur'an and praying "thahajjud". During Itikaf, the believers stay at the mosque. E'tikaf is performed during the last set of Ramadan because "laylatul qadr" (the night when the Quran was revealed) is most probably expected in it.The Muslims also worship ALLAH more and reflect about what they have done in the past.

Saturn's Norse group of satellites

The Norse group is a collection of moons of the planet Saturn that go around the planet in a different direction to the spin of Saturn. They also go in an odd ellipsis direction instead of a circle.

The names of this group come from gods from Norway. However, Phoebe is a Greek god, because it was discovered first.

Saturn has at least 61 moons, which can be put into ten groups. The Norse group is one of these groups, as is the Inuit group, and the Gallic group.

Here are all the moons in the Norse group. The moons at the top of the list are closer to Saturn than those at the bottom of the list.


Marcelo H. del Pilar

Marcelo Hilario del Pilar y Gatmaitan (August 30, 1850 – July 4, 1896), was a leading propagandist of the Philippine Revolution in 1896.

Marcelo H. del Pilar was born in Cupang (now Barangay San Nicolas), Bulacan, on August 30, 1850, to parents Julián del Pilar and Blasa Gatmaytan. He studied at the Colegio de San José and later at the University of Santo Tomas, where he finished his law course in 1880. In 1882, del Pilar founded the nationalist newspaper "Diariong Tagalog" (Tagalog Newspaper). He organized various anti-friar demonstrations while in the Philippines. He also wrote anti-friar pamphlets like the "Dasalan at Tocsohan", "Caiigat Cayo", etc. Del Pilar went to Spain in 1888 to escape persecution by the Spanish authorities. He became the second editor of "La Solidaridad" (Solidarity) in Madrid. 

Publication of the "La Solidaridad" stopped in 1895 due to lack of money. Del Pilar decided to return to the Philippines to lead a revolution against Spain. However, he cancelled his trip due to his illness. Del Pilar died of tuberculosis in Barcelona on July 4, 1896, a pauper, away from his wife and 2 children.


Slut

Slut is a broad word that usually means a woman who has sex with a lot of people. It is a bad word and is generally meant to be offensive to whomever it is describing. It is an insult, and some people would also call it a swear word. Originally it meant "A woman of dirty, slovenly or untidy appearance".

The word was used as early as the 1300s. Geoffrey Chaucer used the adjective "sluttish" (referring to a untidy appearance) in "The Canterbury Tales".
From the late 20th century, there have been attempts to reclaim the word. There have been various SlutWalk parades; sone people see the title as a source of pride.

King Fahd Mosque, Culver City

The King Fahad Mosque is a mosque in Culver City, California. It is significant in the Muslim community. A mosque is the main public building in Islam. As a gift to the Muslim community of Southern California from Saudi Arabia, Prince Abdulaziz Bin Fahad Bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud, Minister of State and Cabinet Member, provided funding for the land in 1993. King Fahad pledged funds for the construction of the building in 1995. It will serve as a religious and educational center for both Muslims and non-Muslims, worldwide.

Inside the Mosque, the Qiblah (direction of prayer) was built facing towards the Ka'ba (mosque) in the city of Makkah in Saudi Arabia. This is the direction that all Muslims face when they pray. Following Islamic tradition, there is a marble facade, hand made tiles from Turkey, and a 72 foot high minaret topped with a gold leaf crescent. The minaret is an architectural symbol of Islam.

The building covers . It is has a central prayer area, an auditorium, conference rooms, and modern amenities for wudu (a-self-purification process performed before prayer).

The King Fahad Mosque is located at 10980 Washington Boulevard in Culver City, California. It is open daily for all five prayers. Owned and operated by The Islamic Foundation of Shaikh Ibn Taimmiyyah, the entire project was guided by Director General, Dr. Khalil Al Khalil. The Islamic Foundation of Shaikh Ibn Taimmiyyah is located across the street from The King Fahad Mosque at 11004 Washington Boulevard.

Ibn Taymiyah Foundation has supervised the project of King Fahad Mosque in Los Angeles since its beginning. It is responsible for management and future activities. The establishment of this foundation dates back to 1400 AH (1980 CE). Its activities began in the "Muslim Student House" in the city's western area. The idea developed further and a house was purchased in the same area for prayers, lectures and Dawa activities.

The foundation is an Islamic charity organization legally recognized by United States authorities. It is exempted from taxes, entitled to own property and practice religious, educational, informational and intellectual activities throughout the United States. 

The foundation's established objectives are:


The foundation supervises two other mosques: 


The foundation supervises "Zamzam Schools" for girls' education and the memorization of the Qur'an.

Jewish Defense League

The Jewish Defense League (JDL) is a Jewish organization started in the US in 1968. Its stated goal is to "protect Jews from antisemitism by whatever means necessary". The JDL was suspected of plotting to bomb the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City, California. The FBI called the JDL a ""right-wing terrorist group"".

Hassan Bek Mosque

The Hassan Bek Mosque (, , also known as the Hasan Bey Mosque) is a mosque in Jaffa, which is now part of the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality, in Israel. It is considered to be one of the most well-known mosques. It's sole minaret was restored two times.

Cultural center

A cultural center (or cultural centre) is an organization, building or complex that promotes culture and arts.


Fahd of Saudi Arabia

King Fahd bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud, Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, (early 1920s - August 1, 2005) was the King of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. He was also the leader of the House of Saud and Prime Minister. One of his sons was Abdul Aziz bin Fahd.

History of saffron cultivation

The history of saffron growing reaches back more than 3,000 years. The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called "Crocus cartwrightianus". Humans began choosing wild plants that had long "stigmas". Gradually, a form of "C. cartwrightianus", "C. sativus", came into being in the late Bronze Age Crete. Experts believe that the first document to mention saffron is a 7th-century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal. Since then, we have found evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years.
The Minoans had pictures of saffron in their palaces as long ago as 1500–1600 BC, showing how it could be used as a medicine. Later, Greek legends told of sea voyages to Cilicia, where adventurers hoped to find the world's most valuable saffron. Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus. Ancient Mediterranean peoples - including perfumers in Egypt, physicians in Gaza, townspeople in Rhodes, and the Greek "hetaerae" courtesans- used saffron in their perfumes, ointments, potpourris, mascaras, divine offerings, and medical treatments.
In late Hellenistic Egypt, Cleopatra used saffron in her baths to make her feel good. Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all varieties of gastrointestinal ailments. Saffron was also used as a fabric dye in such Levant cities as Sidon and Tyre. Aulus Cornelius Celsus prescribes saffron in medicines for wounds, cough, colic, and scabies, and in the mithridatium. Such was the Romans' love of saffron that Roman colonists took their saffron with them when they settled in southern Gaul, where it was extensively cultivated until Rome's fall. Competing theories state that saffron only returned to France with 8th century AD Moors or with the Avignon papacy in the 14th century AD.

Paints made from saffron were being used for drawing 50,000 years ago. These have been found in the country that is today called Iraq. Later, people called the Sumerians used wild-growing saffron in their remedies and magical potions. Traders carried saffron for long distances before the 2nd millennium BC. Ancient Persians were growing their own type of saffron ("Crocus sativus" 'Hausknechtii') in Derbena, Isfahan, and Khorasan by the 10th century BC. Sometimes saffron threads were woven into textiles. They were given as offerings to the gods and used in dyes, perfumes, medicines, and body washes. Saffron threads were also scattered across beds and mixed into hot tea as a way of curing sad feelings. Other people were afraid that the Persians would use saffron as a drug and aphrodisiac. During his Asian campaigns, Alexander the Great used Persian saffron in his tea, rice, and baths to help heal his battle wounds. Alexander's troops copied their leader's actions and brought the habit of saffron-bathing back to Greece.

No one knows how saffron arrived in South Asia. Traditional Kashmiri and Chinese accounts date its arrival anywhere between 900–2500 years ago. Meanwhile, historians studying ancient Persian records date the arrival to sometime prior to 500 BC, attributing it to either Persian transplantation of saffron corms to stock new gardens and parks or to a Persian invasion and colonization of Kashmir. Phoenicians then marketed Kashmiri saffron as a dye and a treatment for melancholy. From there, saffron use in foods and dyes spread throughout South Asia. For example, Buddhist monks in India adopted saffron-coloured robes after the Buddha Siddhartha Gautama's death. However, the robes were not dyed with costly saffron but turmeric, a less expensive dye, or jackfruit.

Some historians believe that saffron first came to China with Mongol invaders by way of Persia. On the other hand, saffron is mentioned in ancient Chinese medical texts, including the forty-volume "Shennong Bencaojing" (神農本草經—"Shennong's Great Herbal", also known as "Pen Ts'ao" or "Pun Tsao") pharmacopoeia, a tome dating from 200–300 BC. Traditionally attributed to the legendary "Yan" ("Fire") Emperor (炎帝) Shennong, it documents 252 phytochemical-based medical treatments for various disorders. Yet around the 3rd century AD, the Chinese were referring to saffron as having a Kashmiri provenance. For example, Wan Zhen, a Chinese medical expert, reported that "[t]he habitat of saffron is in Kashmir, where people grow it principally to offer it to the Buddha." Wan also reflected on how saffron was used in his time: "The [saffron crocus] flower withers after a few days, and then the saffron is obtained. It is valued for its uniform yellow colour. It can be used to aromatise wine."

In Europe, saffron cultivation declined steeply following the Roman Empire's fall. Saffron was reintroduced when the Islamic civilization "Al-Andalus" spread to Spain, France, and Italy. During the 14th century Black Death, demand for saffron-based medicine skyrocketed, and much saffron had to be imported via Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes. The theft of one such shipment by noblemen sparked the fourteen-week long "Saffron War". The conflict and resulting fear of rampant saffron piracy spurred significant saffron cultivation in Basel, which grew prosperous. Cultivation and trade then spread to Nuremberg, where epidemic levels of saffron adulteration brought on the "Safranschou" code, under which saffron adulterers were fined, imprisoned, and executed. Soon after, saffron cultivation spread throughout England, especially Norfolk and Suffolk. The Essex town of Saffron Walden, named for its new specialty crop, emerged as England's prime saffron growing and trading center. However, an influx of more exotic spices such as chocolate, coffee, tea, and vanilla from newly contacted Eastern and overseas countries caused European cultivation and usage of saffron to decline. Only in southern France, Italy, and Spain, did significant cultivation endure.

Europeans brought saffron to the Americas when immigrant members of the Schwenkfelder Church left Europe with a trunk containing saffron corms; indeed, many Schwenkfelders had widely grown saffron in Europe. By 1730, the Pennsylvania Dutch were cultivating saffron throughout eastern Pennsylvania. Spanish colonies in the Caribbean bought large amounts of this new American saffron, and high demand ensured that saffron's list price on the Philadelphia commodities exchange was set equal to that of gold. The trade with the Caribbean later collapsed in the aftermath of the War of 1812, when many saffron-transporting merchant vessels were destroyed. Yet the Pennsylvania Dutch continued to grow lesser amounts of saffron for local trade and use in their cakes, noodles, and chicken or trout dishes. American saffron cultivation survived into modern times mainly in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.


Ain al-Yaqeen

Ain al-Yaqeen (English: Heart of the Matter) is an Arab news magazine. It is published every week. It is mainly about politics.


Bombay riots

Riots occurred in Mumbai, India (then called Bombay) in December 1992 and January 1993, in which 900 people died. One of the main causes of the rioting was that Muslims protested against the Demolition of the Babri Masjid, by Hindus, in Ayodhya. Also, the Ayodhya dispute played a role. A mosque was standing on a site that Hindus saw as the birthplace of a deity. 

1993 Bombay bombings

The 1993 Bombay bombings were a series of thirteen bomb explosions. They took place in Bombay (now Mumbai), India on March 12, 1993.

Clifford Edmund Bosworth

Clifford Edmund Bosworth FBA (29 December 1928 – 28 February 2015) was an English historian and orientalist. He specialized in Arabic studies.

Encyclopaedia of Islam

The "Encyclopaedia of Islam" ("EI") is the standard encyclopaedia of the academic discipline of Islamic studies.

Al-Mawardi

Abu al-Hasan Ali Ibn Muhammad Ibn Habib al-Mawardi( أبو الحسن علي بن محمد بن حبيب البصري الماوردي ), known in Latin as Alboacen (972-1058 CE), was an Arab Muslim jurist of the Shafi`i school.

Religious studies

Religious studies (or "religious education") is the academic study of religious beliefs, behaviors, and institutions from a secular viewpoint. The main religions studied are Christianity, Buddhism, Islam, Sikhism, Judaism and Hinduism.

Pitch (baseball)

A pitch, in baseball, is when a pitcher throws the baseball to the batter. This is a pitcher's main job. The pitcher tries to get the player who is at-bat out. If a pitcher throws three strikes, the batter strikes out (unless the third strike is a foul tip). A strike is when a pitch is in the zone from the batter's knees to the belt and the width of home plate (the "strike zone"), and if the batter does not swing. A strike is also called if a batter swings at any pitch and misses, or if a batter hits a ball into foul territory (this is called a "foul tip"). If a pitcher throws a ball outside of the strike zone and the batter does not swing, this is called a "ball". If four of these are thrown, the batter gets to go to first base for free. This is called a "walk".

Pitchers use different pitches to try to get the batter out. The most common is a fastball. A fastball is when the pitcher throws the ball as hard as he or she can. The pitcher is trying to get the ball past the batter before the batter can hit it. Another type of pitch is a changeup. A pitcher throws a changeup when he or she wants the batter to swing before the ball gets to home plate. The batter might do this because he or she thinks the pitch is a fastball and the baseball will get to the plate faster. In addition to these two types of pitches, there are also many others.

Dida (footballer, born 1973)

Nélson de Jesus Silva

Juan (footballer, born 1979)

Juan Silveira dos Santos (; born 1 February 1979), commonly known as Juan, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a centre-back. He currently works as Flamengo's Technical Manager.

Flamengo

Roma

Internacional
Brazil
Individual

Kaká

Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite (born 22 April, 1982), better known as Kaká, is a Brazilian former football player.

!Total||92||29

Zé Roberto

Zé Roberto (born 6 July 1974) is a Brazilian former football player.

Sources:

Appearances and goals by national team and year

International goals
Real Madrid

Bayern Munich

Santos

Al-Gharafa

Palmeiras

Brazil

Individual


Erich Hartmann

Erich Alfred "Bubi" Hartmann (19 April 1922 in Weissach – 20 September 1993 in Weil im Schönbuch) was a German flying ace in World War II. He was the flying ace with the most victories ever: 352 planes. After the war he spent ten years in Soviet prison camps. Later, he joined the West Germany Air Force. He had a conflict with his superiors in the West German Air Force. So he was forced to resign. After that, he worked as a flight instructor.

His highest rank was that of colonel.

Cicinho

Cicinho (born 24 June 1980) is a former Brazilian football player.




Luisão

Luisão (born 13 February 1982) is a Brazilian, former professional football player.

62||7||||||||||||||62||7
132||13||16||3||8||1||46||2||202||19
194||20||16||3||8||1||46||2||264||26

!Total||39||3

Cris (footballer, born 1977)

Cristiano Marques Gomes (born 3 June 1977), or simply Cris, is a Brazilian football manager and former player who was most recently manager of French Championnat National club Versailles.

"As of 31 May 2023"

Corinthians

Cruzeiro

Lyon

Brazil


Gilberto (footballer, born 1976)

Gilberto (born 25 April 1976) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Cruzeiro.

186||24
2||0
101||14
7||1
296||39

!Total||32||1

Gilberto Silva

Gilberto Silva (born 7 October 1976) is a retired Brazilian football player. He last played for Atletico Mineiro.

Mineiro (footballer, born 1975)

Carlos Luciano da Silva (born 2 August 1975), nicknamed Mineiro, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.

259||15
36||2
1||0
296||17

!Total||24||0

São Caetano

São Paulo

Brazil



Juninho Pernambucano

Juninho Pernambucano (born 30 January 1975) is a former Brazilian football player. He plays for Vasco da Gama. He is known as one of the best free-kick takers of all time with 77 goals the most in history.

135||28||||||||||||||135||28
249||75||19||7||10||0||65||18||343||100
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
384||103||19||7||10||0||65||18||478||128

!Total||40||6

Preveza

Preveza is a Greek town. It is in the west of Greece in the district of Ipirus. Preveza is the capital of Preveza prefecture. Preveza is a coastal town and it has a big port. Its ports connect Preveza with Ionian islands such as Leukada and Paxoi. Near Preveza is the Arta town. 

Ricardinho (footballer, born May 1976)

Ricardinho (born 23 May 1976) is a former Brazilian footballer. He scored 60 goals in 314 games in all competitions over a 16-year career.

229||42
18||1
0||0
43||8
24||9
314||60

!Total||21||1

Fred (footballer, born 1983)

Frederico Chaves Guedes (born 3 October 1983) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Fluminense.

88||45||18||18||colspan="2"|-||7||5||113||68
87||34||4||1||6||0||21||6||118||41
175||79||22||19||6||0||28||11||231||109

!Total||9||4


Júlio César (football goalkeeper, born 1979)

Júlio César Soares de Espíndola (born 3 September 1979), known as Júlio César (), is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

In July 2009, Julio Cesar was awarded by ESPN Brasil (the Brazilian division of ESPN) as the best player of the 2008–09 season. He received an important and highly regarded "Prêmio Futebol no Mundo" ("Worldwide Football award").

He won the treble with Inter in the 2009–10 season, playing 54 games in all competitions.

Flamengo

Inter Milan

Benfica

Brazil





Robinho

Robson de Souza (; born 25 January 1984), known as Robinho (), is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a winger.

Santos

Real Madrid

AC Milan

Guangzhou Evergrande

Atlético Mineiro

İstanbul Başakşehir

Brazil

Individual

Carlos Alberto Parreira

Carlos Alberto Parreira (born 27 February 1943) is a Brazilian football manager.

Marcos (footballer, born 1973)

Marcos Roberto Silveira Reis (born 4 August, 1973) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Palmeiras and Brazil national team.

Palmeiras

Brazil U20

Brazil

Individual

Roque Júnior

José Vítor Roque Júnior (; born 31 August 1976), more commonly known as Roque Júnior, is a Brazilian football pundit and former player who played as a defender. 

99||4
48||0
5||0
39||0
0||0
191||4

!Total||48||2

Edmílson

Edmílson Gomes (born 10 July, 1976) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Palmeiras.

72||1
104||3
77||0
253||4

!Total||40||1


Juliano Belletti

Juliano Belletti (born 20 June 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

Cruzeiro

São Paulo

Villarreal

Barcelona

Chelsea

Fluminense

Brazil

Ânderson Polga

Ânderson Polga (born 9 February, 1979) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Corinthians.

65||5
138||0
203||5

!Total||11||3

José Kléberson

José Kléberson (born 19 June, 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

Appearances by national team and year







Júnior (footballer, born 1973)

Jenílson Ângelo de Souza (born 20 June 1973), usually known as Júnior, is a Brazilian former association footballer who played as a left back.

204||7
100||3
304||10

!Total||19||1

Denílson (footballer, born 1977)

Denílson de Oliveira Araújo (born 24 August 1977) is a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

91||10
186||13
31||3
15||3
8||1
1||1
0||0
331||30

!Total||61||9

Vampeta

Vampeta (born 13 March 1974) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

PSV Eindhoven

Corinthians

Goiás

Brazil



Edílson

Edílson (born 17 September 1970) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Palmeiras

Corinthians

Flamengo

Cruzeiro

Vitória

Al Ain

Brazil


Luizão (footballer, born 1975)

Luiz Bombonato Goulart (born 14 November 1975) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

183||80
13||4
26||4
6||4
228||92

!Total||12||4


Luiz Felipe Scolari

Luiz Felipe Scolari (born 9 November 1948) is a Brazilian football manager.

Cláudio Taffarel

Cláudio André Mergen Taffarel (; born 8 May 1966) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and is the goalkeeping coach of Liverpool and the Brazil national team.







Aldair

Aldair (born 30 November 1965) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

54||3
22||5
347||15
10||0
433||23

!Total||81||3

Júnior Baiano

Raimundo Ferreira Ramos Jr. (born 14 March 1970; also known as Júnior or Júnior Baiano) is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a defender.

He played for the Brazilian national team 25 times, scoring two goals.

216||32
32||2
5||0
0||0
253||34

!Total||24||2


Brazil

Individual

Corfu (city)

Corfu city is the capital of the Corfu Island and it is one of the most beautiful cities in the east Mediterranean. The town has an intense colour of the Italian renaissance, because in the past, Corfu was under the Venice rule. So, Corfu resemble a south Italian City. It a very touristic city and many tourists are coming to Corfu from all the world, mainly from west Europe. The population of Corfu city is 35.851 inhabitants

Corfu has many sights, so it is very interesting for visitors. The city has old buildings with very beautiful architecture. There is the "mon repo" Palace where princess Sissy lived. Another place of interest is the islet pontikonisi. 

Corfu is believed that it in the past was the Homeric country of Faekes where Odysseus had arrived, before he reached Ithaki. In the ancient archaist period the Corintians had founded some colonies. In the Middle Ages Corfu belonged to Byzantine Empire and later belonged to Venice state. Corfu was united with Greece in 1864.

Giovanni (footballer, born 1972)

Giovanni Silva de Oliveira (born 4 February, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

108||41
68||18
137||64
0||0
313||123

!Total||18||6

Carlos Germano

Carlos Germano (born 14 August, 1970) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

198||0
0||0
198||0

!Total||9||0

Zé Carlos (footballer, born 1968)

José Carlos de Almeida (born 14 November, 1968) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

54||0
54||0

!Total||1||0

Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes

Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes (born 22 February, 1966) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

97||5
167||11
264||16

!Total||24||1

André Cruz

André Cruz (born 20 September, 1968) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

68||7
117||19
109||15
78||9
372||50

!Total||31||1







Doriva

Doriva (born 28 May 1972) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

92||1
30||5
54||4
34||1
79||0
289||11

!Total||12||0

Mário Zagallo

Mário Jorge Lobo Zagallo (; 9 August 1931 – 5 January 2024) was a Brazilian professional football player and manager, who played as a forward. 

Zagallo was regarded as one of the best football players of all time and was considered to be one of the greatest world's managers. Physically limited by his low stature, Zagallo began his career as a left midfielder and then moved also due to excessive competition in the role in the role of pure winger, characterized by his usefulness in defensive recoveries and in midfield as well as for his effective attacks on the offensive front. 

Zagallo was born in Atalaia on 9 August 1931. As a young man, he worked as a soldier, working at the Maracanã Stadium when Uruguay defeated Brazil in the 1950 World Cup Final.

Zagalo in Botafogo.
He started his career in America (Rio de Janeiro) in 1948. In 1950 he moved to Flamengo . He was part of the "red and black" team that won three consecutive Campeonato Carioca titles (1953, 1954, 1955). In 1955, the team won the Rio-Sao Paulo Intercity Cup. Since there was no national championship at the time, Flamengo regularly participated in various friendly tournaments in addition to the city, and in Peru, Argentina and Israel. In total, in all tournaments, he played 217 matches, in which he scored 30 goals. 

In 1958, Flamengo experienced financial problems and sold Zagallo against the player's wishes. Mario becomes part of Botafogo, as his wife is a teacher and will lose her job when moving to another city. Along with Garrincha, Didi and Nílton Santos, Zagallo became an important part of the team and won the Campeonato Carioca in 1961 and 1962, as well as the Rio-Sao Paulo Champions Cup in 1961 and the Rio-Sao Paulo Inter-City Tournament in 1962 and 1964.

Zagallo was called up to the Brazilian national team on the eve of the 1958 World Cup and was considered as a replacement for Pepe, who in those years was the best Brazilian football player in his position. However, just before the start of the tournament, Pepe was injured, and his place was taken by Zagallo, who played in all matches of the tournament (which became victorious for the Brazilians), and scored a goal against the Sweden national team in the final. Four years later, Mario helped his team defend the world title, playing in six matches and scoring one goal and two assists. In total, he played 33 matches for the national team and scored 5 goals.

Zagallo started his coaching career at Botafogo, the club he had finished his career with, managing them alongside the Brazil national team. Zagallo won the World Cup as a manager in 1970, and as assistant coach in 1994, both with Brazil. He was the first person to win the World Cup both as a player and as a manager. Winning the World Cup in 1970 at the age of 38, he is also the second youngest coach to win a World Cup, after Alberto Suppici, who won aged 31 with Uruguay in 1930.

In July 2022, Zagallo was hospitalized with a respiratory tract infection. In August 2023, he was hospitalized for 22 days for a urinary tract infection. He died on 5 January 2024 from multiple organ failure at a hospital in Rio de Janeiro, aged 92.

Flamengo

Botafogo

Brazil

Botafogo

Flamengo

Brazil

Kuwait

Individual


!colspan="3" style="background:#C1D8FF;"| World Cup-winners status

!colspan="3" style="background:#C1D8FF;"| World Cup Finals

Edessa

Edessa, called Vodena until 1923, is a Greek town in the north of Greece. It is in central Macedonia. According to the 2001 census, 19.066 people lived there. Edessa is famous for its waterfalls. In the end of the town there are some very beautiful waterfalls. In the past, the residents used the strength of the waterfalls for different works. Edessa is the capital of Pellas prefecture. It is near the ancient Macedonian city Pella which it was the capital of ancient Macedonia. The former name "Vodena", came from the slavic word "voda", which means "water" and it was given because it has many waterfalls. Today's name, Edessa, is derived from phrygian and it means tower.

Ermoupolis

Ermoupolis is a Greek town. It is on the island Syros and it is the capital of Cyclades islands. Ermoupolis has 13.496 people. Ermoupolis has many beautiful old buildings which note the wealth, which there was in the past. Several buildings have a big architectural value, such as ermoupolis' town hall and Apollon theater. Around Ermoupolis there are many places where Catholic people live. The existence of Catholic people has dates back in the Franks and Venetian rule in Middle Ages. 

Ermoupolis was founded in the first decades of 19th century and it was developed quickly. Ermoupolis was built next to the Catholic old town Ano Syros. Soon, it became the biggest port of Greece and an important commercial center. The development of the city stopped when Piraeus port developed.

Ermoupolis has many interesting places, which the visitors can see. Near Ermoupolis there are many beautiful villages and beaches. Near Syros are the islands, Mykonos and Tinos which they are very touristic. 

Hanged, drawn and quartered

To be hanged, drawn and quartered was a punishment in England used for men found guilty of treason. 

The full punishment was made up of the following - the victim was:


Typically, the five body parts (i.e. the four quarters of the body and the head) would be put on public display in different parts of the city, town, or - in more famous cases such as that of William Wallace - in the country, to discourage would-be traitors who had not seen the execution. After the Crimes Act 1814 was passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the prisoner was instead hanged until dead - not having to suffer the extremely painful remainder of the punishment while alive. The public display of the bodies of executed prisoners (whether by "hanging, drawing and quartering", or some other method) was removed from English criminal law in 1843; "drawing" and "quartering" in 1870.

There is debate among modern historians about whether "drawing" referred to the dragging to the place of execution or the disembowelling, but since two different words are used in the official documents detailing the trial of William Wallace (""detrahatur"" for drawing as a method of transport, and ""devaletur"" for disembowelment), there is no doubt that the subjects of the punishment were disembowelled.

Judges delivering sentence at the Old Bailey also seemed to have had some confusion over the term "drawn", and some sentences are summarized as "Drawn, Hanged and Quartered". Nevertheless, the sentence was often recorded quite explicitly. For example, the record of the trial of Thomas Wallcot, John Rouse, William Hone and William Blake for offences against the king, on 12 July 1683 concludes as follows:

The "Oxford English Dictionary" notes both meanings of "drawn": "To draw out the viscera or the like, to the place of execution". It states that "In many cases of executions it is uncertain [which of these senses of "drawn"] is meant. The presumption is that where "drawn" is mentioned after "hanged", the sense is [the second meaning]."

The condemned man would usually be sentenced to the short drop method of hanging, so that the neck would not break. The man was usually dragged alive to the quartering table, although in some cases men were brought to the table dead or unconscious. A splash of water was usually employed to wake the man if unconscious, then he was laid down on the table. A large cut was made in the gut after removing the genitalia, and the intestines would be spooled out on a device that resembled a dough roller. Each piece of organ would be burned before the sufferer's eyes, and when he was completely disembowelled, his head would be cut off. The body would then be cut into four pieces, and the king would decide where they were to be displayed. Usually the head was sent to the Tower of London and, as in the case of William Wallace, the other four pieces were sent to different parts of the country. The head was generally par-boiled in brine to preserve the appearance of the head in display, while the quarters were more often prepared in pitch, for longer-lasting deterrent displays.

Australian Film Institute Awards

The Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts Awards, known as the AACTA Awards, formerly known as Australian Film Institute Awards are the main national movie awards in Australia. It is presented annually by the Australian Film Institute. The awards recognize excellence of professionals in the movie industry and television industry, including directors, actors and writers. It is the most prestigious awards ceremony for the Australian movie and television industry.


Reichsminister

Reichsministers were some of the members of the German parliament, the Reichstag, between 1919 and 1945. They were leaders of government ministries.

During the German Empire, there were no Reichsministers.

Illustration

The illustration is a picture which tries to get the person looking at it to pay more attention to the subject than to the art. Illustrations can be in the form of a drawing, painting, photograph or other work of art. 

Illustrations often have one of two purposes. One is to give light to the subject. The other purpose is to decorate an informational text (such as a newspaper or article).
illustration can also be a story based on drawings.

Nile crocodile

The Nile crocodile ("Crocodylus niloticus") is the largest of the four crocodile species found in Africa. They have a long tail and powerful jaws. Their back feet are webbed for swimming. They can grow up to in length and can weigh up to . The males are usually bigger than the females.

Nile crocodiles are also found in Madagascar, sub-Saharan Africa and the Nile delta. They were previously also found in Jordan and Israel. They live in different habitats including lakes, rivers, estuaries, freshwater marshes, and mangrove swamps. 

The Nile crocodile is carnivorous. It eats bigger animals as it grows. Young crocodiles eats insects and small fish, while adult crocodiles may catch and eat zebras, antelopes, wildebeests and buffalo. The Nile crocodile will attack anything, even other crocodiles. 

The crocodiles mate in the water, and then the female lays her eggs in a hole dug in the ground. They can lay 60 eggs which take about 90 days to hatch. The female guards the eggs, or is nearby, until they hatch. Young crocodiles are able to reproduce when they get to about 12 years old.

The muscles responsible for opening the mouth are exceptionally weak in comparison to the strength of the muscles for closing.

Reichswehr

Reichswehr was the name of the German military from 1919 to 1935. During these years, their number was severely restricted by the Treaty of Versailles. From 1935 to 1946 they were called Wehrmacht, and since 1946 they have been called Bundeswehr.

Debra Messing

Debra Lynn Messing (August 15, 1968) is an American actress. She has been nominated eight times for Golden Globe Awards. Her work includes acting as Grace Adler in the NBC television series "Will & Grace", and Molly Kagan in the USA television series "The Starter Wife".

Messing was born in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. She is the daughter of Sandra (née Simons), who has worked as a professional singer, banker, travel agent and real estate agent, and Brian Messing, a sales executive for a costume jewelry packaging manufacturer. The Messing family is Jewish, and descends from Russia and Poland. When Messing was three, she moved with her parents and her older brother, Brett, to East Greenwich, a small town outside Providence, Rhode Island.

During her high school years, Messing acted and sang in a number of high school productions. For example, she was a main character in the musicals "Annie" and "Fiddler on the Roof". Messing took lessons in dance, singing, and acting. While her parents encouraged her dream of becoming an actress, they also urged her to finish a liberal arts education before deciding on acting as a career. Following their advice, Messing attended Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts. During her junior year, she studied theater at the well-known London-based British European Studio Group program. This experience made her sure that she wanted to be an actress.

In 1990, Messing graduating from Brandeis University with a bachelor's degree in theater arts She then gained admission to the Graduate Acting Program at New York University. This was a very hard thing to do, because the program only accepts around fifteen new students every year. She earned a Master's Degree in Fine Arts there after three years.

In 1993, Messing was praised for her acting in the pre-Broadway workshop production of Tony Kushner's play "". After that, she appeared in several episodes of the television series "NYPD Blue" during 1994 and 1995.

In 1995, Messing made her film debut in Alfonso Arau's "A Walk in the Clouds". She was playing the unfaithful wife of main character Paul Sutton (Keanu Reeves). Fox Network thought she did well, so they made her the co-star of the television sitcom, "Ned and Stacey". The series lasted for two seasons, from 1995 to 1997. In 1996 and 1997, Messing appeared as Jerry Seinfeld's date in two episodes of the series "Seinfeld". Messing turned down a starring role in another television sitcom so she could appear in Donald Margulies's two-character play "Collected Stories". The play opened at the Off-Broadway Manhattan Theater Club. She also co-starred in McHale's Navy in 1997.

In 1998, Messing played a lead role as the bio-anthropologist Sloan Parker on ABC's dramatic science fiction television series "Prey". During this time, her agent want to her with the script for the first episode of the television show "Will & Grace". Messing was at first wanted to take some time off, but the script get her interest. She auditioned for the role of Grace Adler. She got the part, beating out Nicollette Sheridan. Sheridan later guest-starred on the show as a romantic rival of Grace's. "Will & Grace" became a ratings success, and Messing gained fame.

In 2002, Messing was named one of the "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" by "People Magazine". "TV Guide" picked her as its "Best Dressed Woman" in 2003. Messing was cast by director Woody Allen in a small role in his 2002 film "Hollywood Ending". Her film roles since then include a happily married but ill-fated wife in the thriller "The Mothman Prophecies" (2002) and a supporting role in "Along Came Polly" (2004). "The Wedding Date" (2005) was Messing's first leading role in a high-profile film. It received mixed reviews but performed fairly well at the box office. Messing was featured as a judge on the season finale of the second season of Bravo's reality show, "Project Runway". She also starred in the television mini-series "The Starter Wife", which was nominated for ten Emmy awards including one for Messing for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or Movie.

Messing returned to her role as Molly Kagan in a second season of ten episodes of "The Starter Wife" in 2008. In February 2009, USA Network announced that "The Starter Wife" will not be back for another season.

Messing met actor and screenwriter Daniel Zelman, on their first day as graduate students at NYU in 1990. They married on September 3, 2000, and live in New York City. On April 7, 2004, Messing gave birth to a son, Roman Walker Zelman.






Anti-capitalism

Anti-capitalism describes a wide variety of movements, ideas, and attitudes which oppose capitalism, toward social equality or environmentalism. Anti-capitalists, in the strict sense of the word, are those who wish to completely replace capitalism with another system; however, there are also ideas which can be characterized as "partially" anti-capitalist in the sense that they only wish to replace or abolish certain aspects of capitalism rather than the entire system.


Bernard Hellring

Bernard "Buzzy" Hellring was a creator of Ultimate Frisbee. 
Along with Joel Silver, Hellring created ultimate in the parking lot of Columbia High School in Maplewood, New Jersey.
Hellring died in 1971, in an auto accident at Princeton University, New Jersey.
He was elected after he died into the Ultimate Hall of Fame.

WHSV-TV

WHSV-TV, channel 3, is a television station in Harrisonburg, Virginia. The station broadcasts television programs from the ABC Television Network. Also known as WHSV News 3, the station is owned by Gray Television and broadcasts from an antenna west of the town of Stanley on Massanutten Mountain. The station goes to fourteen counties in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and West Virginia.

WHSV broadcasts other television channels, called "subchannels", on its broadcast signal:

WHSV-TV first was WSVA-TV, which meant Serve Virginia Agriculture and had its first broadcast on air in October 1953. In 1976, the "call letters" the station used were changed to WHSV-TV; these are the call letters the station uses now.







Altron

Altron is a Japanese video game developer and publisher founded in 1983. It has developed or published games for the Nintendo 64, PlayStation, Sega Saturn, Super Nintendo, Sega Mega Drive, Nintendo Entertainment System, Nintendo DS, Game Boy and Game Boy Color video game systems as well as for the PC.


Maplewood, New Jersey

Maplewood is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the United States 2020 Census, the township population was 25,684.

Mickey's House of Villains

Mickey's House of Villains is a Filpino-American-Canadian direct-to-video animated movie created by Disney. It is the movie adaptation of the Disney Channel animated television series "Disney's House of Mouse", starring Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Daisy Duck, and characters and villains that have appeared in past Disney productions. It was released on both VHS and DVD by Walt Disney Home Video on September 3, 2002.


In addition, these voice actors are located in the list of the performers of the song "It's Our House Now":



Courtyard

A court or courtyard is a space inside a building that is open to the sky. These spaces were often used for meetings, which leads to the other meaning of court, as in a court of law. 

Methylphenidate

Methylphenidate is a drug which is similar to amphetamine. Its name is often shortened to MPH but is better known by the brand name of Ritalin or Concerta. MPH stimulates the central nervous system. It does this by increasing dopamine transmission in the brain.

The drug is commonly used to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and narcolepsy. It is sometimes used together with other drugs to treat depression. In most countries, its use needs to be prescribed by a doctor.

The most common side-effects of taking the drug are nervousness and sleeping problems. About one in ten patients see these problems. Other side-effects include changes of blood pressure, headache, and weight loss. Some cases of Tourette syndrome and psychosis have been reported, amongst others.

Sometimes, the drug has been prescribed to children without proper ADHD diagnosis to increase their academic performance. This use has been criticised by the media. Using methylphenidate in children may be problematic, because it has been linked with slower growth. The media often use the name Ritalin for all drugs containing methylphenidate, and even for other stimulants used to treat ADHD. Ritalin is one drug containing methylphenidate, which is often used in such cases.

This drug can also cause euphoria when it is abused for recreational purposes. Abusing Methylphenidate may lead to psychological addiction and to severe side effects- including, but not limited to: psychosis, cardiac arrest, and death.

Dopamine

Dopamine is a neurotransmitter. Many kinds of animals and humans use it to transmit information. It is used when the brain sends signals to the muscles in the body to make them move. It can make a person feel good. 

Dopamine is an important chemical found in the brain. If the brain does not make enough dopamine, it causes an illness called Parkinson's disease. This can be treated by giving the Parkinson's disease patient a drug called L-Dopa, which the body converts to dopamine. 

Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that plays many important roles in the human brain and body. If you have ADHD, scientists think that you got it from one of your parents' genes. Typically, a number of genes are involved. Many affect the dopamine neurotransmission. It is a chemical which is triggered by the feeling of being in love, or feeling affection. In most cases, it is also activated by nicotine or cocaine. It can also be activated by marijuana. 

A number of studies have reported an age-related decline in making dopamine. There is also a drop the number of dopamine receptors in the brain.

The reduction of dopamine with aging may be responsible for neurological symptoms which increase in frequency with age, such as decreased arm swing and increased rigidity. Changes in dopamine levels may also cause age-related changes in cognitive flexibility (~ thinking).

Raining Blood

"Raining Blood" is a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer. It was released in 1986 in the album "Reign in Blood". The song was written by Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King. "Raining Blood" is one of Slayer's biggest hits. 

The song is about a man in Purgatory killing angels in Heaven. It ends with a minute of rain sounds. Hannemen and King have said that it is the song they like playing at concerts the most. Concert versions of "Raining Blood" have been put on many of the band's compilation albums.

It is used in the games "" and "Guitar Hero 3". In "Guitar Hero 3", it is one of the most difficult songs to play.

Acer saccharinum

Acer saccharinum, known as the silver maple (also occasionally the creek maple, river maple, silverleaf maple, soft maple, water maple, or white maple), is a species of maple native to eastern North America in the eastern United States and adjacent parts of southeast Canada. It is one of the most common trees in the United States.

Melanoma

Melanoma () is a malignant tumor of melanocytes which are found predominantly in skin but also in the bowel and the eye (see uveal melanoma). It is one of the rarer types of skin cancer but causes the majority of skin cancer related deaths. Malignant melanoma is a serious type of skin cancer. It is due to uncontrolled growth of pigment cells, called melanocytes. According to a report by the WHO, about 48,000 people die of melanoma every year. Melanoma is prominent in New Zealand and Australia due to the hole in the ozone layer and the many beaches.

Melanoma that has metastasised (spread beyond the initial primary tumor) is treated with Dacarbizine or Interleukin-2, also known as Proleukin, in many cases. Interleukin-2 has a response rate of up to sixteen-percent. Recent studies support the use of a new drug called Ipilimumab, which appears to prolong survival in metastatic melanoma patients. Percutaneous liver perfusion with a chemotherapeutic agent known as melphalan can prolong progression free survival in patients with melanoma metastatic to the liver, although the majority of patients in this study had melanoma starting in the eye rather than the skin.

La Vega Province

La Vega is a Dominican province, in the central part of the country. Its capital city is Concepción de la Vega.

It was one of the first provinces in the country; it was one of the provinces created by the first constitution of the country in 1844. Its name has always been La Vega.

The province takes its name from its capital and most important city: Concepción de la Vega (usually called just "La Vega"). "La Vega" means "The Valley".

The province was created in 1844 with the municipalities of La Vega, San Francisco de Macorís and Cotuí. In 1855, Moca was included in the province as a municipality.

In 1959, the province included the municipalities of La Vega, Constanza, Jarabacoa and Monseñor Nouel (the present Bonao, and the municipal district of Cayetano Germosén. The city of Concepción de La Vega was its capital.

In 1982, the province included the municipalities La Vega, Constanza and Jarabacoa, and the municipal district of Jima Abajo. In 1996, Jima Abajo became a municipality.

Tireo was made a municipal district in 1993, Rincón and Río Verde Arriba in 1998, El Ranchito and La Sabina in 2002, Buena Vista in 2004, Manabao in 2006, and Tavera in 2010.

The La Vega province has the Santiago and Espaillat provinces to the north, the Hermanas Mirabal, Duarte and Sánchez Ramírez to the east, the Monseñor Nouel and San José de Ocoa provinces to the south and the Azua and San Juan provinces to the west.

In (last national census), there were people living in the La Vega province, and 185,101 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country. The province is ranked as the 5th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

As of 2016, the total estimated population of the province was 405,510.

The largest city of the province is La Vega, its head municipality or capital. It has a population (in ) of 202,864 inhabitants.

The La Vega province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 6th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of Concepción de la Vega, provincial capital, is .

The Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain") is in the western part of the province. The "Valle de la Vega Real" ("Royal Valley"), the eastern part of the Cibao Valley, is in the eastern half of the province.

In the mountains, there are several valleys with an important production of vegetables and fruits. The 3 more important of these valleys are:

The highest mountain in the province is "Alto Bandera", high.

The main rivers of the province are the Yaque del Norte and Camú rivers.

The most important protected areas in the province are the Scientific Reserve Ébano Verde ("Reserva Científica Ébano Verde") and the Scientific Reserve Valle Nuevo ("Reserva Científica de Valle Nuevo").

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains.

There are 4 municipalities and 8 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products are coffee in the mountains, rice in the southern and eastern part of the province and cacao in the low mountains and those parts of the valley close to the mountains. Vegetables and fruits are very important in the valleys in the mountains.

Other important economic activity is cattle raising. There are several industries, especially textiles and food, in La Vega.

Tourism has become a very important economic activity, mainly in Jarabacoa and Constanza.

Gujranwala Division

Gujranwala Division, () once a district of Lahore Division, was an administrative division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. The division, headquartered at the city of Gujranwala, covered an area of 17,206 km, the population according to the 1981 census was 7,522,352 this had risen by almost four 4 million to 11,431,058 according to the 1998 census.

It was administratively subdivided into the following districts.


Prime

Prime may refer to:

Daniel Barenboim

Daniel Barenboim (born Buenos Aires, 15 November 1942) is a pianist and conductor. He is a citizen of Argentina, Israel, Spain, and the Palestinian Authority.

Barenboim (meaning "pear tree" in Yiddish) was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina; his grandparents were Russian Ashkenazi Jews. At first he was famous as a pianist but now he is just as well known as a conductor. He is particularly important for his work with the West-Eastern Divan Orchestra which works with young Arab and Israeli musicians. 

Barenboim has often criticized the illegal Israeli settlements on Palestinian land. In 2001 he made many people in Israel angry by conducting the music of Wagner in a concert. Wagner’s music had not been performed in Israel since 1938 because Wagner had been accused of being anti-Jewish and because he had been Hitler's favourite composer. However, Hitler and Wagner had not personally known each other, as the composer died in 1883 and Hitler was born in 1889.

Barenboim was born in Buenos Aires in Argentina. He started piano lessons when he was five. At first his mother taught him, but soon his father became his teacher and he remained the only piano teacher he had. When he was seven years old he gave a concert in Buenos Aires.

In 1952, the Barenboim family moved to Israel. In 1954 he went to Salzburg to take part in Igor Markevitch's conducting classes. There he met famous people such as Wilhelm Furtwängler whose conducting inspired him. Furtwängler was very impressed by the young boy and asked him to play Beethoven’s First Piano Concerto with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, but his father did not want him to play in Berlin because it was too soon after the Nazis had murdered millions of Jews.

In 1955 Barenboim studied harmony and composition with Nadia Boulanger in Paris.

Barenboim played the piano in Vienna and Rome in 1952, Paris in 1955, London in 1956. In 1957 he played in New York with Leopold Stokowski conducting. He then toured Europe, the United States, South America, Australia and the Far East. He made many recordings as a pianist.

In 1967 he conducted the Philharmonia Orchestra. Soon many orchestras wanted him to conduct them. Between 1975 and 1989 he was music director of the Orchestre de Paris, where he conducted a lot of music by 20th century composers. 

He first conducted an opera in 1973 when he directed a performance of Mozart's "Don Giovanni" at the Edinburgh Festival. He made his first appearance at Bayreuth in 1981 and he often conducted there until 1999. 

Barenboim was conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra from 1991 to 2006.

Barenboim now lives in Berlin. He is the conductor of the "Staatsoper Unter den Linden" (Berlin State Opera) and the Berlin Staatskapelle. He is now conductor for life at the Berlin State Opera.

Barenboim has given many lectures about music including the Reith Lecture in 2006.

He was given the honour of conducting the world famous New Year's Day Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra on 1 January 2009.

In 2008 Barenboim first conducted at the Metropolitan Opera in New York at a performance of Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde".

Barenboim still performs as a pianist. In 2006 he played all Beethoven's 32 piano sonatas in the Royal Festival Hall, London in a series of concerts. In 2010 he played a series of concerts with the Berlin Staatskapelle, playing all Beethoven's piano concertos.

Barenboim has made many recordings including twice recording all Beethoven’s Piano Sonatas. He recorded a lot of chamber with his first wife, Jacqueline du Pré, the violinist Itzhak Perlman, and the violinist and violist Pinchas Zukerman. He has made many recordings as conductor, including all the symphonies of Beethoven, Brahms, Bruckner and Schumann, and many operas by Wagner.

Barenboim wrote a book called "Everything is Connected" in which he writes about music being a metaphor for life and society.

As well as the famous classical composers he has performed 20th century music, Baroque music and tangos from Argentina.

In 2001 he made many people in Israel angry because he conducted Wagner’s music at a concert there. Wagner was not allowed to be performed in Israel because he had been anti-Jewish. He changed the programme, but then decided to play some Wagner as an encore at the end of the concert. He spoke to the audience and said that anyone who did not want to hear the music could leave the hall. There was an argument for half an hour. In the end some people left, but most of them stayed and listened, and then applauded enthusiastically at the end.

Barenboim has given performances in the West Bank to show that he has sympathy with the Palestinians. The Israeli government told him it would be too dangerous to go to Ramallah, but he went into the town during the night to give a piano recital. 

In 1999, Barenboim started the West-Eastern Divan orchestra with the help of a Palestinian-American professor Edward Said, who was a close friend.
The orchestra brings young musicians from Israel and Arab countries together every summer. They give concerts all over the world.

Barenboim has won many prizes and has been awarded many honorary degrees.

Daniel Barenboim married the famous British cellist Jacqueline du Pré at the Western Wall, Jerusalem in 1967. They gave concerts and made recordings together until Jacqueline became ill with multiple sclerosis and retired in 1973. There is a famous film by Christopher Nupen of them playing Schubert's "Trout Quintet" with Itzhak Perlman, Pinchas Zukerman and Zubin Mehta. 

Du Pré died in 1987. In 1988 Barenboim married the Russian pianist Elena Bashkirova. They have two sons. The younger son, Michael, is now a violinist and often performs with his father.


West-Eastern Divan Orchestra

The West-Eastern Divan is an orchestra for young people. It is based in Sevilla, Spain. The musicians in the orchestra come from Israel and its surrounding Arab countries.

The orchestra was started in 1999 by the Jewish conductor Daniel Barenboim and the Palestinian-American academic Edward Said (pronounce: Sah—eed). The name of the orchestra comes from a group of poems by the German poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.

The West-Eastern Divan Orchestra was started to help bring Israelis and Palestinians together to work for peace and to help solve the fight between Israel and Palestine. The idea was to let Israelis and Arabs work together in countries which had nothing to do with the conflict.

The first workshop of the orchestra took place in Weimar, Germany because it was the 1999 European cultural town. Barenboim chose two leaders for the orchestra: one Israeli and one Arab. They worked with some very famous musicians including the cellist Yo Yo Ma. In 2000 the orchestra met again in Weimar, in 2001 they met in Chicago. Since 2002 they have met every year in Seville. 

The West-Eastern Divan Workshop takes place during several weeks each summer in Andalusia. After the workshop has finished, the orchestra travel to other places to give concerts. They have given concerts in many parts of Europe, North America, South America. In 2004 they performed an historic concert in Ramallah in Palestine. After the concert Barenboim said that the people of Israel and Palestine had a shared future. He said: “Either we all kill each other, or we share what there is to share. It is this message that we come here to bring."

In 2004, the Barenboim-Said Foundation, based in Seville, was started to help develop several education projects. Money is given for this by the Junta de Andalucía (Regional Government of Andalusia). The Foundation helps with the orchestra as well as with projects such as the Early Childhood Musical Education Project in Seville.

The orchestra has won prizes and made recordings. A film called "Knowledge is the Beginning" was made about them.

In August 2009 the orchestra will give three concerts at the BBC Proms including a concert performance of Beethoven’s opera Fidelio which has a story about people who have been put in prison for their political ideas.


Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra

The Gustav Mahler Jugendorchester (Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra) is a youth orchestra based in Vienna, Austria. It was started in 1986 by the conductor Claudio Abbado. 

Auditions are held in many European capital cities. From the start it included people from Eastern Europe. This was before the collapse of the Iron Curtain. It is a very big orchestra. The musicians play music that needs a large orchestra, usually music from the late Romantic period or the 20th century.

The orchestra has been conducted by very famous conductors including Claudio Abbado, Mariss Jansons, Pierre Boulez and Bernard Haitink.

The orchestra played at the 2008 BBC Proms in the Royal Albert Hall in London with Sir Colin Davis conducting. They will be playing again at the Proms in September 2009 when they will perform Richard Strauss's huge work "Also sprach Zarathustra".


India–Taiwan relations

The bilateral relations between the Republic of India and Taiwan have improved since the 1990s, India has expanded economic and strategic cooperation with Taiwan.
Due to the strategic rivalry against the People's Republic of China and India since the 1962 war, India has slowly sought to develop better commercial and strategic cooperation with Taiwan even while ruling out the possibility of establishing diplomatic relations. Taiwan has also viewed India's rising geopolitical standing as a potential counter-balance to China's dominance in the region. As a part of its "Look East" foreign policy, India has sought to cultivate extensive ties with Taiwan in trade as well as working together over weapons of mass destruction issues, environment and fighting terrorism. Both sides have aimed to develop ties to counteract Chinese rivalry with both nations. 
The India-Taipei Association (ITA) Office has been established in Taipei since 1995 to promote non-governmental interactions between India and Taiwan, and to facilitate business, tourism, cultural and people-to-people exchanges. The India-Taipei Association has also been authorised to provide all consular and passport services. 
In 2002, India became the 28th nation to sign the Investment Protection Agreement with Taiwan and in 2006, both nations established the Taiwan-India Cooperation Council. Furthermore, Taiwan promotes trade with India as a means to reduce the extent of their economic dependence with China. 
In 2007, Ma Ying-jeou, the leader of the Kuomintang, Taiwan's largest political party supportive of reunification, and a major candidate in the 2008 presidential elections made an unofficial visit to India.

Sikkimese people

Sikkimese people live in the Indian province of Sikkim. The native Sikkimese consist of the Lepcha and Limbu people; they migrated from Tibet. They also include the Bhutias. These are descendants of Buddhists who arrived from Nepal in 15th century; they migrated from the Kham district of Tibet in the 14th century.

Old Delhi

Old Delhi (, , "Purānī Dillī"), walled city of Delhi, was founded as Shahjahanabad (, , ) by Indian Emperor Shahjahan in 1639. It remained the capital of the Mughals until the end of the Mughal dynasty.

Doaba

Doaba () is the region of Indian Punjab surrounded by the rivers Beas and Sutlej. The name "Doaba" literally translates to "land of two rivers" (""Do"" two, ""Ab"" river; Farsi). It is one of the most fertile regions of the world, and was the centre of the Green Revolution in India. To this day, it remains one of the largest per capita producers of wheat in the world.

The people of Doaba started out as agriculturalists, but have now diversified into education, sports and entrepreneurship.

Crassulaceae

The Crassulaceae, or orpine family, is a family of dicotyledons. They store water in their succulent leaves. They are found worldwide, but mostly occur in the Northern Hemisphere and southern Africa, typically in dry and/or cold areas where water may be scarce. The family includes about 1,400 species in 33 genera.

Assassination of Abraham Lincoln

The assassination of Abraham Lincoln was one of the last events in the American Civil War, and happened on Good Friday, April 14, 1865. President Lincoln was shot while watching the play "Our American Cousin" at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C.. He died early the next morning.

Lincoln's killer, John Wilkes Booth, was an actor and Confederate supporter who had plotted with other men to kill the Secretary of State, William H. Seward and the Vice President Andrew Johnson. Booth hoped to create disorder and overthrow the Northern government by doing this. Booth was able to kill Lincoln, but Seward and Johnson survived. Lincoln was the first American president to be assassinated.

On April 14, Lincoln went to attend a play with his wife at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C..

During the third act of the play, following a line in the play that was the biggest laugh of the night, Lincoln was laughing at this line when he was shot. John Wilkes Booth, a well-known actor and a Confederate spy from Maryland, entered the presidential box and fired a pistol at point-blank range into the back of Lincoln's head, mortally wounding him. Lincoln immediately lost consciousness, but he passed into unconsciousness with laughter and a smile on his face. Katherine M. Evans, a young actress in the play, who was offstage when Lincoln was shot but rushed onstage after Booth's exit stated "I looked and saw President Lincoln unconscious, his head dropping on his breast, his eyes closed, but with a smile still on his face". Lincoln was carried across the street to Petersen House. He was placed diagonally on the bed because his tall frame would not fit normally on the smaller bed. He remained in a coma for nine hours. He died the next morning. As he died his breathing grew quieter, his face more calm. According to some accounts, at his last drawn breath, on the morning after the assassination, he smiled broadly and then expired. Historians, most notably author Lee Davis have emphasized Lincoln's peaceful appearance when and after he died: "It was the first time in four years, probably, that a peaceful expression crossed his face." Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Lincoln Administration, Maunsell Bradhurst Field wrote, "I had never seen upon the President's face an expression more genial and pleasing." The President’s secretary, John Hay, saw "a look of unspeakable peace came upon his worn features".

After being on the run for 12 days, Booth was tracked down and found on a farm in Virginia, some south of Washington. After refusing to surrender to Union troops, Booth was killed by Sergeant Boston Corbett on April 26.


Lars Løkke Rasmussen

Lars Løkke Rasmussen (born 15 May 1964 in Vejle) is a Danish politician who was the Prime Minister of Denmark from 28 June 2015 to 27 June 2019. He was also Prime Minister from 5 April 2009 until 3 October 2011. 

He has been a Liberal Party member of the Danish Parliament since 21 September 1994. From November 2001 to November 2007 he was Interior and Health Minister of Denmark, and from November 2007 to April 2009 he was Finance Minister of Denmark. 

On 5 April 2009 he took over from Anders Fogh Rasmussen as Prime Minister after Fogh Rasmussen was elected Secretary General of NATO. 

Rasmussen has also been mayor of Frederiksborg County north of Copenhagen from 1998 to 2001. He holds a degree in law from the University of Copenhagen. He is married and has three children.

On 6 June 2019, he resigned from his position as prime minister after a general election, in which his government was narrowly defeated by the Social Democrats and their leader Mette Frederiksen.

Mos Def

Dante Terrell Smith (born December 11, 1973) is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and actor known by the stage name Mos Def. Mos Def started his hip hop career in a group called Urban Thermo Dynamics, after which he appeared on albums by Da Bush Babees and De La Soul. He formed the duo Black Star with Talib Kweli and they released the well-received album "Black Star" in 1998. He was a major force in the late 1990s underground hip hop explosion spearheaded by Rawkus Records. As a solo artist he has released three albums "Black on Both Sides" (1999) "The New Danger" (2004), and "True Magic" (2006).


Stagflation

In economics, the term stagflation is used when there is almost no growth in production, yet there is high inflation, and unemployment is high. This was supposed to be impossible under the kind of economics described by Keynes (Keynesian economics).

Stagflation is a portmanteau word of "stagnation" and "inflation". It is used in economics when the inflation rate is high, the growth rate slows down, and unemployment stays high. It raises a dilemma for economic policy since actions designed to lower inflation may exacerbate unemployment, and vice versa.

The term is generally attributed to a British politician who became Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1970, Iain Macleod, who coined the phrase in his speech to Parliament in 1965. 

Keynes didn't use the term, but some of his work refers to the conditions most would recognise as stagflation. In the version of Keynesian macroeconomic theory which was dominant between the end of World War II (WWII) and the late-1970s, inflation and recession were regarded as mutually exclusive, the relationship between the two being described by the Phillips curve. Stagflation is very costly and difficult to stop once it starts.

A political measure called the Misery Index is got by adding the inflation rate to the unemployment rate.

This situation usually begins with things beginning to cost more while fewer of the things are being made. Because fewer things are being made, fewer people are needed to make them. This causes unemployment to increase. All three of these factors together cause stagflation — stagnation in production and employment and increasing inflation. It is also because of "cost push" factors. When it begins to cost more to make an item, the price will increase. People will be less likely to invest money in the company. This will lead to more unemployment.

The 1973–75 recession or 1970s recession was a period of economic stagnation in much of the Western world during the 1970s, putting an end to the general post-World War II economic boom. It differed from many previous recessions as being a stagflation, where high unemployment coincided with high inflation. 

Cleveland Orchestra

The Cleveland Orchestra is an American orchestra based in Cleveland, Ohio. Their conductor is Franz Welser-Möst. 

The orchestra was started in 1918 with Nikolai Sokoloff as conductor. In 1931 a new concert hall called the Severance Hall was opened. It has been the orchestra's concert hall ever since.

The conductor George Szell made them into one of the world's best orchestras. When he started conducting them after World War II he told twelve of the players that they had to leave. Another twelve musicians were so angry that they left as well. Szell then improved the orchestra during the 24 years he was with them. Even now the orchestra is so good because of what Szell did for them. 

Today's conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra, Franz Welser-Möst, continues to conduct the orchestra in Cleveland as well as touring with them all over the world. They perform regularly in the summer at the Blossom Festival in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, and also in Miami, Florida, and in the Musikverein, Vienna. 



Boston Symphony Orchestra

The Boston Symphony Orchestra (BSO) is an American orchestra based in Boston, Massachusetts. It is one of the great orchestras of the world. They give concerts in the Symphony Hall, Boston. They also play every summer at the Tanglewood Festival.

The orchestra was started in 1881. Many of the conductors it had during its history were extremely famous, including Arthur Nikisch from 1889 to 1893, and Pierre Monteux from 1919 to 1924 who gave the orchestra a reputation for a "French" sound which many people think it still has today. Serge Koussevitzky was their conductor for many years and made them a world-class orchestra. With Koussevitzky, the orchestra gave radio broadcasts and made its summer home at Tanglewood, where Koussevitzky founded the Berkshire Music Center, which is now the Tanglewood Music Center.

Koussevitzky asked many famous composers to write music for the orchestra. Works written especially for them include "Symphony No. 4" by Sergei Prokofiev and the "Symphony of Psalms" by Igor Stravinsky. They also gave the first performance of Béla Bartók's "Concerto for Orchestra". Since then many other composers have written for the orchestra including Roger Sessions, Andrzej Panufnik and Elliott Carter.

When the conductor Charles Munch took over from Koussevitzky he gave the orchestra their first tour overseas. He was followed in 1962 by Erich Leinsdorf, then William Steinberg, Seiji Ozawa and, since 2004, James Levine who is the first American-born conductor of the orchestra.

As well as the Boston Symphony Orchestra there is also the Boston Pops Orchestra, founded in 1885, which plays light music, e.g. from show tunes. Arthur Fiedler conducted them from 1930 until 1979. He was followed by the film composer John Williams. Today their conductor is Keith Lockhart.

A small group of principal players from the BSO form the Boston Symphony Chamber Players. They have being playing since 1964 and perform in Boston, Tanglewood and in other places in USA and Europe. They have made many recordings.

The Boston Symphony have made many recordings with their conductors since 1917 when they made one of the earliest music recordings conducted by Karl Muck.



Light music

Light music is a musical style that might often be called "easy listening". It started in the United Kingdom in the 19th century and became very popular in the middle of the 20th century.

Light music was often played at seaside resorts. It often consisted of arrangements for orchestra of popular songs. It was music that was supposed to be popular, music that a wide audience would be able to enjoy.

In the 1930s, when the BBC started broadcasting music on the radio (which they then called "wireless"), light music became very popular. In 1945 the BBC Light Programme was started. One very popular programme was called "Friday Night is Music Night", with music played by the BBC Concert Orchestra. and "Music While You Work" was also a very popular programme.

Today Light Music is sometimes seen as not in fashion. Film music is more popular today, and music from musicals.

Eric Coates is a good example of a composer of Light Music. His piece "By the Sleepy Lagoon" became the signature tune of a radio programme called "Desert Island Discs". Arthur Wood's "Barwick Green" became the theme of "The Archers".

In the United States popular light pieces were written by people such as Leroy Anderson and George Gershwin.

Light Music is similar to what is called Salon Music (German: Salonmusik) in Europe.


Royal Australian Air Force

The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) is the air force of the Australian Defence Force. It started in 1912 as the Australian Flying Corps and saw its first action in World War I.

The first plan for an Australian air force was given to the Military Board in 1910. The plan was approved on 22 October, 1912, and five planes were ordered. A flying school was set up on of land at Point Cook, Victoria, with the first students starting on 17 August, 1914.

Nonthaburi province

Nonthaburi is a province in Thailand. Its central town is Nonthaburi, about 25 km north-west of Bangkok. There are many government buildings in Nonthaburi.
Tourists and locals head to Wat Poramai-yikawat -- a mon styled temple, and Wat Sanam Nua temple for worship.

Bridge to Terabithia (2007 movie)

Bridge to Terabithia is a fantasy movie. It was released in 2007. The director of the movie was Gábor Csupó. It was adapted for a movie by David L. Paterson and Jeff Stockwell. The movie is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name. Walt Disney Pictures distributed the movie in the U.S.A. Bridge to Terabithia tells the story of two 12-year-old neighbours, Jesse Aarons and Leslie Burke. They spend their free time in an abandoned tree house where they create a fantasy world called Terabithia.

David Paterson, who wrote the screenplay, is Katherine Paterson's son. The novel is based on parts of his childhood. When he asked his mother if he could write a screenplay of the novel, she agreed. This was because he could write plays well. Production of the movie began in February 2006. The movie was shot by November. It was shot mainly in Auckland, New Zealand within two months. It took ten weeks to edit the movie. Post-production, music mixing, and visual effects took many months.

"Bridge to Terabithia" was released in the US and Canada on February 16, 2007. The movie was successful in terms of earnings. With a budget of around $20 million, it collected US$137 million worldwide. The movie received positive reviews. Critics called it faithful to the children's novel. They said the visuals and performances made the movie imaginative. "Bridge to Terabithia" was nominated for seven awards. It won five of them at the Young Artist Awards.

Jesse "Jess" Aarons (Josh Hutcherson) is a fifth grader who wants to be an artist. He lives with his financially poor family in Lark Creek. He rides the bus to school with his little sister, May Belle (Bailee Madison). He avoids the school bully, Janice Avery (Lauren Clinton). In class, his classmates, Scott Hoager (Cameron Wakefield) and Gary Fulcher (Elliot Lawless) tease him. A new student his age named Leslie Burke (AnnaSophia Robb) comes to the school. At recess, Jess enters a running event, for which he had been training at home. Leslie also enters it. She manages to beat all the boys, including Jess. This irritates Jess. While going home, Jess and Leslie learn that they are next-door neighbors.

Later in the evening, Jess becomes angry to find his sister has drawn in his notebook. His strict father (Robert Patrick) sides with her. The next day at school, Leslie praises Jess' drawing ability. This is after she sees his notebook. They soon become best friends. After school, they go into the woods. There, they swing across a creek on a rope. Jess and Leslie find an abandoned tree house and a broken down truck on the other side of the creek. They invent a new world, which they call "Terabithia". The fantasy world reflects their lives. It comes to life as they explore the area. For the next few days, Jess and Leslie spend their free time in the tree house and learn about one another.

Leslie gives Jess an art kit for his birthday. This pleases Jess very much. Later, he gives her a puppy. She names it Prince Terrien. Once in Terabithia, they fight with various creatures, including a troll that looks like Janice Avery, the school bully. At school, May Belle shows her friend Alexandra what she has for her snack, Twinkies. Jess tells her that she should not brag about them. At recess, May Belle tells Jess and Leslie that Janice stole her Twinkies. Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice's fee for entering the toilet. Jess and Leslie play a trick on Janice. Everyone laughs at her at the bus for this.

Once Leslie's parents finish writing their book, she and Jess help paint their house. Jess is impressed by her parents' happiness and watches the family. At school on Friday, Leslie hears Janice crying in the bathroom. After Leslie talks with her, she learns that the reason why Janice is a bully is because she is abused by her father. They become friends. Jess and Leslie take Prince Terrein to Terabithia. There they fight off several creatures that look like students at their school. They decide to go home when it starts raining. The creek gets higher than ever due to the rain.

The next morning, Ms. Edmunds (Zooey Deschanel), Jess' music teacher, invites him on a one-on-one field trip to an art museum. Jess tries to ask his mother's permission. As she is half-asleep, he takes her mumbling as approval. Jess does not ask Leslie to come with him. When he returns home, Jess finds that his father and mother are worried. This is because they did not know where he was. His father tells him that Leslie drowned in the river that morning. This happened when Jess went to the museum. Jess is very sad to hear this. He visits the Burke family home with his parents to pay their respects. Leslie's father, Bill Burke (Latham Gaines), tells Jess that she loved him. He thanks him for being a very good friend to her, since she could not make friends at her old school. Jess feels very guilty for Leslie's death. His father consoles him to keep their friendship alive for her sake. Jess decides to re-imagine Terabithia and builds a bridge across the river to welcome a new ruler. He invites his sister, May Belle to enter Terabithia. She is delighted because she was not allowed to enter before. She and Jess make Terabithia even better, with Jess as king and his sister as princess.

Production for the movie began in February 2006, with a budget of around $20 million. The main photography for the movie was shot in Auckland, New Zealand in sixty days. movie editing took ten weeks. Post-production, music mixing, and visual effects took a few months. The movie was finished by November 2006. This was because the crew "had to rush" to finish it by February 16. The movie was directed by Gábor Csupó. Walden Media President Cary Granat first recommended him to direct the movie. Csupó had never done a live-action movie before. However, he said it "didn't worry Granat in the least". Csupó noted that he was interested in making the movie. He "had the ambition to do a live-action movie for a long time", but that he "didn't like anything until I read this book". He called the book "beautiful" and said that it "moved [him]". The cinematographer of "Bridge to Terabithia" was Michael Chapman. This was his final movie before he retired. Chapman mentioned in the film's DVD commentary that he retired after the movie because he wanted his last movie to be a good one. He said: "this is such a beautiful story, and it's exactly the kind of movie I want to do at this time in my life".

Director Csupó stated they had thought of no actors for the movie at first. The first actor cast was AnnaSophia Robb as Leslie Burke. Robb wrote Csupó "such a beautiful, heartwarming letter" that showed she loved the book and character. Csupó said Robb was cast for the movie because of "her letter, her enthusiasm, and her love of the material". Robb also talked with Lauren Levine, the producer of the movie, before casting even began. "[T]heir conversation convinced her that, without a doubt, AnnaSophia was meant for this role," Csupó stated. Levine said "it was just so clear in talking to her about all this fantasy that I was basically talking to Leslie, that she had that same kind of spark and magical presence. She might be physically different from Leslie in the book, but the spirit of Leslie and the spirit of AnnaSophia are nearly identical. It was a match made in heaven." With regard to the character, Robb said "[Leslie]'s one of those people who's just always lit up, who has this glow about her, and no one can bring her down. Leslie's such a lively and energetic character, it was really fun for me to become her."

Levine noted that "looking for Jess was a really tough hunt. We needed someone who could go from an introverted boy in an isolated world to someone who completely taps into his imagination and becomes a confident, brave leader in Terabithia. That's a heck of a range for such a young actor." Josh Hutcherson was not their first choice for the role of Jess Aarons. He was chosen as they "felt the chemistry between AnnaSophia Robb and him". Hutcherson said that he liked the project because of "the real life day-to-day drama as well as the arc of the character Jess".

The filmmakers cast Robert Patrick as Jess' father. He was chosen due to his experience in several movies in the past. Patrick explained that he could relate to the plot. He was "constantly creating imaginary worlds as a kid" himself, and that the movie reminded him of the place where he grew up. He also said that he agreed to act because it was a movie his children could watch.

Bailee Madison was cast as May Belle Aarons. Csupó said they searched for a long time for someone to play her role. She had "such a charm, even before the camera, she was just like a little sweetheart," he said. She was confident, shook hands with everybody and was "totally sweet and perky". Csupó was pleased by her attitude and cast her for the movie.

Csupó explained that "it was a very conscious decision from the very beginning that we're not going to overdo the visual effects because of the story's integrity and the book's integrity." There was only a small mention of Jess and Leslie fighting creatures in Terabithia in the book. For this reason, they "tried to do the absolute minimum, which would be required to put it into a movie version".

To design the creatures of Terabithia, Csupó wanted to use "little more artsy, imaginative, fantastical creatures than the typical rendered characters you see in other movies." He was inspired by Terry Gilliam and Ridley Scott. Dima Malanitchev drew the creatures. Csupó helped him in this. Csupó chose Weta Digital render the 3D animation. He "was impressed with their artistic integrity, the teamwork, the [fact that] people were really nice, and also they responded to our designs very positively." Weta modified some of the creature designs. However, they mainly used Csupó's original designs.

100 crew members from Weta worked for the movie. Weta was doing the animations when the movie was being shot. Weta crew members saw the shooting of all scenes involving these creatures. Weta's Matt Aitken said the process of animation was "split into two steps". First, natural-looking creatures were created based on pencil sketches by Csupó and Malanitchev. Photoshop pictures made by visual effects art director Michael Pangrazio was used for this. The second step was to use the best animation and motion style for the creatures.

Leslie's costumes in the movie were designed to look as if the character "might have made some of them herself". They were updated from those described in the book. This was because the descriptions in the book would appear odd now.

Producer and screenwriter David L. Paterson is the novel's author's son. His name was featured on its dedication page. The story was based on his real life best friend, Lisa Hill. Hill had been struck by lightning. She was killed when they were both eight years old. Paterson had asked his mother, Katherine Paterson, if he could write a screenplay of the novel. She agreed "not only because he's [her] son, but also because he's a very good playwright". Paterson found it difficult to market his screenplay. It was mainly because of Leslie's death. "[I]f you can believe this, I did meet with some companies that asked if I could just 'hurt' Leslie a little bit—put her in a light coma and then bring her out".

Paterson said it was very important for him to keep the spirit of the book alive. At the same time, he had to change it from "a novel that takes place mostly in the characters' heads to a dynamic visual medium". Paterson knew that the movie had to be about friendship and imagination. He focused "bringing out the emotions of the story." He said he found it difficult to write about Terabithia. This was "because it was too close". He credited fellow screenwriter Jeff Stockwell for recreating Terabithia for the movie. "What Jeff was able to do as an outsider who wasn’t so attached to the story was to really let his imagination go free and make up this world in a wonderful way", David said. Csupó said that the two main characters are a little bit older in the movie. Csupó claims the movie "deals with so many issues including friendship, and maybe first innocent love, things like that", so it "made more sense" to make the characters older.

The film's musical score was composed by Aaron Zigman. He was hired after Alison Krauss did not compose the music. Zigman said there are similarities between the music he made fro "Bridge to Terabithia" and the movie "Flicka". He said: "[...]at times there's a bit of a Celtic influence but not much", but he also went on to say that there was a more modern feel to the music he composed for "Bridge to Terabithia". The score he composed for the movie is described as "very large" compared to his other work, and Zigman commented that "Aside from the minimalist stuff and coloring that I love to do, I also like big orchestral stuff, and want to do more of that, and this movie enabled me to spread my wings out a bit." The official soundtrack for the movie was released by "Hollywood Records" on February 13, 2007.

Reviewers criticized the film's advertisement campaign. One critic said the movie was actually "grounded in reality far more than in fantasy." Another thought, "far from a computer generated [created] escapist fantasy, this movie is an unpretentious [not pretending] and touching tale of preteen companionship and loss".

The movie premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood on February 16, 2007. Paterson, who studied in The Catholic University of America, held a special advance screening of the movie for them. This was shown at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring, Maryland on February 1, 2007. The movie opened in the UK on May 4, 2007, and in New Zealand June 7, 2007. The movie grossed "a higher-than-expected" $28,536,717 from 2,284 screens. It earned an average of $9,885 per screen. The opening day had collections of $6.3 million. The movie has a worldwide gross of US$120 million. It grossed $80 million in the US and Canada.

The DVD and Blu-ray Disc were released on June 19, 2007 in the US. The DVD and Blu-ray version had "Digital Imagination: Bringing Terabithia to Life", "Behind the Book: The Themes of "Bridge to Terabithia"" It also had "Keep Your Mind Wide Open" music video by Robb, and two audio commentaries. The first was with director Csupó, writer Jeff Stockwell, and producer Hal Lieberman. The second was with producer Lauren Levine and actors Hutcherson and Robb.

Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes said 85% of 137 collected reviews for "Bridge to Terabithia" were positive. The average score was 7.1/10. Critics said the movie was "a faithful adaptation of a beloved children's novel and a powerful portrayal of love, loss, and imagination through children's eyes. Dynamic visuals and natural performances further enhance the imaginative film". At Metacritic, the movie got 74 out of 100 from 25 reviews. This meant it received "generally favorable reviews".

James Berardinelli of ReelViews called "Bridge to Terabithia" "easily the best family feature of the early year". Ann Hornaday of "The Washington Post" praised the script. She said it was "utterly recognizable and authentic", and thought Robb and Hutcherson were "perfectly cast". Hornaday said the final five minutes showed "oversweet sentiment." Viewers would remember the film's "warmth and respect with which it pays homage [respect] to first love," she added. Jessica Grose of "The Village Voice" praised director Csupó for not showing "cutesy tween [neither a child, nor a teenager] stereotypes." She felt Jess' relationship with his father made "Bridge to Terabithia" from "a good kids movie to a classic contender". "The New York Times" Jeannette Catsoulis believed that the fantasy was kept in the background "to find magic in the everyday", and thought Csupó directed "like someone intimate with the pain of being different, allowing each personality more than a single characteristic". She particularly praised Deschanel and Madison. Catsoulis said the movie handled adult topics with "with nuance [cleverly] and sensitivity". Since it was smart and "delicate as a spider web", it was the kind of children's movie "rarely seen nowadays". Miriam di Nunzio of the "Chicago Sun-Times" praised Hutcherson and Robb's performances. "[T]he film's heart and soul rests on the abilities of its young lead characters to make us really see the world through children's eyes. The dynamic duo of Hutcherson and Robb do not disappoint," she noted.

Not all reviews were positive. Claudia Puig of "USA Today" said "for a movie about the power of imagination, "Bridge to Terabithia" is not as clever as you would hope". Puig said it was an average translation of the novel. But the adult characters were too caricatured or exaggerated in the movie. The real-life portions of the movie were "derivative and simplistic", but Jess' emotional feelings seemed "powerfully authentic, and this is where the movie finds its truth and soul". "The Wall Street Journal" critic Joe Morgenstern felt the movie overused fantasy. The critic added that the "agreeable simplicity in between computer-generated monsters". The young members of the cast were "appealing but unpolished". Morgenstern thought Csupó lacked experience in direction. Although Deschanel was the best among the adults, she seemed self-directed.

"Bridge to Terabithia" was nominated for seven awards. It won five of these. Josh Hutcherson was nominated at the 2008 Saturn Awards for "Best Performance by a Younger Actor". AnnaSophia Robb was nominated for a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for "Best Young Actress". The film won five awards at the Young Artist Awards. This included "Best Family Feature Film (Fantasy or Musical)" and "Best Performance in a Feature Film – Leading Young Actor" for Hutcherson. Robb won "Best Performance in a Feature Film – Leading Young Actress", and Bailee Madison won "Best Performance in a Feature Film – Young Actress Age Ten or Younger". The cast also won the award for "Best Performance in a Feature Film – Young Ensemble Cast". The cast included Hutcherson, Robb, Madison, Wakefield, Clinton, Lawless, Isabelle Rose Kircher, Carly Owen, Devon Wood, Emma Fenton and Grace Brannigan.


Waldviertel

The Waldviertel ("Forest Quarter") is a region in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.


CSIS

CSIS may refer to:

Eternal flame

An eternal flame is a flame that burns for a very long time. They are used for creating a powerful symbol. There was an eternal flame in the ancient Greek temple at Delphi. Other famous eternal flames include the one at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Paris, the John F. Kennedy Eternal Flame at his grave in the Arlington National Cemetery, and the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, Australia.


Terrestrial planet

A terrestrial planet is mostly made of rock (silicate). Earth is the "original" terrestrial planet. When astronomers started understanding the kinds of planet they extended the term to include our nearest rocky neighbours: Mercury, Venus and Mars. 

It is often said that they are similar to Earth. This is true of most of the structure and composition, but not the surface or the atmosphere. A terrestrial planet may be much hotter or colder than Earth, and may have much more or much less atmosphere. 

With the discovery of planets orbiting other stars (exoplanets), the term terrestrial planet has been extended again to any rocky (silicate) planet orbiting any star.

All terrestrial planets have a core, a mantle, and a crust. They are a bit like a boiled egg: the central yolk is the core; the white albumin is the mantle; and the shell is the crust. The crust of a terrestrial planet is thin, with the core and the mantle taking up the vast bulk, sometimes with a very large core, sometimes much smaller. Terrestrial planets have metallic cores of mostly iron, with rocky mantles and crusts. 

All terrestrial planets have the same type of structure: a central metallic core, mostly iron, with a surrounding silicate mantle. 

The Moon is similar, but has a much smaller iron core. Io and Europa are also satellites that have internal structures similar to that of terrestrial planets. Terrestrial planets can have canyons, craters, mountains, volcanoes, and other surface structures, depending on the presence of water and tectonic activity. Terrestrial planets have "secondary atmospheres", got from volcanism, meteorites, and photosynthesis. In the giant planets, their atmospheres are "primary", captured directly from the original solar nebula.

Dave Thomas

David "Dave" Thomas (July 2, 1932 – January 8, 2002) was the founder of Wendy's Old Fashioned Hamburgers, and was its chief executive officer (CEO). He never graduated from high school, but did earn his GED in 1993.

Thomas is also famous as a commercial spokesman for his company. He first appeared in a Wendy's TV commercial in 1989, and by the time he died, he had appeared in over 800, including every Wendy's commercial that aired in the 1990s.

Cheating

Cheating happens when someone breaks rules or lies.

Cheating can be done in many ways. Some students cheat on a test by copying someone else's answers and writing secret notes. This can get them kicked out of school.

People who break the rules of a game are cheating. For example, if someone holds the ball when playing soccer, they are cheating. Another form of cheating in sport is using performance-enhancing drugs; Ben Johnson and Lance Armstrong are examples of sportspeople who used drugs to cheat.

When someone is in a relationship with another person and they kiss, date or have sex with someone else, they are cheating on the person they are in a relationship with - unless they are in an open relationship. This is called infidelity. If the two people are married, and one has sex with somebody else, it is called adultery.

Local and national governments have laws. If someone breaks the law, they can be punished. If someone cheats in a way that is not illegal, they cannot be punished by law. Some common punishments include jail and fines.

Organizations, such as schools, can have rules. Rules are not laws, but people can still be punished for breaking a rule.

The first cheat in video games was thought to be the "Konami Code", a code Konami used to test a game that was too hard for them to do alone. See cheat code for more on cheating in video games. 

Sometimes, even if the game creators do not provide cheat codes, it is possible to cheating with some 3rd party software. Game cheats create unfairness in online games and often cheating players' accounts are banned.

Caroline Kennedy

Caroline Bouvier Kennedy (born November 27, 1957) is an American diplomat, writer and lawyer. Since 2022, she has been the 27th United States ambassador to Australia under President Joe Biden. She was also the 29th United States ambassador to Japan from 2013 to 2017 under Barack Obama. 

Kennedy is also the only living child of her parents, John F. Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States and former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy. 

Caroline Bouvier Kennedy was born on November 27, 1957, She was born at Weill Cornell Medical Center in Manhattan, New York City to parents were then U.S. Senator John F. Kennedy and socialite Jacqueline Kennedy. Kennedy was born a year after her mother had a miscarriage in August 1956, of her older sister named Arabella Kennedy. 

She spent the first few years of her life in Georgetown, Washington, D.C. At this time, her father was in the United States Senate. In November 1960, her father became the 35th president of the United States. Two weeks later, on November 25, her mother gave birth to a son, John F. Kennedy Jr.

On January 20, 1961, Kennedy's father was inaugurated and became the 35th president of the United States. She was three years old at the time. Her family became the new first family and moved into the White House.

During her childhood in the White House, Kennedy was often seen playing with her father in the Oval Office while her brother was underneath the presidential desk.

When Kennedy was five years old, her father was assassinated on November 22, 1963. This was just days before her sixth birthday. On November 25, the state funeral for her father was held in Washington, D.C. She went to the funeral with her family.

On December 6, 1963, the Kennedy's officially moved out of the White House. They moved back to Georgetown and later left public life.

Kennedy and her family later moved to Manhattan in New York. She graduated from Concord Academy in 1975. She then graduated from Harvard University's Radcliffe College with a bachelor's degree in Arts in 1980. Kennedy also graduated from Columbia Law School with a law degree in 1988. 

After graduating, she worked as a research assistant at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Film and Television Department in New York.

She is also the honorary president of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation and a member of the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award Committee.

Caroline Kennedy met fashion designer Edwin Schlossberg while working at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Film and Television Department in New York City. They got married on July 19, 1986, at Our Lady of Victory Church in Centerville, Massachusetts. The couple has three children, two daughters, Rose Schlossberg and Tatiana Schlossberg and one son Jack Schlossberg.

In July 2013, then President Barack Obama nominated Kennedy as the next United States ambassador to Japan. In October 2013, she was confirmed by the Senate as the next ambassador. On November 12, 2013, Kennedy was sworn in as the 29th United States ambassador to Japan by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry. Kennedy was the first female ambassador from the United States to the country.

As ambassador, Kennedy had strongly advocated for literacy, women's rights, and LGBT rights in the country.

Kennedy served as the ambassador to Japan from 2013 until her resignation upon the inauguration of Donald Trump in January 2017.

During the 2020 United States presidential election, Kennedy and her son, Jack Schlossberg appeared virtually at the 2020 Democratic National Convention. They did this because of the Covid-19 pandemic. Kennedy and her son endorsed Joe Biden for president.

In December 2021, President Biden nominated Kennedy as the next United States ambassador to Australia. By May 2022, she was confirmed by the Senate as the next ambassador. Kennedy was sworn in as the 27th ambassador to Australia on June 10, 2022.

Supercopa de España

The Supercopa de España or the "Spanish Super Cup" is a two-legged Spanish football championship contested by the winners of La Liga and the Copa del Rey.

Lionel Messi has scored the most goals in the history of the Spanish Super Cup, with 12 goals.

The competition was formed in 1982.

Steve Staunton

Stephen Staunton (born 19 January 1969) is an Irish former professional footballer. He enjoyed a distinguished career with Liverpool and Aston Villa, and became the Republic of Ireland's most capped player. He is also the former manager of Republic of Ireland.

Liverpool

Aston Villa

Individual


UEFA Euro 2004

The 2004 UEFA European Football Championship (or just Euro 2004) was the twelfth tournament of the UEFA European Football Championship, a football tournament held all four years for European nations. It was held in Portugal between 12 June and 4 July 2004. The UEFA Euro was given to Portugal in 1999. Winner was Greece after a 1:0 versus Portugal.The qualification was held in 10 groups of five in the years 2002 and 2003.

The qualification was held in 10 groups of five in the years 2002 and 2003. 

The teams on the second place of the groups held a Play off round.

Twelve referees were selected for the tournament:



"All times are Western European Summer Time (UTC+1)."

For teams that finish equal in points, the following rules are used:










BBC Sports Personality of the Year Lifetime Achievement Award

The BBC Sports Personality of the Year Lifetime Achievement Award is an award given annually as part of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony each December. The award is given to a sportsperson "who has made a major impact on the world of sport during their lifetime". The winner is selected by BBC Sport.

Freedom of the City

Freedom of the City is an honor given by some municipalities in Australia, Canada, Ireland, France, Italy, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and Zimbabwe to esteemed members of its community or to organisations that have given the community heroic service.

Mania

Mania is a type of mood. Mania is usually a symptom of a medical problem or a mental illness. A person with mania is described as manic.

When people are manic, they usually have much more energy than usual. They often have very strong emotions, and their moods may change very quickly.

The word "mania" comes from the Greek language ("μwordsανία" means "mania"). That word comes from "μαίνομαι" ("mainomai)", which means "to rage" or "to be furious" (very angry).

Mania is a symptom, not an illness by itself. Many different things can cause mania. These things include illegal drugs and brain tumors. However, most of the time, mania happens in people with bipolar disorder. Bipolar disorder causes periods of mania that switch off with periods of depression.

Like with other symptoms, mania can be mild (not very bad), severe (very bad), or anywhere in between. Mild mania is usually called "hypomania." Very bad mania can cause psychosis, with hallucinations and delusions.

Sometimes people with mania may need to be hospitalized so they do not hurt themselves or other people. Many people with mania and hypomania have special creativity and artistic talents.

The most common symptoms of mania are:
Other symptoms of mania can include:

In the United States, a book called "The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" (DSM), published by the American Psychiatric Association, is used to diagnose mental illnesses. According to the latest version of the DSM, the DSM-5, a person is having a "manic episode" if all of these things are true:
In addition, the person must also have three or more of these symptoms:

The ICD-10 is the World Health Organization's system for classifying health problems. It describes a manic episode this way:

Mental illness

Mania is usually a symptom of mental illness, most often bipolar disorder. A diagnosis of type I bipolar disorder (bipolar I disorder) can be made based on a single manic episode. This is the most common cause of mania. If a person is hypomanic, they may have type II bipolar disorder or cyclothymia. If a person has psychosis that lasts longer than their mania, they may have schizoaffective disorder.

Medical causes

Mania is usually caused by a mental illness. However, some medical illnesses can cause symptoms of mania. Some doctors use the mnemonic E-MANIC to remember the possible medical causes of mania:

Not having enough vitamin B-12 (vitamin B-12 deficiency) can also cause mania and psychosis.

If mania is caused by a medical problem, the best thing to do is to treat that medical problem.

If mania is caused by a mental illness, the best treatment is a combination of medicines and psychotherapy (talking with a therapist or counselor).

Doctors usually treat mania with a combination of mood stabilizers and antipsychotic medicines. While taking these medicines, the patient should see their doctor regularly to be checked for side effects. 
When the symptoms of mania have ended, long-term treatment then focuses on preventative treatment. The goal of this kind of treatment is to prevent periods of mania or depression from happening. Very often, this is done using a combination of drugs and psychotherapy. Medication works best for bipolar disorder, and other mental illnesses, when it is combined with other treatments like psychotherapy.




Chicago Symphony Orchestra

The Chicago Symphony Orchestra (CSO) is an American orchestra based in Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the great orchestras of the world. They play in the Orchestra Hall, part of the Symphony Center, in Chicago. In the summer they play at the Ravinia Festival. From 2010 the conductor will be Riccardo Muti. 

The Chicago Symphony Orchestra was started in 1891. It was called the "Chicago Orchestra". In 1905 the orchestra was renamed "Theodore Thomas Orchestra" and Frederick Stock became the conductor. He stayed with the orchestra until 1942. The orchestra was renamed "Chicago Symphony Orchestra" in 1913.

Other conductors have included Désiré Defauw, Artur Rodziński, Rafael Kubelík, Fritz Reiner, Jean Martinon, Georg Solti and Daniel Barenboim. When Barenboim left in 2006, the orchestra named Bernard Haitink principal conductor and Pierre Boulez became conductor emeritus. In 2010 Riccardo Muti will become the orchestra’s conductor.

The orchestra has also had many famous guest conductors, including Richard Strauss, John Williams, Arnold Schoenberg, Sergei Prokofiev, Sergei Rachmaninov, Maurice Ravel, Edward Elgar, Aaron Copland, Leonard Slatkin, André Previn, Michael Tilson Thomas, Leonard Bernstein, Leopold Stokowski, Erich Leinsdorf, Eugene Ormandy, George Szell and Charles Münch. Many of these guest conductors have also recorded with the orchestra. 

The three principal guest conductors of the orchestra have been Carlo Maria Giulini, Claudio Abbado, and Pierre Boulez.

Every summer the Chicago Symphony Orchestra plays in Ravinia in Highland Park, Illinois The orchestra helped in the first Ravinia Festival in August 1936 and has been to the Festival every summer since. 

Mark Anthony Turnage is the composer-in-residence.

During its history the orchestra have made more than 900 recordings. They have received many rewards.

The orchestra was composed by John Williams for Steven Spielberg's 2012 movie "Lincoln".




Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra

The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra (PSO) is an American orchestra based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The orchestra's home is Heinz Hall, located in Pittsburgh's Cultural District.

The orchestra was started in 1895. Several of the musicians had come from the Boston Symphony Orchestra. The earliest conductors were Archer, Victor Herbert and Emil Paur. Famous guest conductors included Edward Elgar and Richard Strauss. In 1910 the orchestra had to stop playing because they had no money.

In 1926 the orchestra was started again. The musicians were not paid, and they gave money to make it possible for the orchestra to continue. It started to become a good orchestra in 1937 when Otto Klemperer was asked to take the orchestra and reorganize it. Since then the orchestra has developed and become an international orchestra.

Fritz Reiner (1938-48) conducted the orchestra for ten years. It was not easy during the war because the musicians often had to go to fight in the war and others came instead. From 1948 to 1952, several famous conductors led the orchestra, including Leonard Bernstein and Leopold Stokowski.

When William Steinberg took over from 1952 to 1976 he took them on tour to Europe and made many recordings. He was followed by André Previn who helped the orchestra to make a television series "Previn and the Pittsburgh". Lorin Maazel, who came from Pittsburgh, conducted them until 1996, taking them on several international tours. Mariss Jansons followed Maazel from 1997-2004. After he left the orchestra had guest conductors but not a musical director (main conductor) for four years. In 2008 the Austrian conductor Manfred Honeck was made music director. Leonard Slatkin is the main guest conductor.

In 2004, the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra with conductor Gilbert Levine became the first American orchestra to play for the Pope.


Andrea del Verrocchio

Andrea del Verrocchio (c. 1435 – 1488), born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de' Cioni, was an Italian sculptor, goldsmith and painter. He had an important workshop in Florence. Many other Renaissance painters were Verrocchio's apprentices or worked in his workshop. These included Botticelli, Ghirlandaio and Perugino. Verrocchio's most famous apprentice was Leonardo da Vinci. 
Verrocchio was born in Florence in 1435. His father was Michele di Francesco Cioni who was not married to Verrocchio's mother. Michele made tiles and bricks. Later he worked as a tax collector. He worked for the Medici family of bankers, then he moved to Venice. 

When Verrocchio was born, he was named Andrea di Francesco di Cioni. His name was changed to Andrea del Verrocchio when he was apprenticed to a goldsmith called Verrocchio (who was probably Francesco di Luca Verrocchio, who was very rich and successful). As an apprentice to a goldsmith, Verrocchio learnt how to make jewellery and golden tableware such as plates, dishes, jugs and salt containers. He learnt how to hammer gold into thin sheets called "gold leaf" and use it to decorate picture frames, statues and illuminated manuscripts. He also learnt how to make bronze statues. Verrocchio's bronze statues are his most famous works. 

At this time Verrocchio met Donatello. Donatello became one of the most famous sculptors ever. He made many more statues than Verrocchio. However, Donatello and Verrocchio both made a statue of David with the head of Goliath, and both made a huge statue of a famous soldier on horseback (equestrian statue). Art historians often compare the two Davids and the two equestrian statues. 

It is thought that Verrocchio began painting in the 1460s, when he worked at Prato with the painter Fra Filippo Lippi. There is only one known painting that was signed by Verrocchio. This is an altarpiece of the "Madonna and Child with Saints" in the Cathedral of Pistoia, painted in the late 1470s. There are several more paintings from Verrocchio's studio. They have probably been painted partly by Verrocchio and partly by his students. 

The most famous of these paintings was done between 1472 and 1475. It is a "Baptism of Christ". Giorgio Vasari writing in his book "Lives of the Great Artists" says that the angel on the left was painted by Leonardo da Vinci. Vasari says that when Verrocchio saw how beautifully the eighteen-year-old apprentice could paint, he put down his brush and never painted again. On close examination, it can be seen that most of the painting is painted in old-fashioned tempera, but the angel, parts of Jesus' body, and the background landscape have been painted in the new technique of oil painting. This makes art historians think that Leonardo worked on many parts of this picture. It has also been suggested that Botticelli painted the second angel.

Verrochio made two large beautiful things out of stone, a coffin and a wash basin. He is thought to have also carved a Madonna and Child in low relief (an almost-flat stone picture). 

Verrocchio's most famous sculptures are made in bronze which is a sort of metal. To make a bronze statue, Verrocchio made the statue in wax. Then plaster was put over the wax, and the wax was removed, leaving a mould. The metal was heated over a furnace until it melted and became molten (liquid). The molten metal was poured into the mould and slowly allowed to cool. When the plaster was chipped away, the bronze statue was inside. The statue then needed to be finished and polished.

The Church of San Lorenzo (St Lawrence) was a new church in Florence. It was built by the architect Brunelleschi in the new style of the Renaissance. The Medici family were the most important patrons of this church. The family chose Verrocchio as the sculptor to make three works for San Lorenzo. 

In 1465 Verrocchio made a wash basin for the room of San Lorenzo's where the robes and Communion vessels were kept. (It is now called the "Old Sacristy".) Above the basin is carved an eagle, the symbol of St John the Evangelist. On the bowl of the basin is carved the Medici coat of arms. Verrocchio then had to design a tomb for Cosimo, the famous banker, and grandfather of the Medici family. 

In the early 1470s Lorenzo de' Medici gave him the job of designing the tomb of Lorenzo's father Piero and uncle Giovanni. The tomb that Verrocchio designed was very unusual. He made a large "sarcophagus" (stone coffin) out of beautiful dark red stone, trimmed with green stone and sculptured leaves of bronze. Instead of being placed against a wall in the usual way, the tomb was designed to stand in an archway leading into the Sacristy. Verrocchio designed a net that looks as if it is made of rope, but is made of bronze. This network makes a screen in the archway, so that people who look at the tomb can see through into the sacristy.

The most unusual church in Florence is Orsanmichele. This building is an ancient corn-market that had, painted on the wall, a precious image of the "Madonna and Child". The corn-market was turned into a church, and the sides of the building, which used to be open, were given walls. The walls had "niches" which is a hollow that a statue can stand in. The niches were big enough for life-sized statues. Many people worked at different jobs in the city of Florence. The people of different jobs belonged to organisations called "guilds". Every important guild in the city wanted to have a statue of their patron saint in a niche at Orsanmichele Church. The statues were made by some of the finest sculptors of Florence. 

In 1466 the Guild of Traders gave Verrocchio the job of making a bronze statue of their saint, St Thomas. Verrocchio made a group of two figures which shows the most important moment in the story of St Thomas. At the back of the niche stands the figure of Jesus, raising one hand to Heaven. St Thomas stands at the edge of the niche, looking at Jesus in amazement and reaching out his hand to touch the spear-wound in Jesus' side. Verrocchio's statue was admired for the way in which he had fitted the two figures into the space, and the way in which he had told the story. 

At about this time Verrocchio also made a huge brass candlestick for the Palazzo Vecchio (the town hall). This candlestick is now in Amsterdam. 

In the 1470s, Lorenzo Medici and his brother Giuliano gave Verrocchio the job of making a statue of David. David, a shepherd boy in a story from the Bible, had killed the giant, Goliath. He was one of the patrons of the city. Nowadays there are at least eight statues of David in Florence, the most famous one being by Michelangelo. 

When Verrocchio made his statue, the most famous "David" in Florence was a life-sized bronze statue by Donatello. This statue shows David naked, except for his boots and hat. The figure stands gracefully, looking down at the giant head at his feet. It looks very much like an Ancient Greek statue. Verrochio's statue of David is very different, even though it is a similar size and is also made of bronze. 

Verrocchio's statue looks like a real-live boy, dressed in modern parade clothes. He does not stand elegantly. His muscles are all drawn tight. He grips the handle of the sword so tightly that the sinews of his arm stand out. The muscles of his face are pulled into the silly grin that people sometimes get when they are very frightened. Verrocchio's David has just killed the giant, but now he is facing the whole enemy army and wondering what will happen next. The handsome boy that Verrocchio used as his model for David is believed to have been Leonardo da Vinci. 

The Medici also gave Verrocchio the job of making a bronze statue of a "Cherub with a Dolphin" to go in the fountain of their home in the countryside. The statue now stands in the small courtyard of the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence.

In 1478 Verrocchio began work on his most famous statue. It is a "equestrian statue", a statue of a man on horseback. The statue was made for the Republic of Venice in memory of a famous soldier who had lead military troops many times when Venice was at war. His name was Bartolomeo Colleoni, and he had died in 1475. Colleoni was admired by many people who thought he was a good man, as well as a brave soldier and great military leader. Colleoni left a message to say that he wanted a statue of himself in the main square of Venice, right opposite St Mark's Basilica. The town council would not allow this. The statue was put in another important square, near the Hospital of St Mark and the Church of two Roman soldier-saints, St Giovanni and St Paolo. 

When Verrocchio started making this statue, there had been only one big equestrian monument made in more than a thousand years. Donatello had made an equestrian statue of another soldier, who was nicknamed Gattamelata ("the Smug Cat"). Verrocchio must have looked at Donatello's statue, which was in Padua and at the four ancient bronze horses that stood high on the front of St Mark's Basilica. Verrocchio decided to make his horse do something which the St Mark's horses do, but Donatello's horse does not do. The horses at St Marks all have one front hoof raised, so that they are perfectly balanced on only three legs. 

Verrocchio's horse looks as if it is moving forward quite fast. It is full of action. The figure of Colleoni is not sitting down in the saddle, he is standing in the stirups, as if he is looking out to spot the enemy. The horse's head turns one way, and the body and face of Colleoni turns the other way. Colleoni looks fierce, as if he is leading his troops into battle. The statue is very lively and very lifelike. 

Verrocchio moved from Florence to Venice in 1488, to help with the casting of the bronze statue. But he died that year, and never saw his most famous work finished.


Toxoplasma

Toxoplasma gondii is a protozoan parasite that can infect almost all warm-blooded animals, including humans.

In humans, it is one of the most common parasites. Blood test show that up to a third of the world population has been or is infected with "T. gondii". Infection rates differ greatly from country to country.

Although mild, flu-like symptoms occasionally occur during the first few weeks, infection with "T. gondii" generally produces no symptoms in healthy human adults. But in infants, HIV/AIDS patients, and others with weakened immunity, infection can cause serious and occasionally fatal illness (toxoplasmosis).

Infection in humans and other warm-blooded animals can occur

The parasite can only sexually reproduce in the intestines of members of the cat family (felids). Felids are therefore the definitive hosts of "T. gondii", with all other hosts defined as 'intermediate hosts'.

Thai Airways

Thai Airways International (การบินไทย) is the national airline of Thailand. "Thai Airways International" began in 1960. In 1988, it was combine with "Thai Airways Company". This created the current Thai Airways. It joined Star Alliance in 1997. Its headquarters are at 89 Vibhavadi Rangsit Road, Chatuchak, Bangkok 10900. As of December 2020, it has 61 aircraft. It goes to 78 cities all over the world, except Africa and America.

Falklands War

The Falklands War was a war between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the Falkland Islands in 1982. The Falkland Islands are 480 kilometres from Argentina in the southern Atlantic Ocean.

Argentina and the United Kingdom have argued over which country the Falklands Islands belongs to since the 1800s. In the 1760s and 1770s, the British set up a town at Port Egmont, which nearly led to a war with Spain who had a town at Port Louis. Then Argentina became a separate country from Spain in 1817 and set up a colony on the islands (which they call "Malvinas") in 1820. An American warship later destroyed this town, and the British took the islands again in 1833.

The British kept the islands until Argentinian Special Forces invaded on 2 April 1982 and took control of the island.

The United Nations Security Council asked Argentina to withdraw, and tried to end the crisis with diplomacy. After seven weeks, Argentina did not withdraw, so the British Armed Forces traveled more than 12,000 km to attack. After a short battle in the air and at sea, the British landed on 21 May and fought on land until Argentina's army surrendered on 14 June.

The British captured 11,313 soldiers, and killed about 650. Almost half of these Argentinian deaths were when the warship ARA "General Belgrano" was sunk by the British submarine HMS "Conqueror". In total there were 258 British deaths.

The diplomatic relations between the two countries were broken because of the war. Relations between the two countries came back in 1990.

Red kangaroo

The red kangaroo ("Macropus rufus") is the largest kangaroo. The word "macropus" means "big foot" and "rufus" means red. It is the largest mammal in Australia, and the largest marsupial in the world. It lives in the arid open areas of Australia which covers much of the country. It is not found in the south, on the east coast, or in the northern rainforests. 

The red kangaroo is a very large kangaroo. The fur is short, red to brown in colour, fading to a pale colour below and on the legs. Females are smaller than males and are a blue-grey colour with a small amount of brown, pale grey below, although arid area females are coloured like males. The kangaroo has long, pointed ears and a squared-off nose. The kangaroo has two front legs with small claws. It has two strong back legs, which are used for jumping, and a strong tail which is often used for balance when standing upright. The tail is also used as a fifth leg when walking slowly.

The males can jump a distance of in one leap.

Males grow up to tall and weigh up to . Females are tall and weigh up to . The tails is about long. There are often reports of larger red kangaroos, with some males reaching about tall.

The red kangaroo is able to keep its body cool (36 °C, 96.8 °F) in a hot climate. Its fur acts to insulate the body and during the heat of the day the kangaroo will rest and stay in the shade. It also control its temperature by panting (breathing hard), sweating and licking its front legs.

The red kangaroo's range of vision is about 300° because of the position of its eyes. (A human's range of vision is about 180°).

The red kangaroo is nocturnal and crepuscular, and spends the day sleeping or resting in the shade. It is active in the cool of the evening and at dawn. It lives alone or in small groups called 'mobs'. Membership of these groups often changes, and males are not territorial. The largest males control most of the matings and chase off other males.

The Red Kangaroo eats grasses and other vegetation. It can go without water, as they are able to get enough moisture out of plants.

The red kangaroo breeds all year round. The gestation period is around 33 days. The females are also able to delay birth of their baby until their previous joey has left the pouch. The young joey leaves the pouch at around 235 days old, but will continue to suckle until it reaches 1 year of age.

When male kangaroos fight, they look like they are "boxing". They usually stand up on their back legs and attempt to push the other off balance by jabbing him or locking front legs. Using their tail to support their weight, they can also kick with their powerful back legs.

The red kangaroo is hunted in large numbers in Australia. In the year 2000, 1,173,242 animals were killed. In 2009 the government put a limit of 1,611,204 for the number of red kangaroos available for commercial use. The kangaroo industry is worth about AU$270 million each year, and employs over 4000 people.
The kangaroos provide meat for both humans and pet food. Kangaroo meat is very lean with only about 2% fat. Their skins are used for leather, and makes the lightest and strongest leather. Around the world, nearly all professional soccer players wear boots made from kangaroo leather.

Christ myth theory

The Christ myth theory (also called the Jesus myth theory) is the theory that Jesus of Nazareth, the central figure of Christianity and of the Bible's Gospels, is only a myth. 

The Christ myth theory is a fringe theory, supported by few Biblical historians nor Biblical scholars. It deviates from the main historical view, which is that a historical Jesus who was crucified in the 1st-century Roman province of Judea.

There are different meaning used for the word "myth". Because of this, there are many different views about how Jesus could be a myth.

Urolagnia

Urolagnia (also urophilia, undinism) is when people gain sexual pleasure from urine and/or urination. The term has origins in the Greek Language (from "ouron", urine, and "lagneia", lust). 

Those who enjoy urolagnia may enjoy urinating on other people, or being urinated on. The practice of drinking the urine is called urophagia. People who practice urolagnia may play in a domination and submission scene. 

These activities are often described with the slang terms "golden showers", "water sports", or "piss play". Uncontrollable "bladder desperation" or "panty wetting" is socially a different matter.

In New Zealand, publishing anything promoting or supporting urolagnia, whether in print or online, is an offence punishable by up to ten years in prison. Probably that law is rarely used.

BDSM

BDSM is an initialism for bondage/discipline ("BD") and sadism/masochism ("SM"). It means some kinds of sex play, sometimes these are called kink or fetish. They all have to do with trying to get sexual pleasure out of things that are often painful or upsetting. People try to do this in a safe way by agreeing on a "safe word". If someone says this word the whole play stops. This is to stop the play from going too far and causing real physical or emotional hurt.

Engaging in BDSM is riskier than practicing sex without the BDSM elements (often called "vanilla sex"). People doing BDSM follow a number of rules. People engaging in BDSM derive pleasure from either inflicting or receiving pain. They also do not want to give the impression that sex and violence are linked.

Before people engage in BDSM, they usually talk about each of the partner's wishes and fears. They also talk about the things that they are going to do, and the order in which they are done. Such detailed conversations are common. As people get to know each other better, these conversations become more informal. In addition, participants usually agree on a "safe word"; with this safe word, the action has to stop immediately. Safe words are used to make sure BDSM is safe. Sometimes one person thinks the play is OK, but the other person does not. The person who does not think the play is OK will use a safe word or gesture. This means that the play must stop so nobody gets hurt or injured.

What is also seen as a way of safety, is that after the session, the "top" is caring for the "bottom". The actions may have released hormones, and it may take minutes to hours for the bottom to return to a normal state. It is seen as a duty of the top to care for the bottom in this phase. This also applies when sessions are interrupted.

Bondage is the use of items like handcuffs, ropes or chains to keep a willing person from moving. Bondage often has to do with sex, but not always. Bondage is done because some people like the feeling of being not able to move while having sex. In this case, bondage sometimes has to do with BDSM, as often in the case of rope bondage and bondage of the female breasts. The letter "B" in BDSM stands for "bondage". Bondage may also be done just because people may like the feelings it creates.

Some couples include bondage as foreplay in their otherwise traditional sex lives at some time during their relationship. These bedroom bondage games are often with one partner willingly being restrained with rope or cuffs. Sometimes they can also be blindfolded or gagged.

Domination and submission is a lifestyle. Often it is seen as a form of erotic play. Usually two people do this. With this lifestyle or context, one of the two people has the dominant role. He or she can tell the other (called submissive) to do things. The submissive has to obey. The roles are usually agreed on beforehand. The submission is voluntary. Sadomasochism may be seen as a variation of domination and submission. A person who might play either role is called a switch.

Hogtie bondage is a form of bondage in which the limbs of a person are tied together. This make the person unable to move and helpless.


Şalom

Şalom is a Jewish weekly newspaper published in Turkey. Its name is the Turkish spelling of the Hebrew word "shalom" meaning "Peace". It was established on 29 October 1947 by the Turkish Jewish journalist Avram Leyon. It is printed in Istanbul and is published every Wednesday. Apart from one Ladino page, it is published in Turkish. İvo Molinas is its publisher. Yakup Barokas is its editor-in-chief. Its circulation is about 5,000.


Talmud

The Talmud is a collection of texts which are important in Judaism. These texts are about discussions Rabbis had about Jewish law, ethics, customs and history. The Talmud has two parts, the Mishnah and the Gemara. The Mishnah was written down about 200 C.E. The Mishna is about the oral laws of Judaism. The Gemara was written down around the year 500. It discusses the Mishnah, writings of the Tannaim, and the Tanakh. The Talmud is taken very seriously. The Talmud is studied and used every day by Jewish people all over the world and is considered an extremely necessary part of the Jewish religion.

Hibernate (OS feature)

Hibernation is a technology used in certain operating systems. It allows to save the contents of the system memory onto a hard disk or other permanent storage. The computer can then be powered off. When it is powered up again, this information can be read again. That way the system will start up much faster.

The amount of free space on the hard disk needs to be greater than the amount of RAM in order for hibernation to work.

Isospora belli

Isospora belli is a species of internal parasites classified under Coccidia.
It is responsible for the condition isosporiasis.

Return to the Blue Lagoon

Return to the Blue Lagoon is a 1991 American romantic adventure movie starring Milla Jovovich and Brian Krause, produced and directed by William A. Graham. The screenplay was by Leslie Steven. It tells the story of two young people growing up on a small, remote tropical island. It is the sequel to "The Blue Lagoon".

Tab (GUI)

On computers using graphics for an interface, a tab is a way to switch between different controls (such as in a configuration screen), or documents (such as in a web browser or word processor). Only one tab can be active at a time.

More recently tabs have become a popular feature of most web browsers. This allows you to have more than one website open in the same window.



Mark McGwire

Mark David McGwire (born October 1, 1963 in Pomona, California) is a former right-handed First baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Oakland Athletics (1986–1997) and the St. Louis Cardinals (1997–2001). He had a career .263 Batting average, and 583 Home Runs. 

Although McGwire has never admitted to or been convicted of any steroid use, many of his accomplishments, particularly his historic home run surge late in his career, have come into question due to his connection to the steroid scandal in Major League Baseball.

Cryptosporidium

Cryptosporidium is a protozoan parasite which causes outbreaks of diarrhea. 

A number of species of "Cryptosporidium" can infect mammals. The most common species to infect man is "Cryptosporidium parvum". The diarrhea can become severe in children, and in people whose immune system is weakened. It is often found in HIV patients who have diarrhea. In healthy adults, the infection is usually brief.

It is difficult to identify in the laboratory. The oocytes can be seen under a microscope, but they may be confused. Most cryptosporidia are 3-6 μm in size, but some reports have described larger cells. New real-time monitoring can detect "Cryptosporidium" better than the older spot testing and batch testing methods.

If "Cryptosporidium" is suspected in the water, the safest option is to boil water used for drinking.

Dodecahedron

A dodecahedron is a polyhedron (a three-dimensional shape) that has 12 faces. Each face is a pentagon (a polygon with five edges). It has 20 corners (also called vertices) and 30 edges altogether.

A regular dodecahedron, which looks exactly the same from all faces, is a Platonic solid. The dual of a dodecahedron is an icosahedron.

If "a" is the length of one of its edges, the surface area and volume of a regular dodecahedron are:

Jorginho (footballer, born 1964)

Jorginho (born 17 August 1964) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

127||5||||||||||127||5
164||15||||||||||164||15
103||17||9||5||28||9||140||31
394||37||9||5||28||9||431||51

!Total||64||3

Ricardo Rocha (footballer, born 1962)

Ricardo Roberto Barreto da Rocha (born 11 September 1962) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

186||3
10||1
67||0
36||5
299||9

!Total||38||0

Ronaldão (footballer)

Ronaldo Rodrigues de Jesus (born June 19, 1965) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

209||4
46||3
255||7

!Total||14||1


Branco (footballer)

Cláudio Ibrahim Vaz Leal (born 4 April 1964 in Bagé, Brazil), better known as Branco, is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

88||9
121||10
60||7
9||0
11||1
289||27

!Total||72||9

Internacional

Fluminense

Porto

Grêmio


Zinho

Zinho (born 17 June 1967) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

347||46||||||||||347||46
83||21||4||2||20||8||107||31
49||7||||||||||49||7
479||74||4||2||20||8||503||84

!Total||55||7


Zetti

Zetti (born 10 January, 1965) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

256||0
256||0

!Total||16||0

Márcio Santos

Márcio Roberto dos Santos (born 15 September 1969) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

137||6
56||4
32||2
25||1
1||0
0||0
251||13

!Total||40||5

Mazinho

Mazinho (born 8 April, 1966) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

114||7
55||2
202||8
371||17

!Total||35||0

Paulo Sérgio (footballer, born 1969)

Paulo Sérgio Silvestre do Nascimento (born, 19) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

72||5
198||68
57||22
0||0
327||95

!Total||12||2

Müller

Müller may refer to:


Viola (footballer)

Paulo Sérgio Rosa, commonly known as Viola (born 1 January 1969), is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a forward. He was given his nickname in his youth, which was a reference to the brand–name of his first pair of football boots.

Viola is famous for his strong personality on the pitch and great appearances in several teams he has played for throughout his long playing career. His first great appearance was in his second match, in the final game of 1988 Campeonato Paulista (1st Division Championship of São Paulo State) between Corinthians and Guarani, considered by the press as having a better team. Viola was called just because the main Corinthians forward, Edmar, was called by the Brazil national football team and then sold to Pescara – and because his main substitute, Marcos Roberto, was with a broken arm. Viola was not having a great offensive presentation, but could score the title goal in the extra time – by putting his leg in the way of a lopsided shot from Wilson Mano, turning it into an assist.

Although Viola became a unexpected and immediate star, Viola did not have a regular basis of good presentations and passed through some loanings until 1992 – he was not part of the first Corinthians title at Brasileirão, in 1990, when he was loaned to São José. He then had a reasonable year in 1992, not being similar to the skinny boy from 1988. In 1993, Viola almost did another title goal to Corinthians in the Campeonato Paulista, celebrating it with a pig imitation – mocking the Palmeiras nickname. But in the second final match, the rivals won the tournament. However, Viola continued to celebrate his goals in joking ways, increasing his popularity. He was then first called by the Brazil team, going to 1993 Copa América and to 1994 FIFA World Cup when he came as a substitute in the extra time, bringing an dynamic performance to a tied game. Viola also ended 1994 as runner-up with Corinthians in the Brasileirão.

By the beginning of 1995, Viola was sold to Valencia, but remained for a further six months in Corinthians - the winning the Campeonato Paulista and the Copa do Brasil. However, he did not fit in Spain. Although Viola had reasonable goal numbers, he chose to return to Brazil by the mid of 1996, even signing with Palmeiras. He did not have a regular frequency of good presentations, and left the club after the runner-up campaign in the 1997 Brasileirão, signing with Santos. He then earned again good performances, leading the team to the semifinals of the Campeonato Paulista and of the Brasileirão, and to the 1998 Copa Conmebol title. He also ended the Brasileirão as top scorer. His career's last good moments were in Vasco da Gama, by 1999 and 2000, as a supporting member of the runner-up squad of 2000 FIFA World Club Cup and of the 2000 Copa Mercosur and Brasileirão champions.

Viola then had an unsuccessful return to Santos in 2001. In he left Brazil again to join Turkish side Gaziantepspor, where he scored 18 goals in 46 Super Lig matches during a -season spell. His last coming back trial was in Taboão da Serra, in 2015.

Corinthians 

Santos 

Vasco da Gama 

Brazil



Gilmar Rinaldi

Gilmar Rinaldi (born 13 January 1959) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

160||0||||||||||160||0
84||0||4||0||19||0||107||0
244||0||4||0||19||0||267||0

!Total||9||0

Ricardo Gomes

Ricardo Gomes Raymundo (born 13 December 1964) is a Brazilian retired professional footballer and manager.

Fluminense

Benfica

Paris Saint-Germain

Brazil

Paris Saint-Germain

Vitória

Bordeaux

Vasco da Gama

Botafogo


Alemão (footballer, born 1961)

Ricardo Rogério de Brito, known as Alemão (born November 22, 1961) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

93||8
35||6
133||11
261||25

1983||1||0
!Total||36||6

Valdo (footballer, born 1964)

Valdo Filho (born 12 January 1964) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Grêmio

Benfica

Paris Saint-Germain

Cruzeiro

Brazil



Paulo Silas

Paulo Silas (born 27 August 1965) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

94||17||||||||||94||17
47||11||||||||||47||11
2||3||||||||||2||3
57||6||||||||||57||6
95||24||||||||||95||24
56||11||4||1||6||3||66||15
351||72||4||1||6||3||361||76

!Total||34||1

Acácio (footballer)

Acácio Cordeiro Barreto (born 24 January, 1959) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

162||0
84||0
246||0

!Total||6||0

Carlos Mozer

Carlos Mozer (born 19 September 1960) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

89||8
120||11
89||4
17||0
315||23

!Total||32||0

Renato Gaúcho

Renato Gaúcho (born 9 September 1962) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

191||57
23||0
214||57
!Total||41||5

Tita (footballer, born 1958)

Tita (born 1 April 1958) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

143||50
21||10
27||9
178||89
369||158

!Total||31||6

Mauro Galvão

Mauro Galvão (born 19 December, 1961) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

294||11
202||22
496||33

!Total||24||0

Zé Carlos (footballer, born 1962)

José Carlos da Costa Araújo (born 7 February 1962) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

143||0
98||0
241||0
!Total||3||0

Sebastião Lazaroni

Sebastião Lazaroni (born 25 September, 1950) is a Brazilian football manager.

Custer's Revenge

Custer's Revenge is a game for the Atari 2600, where the player must dodge arrows to rape a woman in each level. The game is based on US General George Custer. It is a pornographic adult game. There were many complaints when the game was released in the early 1980's.

Myelodysplastic syndrome

The Myelodysplastic syndrome is a group of diseases and conditions that affect how blood is made. These diseases were formerly known as preleukemia, mostly because sometimes they can lead to leukemia. Often, its name is shortened to MDS. 

Myelodysplastic syndromes affect the bone marrow stem cells. The production of blood does not rely on good stem cells, but ones that have been modified genetically. This means that the production of red blood cells, sometimes of white blood cells and blood platelets changed. The production becomes inefficient, or goes wrong altogether. Most of the time, this manifests in anemia - not having enough blood. Depending on the severity of the condition, it can also cause hemorrhages and infections with fever.

Most of the people who have these conditions are 60 years or older, but younger people can get it too, especially if they went through a form of chemotherapy. Most of the suffers die from the disease, usually after six to thirty months. The only known cure is a stem cell transplant. About a third of those suffering contract leukemia within a few months to a few years. 

MDS

MDS or M.D.S. may refer to:


Bone marrow

Bone marrow is a type of tissue that can be found in hollow bones of many animals including humans. In adults, the bone marrow in large bones makes new blood cells. Bone marrow makes up about 4% of an adult human's weight (about 2.6 kilograms).

There are two types of bone marrow. Red marrow is made mostly of myeloid tissue (which makes new blood cells). Red blood cells, platelets, and most white blood cells are created by red marrow. Yellow marrow is made mainly of fat cells. Both types of bone marrow contain many blood vessels and capillaries.

When a person is born, all of their bone marrow is red. As the person ages, more and more of the bone marrow changes to the yellow type. By adulthood, about half of a person's bone marrow is red.

Red marrow is found mainly in the flat bones - like the hip bone, breast bone, skull, ribs, vertebra (the bones that make up the spinal column), and shoulder blades - and in the cancellous ("spongy") material at the ends of the long bones like the femur (thigh bone) and humerus (upper forearm bone). Yellow marrow is found inside the hollow middle section, or medullary cavity of the long bones.

In cases of severe blood loss, the body can change yellow marrow back to red marrow so that more blood cells are made to replace the lost blood.

Cyclospora cayetanensis

Cyclospora cayetanensis is a protozoan that causes disease in humans, and perhaps other primates. The cause of clinical disease in immunosuppressed hosts is related to prolonged severe and highly recurrent diarrheas.

Stem cell

Stem cells are cells of the body
(somatic cells) which can divide and become differentiated.

When an organism grows, stem cells specialize, and take specific functions. For instance, mature tissues like skin, muscle, blood, bone, liver, nerves, all have different types of cells. Because stem cells are not yet differentiated, they can change to become some kind of specialized cells. Organisms also use stem cells to replace damaged cells.

Stem cells are found in most, if not all, plants and animals. They divide and differentiate into a range of cell types.Research in the stem cell field grew out of findings in the 1960s.

The two broad types of mammalian stem cells are embryonic stem cells, and adult stem cells, which are found in adult tissues. In a developing embryo, stem cells can differentiate into "all" of the specialised embryonic tissues. In adult organisms, stem cells act as a repair system for the body, replenishing specialized cells, but also maintain the normal turnover of blood, skin, and intestinal tissues.

Stem cells can be grown in tissue culture. In culture, they can be transformed into specialised cells, such as those of muscles or nerves. Highly plastic adult stem cells can be taken from a variety of sources, including umbilical cord blood and bone marrow. They are now used in medical therapies, and researchers expect that stem cells will be used in many future therapies.

Embryonic stem cells (ES cells) are stem cells taken from the inner cell mass of the early stage embryo called a "blastocyst". Human embryos reach the blastocyst stage 4–5 days after fertilization. At that time, they are made up of between 50 and 150 cells.

The stem cells' state, and what the daughter cells turn into, is influenced by signals from other cells in the embryo.

Adult stem cells exist throughout body after embryonic development has completed. They are found inside different types of tissue and remain in a "non-dividing state" until disease or tissue injury. They have changed permanently into specialised cells and have lost the ability to divide and specialise further. An advantage of adult stem cells is that it provides a lesser probability of rejection. A disadvantage would be that there is a limited availability to get them.

Plant stem cells are unspecialised, and can develop into any type of plant cell. They become specialised into cells of roots, leaves or flowers. The stem cells are found in meristem, at root and stem apices. They make it possible for growth to continue.

These are plants which have been grown from cuttings (therefore the same plant). They are dipped in "hormone rooting powder" to develop bigger root systems. They turn into tissues (e.g. xylem and phloem) and organs (e.g. roots, leaves and flowers), therefore becoming a completely new plant.

Cloning plants is a cheap way of producing a new plant.

Some cancers "may" be treated by stem cells. Leukemia, a cancer of white blood cells (WBC) is an example.

There are two stages to this process:


Springbok

The springbok ("Antidorcas marsupialis") is a medium sized brown and white gazelle that stands about high. It is in the same family as antelope and goats. They are the national animal of South Africa and live in the Savannah Biome. 

Lythraceae

Lythraceae is a family of flowering plants. It includes 500-600 species of mostly herbs, with some shrubs and trees, in 32 genera.

Textual criticism

Textual criticism is the study of different copies of books or manuscripts. The purpose is to find the original, and see what changes were made to the later versions.

Textual criticism started with the study of the Bible, but now these techniques are used to study many texts.

The basic problem, as described by Paul Maas, is as follows:

The lack of autograph manuscripts applies to many cultures other than Greek and Roman. In such a situation, a key objective becomes the identification of the first "exemplar" before any split in the tradition. That exemplar is known as the "archetype". "If we succeed in establishing the text of [the archetype], the reconstruction of the original is considerably advanced".

The textual critic's ultimate objective is the production of a "critical edition". This contains a text most closely approximating the original, which is accompanied by a critical apparatus that presents:


Carlos Gallo

Carlos Roberto Gallo (born 4 March, 1956) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

201||0
0||0
201||0

!Total||37||0

Édson Boaro

Édson Boaro, best known as Édson and as Édson Abobrão (born July 3, 1959 at São José do Rio Pardo, São Paulo State) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

180||10
180||10

!Total||19||0






Edinho (footballer, born 1955)

Edino Nazareth Filho (born 5 June, 1955) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

130||15
138||22
268||37

!Total||45||3

Léo Júnior

Leovegildo Lins da Gama Júnior (born 29 June 1954) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

263||17
148||18
411||35

!Total||69||6

Walter Casagrande

Walter Casagrande (born 15 April, 1963) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

109||34
6||1
143||48
258||83

!Total||19||8

Zico

Zico may refer to:



Edivaldo (footballer, born 1962)

Edivaldo Martins Fonseca (13 April 1962 – 13 January 1993) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Paulo Vítor (footballer, born 1957)

Paulo Vitor (born 7 June, 1957) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

132||0
132||0

!Total||8||0

Josimar (footballer, born 1961)

Josimar (born 19 September, 1961) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

112||3
13||0
125||3

!Total||16||2

Júlio César (footballer, born 1963)

Júlio César da Silva (born 8 March, 1963) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

70||3
125||11
91||3
92||7
3||0
381||24

!Total||13||0

Elzo

Elzo Coelho (born 22 January, 1961), better known as Elzo is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

87||6
38||1
125||7

!Total||11||0

Telê Santana

Telê Santana (26 July 1931 – 21 April 2006) was a former Brazilian football player and manager.




Race to Witch Mountain

Race to Witch Mountain is a 2009 American science fiction adventure thriller movie directed by Andy Fickman. The movie stars Dwayne Johnson in the lead role, with AnnaSophia Robb, Alexander Ludwig, Ciarán Hinds, and Carla Gugino. It was the fifth and latest instalment in the "Witch Mountain" franchise. 

The movie follows Jack Bruno, a taxi driver from Las Vegas, swept up in the adventure of a lifetime when he meets Sara and Seth, a pair of young extraterrestrial siblings who have paranormal powers. In order to prevent an invasion of Earth by their government, Jack must help them reach their spaceship, which is buried within Witch Mountain. But the task will not be easy, for government agents and an alien assassin are on their trail.

"Race to Witch Mountain" was released on March 13, 2009, in the United States, through Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. While receiving mixed reviews from movie critics, the movie was a box office success, grossing $106.4 million worldwide against a production budget of $50 million.


OpenStreetMap

OpenStreetMap is a free editable map of the whole world. It is made by people from the entire world.
People make the maps using data from a GPS device and pictures from airplaces. Map vector information can be downloaded under the Open Database License, and the map pictures can be downloaded under the Creative Commons Share-Alike license.

OpenStreetMap allows you to view, edit and use geographical data in a collaborative way from anywhere on Earth.


San Francisco Symphony Orchestra

The San Francisco Symphony (SFS) is a world-famous orchestra based in San Francisco, California. Michael Tilson Thomas has been their main conductor (“musical director”) since 1995.

When the conductor Henry Hadley started the orchestra in 1911 they only had sixty musicians. They gave pop concerts as well as concerts of classical music. In 1915 Alfred Hertz became their conductor. He improved their playing and made several radio broadcasts in the late 1920s. Hertz retired in 1930 and was followed by Basil Cameron and Issay Dobrowen. During the Great Depression, the orchestra had hardly and money and they did not play during the 1934-35 season. Then the people of San Francisco managed to get funding for the orchestra so that they could carry on.

The famous French conductor Pierre Monteux was asked to come and get the orchestra back to a good standard. He was very successful and the orchestra were soon offered more recordings. In 1949, Monteux invited Arthur Fiedler to lead summer "pops" concerts in the Civic Auditorium. Fiedler worked with the orchestra until the mid 1970s.

When Monteux left the orchestra in 1952, several conductors led the orchestra, including Leopold Stokowski, Georg Solti, Erich Leinsdorf, Karl Münchinger, George Szell, Bruno Walter, Ferenc Fricsay, and William Steinberg.

Two years later the young Spanish conductor Enrique Jordá became their music director. At first things went well. He had a lot of energy, and sometimes his baton flew out of his hand as he conducted. Gradually the orchestra became less happy with Jordá who did not seem to be able to control the orchestra and did not rehearse them properly. Eventually, after George Szell, the conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra, criticized him, the orchestra got rid of him.

In 1963, the Austrian conductor Josef Krips became music director. He was very strict and rehearsed them in great detail. He started a tradition of playing a special concert every New Year's Eve, "A Night in Old Vienna." with music by Johann Strauss and other 19th century Viennese composers. The Japanese Seiji Ozawa was their next conductor. He gave very exciting concerts which were always sold out. They made many recordings together. He sometimes conducted operas and ballets which were partly acted, and he used university choirs for choral works.

Ozawa was followed by Edo de Waart, the young Dutch conductor. He did not show off like Ozawa had done, but he kept the standard of the orchestra very high. He conducted the orchestra's very first performances in the Davies Symphony Hall. The orchestra used the huge new organ in the Hall for works such as Saint-Saëns' Third Symphony. In de Waart's final season, 1984-85, there were four sold-out performances of Mahler's hugh Eighth Symphony with the Symphony Chorus, the Masterworks Chorale, the San Francisco Boys Chorus, and the San Francisco Girls Chorus.

The orchestra started to do world tours under their next conductor Herbert Blomstedt who improved the orchestra’s sound. He is still an honorary conductor (Conductor Laureate).

Michael Tilson Thomas became music director in 1995. He had conducted the London Symphony Orchestra and had guest conducted the SFSO in 1974. He made sure the orchestra played more American music as well as plenty of Russian music. The standard of orchestral playing continues to be excellent today.



Rammstein

Rammstein is a Neue Deutsche Härte band that started in Berlin in 1994. The band members are Till Lindemann, who is the singer; Richard Z. Kruspe, who plays the lead guitar and is a backing singer; Paul H. Landers, who plays the rhythm guitar and is also a backing singer; Oliver Riedel, who plays the bass guitar; Christoph Schneider, who plays the drums and electronic musical instruments; and Christian Lorenz, who plays the keyboard (also known as an electronic piano). The language that they sing in is almost always German, although they have made a couple of songs in the English language, Spanish language and the Russian language. As of 2005, they had sold over 10 million records around the world, and have made a total of 8 albums. Rammstein's music is published by Universal Music Group. Since the band was created, they have had no members join or leave.




MythBusters

MythBusters is an American scientific television show, which began on January 23, 2003. The hosts, Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman along with Kari Byron, Tory Belleci and Grant Imahara attempt to test whether certain myths are "true or false", referred to on the show as "confirmed or busted", respectively. The show has had a total of 267 episodes as of September 5, 2015. Two more episodes are to come in January 2016.

Mountain Dew

Mountain Dew is a citrus-flavored soft drink, made by the PepsiCo company. The drink has more "caffeine" (a stimulant) than other soft drinks like Pepsi and Coca-Cola.

"Mountain Dew" was first a slang word for moonshine or homemade whisky. The name for the soft drink was first trademarked by Ally and Barney Hartman in the 1940s. Early bottles were printed with the words: “Yahoo Mountain Dew…It’ll tickle your innards.” The bottles were green and had a cartoon drawing of a hillbilly moonshiner with a gun. This design lasted until the mid 1960s.

Mountain Dew has different flavors:



Sturt National Park

Sturt National Park is a national park in north west New South Wales (Australia), northwest of Sydney. The park is named after the explorer, Charles Sturt, who travelled through the area in 1845. The park was created in the 1970's from six large sheep and cattle stations (farms). These stations included Mount Wood, Olive Downs, Whitta Brinna, Mount King, Binerah Downs and Fort Grey.

The park is large, covering more than of arid area. The east of the Sturt National Park has flood plains, some trees and small rocky gorges and creek beds. Lake Pinnaroo, near Fort Grey, is a Ramsar listed wetland.

The central area of the park, near the old Olive Downs sheep station, has "jump-ups", flat topped mesas rising up to above the plains. In the far west of the National Park, the gibber (stone) plains are replaced by the red sand dunes of the Strezlecki Desert.

The Mount Wood Station used to cover and had 86,000 sheep. It employed 100 people. The homestead buildings have been renovated and an outdoor farm museum has been started. The historic homestead, built in 1884, has been turned into a place for up to 15 tourists to stay, and the old shearer's house can hold 38 people. There is also camping areas at Dead Horse Gully at Tibooburra, Olive Downs, Fort Grey and Mount Wood.

Cameron's Corner is a very remote but popular place for tourists to visit. It is where the borders of the states of New South Wales, South Australia and Queensland meet.

Sturt National Park was shown on a British TV documentary called ""Planet Earth"".

Red Kangaroos, Western Grey Kangaroos, Eastern Grey Kangaroos and Euros are common throughout the park.

Costume drama

A costume drama is a show in which complex costumes and sets are used to try to make the set look like a particular time in history. The most common type of costume drama is the historical costume drama, both on stage and in movies. 


Wilsthorpe Community School

Wilsthorpe Business and Enterprise College is a school for children in the town of Long Eaton in south east Derbyshire. The school is close to Nottinghamshire. The school delivers free education to local children when they are eleven until they leave school. Wilsthorpe was the first school in England to have a policeman on site in 2003. In their 2013 report, Ofsted said that the school 'requires improvement'.

Meaghan Jette Martin

Meaghan Jette Martin is an American actress and singer. She played the role of "Tess Tyler" in the Disney Channel movie "Camp Rock". She has also been on "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", "Close to Home", and "Just Jordan". She had two songs in Camp Rock, "Too Cool" and "2 Stars". She also sang "When You Wish Upon a Star" on the 2009 DVD/Blu-ray release of Disney's "Pinocchio". She is the new voice of "Naminé" in "". She has been given a role in the new ABC Family series "10 Things I Hate About You". Martin will also star in "Camp Rock 2", which is being made in 2009.

Beaker culture

The Bell-Beaker culture (or Beaker culture, Beaker people or Beaker folk) is the name of a cultural phenomenon which occurred in large parts of Western Europe, roughly between 2800 BC and 2200 BC (in Great Britain until about 1900 BC). Today, it is unclear whether this can be seen as a culture.

Paul Reinecke was the first to use the word "Glockenbecher" (bell-shaped cup) in German, around 1900. Other historians from Italy and Czechoslovakia had used similar terms before. 

Gordon Childe thought that the people were missionaries, who also had the knowledge how to make copper. They spread from the Iberian peninsula on the "edges" of Europe with the oceans. The typical items linked to the movement were prestige items reserved to the upper class, according to Steven Shennan. Christian Strahm talk about a "Glockenbecherphänomen" (bell-shaped cup phenomenon), to avoid the word "culture".
People of the movement were buried in a special way: Often stone chests were used. In the western part of the culture, burials in megalithic tombs and caves are common - the burial rites are often adapted to local customs. People where buried in an embryonic position:
This means that both looked east, when buried.

Today, little is known about the settlements used by the culture. The only places where settlements/remains of settlements that were done at approximately the same time were found is in Knowth in Ireland, and one in Switzerland. 

Another culture that might have influenced the Beaker culture is the Corded Ware culture, mainly found in Northern Europe.

Adelardo López de Ayala

Adelardo López de Ayala y Herrera (1828-1879), Spanish writer and politician. He was born at Guadalcanal, Seville on 1 May 1828. At a very early age he began writing for the theatre of his native town.

Red mercury

Red mercury is a term used for a number of substances that are supposed to exist (or that could possibly exist). So far, no such substance has been found. The chemical element mercury most often occurs in a mixture with Sulphur, as "HgS". That mixture is known as Cinnabar, and reddish in color. In pure form, mercury is silver in color.

The following assumptions about red mercury have been proved as false:

Continuation War

The Continuation War or Second Soviet-Finnish War was a war between Finland and the Soviet Union. Nazi Germany helped Finland as part of the Eastern Front. 

It was fought between June 25, 1941 and September 19, 1944 and continued the Winter War. The Finnish army quickly took back territory that was lost in the Winter War, and soon also conquered Karelia. They helped in the siege of Leningrad but in the summer of 1944 the Soviet Union took back most of the territory it had lost earlier.

The ceasefire started on September 4, 1944 at 7.00 a.m. for the Finns. The Soviets' ceasefire started on September 5. The first peace treaty was signed on September 19 1944 and the final one on February 10, 1947 in Paris.

Los Angeles Philharmonic

The Los Angeles Philharmonic (LA Phil, LAP, or LAPO) is an American orchestra based in Los Angeles, California, United States. They give concerts every year from October until June at the Walt Disney Concert Hall, and a summer season at the Hollywood Bowl from July to September. Their conductor is Gustavo Dudamel.

The orchestra are world famous, and well known for playing a lot of music written by modern composers.

The orchestra was started in 1919 by William Andrews Clark. He was a business man who had a lot of money and he paid the orchestra himself. They gave their first concert eleven days after their first rehearsal. Clark played the violin himself and sometimes played with the second violin section. Their conductor was Walter Henry Rothwell. After he died several other conductors led the orchestra, including Georg Schnéevoigt and Artur Rodziński.

The famous conductor Otto Klemperer led the orchestra in 1933. He was one of many German emigrants fleeing from Nazi Germany. He gave many new orchestral pieces their first performance, and introduced the audience to the music of Igor Stravinsky and Arnold Schoenberg. The orchestra played well for him, but Klemperer had health problems and suffered from manic depression.

William Andrews Clark died without leaving the orchestra an endowment. A new orchestra called the Southern California Symphony Association was started to try to keep the concerts going. Then a businessman called Harvey Mudd offered to pay Klemperer’s salary, and the orchestra started to earn more money playing in the Hollywood Bowl.
so they managed to keep going during the Great Depression.

After the 1939 Klemperer left because of serious health problems. Four years later he was followed by Alfred Wallenstein. Wallenstein had been the principal cellist of the New York Philharmonic and had then been the youngest member of the Los Angeles Philharmonic when it was founded in 1919. Arturo Toscanini had encouraged him to become a conductor. He had conducted the LA Phil several times. During his years as conductor of the LAPhil Wallenstein recorded several concertos with famous soloists such as Jascha Heifetz.

By the mid-1950s the rich business woman Dorothy Buffum Chandler was funding the orchestra. They were looking for a really good conductor to be their musical director. They had hoped to get Eduard van Beinum, but he suddenly died. Then Georg Solti agreed to come for three years. He was going to begin officially in 1962 but then he resigned because he had not been consulted when the orchestra had appointed Zubin Mehta as assistant conductor. So Zubin Mehta became musical director.

In 1969 Ernest Fleischmann became the manager of the orchestra. He had some new ideas, including starting the Los Angeles Philharmonic Chamber Music Society and the Los Angeles Philharmonic New Music Group. Both these groups had musicians from the large symphony orchestra in them. It gave the musicians a change to play different sorts of music. Other orchestras in the world gradually copied this idea.

When Zubin Mehta left to go to the New York Philharmonic in 1978, Carlo Maria Giulini took over as Music Director. Giulini left when his wife became ill and went back to Italy. André Previn was the next conductor. He was a good conductor, but he had some arguments with Fleischmann and so he resigned in 1989 and Esa-Pekka Salonen took over. He has conducted every season since then.

At the beginning of Salonen's time with the orchestra they gave regular performances at the Salzburg Festival and they played for a production of the opera "Saint-François d'Assise" by Olivier Messiaen. Salonen later took the orchestra on many other tours of the United States, Europe, and Asia, and conducted regularly at the Lucerne Festival in Switzerland, the BBC Proms in London, in Cologne for a festival of Salonen's own works, and, in 1996, in Paris for a Stravinsky festival conducted by Salonen and Pierre Boulez. 
Today the orchestra play in the Walt Disney Concert Hall.

Salonen left the LAPhilharmonia in 2009. Their conductor is now Gustavo Dudamel.


Walt Disney Concert Hall

The Walt Disney Concert Hall is a concert hall in Los Angeles, California. It is the home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic orchestra. It seats 2,265 people.

The building opened in 2003. It was designed by Frank Gehry. The acoustics of the hall are very good.

The hall has a very large pipe organ which was completed in 2004. It was built by the German organ builder, Caspar Glatter-Götz. It has 6,125 pipes.


Symphony Center

Symphony Center is a music complex in Chicago, Illinois. It is home of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the Chicago Sinfonietta. The Symphony Center includes Orchestra Hall, which dates from 1904; Buntrock Hall, a rehearsal and performance space; a public multi-story rotunda; Rhapsody restaurant; and administrative offices. Between 1995 and 1997 a lot of work to improve the buildings took place. The Orchestra Hall was called a National Historic Landmark in 1994. It was designed by Daniel Burnham.


Sailboat

A sailboat, sailing boat or yacht is a boat that has a mast and sails. It moves by using the wind in its sails but it may also have an engine.

There are a great many different sailboats. 

A sailing dinghy is a small boat up to about 7 metres (23 ft.) which usually has a centreboard. It does not have a cabin. Usually, a sailboat has two sails: a mainsail and a jib and sometimes a spinnaker.

A sailing yacht is a larger boat with a keel and it normally has a cabin. These types of boats can sail long distances, sometimes even around the world. Sometimes they have only one mast but they can have two or three.

A tall ship is an even larger sailing boat which were used before steam engines were invented. These were used for carrying cargo from port to port in days gone by. Now they are usually used as training ships for young people. A tall ship usually has more than one mast.

Galápagos Islands

The Galápagos Islands ("Archipiélago de Colón" in Spanish) are a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean which now belongs to Ecuador. The islands are famous for having many native animals, including giant tortoises, that are found nowhere else on Earth. These animals helped Charles Darwin towards his theory of evolution by natural selection after he visited the islands in 1835.

97% of the islands are a national park, all except the inhabited parts. The Galápagos National Park is a UNESCO World Heritage Site (1978), a marine reserve (1980), and a biosphere reserve (1986).

The Galápagos Islands are on the equator, 973 km (604 miles) west of Ecuador in South America. There are 19 islands with a total of 8,010 square km (3,093 sq. miles) of land. The islands were made from volcanoes, and volcanoes are still making the islands of Isabela and Fernandina today. The most recent volcanic eruption was the Wolf Volcano in early January 2022 on Isabela Island.

2001, about 18,000 people lived in the Galápagos Islands. Most people have come from mainland Ecuador to live in the islands within recent years (about 3500 people lived on the islands in 1972). Most people are from the Mestizo ethnic group, which are the descendants of Spanish and Native American peoples.

People live on only 5 of the 19 islands of the Galápagos: Baltra, Floreana, Isabela, San Cristobal and Santa Cruz. Puerto Ayora is the biggest town, where about 10,000 people live. Puerto Ayora is on Santa Cruz Island. The second biggest town is Puerto Baquerizo Moreno on San Cristobal with about 5,600 people. Puerto Villamil is the town of Isabela Island, where about 2,000 people live. There are approximately 30,000 people living in the Galapagos as of 2012.

Tourism has steadily grown over the last two decades; in 2012 it is estimated that 200,000 tourists will visit the Galápagos Islands.

The islands are one of the 24 provinces of Ecuador. The capital of the province is Puerto Baquerizo Moreno, a town with 5,600 people.

There are three cantons in the province. Each canton has a "seat", which is a town like a capital. All of the islands of the province are in one of the three cantons. 


Noteworthy species include:

Helix pomatia

Helix pomatia is the edible snail, also known as the 'Burgundy' or 'Roman' snail. It is a species of large, edible, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod in the family Helicidae. It is cooked and eaten as an "escargot".

Field Marshal

A Field Marshal is the highest rank in the British Army, and some other armies, such as the German Army. The equivalent rank in the U.S. Army is the Five-star General.

The rank of Field Marshal is never awarded except to a General who has commanded an army in war.

Panzer

A panzer, pronounced , is a German tank used in World War II. The term also means armoured military groups, as in "panzer divisions" or "panzer battles".

Nathaniel Hawthorne

Nathaniel Hawthorne (July 4, 1804 – May 19, 1864) was an American writer. He was born in Salem, Massachusetts. His first novel "Fanshawe" was published anonymously in 1828. Some short stories were published in 1837 as "Twice-Told Tales". He married Sophia Peabody in 1842. They had three children. The family moved about Massachusetts for a few years, but finally settled in Concord, Massachusetts. "The Scarlet Letter" was published in 1850. "The House of the Seven Gables" was published in 1851. A political appointment sent Hawthorne and his family to Europe. They returned to Massachusetts in 1860. Hawthorne died on May 19, 1864.

Hawthorne's works belong to the cultural movement called romanticism. His novels and short stories are cautionary tales. They suggest that guilt, sin, and evil are the most inherent natural qualities of humanity. Many of his works are inspired by Puritan New England. They combine historical romance loaded with symbolism and deep psychological themes. They border upon surrealism. His depictions of the past are a version of historical fiction used only as a vehicle to express common themes of ancestral sin, guilt and retribution.

Hawthorne, a famous short story author, whose childhood was not very good. But many people believe that he was lucky, because he had a wealthy uncle. Hawthorne had two sisters, he was the only son in his family. His father died because of yellow fever when he was four years old. Only his mom took care of him and his sisters. However, Hawthorne’s mother, Elizabeth, had a wealthy brother, so after Hawthorne’s father died, they lived with Elizabeth’s brother. Because of Hawthorne’s wealthy uncle, he attended a very good college, Bowdoin College. During his college time, Hawthorne met and befriended Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, and future-president Franklin Pierce. Hawthorne started to write novels during the time that he came back home after he finished college. He published his first work in 1828.

Hawthorne’s books are still very popular now, as many students are still reading his books today. Hawthorne’s books are very useful in education. As his books reflect many dark parts in American History, they are very good sources to help people learn about history. Also, his books were the very good examples of the Romantic Era of literature.

Hawthorne's mother died in 1848 and he became very sad. “The Scarlet Letter” was written down when he was in this condition. In 1851, Hawthorne’s last daughter, Rose was born. Hawthorne had three children, one son, and two daughters. In 1853, President Franklin Pierce gave Hawthorne a political appointment as U.S. Consul in Liverpool, but in 1857, Hawthorne lost this position. Before Hawthorne died, he published his last works, “Our Old Home “ and “The Marble Faun”. On May 19, 1864, Hawthorne died in Plymouth, Massachusetts.


Hemel Hempstead

Hemel Hempstead is a town in England. It is 25 miles north-west of London. The town is off the M1 motorway, 20 minutes drive from Luton Airport and 40 minutes from London itself.
The town began as an Anglo Saxon village where two river valleys met in the Chiltern Hills. The local area grew very good grain. By Tudor times, the village became a market where grain and straw were sold. The town also had many water mills to grind the grain. Local people also earned money by plaiting the straw to be made into hats.

From about 1800, the town changed as the Industrial revolution took place. It is on the shortest route between London and the Birmingham. As trade between these two cities increased, a canal and a railway were built that passed very close to the town. Some of its water mills were changed from grinding grain to places where paper was made by machine. Some of these grew into giant paper making factories.

After the Second World War, the government in London wanted to build many new homes for people who had had their homes destroyed by bombs in the war. It decided to build some new towns where houses could be built in an very good environment. Hemel Hempstead was chosen to be one of these towns. Many new districts were built during the 1950s and 1960s all around the old town of Hemel Hempstead. It grew into a middle size town of over 80,000 people.

Many new industries came to the town helped by money from the government and because it is where important motorways cross each other.

Hemel Hempstead became world famous for a brief time in 2005 when an oil depot in the town at Buncefield exploded. It caused a big toxic smoke cloud to cover all the surrounding areas. Millions of pounds in damage was done, but no one was killed.

Shock wave

A shock wave is when lots of energy comes from a very small spot and shakes the material around it. The energy makes the material around the spot move very quickly, and very hard. This is a special type of vibration, and it is very strong.

The shock wave can be so powerful that it can knock things over. For example, bombs create shock waves. A shock wave can be destructive because it vibrates the material around the point in an extremely hard and fast wave, which causes other things that the material touches to vibrate too, and even make them explode. Shock waves make bombs more dangerous and sometimes are the most dangerous part of an explosion. This is because the vibration from the shock wave can hurt the inside of a human's body (organs and bones) much worse than the explosion's fireball. However, the shock wave moves much faster than the rest of the bomb's energy and fades away quickly. It is called a shock "wave", and not simply a shock, because the force goes up and down, like an ocean wave.

A shock wave can move through any material. An earthquake is a shockwave traveling through the ground. Shock waves can also be felt in the water. A shock wave is affected by the materials it travels through, and different materials have different effects. A thick material, like water, might help the shock wave travel further, whereas a thin material, like air, would not. This is similar to the way that sound waves are affected by what they move through, but sound waves and shock waves are not the same.

A sound wave is similar to a shock wave in the way it looks, but the two are not the same. While a sound wave can be described as the ripples created when you drop a small rock in a bucket of water, a shock wave is faster and not as smooth. If you were to draw a picture of a perfect sound wave, it would be a smooth line, up and down by the same amount. If you were to draw a picture of a shock wave, it would be like many big bumps on a road - the line goes up very quickly, but it does not go down as much. Some of the words people use to talk about sound waves and shock waves are the same, like amplitude or frequency, but this does not mean that they are the same.

Intimacy (album)

Intimacy is the third studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It was recorded in two weeks in different places around London and Kent in the UK. Bloc Party liked the idea of releasing their album by download over the Internet, so on 21 August 2008, people could buy it online. 

A Compact Disc version was released a few days later on 24 August 2008. It got to number 8 on the UK Albums Chart and to number 18 on the Billboard 200 Chart in the USA.

Wichita Recordings

Wichita Recordings is a London-based independent record label. They are home to Bloc Party, Peter, Bjorn and John and other United Kingdom-based bands.

The label's first release was the Bright Eyes album, "Fevers and Mirrors", released in 2000.

Shoreditch

Shoreditch is area in East London, England. It is in the London Borough of Hackney and Tower Hamlets and is a part of the East End.

Believe (The Chemical Brothers song)

"Believe" is a song by English electronica duo The Chemical Brothers.

The song was on the album "Push the Button". The single released in early May 2005. It peaked at #18 in the UK Singles Chart.

The Chemical Brothers

The Chemical Brothers are a British electronica duo based in Manchester. They have released nine albums, five of which reached number one on the UK album charts. They are part of the big beat genre, along with the likes of The Prodigy, The Crystal Method and Fatboy Slim.

Drowned in Sound

Drowned in Sound is an independent music webzine based in the United Kingdom.

Music session

A music session (also called a jam session or simply session) is a gathering of musicians to make music together. It can be a social gathering, or a live performance where the music is played for an audience. A suitable venue might be a local hotel, public bar or private home.


Trash Aesthetics

Trash Aesthetics is a British independent record label. It was started in 2004 by Rob Fawkes and Claire Hewitson. The company is based in South London.

So Here We Are/Positive Tension

"So Here We Are" is a single by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It appeared on their debut album, "Silent Alarm".

Designer

A designer is a person who designs or plans how something will look, work, or be made. Designers use their creativity, knowledge and skills to solve problems and create things that are functional, attractive and useful. Some things they might design include automotives, typefaces, clothing, graphics, interiors, products, movies, commercials and websites.

To become a designer, individuals often need to take formal education in design-related fields such as graphic design, fashion design or type design.

Designers work in various industries, including advertising, fashion, architecture and technology. They may work independently as freelancers or as part of design teams within companies or design agencies.

There are many different types of designers, each specializing in a particular area of design. Some common types of designers include:






<br>

Push the Button

Push the Button is an album by British electronica duo The Chemical Brothers.

Silent Alarm Remixed

Silent Alarm Remixed is a collection of remixes of "Silent Alarm", the debut album by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It was released in August 2005.

Paul Epworth

Paul Epworth (born 25 July 1974) is an English music producer and songwriter. He produced Bloc Party's debut album, "Silent Alarm". He also produced the UK number one album "Made of Bricks" by Kate Nash. In 2013, he and Adele won the Academy and Golden Globe Awards for Best Original Song for the song "Skyfall" from the movie "Skyfall". He won 4 Grammy Awards in 2012. These included Record, Album and Song of the Year with Adele as well as "Producer of the Year".

War Child

War Child is a British charity aiding child victims of war. It was started in 1993 by British filmmakers Bill Leeson and David Wilson. In 2013 it got the Special Recognition BRIT Award.

The Streets

The Streets are an rap/garage band whose lead singer, multi-instrumentalist & record producer was Mike Skinner, a British rapper. Born in Birmingham, Skinner has often been criticised for using a "mockney" accent during interviews and in many songs.

They released their first album, "Original Pirate Material", in 2002, The album's singles were "Has It Come To This", "Let's Push Things Forward", "Don't Mug Yourself", "The Irony Of It All" and "Weak Become Heroes. His next album, called "A Grand Don't Come For Free" came out in 2004 and is their most successful album. All the songs on the album help tell a story about a man with a broken TV who lost £1000, with other things happening while trying to get the TV repaired. The album includes his most successful singles "Fit But You Know It" and "Dry Your Eyes" which became number 1 in the charts. The album afterwards was named "The Hardest Way To Make An Easy Living" which was released in 2006. The album is mostly about the good and bad things of being famous. The album after that, called "Everything Is Borrowed" came out in 2008. He is going to bring out one last album, called "Computers And Blues", but it's release date is unknown. And the reunion in 2017.

Jacknife Lee

Garret "Jacknife" Lee is a guitarist and music producer from Dublin, Ireland. He has worked with U2, R.E.M., Snow Patrol, Bloc Party and Taylor Swift.

The Prayer (Bloc Party song)

"The Prayer" is a single by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It appeared on "A Weekend in the City".

I Still Remember

"I Still Remember" is a single by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It appeared on "A Weekend in the City".

Hunting for Witches

"Hunting for Witches" is a single by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It appeared on "A Weekend in the City".

Flux (Bloc Party song)

"Flux" is a single by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It appeared on the album "A Weekend in the City".

BBC 6 Music

BBC Radio 6 Music is a UK radio station owned by the BBC.

Sandy Cheeks

Sandy Cheeks is a fictional squirrel from "SpongeBob SquarePants." She is voiced by Carolyn Lawrence.

Sandy Cheeks originated from the state of Texas and landed at the city of Bikini Bottom. Since she is from land, she wears a space suit outside her treedome that keeps her fully dry. Inside Sandy's treedome, her normal clothing is a green and purple bikini.

Sandy likes talking about how she grew up in Texas, and that she likes doing karate. She also likes bodybuilding. She is also a rodeo champion.

Amenia (CDP), New York

Amenia is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Arlington, New York

Arlington is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Brinckerhoff, New York

Brinckerhoff is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Maida Vale

Maida Vale is an area in the City of Westminster, London, United Kingdom.

T in the Park

T in the Park is an annual music festival in Kinross, Scotland, run by Tennents.

Argyll

Argyll is a county on the west coast of Scotland.

Argyll has many spits of land and many islands. The largest islands are the Isle of Mull and the Isle of Islay. The county town is Lochgilphead. Inveraray is the home of the Duke of Argyll.
Argyll's name comes from the Gaelic words for "Borderland of the Gael", because it was the first place in Great Britain settled by Gaelic-speaking settlers from Ireland.
For local government, most of Argyll is in the Argyll and Bute council area.

Topman

Topman is the male clothing section of the Topshop franchise. The men's clothing stores are located throughout the United Kingdom.

As of 2016, Topman has over 400 stores. They continue to expand throughout the USA, Europe, and Asia.

Talons (song)

"Talons" is a music single by British indie rock band Bloc Party.

BBC Electric Proms

The BBC Electric Proms were annual music festivals run by the BBC in a similar format to The Proms, but involving rock music.

Splendour in the Grass

Splendour In The Grass is an annual music festival. It is held in July at North Byron Parklands at Yelgun (30 km from Byron Bay), New South Wales, Australia. The festival started in 2001 as a one-day event. It became a two-day event in 2002. In 2012, over 20,000 people attended the festival. 

Austin City Limits Music Festival

The Austin City Limits Music Festival is an annual three-day music and art festival in Austin, Texas' Zilker Park. The Festival brings together more than 130 bands on eight stages, including rock, country, folk, indie, Americana, hip-hop, reggae, and bluegrass, and attracts a crowd of about 65,000 visitors each day. Named after the legendary PBS concert series, The festival is produced by C3 Presents, who also co-produce the Lollapalooza and Big State festivals.

Austin City Limits

Austin City Limits is an American television music program from the Public Broadcasting Service. It first aired in 1976. It has become American television's longest-running concert music program. From 1976 to 1987, "Austin City Limits" was produced by The Southwest Texas Public Broadcasting Council. Beginning in 1988, the show was produced by The Capital of Texas Public Telecommunications Council, KLRU-TV. From 1977 to 2004 (seasons 2-29), Gary P. Nunn's "London Homesick Blues" was the show's theme song. For Seasons 7-23 (1982-1998), the opening theme music was composed by John Mills.


Exmoor Singers

The Exmoor Singers of London Chamber Choir is a choir with a strong focus on music by living composers and in particular British composers.

In 2007, the choir collaborated with rock group Bloc Party to perform at the BBC Electric Proms, which was broadcast on both BBC2 television and BBC Radio 1. The choir subsequently recorded tracks for Intimacy (Bloc Party album) released in 2008. The choir also recorded with rock group Snow Patrol and feature on the album A Hundred Million Suns. Members of the choir subsequently performed with the band on BBC1 television on Later... with Jools Holland. Most recently members of the choir recorded with folk rock group Noah and the Whale.

Oxegen

Oxegen was an annual music festival held between 2004 and 2013. It was sponsored by Heineken and was Ireland's biggest festival. The event was promoted by MCD Productions. Oxegen was originally a two-day festival, but in 2008 was increased to four days. It took place at the Punchestown Racecourse in County Kildare, Ireland with an average attendance of around 80,000 people a day, with around 70,000 of these camping on site for the duration, and the rest travelling to the site each day. It took place on the same weekend as T in the Park in Scotland, and would sometimes share similar line-ups each year. Oxegen was also somtimes compared to England's Glastonbury Festival, with the Oxegen 2008 festival sharing three of the same headliners. The festival attracted attention from outside Ireland, with some visitors travelling from overseas.

Connect Music Festival

The Connect Music Festival is a music festival that takes place at Inveraray Castle, on the banks of Loch Fyne in Argyll, Scotland. It is aimed at older music fans and recent headliners have included the Beastie Boys, Björk and Franz Ferdinand.

Virgin Mobile Festival

The Virgin Festival (known from 2008 as the Virgin Mobile Festival in the United States) is a rock music festival held in the United States and Canada, a spin-off from the V Festival held in the UK. In North America the Virgin name, and later the Virgin Mobile brand, has been used in full to make the brand more effective there, compared with the UK and Australian festivals, where association is simply implied through the use of the V.

Syracuse University

Syracuse University is a private research university in Syracuse, New York. It was founded as a university in 1870, but started off as a seminary founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1832 which eventually became Genesee College. In 1870, Methodist ministers moved the college from Lima, New York to Syracuse, where it was chartered by the State of New York as a university. Since 1920, the university has identified itself as against sectarianism. Syracuse was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1966, but withdrew from the group in 2011 when it decided it could no longer meet the group's standards.

The school's sports teams, nicknamed "Orange", mostly play in the Atlantic Coast Conference, having moved from the original Big East Conference in 2013. The women's ice hockey team plays in College Hockey America.


Q Awards

The Q Awards are the United Kingdom's annual music awards run by the music magazine Q. Since they began in 1990, the Q Awards have become one of Britain's biggest and most advertised music awards, helped by the often bad behaviour of the celebrities who turn up. In the ceremony of 2004, Elton John accused Madonna of cheating fans by miming on stage, after she had been nominated for a Best Live Act award.

Great Pacific Garbage Patch

The Great Pacific Garbage Patch is a big patch of garbage and debris in the middle of the northern Pacific Ocean. It is caught in the water currents. It formed because currents near the center of the Northern Pacific Ocean move around in an ocean gyre, which catches and holds floating pieces of plastic.

The "Yellowwood Island" actually has two areas, described as an eastern patch and a western patch, which are separated because of ocean currents. Scientists estimate that the size of the "plastic island" is approximately equal to the land area of Texas, United States, but it could be as much as twice the size. Also, it is not really a floating island. It is more like a soup of plastic pieces floating in the ocean just below the surface. It is from California, between Hawaii and Japan.

Ships try to avoid this patch of garbage because it can get caught in their screws. 

Many birds, turtles, and other sea animals go to Pacific Islands to lay their eggs and raise their young. Unfortunately, they eat the smaller pieces of plastic, thinking that they are food swimming in the ocean. They also get caught in the garbage. The United Nations Environment Program estimates that the plastic soup causes the death of one million sea birds and 10,000 sea animals every year. Some micro-invertebrates have also been found to eat tiny pieces of plastic with similar results.

For a long time, people thought the garbage patch was mostly plastic that had been used by ordinary people, like plastic straws and forks. In 2018, scientists found out that most of the plastic in the patch was lost fishing nets and other fishing tools used on large fishing boats.

Since the plastics are organic compounds, they tend to absorb other organic compounds, such as pesticides. Scientists have discovered high levels of DDT and other organic compounds in this deadly plastic soup.

The pieces of plastic come from all over the world. Any country that has a shore or river, where such pieces blow or wash out to sea is a source. Scientists estimate that the United States and other industrial countries contribute less garbage to the plastic island due to modern garbage disposal; but such countries also produce and sell much of the plastic that becomes garbage for non-industrial countries. 

Changing winds and currents often cause parts of this plastic island to break away and send pieces of plastic toward the beaches and shorelines of Pacific Islands and the continents. It's considered a major problem for tourism, and because of the problems that it causes the island and ocean environments.

This is a world wide environmental problem.

In April 2008, Richard Sundance Owen, a building contractor and scuba dive instructor, started the Environmental Cleanup Coalition to solve the problem of the pollution in the North Pacific. They are working with other groups to find ways to safely remove plastic and organic compounds from the oceans. 

Project Kaisei is a project to study and clean up the garbage patch launched in March 2009. In August 2009 two ships from the project, the RV New Horizon and the Kaisei, went to research the patch and decide the possibility of a commercial scale collection and recycling operation.

Tiscali

Tiscali SpA () is a European telecommunications company, based in Cagliari, Italy, and provides internet and telecommunications services to Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany and the Czech Republic. The company acquired many European Internet service providers (ISPs) throughout the late 1990s, although in subsequent years many of those assets were sold on to other companies.

Vice Records

Vice Recordings is the record label run by independent free Vice magazine of Vice Media, Inc.

Vice Recordings has released albums and singles, mainly in the United States, by Action Bronson, The Black Lips, Bloc Party, The Streets, The Raveonettes, 120 Days, Justice, The Stills, Death from Above 1979, Fucked Up, Chromeo and Charlotte Gainsbourg.

V2 Records

V2 Records (or V2 Music) is a record label that is owned by Universal Music Group as of October 2007. The label was founded in 1996 by Richard Branson, five years after he sold Virgin Records to EMI.

In 2013, Universal Music sold V2 to Play It Again, Sam for $500,000.

Leon

Leon, Léon or León could mean:
 Mexico














Amazon Kindle

Amazon Kindle is a machine for reading electronic books (e-books). The Kindle is designed by Lab126, a part of the Amazon.com company. The first Kindles were sold in the United States on November 19, 2007. Six hardware devices, known as "Kindle", "Kindle 2", "Kindle 3", "Kindle 4", "Kindle Touch", and "Kindle Fire" support this platform. There are also software versions of Kindle than can be used on smartphones and computers.

The hardware Kindles (except for the Kindle Fire) use an electronic paper display and download books and websites over Amazon Whispernet using the Sprint Nextel EVDO network. A Wireless network can also be used. Kindles can be used without a computer, and Whispernet is accessible without any fee. These devices also provide free internet access to Wikipedia.

Upon the initial launch of the Kindle, Amazon's Kindle Store had more than 88,000 digital books available for download, with the number of books increasing. Amazon's first offering of Kindle sold out in five and a half hours and the device remained out of stock until late April 2008.

The Kindle retailed for $399; Amazon subsequently lowered the price to $359. Amazon does not sell the Kindle outside the United States as Whispernet only works in the U.S. Plans for a launch in the UK and other European countries are being delayed by problems with signing up suitable Wi-Fi operators. The CDMA technology in the Kindle does not allow for its use in the UK due to the lack of a CDMA network operator in the UK.

The internal memory of the Amazon Kindle can hold approximately 200 books without pictures, and the memory is expandable with a memory card.

A reviewer from CNET expressed concern with the presentation of the device despite its comfortable design. The picture to the left displays a distinctly beige colored device. In point of fact, both Kindle versions are a matte bright white with all button labels and text colored gray. The Kindle 1 is exactly the same color as the Kindle 2 pictured in the upper right-hand corner of this page.

On February 9, 2009, Amazon announced the Kindle 2, which became available for purchase on February 23, 2009 for the price of $359, and lowered on July 8, 2009 for $299. The new Kindle features improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text out loud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimetres). The Kindle 2 has 2 GB of internal memory. Amazon estimates that the Kindle 2 will hold about 1500 books. Unlike the original Kindle, Kindle 2 does not have a slot for memory cards. To promote the new Kindle, author Stephen King has made his new book named "UR" only available through Kindle.

According to an early review by website iFixIt, the new Kindle 2 features a 532 MHz 90 nm processor, 2GB main memory, and 1530 mAh lithium polymer battery.

The Kindle 3 comes in 2 models. A wi-fi and a 3G. The Wi-Fi can only download books over wireless internet. However the 3G Kindle can download books over Wi-Fi and 3g.


Basidiomycota

Basidiomycota is a group of higher fungi. It is one of two large phyla that make up the subkingdom Dikarya. The other is the Ascomycota. 

These are "higher fungi". They include jelly and shelf, or bracket fungi, mushrooms, puffballs, and stinkhorns; and the rusts and smuts.

This sub-phylum includes the "classic" mushrooms, polypores, corals, chanterelles, crusts, puffballs and stinkhorns. The three classes in the Agaricomycotina are the Agaricomycetes, the Dacrymycetes, and the Tremellomycetes.

The Pucciniomycotina include the rust fungi, the insect parasitic/symbiotic genus "Septobasidium", a former group of smut fungi (in the Microbotryomycetes, which includes mirror yeasts), and a mixture of odd, infrequently seen, or seldom recognized fungi, often parasitic on plants.

The Ustilaginomycotina are most (but not all) of the former smut fungi and the Exobasidiales. The classes of the Ustilaginomycotina are the Exobasidiomycetes, the Entorrhizomycetes, and the Ustilaginomycetes.

Waldir Peres

Waldir Peres de Arruda (January 2, 1951 – July 23, 2017), known as Waldir Peres, was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Peres died in Mogi das Cruzes, Brazil on July 23, 2017 from a heart attack at the age of 66.

245||0
245||0

!Total||27||0

Leandro (footballer, born 1959)

José Leandro Ferreira (born 17 March, 1959) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Flamengo and Brazil national team.

119||5
119||5

!Total||26||2

Luizinho (footballer, born 1958)

Luiz Carlos Ferreira (born 22 October, 1958) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

182||5
82||3
264||8

!Total||34||2

Paulo Isidoro

Paulo Isidoro (born 3 August, 1953) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

277||52
277||52

!Total||36||3

Serginho Chulapa

Serginho Chulapa (born 23 December, 1953) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

172||120
5||4
0||0
177||124

São Paulo

Santos

Individual

Éder Aleixo

Éder Aleixo de Assis (born 25 May 1957) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

194||51
0||0
0||0
194||51

!Total||52||8

Paulo Sérgio (footballer, born 1954)

Paulo Sérgio de Oliveira Lima (born 24 July, 1954) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

121||0
121||0

!Total||3||0

Edevaldo

Edevaldo de Freitas (born 28 January, 1958) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

126||3
126||3

!Total||18||1

Juninho Fonseca

Juninho Fonseca (born 29 August, 1958) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

130||3
130||3

!Total||4||0

Pedrinho (footballer, born 1957)

Pedro Luís Vicençote (born 22 October, 1957) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

112||8
88||10
200||18

!Total||13||1

Batista (footballer, born 1955)

João Batista da Silva (born 8 March, 1955), also known as Batista, is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

106||10
57||3
163||13

!Total||38||0

Internacional

Avaí


Renato (footballer, born 1957)

Carlos Renato Frederico (born 21 February 1957) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

166||55
58||35
224||90

!Total||22||3


Roberto Dinamite

Carlos Roberto de Oliveira (13 April 1954 – 8 January 2023), better known as Roberto Dinamite, was a Brazilian footballer and politician. He played for the Brazil national team.

!Total||38||20

Vasco da Gama

Individual

Dirceu

Dirceu (born 15 June, 1952 – 15 September, 1995) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Dirceu died in a car crash at the age of 43.

125||14
0||0
84||18
134||20
0||0
0||0
343||52

!Total||26||4

Toninho (footballer, born 1948)

Antônio Dias dos Santos (born 7 June, 1948) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

151||15
151||15

!Total||16||0

Amaral (footballer, born 1954)

João Justino Amaral dos Santos (born 25 December, 1954) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

137||0
137||0

!Total||40||0



Zé Sérgio

Zé Sérgio (born 8 March 1957) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

126||15
13||2
139||17

!Total||25||5

Reinaldo (footballer, born 1957)

José Reinaldo de Lima (born 11 January, 1957) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

179||89
179||89

!Total||29||11

Rivellino

Roberto Rivellino (also Rivelino, born 1 January 1946) is a Brazilian football pundit and retired footballer. He was one of the stars of Brazil's 1970 FIFA World Cup winning team. Rivellino currently works as a pundit for Brazilian TV Cultura. He is the son of Italian immigrants. As a footballer, Rivelino (his football name only had one L) was known for his hard shots, long-range free kicks, long balls and huge mustache. He also invented his own action: the Elástico, nowadays also called the flip-flap or aka and copied by Ronaldinho and Zlatan Ibrahimović, among others. Rivelino is often regarded to be one of the best midfielders the world has ever known. Many people consider him the fourth best Brazilian footballer of all time, after Pelé, Garrincha and Zico. According to many football pundits, he is considered as the best player in the history of Corinthians and Fluminense.
Rivelino was born on New Year's Day 1946 as the son of Italian immigrants from Macchiagodena in the metropolis of São Paulo, where he grew up in poor conditions. He played football from an early age: first in the backyards (“peladas”) of his neighborhood and later indoor football (futsal).

In 1962, the 16-year-old caught the eye of those in charge of the first division club Palmeiras, who invited him to a trial session. Rivelino's entire family were supporters of this club (the club has traditionally been supported by Italian immigrants ) but he was denied a contract. Furious, he tried it a little later at the city rival Corinthians, who recognized his talent and committed him. “Corinthians welcomed me with open arms and allowed me to achieve everything I have achieved in life. The club was my second home,” Rivelino later said.

In 1965, at the age of 19, Rivelino was promoted to the senior squad. He quickly became one of the top performers in the team and was considered one of the most hopeful players in the country. Rivelino was a classic playmaker who excelled with great ball handling, technique and long-range shots. The dark mustache and hard-hitting free-kicks became his trademarks. He quickly became a fan favorite, who nicknamed him O Reizinho do Parque (Little King of the Park).

But titles and successes were a long time coming. During Rivelino's time at Corinthians, the club endured 23 years in the league without a title win. One title could still be won: the Rio-Sao Paulo tournament in 1966, which went to the four semi-finalists Corinthians, Botafogo FR, FC Santos and CR Vasco da Gama due to serious scheduling problems.

In 1974, Corinthians lost the Sao Paulo championship final 0-1 to Palmeiras. From then on, Rivelino was presented by the supporters as a scapegoat for the repeated failure of the team. "That was the saddest moment of my life," he later explained and, when admiration turned to rejection, he decided to leave the club after nine years.

The elegant left-footed player joined Fluminense in Rio de Janeiro. With "Flu" it quickly became clear that a good catch had been made with him. He won the Rio State Championship with Fluminense in 1975 and 1976. Here he played under coach Mário Travaglini, who had turned him down at Palmeiras.

After the 1978 World Cup, the now 32-year-old turned his back on Brazil. He signed a well-paid contract with Al-Hilal in Saudi Arabia and ended his career there. In 1981 he ended his active career.

Rivelino made his debut for the Seleção in 1965, but it would be three years before he established himself as a regular in the team. Although Rivelino is now considered one of the most admired players in Brazil, he had to fight hard for a place in the national team as there were many candidates for the playmaker position. It was only when Mário Zagallo became national coach that Rivelino's playing times increased. Zagallo wanted to form a team that included all the ball magicians in the country. From then on, Rivelino was used in left midfield. 

He was left out for the World Cup in 1966, In 1970, Rivelino was part of Brazil 's World Cup squad. He was part of the outstanding offensive series around Pelé, Tostão, Jairzinho and Gérson, who understood each other almost blindly and constantly swapped positions. At the tournament in Mexico, Brazil's style of play became synonymous with efficient and beautiful football. The team played the best football and advanced to the final, in which Italy was defeated 4-1. Rivelino played a good tournament, scoring three times (against Czechoslovakia, Peru and in the semifinals against Uruguay). This world title is Rivelino's most important sporting success.

After Pelé's retirement from the national team in 1971, Rivelino took over his jersey number 10. Brazil held the 1972 Taça Independência , an international tournament in which Rivelino participated and which Brazil won. Brazil traveled to West Germany as defending champions for the 1974 World Cup ; great hopes were pinned on Rivelino. Despite being the best player in his team (three goals), the team underperformed and ended up fourth.

The 1978 World Cup in Argentina should have been Rivelino's big career finale. As captain, he led Brazil into the tournament. But after disputes with coach Cláudio Coutinho, he was replaced by Leão and was no longer used in the further preliminary round and the first intermediate round games. Only in the last intermediate round game against Poland and in the game for third place against Italy was he substituted on again. His international career ended in third place after 92 games with 26 goals.

In 1989 he was awarded Best Player and Top Scorer at the Pelé Cup for senior teams (over 34).







Nelinho

Nelinho (born 26 July, 1950) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

242||52
242||52

!Total||21||6

Abel Braga

Abel Carlos da Silva Braga (born 1 September 1952), known as Abel Braga, is a Brazilian professional football manager and former player.












Polozzi

José Fernando Polozzi (born 1 October, 1955) is a former Brazilian football player. He was included in the Brazil national team for the 1978 FIFA World Cup, but he never played in an international match.

Rodrigues Neto

José Rodrigues Neto (6 December 1949 – 29 April 2019) was a Brazilian footballer. He played for the Brazil national football team.

245||12
159||7

!Total||11||0

Gil (footballer, born 1950)

Gilberto Alves (born 24 December 1950) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

95||32
39||13
49||13
183||58

!Total||29||6

Jorge Mendonça (footballer, born 1954)

Jorge Mendonça (born 6 June 1954) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

175||84
175||84

!Total||6||0

Chicão (footballer, born 1949)

Francisco Jezuíno Avanzi (30 January 1949 – 8 October 2008) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

157||8
157||8

!Total||9||0

Cláudio Coutinho

Cláudio Coutinho (5 January, 1939 – 27 November, 1981) was a former Brazilian football manager.

Technical drawing

Technical drawing, also known as drafting or draughting, is the act and discipline of making detailed drawings. These drawings visually communicate how something works or how it is to be made.

Technical drawing is essential for communicating ideas in industry and engineering. 

To make drawings easier to understand, people use familiar symbols. They use standard units of measurement, notation systems, visual styles, and page layouts. These drawing conventions are internationally accepted standards. Technical drawings are a universal way of communicating complex mechanical concepts. Technical drawing are very different from the expressive drawing of the visual arts. Artistic drawings may have many meanings. Technical drawings are understood to have one intended meaning.

Technical drawings are used to make electronic parts as well as mechanical parts. They are used in commercial and residential construction. Roads, bridges, and wastewater systems are just some of the things that need technical drawings. Almost anything that is manufactured requires technical drawings. 

A drafter, draftsperson, or draughtsman is a person trained to make technical drawings. A professional drafter who makes technical drawings is sometimes called a drafting technician. Professional draftspersons bridge the gap between engineers and manufacturers. They contribute experience and technical expertise to the design process.



Florence Nibart-Devouard

Florence Jacqueline Sylvie Devouard, was born 10 September 1968 and was the leader of the Board of Trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation from October 2006 to July 2008, taking over from Jimmy Wales. She joined the board of the Wikimedia Foundation in June 2004 and helped start Wikimedia France in October 2004.

Nibart-Devouard was born in France, grew up in Grenoble and studied in Nancy, and later lived in Antwerp in Belgium and in Arizona in the United States. As of 2008, she lives in the village of Malintrat in France. On 9 March 2008, she was elected member of the municipal council of Malintrat. On 16 May 2008, she was made a knight of the French national Order of Merit.

La Altagracia Province

La Altagracia is the easternmost province of the Dominican Republic. It was created on 1961 and its capital city is Higüey.

To the north and east of the province is the coast of the Atlantic Ocean and to the south is the Caribbean Sea, with the Mona Passage (a strait that connects the Atlantic Ocean with the Caribbean Sea) to the southeast. The province is bordered to the west by La Romana and El Seibo provinces.

The region of the province was part of the El Seibo until 1944 when it was made part of the new province of La Romana. In 27 February 1961, the La Romana province was split in two provinces: La Romana and La Altagracia.

The province was created with the municipalities of Higüey and San Rafael del Yuma with the city of Salvaleón de Higüey as capital of the province. Las Lagunas de Nisibón was made a municipal district in 1982, La Otra Banda in 1987, Boca del Yuma in 2001, Bayahibe in 2002, and Verón Punta-Cana in 2006.

The province was named La Altagracia ("High Grace") because the "Basílica de Nuestra Señora de la Altagracia" ("Our Lady of High Grace Basilica") is in the city of Higüey, capital city of the province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the La Altagracia province, and 222,802 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 9th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 322,653 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Higüey, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 168,501 inhabitants.

The La Altagracia province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the second (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of Salvaleón de Higüey, provincial capital, is .

The main protected area in the province is the "Parque Nacional del Este" ("Eastern National park").

There are some low mountains in the northern part of the province. Those mountains are part of the "Cordillera Oriental" ("Eastern mountain range"). Savannas are found everywhere in the province.

There are not many rivers in this province. The main river is the Yuma that flows from north to south, into the Caribbean Sea.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 2 municipalities and 5 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The most important economic activities in the province are farming (cattle and sugar cane) and tourism. The eastern coast of the province, in the region of Punta Cana and Bávaro, is the most important touristic centre of the country with many hotels along beaches with white sand. Bayahibe, in the southern coast, is also an important touristic centre.


Just Say No

"Just Say No" was an advertising campaign during the 1980s and early 1990s. It was part of the U.S. "War on Drugs." The campaign wanted to discourage children from using illegal drug(s) and offered various ways of saying "no". "Just Say No" was also used by other organizations, such as DARE, to discourage violence and premarital sex. The slogan was created by First Lady of the United States, Nancy Reagan.

The campaign started in the 1970s as part of the National Institutes of Health's program to stop drug abuse. It was started by Professor Richard I. Evans from the University of Houston. Professor Evans thought that if you taught students how to resist peer pressure, then you would have less bad behavior.

While her husband ran to be President, Nancy Reagan joined this movement. In 1980, she visited Daytop Village in New York City. After her trip, she wanted teach youth about drugs and drug abuse. After her husband became the United States, she went back to Daytop Village. She told them that she would tell others how dangerous drug abuse is.Understanding what drugs can do to your children, understanding peer pressure and understanding why they turn to drugs is...the first step in solving the problem.

Robert Cox and David Cantor made the slogan "Just Say No." They were advertising executives at Needham, Harper & Steers/USA in the early 1980s. Nancy Reagan first used the phrase in 1984 when she visited Longfellow Elementary School in Oakland, California. A schoolgirl asked what she should do if her friends or classmates offered her drugs. Soon "Just Say No" clubs became common within schools and anti-drug programs in schools. In these clubs, children promised not to use drugs.

La Romana Province

La Romana is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the southeastern part of the country. Its capital city has the same name, La Romana.

It was created in 1959. It was a municipality of the El Seibo province before being elevated to the category of province.

La Romana province is in the southeast part of the country. It is bordered to the northwest by the El Seibo province, to the northeast and east by the La Altagracia province and to the west by the San Pedro de Macorís province. The Caribbean Sea is to the south.

The province was created in 1944 with the name of La Romana, with two municipalities: La Romana (the capital city) and Higüey; before that date, it was part of the El Seibo province. But that same year, the name of the province was changed to La Altagracia. Its original name was given back to the province in 1961 when the new La Altagracia province was created.

Guaymate was made a municipality of the province in 1971 and Villa Hermosa in 2004. Cumayasa was made a municipal district in 2004 and Caleta in 2006.

In (last national census), there were people living in the La Romana province, and 231,312 () living in towns and cities; it is one of the few provinces of the country where most of the people lives in cities. The population density was persons/km², one of the highest in the country.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 10th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 262,551 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is La Romana, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 130,426 inhabitants.

Blacks are the main ethnicity of this providence, at 90% of the population. The rest of the 10% is mostly composed of mulattoes.

The La Romana province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic, one of the smallest province of the country, and it is ranked as the 30th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of La Romana, provincial capital, is .

There are only a few low hills in the province and almost all the land is flat. The most important rivers are:

The small islands of "Saona" and "Catalina" are part of the province.

The main protected area in the province is the "Parque Nacional del Este" ("Eastern National park").

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 3 municipalities and 2 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

There are several important industries in the province; the oldest and one of the most important is the production of sugar. There is also a very important "zona franca" ("free zone" where the industries do not pay taxes and all the production is sent to other countries).

Tourism is very important in the province, around the capital city and with many people going to the beaches in the Saona and Catalina islands.


Bischofshofen

Bischofshofen is a municipality in Salzburgerland, Austria.

It is famous because of the ski jumping competitions in the city.

Freedom Party of Austria

The Freedom Party of Austria (German: "Freiheitliche Partei Österreichs", shortened to FPÖ) is an Austrian political party led by Norbert Hofer

Their ideology is national conservative. They are the third biggest party in the Austrian Parliament. The party leader is currently Norbert Hofer.


The Greens – The Green Alternative

The Greens – The Green Alternative (, shortened to GRÜNE) is an Austrian political party. Its leader is Werner Kogler and it is founded 1993.

The party is a member of the European Green Party and its ideology is Center-Left. The main ideology is green politics that aims to create an ecologically sustainable society.

Cubicle

A cubicle is a small room. It can be a small work space often seen in offices. It can also be a place used for changing clothes in, often found at swimming pools and gymnasiums.
Robert Propst designed the first cubicle in 1964. He wanted to "empower" people, and make them work better. Propst worked for a home furnishings company called Herman Miller at the time. In 1968, when the company started selling the cubicle, it did not sell well. Herman Miller later designed a new type of cubicle that was cheaper. The cubicle is now very popular in offices around the world.

Navel lint

Navel lint, also called belly button lint, belly button fluff or navel fluff, is a collection of fluffy fibres in one's navel.

Many people find that, at the beginning and end of the day, a small lump of fluff has appeared in the navel cavity. People have wondered why this happens for many years. In 2001, Dr. Karl Kruszelnicki of the University of Sydney, Australia, did a survey to find out why this happens. This is what he found out:


Dr. Kruszelnicki was awarded the for Interdisciplinary Research in 2002. The Ig Nobel Prize is given for "achievements that cannot or should not be repeated".

Austrian scientist Georg Steinhauser has also done research on the navel lint.


Viking Age

The Viking Age was a period of time in Northern European and Scandinavian history from the eighth to eleventh centuries. Scandinavian Vikings, also called Norsemen, explored the oceans and rivers of Europe through trade and warfare. The Vikings also reached Iceland, Greenland, Newfoundland, and Anatolia. Some Vikings are believed to have settled at L'Anse aux Meadows, an archaeological site on the northernmost tip of the island of Newfoundland, Canada, at a place they called Vinland.

In England the Viking Age began dramatically on June 8, 793, when Norsemen destroyed the abbey on Lindisfarne. Monks were killed in the abbey, thrown into the sea to drown, or carried away as slaves along with the church's wealth. The Viking devastation of Northumbria's Holy Island shocked and alerted the royal courts of Europe. "Never before has such an atrocity been seen," declared the Northumbrian scholar Alcuin of York. More than any other single event, the attack on Lindisfarne cast a shadow on the perception of the Vikings for the next 1100 years. In the 1890s scholars outside Scandinavia began to rethink the achievements, artistry, technological skills and seamanship of the Vikings.

Until Victoria's reign in Britain, Vikings were portrayed as violent and bloodthirsty. The stories from medieval England had always portrayed them as 'wolves among sheep'. During the nineteenth century, public opinions changed. The first challenges to the many anti-Viking images in Britain emerged in the 17th century. Some scholarly works on the Viking Age became available to readers in Britain. Archaeologists began to dig up Britain's Viking past. Linguists started to work on identifying Viking-Age origins for rural idioms and proverbs. The new dictionaries of the Old Norse language enabled the Victorians to study some of the Icelandic Sagas.

During the second half of the 18th century the Icelandic Sagas were still used as important historical sources, but the Viking Age was regarded as a barbaric and uncivilized period in the history of the Nordic countries. Until recently, what was known about the history of the Viking Age was based on the Icelandic Sagas, the history of the Danes written by Saxo Grammaticus, the Russian "Primary Chronicle" and "the War of the Irish with the Foreigners". Few scholars still accept these texts as reliable sources; historians nowadays rely more on archaeology and numismatics, which have helped people understand the period.

The Norsemen were explorers, colonizers and traders as well as plunderers. The Vikings from Norway explored the North Atlantic and settled Iceland, the Faroe Islands, Shetland and Orkney Islands, Caithness in Scotland, Greenland and (briefly) North America. The Vikings from Denmark raided ports and coastal towns along the coasts of Europe and Britain. The Vikings from Sweden pushed east, into areas that are now parts of Russia and Ukraine, establishing trade connections with the Middle East and beyond.

By the 9th century, a strong central authority was established in Jutland, and the Danes were looking beyond their own territory for land, trade and plunder. Norway had been settled over many centuries by Germanic peoples from Denmark and Sweden who made farming and fishing communities around its coasts and lakes. The mountains and fjords formed strong natural boundaries. The communities remained independent of each other, unlike the situation in Denmark which is lowland. By the year 800, there were 30 small kingdoms in Norway. The sea was the easiest way of communicating between these Norwegian kingdoms and the outside world. In the eighth century Scandinavians began to build war ships and send them on raids. The Viking longships were capable of travel on the open seas but also had a very shallow "draft", meaning they could sail into shallower bays and farther up rivers than other ships of their time. This led to the term "Viking", which came from the Old Norse word "vīk" (meaning inlet or bay). A person who went on raids was said to go "viking".

It is unknown what triggered the Vikings' expansion and conquests. This era was at the same time as the Medieval Warm Period (800 – 1300) and stopped with the start of the Little Ice Age (about 1250 – 1850). The lack of pack-ice during their time may have allowed the Norsemen to go "a-viking" or "raiding". It is believed that the heathen Norsemen suffered from unequal trade practices by Christian merchants who were given preference through a Christian network of traders. A two-tiered system of pricing existed among merchants who secretly traded with the Norse heathens. Viking raids occurred both separately and together with regular trading expeditions.

Historians also suggest that the Scandinavian population was too large for the peninsula and there were not enough crops to feed everyone. This led to a hunt for more land to feed the ever-growing Viking population. Internal conflicts, especially during the period of conquest and settlement that followed the early raids, caused the progressive centralisation of power into fewer hands. This meant that lower classes who did not want to be oppressed by greedy kings went in search of their own lands. Those who settled Iceland created Europe's first modern republic with a yearly assembly of elected officials called the "Althing".

The earliest date given for a Viking raid is 787 AD when, according to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", a group of men from Norway sailed to Portland, in Dorset. There, a royal official mistook them for merchants. They killed him when he tried to lead them to the king's manor to pay a trading tax on their goods. The beginning of the Viking Age in the British Isles is, however, often given as 793. It was recorded in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" that the Northmen raided the important island monastery of Lindisfarne:
""AD. 793. This year came dreadful fore-warnings over the land of the Northumbrians, terrifying the people most woefully: these were immense sheets of light rushing through the air, and whirlwinds, and fiery dragons flying across the firmament. These tremendous tokens were soon followed by a great famine: and not long after, on the sixth day before the ides of January in the same year, the harrowing inroads of heathen men made lamentable havoc in the church of God in Holy-island "(Lindisfarne)", by rapine and slaughter."" -"Anglo Saxon Chronicle"

In 794, according to the "Annals of Ulster", there was a serious attack on Lindisfarne's mother-house of Iona, which was followed in 795 by raids on the northern coast of Ireland. From bases there, the Norsemen attacked Iona again in 802, causing great slaughter amongst the "Céli Dé" Brethren, and burning the abbey to the ground.

The end of the Viking Age is traditionally marked in England by three major events: the failed invasion by Haraldr Harðráði, who was defeated by Saxon King Harold Godwinson in 1066 at the Battle of Stamford Bridge; in Ireland, the capture of Dublin by Strongbow and his Hiberno-Norman forces in 1171; and in Scotland by the defeat of King Hákon Hákonarson at the Battle of Largs in 1263. Harold Godwinson was subsequently defeated within a month by William, Duke of Normandy, who was another descendant of Vikings. Normandy had been acquired by "Normans" (Norsemen) in 911. Scotland took its present form when it regained territory from the Norse between the thirteenth and the fifteenth centuries.

Most Scandinavian historians and archaeologists give a different definition. Instead, the Viking age is said to have ended with the establishment of royal authority in the Scandinavian countries and the adoption of Christianity as the dominant religion. The date is usually put somewhere in the early 11th century in all three Scandinavian countries. The end of the Viking Age in Norway is marked by the Battle of Stiklestad in 1030. They proclaimed Norway as a Christian nation, and Norwegians could no longer be called Vikings.

The Kingdom of the Franks under Charlemagne was especially hard-hit by Viking raiders, who could sail down the Seine without much difficulty. Near the end of Charlemagne's reign and throughout the reigns of his sons and grandsons, a string of Viking raids began, leading to a Scandinavian conquest and settlement of the region now known as Normandy.

In 911, French King Charles the Simple made an agreement with the Viking warleader Rollo, a chieftain of either Norwegian or Danish origin. Charles gave Rollo the title of duke and granted him possession of Normandy. In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and swore to defend the northern region of France against raids by other Viking groups. Several generations later, the Norman descendants of these Viking settlers identified themselves as French and brought the French language and their variant of French culture to England in 1066. With the Norman Conquest, they became the ruling aristocracy of Anglo-Saxon England, leading to the change from Old English to Middle English language.

At the start of the Viking age, the Vikings believed in the Norse religion. They believed in a of gods and goddesses, as well as "Valhalla", a heaven for warriors. The lower class of society would go to a place called "hel", similar to life on earth. According to Viking beliefs, Viking chieftains would please their war-gods by their bravery, and would become "worth-ship"; that is, the chieftain would earn a "burial at sea". They also performed land burials which often still included a ship, treasure, weapons, tools, clothing and even slaves and women buried alive with the dead chieftain, for his journey to Valhalla and adventure in the after-life. Poets composed sagas about the exploits of these chieftains, keeping their memories alive.

Freyr and his sister Freya were gods of "fertility", which means being able to grow. They made sure that people had many children and that the land produced plenty of crops. Some farmers even called their fields after Freyr, in the hope that this would ensure a good harvest. Toward the end of the Viking Age, more and more Scandinavians were converted to Christianity, often by force. The introduction of Christianity did not immediately end Viking voyages, but it may have been a factor that helped the Viking Age to an end.

Some of the most important trading ports during the period include both existing and ancient cities such as Jelling (Denmark), Ribe (Denmark), Roskilde (Denmark), Hedeby (Denmark, now Germany), Aarhus (Denmark), Vineta (Pomerania), Truso (Poland), Kaupang (Norway), Birka (Sweden), Bordeaux (France), Jorvik (England), Dublin (Ireland) and Aldeigjuborg (Russia).

In the late 19th century (1800s), Richard Wagner and other artists in the Romantic period made operas and other artwork about ancient Germanic culture. They liked the Vikings because they were not Greeks or Romans. They came up with the idea of Vikings wearing fur clothes and helmets with wings or horns on them and drinking out of hollowed-out animal horns. Some ancient Germans wore helmets with horns on them, but real Vikings did not. Wagner and his partners deliberately dressed the actors in the opera "Ring des Nibelungen" so they would look like ancient Germans and so the audience would feel like modern Germans came from medieval Vikings.




Collusion

A collusion is a secret agreement between two or more people or groups, usually to create unlawful advantages over others. Collusions often organize secret agreements to gain an advantage by modifying the market unfairly. In businesses, this is often done by intentionally by secretly changing the supply and demand of goods and services.

Sometimes major companies will use collusions to make significant advantages over other companies by the use of cartels (the creation of unfair trade deals).

Clairet

Clairet is a type of French red wine. It is also known as Bordeaux after its region of "appellation d'origine contrôlée". This is the French system which certifies where food and drink comes from.

The wine from Bordeaux was a dark rosé spiced drink in the Middle Ages. That's why it was called "claret", from the French "clairet". It changed to the present dry dark red in the 18th century.

The wine industry in Bordeaux has economic problems. It faces fierce competition from New World wines. Also, the French drink less wine nowadays.

In 2004, exports to the U.S. dropped 59% in value over the previous year. Sales in Britain dropped 33% in value during the same period. The UK, a major market, now imports more wine from Australia than from France. Chilean red wine is also extremely popular now.

Probably there is no single reason for these changes. Bordeaux wines are almost always blends from two or more types of vine. Many New World wines are single vine strains such as Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Pinot noir, Syrah (Shiraz), and the white wine grapes Chardonnay and Sauvignon blanc. Bottles labelled by type of grape (and so by taste) has caught on with the public. Also, the cheaper French wines are much more expensive when exported. All wines and spirits into countries like the UK are heavily taxed. A cheap French (or Spanish or Italian) wine which might sell in at home fore under £1, will sell for £4 or more in the UK. Customers have evidently decided that wine from elsewhere is a better deal.

The situation is quite different for sophisticated Bordeaux wines. The Waitrose wine list for 2015/16 lists 11 red Bordeaux wines which sell for over £100 a bottle, and the top prices are:

Infinite monkey theorem

The infinite monkey theorem says that a monkey randomly hitting keys on a typewriter will eventually type out one of William Shakespeare's works. When people talk about the infinite monkey theorem, the "monkey" is not always a real monkey. Instead, it is an example of a device that produces random letters. However, the chances of a monkey actually typing a text, like Shakespeare's "Hamlet", are very small.

The "Monkey" does not need to type Shakespeare's work. It states that a monkey can type anything in an infinite amount of time.

For example, let it be that Shakespeare wrote "Wikipedia is the best website in the world". If the monkey does not have extra characters like numbers (example: 4, 2) and symbols (example: #, ~) then the monkey will only have 53 things on his keyboard to press. Those are: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z, A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z, and the spacebar.

Since there are only 53 buttons the monkey is allowed to press, eventually, he will hit the "W" button. This is because the monkey has infinite time to press the buttons and has a 1 in 53 chance of pressing the W button. Then, he will probably hit another button and not type the sentence "Wikipedia is the best website in the world".

But, the monkey has infinite time. That means, in total, he will press the "W" button infinite times. After every time the monkey presses the "W" button, he has a 1 in 53 chance of pressing the "i" button. But, since the "W" button will be pressed infinite times, the word "Wi" will appear infinite times too. This is because the chance of "i" following "W" is equal to the chance of "W" which is 1/53 multiplied by the chance of "i" following it which is 1/53. That is 1/2809. That is really small, but since "W" and "i" appear an infinite amount of times in the monkey's words it becomes certain. Meaning there is a 100% chance that "eventually", the word "Wi" will appear. However, since "W" and "i" both will be pressed by the monkey an infinite amount of time, "Wi" will actually appear an infinite amount of times too.

This goes on and on. Eventually, after even longer time, there will be the word "Wik" because "Wi" appears infinite times and "k" has a 1 in 53 chance of following it. Now, since "Wik" appears infinite times, we know that "Wiki" will eventually appear too. Not only that, we know "Wiki" will appear an infinite amount of times.

Following this logic, we will see "Wikip" and "Wikipe" and "Wikiped" and "Wikipedi" all the way until we will see "Wikipedia is the best website in the world". Not only that, but we will see it infinite times.

Since the sentence "Wikipedia is the best website in the world" was just any sentence, by using the proof above, one can know "anything" appears an infinite amount of times. Therefore, we know that all of Shakespeare's things will appear. Even the things he threw away, even the thoughts he had at night, and even Hamlet.

The above proof was an example of a Proof by induction.



Ascomycota

Ascomycota is a phylum of fungi (kingdom Fungi) which can live in practically every environment, from freshwater habitats to deserts and forests. It is currently has over 64000 species which makes it the largest phylum of fungi.

Members are commonly known as the sac fungi, due to the phylum having an ascus which is a sac like structure. Within this structure there are eight ascospores which are the sexual organ for ascomycetes. The ascospores get released by the ascus under humid conditions into the air where they can land on objects and spread the fungi. The ascus defines the group and distinguishes it from other fungi.

It was used in genetics because it contains the results of crossing-over between chromosomes.

There are currently three accepted classes in Ascomycota which are Saccharomycotina, Taphrinomycotina, and Pezizomycotina. Saccharomycotina mostly contains species which are single-celled (unicellular) like baker’s yeast (the yeasts that are commonly used in baking and result in the product rising) and Candida (the yeasts which cause the most fungal infections in the world). The species in Saccharomycotina reproduce by budding which is when an organism reproduces by forming a ‘bud’, this bud develops into a full organism. Taphrinomycotina are plant parasites that can has both a unicellular state and a filamentous (long, thread like structure) state when infecting plants. In their structure they do have an ascus but not ascomata. The largest subphylum in Ascomycetes is Pezizomycotina which contains all the species with fruiting bodies (except for Neolecta). Some examples members of the subphylum are cup fungi and truffles. These fungi reproduce by binary fission which is when the bacterium divides into two (or more) and each part regenerates to become a new cell which resembles the original cell.

Ascomycetes are extremely useful to humans as the have multiple uses in different fields such as fermentation with bread, alcohol and cheese and producing compounds which can be used in antibiotics and other medicine. An example is the genus Pennicillium. Some species of the genus can produce penicillin which can stop the growth or kill certain bacteria when it is used in antibiotics. But also, there are other species of Penicillium are import in producing certain types of cheese. However, this phylum can also be very harmful to not only humans but also plants and other animals. Members are known to cause skin infections in humans, Dutch elm disease in trees and rice blast in oryza.

Random variable

A random variable is used in mathematics to study probability theory. It was developed to model the chance of events happening in all kinds of real-life scenarios.

Take two measurable spaces, and name them formula_1 and formula_2. A measurable space is any pair of sets, called formula_3 and formula_4, that follow these rules:
A random variable, named formula_11, is a measurable function from formula_12 to formula_13. This is written formula_14. A random variable is typically represented by capital roman letters such as formula_15, formula_16, formula_17 and formula_18, and can be either discrete (taking on a countable set of values) or continuous (taking on an interval of values).

The set formula_12 is called the sample space. The set formula_20 is called the event space.

Take a probability measure formula_21 on formula_1. Take a set formula_23 in formula_24. Then formula_25 is defined to mean formula_26.

When you roll a dice, 6 events can happen. These events are the different numbers that can show on the dice: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6. 

Here is an example of a random variable. You roll a fair dice once. If the number on the dice is odd, you eat an apple, and if the number is even, you eat an orange. The random variable is the type of fruit that you will eat. Before you roll the dice, you don't know if you will eat an apple or an orange. We can also write this with mathematics:

Take formula_27. Take formula_20 to be the power set of formula_12. Take formula_30. Take formula_24 to be the power set of formula_13. Our random variable follows the even/odd rule from above:
Here formula_34 represents the number on the dice after you roll it. We said the dice is fair. In mathematics, this means formula_35 for formula_36 and formula_37.

The event that you eat an apple is a set in the event space. It is formula_38. The probability that you eat an apple is the probability measure of this set. It is formula_39.

Here is another example. Sometimes a dice is unbalanced. This means that it rolls some numbers more often than others. We can do the same experiment as above, but with an unbalanced dice.

For example, let's say that we use a dice that has been changed in one way: it never rolls the number 5. Then you are less likely to eat an apple, because 5 is an odd number. The random variable is "exactly" the same as before:
This is because end possibilities have not changed. After the dice is rolled, you will eat an apple or an orange. You don't know which. What has changed is the "probability" that you eat an apple or an orange. In mathematics, this means
The event that you eat an apple is "the same set" as for the fair dice. It is formula_38. But this event is now less likely to happen, because the dice cannot roll a 5. In other words, the probability that you eat an apple is "different" than for the fair dice. It is formula_43.

The examples show that a random variable doesn't automatically give probabilities. If we choose formula_44 differently, one random variable can give different probabilities. This can be confusing. For this reason, mathematicians often define a random variable on a probability space. The mathematical notation for this is formula_45. This fixes the probability measure. Then there is no confusion about the probabilities of events.



María Trinidad Sánchez Province

María Trinidad Sánchez is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the northeastern part of the country, along the Atlantic coast. Its capital city is Nagua.

It was created on 1958. It was a municipality of the Samaná province before being elevated to the category of province.

"María Trinidad Sánchez" was an aunt of Francisco del Rosario Sánchez, one of the founders of the country. She helped the Dominican soldiers during the first days of the independence from Haiti. She was killed on 27 February 1845 by orders of the first Dominican president, Pedro Santana.

The territory of the province was part of the Duarte province and then it was made a municipality of the Samaná province. In 1958, it was made a province with the name "Julia Molina", after the mother of the dictator Rafael Trujillo, with the municipalities of Julia Molina and Cabrera and the municipal district, later a municipality, of Río San Juan. In 1961, after Trujillo's death, the province was given the present name and the capital was named Nagua.

The municipality of El Factor was created in 1988.

San José de Matanzas was made a municipal district in 1996, Arroyo Salado in 2000, La Entrada and El Pozo in 2001, Las Gordas in 2003 and Arroyo al Medio in 2006.

María Trinidad Sánchez is in the northeast of the country. The province has the Samaná province to the southeast, the Duarte province to the south and west and the Espaillat province to the northwest. The Atlantic Ocean is to the north and east of the province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the María Trinidad Sánchez province, and 74,019 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 20th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 141,331 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Nagua, its capital, with a population (in ) of 40,611 inhabitants.

The María Trinidad Sánchez province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 20th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of Nagua, provincial capital, is .

The "Cordillera Septentrional" (in English, "Northern mountain range") is in the southern part of the province, going from the northwest to the southeast. The mountains here are not very high, and the mountain range ends in the southeastern part of the province, in a large swamp called "Gran Estero" close to the Samaná province.

Because the mountain range is close to the sea, the rivers are short.

The protected areas in the province are the Natural Scientific Reserve Loma Guaconejo ("Reserva Científica Natural Loma Guaconejo"), the National Park Cabo Francés Viejo and the National Park Gran Laguna.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 4 municipalities and 6 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activities in the province are farming and fishing. In some partes of the province, mainly in the northern parte (Río San Juan and Cabrera), tourism is an important activity because there are many beautiful beaches.

Monseñor Nouel Province

Monseñor Nouel is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the central part of the country. Its capital city is Bonao.

The province was created in 1982. It was a municipality of the La Vega province before being elevated to the category of province.

The province was named after Archbishop Adolfo Alejandro Nouel, who was President of the Dominican Republic in 1912-1913.

The valley where is the province was named by the Spanish conquistadors as "Sabana de Bonao" ("Bonao Savanna"; Bonao was the Taíno name of the region.

Bartholomew Columbus, younger brother of Christopher Columbus, founded here a fort in 1495-1497 and Bonao became one of the most important city of the Hispaniola island during the first years of the Spanish colony.

Later, the city was abandoned and was founded again during the Haitian occupation with the name of "Paraje del Yuna". In 1859, it became a military post in the municipality of La Vega. In 1936, it became a municipality of La Vega province under the name of Monseñor Nouel.

The province was created in 1982 with the municipality of Monseñor Nouel and the municipal districts of Piedra Blanca and Maimón. In 2005, the name of the municipality of Monseñor Nouel was changed to Bonao even if the name had been changed since 1960.

In 1982, Maimón became a municipality and in 1991 Piedra Blanca became the third municipality of the province. Villa Sonador became a municipal district in 1999, Sabana del Puerto in 2000, Juan Adrián in 2001, Juma Bejucal in 2004, and Arroyo Toro-Masipedro and Jayaco in 2006.

The Monseñor Nouel province is bordered to the north and the west by the La Vega province, to the east by the Juan Sánchez Ramírez and Monte Plata provinces and to the south by the San Cristóbal and San José de Ocoa provinces.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Monseñor Nouel province, and 112,305 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 17th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 171,040 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Bonao, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 76,241 inhabitants.

The Monseñor Nouel province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 24th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of Bonao, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The province is mainly in a valley surrounded by mountains: the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range" by the north, west and south, and by the "Sierra de Yamasá" ("Yamasá mountain range"), a branch of the Cordillera Central, by the east.

The most important river is the Yuna, one of the largest of the Dominican Republic and of the Hispaniola island.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are three municipalities and seven municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activities in the province are farming and mining (mainly surface mining of nickel).

It is a province with an important production of rice. Cattle raising is also important, mainly for milk.

Monte Cristi Province

Monte Cristi is a province in the north-west of the Dominican Republic. The capital city is San Fernando de Monte Cristi (usually simply Monte Cristi). The spelling Montecristi is also seen.

When Christopher Columbus visited for the first time the northern coast of the Hispaniola island, he saw on 4 January 1493 a mountain with the shape of a dromedary and named it as "Monte Cristo" or "Monte Christi" ("Mountain of Christ") to this mountain now known as "El Morro", close to the city of San Fernando de Monte Cristi.

Nicolás de Ovando founded a small fishing hamlet in the place where is now Monte Cristi. In 1533, Juan de Bolaños brought a group of 60 families from the Canary Islands to live in the place. In 1545, other 30 families to live here.

The town was destroyed in 1606 by order of the Spanish Crown and the inhabitants were moved, together with the inhabitants of Puerto Plata inhabitants, away from the northern coast to form the new town of Monte Plata. In 1751, Monte Cristi was founded again by order of Ferdinand VI, king of Spain.

Monte Cristi was made as a Maritime District (a special administrative category similar to a province and that has been abandoned) in 1879. The 1907 Dominican Constitution changed its status to province. It was part of the Santiago province before being elevated to the category of province.

Guayubín is a municipality since 1855, Villa Vásquez since 1938, Pepillo Salcedo since 1949, Castañuelas since 1974 and Las Matas de Santa Cruz since 1985. Villa Elisa and Hatillo Palma became municipal districts in 1997, Cana Chapetón in 1999 and Palo Verde in 2002.

The Monte Cristi province is bordered to the north and est by the Atlantic Ocean, to the east by the Puerto Plata and Valverde provinces and to the south by the Dajabón and Santiago Rodríguez provinces.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Monte Cristi province, and 58,224 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 21st (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 114,624 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Monte Cristi, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 24,644 inhabitants.

The Monte Cristi province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 9th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of San Fernando de Monte Cristi, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The Monte Cristi province is in the northwestern part of the Cibao Valley; this part is also called the "Yaque del Norte Valley" or "Línea Noroeste" and is very dry because it does not rain much here.

The most important river in the province is the Yaque del Norte, the longest river of the Dominican Republic. Other rivers are Guayubín and Maguaca, tributaries of the Yaque del Norte.

The "Cordillera Septentrional" ("Northern mountain range") runs along the northern coast of the province; there are not high mountains, only low hills. At the western end of this mountain range is the "El Morro" mountain, forming a headland or a small peninsula.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are six municipalities and four municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity in the province is farming and banana and rice are grown here. Fishing and salt production is also important in the capital city of San Fernando de Monte Cristi.

Monte Plata Province

Monte Plata is a province of the Dominican Republic; its capital city has the same name, Monte Plata. It was split from San Cristóbal in 1982.

The province was given the name of the capital city, Monte Plata. In colonial times, people from Monte Cristi and Puerto Plata came to live to this region by orders of the Spanish king and gave to the town a new name that comes from the two original towns, "Monte Plata".

After the Dominican independence from Haiti in 1844, this region was part of the old Santo Domingo Province. During the Restoration War against Spain (1861 - 1865), there were several important battles in the region.

In 1932, the region was made part of the new San Cristóbal province and then it was made a province with the name of "Monte Plata" but soon the name was changed to "Monseñor Meriño" after the Archbishop Fernando Arturo de Meriño, who was President of the Dominican Republic in 1880-1882.

Then, in 1944, the province was made part of the San Cristóbal province again until 1982 when the new Monte Plata province was created with the municipalities of Monte Plata, Sabana Grande de Boyá, Yamasá and Bayaguana. In 2004, Peralvillo became a municipality.

Don Juan became a municipal district in 1987, Gonzalo in 1997, Los Botados in 1998, Majagual in 2001, Chirino in 2002, Boyá in 2004 and Mamá Tingó in 2010.

The Monte Plata province is in the centre of the country. To the north, it has the Sánchez Ramírez, Duarte and Samaná provinces; to the east, the Hato Mayor and San Pedro de Macorís; to the south, the Santo Domingo province; and to the west, the San Cristóbal and Monseñor Nouel provinces.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Monte Plata province, and 91,838 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 15th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 189,166 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Bayaguana, with an urban population (in ) of 20,303 inhabitants. The capital of the province, Monte Plata, has an urban population of 16,115 inhabitants.

The Monte Plata province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 5th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of Monte Plata, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The Sierra de Yamasá is found to the east and north of the province. "Los Haitises" is a karstic region found in the northwestern part of the province; most of it is now a national park.

The river Ozama is the most important river in the province. Other rivers are Yabacao, Yamasá, Comate, Mijo and Guanuma, all tributaries of the Ozama.

The Monte Plata province has a tropical wet climate with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist.

There are five municipalities and seven municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The most important economic activity of the province is farming. Some important crops are sugar cane, cacao and fruits like orange.

Cattle raising is also very important.

Luís Pereira

Luís Pereira (born 21 June, 1949) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

185||10
143||14
328||24

!Total||32||0

Marinho Peres

Marinho Peres ( 19 March, 1947- 18 September 2023 ) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

72||2
20||3
92||5

!Total||11||1

Zé Maria (footballer, born 1949)

José Maria Rodrigues Alves (born 18 May, 1949) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

!Total||47||1

Wilson Piazza

Wilson da Silva Piazza (born 25 February, 1943) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

121||1
121||1

!Total||51||0

Cruzeiro E.C.

Brazil


Marinho Chagas

Marinho Chagas (8 February, 1952 - 1 June 2014) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

133||20
43||11
176||31

!Total||27||4

Jairzinho

Jairzinho (born 25 December, 1944) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. A quick, skillful, and powerful right winger known for his finishing ability and eye for goal, he was a key member and top scorer of the legendary Brazil national team that won the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He is nicknamed The Hurricane () in reference to the way his jersey would shake as he ran down the wing during his playing days. A versatile forward, he was also capable of playing in a variety of other attacking positions, as a main striker, second striker, or even as an attacking midfielder. Jairzinho was known for his large afro towards the later stages of his career, as well as his burst of pace, dribbling, ball skills, finishing ability, shot power and devastating strength due to his large muscular build. Regarded as one of the greatest Brazilian football players of all time. 

He was a member of one of the best Brazilian forwards of all time. He succeeded Garrincha at both Botafogo and the Brazil national football team. During his sports career, he played for Botafogo (with which he won three championships in the youth category and seven titles in the Rio de Janeiro Championship), he also won two Roberto Gomes Pedrosa tournaments (the Brazilian league at the time) and was part of the great team from Botafogo that achieved 3 consecutive editions of the Little World Cup in 1967, 1968 and 1970, where they beat teams like Barcelona, Benfica and Spartak Trnav. In addition, he played for Olympique de Marseille, Cruzeiro (club with which he was proclaimed champion of the Minas Gerais League and won the 1976 Copa Libertadores), Portuguesa Fútbol Club de Acarigua (he joined in his last active years and in which he won two Venezuelan Leagues) and Jorge Wilstermann (where he won two national titles and qualified for the semifinals for the first time for a Bolivian team in the Copa Libertadores de América).

Jairzinho made his international debut aged 19 in 1964 against Portugal, again when Garrincha was injured. He played in the 1966 FIFA World Cup in England, however, with Garrincha back in the team, he played as a left winger. Jairzinho struggled to be effective in this position, especially at his young age, and was unable to prevent Brazil from crashing out of the competition in the first round. When, after the tournament, Garrincha announced his retirement from international football, Jairzinho finally assumed the role of Brazil's idol on the right wing. Jairzinho scored 2 goals in the 6 qualifying games for the 1970 FIFA World Cup.

Now in his favorite position he became a much more effective and consistent player for his country. At the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico, Jairzinho was recognised one of the stars of the tournament. He made history by scoring in all the matches the Brazil National Team played, for which he received the epithet "Furacão da Copa" (Hurricane World Cup). His second goal against Czechoslovakia was one of the best goals of the tournament, completing an incredible solo run, getting past 3-4 players to unleash a powerful low shot to undulate the bottom left corner, which goes down as one of the most memorable goals in history of the World Cup. 

He scored his seventh goal of the tournament in Brazil's 4–1 World Cup win over Italy in the final. However, his impressive goals tally in the finals were not enough to win him the Golden Boot, which went to Germany's and Gerd Müller, who scored ten goals. Jairzinho has claimed that FIFA gave him an award for the "best body on the planet" for his athleticism; however, FIFA has no record of this award. 

Jairzinho scored two goals in the 1974 FIFA World Cup, which would be his last World Cup for Brazil. The 3rd place final was his last game for Brazil until he was given a one-time farewell cap against Czechoslovakia on March 3, 1982 in a game that Brazil drew 1-1. He scored 33 goals in 81 games during his international career.

52||22
18||9
0||0
0||0
0||0
70||31

!Total||81||33

Botafogo

Cruzeiro

Brazil


Leivinha

Leivinha (born 11 September, 1949) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

88||40
83||40
171||80

!Total||21||7

César Maluco

César Augusto da Silva Lemos (born 17 May, 1945) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

70||24
70||24

!Total||||

Caju (footballer, born 1949)

Paulo César Lima (born 16 June, 1949) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

118||23
52||19
170||42

!Total||58||8

Renato (footballer, born 1944)

Renato Cunha Valle (born 5 December 1944) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

127||0
127||0

!Total||2||0

Valdomiro (footballer, born 1946)

Valdomiro Vaz Franco (born 17 February, 1946) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

199||60

!Total||17||3

Alfredo (footballer, born 1946)

Alfredo Mostarda Filho (born 18 October, 1946) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

121||2
121||2

!Total||2||0

Marco Antônio (footballer, born 1951)

Marco Antônio Feliciano (born February 6, 1951, in Santos), known as just Marco Antônio, is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

192||12
192||12

!Total||||

Paulo César Carpegiani

Paulo César Carpegiani (born 7 February, 1949) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

172||17
172||17

!Total||16||0









Ademir da Guia

Ademir da Guia (born 3 April 1942) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

133||18
133||18

!Total||9||0



Mirandinha (footballer, born 1952)

Sebastião Miranda da Silva Filho (born 26 February, 1952) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

104||45
32||8
136||53

!Total||6||0

Edu (footballer, born 1949)

Jonas Eduardo Américo, called Edu, (born 6 August 1949) is a Brazilian former footballer.

Edu was born in Jaú, São Paulo. From 1966 to 1985 he played for Santos, Corinthians, Internacional, Tigres UANL (in Mexico), São Cristovão and Nacional Fast Clube. He won five Campeonato Paulista titles (1967, 1968, 1969, 1973, 1977) and received the Brazilian Silver Ball Award in 1971.

With the Brazil national team, Edu played in 42 matches, from June 1966 to June 1976. Edu scored eight goals. He was a 1970 World Champion, and was also selected for Brazil at the 1966 and the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He played once in 1970 and once in 1974. He was also called up for the 1966 FIFA World Cup, at 16 years and 339 days of age at the start of the tournament, being the youngest player to ever be called up for the tournament; however, he did not play in any match.

More recently Edu played in an all-stars masters team in touring friendlies.




Félix (footballer)

Félix Miéli Venerando (born 24 December, 1937) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

64||0
64||0

!Total||38||0

Brito (footballer, born 1939)

Brito, real name Hércules de Brito Ruas, (born 9 August 1939 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former Brazilian footballer. He played as a central defender for many clubs, and for the Brazilian national team. Brito was regarded to be one of the best defenders in the history of Vasco da Gama. He was known as a classic defender as a great tackler, leader, man-marking opponent and a quick and tireless runner.

He started his career at Vasco da Gama, his favorite team, in 1960, replacing Bellini, two-time world champion with the Brazilian national team. In 1971, in a classic between Botafogo and Vasco, the Vasco defender punched referee José Aldo Pereira, after a penalty was awarded against Botafogo. For the assault, he received a year's suspension. He stayed at the Rio club for 10 years. He was champion of the Rio-São Paulo Tournament in 1966 for the club.

He arrived at Cruzeiro shortly after the 1970 FIFA World Cup, on loan from Flamengo, where he had a falling out with Yustrich. For Toca da Raposa, he played only 31 games until February 1971. In one of them, against Flamengo, after a 3-1 victory, in heavy rain, at Mineirão, the player ran towards the opponent's bench and threw his shirt at Yustrich, who tried to leave the tunnel in pursuit, but was held back by members of the coaching staff and reserve players. Raposa reached the semifinals of Robertão, the Brazilian at the time, and Brito entered the team for the first Silver Ball of the newly created Score Magazine. At the end of the loan, the athlete ended up transferring to Botafogo. He defended Corinthians in 1974 for 29 games (12 wins, 7 draws, 10 defeats), and scored 3 goals in favor and even scored an own goal. He also played for Internacional, Atlético Paranaense, Deportivo Galicia and River-PI.

Brito made his debut for the Brazilian national team on May 30, 1964 during a friendly match against England. In total, he made 45 appearances for the Seleção, and played at two world cups.

He was selected for the 1966 World Cup in England and played one match as a starter at the tournament, which was extremely disappointing because Brazil failed in the group stage. Brito was also selected for the 1970 World Cup, and he became a strongman in the Brazilians' defense at that tournament. Brito played all matches, including the final against Italy, and won the third world title for Brazil with the team. He was considered the best fit player at the 1970 World Cup by the WHO, Legend has it that during the preparation for this Cup, he broke a gym equipment while exercising. For Selecão, he made 45 between 1964 and 1972 and he scored once.

!Total||45||1


Brazil



Clodoaldo

Clodoaldo (born 26 September, 1949) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Considered by many as one of the best defensive midfielders of all time. He was known as a skillful midfielder, who was fast and strong. He played equally well in attack and defense, had good dribbling skills to beat the opponents and gave a lot of assists. He was a playmaker and possessed good passing ability. He was also known for his positioning and stamina.

Clodoaldo played alongside many of his childhood idols. A Santista since childhood, he began his career in Vila Belmiro at the age of thirteen, when he began to work in the club's youth categories.

Clodoaldo is considered by many to be a skilled midfielder, who scored well on both sides of the field and was efficient in supporting the attack. He played most of his career at Santos, where he scored thirteen goals in 510 matches. His first games for Santos' first team, in 1966, were during a tour of South America. As early as 1967, at just seventeen years old, he became the team's starter by replacing Zito. In the thirteen years in which he played for Santos, Clodoaldo helped Santos to win five Paulista Championships: (1967, 1968, 1969, 1973 and 1978 Championship), the 1968 Brazilian Championship, the 1968 Intercontinental Champions Supercopa Sudamericana and the 1968 Intercontinental Champions Cup. He was regarded to be one of the most successful football players.

Clodoaldo made his debut for the national team in 1969. He was called up for the 1970 World Cup, he was a starter and champion, In the semi-final against neighboring Uruguay, he scored the equalizer, later Jairzinho and Roberto Rivellino scored the winning goals. In the final, he contributed to the famous goal of Carlos Alberto Torres, by dribbling past four Italian players which put the 4-1 victory on the board. In the next edition, in 1974, he ended up cut before the final list of entries due to injury, and midfielder Mirandinha replaced him.

!Total||38||1

Santos

Nacional

Brazil

Gérson

Gérson (born 11 January 1941) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He is best known for his role as a playmaker at the 1970 FIFA World Cup. There he was the mainstay in midfield and key to the success of strikers Pelé, Jairzinho and Tostão. He is considered one of the best passers in the history of the World Cup. He was also praised for his great sense of organization and strategy. This ensured that he was able to deliver razor-sharp passes, over short and long distances. He was a very intelligent playmaker, known for vision, positional sense, efficiency, his ability to retain posession, powerful shots and his incredible passing ability. He is regarded as one of Brazil's greatest ever players. He also possessed an excellent positional sense, and a powerful shot with his left foot, which earned him the nickname "Canhotinha de Ouro" ("Golden left foot," in Portuguese).

Gérson was born on in Niterói, a suburb of Rio de Janeiro. He came from a football family. His father Clovis Nuno and his uncle had both been professional football players in Rio. The legendary Zizinho, who formed one of the best lines of attack ever in the 1950s along with Ademir and Jair, was a close friend of his father and a familiar face with the Nunes family. In elementary school he was known as the papagaio (parrot), because of his talk. The slender and shaggy boy, never lacked a mind of his own, especially on the football field where he left a confident and managerial impression from an early age. When he indicated as a teenager that he wanted to become a professional football player, few obstacles stood in his way. He trained at a young age with Fluminense, Botafogo and Bangu. He ended up with Canto do Rio from his native Niterói. After having played a practice match against Flamengo, he was later called by the professional club asking if he wanted to come and play football there.

Although his childhood idols had been strikers Jair, Zizinho, Ademir and Vasco da Gama midfielder Danilo, his first professional club Flamengo had him take the place of the most influential player in Brazilian midfield at the time: Didi. The young Gerson combined his speed and relentless shooting power with his intelligence to control the game from midfield. One of his most important assets was to switch from defensive to offensive play from his own half, via a long, clean ball, at lightning speed. He had understood early on that the ball was much faster than any player. Soon people were talking about the successor of the famous Didi. However, he himself refused to make that comparison. He was the original Gérson and not the next Didi. He admitted that he had some affinity with the playmaker of the 1950s, but the midfielder had never served as an example for him.
For the first five years in professional football, he rose continuously through all ranks. Less than a year after starting with Flamengo in 1958, he already made his appearance in the Brazilian 'amateur team' at the Pan American Games in 1959, where the team finished second behind champions Argentina. A year later, he was the cornerstone on the side of the field when he competed in the soccer tournament at the Summer Olympics in Rome. By now, he had developed into the absolute controller of Flamengo's midfield and began to take over the role of Didi within the Brazilian national team. After spending five years with Flamengo, he decided to leave for another top club from Rio de Janeiro, Botafogo. This was home to one of the best players Brazil has ever known, his other childhood idol Garrincha. His big dream of playing with him, and Pelé among others, at the 1962 FIFA World Cup was shattered when he suffered a very serious knee injury. The surgery made it impossible for him to take part in the tournament in Chile which was eventually won for the second time by Brazil. The injury meant that his career would never be as successful as he had expected. At Botafogo, he continued to play for most of his career and also managed to win many awards. He then played another stint with São Paulo before concluding his career in Rio de Janeiro with Fluminense. His heart is still with the latter club, even though he only played here for a fairly short period. He stopped at a relatively young age because his knee started to hurt, but his fear of flying also played a role, if possible he always took the car to travel.

Succeeding Didi, Gérson, as a midfield controller, was to lead his team at the 1966 FIFA World Cup in England. Together with newcomers Jairzinho and Tostão, Gérson formed a new trio of players. In the first match, Brazil faced Bulgaria. Partly due to a goal from Pelé and Garrincha, the Divine Canaries won the game 2-0. In the second game against Hungary, Gérson came into action for the first time. Brazil struggled. Hungary had many talented football players. The Brazilians lost the match 3-1. The third group match had to be played against Eusébio's Portugal. Early in the game Pelé was out with an injury, his substitute, the just 19-year-old Tostão, was unable to break any pots and Brazil was beaten 3-1. As a result, the team did not even reach the second round and the tournament was a big disappointment. The explanation for this probably lay in the fact that the selection was too old, of all the players who had also been present at the 1958 World Cup and 1962 World Cup, only Pelé at the age of 25 was really fit enough to participate.

Gérson reached his peak four years later at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico. At the time, he was 29 and the end of his career was in sight. The high expectations people had of him when he first started playing football had somehow never quite been fulfilled. The tournament was his last chance to prove his greatness. Czechoslovakia was the first to be sidelined 4-1. Then followed England, the world champion with Bobby Moore in the ranks was defeated 1-0 by a goal from Jairzinho. Partly due to a memorable pass from Gérson of almost 40 meters, Pelé managed to score, so that Romania was finally settled 3-2 in the last group match.

Brazil faced Peru in the quarter finals. They won the game 4-2 and they defeated Teófilo Cubillas and Peru. Cubillas had almost personally led his team to the next round and had already scored four times in the first three matches. Both teams played attacking play, creating space for both Peru and Brazil, so it was a goal-rich game. After a quarter of an hour, Brazil was already 2-0 ahead. Uruguay then waited in the semifinals. Their national coach had noticed the important role of Gérson and decided to put a man on him during the game. The flowing game of the Brazilians was interrupted because Gérson was so tightly covered. He had come up with a way to solve this. He went deeper into the field so that his opponent had to go with him. In this way, Clodoaldo was given space to attack and scored the first goal for the Brazilians. In the second half, the Divine Canaries managed to score twice more to make it 3-1. Brazil reached the final, against Italy. They had qualified by booking a historic victory over West Germany in the semi-final. They played against the Brazilians with greats such as Giacinto Facchetti, Luigi Riva and Sandro Mazzola. In the 18th minute, Pelé opened the scoring to score Brazil's 100th World Cup goal, but Italy tied the score a short time later. The Brazilians then decided to give a little more gas in the second half and rolled over the Squadra Azzurri. After a goal from Gérson, goals from Jairzinho and Carlos Alberto Torres followed. The final score was 4-1. Almost everyone agreed that Gérson had been the Man of the Match and played a major role in winning the world title. Brazil became tri-campeão, three-time world champion, and was therefore allowed to keep the Jules Rimet Cup.

In the 1970s, Gérson was featured in a TV commercial for cigarettes in which he quoted the following sentence: "I would like to take advantage of everything to progress". From this came the lei de Gérson (Gérson's Law), which has since been associated with the common disregard for laws and regulations in Brazil. In the 70's and 80's it was generally accepted to cheat, cheat or take advantage of any situation. Even a quarter of a century after the Law came into being, it still applies to some situations in Brazil. However, corruption and extortion is slowly starting to decline with the emergence of so-called watchdog agencies who monitor compliance with laws and regulations. Afterwards, Gérson reacted disapprovingly to the image he had painted in the advertisement.
After the presentation of the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 best living footballers compiled by Pelé in 2004, there was a lot of criticism from Brazil for the absence of Jairzinho and Gérson. They had been an important part of the successful team that had won the world title in 1970. Jairzinho had scored in every game, which is still a record, and Gerson had played a key role in midfield. Outraged at his absence, Gérson tore up the list publicly on Brazilian television.

Gérson has always been known for his much talking on the football field, in 2004 he did talking as a profession with a job as a radio reporter. 

34||1
34||1

!Total||70||14

Flamengo

Botafogo

São Paulo

Fluminense

Brazil

Tostão

Tostão (born 25 January 1947) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. A complete player, he was a natural left-hander able to fill various roles in an excellent way, from the attacking midfielder to the left midfielder up to the first striker and the second striker. His first-rate individual technique allowed him to jump the man with great ease and to have a very broad vision of the game. Moreover, as evidenced by his 303 career goals between club and national team, he had a great nose for goals. In the green-gold national team he held the role of center forward. He was widely considered as one of the best players in the world. He was named the first South American Footballer of the Year in 1971.

Born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Eduardo Andrade received, like the vast majority of Brazilian footballers, a nickname early into his football career, being dubbed 'Tostão' (little coin). Legend has it that as a six-year-old school boy he netted 47 goals in one game for his primary school football team.
Eduardo Gonçalves De Andrade grew up in football in the América Mineiro of Belo Horizonte and, at the age of 14, entered the Cruzeiro youth academy, where he earned the nickname of Tostão (Monetina) due to his small physique, which also became his nickname. After a further year of apprenticeship at América, he returned to Cruzeiro on a permanent basis and made his debut as a first-team center-forward at sixteen. With the Cruzeiro shirt he won five consecutive editions of the Campeonato Mineiro, from 1965 to 1969, resulting in the best scorer for four consecutive editions (from 1965 to 1968), and a Taca Brasil in 1966, in fact the Brazilian national championship of the time, beating Santos di Pelé in both home and away finals. Furthermore, with 249 official goals, Tostão is still the best scorer in Cruzeiro history. In addition, he is the holder of the record for goals (143) scored at the Mineirao Stadium in Belo Horizonte, having the best average of goals in the stadium per year: 17,875; followed by Atletico Mineiro center forward, Reinaldo, with 11,692 per year. His move to Vasco da Gama in Rio de Janeiro, in 1972, was one of the most famous of the time and one of the most expensive in Brazilian football. However, Tostão did not have the opportunity to be very useful to his new team: already suffering from a detachment of the retina due to a ball in the face received in 1969 during a meeting with Corinthians, he spent a lot of time for medical consultations until, to safeguard his sight, he decided to retire in 1973 at the age of only 26, after five retinal surgeries.
In 1966 Tostão was selected to go along to that year's World Cup in England. He was only 19 years old at the time and one of the youngest players in the Brazilian squad. Tostão made his World Cup debut and scored a goal for the Selecão in the match against Hungary, replacing the injured Pelé. Brazil lost the match and Tostão later claimed that it was due to the too old selection. "Of the players who took part in the 1958 and 1962 World Cup, only Pele was fit enough," said the former attacker. "Djalma Santos, Gilmar, Bellini, Orlando and Garrincha were not fit enough for the tournament in England".

After the 1966 FIFA World Cup, preparations began for the next tournament, the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico. During the qualifying matches, Tostão was Brazil's great hero. He was a striker who could do anything. He gave assists to others, but also scored many goals himself. Under the new national coach Saldanha, he did not play instead of Pelé, but together with Pelé. It seemed certain that Tostão was going to the World Cup in Mexico, but a match between Corinthians and Cruzeiro almost threw a spanner in the works. A defender of Corinthians, Ditao, shot a ball in the face of the attacker, who could not see for a while after this accident. In the end, it turned out that something was wrong with the retina, an injury that could prevent him from competing in the World Cup. Tostão sent for the best doctor from Belo Horizonte to operate on him, and on October 3, 1969, the whole of Brazil held its breath. Doctor Robert Abdalla Moura operated on Tostao in Houston and said after the operation that he was satisfied with the result. In the months that followed, it had to become clear whether Tostão could come to Mexico. On a Friday in April 1970, he awoke to blood pouring from his eye. It was a few days before he was to make his comeback in a match against Paraguay. His competitor Dario could hope again, as he was Tostão's replacement during this match. He failed to impress, however, as the game ended 0-0 and the new national team manager, Mário Zagallo, knew right away how valuable Tostão was to the squad.

In the end, Tostão recovered from his injury just in time and was able to compete in the tournament. On his appointment as national team manager, Zagallo said Tostao would fill in for Pele, but after missing the striker for a long time, he knew how valuable the "White Pele" was to the squad. Tostão started the tournament as a starting player and scored two goals and provided a number of assists. Brazil won the tournament with arguably the most beautiful football ever played. Italy was defeated 4-1 in the final.

After the successful 1970 FIFA World Cup, Tostão played for Cruzeiro for two more years. He then left for Vasco da Gama, where his eye suffered again in his first season. The 1972–73 season was his last season as a professional footballer, he had to retire when he was only 26 years old.

After his career as a football player, he started studying again and became a doctor. Years later, he returned to the football world and became a sports journalist.

!Total||54||32




Ado (footballer)

Eduardo Roberto Stinghen (born July 4, 1946 in Várzea Grande, Mato Grosso), better known as Ado, is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Roberto Miranda

Roberto Miranda (born 31 July, 1944) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

82||26
82||26

!Total||||

Baldocchi

José Guilherme Baldocchi (born 14 March 1946), better known as Baldocchi, is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a central defender.

Palmeiras

Fortaleza

Brazil

Fontana (footballer)

José de Anchieta Fontana (born 31 December, 1940) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

34||0
34||0

Everaldo (footballer, born 1944)

Everaldo (11 September 1944 – 28 October 1974) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Juventude, Grêmio and Brazil national team. He is regarded as one of the best left-backs of all time. He was renowned as a ball-winner, defensive skills, marking opponents and he was capable as a fast and a strong left-back. Having a simple but efficient style of play, with a great ability to score. He earned his nickname Golden Star.

Everaldo entered Grêmio's youth academy in 1957. In 1964 he was loaned to Juventude for a year. In 1965 he became vice champion with the club in the Campeonato Gaúcho behind Grêmio. Shortly afterwards he returned to Porto Alegre. In 1966 Everaldo won the Campeonato Gaucho with Grêmio. It was the fifth time in a row that the club won the state championship. The next two years, in 1967 and 1968, the state championship was again won.

His good performances at Grêmio led to Everaldo being called up to the Brazil national football team for the first time in 1967 for the games against Uruguay in the battle for the Copa Rio Branco. After three draws, it was decided to share the title. In 1970, national coach Mário Zagallo included him in Brazil 's squad for the 1970 World Cup, which took place in Mexico. Brazil, with players like Carlos Alberto Torres and Pelé, became undefeated world champions in the final against Italy beating 4-1. Everaldo did not miss a single minute in the tournament, in which Brazil conceded just seven goals.

After winning the World Cup, Everaldo and his teammates were treated like gods by the Brazilian people. Everaldo received numerous awards and was made an honorary member of the Rio Grande do Sul Football Federation. In addition, President Emílio Garrastazu Médici presented him with a check for 25,000 cruzeiro and a savings account for 5,000 cruzeiro. On June 30, 1970, almost a week after Everaldo returned from Mexico, Grêmio announced that he would dedicate the gold star in their logo to him for his achievements for the club and Brazilian football. He was the first football player from Rio Grande de Sul to become world champion with Brazil.

National coach Mário Zagallo did not include Everaldo in the squad for the Brazilian Independence Cup. This led to protest among Brazilian fans, who booed the national team in Brazil's last preparatory match against a selection of Gaúchos (of which Everaldo was part). Shortly afterwards, however, another setback for the left back. On October 18, 1972, during Grêmio's league game against Cruzeiro, Everaldo attacked the referee after he awarded a penalty kick to the opposing team. It was striking that three months earlier he had received the Prêmio Belfort Duarte received a sportsmanship award. Everaldo was banned from football for one year as a punishment and publicly announced that he would waive his right to the Belfort Duarte Prize.

Everaldo died on October 27, 1974 as a result of a car accident. His Dodge Dart, which he had received from a dealer in Porto Alegre after winning the 1970 World Cup, collided with a truck. In the accident, his wife Cleci, his sister Romilda and their daughter Deise also died. He was buried few days in Cachoeira do Sul after the crash. 

!Total||24||1

Brazil

Grêmio

Individual

Joel Camargo

Joel Camargo (18 September, 1946 – 23 May 2014) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Camargo died on 23 May 2014 from renal failure, aged 67.

5||0
2||0
7||0



Dadá Maravilha

Dadá Maravilha (born 4 March, 1943) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

236||112
236||112

!Total||||

Gilmar

Gylmar dos Santos Neves (22 August 1930 – 25 August 2013) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national football team. Listed by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics as one of the best goalkeepers of the twentieth century, with the Brazilian national team he won the World Cup in 1958 and 1962; he is the only goalkeeper to have managed to win two editions of the World Cup. Before him, only Guido Masetti had won two world titles in 1934 and 1938, but as the third goalkeeper called up. He was elected the best Brazilian goalkeeper of the 20th century. He is remembered for his sober style on the pitch and his peaceful personality.

He is considered the most complete goalkeeper in Brazilian football of all time, reactive extreme goalkeeper of classic style, he had very quick reflexes, was agile and possessed of remarkable acrobatic qualities. He played until he was 39. 

He played in legendary teams such as Corinthians in the 1950s, Santos in the 1960s and in the Brazilian team that won twice the world. Gilmar had at least one title in each competition he played. 

Gilmar was born on August 25, 1930 in Santos to his parents Gilberto and Maria, he began playing as a goalkeeper for Jabaquara in 1945, his coach was impressed with his goalkeeping ability and his great saves. He became renowned as one of the finest shot-stoppers ever for the club.

Gilmar switched from Jabaquara to Corinthians in 1951, where he immediately won the Campeonato Paulista, repeating it in 1952 and 1954. In 1961 he went to Santos with star players Pelé and Coutinho for $3000. With Santos he won the state championship five times and the national title five times. In 1962 and 1963 he won the Copa Libertadores with Santos against Peñarol and Boca Juniors respectively. In the same years won the Intercontinental Cup against Eusébio's Benfica Lisbon and AC Milan. At club level, Gilmar won the World Cup for club teams twice with Santos, among other things. He ended his career in 1969.

He made his debut for the national team on March 1, 1953 in Lima in a match against Bolivia. In 1954 he had a chance to play for the 1954 FIFA World Cup but he wasn't selected along with Garrincha, Zizinho, Ademir, Canhoteiro, Barbosa, Danilo, Jair and Bigode. In 1956 he went on a European tour with the Seleção and played against Portugal, Switzerland, Austria, Czechoslovakia, Italy, England and Turkey and made a good impression here. The competition in the national team was fierce, other positions were not always certain except for the defending pair Djalma Santos and Nílton Santos. Due to his good performances in Europe, Gilmar was preferred to Carlos José Castilho at the FIFA World Cup in Sweden in 1958, who started the tournament with shirt number 1, while Gilmar was given number 3. Only in the semi-finals against France Gilmar let in the first goals, from Just Fontaine and Roger Piantoni.

Gilmar was put out of the squad after Brazil lost one point to Argentina in the South American Championship in 1959. He had also been sidetracked at Corinthians. It was only after his change to the successful Santos that he was included in the national team again. He also played at the World Cup in Chile, where the title was extended. He was given the jersey number 1. After star player Pelé was sidelined in the group stage, Brazil had to do the job defensively and not offensively. He conceded five goals and again became world champion. He is so far the only goalkeeper to become world champion twice as a starting player. In the election of goalkeeper of the century, he was in first place in Brazil and fourth in South America. In 1965 he had to give way to goalkeeper Manga, but was given another chance at the 1966 FIFA World Cup in England. He played against Bulgaria and Hungary, but was replaced by Manga for the third group match against Portugal. He achieved a total of 14 World Cup appearances in goal, playing his last game on 12 June 1969 in a 2-1 win against England. In total, Gilmar played 94 matches for Brazil.

!Total||94||0





Fidélis (footballer, born 1944)

José Maria Fidélis dos Santos (13 March 1944 – 28 November 2012), known as Fidélis) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

95||0
95||0

Hilderaldo Bellini

Hilderaldo Bellini (7 June 1930 – 20 March 2014) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He is of Italian origin who played as a defender and he was known in Brazil to be considered as one of the nation's most solid central defenders ever. Widely regarded to be one of the best Brazilian centre-backs of his generation. Bellini was known as a solid and reliable defender and was known for his marking and covering. Bellini was a strong, lean defender who stood out in the box. He compensated for limited technique with seriousness and loyalty to opponents, which earned him the post of captain for the national team in 1958.

In 1947, Hilderaldo Bellini joined the newly founded Sociedade Esportiva in his hometown of Itapira – located around 180 km east of the state capital of São Paulo on the border with Minas Gerais – which that year took part in the state’s interior championship, the Campeonato do Interior. From 1949 he played for Esportiva in nearby São João da Boa Vista. At the end of 1952 he was brought to the CR Vasco da Gama in the then federal capital Rio de Janeiro. With the state championship in 1952, the Maltese cruisers won the last title of their era as Expresso de Vitória, the golden era of the club. He went through his club career until 1961 at Vasco da Gama, FC São Paulo (until 1968) and ended his active career in 1969 at Athletico Paranaense.
He made his debut for the national team on July 13, 1957 in Lima against Peru (1-1), During his career in the national team, which lasted 9 years, he played 51 matches for Brazil. As part of the national team, he was a participant in the 1957 Copa América draw in Peru, where together with the team he won "silver", Bellini was captain and central defender in the Seleção at the 1958 World Cup in Sweden, when Brazil won the World Cup for the first time with exciting combination football and a surprising 4-2-4 system for the Europeans. The defender, nicknamed "Eisenfuss", ensured that Vicente Feola's team went through the preliminary round and the quarter-finals in Sweden without conceding a goal and only conceded their first two goals in the semi-final against France. His greatest strength wasn't necessarily on the field, but in his personality, which made him a leading figure at Vasco and in the national team. The defensive formation of the tournament in Sweden with goalkeeper Gilmar, the full -back pair Djalma Santos and Nílton Santos as well as in central defense with Bellini and Orlando and the defensive boss in midfield, Zito, was among the best that world football has ever seen in previous world tournaments. The outstanding defensive skills of Brazil's first world champion team took a back seat to the outstanding attacking players Garrincha, Didi, Vavá, Zagallo and Pelé. Brazil won 5-2 against the host Sweden, Bellini is credited with starting the tradition of lifting the trophy into the air in football. He initially did this so that photographers could have a better view of the trophy and, as the photos were published around the world, the gesture became associated with victory. He was named to participated during the Copa América in 1959 and Brazil finished as runners-up, Bellini still took part in the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile - there he was only a reserve for his successor Mauro and followed the title defense from the bench - and came in his third World Cup participation in 1966 in England again in two group games, after Brazil was eliminated, Bellini was no longer called up to play for Brazil.

Bellini died on 20 March 2014, aged 83, in São Paulo, due to complications caused by Alzheimer's disease ending with cardiac arrest.

!Total||51||0




Altair (footballer)

Altair Gomes de Figueiredo (22 January 1938 – 9 August 2019) was a Brazilian football player. He played for Fluminense and Brazil national team.

de Figueiredo died on 9 August 2019 in São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro at the age of 81.



Orlando Peçanha

Orlando Peçanha de Carvalho (20 September, 1935 – 10 February, 2010) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. With the Brazilian national team he became world champion in 1958. At club level, he has played in Brazil with CR Vasco da Gama and FC Santos and in Argentina with Boca Juniors great achievements. With his powerful style of play and ability to read the game, he is regarded as one of the best defenders in Brazilian football history.

Orlando started his professional career in 1953 with the Vasco da Gama club where he played until 1961, winning 2 Rio championships and the Rio São Paulo tournament. In February 1961, he made his debut with Boca Juniors, in which he played 119 matches (105 in the league and 14 in the Copa Libertadores ), but did not score a single goal. With Boca, the team that he took to the field with the captain's armband, he won 3 Argentine championships. In 1965, Orlando returned to Brazil and began playing for Santos. With Santos, Orlando won 4 Paulista championships, Rio São Paulo tournament, Copa Brazil, Roberto Gómez Pedrosa and Recopa Sudamericana Tournament Orlando ended his career in 1970, playing for his first club, Vasco da Gama, for three months.

In May 1958, Orlando Peçanha also made his national team debut. In São Paulo, the Seleção won 3-1 against Bulgaria. A month later he was taken on a trip to Sweden for the 1958 FIFA World Cup. There Orlando Peçanha, together with Bellini, formed the defensive backbone of the Seleção, who impressed the world with the brilliant attacking players Garrincha, Didi, Vavá, Zagallo and the 17-year-old Pelé and brought the title to Brazil for the first time with a brilliant 5-2 final victory over Sweden. In 1959 he took part in the Copa America in Argentina with Brazil. When the score was 0-1, he was dismissed from the field in the game against Uruguay along with another Brazilian and two Uruguayans. Brazil ended up winning 3-1. Overall, it was only enough for second place behind the hosts. In 1960 he won the Taça do Atlântico with the Seleção, in which the national teams of Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay also took part that year. He was not considered for the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile because he played abroad. 1966 FIFA World Cup, Orlando Peçanha was again in Brazil's squad. But he was only used once. Deputizing for Bellini, he was captain of the Brazilian team that lost the decisive group game against Portugal with players like Eusébio and Mário Coluna 3-1 and thus had to say goodbye to the tournament. With his only defeat in the national jersey, his international career ended at this point. In total he made 31 appearances for Brazil.

105||0
105||0

!Total||31||0




Paulo Henrique (footballer, born 1943)

Paulo Henrique Souza de Oliveira (born 5 January, 1943) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

15||0
15||0

Rildo (footballer, born 1942)

Rildo da Costa Menezes (23 January 1942 – 16 May 2021) was a Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil national team.

Rildo died in Los Angeles, California on 16 May 2021, aged 79.

79||2
79||2

!Total||38||1

Manga (footballer)

Aílton Corrêa Arruda (born 26 April, 1937) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

107||0
107||0

Denílson (footballer, born 1943)

Denílson Custódio Machado (born 28 March, 1943) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

58||1
58||1

Lima (footballer, born 1942)

Antônio Lima dos Santos (born 18 January, 1942) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

10||1
10||1

Zito (footballer, born 1932)

Zito (18 August 1932 – 14 June 2015) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He was a highly intelligent player, known for his leadership, tackling, passing, dribbling, his ability to win back possesion and his distribution. A strong, commanding and influential midfielder, known for his leadership, Zito usually played in a supporting role as a wing-half or half-back, serving as a defensive foil to his more offensive minded teammates. Considered as one of the greatest midfielders in the world in his prime, he was regarded to be one of the biggest idols of Santos FC, the club he represented for years. His club career was spent mostly in the service of Santos, captaining a side including Pelé to domestic and international successes. He was also part of the Brazilian squads which won the World Cup in 1958 and 1962. After his retirement as a player, Zito remained at Santos as a director and youth coordinator, developing several young future international players.

Born in Roseira, São Paulo, Zito initially intended to become a schoolteacher, and attended technical schools in his hometown, before pursuing a career as a footballer.
Zito joined Santos in 1952, after finishing his formation at hometown amateur club Roseira FC, and spending two years at Taubaté. He made his debut for "Peixe" on 29 June 1952 in a 3–1 friendly win against Madureira.

Zito appeared regularly for Santos in the following 15 years, playing 727 games and scoring 57 goals. He was the captain of the "Os Santásticos" team of the late 1950s and 1960s, playing alongside Pelé, Pepe and other Brazilian stars.

Zito was nicknamed "Gerente" (manager in Portuguese) by the media during his playing days, due to helping the manager Lula while outfields. Despite missing the two last games of 1963 Intercontinental Cup due to an injury, he acted as Lula's assistant during both matches as his team won the second title in a row.

Zito played his last match on 7 November 1967, a 5–0 win against a mix between Ferroviário and Fortaleza at the "Estádio Presidente Vargas".

At international level, he earned 52 caps and scored 3 goals for Brazil. Zito made his for the national team in 1955. He was selected to play for Copa América in 1956, Brazil had an unsuccessful tournament and finished fourth. In 1957 he was selected again for the Copa América where Brazil finished as runners-up where he showed his great style of play, he was renowned as a playmaker and a incredible passer and a good dribbler. He partnered Didi in midfield duo, and was part of the squad which won the 1958 FIFA World Cup Final against hosts Sweden; after starting the tournament as a reserve, he finished it as an undisputed starter. In 1959 edition of Copa América Zito was called up, Brazil ended up as runners-up again and they were undefeated. In the 1962 edition in Chile, he was named in the Team of the Tournament. In the 1962 FIFA World Cup Final, Zito headed Brazil into the lead as they came from behind to win 3–1 against Czechoslovakia with Pelé absent through injury. Zito was called up to play during 1966 FIFA World Cup but he was unable to play and Brazil were eliminated after a 2-0 victory against Bulgaria and 3-1 defeat against Hungary and Portugal, Zito never played for Brazil again after the elimination.

After retiring Zito was a vice-president at Santos between 1978 and 1982. After one year away from the club, he was named director of football by president Milton Teixeira, but left the post in 1987. In 2000, he was named a youth coordinate, helping the club to promote youngsters Robinho and Diego to the first team.

Zito was credited with bringing 11-year-old Neymar to the club in 2003. With Gabriel, he was also the scout who saw the player and brought him to the club's youth system.

Zito suffered from Alzheimer's disease and had memory lapses. Following a stroke the year before, Zito died on 14 June 2015 aged 82 in Santos, São Paulo, leaving Pelé, Pepe and Zagallo as the last three living Brazilian veterans of the 1958 World Cup final.

In his honour, Santos decided to use the "Z" letter in the captain's armband (instead of the regular "C" used by most teams) from 2015 onwards.

Santos

Brazil

Alcindo

Alcindo Martha de Freitas (born 31 March, 1945) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

23||5
38||24
61||29

Silva Batuta

Wálter Machado da Silva (2 January 1940 – 29 September 2020) was a Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil national team.

Batuta died on 29 September 2020 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 80.

28||18
23||0
51||18

Paraná (footballer)

Adhemir de Barros (born 21 March, 1942), better known as Paraná, is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

91||5
91||5


Vicente Feola

Vicente Feola (born 20 November, 1909) was a Brazilian football manager.

Lje

The Cyrillic letter lje (Љ, љ) is a combination of Л and Ь and is used in Serbian and Macedonian. It is used to denote the palatal lateral approximant , a sound similar (but not equal) to the palatalized alveolar lateral represented by the digraph Ль. It was created by Vuk Karadžić and is same to the Latin digraph in Serbian language and Croatian language. It is romanized using the letter L with caron (Ľ ľ). It also takes the form of Ль.

Countdown

A countdown is a series of numbers getting lower in value towards zero. Usually something will happen when the counter finishes.

Higher

A Higher is a level of study in the Scottish educational system. It is studied by students in their last two years at secondary school aged fifteen to seventeen and is slightly harder than the English GCSE.

San Cristóbal Province

San Cristóbal is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is along the south coast of the country. Its capital city has the same name, San Cristóbal.

The province has the name of the capital city, San Cristóbal, but it was created with the name Trujillo, after the dictator Rafael Trujillo who was born in that city.

The province of San Cristóbal was created on 1932 with the municipalities of San Cristóbal, Baní, Monte Plata, Yamasá, Villa Mella, La Victoria, San José de Ocoa and Bonao; its capital was the city of San Cristóbal.

In 1934, the name was changed to Provincia Trujillo with the municipalities of San Cristóbal, Baní, Monte Plata, Yamasá, Villa Mella, La Victoria, Guerra and Bayaguana. In 1961, the name was changed again to the present one, Provincia San Cristóbal. When the Monte Plata province was created in 1982, the San Cristóbal province had the municipalities of San Cristóbal, Villa Altagracia, Bajos de Haina and Yaguate, and the municipal districts of Cambita Garabitos and Sabana Grande de Palenque.

Cambita Garabitos became a municipality in 1987, Sabana Grande de Palenque in 1997, San Gregorio de Nigua in 2001 and Los Cacaos in 2004. In 2004, Hato Damas became a municipal district; El Carril in 2001; San José del Puerto, Medina and La Cuchilla in 2002; and Cambita el Pueblecito in 2005.

The San Cristóbal province is in the southern part of the country. It is bordered to the north by the Monseñor Nouel province, to the northeast by the Monte Plata province, to the east by the Santo Domingo province and to the west by the Peravia and San José de Ocoa province. The Caribbean Sea is to the south.

In (last national census), there were people living in the San Cristóbal province, and 295,539 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 4th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 611,677 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Cristóbal, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 138,455 inhabitants.

The San Cristóbal province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 19st (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the city of San Cristóbal, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The most important rivers are:

There are 8 municipalities and 6 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

Reading F.C.

Reading Football Club are an football club in Reading, Berkshire.
The team plays in the Football League. The team play at the Madejski Stadium, named after their owner, John Madejski. They are currently managed by José Manuel Gomes.

Reading were formed on 25 December 1871 and were known for many years as 'the Biscuitmen' because of the local biscuit factory in the town. 

Oxalidales

The Oxalidales is a group of six families of flowering plants. This family has about 1300 species. These include some herbs, shrubs and trees.


Edict of Nantes

The Edict of Nantes was a law that allowed people to be Protestants in France from 1598 to 1685. It was signed in Nantes by King Henry IV in April 1598, although some provinces blocked it until 1610. The purpose of the law was to make peace after the French Wars of Religion. Henry IV was a former Huguenot (French Protestant) who had changed his religion to being Catholic so that he could be the king of France.

The edict was an early example of freedom of religion in Europe. However, it did not make Catholics and Protestants equal. It said that the Catholic Church was the national religion of France. It only allowed people to be Protestants in certain areas, where they were allowed to defend their own fortress towns. They also still had to pay money to the Catholic Church and have Catholic holidays. Many Catholics in France hated the idea of allowing people to be Protestant, while the Protestants thought that it did not go far enough.

The Edict of Nantes was weakened during the reign of King Louis XIII, with many of the fortress towns being captured by the government. In 1685, King Louis XIV replaced the Edict of Nantes with the Edict of Fontainebleau, which banned people from being Protestant. This made many Huguenots leave the country, and a hundred years later there were not many left. In 1787, King Louis XVI made it legal for people to be Protestant again. During the French Revolution a few years later, France gave people full freedom of religion.

Louis XIV did not like the Edict of Nantes. Being an absolute ruler, Louis thought that there should be one king, one nation, and one church only - and that church had to be the Roman Catholic Church. The king let Roman Catholics persecute Huguenots even after the Edict. He hoped the Huguenots would become Roman Catholics. Finally, in 1685 King Louis withdrew the Edict of Nantes.

The government declared that no one could believe in any religion except Roman Catholicism. Anyone joining in a Protestant service could die. Because of this, many Huguenots died for their faith. Some, though, gave up and became Roman Catholics. Others, refusing to stop being Protestants, ran away from France.

Louis XIV was horrified when he lost the Huguenots. They were among the most skilled workers in France. Many bankers, weavers, and merchants were Huguenots. Louis XIV ordered that France's borders be closed, and said that nobody could leave the country without his permission. However, Protestants still found ways to escape. Some hid in barrels on ships sailing away from France. Others disguised themselves as peasants and escaped. All together, probably more than two hundred thousand Huguenots ran away.

Protestant countries in Europe were glad to have such hard-working subjects: over a third of the Huguenots went to the Netherlands. From there many of them went to the Dutch colony at the Cape of Good Hope. Many went to England, and from there to America, especially Virginia and the Carolinas.

These immigrants were very valuable to their new home countries. They were hard working, obedient, and talented. They also brought many secrets of French manufacturing with them: for example, they introduced silk production to the rest of Europe.

Cross product

The cross product is a mathematical operation which can be done between two three-dimensional vectors. It is often represented by the symbol formula_1. After performing the cross product, a new vector is formed. The cross product of two vectors is always perpendicular (it makes a corner-shaped angle) to both of the vectors which were "crossed". This means that cross product normally works only in three-dimensional space; that is, anywhere where you can go up or down, left or right, and forward or backwards.

A vector is information that describes two things: which way (direction), and how much (magnitude). Usually, the simplest vector can be an arrow. How long is the line, and which way does the line and the pointed end of the arrow go?

Being a vector operation, the cross product is extremely important in all sorts of sciences (particularly physics), engineering, and mathematics. One important example of the cross product involves torque (pushing or pulling in a circle, like twisting off a bottle cap.) or moment. Another important application involves the magnetic field.

The cross product of formula_2 and formula_3 is a vector that we shall call formula_4:

The vector formula_6 is perpendicular to both formula_7 and formula_8. The direction of formula_6 is determined by a variation of the right-hand rule. By holding your right hand as shown in the picture, your thumb points in the direction of formula_4 (the cross product of formula_7 and formula_8), with the index finger pointing in the direction that formula_7 points, and the middle finger pointing in the direction that formula_8 points. If the angle between the index (your pointer finger) and middle (second finger away from your thumb) fingers is greater than 180°, then you need to turn the hand upside down.

Like any mathematical operation, the cross product can be done in a straightforward way.

Since cross products usually only work for three-dimensional vectors, the calculation of cross product in two dimensions thinks of the vectors as if they are on a flat surface (like a sheet of paper) in three dimensions (like a room or a large cube).

More specifically, if
formula_15
and
formula_16
then
formula_17

or

formula_18
and
formula_19

where formula_20 is just a symbol indicating that the new vector is pointing up (in the z-direction). If one "crosses" two vectors which are both in the xy-plane, then the product, being perpendicular to both vectors, must point in the z direction. If the value of formula_21 is positive, then it points out of the page; if its value is negative, then it points into the page.

There are two ways to find the cross product of two 3D vectors: with coordinate notation or with angle.
Given vectors formula_7 and formula_8, where 
formula_24
and 
formula_25
Then the cross product of formula_7 and formula_8 is: 
formula_28.
Given vectors formula_7 and formula_8, where 
formula_24
and 
formula_25
Then the cross product of formula_7 and formula_8 is: 
formula_35,
where formula_36 is the angle between formula_7 and formula_8, ‖a‖ and ‖b‖ are the magnitudes of vectors formula_2 and formula_3, and n is a unit vector perpendicular to the plane containing formula_2 and formula_3.



Knowth

Knowth is the name given to a number of passage graves, in the Boyne valley in Ireland. It consists of a bigger tumulus with two passages, and of 20 smaller ones. Of the smaller graves, 17 remain, 3 have been destroyed. Knowth is approximately 1 km west of Newgrange. It is probably older than Newgrange, which has been dated to about 3.150 BCE, but not as old as Dowth. The main tumulus is one of the biggest to be found in Ireland.

Kill switch

A kill switch, sometimes called an emergency stop, is a part of a user interface. User interfaces allow people to operate machines. The kill switch is there for security. Its purpose is to switch off the machine as quickly as possible, or to bring it into a state where it can no longer do harm. It is used in an emergency. In many ways, switching off the machine in an emergency is different from switching it off normally, as it has to avoid injury or harm at all costs.

Communist Party of Bangladesh

The Communist Party of Bangladesh (বাংলাদেশের কমিউনিস্ট পার্টি) is a Marxist-Leninist political party in Bangladesh, founded in 1968 as the Communist Party of East Pakistan.

Trial by ordeal

Trial by ordeal was a way to decide if someone was guilty or innocent of a crime. This was usually done by causing the accused person to do a painful task. If that task was completed without injury or if the injuries healed fast, this was taken as a "sign of God", which meant that the accused was innocent. People believed that God would not allow innocent people to be harmed. He would therefore help them by doing a miracle. There were three common types of Trial by Ordeal: 

Ordeals had to be watched over by a religious person, such as a priest, because each ordeal was supposed to show the judgement of God. In England, Ordeals were common up to and including the reign of Henry II, who introduced Trials by Jury.

In pre-modern society, the ordeal typically was done together with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a verdict. The term "ordeal" itself, Old English "ordǣl", has the meaning of "judgment, verdict" (German "Urteil", Dutch "oordeel"), from Proto-Germanic "*uzdailjam" "that which is dealt out".

In Europe, ordeals commonly required an accused person to test himself or herself against fire or water. How this was done varied in detail, and was different at different places and times. In England, ordeals were common under both the Anglo-Saxons and the Normans. Fire was the element typically used to test noble defendants, while water was more commonly used by lesser folk. 

Priestly cooperation in trials by fire and water was forbidden by Pope Innocent III at the Fourth Lateran Council of 1215, and replaced by compurgation. Trials by ordeal became more rare over the Late Middle Ages, often replaced by confessions extracted under torture, but the practice was discontinued only in the 16th century. Johannes Hartlieb in 1456 reports a popular superstition for how to identify a thief by an ordeal by ingestion practiced privately without judicial sanction. 

Trial by ordeal has existed in polytheistic cultures as far back as the Code of Hammurabi and the Code of Ur-Nammu, and in animist tribal societies, such as the trial by drinking "red water" (calabar bean) in Sierra Leone. There the intended effect is magical rather than calling forth justice from a god. 

Kurt von Schleicher

Kurt Ferdinand Friedrich Hermann von Schleicher (7 April 1882 ; Brandenburg an der Havel- 30 June 1934 ; Babelsburg) was chancellor of Germany in the last days of the Weimar Republic, before Adolf Hitler became Chancellor and Führer (dictator). He was also earlier known for being a general during World War I, under Paul von Hindenburg, the President of Germany whilst Schleicher was Chancellor. General Schleicher cooperated with the Nazis in the 1920s. He helped them with weapons and military training. 

He was killed as a main target during the Night of the Long Knives by the SS. Hitler justified his actions the next day by announcing that Von Schleicher and Ernst Röhm were plotting to overthrow him. His wife, Elizabeth, was also killed in the attack.

<nowiki> </nowiki>

Vienna Philharmonic

The Vienna Philharmonic (in German: die Wiener Philharmoniker) is an orchestra based in Vienna, Austria. It is thought of as one of the greatest orchestras in the world.

The orchestra play in a concert hall called the Musikverein. Before becoming a member of the Vienna Philharmonic the musicians have to work for at least three years in the opera house (the Vienna State Opera). Then they are allowed to try to become a member of the Vienna Philharmonic.

The orchestra started in 1842, when Otto Nicolai formed the "Philharmonische Academie". The members of this orchestra made all the decisions about how the orchestra should be organized, and the orchestra still works in this way today.

When Nicolai left in 1847, the orchestra nearly came to an end. They did not play very much until 1860, when Karl Anton Eckert joined as conductor. Since then, the orchestra has given concerts all the time.

From 1875 to 1898 Hans Richter was principal conductor, except for the season 1882-1883 when he had an argument with the orchestral committee. During the time Richter was conductor the orchestra gave the first performances of several very famous works, including Symphonies no 2 and 3 by Brahms and Symphony no 8 by Anton Bruckner.

Gustav Mahler was their conductor from 1898 to 1901. During this time the orchestra played abroad for the first time. They played at the 1900 Paris World Exposition. The next conductors of the orchestra were Felix Weingartner, Wilhelm Furtwängler and Clemens Krauss.
Since 1933, the orchestra has not had one main conductor, but instead it has many guest conductors who have stayed for short periods. These have included a great many of the world's best known conductors, including Richard Strauss, Arturo Toscanini, Hans Knappertsbusch, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Karl Böhm, John Barbirolli, Herbert von Karajan, Carlo Maria Giulini, Georg Solti, Erich Kleiber, James Levine, Zubin Mehta, Carlos Kleiber, Leonard Bernstein, Claudio Abbado, Riccardo Muti, Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Pierre Boulez, Lorin Maazel, Mariss Jansons, Daniel Barenboim and Valery Gergiev. Three conductors, however, gave many concerts with the orchestra during the period after World War II: Karajan and Böhm, who were made honorary conductors, and Bernstein, who was made an honorary member of the orchestra.

Since 1941 the orchestra has played the New Year's Day concert every January 1, in their concert hall Musikverein. The concert is dedicated to the music of the Strauss family composers, especially Johann Strauss II. The concert is watched on television by people all over the world.

In recent years the orchestra has been criticised because they did not allow women to become full members of the orchestra. This is now gradually starting to change. They were also criticised for racism because they only took people who were white. In 2001 they appointed a violinist who was half-Asian.







Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra

The Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra (in German: Gewandhausorchester Leipzig or just Gewandhausorchester) is a famous German orchestra based in Leipzig, Germany. It is named after the concert hall in which it is based, the Gewandhaus (pronounce: “Ge-VANT-house”). The word “Gewandhaus” means "Textiles Hall". It is a hall that originally was used for people to buy and sell textiles.

The beginnings of the orchestra go back to 1743, when a society called the "Grosses Concert" began performing in private homes. In 1744 the "Grosses Concert" moved its concerts to the "Three Swans" Tavern. Their concerts continued there for 36 years. Gradually more and more people started to complain about the noise and the behaviour in the tavern, so in 1780 the mayor and city council of Leipzig offered to let the orchestra use part of the Gewandhaus, the building where the merchants were selling textiles. The orchestra gave its first concert in the Gewandhaus in 1781. It is the oldest orchestra in Germany, apart from private orchestras who belonged to rich people.

In 1835 the great composer Felix Mendelssohn became the orchestra's main conductor (music director). He was called the "Gewandhauskapellmeister". He kept this position, apart from one year, until his death in 1847. In 1885, the orchestra moved into a new hall which was given the same name. This was destroyed by bombing in World War II in 1944. The present Gewandhaus is the third building with the name. It was opened in 1981.

The orchestra gives concerts in Leipzig and all over the world, and makes many recordings. They also play at the Thomaskirche, the church where Johann Sebastian Bach used to work, and as the official opera orchestra of the Leipzig Opera.

Later principal conductors included Arthur Nikisch, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Bruno Walter, and Václav Neumann. From 1970 to 1996, Kurt Masur was Gewandhauskapellmeister. From 1998 to 2005 their conductor was Herbert Blomstedt. 

In 2005, Riccardo Chailly took over as both Gewandhauskapellmeister and music director of the Leipzig Opera. They have released recordings on the Decca label of Felix Mendelssohn, Johannes Brahms, and the Robert Schumann symphonies in the re-orchestrations by Gustav Mahler.



Troll (internet)

A troll is someone who tries to make people angry by saying things on the Internet. The purpose is to excite strong emotion in an online community. This is to get a reaction from other online users, or to cause problems. In social networks platforms, a troll is a user who make inflammatory or inappropriate comments for the sole purpose of upsetting other users and provoking a response. If someone acts like a troll, this is called trolling.
Sometimes trolling can get a user banned from a website or platform as it can be disruptive. Some users do it to be humorous when they know others will be angry. The best solution is to ignore trolls and to not give them the attention they want. This has become known as "don't feed the trolls".

In October 2012, the internet news site Gawker, publicly revealed the name of an internet troll who had called himself "Violentacrez". Michael Brutcsh had collected photos of young girls from Facebook, often in bikinis or short skirts, and them posted them on the site Reddit. He also posted photos of women, taken without their permission, which focused on their breasts or bottoms. His actions made many people very angry. Brutsch said he was an internet troll because "...I just like riling people up in my spare time."

There are a lot of efforts to detect and ban trolls on social network platforms such as "TrollSpot" in which Li a user of the website and other members of the team whom are also users of the social media website use machine learning techniques or what is known as a computer robot to propose a wide approach to detect trolls.

The "Trollface" is an image that is occasionally used to indicate trolling in Internet culture.

The term "troll" is subjective, meaning that it depends on interpretation. Trolling usually involves joking around to mess up other people or communities. 

Sometimes, people may think a certain post is considered trolling, while others claim it is constructive, no matter how controversial this post is. Some strong acts of trolling involve harassment, but some acts of trolling are considered funny off-topic jokes. 

The term "Internet troll" has also been applied to information warfare (competition for winning fame by taking advantage of the internet), hate speech, and even political activism.

According to Dr. Ashley Anderson from the University of Wisconsin-Madison Trolling, or "Uncivil commentary" has the ability to strengthen the opinions of those who either are skeptical or supportive of a topic. The research also found that supportive commentary had no effect. 

Santalales

Santalales is an order of flowering plants. It has eight families, 151 genera, and about 1,000 species. All the families in Santalales are parasitic to some degree. They attach either to the roots or branches of their hosts.

Mistletoe is the common name for some of the parasitic plants in the order.

Chivalry

Chivalry is a word from Old French in medieval times when it meant the use of a horse, thus cavalry and knighthood. Later, it meant the qualities of honour and love. Today, the terms "chivalry" and "chivalrous" are used to describe courteous behavior, especially that of men towards women.

Cross-cultural comparison

Digraph (orthography)

A digraph (from the , "dís", 'double' and γράφω, "gráphō", 'write'), also known as a bigraph, digram or bigram, is a string of two letters where the number of written characters does not match the number of sounds that are spoken. In other words, two graphemes (units of writing, or letters) are used to represent one phoneme (distinct sound). For example, since there are no single letters in English alphabet to represent the sounds /ʃ/, /tʃ/, and /θ/, English uses a string of two letters to represent the sounds in the same order "sh", "ch", and "th." While other sounds such as /f/ and /w/ already have letters that correspond to the sounds, "f" and "w", digraphs "ph" and "wh" are used in some words to show their etymologies (origins of words) rather than their current pronunciation.



Nje

The Cyrillic letter nje (Њ, њ) is a something like a combination of Н and Ь. It is used in Macedonian and Serbian and pronounced like Spanish ñ in "señor" (cf. Polish ń, Czech and Slovak ň). Like Љ, Nje has been created by Vuk Karadžić. It also takes the form of Нь.

Politika

Politika (sr. Политика) is a daily newspaper that is very popular in Serbia. It is the longest-published newspaper in this country. It is over one hundred years old (established in 1904). This newspaper costs around 30 Dinars in Serbia. Its founder is Vladislav Ribnikar. 


Bože Pravde

"Bože pravde" ; ; "God of Justice") is the national anthem of Serbia, enshrined in Article 7 of the Constitution. It has been around since the 19th century; the music was composed by Slovene musician Davorin Jenko (Davorin Yenko) and the lyrics were written by Jovan Đorđević (Yovan Gyorgyevich) in 1872. Ten years later, it was first adopted when the Kingdom of Serbia was formed, which then lasted until 1919, a year after the Kingdom of Yugoslavia (then known as the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes) was formed. It was fully relinquished in 1945 and was replaced by "Hej, Slaveni!".
Shortly after Serbia and Montenegro split, "Bože pravde" was readopted in November 2006.


Sremska Mitrovica

Sremska Mitrovica is a city in the Vojvodina province of Serbia. Today, about 39.000 people live in the city, about 85.000 in its urban area. The city has a long history going back to the Romans. Many Roman emperors were born in or around the city.

Mitrovica

"Mitrovica is a term which can apply with to cities in Serbia:"


Troll

A Troll is a Nordic mythological creature, may be: elves, dwarves, or monsters. Is a usually a giant that lives in caverns or undergrounds. It is also a well known internet meme.

They are quite short in stature and are violent in nature as their name suggests. Their appearance is similar to that of a goblin. They tend to live in caves and under bridges. Some say they are huge others say they're dwarves. These monsters live under bridges, in burrows underground or in caves. They rarely leave their lairs during the day because sunlight turns them into stone. Water trolls are agile in water but clumsy on land. But they all have strong teeth and jaws.

Gallery of trolls as imagined by various Nordic artists.

Dinornis

Dinornis is an extinct genus of ratite birds. They are ostrich-like birds of gigantic size, known as Moa. They were unique to New Zealand. The genus has five species:

"D. novaezealandiae" 
"D. giganteus" <br>
"D. struthoides"<br>
"Dinornis" new lineage A 
"Dinornis" new lineage B <br>


Troll (disambiguation)

Troll can mean:


Moscow Symphony Orchestra

The Moscow Symphony Orchestra is an orchestra based in Moscow, Russia. It was started in 1989. It was the first orchestra that was started in modern Russia with private money, not with money from the government. The orchestra have played under famous Russian conductors and with famous soloists, including Yuri Bashmet and Vadim Repin.

The orchestra's main conductor is Vladimir Ziva, and its main guest conductor is Ignat Solzhenitsyn. The Orchestra have given concerts in United States, Japan, South Korea and Western Europe.


Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra

The Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra is an orchestra based in Saint Petersburg in Russia. It is the oldest orchestra in Russia. It has had several changes of name because of the way that Russia has often changed.

The orchestra started in 1882. It was then called the "Imperial Music Choir". It was the orchestra that belonged to the emperor and it played privately for the court of Alexander III of Russia. 

By the 1900s it had started to give public performances. Richard Strauss conducted the orchestra in 1912.

After the Russian Revolution the country no longer had a tsar. The town of Saint Petersburg changed its name to Petrograd, so the orchestra's name changed to "State Philharmonic Orchestra of Petrograd". In the 1920s the orchestra began to get money from the state. It was an excellent orchestra and was famous abroad. Guest conductors who conducted the orchestra included Bruno Walter, Ernest Ansermet and Hans Knappertsbusch at this time. Around this time the orchestra changed its name to Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra, because the city had changed its name again, this time to "Leningrad".

Evgeny Mravinsky conducted the orchestra for 50 years. They were not allowed to travel abroad, so they were only known outside Russia (the USSR) by their gramophone recordings. Symphony no 8 by Shostakovich was one famous work of which they gave the first performance.

By 1991 Leningrad had changed its name again to Saint Petersburg, so the orchestra was renamed Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra. It is an internationally well-known orchestra. Their conductor today is Yuri Temirkanov.



Rob Tapert

Robert Gerard Tapert (born 14 May 1955) is an American movie producer. He produced "", "", "" and "Legend of the Seeker", all filmed in Auckland, New Zealand. Tapert's partner is Sam Raimi. 

Tapert married Lucy Lawless on 28 March 1998. Together they have two sons, Julius Robert Bay Tapert (born 16 October 1999) and Judah Miro Tapert (born 7 May 2002). Tapert is stepdad to Lawless' daughter from a previous marriage, Daisy Lawless (born 15 July 1988).

Mouthpiece

Mouthpiece might mean:


NHK Symphony Orchestra

Nippon Hōsō Kyōkai
The NHK Symphony Orchestra is a Japanese orchestra based in Tokyo, Japan. In Japanese it is written: NHK交響楽団, pronounced: Enueichikei Kōkyō Gakudan. When the orchestra was started in 1926 it was called "New Symphony Orchestra". It was the first large professional orchestra in Japan. Later, it changed its name to "Japan Symphony Orchestra". In 1951 it started to get money from the Japanese radio station NHK (Nippon Hōsō Kyōkai), so it changed its name again to the name it has now. It is thought of as the best orchestra in Japan. They have played in many parts of the world, including at the BBC Proms in London.

Vladimir Ashkenazy is the orchestra's main conductor (music director) and Charles Dutoit is music director emeritus. Wolfgang Sawallisch is honorary conductor laureate.




Israel Philharmonic Orchestra

The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra in Tel Aviv is the most famous orchestra in Israel. It is usually called the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, or abbreviated IPO. In Hebrew it is written: , pronounced: "ha-Tizmoret ha-Filharmonit ha-Yisre'elit". It was started in 1936 by the violinist Bronisław Huberman when it was known as the Palestine Orchestra. At this time the Nazis were in power in Germany and Jews were being persecuted. Many European orchestras were getting rid of their Jewish musicians. The orchestra gave their first concert in Tel Aviv on 26 December 1936, and was conducted by Arturo Toscanini.

The orchestra tours to many parts of the world. In 1971 they visited Germany. Some of the world's greatest conductors have conducted the orchestra. Leonard Bernstein and Zubin Mehta in particular have had a close relationship with them. They did not have a main conductor until 1977 when Mehta was made Music Director. 
The IPO have made many recordings with Mehta, and also with Bernstein.

After 1938 the orchestra have refused to play the music of Richard Wagner because he was anti-Jewish.

Until 1977 the orchestra had no Music Directors. The conductors most closely associated with the orchestra were called "musical advisors".


Metropolitan Opera

The Metropolitan Opera Association is a big organization in New York City which puts on performances of opera. The Metropolitan Opera House (often simply called: The Met) is one of the most famous opera houses in the world. It was started in 1880. Today the music director is Yannick Nézet-Séguin.


Mouthpiece (woodwind)

The mouthpiece of a woodwind instrument is the part which the player blows into.

On single-reed instruments like a clarinet or saxophone the mouthpiece is shaped like a wedge. The reed is placed near the player's bottom lip. This area is called the "table". When the player blows, the reed vibrates. This is then made louder by the instrument.

The shape of the inside of the mouthpiece can change the sound very much. The sound made by a mouthpiece that is large and round will be very different from the sound made by a mouthpiece that is small and square.

The space between the end of the reed and the end of the mouthpiece is called the "tip opening".

The "facing" (or "lay") is the part of the reed that starts to curve around the end of the mouthpiece. The length of the facing can change the response of the instrument.

The ligature is what holds the reed onto the mouthpiece. Anything that can hold the reed onto the mouthpiece can be called a ligature. Most ligatures are made from metal or plastic. Some people like to use ordinary string to hold the reed onto the mouthpiece.


Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar

The Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar (Simón Bolívar Symphony Orchestra) is a youth orchestra from Venezuela. The musicians are nearly all in their 20s. The orchestra was started by the economist José Antonio Abreu in 1975. Children from poor backgrounds had been given the opportunity, by the Venezuelan government, to learn a musical instrument. The orchestra consists of some of the best of these players.

The conductor Gustavo Dudamel has been the orchestra's artistic director since 1999. They have made recordings of music by Beethoven as well as Latin American music.

They became internationally famous when they played at the BBC Proms in London in August 2007.


European Union Youth Orchestra

The European Union Youth Orchestra (EUYO) is an orchestra for young people from countries in the European Union. The orchestra is given money by the European Union and by a number of EU member states. It gives young players experience at working together with some of the world's best music teachers and conductors.

The orchestra was started in 1978. Some of the greatest conductors have worked with the EUYO, including Herbert von Karajan, Vladimir Ashkenazy and Claudio Abbado.


Wiener schnitzel

Wiener Schnitzel ("Viennese schnitzel" in German, where "Schnitzel" means a without bones) is a traditional Austrian dish and is a popular part of Viennese and Austrian cuisine, consisting of a thin slice of veal coated in breadcrumbs and fried. 
In Austria the dish is traditionally served with a lemon slice, lingonberry jam and either potato salad or potatoes with parsley and butter. While the traditional Wiener Schnitzel is made of veal, it is now sometimes made of pork, though in that case it is often called "Schnitzel Wiener Art" (Germany) (Viennese style schnitzel) or "Wiener Schnitzel vom Schwein" (Austria) (Viennese schnitzel from the pig) to differentiate it from the original. In Austria, the term "Wiener Schnitzel" is protected by law, and any schnitzel called by that name has to be made from veal.
The dish may have originated in Milan, northern Italy, as "cotoletta alla milanese", and may have appeared in Vienna during the 15th or 16th century. According to another theory, it was introduced in 1857 by Field Marshal Radetzky, who spent much of his life in Milan. The term "Wiener Schnitzel" itself dates to at least 1862.

Schnitzel is often mistaken for sausage in the modern American society. What many Americans do not realize about schnitzel is that its part of the melting pot of American cultures. For example, German immigrants to Texas in the 1800s combined schnitzel recipes to make chicken fried steak -- popular in the southwest U.S.A.. Chicken tenders are similar to Schnitzel as well.

Even Israel has its own type of schnitzel. Areas with large German populations like Argentina also carry schnitzel.

Even though schnitzel is often served as a platter, it comes in sandwiches as well. If it's a platter, it usually comes with "Spätzle" -- German egg noodles.

Gel

A gel is a semi-solid substance material which usually wobbles.

By weight, gels are mostly liquid. But gels also behave like solids. They have a three-dimensional cross-linked network within the liquid. It is the crosslinks in the fluid that give a gel its structure. 

As colloids, gels are a dispersion of molecules of a liquid within a solid. In a gel, the solid is the continuous phase; the liquid is the discontinuous phase.

Examples: Jellies, agar, contact lenses, organic slime.

Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa

Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa is a Spanish mission. It was founded by Father Junipero Serra in 1772. It is on the central coast of California, halfway between San Diego and Monterey. It was named after Saint Louis, the bishop of Toulouse. It was the fifth of twenty-one missions in California. Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa is noted for its beautiful architectural features, mission life, and historical events.

Mission San Luis Obispo is different from all the other' missions' because it is one of the smallest and has a unique design. The design has both belfry (a bell tower) and a vestibule, which is an entrance hall between the outer door and the interior of a building. These are not found on any of the other California missions. The main nave (the long entrance part of the church) is long and narrow. At San Luis Obispo there is a secondary nave that is the same size and at the right of the altar. This is the only "L"-shaped mission church. Windows around the courtyard have round pillars with square opening, unlike the arches of other missions. San Luis Obispo is painted white and is surrounded by gardens, wine vineyards, and a fountain.

Mission life was hard for the California Indians because they had to work hard and study Catholic Religon.

Women had to cook, sew, garden, and make candles and soap. Men had to farm and care for the animals while the older people had to fish and make arrows. The children attended church every day to study Catholicism. When their studies were done they would work hard helping their families. The Spanish introduced the gun to the Chumash. The Hupa were grateful for the Spaniard guns as they depended on them for hunting bears for food. The Chumash helped these Spaniards build the missions and take care of it and its surrounding
Other hostile Indians attacked San Luis Obispo on three separate occasions before 1774. During the attack, the thatched roofs of the mission buildings were set afire by blazing arrows. In May 1807, the mission was designated as one of six in which the California priests could make their annual retreats for spiritual exercises. Following Mexico's war against Spain in 1810, all the California missions were forced to contribute food and clothing to the army. In 1830, the bell tower was destroyed in an earthquake, but was later rebuilt with stone.

Today, the mission serves as a parish church of the diocese of Monterey.




You Nazty Spy!

You Nazty Spy! is the 44th short movie by The Three Stooges. It was the first Hollywood movie to make fun of Adolf Hitler. In the movie, Germany is replaced by the pretend country of Moronica and the Hitler-type character is called Moe Hailstone, and is played by Stooge Moe Howard. This made Howard the first US actor to play Hitler.

It was directed by Jules White.

Mačvanska Mitrovica

Mačvanska Mitrovica (Мачванска Митровица) is a town located in the Sremska Mitrovica province, in the Srem, province of Serbia. It is in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. In the town are around all population: Serbs ethnic and its population numbering 3,896 people (according to the census 2002).

Troll (movie)

Troll is a 1986 horror movie. It has no relation to the movies "Troll 2" and "Troll 3".

Troll 2

Troll 2 is a 1990 horror comedy movie, directed by Claudio Fragasso, under the pseudonym Drake Floyd. During production, the movie was known as Goblins, and some foreign releases of the movie were labeled as such, but upon release in the United States, the title was changed to "Troll 2" in an attempt to help sell the movie by connecting it to an established horror movie, the 1986 Empire Pictures movie "Troll". The two movies, however, have no connection apart from the title. In fact, despite the title, no actual trolls appear in "Troll 2".

This movie has a sequel, "Troll 3".

Boris Tadić

Boris Tadić (; born on January 15, 1958 63 in Sarajevo) is a former president of Serbia. He is involved in psychology and he is also the current president of the Democratic Party (Serbia). Tadić was elected for president on June 27, 2004 with a five-year term of office. On July 11, 2004 he passed the oath of president. Second five-year mandate he received by winning on the president elections on February 3, 2008. Before applying for president of Serbia, he was a Minister of Telecommunications in Yugoslav government and a minister of defense in Serbo-Montenegrin's government.

.gu

.gu is the Internet abbreviation of country (top-level domain) (ccTLD) for Guam.

Swindon Town F.C.

Swindon Town F.C. are an English football club. They are based in Swindon and play in Football League One. They play their home games at the County Ground.

County Ground

The County Ground is an association football stadium. It is the home stadium of Swindon Town F.C.

Coscoroba swan

The coscoroba swan ("Coscoroba coscoroba") is a distant relative of the true swan. Many specialists merge this genus, "Coscoroba", with ducks, like whistling ducks. The coscoroba swan is found in South America from southern Chile and central Argentina south to Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands.

Recent genetic studies have found a relationship between this species and Cape Barren goose ("Cereopsis novaehollandiae"). They are sister groups.


Pitchfork Media

Pitchfork Media is a daily music webzine. It is based in Chicago, United States. Its focus is on independent music, especially indie rock.

Pitchfork was made in 1995. It talks about new music, but journalists there also review albums that have been released again.

Each year Pitchfork chooses an Album of the Year. Since 2003 they have chose a Track of the Year each year too.

Ultratop

Ultratop is the name of the official Belgian record charts. Due to the two different regions (Flanders and Wallonia) there are two different record charts. In Flanders the most important charts are the "Ultratop 50 Singles" and the "Ultratop 200 Albums". In Wallonia the most important charts are the "Ultratop 40 Singles" and the "Ultratop 200 Albums". The rankings in these charts are based on record sales.

Paste (magazine)

Paste is a monthly music and entertainment magazine. It is published in the United States.

In 2005, "Paste" was listed at #21 on The Chicago Tribune's list of "50 Best Magazines". "Paste" appeared on that newspaper's list again in 2007. "Paste" was also named "Magazine of the Year" by the PLUG Independent Music Awards in 2006, 2007 and 2008. In 2008, "Paste" was nominated for a National Magazine Award in the category of General .

Tambourine

The tambourine is a common percussion instrument. 

The tambourine looks like a small hand-held drum. But in addition to the skin (drumhead) there are also small pairs of jingles - like tiny cymbals - in slots around the frame. However, tambourines come in many types. Some are made without a skin, particularly for use in schools. The tambourine came to Europe through the Arabs who brought it to Italy and Spain.

The tambourine is usually held in the hand. The jingles can be made to sound by hitting the frame of the instrument with the other hand, or by shaking the instrument. Often the player will hold the instrument high in the air. This not only looks good, but it can also be heard well. The other hand can tap rhythms on the skin which makes it sound like a drum as well as making the jingles sound. It can be hit by the knuckles, or with the finger tips, or the flat of the hand or the back of the hand. It can also be hit against the side of the leg. A good player with a good tambourine can sometimes create a nice effect with a "thumb roll". This is done by making the tip of the thumb slightly wet and then moving it fast along the edge of the skin so that the thumb bounces very fast.

It is also possible to put the instrument, with the head up, on the player's lap or on a table or chair, and play with the fingers or with drumsticks.

When a tambourine is used in an orchestra it is usually just one tambourine, although Berlioz asked for two tambourines in his overture "Le carnaval romain". It is very often used in music which sounds Italian or Spanish. It nearly always makes music sound very lively, for example in the second movement of Prokofiev's First Violin Concerto.


Tachyon

A tachyon is any hypothetical particle that can travel faster than the speed of light. 

Most scientists do not believe that tachyons exist. Einstein's theory of special relativity states that nothing can accelerate faster than the speed of light, while tachyons are theorized to be constantly traveling faster than the speed of light. If a tachyon did exist, it would have an imaginary number as its mass.

E. C. G. Sudarshan, V.K Deshpande and Baidyanath Misra were the first to propose the existence of particles faster than light and named them "meta-particles". After that the possibility of particles moving faster than light was also proposed by Robert Ehrlich and Arnold Sommerfeld, independently of each other. Lately, Similar concept was coined with the term "tachyon" by in 1967.

In September 2011, it was reported that a tau neutrino had traveled faster than the speed of light in a major release by CERN; however, later updates from CERN on the OPERA project indicate that the faster-than-light readings were resultant from "a faulty element of the experiment's fibre optic timing system".

In modern physics the term "tachyon" often refers to imaginary mass fields rather than to faster-than-light particles. The idea of those mass fields, comes in part from Quantum field theory, and Classical field theory.

Imaginary mass fields fields have come to play an important role in modern physics.

Kenny Ortega

Kenneth John "Kenny" Ortega (born April 18, 1950) is an American producer, director, and choreographer. He was the director of all the "High School Musical" movies.

Gelatin

Gelatin is a protein substance that comes from collagen. Collagen is a natural protein found in the tendons, ligaments, and tissues of mammals as well as fish. Gelatin has no smell, no taste, and is either colorless or light yellow. It can be found in sheets, flakes, or as a powder. It can be dissolved in water, but not in alcohol. 

It is made by boiling the connective tissues, bones and skins of animals, usually cows and pigs. Once the boiling is done, the collagen will cool and make a jelly. As a food, gelatin is used to make jellied desserts; used in the preservation of fruit and meat, and to make powdered milk. Gelatin can also be used as glue for matches or for paper money. You can also find it used as the syrup in medicine, also known as medicine emulsions. Gelatin is also found in some makeup.

Gelatin is classed as a liquid when above room temperature but reverts to a solid if below room temperature. 

Because gelatin comes from animals, vegetarians and vegans do not eat or use products that have gelatin added. Some religious or cultural groups also do not eat gelatin because of the animals used to make it. For example, people that keep kosher or halal will not eat gelatin because it is often made from cows. Alternatives to gelatin are products like agar or carrageenan which comes from seaweed or pectin which comes from plants. 

Christian naturism

Naturist Christians are the Christians who practice naturism or nudism, and are a part of the clothes-free movement. They believe that the human body was the greatest making of God. It is not shameful and should not be covered. Naturist Christians can be found in almost all of the different groups of Christianity, called "denominations". They do not find any conflict with the teachings of the Bible, and living their lives and worshiping God without any clothing. However, most have various differences with New Age and man-centered philosophy (called "humanism") which is common among other naturists and wish to be separated from it. This includes not worshiping nature at all.

In the Book of Genesis, Adam and Eve were living in the Garden of Eden as 'man and wife' . They ate the fruit not allowed by God, after being talked into it by the devil in the form of a snake. Then their eyes were opened, and they knew that they were naked. So, they gathered fig leaves to be used as simple clothing to cover their sexual organs. These became lacking very quickly, and Adam and Eve hid themselves from God in the trees.


Lake Eyre

Lake Eyre (pronounced "air") is the lowest point in Australia, at about below sea level. When it fills with water, it is the largest lake in Australia, being long and wide. It is also in the driest part of Australia, getting only about of rain each year. It is in the north of South Australia, about north of Adelaide. The lake was named after the explorer, Edward Eyre, who was the first Europen to see it in 1840. It is the centre of the Lake Eyre National Park.

Lake Eyre is in the driest desert region of central Australia. It is a large endorheic lake system, which means that the water flows in, but does not flow out. As the water evaporates, the lake dries up leaving a dry salt lake. The lake does not usually completely dry up, there is often water in small areas on the lake surface. The rate that the water dries up is per year, that is about 20 times more than the rainfall in the area.

During the wet season the rivers from Queensland flow towards the lake through the Channel Country. These rivers drain about one sixth of Australia, an area the size of Spain. How much water reaches the lake depends on how rain falls in Queensland. Since 1885 the lake has filled in 1886/1887, 1889/1890, 1916/1917, 1950, 1955 and 1974-1976. In 1974 Lake Eyre was deep. Local rain filled Lake Eyre to in 1984 and 1989. Very heavy rain in January 2007 took about six weeks to reach the lake but put only a small amount of water into it. In February 2009, water from flooding rains in Queensland were flowing along the creeks to the lake covering about 40 km per day. The lake fills to about every three years, to , every ten years, and fills up about four times every 100 years.

When Lake Eyre is full, the water is almost fresh and native fresh water fish can live in it. The lake becomes saltier as the salt crust dissolves over six months. This kills millions of fish. When about 4m deep the Lake is as salty as the sea. It becomes more salty as the water evaporates. At about 500mm depth the Lake becomes a "pink" color because of a beta-carotene pigment made by the algae "Dunaliella salina".

Beaches made by wave action suggest that during the Medieval Warm Period Lake Eyre possibly held "permanent water" at levels above those of 1974.

The local Aboriginal people, the Arabunna people, have stories that explain the creation of Lake Eyre. These stories are part of their sacred traditions, and are only told to initiated people.

Fresh water fish found in the full lake include boney bream ("Nematolosa erebi"), the Lake Eyre Basin sub-species of golden perch ("Macquaria ambigua") and various small hardyhead species ("Craterocephalus spp"). The Lake Eyre hardyhead, can live in water up to 15 times saltier than the ocean.

When there is water more than 8 million birds, from more than 60 different species, flock to the lake. The pelicans are usually the first to arrive, followed by silver gulls, hoary headed grebes, Australasian grebes, cormorants, ducks, banded stilts, kites, falcons and wedge tailed eagles. Scientists still do not know how the birds know when the lake holds water.

There is also a lizard, the Lake Eyre Dragon, Ctenophorus maculosus, that lives in the cool mud below the salt crust of the lake.

The "Lake Eyre Yacht Club" is a small group of people who sail on the lake's floods, including recent trips in 1997, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2007 and 2009. A number of 6 m Trailer Sailers sailed on Lake Eyre in 1975, 1976 and 1984 when the flood depth reached 3–6 m.

The salt crust on the lake is not thick and can break like glass under a person's weight. At Level Post Bay, the crust is more than one metre thick, and because of its flat surface it has been the site for various land speed record attempts. In 1964, British driver, Sir Donald Campbell, set a new record of , in the "Bluebird-Proteus CN7".



Castanets

Castanets are percussion instruments which come from Spain. They are often used in an orchestra. Castanets are hollowed-out wooden shells. A hardwood such as ebony or rosewood is used.

Castanets are used in pairs. Traditionally two pairs are played together, one pair held in each hand. There is a string which passes through small holes in the shells. The player winds the string around the thumb and finger so that the two shells can be clicked together. The two pairs of castanets used are slightly different sizes so that they make a slightly different pitch. The higher pair, known as "hembra" (female), is usually held in the right hand, with the larger "macho" (male) pair held in the left.

Castanets are traditionally played by singers and dancers. Spanish folk dancers often use castanets. They are often associated with flamenco dancing.

When they are played in an orchestra they are often attached to a stand. The technique of playing is therefore different. They can be tapped by the fingers and palm of the hand. They are often used in music which is supposed to sound Spanish. In ballet and opera they are used to accompany Spanish dances. Carmen, the character in Bizet's opera "Carmen", sings a song and accompanies herself on the castanets. Usually the opera singer does not have the skill to play them, so the castanets are played by a percussion player in the orchestra while Carmen pretends to be playing them.

The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Musical Instruments, Könemann; 

Peravia Province

Peravia is a province in along the southern coast of the Dominican Republic. The capital city is Baní.

The province was created in 1944 with the name of "Baní Province", with the municipal district of Nizao, but that same year the name was changed to "José Trujillo Valdez Province" after the father of dictator Rafael Trujillo. In 1961, the name of the province was changed to the present Peravia. In 1988, Nizao became a municipality in the province.

Matanzas, Villa Fundación and Sabana Buey became municipal districts in 1991; Pizarrete en 1997; Santana and Paya in 1998; Villa Saombrero and El Carretón in 2001; Catalina in 2004; and El Limonal and Las Barías in 2006.

In 2000, the province was divided in two parts and the province of San José de Ocoa was formed with the northern part.

The Peravia province is bordered to the north by the San José de Ocoa province, to the east by the San Cristóbal province, to west by the Azua province and to the south by the Caribbean Sea.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Peravia province, and 125,534 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 16th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 192,660 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Baní, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 72,466 inhabitants.

The Peravia province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 29th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The province is along the Caribbean coast, in the eastern part of the "Llano Costero del Caribe" ("Caribbean Coastal Plain"). There are several small valleys in the southern part of the province, surrounded by the north and west by mountains of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range").

The altitude of Baní, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The most important rivers in the province are the Nizao and Ocoa rivers.

The climate of the province is tropical dry climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains. It is very dry in the savannas and plains, with long droughts.

There are two municipalities and 11 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity in the province is farming, growing fruits (like mangos) and vegetables (tomatoes and onions). Fishing and salt production is also important along the Caribbean Sea and there are some factories in Baní.

Puerto Plata Province

The Puerto Plata Province is one of the northern provinces of the Dominican Republic. The province is a popular tourist attraction since the late 1990s because there are many fine beaches.

Its capital is the city of San Felipe de Puerto Plata.

The province is named after its capital city, Puerto Plata. 
When Christopher Columbus visited the northern coast of the Hispaniola island for the first time, on 11 January 1493, he saw a mountain with clouds on its top and he gave it the name of "Monte de Plata" ("Mountain of Silver"). The town that was founded on the foot of that mountain was called "Puerto de Plata" ("Port of Silver"); the name was changed later to just "Puerto Plata".

The first European town, La Isabela, was founded by Columbus in January 1493 by Columbus near the city of Puerto Plata; the city of Puerto Plata was founded in 1502.

In 1605, the towns of Puerto Plata along with Monte Cristi, Bayajá and La Yaguana were destroyed by the governor, Antonio de Osorio. All the people living in those towns had to move to places closer to the capital due to the amount of illegal trade happening in these towns. These towns formed what are now Monte Plata and Bayaguana.

It was created as a Maritime District (a special administrative category similar to a province and that has been abandoned) in 1865. It was part of the Santiago province before being elevated to the category of province. The 1907 Dominican Constitution changed its status to province with the municipalities of Puerto Plata, Altamira, Blanco and Bajabonico.

In 1959, Puerto Plata was confirmed as a province with the municipalities of Puerto Plata, Altamira, Imbert and Luperón, and the municipal district of Sosúa; its capital was San Felipe de Puerto Plata.

In 1978, Sosúa and Los Hidalgos were made municipalities of the province. In 1989, Villa Isabela became a municipality, Guananico in 1992 and Villa Montellano in 2006.

La Isabela and Estero Hondo became municipal districts in 1998; Belloso, Cabarete and Sabaneta de Yásica in 2002; La Jaiba in 2003; Yásica Arriba in 2005; Maimón, Río Grande and Estrecho de Luperón - Omar Bross in 2006; and Gualete in 2007.

The Puerto Plata province is along the northern coast of the island. To the north, it has the Atlantic Ocean; to the east, the Espaillat province; to the south, the Santiago and Valverde provinces; and to the west, the Monte Cristi province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Puerto Plata province, and 187,767 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 6th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 329,482 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Felipe de Puerto Plata, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 118,496 inhabitants.

Most of the population is composed of blacks and mulattoes.

The Puerto Plata province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 10th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The "Cordillera Septentrional" ("Northern mountain range") runs along the southern half of the province. Another mountain range is "Sierra Atravesada" that goes from the Cordillera Septentrional to the coast. The mountain "Isabel de Torres" (the "Monte de Plata" of Columbus) is close to the city of San Felipe de Puerto Plata.

Because the Cordillera Septentrional is close to the coast, rivers in this province are short. The most important rivers are Bajabonico, Yásica and Camú del Norte.

The altitude of San Felipe de Puerto Plata, provincial capital, is above sea level.

There are nine municipalities and 12 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

There are several important economic activities in the province, like tourism along the coast, farming and industry (like food products and rum).

Santo Domingo Province

Santo Domingo is a Dominican province. It is in the southern part of the country, on the Caribbean coast. Its capital city is Santo Domingo Este.

The Santo Domingo province is named after the city of Santo Domingo, which has been always the capital city of the country.

The province was created on 16 October 2001. It was part of the Distrito Nacional ("National District") before being elevated to the category of province with most of the territory of the old Distrito Nacional.

The new province had the municipalities of Santo Domingo Este, Santo Domingo Oeste, Santo Domingo Norte and Boca Chica. San Antonio de Guerra became a municipality in 2004, and Pedro Brand and Los Alcarrizos in 2005.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:


The Santo Domingo province is bordered to the north by the province of Monte Plata, to the east by the San Pedro de Macorís province, to the south by the Caribbean Sea and to the west by San Cristóbal.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Santo Domingo province, and 2,084,651 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 1st (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 2,702,028 inhabitants.

The largest urban area of the province is Santo Domingo Este, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 851,853 inhabitants.

The Santo Domingo province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 16th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, Santo Domingo Este, is above sea level.

The Santo Domingo province is in the "Llano Costero del Caribe" ("Caribbean Coastal Plain"), a large plain in southeastern Dominican Republic. There are not mountains in the province, only some low hills.

The most important rivers are Haina, that makes the western border of the province, and the Ozama with its tributary La Isabela and that separates the province from the Distrito Nacional.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 7 municipalities and 8 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

It is the province of highest economic activity in the country, with many industries and companies in its territory.

Tourism is an important activity in Boca Chica because there is a beach with white sand.

Vibraphone

The vibraphone is a percussion instrument. It looks like a xylophone but the bars are made of aluminium instead of wood. Like the xylophone, the bars are arranged in a similar way to a piano keyboard so that tunes can be played. An alternate form is the 6-plus-6-system, where each row has the bars in a whole-tone distance and both rows are in a half-tone distance. The player uses mallets (beaters), either one or two in each hand. There are tubes underneath each bar. These are called "resonators". They make the sound louder. There is also an electric motor which can be switched on by a pedal. This makes fans go round and round in the ventilators and makes a very strong, vibrating sound. This is why the instrument has its name. Sometimes people call a vibraphone vibes.

Vibraphones were first made in the United States in 1921.

The mallets are beaters with a rubber ball at the end. Yarn or a hard cord is wound tightly round these balls. Vibraphone mallets are usually slightly harder than the ones ones used for the marimba. They usually consist of a rubber ball core wrapped in yarn or cord and attached to a narrow dowel, most commonly made of rattan or birch (other materials, such as nylon, are sometimes used). Mallets suitable for the vibraphone are also generally suitable for the marimba. There are different ways of holding them. A common way is to hold them between the thumb and index finger, using the other fingers to help control the sticks. Playing with four mallets is harder, but allows the player to play harmony (chord with four notes).

Sometimes special techniques are used such as "pitch bending". This is done by sliding one of the mallets along a bar in a special way. Occasionally players are asked to use a bow such as cello or double bass bow, and bow across the edge of a bar.

The vibraphone is used in the orchestra in Alban Berg's opera "Lulu". It is also used in works by Olivier Messiaen, Leonard Bernstein, Benjamin Britten and Vaughan Williams (opening of Symphony no 8). Vibraphones are commonly heard in jazz, especially in combos.


The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Musical Instruments, Könemann; 

Simon Doull

Simon Blair Doull (born 6 August 1969 in Pukekohe, Auckland) is a New Zealand radio personality, commentator and former international cricketer. 

He was a right arm medium pace swing bowler. He played in 32 Test matches and 42 one-day internationals for the New Zealand national cricket team. Doull took his career best bowling figures of seven for 65 in the Boxing Day Test in 1998 against India at the Basin Reserve in Wellington. Due to that performance, he reached a career-high ranking of 6 in the ICC Player Rankings on December 26, 1998.

Oberlungwitz

Oberlungwitz is a town in the rural district Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. It is about northeast of the city of Zwickau and about in the west of Chemnitz.

Waldenburg, Saxony

Waldenburg is a town in the rural district Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. It is near Glauchau, northeast to Zwickau.

Wildenfels

Wildenfels is a town in the rural District Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. It is southeast of Zwickau.

Wilkau-Haßlau

Wilkau-Haßlau is a town in the rural district Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. It is about south of Zwickau.

Hugh Laurie

James Hugh Calum Laurie (born 11 June 1959) is an English actor, comedian, musician and writer. He portrayed Dr. Gregory House in the television series "House MD" and Frederick Little in "Stuart Little" and its sequel "Stuart Little 2". He is also famous in Britain for his work with Stephen Fry and for the BBC series "Blackadder".

Laurie was born on 11 June 1959 in Blackbird Leys, Oxfordshire. His mother, Patricia (née Laidlaw), died when he was 29 and his father, W.G.R.M. "Ran" Laurie, was a doctor and an athlete who won the gold medal in rowing 1948 in London. He has two older sisters and an older brother.

Laurie was in a comedy duo with Stephen Fry for a number of years. He became world-famous as Dr. Gregory House in the long-running television series "House".

Laurie studied at Eton and then went to Selwyn College, Cambridge: he took a degree in archeology and social anthropology. He was an athlete like his father, but he became an actor after meeting Emma Thompson, who introduced him to his future best friend and co-worker, Stephen Fry.

In 1989, he married Jo Green and had three children, sons Charles (born November 1988) and Bill (born January 1991), and daughter Rebecca (born September 1993).

All of the following are nominations or wins for Laurie's role on "House":







People's Choice Awards

Other Awards

Mauro Ramos

Mauro Ramos (30 August, 1930 – 18 September, 2002) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Regarded as one of the best Brazilian centre-backs of all time and is considered to be one of the greatest defenders in the 1950s and 1960s, he was praised throughout his career for his aerial ability, marking, his leadership, long passing, blocking shots and tackling. Italian sports journalist Gianni Brera believed Mauro to be the best sweeper in the history of the game.

He made his debut in adult football in 1947, playing for the "Sanjuanense" team. With his game for this team, he attracted the attention of representatives of the coaching staff of "Sao Paulo" , which he joined in 1948. Played the next eleven seasons of his playing career for the Sao Paulo team. Most of his time with São Paulo, he was the team's main defensive player and won four São Paulo state championships with the team. In 1960, he moved to the club "Santos", nicknamed "Os Santásticos", which was considered to be one of the greatest clubs in the world, he played 7 seasons. While playing for Santos, he also mostly appeared on the field in the main team and won five more state championships, but the greatest achievement for the player was two consecutive victories in the Copa Libertadores (1962, 1963), which allowed the team to play in the Intercontinental Cup. In both draws, "Santus" defeated European rivals, becoming the strongest team in the world two years in a row. He ended his professional career as a football player with performances for the "Santos" team in 1967. He moved abroad for the first time in his career in 1967 he played for Toluca until 1968 and he retired due groin injury.

In 1948, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Brazilian national team. The following year, he was part of the national team, he participated in the 1949 South American Championship in Brazil, winning the title of continental champion that year.

Nevertheless, Ramos did not go to the 1950 World Cup the following year. The reason for this was that the head coach Flávio Costa, under pressure from the Confederation's football officials in the "confrontation" between the players from Sao Paulo (Paulistas) and Rio de Janeiro (Carioca), who made up the Brazilian national team, made his choice in favor of Carioca. However, thanks to this, Ramos was able to become a unique record holder for the generation of Brazilian "double champions". Because after losing the decisive match of the 1950 "World Cup" (Maracanazo), a total "purging of the ranks" took place in the Brazilian national team. Ramos was able to successfully pass it and later become a two-time world champion. Most of the "bi-champions" never managed to become champions of South America (including Pelé).

Four years later, at the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, already under Zezé Moreira, Mauro Ramos was on the application list, but did not play in a single match, giving up the position of central defender to Fluminense player Pinheiro. After that, Mauro played in the 1956 South American Championship in Uruguay, finishing fourth, In 1957 Mauro was almost not named for the Copa América, but his wonderful performances at Saõ Paulo led him to play in that tournament. Brazil finished as runners-up, and by the 1958 World Cup in Sweden, Mauro Ramos had already become the idol of "São Paulo", continuing to show a great game and being in great sports shape. This could not fail to be noticed by the leadership of Brazilian football, inviting Mauro to the World Cup again. However, in Sweden, Ramos spent the entire tournament on the bench, winning the first world championship title in his career. The main pillars of the defense then were Hilderaldo Bellini and Orlando. Both are players of Vasco da Gama from Rio de Janeiro. The following year, Mauro and the national team took part in the 1959 South American Championship in Argentina, where together with the team, he won "silver", losing only one point to the hosts, the Argentines. It was not until his last World Cup in 1962 in Chile that Mauro came to the status of a main player, playing in all six matches, he made a formidable defensive duo with compatriot Zózimo, while the defender was captain of the team at that tournament. During his career in the national team, which lasted 17 years, he played 28 matches for Brazil with no goals.


Brazil

Zózimo

Zózimo (born 19 June, 1932 - 17 July, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

!Total||35||1

Juan Valera

Juan Valera y Alcalá-Galiano (October 18 1824 – April 18 1905), was a Spanish author, writer and political figure.

Didi (footballer, born 1928)

Valdir Pereira (8 October 1928 – 12 May 2001), was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team. Together with Pelé, Vavá, Garrincha and Mário Zagallo, he formed the attack quintet of the Brazilian team that became world champions in 1958 and 1962. Considered as one of the greatest midfielders of all time. Didi was a very gifted playmaker known for his long balls and free kicks. He was the inventor of the folha seca ("dry leaf") with which he gave the ball such an effect that it seemed as if it would disappear over the goal but at the last moment disappeared between the posts like a dry leaf falling from the tree had fallen. He was nicknamed "the Ethiopian Prince" for the elegance and class he gave to the midfield of the teams he played for.

Didi was born in Campos dos Goytacazes, located 200 kilometers north of Rio de Janeiro. There he learned to play football in the street in barefoot matches. At the age of 14, Didi almost had to give up after he was injured and an infection developed on his right knee. It looked like his leg would have to be amputated, but Didi recovered after spending six months in a wheelchair. Two years later, he signed his first contract in his hometown with the club of the same name.

Didi started playing football for
Madureira in 1947. In 1949 he transferred to Fluminense, one of Rio's biggest clubs. There, Didi impressed, but in 1950 he was still too young to participate in the World Cup in his own country. That same year he was part of a representative team from Rio that opened the Maracanã against a team from São Paulo. In the game, Didi scored the first ever goal in one of the largest stadiums in the world. A year later he won the Rio de Janeiro State Championship with his club and the Copa Rio the following year. However, Didi ran into trouble at the time when Fluminense's arch-rival Botafogo, tried to get him in. The relationship between Fluminense and Didi deteriorated as a result, also because he was criticized after he left his wife and young daughter for the actress Guiomar Batista. Finally, in 1956, after seven years, Didi made the switch to Botafogo for two million cruzeiro, a record amount at the time. At Botafogo, he immediately bonded with Nílton Santos and Garrincha, with whom he would celebrate the State Championship together a year later. In 1959, the playmaker made the move to Real Madrid , where he became the first black player in club history. Real were one of the best clubs in the world at the time, but Didi had a frustrating period there. Didi was unable to force a starting spot and ran into problems with Alfredo Di Stéfano , who did not want to share his star status. The Brazilian therefore decided to return to Botafogo after two seasons. With that club he again won the State Championship in 1961 and 1962. The playmaker went on to play for several other clubs before ending his active career in 1966.

Didi made his debut for the Brazilian national team in 1952. Two years later he made his appearance at the World Cup in Switzerland. There, Brazil was sent home to Hungary in the quarter-finals after a match that would go down in history as the Battle of Bern. It was one of the most unsportsmanlike matches in World Cup history. Didi was left out for the Copa América 1956 along with Garrincha, Zózimo, Zizinho, Nílton Santos, Julinho, Castilho, Bauer and Pepé. He played during the Copa América in 1957 where Brazil finished second. In 1958 Didi had become one of the key figures of the Brazilian national team that traveled to the World Cup in Sweden with a revolutionary 4-2-4 formation. At the time, it was Didi who gave confidence to 17-year-old Pelé. The team eventually took home the title. After Brazil fell 1-0 behind Sweden in the final, Didi turned things around and went on to win 5-2. Didi was subsequently voted the best player of the World Cup. 

Didi wanted to participate for the 1962 FIFA World Cup but the Brazilian press complained that the 33-year-old playmaker would be too old for it. Didi countered: "it's the ball that has to do the work, not the player". Brazil again reached the final, beating Czechoslovakia 3-1. It was Didi's last international match.

After his active career, Didi was active as a trainer in Brazil, Argentina, Peru, Turkey and Saudi Arabia. Didi had his greatest success in 1970 when he guided Peru to the quarter-finals of the World Cup. It eventually lost to the later world champion Brazil. In addition, he won the double with Fenerbahçe in 1974 and managed to extend the national championship a year later. 

!Total||68||20






Coutinho (footballer, born 1943)

Coutinho (11 June 1943 – 11 March 2019) was a former Brazilian football player. He mostly played for Santos F.C. and the Brazil national team.

Coutinho died on March 11, 2019, in Santos, São Paulo from a heart attack due to diabetes and hypertension, aged 75.

Pepe (footballer, born 1935)

José Macia (born 25 February, 1935) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Santos and Brazil national team.










Jair Marinho

Jair Marinho de Oliveira (17 July 1936 – 7 March 2020) was a Brazilian footballer.

Jurandir (footballer, born 1940)

Jurandir de Freitas (born 12 November, 1940) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Zequinha

Zequinha (born 18 November, 1934) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Mengálvio

Mengálvio Pedro Figueiró (born 17 December, 1939) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.



Jair da Costa

Jair da Costa (born 9 July, 1940) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

222||55
19||3
241||58

Amarildo (footballer, born 1939)

Amarildo Tavares da Silveira (born 29 June, 1939) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Amarildo is regarded to be one of the best strikers ever in his position.

201||58
7||0
208||58

Carlos Castilho

Carlos José Castilho (27 November 1927 – 2 February 1987) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team. He made saves that seemed to be helped by luck for this reason he was nicknamed by his opponents Leiteria (Lucky man) and the Fluminense fans called him São Castilho (Saint Castilho). In 1952 he saved six penalties. Color blind, he felt he had an advantage in seeing the yellow balls red, even though he had more trouble with the white ones in the evening. Castilho is regarded as one of the greatest Brazilian goalkeepers of all time. 

After his playing career he became a trainer. In 1977 he led Operário (MS), a club from a smaller league to the semi-finals for the Brazilian national title. With Santos, he won in 1984 with Campeonato Paulista.

He committed suicide on February 2, 1987.




Aymoré Moreira

Aymoré Moreira (born 16 October, 1912) is a former Brazilian football player.

Dino Sani

Dino Sani (born 23 May, 1932) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Right half-winger and playmaker, Sani was a true beacon of midfield, being gifted with a remarkable vision of the game, the result of his innate instinct, which allowed him to always identify the best placed man to direct his unmarked throws. He was known for his skill with the ball at his feet, his technique, intelligence in passing and creativity in setting up plays. In possession of great ball control, he was considered to be one of the greatest midfielders in São Paulo and Milan history and he is regarded as one of the best football players of all time. He was particularly skilled in fast and tight rallies, thus compensating for a certain basic togetherness. Far from being an individualist, he was a true team player.

He was born on May 23, 1932 in Sao Paulo to Gaetano Sani and Maria Gabrielli. 

A pupil of the football school of the club "Palmeiras". He began his adult football career in 1949 in the main team of the same club. Gino Orlando began his career with him at Palmeiras. He then performed at the Antarctic Park, 15 Di Jau and Commercial (Sao Paulo) clubs.

With his game for the last team, he attracted the attention of the coaching staff of the club "Sao Paulo" , which he joined in 1956, repeating the path of his teammate Gino Orlando, who a year earlier moved to the club from Sao Paulo and achieved significant success. He played for the team from Sao Paulo for the next five seasons of his playing career. Most of his time with Sao Paulo, he was a key player for the team. As part of Sao Paulo, he was one of the team's top scorers, averaging 0.34 goals per game. In 1957 he won the Paulista League. In São Paulo, he played with Zizinho and Canhoteiro, and later became recognized one of the best midfielders in the club's history.

In 1959, Boca Juniors bought Dean's contract from Sao Paulo for $ 1 million, and the player became the sixth Brazilian in the Argentine club at the time (including Paulo Valentino).

In 1961, when Boca Juniors began to consider him a veteran, he was sold to Milan, and a few days later he made his debut in a Roso-Nero shirt in a match against Juventus, ousting the Englishman from challenging character, Jimmy Greaves. Since then, and until the end of the championship, in which Milan celebrated the "Scudetto" in the 1961/62 season, he came on the field several times. Considered the successor of Gunnar Gren, Sani with the Milan club also won the European Champions Cup in 1963. Playing for Milan, he also mostly played for the main team.

At the end of the 1963/64 season, he was forced to return to Brazil to recover from an illness that Dino began suffering from while performing in Italy. Sani signed a contract with Corinthians Paulista, for which he played during 1964–1966. During this time, he played twice as many matches as in "Milan", and also scored twice as many goals as in the shirt of the Italian club.

In 1957 he made his debut in official matches as part of the Brazilian national team. During his career in the national team, which lasted 9 years, he played only 15 matches for the national team, scoring 1 goal (in addition, he played 9 matches in unofficial friendly matches and scored 3 goals).

As part of the national team he participated in the 1957 South American Championship in Peru, where he won silver with the team, the 1958 World Cup in Sweden (he played the first two matches in the tournament, then replaced by Zito), winning the title that year world champion, and the 1959 South American Championships in Argentina, where he won silver with the team.

During his performances in Italy, he received an invitation to the Italian national team to participate in the 1962 FIFA World Cup, but Dino refused, waiting for a call to the Brazilian national team. He was left out for the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

He began his coaching career, immediately after the end of the player's career, in 1969 at Corinthians, but the team was disqualified due to "doubtful" matches. His work was not very noticeable, as under his leadership the team won regional trophies, but the Brazilian federation was positive and on the eve of the 1970 World Cup he was offered to replace the disgraced coach Joao Soldane at the helm of the Brazilian national team. But due to friendly relations with the latter, Dino Sani refused this offer. Returning to football after a short break, in 1971, heading the coaching staff of the club "International". For three years in a row, he and his team won the championship, which he recalls was Dino's best experience in his coaching career. In 1975 he became the head coach of the Palmeiras team, coaching the team from Sao Paulo for only one year.

In 1978, he won the Uruguayan Championship with Peñarol, and then coached the Qatari national team, which had a salary of about sixty million lire a month and almost led it to the 1990 World Cup.

Later, in 1981, he headed the coaching staff of the club "Flamengo". In 1982 he accepted an offer to work at the Fluminense club. He left the team from Rio de Janeiro in 1982. For one year, starting in 1983, he was the head coach of the International team. In 1984 he was invited by the management of Boca Juniors to lead his team, with which he worked for one year.

During his coaching career, he also led the teams of Goiás and Coritiba. Currently, the last place of coaching was the club "Gremio", whose head coach was Dino Sani during 1991.




Oreco

Valdemar Rodrigues Martíns, best known as Oreco, (born in Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, June 13, 1932 – April 3, 1985 in Ituverava, São Paulo) was a footballer who played for Brazil at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

38||0
38||0

Moacir (footballer, born 1936)

Moacyr Claudino Pinto da Silva (born 18 May, 1936) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.





Nílton de Sordi

Nílton de Sordi (14 February, 1931 – 24 August 2013) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.



Joel (footballer, born 1931)

Joel Antônio Martins (born 23 November, 1931) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

57||16
57||16




José Altafini

José Altafini (born 24 August 1938) is a former Brazilian-Italian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team and the Italian national team.

"*European competitions include the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Cup Winners' Cup & UEFA Cup"

AC Milan

Juventus

Napoli

Brazil


Dida (footballer, born 1934)

Edvaldo Alves de Santa Rosa (26 March, 1934 – 17 September 2002) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Brandãozinho (footballer, born 1925)

Antenor Lucas, better known as Brandãozinho (born in Campinas, Brazil, June 9, 1925 – died in São Paulo, Brazil, April 4, 2000) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil's national team. Brandaõzinho was widely regarded as one of the finest defenders and midfielders ever to play the game. He was renowned for his marking, tackling, dribbling, pressure, anticipation and his short and long passes. He also performs mainly covering and marking duties, positioning himself in front of the defensive line.
Brandanzinho began his career at the Campinas club in 1940, then in 1943 he moved to another São Paulo club, Portuguesa Santista. In 1949, Brandanzinho moved to Portuguesa Desportos, where he made his debut on September 1, 1949 in a friendly game with the Palmeiras club, which ended in a 1-3 defeat for Portuguesa. In an official match for Portuguesa, Brandanzinho played for the first time 10 days later: on September 11, in the São Paulo championship, Portuguesa met Corinthians”, the game again ended with the defeat of the Brandanzinho club with a score of 1-3, but Portuguesa had an excuse, his player was injured and left the field, and substitutions were not yet practiced in those years. On September 26, the first victory of Portugues came, with a score of 4-1, Brandanzinho's former club Portuguesa Santista was beaten, one of the goals on Brandanzinho's account, which became the player's first goal in Desportos. Brandanzinho played for Portuguesa Desportos for 7 years, winning two Rio Sao Paulo tournaments with the club in 1952 and 1955.
In 1952, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Brazilian national team at the Pan American Games tournament, where the Brazilian team won. The following year, he played as part of the national team at the South American Championship in Peru in 1953, where he won silver with the team. In 1954, as part of the national team, he participated in the world championship in Switzerland, where he played 3 games. His last game was in 1955 during the Copa Oswaldo Cruz against Chile. During his career in the national team, which lasted 3 years, he played 18 matches in its uniform.
After finishing his performances on the football fields, Brandanzinho worked for some time in the police, and for 30 years he worked as a journalist for the newspaper "Detran de São Paulo". For a long time he worked as a mathematics teacher at school. Brandanzinho died on April 4, 2000 in the city of Sao Paulo.

Pinheiro (Brazilian footballer)

João Carlos Batista Pinheiro (January 13, 1932 in Campos dos Goytacazes – August 30, 2011) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Bauer (footballer)

José Carlos Bauer (21 November 1925 – 4 February 2007) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team. He was widely considered as one of the greatest midfielders of all time. He was known as a skillful playmaker who was a good passer on the ball and was also renowned for his marking and tackling. He was also renowned of his pinpoint passing, covering, dribbling, physical power and his intelligence. His nicknames were "The Maracanã Monster" and "The Giant of Maracanã" because of his peformances during the 1950 FIFA World Cup.

Born in São Paulo on 21 November 1925, he was the son of a Swiss father and an African-Brazilian mother. He asked to play football and his parents wanted him to be a footballer, he joined São Paulo youth academy in 1938.

At the club level, Bauer's career was linked to the São Paulo team, with whom he played for 13 years, winning six state championships, with 429 matches and 16 goals. Here he formed together with Zarzur and Noronha and then with Rui and Noronha a famous and appreciated trio of midfield reproposed also in the national team, whose members were renamed "The three musketeers". Bauer was a player who had a lot of skill with the ball and, therefore, acted as a midfielder. Although physically strong, he played classic and elegant football. In 1956 he had two fleeting experiences with Garrincha and Nílton Santos' Botafogo and with Portuguesa, and then ceased his competitive activity with São Bento in 1958.

While at São Paulo, Bauer was called up for the Brazilian national team he took part in the victory of the Copa América in 1949. The following year he participated in the World Cup that Brazil organized at home, losing the final against Uruguay. Bauer was considered by critics as one of the best players in the competition together with his compatriot Zizinho and his good performances combined with his playing style earned him the nickname " Gigante do Maracanã ", attributed to him by radio commentators and he was included in the Team of the tournament. With the Seleção also won the Pan American Championship in 1952. During the Copa América in 1953 Bauer made a formidable midfield trio with Bigode and Danilo, he showed one of his best style of play and Brazil finished as runners-up. He was one of the few among those called up for that edition to participate in the next World Cup in 1954, when he held the role of team captain. He retired from international football in 1955 after he won the Taça Oswaldo Cruz with Brazil, he turned down a chance to participate at the 1956 Copa América. He played in 29 matches and scored just once.

!Total||29||1

As a coach he directed several Brazilian and foreign teams, with experiences in Colombia, Mexico and Portugal, achieving particular success. Later he also received an invitation to coach in Japan.

During this phase of his career he also had the opportunity to discover first of all Eusébio 's talents. When he was sitting on the Ferroviária bench in 1960, Bauer took part in a tour in Mozambique, during which he noticed the future Golden Ball. The coach pointed him out to Béla Guttman, his coach at the time of São Paulo, then moved to Benfica, who took him to Lisbon.

Bauer died on February 4, 2007 at the age of 81 in São Paulo due to Alzheimer's disease. He was buried in the Ras cemetery near Morumbi

As Player

São Paulo
As Coach
Atlas

Brazil


Julinho (footballer, born 1929)

Júlio Botelho, also known as Julinho (; 29 July 1929 – 10 January 2003) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team. He was nominated as the best player in the history of Italy's Fiorentina in 1996, helping to win a scudetti. He was recognised one of the finest wingers in Serie A history. He had 24 caps for Brazil and he netted 11 goals. He was regarded one of the best players at the World Cup Finals in 1954. He turned down a chance to play in the 1958 World Cup Finals in Sweden, giving the way for Garrincha to shine in the Finals. Known for his dribbling ability and powerful shot, A highly creative, talented, and dynamic player, with a slender build, Julinho usually played as a right winger, where he operated as a playmaker, and was known for his speed, vision, tactical sense, powerful shooting ability, and dribbling skills. He is regarded as one of the greatest players of all time, and considered as one of Brazil's best wingers ever.

Julinho started his career with Corinthians and soon switched to Portuguesa. In his second game for the club, he already scored two goals, against America. After winning the Torneio Rio-São Paulo with Portuguesa in 1955, he was sold to the European Fiorentina for USD 5,500 and was a key player in winning the title in 1956. In 1957 he played with Fiorentina in the final of the European Cup I, which they lost to Real Madrid. In 1996, he was named the best player in Fiorentina's history. In 1958 he returned to Brazil to play for Palmeiras. He won the Campeonato Paulista twice there and in 1960 the club became the second Brazilian national champion.

He also played for the national team, including at the 1954 World Cup. He scored in the group stage against Mexico and in the quarterfinals in the violent match that went down in history as the Battle of Bern. In 1958, he declined an invitation to play at the World Cup because he was playing in Italy at the time and felt that only players from the Brazilian league should be selected. He was also a member of the squad that won the 1952 Panamerican Championship, and that finished as runners-up in the 1953 South American Championship and the 1964 Taça das Nações, he played 24 matches with 11 goals.

He died on January 10, 2003 due to heart problems. He was 73.






Baltazar (footballer, born 1926)

Oswaldo da Silva (14 January 1926 – 25 March 1997), commonly known as Baltazar, was a Brazilian footballer. He has played for Brazil national team. He was given the nickname "Cabecinha de Ouro" ("Golden Head") by fans. Baltazar played as a striker. He was consecrated as a player for Corinthians Paulista team from São Paulo, his main characteristic was the header of the ball to the goal. Baltazar came to recognize that he was so good technically, but according to the player himself, with his head, not even Pelé was as efficient as he was. He scored 267 goals, of which 71 with his head, which earned him the nickname "Cabecinha de Ouro" (Golden Head) by his fans because of his skill in the air. Widely considered as one of the best strikers of all time. He was renowned for his finishing, speed, acceleration and ability to read the game.

He started his professional career at União Monte Alegre and then Jabaquara, with his good performances and goals he soon drew the attention of a great club in the capital, Corinthians Paulista. Baltazar arrived at Corinthians in 1945, he started as a right midfielder, but soon moved to a center forward, a position in which he established himself. He played for Corinthians for 12 years, until 1957. He was present in the Rio-São Paulo titles in 1950, 1953 and 1954; and also in the two-time São Paulo championship in 1951 and 1952 and in the conquest of the São Paulo 4th Centenary of the City of São Paulo in 1954. In 1957, at the end of his career, he moved to Juventus, returned to Jabaquara and ended his career at União Paulista in 1959.

Baltazar was a Brazilian international and took part in the 1950 and 1954 World Cups. The 1950 World Cup on home soil was tragic: in the decisive game, a draw would have been enough for Brazil to win the title, but they lost to Uruguay 2-1 but he did not play. Baltazar scored twice in the tournament, was among four players remaining in the Brazil squad in 1954. In Brazil's qualification for the 1954 World Cup, he scored five of Brazil's eight goals. Baltazar scored once at the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland. Brazil were eliminated by top favorites Hungary in the quarterfinals. The game in the Wankdorf Stadium was canceled due to numerous unsportsmanlike behaviors during and after the game Battle of Bern in World Cup history. Two years later he was selected to play for Brazil in the Copa América 1956 but the national team did not perform well. He played 31 matches and scored 17 goals for the national team.

He died in 1997 at the age of 71.



Pinga (footballer, born 1924)

José Lázaro Robles (11 February, 1924 - 7 May 1996) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He is regarded as one of the best football players of all time. He first played as a midfielder, on the left wing, but when he moved to Vasco he was advanced to the left winger position. He had among his strong points the precision in the shot, usually made with the left foot. Considered one of the best left-footed players ever, who was renowned for scoring goals, dribbling and a skillful player on the ball.

Pinga started his career with Portuguesa, which at the time had one of the strongest teams in club history with players such as Djalma Santos, Brandãozinho, Simão and Julinho. In 1952 the club won the prestigious Torneio Rio-São Paulo. After this he switched to Vasco da Gama from the then capital Rio de Janeiro and would play there for 8 years. He also won the Torneio Rio-São Paulo, twice the Campeonato Carioca and in 1957 the Tournoi de Paris. He was also the club's top scorer for five seasons. From the 1960s, his career deteriorated sharply. In the season, he scored only once. He ended his career at Juventus.

In 1950, he was called up for the first time to the Brazilian national team, although he was a reserve team, called up for the Oswaldo Cruz Cup, against Paraguay. Pinga scored three of Brazil's five goals (2–0 win and 3–3 draw) and helped the national team to be champions. Many of the players in this selection ended up being called up by coach Flávio Costa to compete in the 1950 World Cup, but Pinga was left out. He also played for the national team. In 1952 he won the 1952 Pan American Football Championship with the Seleção. A year later, he played at the 1953 South American Championship, where he scored twice in the 8-1 win over Bolivia. A year later he also played at the 1954 FIFA World Cup. Here he scored the 3-0 and 4-0 against Mexico in the opening game.

Pinga died on May 7, 1996 due brain tumor, he was only 72.

Francisco Rodrigues (Brazilian footballer)

Francisco Rodrigues (27 June 1925 – 30 October 1988) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He was a fast winger and noted for his great dribbling and technical ability to beat opposition players with success and he was a great goalscorer. He stood out for being a skillful footballer, with great speed and an exquisite left foot. Regarded as one of the best Brazilian strikers of the 1950s.

He began his football career at the Ypiranga São Paulo club, where he played from 1942–1945. In 1945 he moved to Fluminense FC. He played for the Rio de Janeiro club until 1950. During this period, he won the Rio de Janeiro State Championship - Campeonato Carioca in 1946. In 1950, he moved to SE Palmeiras, where he played until 1954. With Palmeiras São, he won the São Paulo State Championship - Campeonato Paulista in 1950. In 1954 he moved to Botafogo FR, where he played until 1956, then returned to Palmeiras. From Palmeiras he went to local rivals Juventus where he played in 1957. He spent 1958 at Paulista Jundiaí, from where he returned to Juventus in 1959. He ended his career with Argentina's Rosario Central in 1961.

Francisco Rodrigues made his debut for Brazil on May 7, 1950 against Paraguay. A month later, he was part of the squad at the 1950 FIFA World Cup, where Brazil finished runners-up, but did not play in any matches. In 1952 he won the Pan American Championship with Brazil, and in 1953 he played at the 1953 Copa América, where Brazil finished second. In 1954, he again went with the national team to the World Cup 1954, where he appeared in group matches against Yugoslavia and Mexico. The last time in the colors of the Canarinhos appeared on September 20, 1955 in a match against the Chilean national team. In total, he made 18 appearances for the national team and scored 5 goals.

He died on October 30, 1988 at the age of 63 in the city of Sao Paulo.






Paulinho de Almeida

Paulo Almeida Ribeiro (born 15 April, 1932, died 2007) is a former Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.

Alfredo Ramos (Brazilian footballer)

Alfredo Ramos de Oliveira (27 October 1924 – 31 July 2012) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Ely (footballer)

Ely do Amparo (14 May 1921 – 9 March 1991) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Regarded as one of the best players in the history of the Vasco da Gama club. He was known for being a strong player who stood out for his leadership and tackling opponents.

Eli began his career in the America club in 1939, and a year later he moved to the Canto do Rio club from the city of Niteroi, for whom he played for 5 years.

In 1945, Eli moved to the Vasco da Gama club, where he became one of the leaders of the team, which was nicknamed the "Victoria Express", which won 5 state championships and the Libertadores Cup in 1948, Eli formed the central midfield axis in this team, along with Danilo and Jorge, who was considered one of the strongest in those years in Brazilian football. In 1955, Eli was bought by the president of the Sport Recife club, Adelmar da Costa Carvalho, the club celebrated its 50th anniversary that year and the Brazilian football star was supposed to help the club win the state championship. "Sport", together with "Nautico" finished the championship with the same number of points, it was decided, by mutual agreement, to hold three decisive matches, in the first "Sport" won 2:0, and in the second with a score of 0:0, Eli was seriously injured - Ivanildo hit his head above the eye, as a result of which his face was covered with blood, the doctor of "Sport" suggested the player to go to the locker room, but the player refused and courageously played the match to the end. In the third game, Ivanildu, with a score of 1: 1, again injured the best player of "Sport" Eli, breaking his head with his elbow, he could not even play for some time, but soon returned to the field with a bandage on his head and finished the match, in the end, with the score 2:2, scoring the winning goal. After the game, Sport fans carried Eli in their arms.

Ely do Amparo made his international debut for the Brazilian national team on 3 April 1949 in the opening game of the 1949 Copa America, a 9–1 win against Ecuador. As the tournament progressed, he made four more appearances, mostly alongside Danilo and Noronha, including in the decider to win the title, when a 7-0 win against Paraguay won the continental championship for the third time. A year later, Ely was part of the Brazilian squad for the World Cup on home soil. During the tournament in which the title was in the last and decisive group game, the Maracanaço went down in history was lost to Uruguay, Ely only featured in the preliminary round in a 4-0 win over the Mexicans. A month before the tournament started, he was a regular when Uruguay were defeated in three games in the Copa Río Branco.

Two years later, Ely took part with the national team in the inaugural Pan American Championship and even acted as captain in the game against Panama. In the 4-2 win against archrival Uruguay he was sent off the field for the only time in his international career. This competition was also won by Brazil with a 3-0 win in the last group match against Chile. Ely's last international appearances came in the 1953 Copa América, but he did not play in the decider against Paraguay, which ended in a 3-2 defeat. At the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland Ely was again in the Brazil squad, but was not used during the tournament by national coach Zezé Moreira. The Brazilian team lost 4-2 to Hungary in the quarter-finals in the Battle of Bern . After a total of 19 senior international matches and numerous other appearances in unofficial games, his international career was over.

Ely died on March 9, 1991 at the of 69 due lung infection.

Dequinha

José Mendonça dos Santos, simply known as Dequinha (March 19, 1928 – July 23, 1997), was a Brazilian footballer.He played as a midfielder, a position which, due to his versatility, he played in a variety of ways. He started out as a left winger, and then moved to the defensive midfield position, where his athletic and marking skills stood out; His passing accuracy and speed made him an effective counter-attacker later on. Widely regarded as one of Brazil's finest defensive midfielders of all time.

Growing up both football-wise and personally in Rio Grande do Norte, he earned a transfer to América of Recife, Pernambuco, from which he was then sold to Flamengo in 1950. With the Rio de Janeiro team, he managed to break the hegemony of Vasco da Gama, which had won the state championship almost continuously from 1945 to 1952. In fact, Flamengo won three consecutive titles, and Dequinha's contribution was important, as he played a balancing role in the line-up. After leaving the Carioca team after eleven years, he ended his career in 1963 with América-PE.

He played with the national team for a short period mainly the one related to the successes with Flamengo obtaining the call-up for the 1954 World Cup, where, however, he failed to make his debut. Subsequently, it played mainly friendly matches, with the notable result of winning the Bernardo O'Higgins Cup and Taça Oswaldo Cruz in 1955.





Maurinho (footballer, born 1933)

Mauro Raphael, also known as Maurinho (6 June 1933 – 28 June 1995) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.


Humberto Tozzi

Humberto Barbosa Tozzi (4 February 1934 – 17 April 1980) was a Brazilian international footballer who played for São Cristóvão, Palmeiras, Lazio and Fluminense. Tozzi represented Brazil at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1954 FIFA World Cup.

Índio (footballer, born 1931)

Aluísio Francisco da Luz (1 March 1931 – 19 April 2020), simply known as Índio, was a Brazilian footballer. He was born in Cabedelo, Paraíba. He played for the Brazil national team.

Rubens (footballer, born 1928)

Rubens Josué da Costa (24 November 1928 – 31 May 1987) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team. He played as an attacking or attacking midfielder. On the pitch, he was noted for his technique and skill in dribbling, fast and effective, often carried out in a confined space of the pitch. He earned the nickname Doutor Rúbis due to his skill in controlling the ball. Widely considered as one of the best ever strikers.

He made his football debut in 1943 with Ipiranga (São Paulo), where he spent five seasons. From 1949 to 1950 he defended the colors of the Portuguesa Desportos. With his game for the last team he attracted the attention of the coaching staff of the club "Flamengo", which he joined in 1951. He played for the team from Rio de Janeiro for the next five seasons of his playing career. Most of his time with Flamengo was a key player for the team. As part of Flamengo, he was one of the team's top scorers, averaging 0.49 goals per game. He later played for Vasco da Gama, Prudentina and Ourinhos from 1957 to 1964. He ended his playing career with Bragantino, which he played for from 1964 to 1965.

In 1952 he made his debut in official matches as part of the Brazilian national team. During his career in the national team he played 5 matches in its form. He was present in the application of the national team at the 1954 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland, but did not go on the field.

He died on May 31, 1987 at the age of 59 in Rio de Janeiro.



Veludo

Caetano Silva (7 August 1930 - 26 October 1979) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Cabeção (footballer)

Luís Morais (23 August 1930 – 6 January 2020), also known as Cabeção, was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Luís Morais played club football for Corinthians, Bangu, Portuguesa, Comercial-SP, Juventus-SP and Portuguesa Santista, winning the Campeonato Paulista in 1951, 1952 and 1954 with Corinthians.

Luís Morais died on 6 January 2020 at the age of 89.

Zezé Moreira

Zezé Moreira (born 16 October, 1917) is a former Brazilian football player.

Adãozinho

Adão Nunes Dornelles (2 April 1923 – 30 August 1991) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.



Alfredo II

Alfredo Ramos dos Santos (born 1 January, 1920 - 23 October, 1997), best known as Alfredo II, is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Augusto da Costa

Augusto da Costa (22 October 1922 – 1 March 2004) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He was regarded as one of Brazil's finest defenders. He was known as a strong defender, for marking opponents and was also renowned for blocking shots and tackling and his leadership.

Augusto began his career at São Cristóvão in 1936 and played for this team for 8 years. But Augusto achieved the greatest success with the Vasco da Gama club, for which the footballer played from 1944 to 1954, and for some time was the team captain. With Vasco, Augusto won 5 state championships, as well as several exhibition tournaments in South America, in total, Augusto played 297 matches with 22 goals for the club and he was considered to be one of the best players ever.

Augusto played for the Brazilian national team from 1946 to 1950, having played 20 matches (14 wins, 3 draws and 3 losses) and scored 1 goal. He was a participant in two South American championships, in the second of which he won the league title, as well as the 1950 World Cup, in which the Brazilians lost in the decisive match to Uruguay, and Augusto, as team captain retired from the national team, he was consoled by Roque Máspoli. Augusto also played several matches for the Rio national team.

After completing his playing career, Augusto tried himself as a coach, but unsuccessfully. Later, he worked in the special military police of Rio de Janeiro, where he rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel and commander of the special forces guard.

He died on March 1, 2004 at the age of 83 due to kidney failure.



Moacir Barbosa

Moacir Barbosa Nascimento (27 March 1921 – 7 April 2000) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team. He was one of the best goalkeepers in the world in the 1940s and 1950s. He was known for not wearing gloves because he wanted to feel the ball with his bare hands. He was a confident and elastic goalkeeper with an excellent sense of placement, who was never afraid to dive into the feet of his opponents. Although he won many trophies, he is most remembered for the Maracanazo, when host country Brazil lost to Uruguay in the 1950 FIFA World Cup Final. He died of a heart attack at the age of 79 and was buried in the Praia Grande Municipal Cemetery in São Paulo.

He started his career with the small club ADCI and in 1942 made the move to CA Ypiranga, a mid-sized player from São Paulo. There he was noticed by Vasco da Gama and went there for ten years in 1945. With this club he won the Campeonato Carioca six times, once the Torneio Rio-São Paulo and in 1948 the Campeonato Sul-Americano de Campeões, which is considered the first edition of the Copa Libertadores. After his time at Vasco, he played for Bonsucesso and Santa Cruz and then back for Vasco. He ended his career at Campo Grande.

Barbosa made his debut for the Brazilian national team in 1945 during the Copa América where Brazil finished as runners-up. He was selected to play for the Roca Cup and he won the Cup, and he was selected to play for 1947 and 1950 Copa Rio Branco and Brazil won. Barbosa also won the South American Championship in 1949. In the final, Brazil beat Paraguay 7-0. At the World Cup in his own country a year later, the title was decided via a group stage. The third game between Brazil and Uruguay was decisive. Brazil needed a draw to become world champions and was a huge favorite. Not only because they were the home country, but also because they scored much faster than the Uruguayans. Friaça gave the Brazilians the lead, but a badly playing Bigode was dribbling past twice by Alcides Ghiggia, who then also passed goalkeeper Barbosa. The loss was a national drama and Barbosa was one of the scapegoats and he was blamed along with Bigode and Juvenal. He would carry this drama with him for the rest of his life. In an interview shortly before his death in 2000, he stated that the maximum prison sentence in Brazil is 30 years, but that he was sentenced to 50 years for something he was not even responsible for. In 1993 the Brazilian federation banned him from commenting on an international match and he was also once sent off from a training session for the national team because he could bring bad luck.




Bigode

João Ferreira, usually known as Bigode ("moustache" in Portuguese) (4 April 1922 – 31 July 2003), was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He was widely regarded as one of the finest Brazilian football players. He was known for marking opponents, tackling and his long range of passing and he was a quick defender and he is considered to be one of the best left-backs ever. His main virtue was his physical power, with great power and speed he made efficient markings and the rival wingers had difficulties to overcome him one on one. He was popularly known as "Bigode" or "Bigodinho" (mustache in Portuguese) because he always had a mustache.

Bigode started his career with Sete de Setembro in 1939, where he showed himself well, after which he was taken to the team of one of the leaders of Brazilian football. Soon he made the move to Atlético Mineiro because of his great skills as a defender, winning the state championship in 1941 and 1942. In 1943 he moved to Fluminense and played there for six years, winning the state championship in 1946 and he was a key player for the club. He then went on to play for arch-rival Flamengo in 1949 where he formed a formidable defensive duo with Juvenal which was regarded as one of the best defences of all time, and returned to his old love Fluminense in 1952, where he also ended his career in 1956.

Bigode played 16 matches for the national team and scored one goal. In 1949 he made his debut for the national team and he became South American champion with his team and in 1950 he was in the World Cup selection that was played in his own country. They reached the final, known as the Maracanaço. Bigode had to mark Alcides Ghiggia during the final match. Nobody expected Brazil to lose at home to Uruguay, Bigode played a bad game, Ghiggia dribbled past him on both goals and he was blamed for the defeat along with Barbosa and Juvenal. After the match he was no longer called up for the national team, but in 1952 he returned to the Brazilian national team after his absence for 2 years. In 1953 he was selected to play for Copa América, He made a formidable midfield trio with Bauer and Danilo and showed one of his best performances during that tournament as a tough tackler and a ball-winner after the tournament he retired from the Seleção for good.

!Total||16||1





After his retirement in 1956, Bigode opened a radio repair business in Belo Horizonte.

In 2003, Bigode died from respiratory problems in his native city of Belo Horizonte, aged 81.

Chico (footballer, born 1922)

Francisco Aramburu (7 January 1922 – 1 October 1997) known as Chico was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He possessed an extremely high running speed and very powerful kicks from both legs. Regarded as one of the legends of the Vasco da Gama football club, he is considered the best number 11s in the history of the club. Chico was widely considered as one of the greatest wingers of all time. He was known as a goalscorer, he was an extremely fast left winger, he kicked hard with both feet.

Chico began his footballing career in 1939 as a 17-year-old in his hometown on the Argentine border with EC Ferro Carril. A year later he was able to move to Gremio in the state capital of Porto Alegre, where he was able to showcase his talent at a higher level.

As early as 1942 he was brought to the then national capital of Rio de Janeiro by CR Vasco da Gama. The traditional club with the Maltese cross in their coat of arms was only number five in the metropolis behind Fluminense, Botafogo, Flamengo and America FC.

At the same time as Chico, the successful Uruguay coach Ondino Viera, who had already won five championships with Argentinian club CA River Plate and Flamengo, also started working for the club. This not only introduced the diagonal sash - inspired by River Plate - that has since become typical on Vasco jerseys, but also introduced tactical innovations. The former boxer Mário Américo also joined Vasco da Gama in 1942 as a masseur and physical therapist - from 1950 he was to accompany the national team through seven world championships as a physical therapist and as a factotum himself gain worldwide fame.

By 1945 Ondino Viera managed to put together a powerful team that had no fear of comparison and the club conquered the sixth state championship in the club's history unbeaten. The Expresso da Vitória (“Victory Express”), as which the team went down in history from 1945 to 1952, benefited above all from its attack series Ademir, top scorer Lelé, Isaías, Jair and Chico on the left wing. He had by then gained a reputation as a hard-hitting, quick, two-footed dribbler with a sharp shot and was soon being considered for the national team.

In 1945 he made his debut in official matches as part of the Brazilian national team. During his career in the national team, which lasted 5 years, he played 21 matches in its form, scoring 8 goals. As part of the national team was a participant in the South American Championship in 1946 in Argentina, where he and his team won "silver". Chico was selected to be in Brazil squad that took part for the 1949 Copa América. The following year he was one of the main strikers of the Brazilian national team at the home World Cup in 1950. In the final group of the tournament he took an active part in the defeat of the teams of Sweden and Spain, scoring two goals in the goal of each of them. But in the decisive game against Uruguay, which determined the world champion and in which the Brazilians were considered favorites, he could not excel, and his team unexpectedly lost 2-1 and received only silver medals and won the Bronze Boot. Chico retired from the Seleção after the final match.

Chico died on October 1, 1997 due heart attack at the age 75.

Vasco da Gama

Brazil

Individual

Danilo Alvim

Danilo Alvim (3 December 1920 – 16 May 1996) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He was a member of the ill-fated Brazilian 1950 World Cup team. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest world's centre-halves during his time, he was renowned as a very sophisticated and elegant player who possessed fine ball control and accurate long range passing, marking opponents and he was extremely fast. He was never sent off from the field. He was known as "Prince" due to the characteristic elegance of his style of play.

Danilo Alvim was born on 3 December 1920 in Rio de Janeiro.

Danilo Alvim began his career at the age of 19 at the America club from his hometown of Rio de Janeiro. He got into the club's first team thanks to Flavio Costa, the coach of the Rio national team, who noticed the boy on the training field in Campo Celes, saying that he might play for the Rio national team. But the very next year, he was seriously injured: Danilo, who was trying to jump into a moving tram, was hit by a car, and he received 39 fractures, most of which fell on his legs and was rushed to the hospital. But even such an injury did not stop Danilo, he was treated for about 18 months, and later he trained hard and entered the field in 1942 again.

After several matches for America, Alvim was sent on loan to Canto do Rio. Danilo had to change the team because of the head coach of the club, Zhentil Cardozo, who arrived from the USA, who did not see the player in the squad. In Kanto, he began to show a high class of play. Upon returning to America, Danilo has already become a strong player. He quickly became a leader, and the leading clubs in the state began to “hunt” for him.

In 1946, Danilo moved to the Vasco da Gama club, who paid 300 thousand reais for the transfer of a football player and undertook to play 3 friendly matches with America. Initially, he was not seen as a central midfielder, where Danilo was accustomed to playing in America. He was placed on the right flank of midfield, but his style of play, incredible playmaker, elegant passing and dribbling soon forced the team bosses to transfer him to the center of the field. He became part of the famous "Victoria Express", the so-called "Vasco" of the mid-1940s - early 1950s, which won four state championship titles and one South American club championship. And the next year, Alvim had another joy, he married to his wife Selinda.

In 1954, Danilo moved to the Botafogo club, but played only 2 seasons there. After leaving Botafogo, Danilo moved to the Uberaba club as a free agent, where he began to act as a playing coach. Alvim played 2 matches for Uberaba, the last game he played against Sao Paulo, after which he decided to "hang up his boots". In 1957, Alvim became the one for whom Zizinho moved to end his career at Uberaba.

Danilo made his international debut during Copa América 1945 when Brazil finished second and also in 1946. He won the Roca Cup with Brazil national team in 1945. His first international goal was against Uruguay in 1948. Danilo won the 1949 Copa América and scored once, he said that the tournament was the best of his life. He was a starter for the famous 1950 World Cup team, unjustly remembered for losing the last game to Uruguay, despite being one of Brazil's best ever squads. Brazil only needed to draw Uruguay to win the 1950 FIFA World Cup at the Maracanã stadium. Uruguay came from a goal down to win the match 2-1. This defeat is remembered today as the Maracanaço. After the match Danilo was sad and he was consoled by his teammates and opponents, Although he was not blamed for the defeat, his teammates has stated that he had a good match. It is considered Brazil's worst disaster in history. Danilo is, till today, considered one of Brazil's most complete centre-halves and, by some, a top 10 among Brazil's craques. Just as Ademir, Zizinho, Jair and others on the 1950 team, he would likely be regarded even more highly if it were not for that one day in the Maracanã stadium. In 1952 he returned to the Brazil national team after being absent for 2 years and he won the Panamerican Championship, In 1953 Danilo was selected to play for the Copa América and he formed with Bauer and Bigode a formidale midfield trio, he was a true playmaker during the tournament and the Seleção ended up as runners-up. He retired after the tournament. He played 27 games with 2 goals between 1945 and 1953. He also won the Roca Cup in 1945, Copa Rio Branco in 1947 and 1950 and Taça Oswaldo Cruz in 1950.

!Total||27||2

After he retired, Danilo worked with many teams, but the biggest success for him was the victory with the Bolivian national team in the South American Championship in 1963.

In 1968, Danilo became the head of the Remo club and in the first season made the team a state champion. And a year later he led the team to victory in the tournament of the North of Brazil, in the final defeating the rival "Remo" with a score of 5-1 and 4-1. Before the 1970 season, Danilo demanded an increase in his wages from the club - 10 thousand cruzeiro for a contract extension, 2,5 thousand monthly, plus living expenses for Danilo himself and his family. The club agreed to these conditions, but Remo could not repeat the success of previous years, and the coach fired himself.

Danilo died on May 16, 1996 from pneumonia while visiting in a homeless shelter in Rio de Janeiro 5 days after his teammate Ademir died, he was buried few days later. After his death he was still considered as one of the best defensive midfielders.

Vasco da Gama
Brazil

Individual


Friaça

Friaça (October 20, 1924 – January 12, 2009) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He played as a forward, more precisely as a right winger. He was known for his speed and the violence of his shot, for his skill in hitting set pieces and also for the accuracy of his usually very tense crosses. Considered as one of the best football players of his time. Friaça was a fast right winger with a strong kick.

Friaça was discovered when he was playing in a small club in Carangola, the Ipiranga, he was noticed by the Vasco managers when his team defeated the most titled opponents with two of his goals. The coach Ondino Viera thus decided to hire him, and in 1945 he was part of the nucleus on which the Expresso da Vitória, the Vasco team that won several titles at state level and the South American Champions Cup, was founded; with four goals he was his team's top scorer during that competition. He was also the last of the winners of that trophy to die. During his time in the club, he particularly bonded with Jair, who, according to Friaça himself, helped him improve his shooting. Once the cycle of victories was over he was sold to São Paulo, in which he played from 1 April 1949 to 27 March 1951, scoring almost fifty goals and winning the title of state champion. Precisely because of his good performance, Vasco bought him again, keeping him in his ranks until 1952. Later he played for Ponte Preta and Guarani, retiring at the age of 34.

Friaça was called up for Brazil national team in 1947, Two years later Brazil won the Copa América in 1949, he was nearly unselected, Because of his good performances at Saõ Paulo, he was chosen to play for the tournament. Friaça was called up for the 1950 World Cup tournament. The team of Brazil, sure of the title, played great matches, beating other rivals. In the final round, the teams from Brazil and Uruguay played in the decisive game. In the 47th minute, Friaça scored the first goal of the game for Brazil. It was his only goal in the tournament and in the national team appearances in general. However, Brazil sensationally lost 2-1. With representation, he won the gold medal at the 1952 Pan-American Games in Buenos Aires, twice the Copa Rio Branco in 1947 and 1950, and the Taça Oswaldo Cruz in 1950. He turned down a chance to play for Copa América in 1953 and the FIFA World Cup in 1954.

The former striker owned a building materials store, run by his children. Friaça was always a happy man, but he was weakened mainly by the death of one of his sons in a hang gliding accident in the mid-1990s. After the tragedy, he never stopped smoking and drinking, which damaged his health. He died on January 12, 2009 of multiple organ failure at Hospital São José do Avaí, in Itaperuna Rio de Janeiro, where he was hospitalized for 45 days. He left his wife and three children. The municipality of Itaperuna declared a three-day mourning period.



Jair (footballer, born 1921)

Jair da Rosa Pinto (21 March 1921 – 28 July 2005) is a former Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil national team. Considered as one of the best football players of all time. Usually playing as an inside-forward, Jair was noted for his free-role style of play and he was most known for his pace and technical ability to beat the opponents and a extremely fast left-winger. He was also renowned for having his strong left foot and he was regarded as one of the leading Brazilian footballers of the 1940s and 1950s.

Jair was born on March 21, 1921 in Quatis, Rio de Janeiro.

Jair started his career with Madureira club in 1938 where at that time he was playing on the left wing position. His agile play and ability to kick hard towards the goal made him more and more known. In 1943, Jair moved to the Vasco da Gama club. He helped the Vasco club and managed to secure second place in the Brazilian League in 1944, Expresso da Vitória, considered one of the greatest squads in the club's history. In 1947 before the Brazilian League began, he moved to the Flamengo club. In the 1947 season, he did not succeed in helping Flamengo win the league instead his old club Vasco won the league. In 1949, he joined the Palmeiras club until 1955. In 1955, the Palmeiras club only needed a draw with its rival club São Paulo to win the league. When his club trailed 1-0, Jair scored 1 goal to help his club win the league. His move to Santos club in 1956 gave him a lot of success with the football club where his club won the league by a gap of 7 points in Jair’s first season with the Santos club. During his time with Santos, his club was never outside the top two of the league, winning the league in 1958 and 1960 during which time he played with Pelé at a young age.

He left Santos in 1961, by which time he was 40 years old. He moved to São Paulo for one season before moving to Ponte Preta the following season. He retired at the age of 42.

He made his debut in the Brazilian national team on March 5, 1940, in a match against Argentina. Brazil lost the game 6-1. the only goal for Brazil was scored by Jair, which was the first of his 22 goals he scored for the national team.

He played one of the best games during the 1940s for the national team against Uruguay in 1944. He scored a hattrick in that friendly match. During the 1940s, he played for the Brazilian national team at three South American championships, in 1945, 1946 and 1949, when the Brazilian national team won the championship and he was the top scorer with 9 goals, while in 1945 and 1946 he finished second. He was left out for the South American Championship in 1942 due to his injury. 

The 1950s were the most mature years of Jair. Together with Friaça, Chico, Zizinho and Ademir, he led the Brazilian team. With such positive energy, they welcomed the 1950 World Cup, which was held in Brazil. It was considered as one of Brazil's best squads. Brazil played well throughout the tournament and led by the trio of Jair, Zizinho and Ademir scored 22 goals in six games before falling to Uruguay in a match that was, in fact, the World Cup final - a match in which Jair hit the post during the early domination of Brazil, but could do nothing to prevent Uruguay from recovering from Friaça's early goal and triumphing 2-1 and 200,000 fans from the Maracana Stadium, which was built for the World Cup, sent home disappointed and he was included in the Team of the Tournament and after that he did not play for the national team for 6 years. In 1956 returned to the Brazil national team to play for Copa América.

After retirement of his playing career, Jair worked as a coach, heading the clubs Sao Paulo, Juventus, Ponte Preta, Vitoria, Olaria, Santos, Madureira, Palmeiras, Fluminense and Guarani.

He died on July 28, 2005 at the age of 84 from a lung infection. His ashes were buried in the Cajou cemetery, near the port in Rio de Janeiro.
!Total||39||22




 

Juvenal (footballer, born 1923)

Juvenal Amarijo (27 November 1923 – 30 October 2009) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Regarded as one of the best defenders of all time. He was renowned for man-marking, stamina, tackling and he stood out for his leadership.

Juvenal made his adult football debut in 1940 with Cruzeiro, where he spent nine seasons until 1949, he won the Brasileira División five times in 1941, 1943 1944, 1946, 1948, he defended the colors of the team. With his game for the team he attracted the attention of the coaching staff of the club "Flamengo", which he joined in 1949. He played for the team from Rio de Janeiro for the next two seasons of his playing career. Most of his time with Flamengo, he was a key player in the team's defense and he was highly praised for his leadership, marking opponents and a ball-winner and he formed a formidable defensive duo with Bigode which was considered to be one of the best defences ever. In 1951 he signed a contract with the club "Palmeiras", in which he spent the next three years of his career as a player. Playing for Palmeiras, he also mostly played for the main team. From 1954 to 1958 he defended the colors of the Bahia club, and ended his professional playing career at the Ipiranga (Bahia) club, for which he played from 1958 to 1960.

He made his debut on May 17, 1944 against Chile with 2-1 victory for the Brazilian national team. Despite being left out for two Copa América tournaments in 1945 and 1946, he was selected to play for Copa América in 1949 when Brazil won the tournament for the third time. During his career in the national team, which lasted 6 years, he played 22 matches and scored once. He was the main defender of the Brazilian national team at his home World Cup in 1950, taking part in all matches of the team in the tournament. In particular, he took part in the decisive match against the national team of Uruguay, in which the world champion was determined and in which the Brazilians were considered favorites, but unexpectedly lost 2-1 and received silver medals. He was blamed along with Barbosa and Bigode for the defeat and he retired from the Selecão, although his performance led him to be included in the "Team of the Tournament".

In the 1990s, Juvenal was left destitute, his legs were extremely sore due to arthritis in his right knee, which made him unable to walk, and survived only thanks to the help of his neighbors. Juvenal lived in a hut with holes in the roof without a toilet, kitchen or shower. Soon a telecast about the hard life of Juvenal was shown on Bailly's telecast. And after this report, many people responded to help the former football player, many helped with money, someone gave Juvenal a portable radio. He was transferred to a fee-paying clinic in Santo Antonio das Obras, and then began to pay for his trips to das Clínicas in Salvador, where a former football player and now a doctor, Luis Carlos Menezes, helped Juvenal learn to walk again. And in 2009, the government of the state of Bahia gave Juvenal a new house on Jahua street in the city Kamasari, consisting of a living room, two bedrooms, a kitchen and a small courtyard. On October 30, 2009, Juvenal, the last living Brazilian player to take the field in the 1950 World Cup final, died in the Camasari Public Hospital, where he had been sent 15 days earlier. The cause of death has not been determined.

!Total||22||1






Maneca

Manuel Marinho Alves, better known as Maneca (January 28, 1926 – July 14, 1961) was an association footballer who played as a striker. He was born in Salvador Bahia, Brazil.

Alves died at the age of 35 from cyanide poisoning.

Nena (footballer, born 1923)

Olavo Rodrigues Barbosa (11 July, 1923 – 17 November 2010) was a former Brazilian football player. He was known as "Nena". He played for Brazil national team. He died 17 November 2010 at 87 years old.



Noronha (footballer)

Alfredo Eduardo Barreto de Freitas Noronha (25 September 1918 – 27 July 2003) was a former Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil national team. Considered as one of the legends of the São Paulo club and is regarded to be one of the best players ever in his position, who was known for his defending skills and marking, tackling and his short and long passes. He played as a midfielder and as a left side defender. He formed with Bauer and Rui the midfield trio of the São Paulo multi-winner of the Paulista championship of the 1940s; he had great skills in leading the team, a good technique and a particular ability in the head shots. His nickname was "Cabrinha".

Noronha began his career in 1935 at the Gremio club, where he played until 1941, winning 4 state championships with the team. Then Noronha played for Vasco da Gama for a year, from whom he moved to Sao Paulo. As part of the Sao Paulo club, Noronha made his debut on July 10, 1942 and played for the team for 9 years, having played the last game on October 17, 1951. With São Paulo, Noronha won 5 São Paulo championships. Together with Bauer and Rui, he made up the so-called "Golden Trio", which was the backbone of the team. He later played for Portuguesa Desportos, Gremio and Ypiranga clubs.

Noronha played 16 matches for the Brazilian national team, he was the winner of the South American Championship in 1949, having played 7 games in the tournament, and a year later at the World Cup in 1950, where he played one match against Switzerland with a draw 2-2.

On July 17, 2003, Noronha was admitted to the Heart Institute of the University of São Paulo, and 10 days later on July 27, 2003, he died of heart failure. Noronha was buried the very next day.


Rui Campos

Rui Campos (born 2 August, 1922 – 2 January 2002) was a retired Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He played as a defender, more precisely as a free, at the beginning of his career and had good technique, but following his transfer to the São Paulo, he turned into a midfielder, a role he played with a certain offensive propensity, which allowed him to score several goals. He formed an excellent understanding with Bauer and Noronha, nicknamed the "Golden Trio," which made the São Paulo midfield one of the best in the world at the time. Rui was regarded as one of the best ever football players.

After starting his career in Bonsucesso, he moved to Fluminense, where he remained for two years; on 1 May 1944, he arrived at São Paulo, where thanks to his skills, he first formed part of the defense and then of the midfield, making himself decisive in both positions. He is remembered as one of the club's greatest idols. He left São Paulo in 1952, passing through Bangu and Palmeiras, retiring from the activity with the shirt of the latter team.

Rui played with the Brazilian national team from 1944 to 1950. With the national team, he won the Copa Roca in 1945, two Rio Branco Cups, and the South American Championship in 1949. In 1950, Rui was a team member that reached the final of the World Cup, however, the Brazilians lost to Uruguay. Like many participants in the final, Rui did not volunteer for the national team after this match.

Rui died on January 2, 2002, at the age of 79.

São Paulo

Brazil

Zizinho

Zizinho (14 September 1921 – 8 February 2002) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He reached the final of the FIFA World Cup with Brazil in 1950. Zizinho's performance at the tournament did ensure that he was voted the best player of the World Cup afterwards. Yet he never received the recognition that, for example, Pelé or Zico did. He is seen by many as one of the best football players of all time. He was lauded as a complete player, with an array of offensive skills such as his dribbling, passing, and shooting ability with both feet, as well as his accuracy from dead ball situations and extraordinary vision. He was nicknamed "Maestro Ziza".

Pele called him the best player he had ever seen: "Zizinho was a complete player. He was strong in the build-up and, most importantly, he had no fear of the brutal defenders". In 1999, Zizinho finished in fourth place in the IFFHS - organized election of the Brazilian Footballer of the 20th Century. 

From an early age, Zizinho's dream was to become a football player at America FC. He was told after a trial training that he had not been hired. The coaching staff was not convinced because he was of small build. Zizinho then took his chances at Flamengo, where he was allowed to play a test match against the main squad. Ten minutes before the end, he replaced the injured Leônidas da Silva and then scored two goals. Trainer Flávio Costa would have said afterwards: "Get your hair cut and come back tomorrow". At Flamengo, Zizinho went on to become one of the best players in the history of Brazilian football. Flamengo won the Campeonato Carioca in 1942, 1943 and 1944. After ten seasons, during which Zizinho had become Brazil's best player, he left Flamengo after being sold to Bangu without his knowledge. Bangu had left a small fortune for Zizinho. He is said to have said to club president: if you are willing to pay that much for me, then you must appreciate my game." In the first game against his former employer, Zizinho got his revenge by scoring two goals in the 6-0 win over Flamengo Zizinho also left his mark on the game in his seven years under contract with Bangu. At the age of 35, Zizinho moved to São Paulo, where he helped the club move to the Campeonato Paulista during his final season. In 1962, Zizinho ended his career with Chilean Audax Italiano at the age of 40.

He played his first international match on January 17, 1942 in a 2-1 loss against Argentina at the 1942 South American Championship. On February 3, 1946, he led the Brazilian team for the first time as captain, scoring 4 goals in a 5-1 win over Chile. He acted 18 times as captain. He also scored 2 goals in Brazil's highest international victory, the 10-1 win over Bolivia on April 10, 1949. After taking the first international prize with the Brazilian national team in 1949 in the form of the Copa America, Zizinho made his appearance at the 1950 FIFA World Cup. Brazil hosted the tournament and built the Maracanã, at the time the largest stadium in the world, especially for this purpose. They played a good tournament with Zizinho as the star. The Italian sports newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport described Zizinho as the footballing Leonardo da Vinci: "he created works of art with his feet on the immense field of the Maracanã". Sports journalist Hugo Meisl wrote after the match between Brazil and Spain: "We are not talking about simply a good footballer who you meet in various parts of the world. This is a genius. A man who has all the qualities that a footballer wishes to approach perfection." The divine Canaries reached the final, but the nearly 175,000 in attendance at the Maracanã saw Brazil lose 2-1 to Uruguay, which had been previously favorited. Although Zizinho was named the best player of the World Cup afterwards, the tournament was the biggest disappointment of his career but he was not blamed for the defeat at all. Years later, Zizinho indicated that he had never been able to handle the disappointment about the lost final. After the World Cup, Zizinho toyed with the idea of ​​giving up football altogether. After three years of absence, he returned to the Brazilian selection in 1953. During that period, however, he came into conflict with columnist Jose Lins do Rego, who criticized the Brazilian players after they lost the final of the Campeonato Sul-Americano. Zizinho parried the criticism, but it is said that his outspokenness cost him his participation in the 1954 World Cup as he was not invited by national team coach Zezé Moreira. This sparked a national debate in Brazil, but the exact reasons Zizinho was not called up have never been revealed. In 1958, when Zizinho was 36 years old, he was selected to participate four days before Brazil was to travel to Sweden for the 1958 World Cup. However, he declined and said afterwards: "I couldn't accept it. I wasn't the youngest anymore. It wouldn't have been right because there were already players in training. I just regret that I was never able to realize my wish to play with Pele". Zizinho won in total 53 caps, scoring 30 goals.

In addition to the aforementioned stay at the Chilean Audax Italiano, where Zizinho served as player-coach, the Brazilian also coached America from São Paulo, Bangu, Vasco da Gama and the Brazil Olympic team, with which he won the 1967 Pan American Games. His coaching career was not as successful as his playing one.

Zizinho died at the age of 80 at his daughter's house in Niterói. He had been suffering from a heart condition for years.
!Total||53||30





Flávio Costa

Flávio Rodrigues da Costa (14 September 1906 – 22 November 1999) was a former Brazilian football player. He played for Flamengo.

From 1926 until 1936, Costa played 145 matches, mostly as a midfielder, in the black and red jerseys of Flamengo, scoring 15 goals.

The climax of his playing career was winning the state championship of Rio de Janeiro in 1927.

WrestleMania X

WrestleMania X was the tenth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event. It was produced by the World Wrestling Federation. It happened at Madison Square Garden in New York, New York on March 20, 1994. The main part of the pay-per-view was the WWF Championship, which lasted two matches. Lex Luger challenged the champion Yokozuna first. Luger was later for pushing the referee. Bret Hart faced Yokozuna later in the event. He won the championship by beating Yokozuna. This led to a long worked feud between Bret and his brother Owen. Owen beat Bret in the opening match of the pay-per-view.

Infantilism

Infantilism or Paraphilic infantilism is a paraphilic desire to wear diapers and be treated like an infant, or more commonly, a toddler. Such people are usually referred to as "Infantilists" or "Adult babies".

Some "Infantilists" are diaper lovers (DL) as well, so they are usually referred to as "AB/DLs". Most infantilists are heterosexual, or straight males.

Infantilism or diaper fetishes are different in self image and the focus of attention. Both ideals can be found in the same person at the same time and are similar. However, it must be said that both are related to having a sexual preference for children, or pedophilia. In any case, there is no single form, but a variety of infantilism types. Some infantilists are not obvious and try to blend in, while others wish they could be free of all guilt and responsibilities. All variations focus on diapers and babyhood.

GMA Dove Awards

The Gospel Music Association (GMA) Dove Awards are an awards show set to honor the best in Christian music. The awards were first awarded in 1969.

Cognitive distortions

Cognitive distortions are irrational or exaggerated thoughts that can cause some psychological problems to become worse. By following these wrong thought, they make if very hard to do the things they want to do. This may cause problems such as depression. 

There are many forms of cognitive distortions. Some of these include:



Swine influenza

Swine influenza virus is a virus that is common in pigs. This type of influenza virus can also infect humans and birds. Swine influenza virus is sometimes called SIV or swine flu.

Swine flu is common in pigs. Normally, it only infects people who have been in close contact with pigs. However, the disease can spread from one person to another. Swine flu can cause fever, disorientation (not being clear-headed), stiffness of the joints, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. Sometimes this ends in death. There are different types, or strains, of swine flu. They are called H1N1, H1N2, H3N1, H3N2, and H2N3.

H1N1 came from the Spanish flu, which caused a pandemic in humans in 1918 and 1919. New viruses came from the Spanish flu. These viruses became common in pigs. Every once in a while, the viruses spread from pigs to humans. This has happened during the 20th century. (However, they happened at the same time as the flu epidemics that happen every year. Because of this, it is hard to tell the difference between 'normal' influenza and swine influenza.) Infections that spread from pigs to humans are rare. Scientists only know of 12 known cases in the United States since 2005.

It is very difficult to prevent the flu virus. This is because the virus changes all the time. If a person gets the flu, his body forms antibodies to fight that virus off if it happens again. But since the flu virus changes all the time, a person's antibodies may not recognize the virus the next time it happens, because it is different. The same thing happens with vaccines.

The changes in the flu virus can cause a flu pandemic. For example, the virus might only change a little bit in about two to three years. After about ten years, most people will have developed antibodies to fight these small changes. But if the virus then changes a lot, there can be a pandemic. Hundreds of millions of people suddenly realize that the antibodies they developed are useless. Even during the Spanish flu pandemic, the first wave of the disease was relatively mild, while the second wave was very deadly.

In 1957, an Asian flu pandemic infected about 45 million Americans and killed 70,000. Eleven years later, from 1968 to 1969, the Hong Kong flu pandemic infected 50 million Americans and caused 33,000 deaths. It also cost about $3.9 billion. In 1976, about 500 soldiers became infected with swine flu over a few weeks. However, by the end of the month, investigators found that the virus had "mysteriously disappeared", and there were no more signs of swine flu. There were a small number of isolated (far-apart) cases around the U.S. These were in people who were thought to have caught the virus from pigs.

Scientists fear the swine flu virus might mutate, or change, into a pandemic as deadly as the 1918/1919 pandemic. They watched the outbreak in 2009, and made plans about what to do if a global pandemic breaks out.

The main symptoms of the swine influenza is much the same as regular influenza. Symptoms include vomiting, nausea, runny nose, loss of appetite, lethargy (feeling tired), chills, fever, body aches, sore throat, coughing, diarrhea, and stomach ache.

The bird flu virus H3N2 is endemic in pigs in China. It has been found in pigs in Vietnam. Specialists also think that this might lead to new variations of the influenza virus. Pigs can carry human influenza viruses. These viruses can combine in new ways, and exchange certain genes with H5N1. Through mutation, this would create a form of the virus that can pass easily among humans. H3N2 evolved from H2N2 by antigenic shift. In August 2004, researchers in China found H5N1 in pigs.

In 2005 it was discovered that H5N1 could be infecting up to half of the pig population in some areas of Indonesia, but without showing symptoms. Chairul Nidom, a virologist at Airlangga University's tropical disease center in Surabaya, East Java, did some independent research: he tested the blood of 10 apparently healthy pigs housed near poultry farms in West Java where avian flu had broken out, "Nature" reported. Five of the pig samples contained the H5N1 virus. The Indonesian government has since found similar results in the same region. Additional tests of 150 pigs outside the area were negative.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a United States government agency, reports that the symptoms and transmission of the swine flu from human to human is much like seasonal flu. Usually, the symptoms are fever, lethargy (feeling tired), lack of appetite and coughing. Some people with swine flu also have reported runny nose, sore throat, nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea. It is believed to be spread between humans when an infected person coughs or sneezes and then touches something. Another person then might touch the same thing with the virus on it and then touch their own nose or mouth. The swine flu in humans is most contagious during the first five days of the illness although some people, most commonly children, can be contagious for up to ten days. Diagnosis can be made by sending a specimen (sample), collected during the first five days, for analysis.

The Swine Flu is susceptible to four licensed drugs in the United States, amantadine, rimantadine, oseltamivir and zanamivir. However, for the 2009 outbreak, it was recommended it be treated with oseltamivir and zanamivir. The vaccine for the human seasonal flu does not protect against the swine flu.
The virus has evolved. This has made Swine influenza a bigger problem, mainly because traditional vaccines against influenza do not always work against Swine influenza. There are special vaccines against Swine influenza, but they only work if the virus strain is similar to some extent. In the cases more difficult to treat, special vaccines are produced. These are very similar, as they are made to match the specific virus strain.

Present vaccination strategies for SIV control and prevention in swine farms use vaccines commercially available in the United States. The protective ability of influenza vaccines depends primarily on the closeness of the match between the vaccine virus and the epidemic virus. The current vaccine against the seasonal influenza strain H1N1 is thought unlikely to provide protection. The director of CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases said that the United States' cases were found to be made up of genetic elements from four different flu viruses—North American swine influenza, North American avian influenza, human influenza A virus subtype H1N1, and swine influenza virus typically found in Asia and Europe. On two cases, a complete genome sequence had been obtained. She said that the virus is resistant to amantadine and rimantadine, but susceptible to oseltamivir (Tamiflu) and zanamivir (Relenza).

A new strain of swine influenza A called H1N1 was responsible for the swine flu outbreak in 2009 in humans. It came from a combination of several strains of influenza in humans and influenza in birds and swine influenza. Tests were done. Testers found that the hemagglutinin gene was similar to that of swine flu viruses that had already been found in pigs in the United States since 1999, but the neuraminidase and matrix protein genes resembled versions in European swine. Viruses like this had not been found in humans or pigs before. There is no program to monitor what viruses are circulating in pigs in the United States, however it began in Mexico, North America.

In 2009, the government of Egypt ordered over 300,000 pigs killed to prevent the spread of H1N1, even though experts said the pigs were not going to spread H1N1 anyway. Most of the pigs' owners were not paid for their dead pigs.

In 2015, the World Health Organization made itself some rules for naming viruses: No official name is allowed to refer to a place, person or animal. This is to prevent stigma, or blame. The WHO rules list "swine flu" as an example of what not to do when naming a virus or disease.


Swine Flu h1n1

Myers-Briggs Type Indicator

The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) is a set of questions based on psychology. By answering the questions, people can learn about how they tend to make choices. They can also learn about how they view the world. After answering the questions in the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, people are placed in one of sixteen groups. These groups are based on theories by Carl Gustav Jung in his book "Psychological Types" (1921).

Katharine Cook Briggs and her daughter Isabel Briggs Myers created the first set of questions during World War II. The set of questions was made to help women who were working for the first time. Katharine Cook Briggs and Isabel Briggs Meyers thought that the set of questions would help women be happier and work better. The set of questions has grown into the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator. The MBTI that we use today was created in 1962.

Though there are sixteen types, it is stated that there is no best type. The types are considered all equal.

The MBTI measures four things. The first is extraversion (E) and introversion (I). Extroverts are people who get energy from the outside world. Extroverts like to spend their time with other people. Introverts are people who get energy from the inside world. Introverts tend to get energy from thinking and reflecting.

The second measure is sensing (S) and intuition (N). Sensing and intuition are ways of gathering information. People who are sensing trust facts. Sensing people accept things if they can see, hear, touch, taste, or smell them. People who tend to like intuition are more likely to accept outcomes based on other people and meanings that cannot be tested.

The third measure is thinking (T) and feeling (F). Thinking and feeling are ways that people make decisions. Those who prefer thinking tend to make decisions alone. They heavily weigh reason, good sense, order, and cause and effect. Those who prefer feeling are more likely to think of the effect that a decision may have on other people. They tend to try to gain balance and agreement with everyone that is involved.

Those who prefer thinking do not “think better” than those who prefer Feeling, and those who prefer feeling do not make decisions based only on people.

The last measure is of judging (J) and perceiving (P). Judging and perceiving detail how people deal with the outside world. A person who likes Judging tends to report that they use Thinking or feeling to deal with the outside world. A person who likes perceiving tends to report that they use sensing or intuition to deal with the outside world.

A Myers Briggs type is made up of each of the preferences above. For example an ESTJ would be a person who prefers extraversion, sensing, thinking, and judging. An INFP would be a person who prefers introversion, intuition, feeling, and perceiving.


Pragmatism

It is a type of philosophy. It says that whatever works for you is true.
The linking of practice and theory.


Anal Cunt

Anal Cunt is an American grindcore band from Newton, Massachusetts. They have been categorized as grindcore, noisecore, and hardcore. The band were famous for refusing to follow society's expected levels of behaviour. This non-conformity can be seen in the name of the band, and songs with titles such as "Recycling is Gay", "Kill Women" and "Eazy E got AIDS from Freddie Mercury".

The lead singer, Seth Putnam, died on June 11, 2011, from a heart attack.


Country code top-level domain

A country code top-level domain (ccTLD) is an Internet top-level domain generally used or reserved for a country (a sovereign state or a dependent territory).

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Only for legal registered domains



























Troll 3

Troll 3 is a 1990 horror movie directed by Joe D'Amato and Fabrizio Laurenti.

"Troll 3" has no connection to the original "Troll" or "Troll 2". Like "Troll 2", it has in fact no trolls. "Troll 2" had been about goblins, while "Troll 3" is about killer plants. The movie is also known as Creepers, Contamination .7, Troll III: Contamination Point 7, or The Crawlers. It is critically panned, like its predecessors.

Bouvet Island

Bouvet Island (, also historically known as Liverpool Island or Lindsay Island) is an island in the southern part of the Atlantic Ocean. It is in the sub-antarctic areas, 2500 km (1500 miles) south-southwest of the Cape of Good Hope (South Africa).

It belongs to Norway and is not subject to the Antarctic Treaty (which says that land south of 60°S, including Antarctica, does not belong to any country). It is the most remote island in the world, which means that is farther from other land than any other island on Earth. The closest piece of land to the island is Queen Maud Land in Antarctica, which is more than 1600 km (994 miles) away. Nobody lives there, and there are rarely any visitors.

The island is volcanic and has high cliffs on all sides (created by high waves over thousands of years). Because of these cliffs, people usually only go to the island by flying in a helicopter. 90% of its area is covered by glaciers (ice).

In January 2015 a new research station was put on Bouvet Island, for use by research expeditions.

The climate is cold and does not change much, with an average of +1 °C in the warmest month, and −3 °C in the coldest.

There are penguins, sea birds and seals on the island.


Crossosomatales

The Crossosomatales are an order, newly recognized by the AGP II, of flowering plants, included within the Rosids, which are part of the eudicots.

Waterfowl

Waterfowl are any type of bird that spends a lot of its life in or near water. However, it mostly refers to the family Anatidae, which are ducks, geese and swans.

The term can be used more widely to include birds such as coots, grebes, moorhens, shorebirds and seabirds.

A very similar term is "water bird", which is used in contrast to waders, which walk about in shallow water.

Occidental College

Occidental College is a small college in Los Angeles, California. Several famous people, such as Barack Obama, have attended the college. Its name comes from the Latin for "western".

The college was started in 1887 and moved to where it is now in 1914. Many of its early buildings were designed by Myron Hunt. After World War II, Oxy became known both for being a very good school and for student protests. Its current president is Jonathan Veitch.

The school has 1,825 students. The school is 60% female and 40% male.

All Occidental students must take a “Core Program” that includes classes in writing, the arts, humanities, foreign languages, math and science. Occidental is known for student research projects. Many of Occidental's students study at the United Nations, in Washington, DC, and in other countries.

Occidental has Division III sports teams in 19 sports, including football, basketball, baseball and soccer.

Famous students include Barack Obama (for two years), Ben Affleck, Luke Wilson, Jack Kemp, and Patt Morrison.

Occidental has been in many movies, including "Fired Up", "", and "Beverly Hills, 90210". It has also appeared in hundreds of advertisements.

Afonsinho (footballer, born 1914)

Afonso Guimarães da Silva, best known as Afonsinho (born in Rio de Janeiro, March 8, 1914 – February 19, 1997), is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Argemiro

Argemiro Pinheiro da Silva known as Argemiro (3 June 1915 – 4 July 1975) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team at the 1938 FIFA World Cup finals.

Batatais (footballer)

Algisto Lorenzato (May 20, 1910 – July 16, 1960), is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

José Augusto Brandão

José Augusto Brandão (April 21, 1911 – July 20, 1989) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Britto (footballer)

Hermínio Américo de Brito, nicknamed Britto (born May 6, 1914) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

Domingos da Guia

Domingos Antônio da Guia (born in Rio de Janeiro, November 19, 1912 – died in Rio, May 18, 2000) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He is regarded as one of the best defenders of all time. He is considered one of the greatest idols in the history of Flamengo and Corinthians and the best central defender in Brazil in the 1930s. Nicknamed "The Divine Master". The way he played he led a revolution in football, he liked to keep the ball next to his foot and he never punted away. Watching him was true entertainment, and if isn't enough, he was solid and consistent in his marking.

Domingos was born into a very humble family in the Bangu neighborhood. He worked for a few years in a textile factory before starting to play for Bangu in the Rio de Janeiro tournament.

He quickly gained fame as one of the main players (central defender) of Bangu between the years 1929-1932. Despite the fact that Bangu had a history of black players (Francisco Carregal was the first in 1905) Domingos witnessed racism in soccer as he grew up. Seeing the brutality some of the black players received is believed to have inspired Domingo's extraordinary ability to dribble the ball around defenders, a trait Brazilians would become famous for around the world. After Bangu, Domingos moved to Uruguay 's National Football Club for just one season, after brief spells at Vasco da Gama (Brazil), in the Club Atlético Boca Juniors (Argentina) and then finding a home in Flamengo (between the years 1935-1943). A brief spell at Corinthians saw Domingos return to his beloved Bangu in 1947 where he would stay until his retirement in 1950.

In the Brazilian national team, Domingos played 30 matches, of which the team won 19, drew 3 and lost 8. He made his debut for the national team on July 2, 1931, when the Brazilian national team defeated Ferencváros 6-1. He wasn't selected to play for the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He was left out to be in the Brazilian squad that took part for the Copa América in 1937. He played in the 1938 FIFA World Cup, with Brazil taking third place. With the national team as a team captain and he was selected as one of the best defenders during that tournament, he won the Rio Branco Cup in 1931 and 1932, and the Roca Cup in 1945 as team captain. And he participated in three Copa América tournaments in 1942 when Brazil finished third, 1945 and 1946 when Brazil finished as runners-up.




Hércules (footballer, born 1912)

Hércules de Miranda (2 July, 1912 – 3 September, 1982) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.

Jaú (footballer)

Euclydes Barbosa, also known as Jaú (; December 7, 1909, São Paulo – February 26, 1988) was an association footballer who played in the central defender position.

Zéca Lopes

José dos Santos Lopes (1 November 1910 or 25 February 1911 – 28 August 1996), known as Zéca Lopes, was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Luisinho (footballer, born 1911)

Luís Mesquita de Oliveira, best known as Luisinho, (29 March 1911, in Rio de Janeiro – 27 December 1983, in São Paulo) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.He was son of Ernesto Luiz de Oliveira and Cecilia Mesquita de Oliveira, and was the fifth of seven brothers and one sister. One brother, Carlos, was football player, but for short time, because become a doctor. Luiz Mesquita de Oliveira was a lawyer for many years for the São Paulo government

Arthur Machado

Arthur Machado (1 January 1909 – 20 February 1997) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.

Martim Silveira

Martim Mércio da Silveira (2 March 1911 – 26 May 1972) better known as Martín Mercío Silveyra, was an Argentine-born Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Nariz (footballer)

Álvaro Lopes Cançado (February 8, 1912 – September 19, 1984) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

Niginho

Niginho (12 February, 1912 – 5 September, 1975) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.

Patesko

Rodolpho Barteczko (born 12 November, 1910 – 13 March, 1988) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Widely considered one of the most complete left-wingers in Brazilian football at his time, offensive, good dribbler and finisher. 

Patesko, a fast left winger, comes from a Polish immigrant family. He originally played in his native city of Curitiba, the capital of the southern Brazilian state of Paraná, with Palestra Itália FC, which was later merged into what is now Paraná Clube after two mergers.

After playing for Gremio Esportivo Força e Luz in the riograndenser capital of Porto Alegre in 1932, he moved to Montevideo in 1932 to play there under coach Ondino Viera for the local Nacional. In the 1933 Uruguayan championship , Nacional tied on points with CA Peñarol at the end of the yearin first place. Patesko was absent from the three title playoffs where Nacional won the title, all of which took place in 1934, the last of which was in November. Presumably, Nacional and Patesko parted ways in February 1934. In March and April, the press reported that transfers to SC Corinthians Paulista in São Paulo and CR Vasco da Gama in Rio had already taken place, but neither of these came about. It was rumored that Patesko had had temporary contracts with two clubs. He played other games for the Cebedenses.

At the end of 1934, he was hired by Botafogo FC in Rio, where he made his debut on December 9th in a 1-1 friendly against Vasco da Gama. With Botafogo he immediately won the championship of Rio de Janeiro from 1935. He stayed with Botafogo until the end of his career in 1943, although he also played for Atlético Mineiro in a friendly match in September 1941.

He was eventually signed by the Brazilian federation CBF, with whose selection he competed in the 1934 World Cup participated in Italy. There he played for the Seleção in the 3-1 first-round loss against Spain. He continued to be a regular for the national team, with which he finished second at the 1937 South American Championship. At the 1938 World Cup in France, he was third with Brazil. It was followed by a third place at the South American Championship in 1942. He earned 34 matches with 11 goals. 

After his playing career, Patesko worked in Rio de Janeiro at the Hipódromo da Gávea, the city's racecourse. At the time he had lost all contact with his family, he was the father of a son.

On the morning of March 13, 1988, Patesko died of tuberculosis in a hospital in Curicica, a western Rio neighborhood. His former club was informed of this by a call from a fan. The club's board of directors organized a proper funeral for the club's idol. His former team-mate João Saldanha, a major sports journalist in his later career and also national coach before the 1970 World Cup, said that he was a fan of Patesko

José Perácio

José Perácio Berjun, also known as Perácio (2 November 1917 in Nova Lima – 10 March 1977 in Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.

Roberto (footballer, born 1912)

Roberto Emílio da Cunha, best known as Roberto (born in Niterói, June 20, 1912; died March 20, 1977) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. 

Romeu Pellicciari

Romeu Pellicciari, also known as Romeu (born in Jundiai, March 26, 1911 – died in São Paulo, July 15, 1971) was an association footballer. He played as a striker.

Tim (footballer)

Elba de Pádua Lima (20 February 1915 – 7 July 1984), best known by the nickname Tim, was a Brazilian footballer and coach.

Walter (footballer, born 1912)

Walter de Souza Goulart (17 July 1912 – 13 November 1951), known as just Walter, was a Brazilian footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played for Brazil national team at the 1938 FIFA World Cup finals, where they managed a third-place finish.

Zezé Procópio

José Procópio Mendes, best known as Zezé Procópio (August 12, 1913 in Varginha, Minas Gerais State – February 8, 1980 in Valença, Rio de Janeiro State) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Adhemar Pimenta

Adhemar Pimenta (12 April, 1896 – 26 August, 1970) was a Brazilian football manager.

Ariel Nogueira

Ariel Augusto Nogueira (born 22 February 1910, date of death unknown) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Armandinho (footballer)

Armando "Armandinho" dos Santos (June 3, 1911 in São Carlos – May 26, 1972 in Santos), commonly known as Armandinho was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.

Áttila (footballer)

Áttila de Carvalho (born 16 December 1910, date of death unknown) was a Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil's national team.

Heitor Canalli

Heitor Canalli (31 March 1910 – 21 July 1990) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Carvalho Leite

Carlos Antônio Dobbert de Carvalho Leite (June 25, 1912 – July 19, 2004), best known as Carvalho Leite is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.



Germano (footballer, born 1911)

Germano Boettcher Sobrinho (14 March 1911 – 9 June 1977) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Luiz Luz

Luis dos Santos Luz (29 November 1909–27 August 2989) was a former Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil national team.

Octacílio

Octacílio Pinheiro Guerra (21 November 1909–26 February 1967) was a former Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.

Pedrosa (footballer)

Roberto Gomes Pedrosa (8 July 1913 – 6 January 1954) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Sylvio Hoffmann

Sylvio Hoffmann Mazzi (15 May 1908 – 15 November 1991) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Tinoco (Brazilian footballer)

Alfredo Alves Tinoco (2 December 1904 – 4 July 1975) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Wálter Guimarães

Wálter Guimarães (17 May 1913 – 21 February 1979) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Waldemar de Brito

Waldemar de Brito (, 17 May 1913 – 21 February 1979) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He is acknowledged to have discovered Pelé during the latter's early footballing days. His brother, Petronilho de Brito, was also a footballer. Regarded to be one of the best forwards of all time. De Brito was known as a goalscorer who beat any goalkeepers with his dribbling skills and beating opponents and he has been considered as one greatest dribblers in the 1930s.

Luiz Vinhaes

Luiz Vinhaes (born 10 December, 1896) is a former Brazilian football manager.

São Cristóvão

Bangu

Araken Patusca

Abraham Patusca da Silveira, best known as Araken Patusca or Araken (17 July 1905 – 24 January 1990), or Araken, is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.



Benedicto (footballer)

Benedicto de Moraes Menezes (30 October 1906 – 11 February 1944) was a Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil national team.


Benevenuto (footballer)

Humberto de Araújo Benvenuto (4 December 1904, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil — 24 July 1949, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.

Brilhante (footballer)

Alfredo "Brilhante" da Costa, best known as Brilhante (November 5, 1904 – June 8, 1980) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.



Alfredo Almeida Rego

Alfredo "Doca" de Almeida Rego (14 May 1905 – 30 July 1988) was a Brazilian football player. He played for Brazil national team.

Fausto dos Santos

Fausto dos Santos (28 January 1905 – 28 March 1939) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He died at the age of 34 of tuberculosis.



Fernando Giudicelli

Fernando Guidicelli (1 March 1906 – 28 December 1968) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Fortes (footballer)

Agostinho Fortes Filho (9 September, 1901 – 2 May 1966) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.



Hermógenes Fonseca

Hermógenes Valente Fonseca (born 4 November 1908, date of death unknown) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Itália (footballer)

Luiz Gervazoni (22 May 1907 – 1963) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.



Ivan Mariz

Ivan Mariz (January 16, 1910 – May 13, 1982) was a former Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national team.


Joel (footballer, born 1904)

Joel de Oliveira Monteiro (1 May 1904 – 6 April 1990) is a former Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazilian national team.


Manoelzinho (footballer, born 1907)

Manoel de Aguiar Fagundes (22 August 1907 – 22 November 1953) is a former Brazilian football player.

Moderato (footballer)

Moderato Wisintainer, also Visintainer, in line-ups generally Moderato, (14 July 1902 in Alegrete (RS) – 31 January 1986 in Pelotas (RS)) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Nilo (footballer)

Nilo Murtinho Braga, best known as Nilo (April 3, 1903 – February 7, 1975) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.




Oscarino

Oscarino Costa Silva, best known as Oscarino (January 17, 1907 – September 16, 1990) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Pamplona (footballer)

Estanislau de Figueiredo Pamplona, best known as Pamplona (born in Belém, Pará State, 24 March 1904 – 29 October 1973) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Poly (footballer)

Policarpo Ribeiro de Oliveira (21 December 1907 – May 1986) was a Brazilian football player. He played for the Brazil national football team at the 1930 FIFA World Cup finals.

Preguinho

João Coelho Neto, known more commonly as Preguinho (8 February 1905 – 1 October 1979) is a former Brazilian football player. He was the first Brazilian player to score a goal at FIFA World Cup playing for Brazil national team.

Russinho (footballer, born 1902)

Moacyr Siqueira de Queiroz (18 December 1902 – 14 August 1992), known as Russinho, was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national football team at the 1930 FIFA World Cup finals.



Teóphilo

Teóphilo Bettencourt Pereira (11 April 1900 – 10 April 1988) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.



Velloso (footballer, born 1908)

Oswaldo de Barros Velloso (25 August 1908 – 8 August 1996) pois a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.




Zé Luiz (footballer, born 1904)

José Luiz "Zé Luiz" de Oliveira (born 16 November 1904, date of death unknown) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Píndaro

Píndaro de Carvalho Rodrigues (1 June 1892 in São Paulo – 30 August 1965 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

A Vindication of the Rights of Woman

A Vindication of the Rights of Woman: with Strictures on Political and Moral Subjects is a book written by Mary Wollstonecraft in 1792. Today, it is known as one of the first books about feminism. In the 18th century, some people thought that women should not get a formal education. Wollstonecraft wrote this work as a reply to them. She says that women should have an education that fits their position in society. She says women are very important to the nation, because it is women who usually educate their children. She says that an educated woman can also be companions to their husbands, rather than just uneducated wives. Wollstonecraft does not see women as ornaments to society, or property to be traded in marriage. She argues that they are human beings, and therefore deserve the same basic rights men have.

In 1791, Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord wrote a report to the French National Assembly. In this report, he argued, that women should only receive a very basic education. 
Wollstonecraft used this report to write her reply. She also led an attack on the sexual double standards the society of the day had. She also indicted men for encouraging women to indulge in lots of emotion. Wollstonecraft wrote the "Rights of Woman" quickly so that she could directly respond to ongoing events; she wanted to write a more thoughtful second volume, but died before doing so.

Wollstonecraft calls for equality between the sexes in particular areas of life, such as morality, but she does not write that men and women are equal in all things. This has made it difficult to classify Wollstonecraft as a modern feminist as they believe men and women are equal in all things. She could not use either the word or the concept of "feminism", because they were only developed later. Today, many people believe that her work was not received well, but this may be wrong. People who believe this also believe that Wollstonecraft was as reviled during her lifetime as she became after the publication of William Godwin's "Memoirs of the Author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman" (1798). However, the "Rights of Woman" was actually well-received when it was first published in 1792. One biographer has called it "perhaps the most original book of [Wollstonecraft's] century".

Jake Humphrey

Jake Humphrey (born 7 October 1978) is an English television presenter. He was born in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire and moved to Norwich, Norfolk when he was nine. He lives in London. He is known for his work with BBC Sport. He currently hosts the BBC's Formula One coverage.

Pole position

Pole position is when a racing driver starts first on the grid in a race. Before a race, all the drivers see who goes around the fastest. The person who has the fastest time starts at the front, in pole position, and then so on according to their times. Pole position is the best place to start.

University of California, Los Angeles

The University of California, Los Angeles, or UCLA, is a university in Los Angeles, California. It was started in 1919. It is often listed among America's best universities. 

The school was originally a college for teachers, but became a university in 1919, and has been called UCLA since 1927. It was originally in Hollywood, but is now in Westwood. In 1950, it gained independence from the University of California, Berkeley. During the 1960s and 1970s, there were many student protests .

The school has buildings designed by several famous architects, numerous gardens, fountains, and museums. It has academic programs in many fields, including a very famous Film School and medical programs in association with several hospitals.

UCLA has many good sports teams on the Division I level. Their teams, which play in the Pacific-12 Conference, are called the Bruins, or small bears. These teams have won 103 championships. The basketball team plays in Pauley Pavilion and has won 11 championships with players such as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Bill Walton and Gail Goodrich. The football team plays in the Rose Bowl stadium, site of the bowl game of the same name. UCLA also has good volleyball and water polo teams, and has sent hundreds of athletes to the Olympic Games. UCLA has a strong rivalry with USC, the other university in Los Angeles, in all sports. There are lesser rivalries with Stanford, Cal and Notre Dame.



Steve Morse

Steven J. "Steve" Morse is an American rock guitarist and songwriter. He was born on July 28, 1954 in Hamilton, Ohio. He began by starting the band Dixie Dregs in 1975. They played southern rock music. He is most famous for being the guitarist in the band Deep Purple. He was also a member of Kansas for a while. He has had a successful solo career.

He plays rock, country, classical and jazz fusion styles of music.







Eric Johnson

Eric Johnson is a guitarist from the USA. He was born on August 17, 1954 in Austin, Texas. he is known for his song "Cliffs of Dover" which won the Grammy award in 1991.



Supercontinent

A supercontinent is a large area of land which has more than one continental core, or craton. They are formed by continental plates coming together. Continental plates have periodically collided and assembled in periods of orogeny (mountain-building) to form supercontinents. The cycle of supercontinents forming, breaking up, separating, and re-forming through plate tectonics happens about every 2000 million years.

Eurasia is certainly a supercontinent, but the Americas are usually thought of as separate continents. Even more clearly, Gondwana and Laurasia were supercontinents formed by the breakup of the global supercontinent Pangaea.

The land bridge between North and South America is geologically a rather temporary connection. Because of this, the Americas are usually not described as one supercontinent.

Throughout Earth's history, there have been many supercontinents. In order of age (oldest to newest), the ancient supercontinents were:
[[Category: chocolate
Åland Islands

The Åland Islands (Swedish: "Åland" (pronounced ), Finnish: "Ahvenanmaa") form an archipelago in the Baltic Sea. It is at the entrance to the Gulf of Bothnia and forms an autonomous, demilitarized, monolingually Swedish-speaking administrative province, region and historical province of Finland. It is the smallest province of Finland, with 0.5% of Finland's population and 0.49% of the land area.


Spatula

A Spatula, also called a turner, or a fish slice, is a kitchen tool with a long handle and a flat top, used for lifting food.

Spatulas have a handle that is long enough to keep the user's hand away from what they want to lift, flip, or scrap.
The blade is usually somewhat flexible, and shiny. Spatula blades are often longer on the right side than the left. Most have long slots on the blades to allow liquids to go through, though some have simple holes or no holes at all.

Spatulas are usually made of plastic or metal, with a wooden or plastic handle to keep it away from heat. Spatulas made for outdoor grilling have very long handles.

Spatulas can be colorful or have designs on them. They can be used as art in the home.

Tim Walberg

Tim Walberg (born April 12, 1951) is a Republican politician. He is a social and economic conservative. He won his campaigns with clear support for President Bush's War in Iraq, tax cuts, and opposition to "pork barrel" spending. He was defeated in the 2008 election by Mark Schauer. He lives in Tipton, Michigan with his wife Sue and their children Matthew, Heido and Caleb.

He was elected back to Congress in November 2010, this time defeating Schauer, and thus will be going back in January 2011.

Pork barrel

The term pork barrel means politicians using government money to spend on the place they represent, giving it to their supporters and their local area. The word comes from American English. Slave owners in America used to give salted pork in a barrel to their slaves. In election campaigns, the term 'pork barrel' is used to attack political rivals, because it is a selfish kind of politics that is thinking about only one region and not the whole country. However, it is also a technical term describing how politicians get and use government money for local projects.


Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam

The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) is an organization. They fought the Sri Lankan Civil War against the Government of Sri Lanka for an independent Tamil state in Sri Lanka called "Tamil Eelam". LTTE are also known as the "Tamil Tigers". The group was started in 1972 by Velupillai Prabhakaran who was killed in battle against Sri Lanka's forces on May 18, 2009. Prabhakaran's body was cremated because the government did not want people to gather around his grave. There is also the Tamil Nadu Liberation Army who is currently fighting the Indian Army in South India. This group killed the third president of Sri Lanka, Ranasinghe Premadasa.

Cape Morris Jesup

Cape Morris Jesup is the northernmost point of mainland Greenland.

In 1892 when Robert Peary reached the cape he said that it was the northernmost point of land. Later it was discovered that Kaffeklubben Island was slightly north of Cape Morris Jesup. Cape Morris Jesup was named after Morris Ketchum Jesup, an American philanthropist.


Flying fish

Flying fish are marine oceanic fishes of the family Exocoetidae. They are over 50 species, and they live worldwide in warm waters. They can glide in the air just above the water. They are all small, with a maximum length of about 45 cm (18 inches), and have winglike, rigid fins and an unevenly forked tail. 

They do not fly actively: their fins do not flap. What they do is speed towards the surface and keep on going. When they leave the water they glide, sometimes for a surprising distance. It is generally thought to be an adaptation which helps them escape predators.

The glides are usually up to in length. Some have been observed soaring for hundreds of metres using the updraft on the leading edges of waves. The fish can also make a series of glides, each time dipping the tail into the water to produce forward thrust. The longest recorded series of glides, with the fish only periodically dipping its tail in the water, was for 45 seconds.

It has been suggested that the genus "Exocoetus" is on an evolutionary borderline between flight and gliding. It flaps its enlarged pectoral fins when airborne, but still seems only to glide, as there is no hint of a power stroke.

The earliest known flying fish were in the Middle Triassic.

Slate gray

Slate gray is a gray color with a little bit of azure blue in it. It is the usual color of the material slate.

The first recorded use of "slate gray" as a color name in English was in 1705.


Robert Huth

Robert Huth (born 18 August 1984) is a German football player. He plays for Stoke City and Germany national team.

95||2||15||1||4||0||11||1||125||4
95||2||15||1||4||0||11||1||125||4

!Total||19||2

Sebastian Kehl

Sebastian Kehl (born 13 February 1980) is a German former football player.

Borussia Dortmund

Germany

Individual

Jens Nowotny

Jens Nowotny (born 11 January 1974) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

334||11
10||0
344||11

!Total||48||1

Oyster card

The Oyster card is a form of electronic ticketing used on public transport services within London. It is promoted by Transport for London and is valid on a number of different travel systems across London including London Underground, buses, the Docklands Light Railway (DLR), London Overground, trams, some river boat services and most National Rail services within the London Fare Zones. More importantly, it is very similar to Travelcard, a branch from the original London's e-payment cards.

A standard Oyster card is a blue credit card-sized stored value card which can hold a variety of single tickets, period tickets and travel permits which must be added to the card prior to travel. It is also a contactless smart card which passengers must touch onto an electronic reader when entering and leaving the transport system in order to validate it or deduct funds. The cards may be "recharged" in person from numerous sales points, by recurring payment authority or by online purchase. The card is designed to reduce the number of transactions at ticket offices and the number of single paper tickets sold on the London transport network. Use is encouraged by offering substantially cheaper fares on Oyster than payment with cash.

The card was first issued to the public in July 2003 with a limited range of features and there continues to be a phased introduction of further functions. By June 2010, over 34 million Oyster cards had been issued and more than 80% of all journeys on services run by Transport for London used the Oyster card.

John Heisman

John William Heisman (October 23, 1869 – October 3, 1936) was a player and coach of American football, baseball, and basketball, as well as a sportswriter and actor. The Heisman Trophy is named after him.

Residency (medicine)

Residency is a level of medical training. A resident physician or resident (called senior house officer or registrar in the United Kingdom, depending on the level of training) is a person who has gotten a medical degree and who practices medicine under supervision of other physicians, usually in a hospital. In the United States, doctors must complete residency before they can practice medicine without supervision. 

Residency programs train doctors to work in a specific specialty, or field within medicine. For example, there are different residency programs for medicine, surgery, and psychiatry. In the US, the length of a residency program is different based on specialty. Residency in specialties like family medicine and psychiatry is usually three years long, but a residency program in neurosurgery (brain surgery) may be 7 years long.

Cymbal

Cymbals (pronounced like the word “symbol”) are percussion instruments. They are discs made of copper, bronze or a special alloy. They look rather like saucepan lids, but in the middle they jut out a little and they have straps there that pass through a hole. Also called “clangers”

There are two ways of playing cymbals. One way is to use a pair of cymbals that are the same. The player holds one cymbal in each hand, holding them by the strap. He then bangs the cymbals together. There are many ways of doing this depending on the sort of sound that is wanted. For example, a very quiet sound can be made by rubbing the edges of the cymbals together. A very loud sound can be made by hitting them together as the arms form a circle, and letting the cymbals vibrate for a long time by holding them in the air.

Another way of playing the cymbal is to use just one cymbal, and to hang it on a stand. It can then be played with a beater, stick or wire brush. It can be hit at the edge, in the middle, or half way between, depending on the sound that is wanted.

Cymbals are made in different sizes. Some may be just 25 cm across, large ones may be up to 60 cm across. Cymbals do not normally give any particular pitch. There are, however, small ones based on an old form of cymbal which are called “crotales”. There are also Chinese cymbals which have a turned-up edge.

Cymbals are used in many different musical groups. They are heard in an orchestra, in jazz groups, percussion groups and bands, including marching bands. A drum kit always has at least one cymbal. This may be a “crash cymbal” (on the top of a stand) or a pair of hi-hats (a pair of small cymbals operated by pressing a pedal with the foot.

The word cymbals comes from the Latin "cymbalum", which itself comes from the Greek word "kumbalom", meaning a small bowl. It was used in many ancient cultures including Egyptian civilisations.

Cymbals are often used in orchestras. The first composer to use them was probably Joseph Haydn in his “Military Symphony” (1794). They are often used when there is a big climax (for example in the “Academic Festival Overture” by Johannes Brahms, but they can also sometimes be played very quietly. Sometimes players should let the cymbal vibrate for a long time after a big crash, but at other times he may have to hold the cymbals against his body quickly to stop the noise. This is called “damping” the sound.

Cymbals have traditionally often been played together with the bass drum. This makes a "crash-bang-wallop" noise.


"The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Musical Instruments" by Könemann; 

Woodblock

A wood block is a small percussion instrument. It is made of wood and hit like a drum. The woodblock is hollow inside so that it makes a big, resonating sound. It can come in different forms, but many modern woodblocks are shaped like a brick.

It is sometimes called a Chinese block because it has Chinese origins.

The sticks used to hit the woodblock can be snare drum sticks or xylophone beaters. It makes a hard, high sound. It can often be heard in large orchestras, e.g. in Bernstein's "West Side Story".

Berwickshire

Berwickshire is a county in Scotland. It is also the name of a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council. Berwickshire is on the boundary of Scotland with England. It is named after Berwick-upon-Tweed, but Scotland lost Berwick to England in 1482.

Berwickshire's first county town was the Royal Burgh of Berwick-upon-Tweed. In 1482 England seized Berwick. After that the shire's business was done at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.

A Sheriff Court sits in Duns.

Berwickshire County Council, like all the County Councils in Scotland, was made in 1890. The Council met in Duns. Berwickshire County Council was ended in 1975.

In 1975 a new Borders Region was made. A Berwickshire District Council was made within it too, with an area like the county’s but not the same. Berwickshire District Council was ended in 1996.

Berwickshire is now all in the Scottish Borders Council Area.

In 1890, when Berwickshire County Council was made, the Council asked the Lord Lyon King of Arms to give them a shield and arms. He gave a shield and arms to the County Council on 10 October 1890.

The shield shows a bear chained to a wych-elm tree. The bear and wych-elm are part of Berwick upon Tweed’s shield because they sound like the town’s name.

On 12 November 1975 the Lord Lyon gave the arms again to Berwickshire District Council. When the district council ended in 1996, the right to the arms went back to the Queen.
Berwickshire’s name is still used locally. "The Berwickshire News" is a newspaper in the county and many groups keep "Berwickshire" in their titles.

The Berwickshire Civic Society is (2009) asking the Council to put road signs up to tell drivers who are coming into the county that they are coming into Berwickshire. The Berwickshire Civic Society has a "Keep Berwickshire Tidy" competition each April.

Places in Berwickshire include:

Claves

Claves (Spanish word: second e is sounded) are percussion instruments. They are small wooden sticks made of tropical hardwood. They are used in pairs. They are traditionally heard in Cuban music, e.g. salsa. 

In Cuban music they often repeat a special rhythm called "clave" (pronounce: "CLAH-ve").

The usual way of playing claves is to hold one clave lightly between the thumb and the fingertips with the palm of the hand facing upwards, or to cradle the clave in the hand. The other, held with the other hand, hits it.

Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge

The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic railroad bridge in Torrance, California USA. It spans across Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street, a short distance west of Western Avenue. It was once part of the north/south Torrance to San Pedro spur line of the Pacific Electric Railway. The line was the railroad's first interurban line to San Pedro. After splitting off to the east from the Union Tool Company plant which was once a short distance south of the bridge, the line ended at a Columbia Steel steel mill (later United States Steel) by running up and over the east/west Torrance local line. It is the only part of the PE which crossed itself this way. This was due to the area's geography. If the railroad simply built a spur off of the main line, it would have meant that trains trying to get to the steel mill would have faced too steep a climb. The steel mill has since been torn down to make way for the national headquarters of American Honda Motor Company, but the remaining part of the Torrance line - which once had two separate tracks - was rebuilt in 2003 and is still in use for local train runs by the Union Pacific Railroad. Gone too are the Pacific Electric's Torrance shops at the western branch of the split, now the site of an industrial park and which still receives trains on the local line.

The bridge was designed by Irving Gill and was built in 1913 as part of the original layout of the city as drawn up by Jared Sidney Torrance and Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr.. It became the city's second entry in the National Register of Historic Places on July 13, 1989 after Torrance High School. It is also listed with the California Office of Historic Preservation.

Though tracks and track parts remain on the bridge, it is no longer in use nor has it been for quite some time. There is no chance of the bridge ever being used to carry trains again, since the right-of-way at either end has been changed and the tracks removed. Even so, the Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge has become a symbol of the city as part of the Torrance Police Department's logo as of January 1, 2000, only the third such change in the department's history. 


Eskdale

Eskdale, Victoria is a small Australian town in the Mitta Valley with Mitta Mitta and Dartmouth. The Mitta Valley is in the north east of Victoria about from Albury and Wodonga 

It has one shop, one cafe, a hotel, two churches and one school.

Anglerfish

An anglerfish is a marine fish that belongs to the order Lophiiformes. Anglerfish are noted for having a bait-like appendage in front of their heads, right above their mouths. 

The appendage, which resembles a fishing pole, is attached to the end of the dorsal fin's front spine, which is separated from the rest of the fin. Anglerfish light their rod with bioluminescence (their own light) and then wiggle it to mimic a small marine animal. When other creatures come to eat the small marine animal, the anglerfish eats them. They are called anglerfish because they catch fish with bait, just like anglers, who use a rod and line (rather than nets).

One of the families, the Ceratiidae, has an extraordinary mating system where the male actually fuses into the female.

A mitochondrial genome phylogenetic study suggested that anglerfishes diversified in a short period of the Lower Cretaceous, between 130 and 100 million years ago.

Marko Rehmer

Marko Rehmer (born 29 April, 1972) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

1||0
298||22
299||22

!Total||35||4

Frank Baumann

Frank Baumann (born 29 October 1975) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

390||26
390||26

!Total||28||2

Christian Ziege

Christian Ziege (born 1 February 1972) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

Bayern Munich

A.C. Milan

Liverpool

Lars Ricken

Lars Ricken (born 10 July 1976) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

Ricken is known for his long shot against Juventus in 1997 which helped Borussia Dortmund win the UEFA Champions League

Born in Dortmund, Ricken joined local BV Borussia at an early age, and made his Bundesliga debut on 8 March 1994 in a 1–2 home defeat against VfB Stuttgart, aged not yet 18. From the following season onwards, he became a regular.

Ricken scored a memorable long-distance goal in the final of the 1996–97 UEFA Champions League edition against Juventus F.C., which stood as the fastest in a final of the competition by a substitute, finding the net after just 16 seconds on the field. He also contributed with 8 goals in 47 matches in the team's back-to-back national titles (1994–96).

In the following years, Ricken's success was hampered by a series of injuries. He gained his first cap for Germany on 10 September 1997, in a 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Armenia, but missed that major international tournament as well as UEFA Euro 2000. Later, he restored his form, helping Dortmund to claim the league title in 2002 by scoring a career-best six goals and being selected by national coach Rudi Völler for the squad at that year's World Cup; he did not play in the competition, however, as Germany emerged runners-up.

Ricken's injury woes returned after the World Cup and, as a consequence, he failed to earn recognition at both European or international level. In early April 2007, he was demoted to the reserve team by manager Thomas Doll, due to substandard performance.

In November 2007, Ricken announced his retirement from football. In an attempt to return to football, he briefly attended a training camp in February 2008 with the Columbus Crew of the Major League Soccer, but returned to Germany and Dortmund after a few days.

On 11 June 2008, Borussia Dortmund sport director Michael Zorc, also a former club footballer, announced that Ricken was to be hired as youth coordinator with immediate effect, while still appearing for the amateur side in Regionalliga West. However, on 16 February 2009, he announced his retirement from professional football.

He is known to be one of the best players to play for the club Borussia Dortmund of all time. In one list, he came 2nd, falling behind Michael Zorc.

Marco Bode

Marco Bode (born 23 July, 1969) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

Werder Bremen

Germany

Individual

Jörg Böhme

Jörg Böhme (born 22 January, 1974) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

296||37
296||37

!Total||10||1

Schalke 04

Hans-Jörg Butt

Hans Jörg Butt (born 28 May 1974), commonly known as Jörg Butt, is a former German soccer player. He played for FC Bayern Munich and Germany national team.

VfB Oldenburg

Bayer Leverkusen

Bayern Munich

Germany

Individual

Andreas Köpke

Andreas Köpke (born 12 March, 1962) is a German retired football player. He played for Germany national team.

509||2
68||0
566||2

!Total||59||0

1. FC Nürnberg

Germany

Individual

Germany


Christian Wörns

Christian Wörns (born 10 May 1972) used to be a German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

Bayer Leverkusen

Paris Saint-Germain

Borussia Dortmund

Germany

Individual

Jörg Heinrich

Jörg Heinrich (born 6 December, 1969) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

204||26
57||5
261||31

!Total||37||2

Jürgen Kohler

Jürgen Kohler (born 6 October 1965) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.


Bayern Munich

Juventus

Borussia Dortmund

Germany

Individual

Thomas Helmer

Thomas Helmer (born 21 April, 1965) is a retired German football player. He has played for Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund, and the German national team.

425||46
2||0
427||46

!Total||68||5





Olaf Thon

Olaf Thon (born 1 May 1966) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

Schalke 04

Bayern Munich

Germany


Andreas Möller

Andreas Möller (born 2 September 1967) is a former German football player for Germany national team.


Eintracht Frankfurt
Borussia Dortmund

Juventus

Schalke 04

Germany

Individual

Ulf Kirsten

Ulf Kirsten (born 4 December, 1965) is a former German football player. He has played for East Germany national team and Germany national team.


International goals for East Germany
International goals for Germany

Dynamo Dresden

Bayer Leverkusen


Thomas Häßler

Thomas Häßler (born 30 May 1966) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

1. FC Köln

Juventus

Roma

Karlsruher SC

Germany

Individual

Olaf Marschall

Olaf Marschall (born 19 March, 1966) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team and East Germany national team.

135||36
98||40
192||70
425||146

!Total||4||0

!Total||13||3

Markus Babbel

Markus Babbel (born 8 September, 1972) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

288||12
67||6
355||18

Steffen Freund

Steffen Freund (born 19 January, 1970) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

57||0
178||9
116||0
351||9

!Total||21||0

Stefan Reuter

Stefan Reuter (born 16 October 1966) is a German football manager and former football player. He played for Germany national team.

Borussia Dortmund

Bayern Munich

Juventus

West Germany, Germany

Germany U16

!Total||69||2

Michael Tarnat

Michael Tarnat (born 27 October 1969) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

439||35
32||4
471||39

!Total||19||0

Berti Vogts

Hans-Hubert "Berti" Vogts (; born 30 December 1946) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.

Borussia Mönchengladbach

West Germany

Individual

Germany

Individual


Stoke Newington railway station

Stoke Newington railway station is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines. Trains run to Liverpool Street in central London, and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town farther north. Trains generally run every fifteen minutes, and almost all of the trains that pass through the station stop there.

Stoke Newington is in Travelcard Zone 2.

Rectory Road railway station

Rectory Road railway station is a railway station in Stoke Newington in the London Borough of Hackney, North London, United Kingdom.

It is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines, between Stoke Newington and Hackney Downs. It is in Zone 2 and has two platforms.

Trains run south to Liverpool Street and north to Enfield Town and Cheshunt. 

University of Pittsburgh

The University of Pittsburgh is a public university in the city of Pittsburgh in the United States of America. It is also called "Pitt". Pitt was started in 1787. Pitt has 27,562 students. Pitt is famous for philosophy, studying other countries, and its hospital called the "University of Pittsburgh Medical Center" (UPMC). Pitt does a lot of research. Pitt is also famous for its tall building named the "Cathedral of Learning". Pitt is also famous for sports. Pitt's best sports are American football and basketball.

Notes

Mascot

A mascot is any person, animal, or object thought to bring luck, or anything used to symbolize a group. Many schools and sports teams have a mascot, and so do some corporations or products. For example, the mascot of the Sacramento Kings is a lion, and the mascot of Geico is a gecko. 

Mascots can be used as spokespeople in advertising for products. They are also used in merchandise, which can be any kind of product that features the brand or can represent the mascot itself. 

Democratic Party (Serbia)

The Democratic Party (, "Demokratska stranka", ) is a centre-left and social-democratic political party in Serbia. It claims continuity of the historical Democratic Party.

The Democratic Party is a member of the Socialist International and Party of European Socialists. Former President of Serbia Boris Tadić was a member of the Democratic Party until 2014.

Federal Republic of Yugoslavia

The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( / "Savezna Republika Jugoslavija") or FRY was a federal state constructed by the republics of Serbia and Montenegro. They were parts of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (SFRY) where the majority of the people were Serbs. The new federation was created after the other four republics broke away from Yugoslavia amid rising ethnic attacks, war and tension. The state existed from 1992 to 2002, when it was reconstituted as a State Union of Serbia and Montenegro. It existed for three years until a referendum for independence in Montenegro resulted in the majority of Montenegrins supporting separation from Serbia. This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming different countries.

Hackney Downs railway station

Hackney Downs railway station is in the London Borough of Hackney in east London. The station is served by Abellio Greater Anglia and London Overground, on the West Anglia route, and it is in Travelcard Zone 2. 

The station is a short walk from Hackney Central, on the North London Line. Until Hackney Central's closure in 1944, a passenger connection linked the two stations. However, when Hackney Central reopened in 1985, the footway did not reopen, and passengers transferring between the two stations are obliged to leave the station and transfer at street level. The station was originally opened as Downs Junction Station.

The typical off-peak service from the station is:

2 operated by Abellio Greater Anglia
8 operated by London Overground

StumbleUpon

StumbleUpon is an Internet community that lets users find, and rate pictures, websites, and videos.

StumbleUpon is an easy to use website, which provides new and interesting material on the web. They get more 20 million users who join the site for information, entertainment, and content that they are looking for. Moreover this site harbors more than 60,000 brands, publishers, and other marketers which use StumbleUpon’s comfortable paid discovery platform to help support their materials and services. 


Cotton mouse

The cotton mouse ("Peromyscus gossypinus") is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family.
It is found only in the United States. This mouse is very close to extinction.


Omid Djalili

Omid Djalili (Persian: امید جلیلی) (born 30 September 1965) is a British actor, comedian and writer.

Djalili was born on 30 September 1965 in Chelsea, London, to Iranian Bahá'í parents. He is a member of the Bahá'í religion. He went to Holland Park School and then the University of Ulster, Northern Ireland, to study English and Theatre Studies. As a Bahá'í, he signed a letter to the leaders of Iran saying that they way they treated Bahá'í people was very bad.

His first good comedy job was at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1995, with his act "Short, Fat Kebab Shop Owner's Son". His next success was in 1996 with "The Arab and the Jew". He said he was the only Iranian comedian, which was still "three more than Germany". His jokes are often about different religions and the funny differences. He has energy on stage and his good pretend voices, together with political jokes mixed with strange belly dancing.

Some countries he has performed in include Australia, Denmark, Canada, Ireland and the United States. "The Observer" said he was one of the top 50 funny people in British comedy. In 2005 he went on the British car television programme "Top Gear" as a special guest driver. The same year he also did stand up comedy for "Comic Relief", a British television programme where people are funny to raise money for poor people. Also that year he had the biggest number of tickets sold for the Edinburgh Festival box office, which was 16,500 sales.

On 17 November 2007, his own television programme started on BBC One, which is a mix of him talking and showing short funny films. A second series started on 20 April 2009.

Chiron (mythology)

Chiron is a centaur from Greek mythology. He helped many demigods in their training. He is a respected centaur because of his kindness and intelligence. He is a son of Cronus. He lives in Mount Olympus.

Chiron also taught Heracles before Heracles went to get the fruit in the Underworld.


Kotor

Kotor (, ) is a city in Montenegro.
The city is near the Gulf of Kotor. 13,510 people live there.

The old Mediterranean port of Kotor is surrounded by a city wall built by the Republic of Venice.
During recent years Kotor has been visited by many tourists, who are attracted by both the beauty of the Gulf of Kotor and the old town.
The city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Honey, I Shrunk the Kids

Honey, I Shrunk the Kids is a live-action movie produced by Disney in 1989.

Clupeidae

Clupeidae is a family of teleost fish. It includes the herrings, shads, sardines, hilsa and menhadens. The family includes some of the most important food fishes in the world.

This family comprises the following 7 genera:


List of mountains in Turkey

Mahya Dağı

Mount Mahya (, "Mahiada") 1031 m, is a mountain in Turkey. It is the highest peak of the Strandzha massif (Yıldız Mountains) in East Thrace, the European part of Turkey. The Amuca tribe a Alevism-Bektashi Yörüks group live there.


Süphan

Mount Süphan (; "Sipan", , and "Sipan" also "Ciyaye Sipan", which means "White/s, Aryan/s" in Kurdish), is a dormant stratovolcano in eastern Turkey, immediately north of Lake Van. It is the second highest volcano in Turkey.

Wodonga, Victoria

Wodonga is a city on the border of New South Wales, Australia. It is next to Albury, New South Wales and is separated by the Murray River.

Bodo Illgner

Bodo Illgner (born 7 April, 1967) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

Real Madrid

Germany

Individual

Thomas Strunz

Thomas Strunz (born 25 April, 1968) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

235||33
235||33

!Total||41||1

Andreas Brehme

Andreas Brehme (9 November 1960 – 20 February 2024) was a German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

373||53
116||10
24||1
513||64

!Total||86||8

On 20 February 2024, many news organizations reported his death. It was reported by his partner that he died “suddenly and unexpectedly” of cardiac arrest.

Karl-Heinz Riedle

Karl-Heinz Riedle (born 16 September, 1965) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

287||103
84||30
95||17
466||150

!Total||42||16

Stefan Kuntz

Stefan Kuntz (born 30 October 1962) is a German professional football manager and former player who played as a striker. He is the head coach of the Turkey national team.

Kaiserslautern

Germany

Individual

Germany U21


Thomas Berthold

Thomas Berthold (born 12 November, 1964) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.






Maurizio Gaudino

Maurizio Gaudino (born 12 December, 1966) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

339||57
20||3
15||1
30||10
55||8
459||79

!Total||5||1

Matthias Sammer

Matthias Sammer (born 5 September 1967) is a German former football player and manager. He has played for the East German national team and the German national team.

102||38
183||41
11||4
296||83

!Total||23||6

!Total||51||8

Martin Wagner

Martin Wagner (born 24 February, 1968) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

302||44
302||44

!Total||6||0

Stefan Effenberg

Stefan Effenberg (born 2 August 1968) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

370||71
56||12
426||83

!Total||35||5

Mario Basler

Mario Basler (born 18 December 1968) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

391||85
0||0
391||85

!Total||30||2

Klaus Augenthaler

Klaus Augenthaler (born 26 September 1957) is a former German football player. He has played for Bayern Munich and Germany national team.

At the age of 18 he came from his local club FC Vilshofen to Bayern München. There he played one year in the second team but was soon transferred to the first team. There he played as a defender. From 1976 to 1991 he played 404 matches for the club. From 1984 to 1991 he was also captain of the team. He also played 27 matches in the German national football team and won the World Cup in 1990.

After the end of his player career he became coach of the A-youth team of Bayern München and then assistant coach of the first team. With GAK he was coach from 1996 to 2000, and he won the Austrian Cup. The next teams he coached were 1.FC Nürnberg, Bayer Leverkusen and VfL Wolfsburg. His last team was SpVgg Unterhaching in Germany's 3. Bundesliga. He could not keep the team in the league so his contract was not renewed.

404||52
404||52

!Total||27||0

Bayern Munich

Germany

Individual

1. FC Nürnberg

Frank Mill

Frank Mill (born 23 July 1958) is a German retired football player. He has played for West Germany national team. He was part of the German team at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics. The 1988 team won an Olympic bronze medal.

544||210

!Total||17||0

Raimond Aumann

Raimond Aumann (born 12 October 1963) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

216||0
41||0
257||0

!Total||4||0

Paul Steiner

Paul Steiner (born 23 January 1957) is a former German football player. He has played for the West Germany national team.

493||43
493||43

!Total||1||0

Hans Pflügler

Hans Pflügler (born 27 March, 1960) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

277||36
277||36

!Total||11||0

Günter Hermann

Günter Hermann (born 5 December, 1960) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

317||10
317||10

!Total||2||0

London Fields railway station

London Fields railway station is in the London Borough of Hackney in east London. It is 4 km (2½ miles) north east of London Liverpool Street on the West Anglia route, part of the Lea Valley Lines. The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by London Overground and it is in Travelcard Zone 2.

Orthomyxoviridae

The Orthomyxoviridae ("orthos", Greek for "straight"; "myxa", Greek for "mucus") are a family of RNA viruses. They include five genera: Influenzavirus A, Influenzavirus B, Influenzavirus C, Thogotovirus and Isavirus. The first three genera contain viruses that cause influenza in vertebrates, including birds (see also avian influenza), humans, and other mammals. Isaviruses infect salmon; thogotoviruses infect vertebrates and invertebrates, such as mosquitoes and sea lice.

The three genera of Influenzavirus can be told apart by the structure of their proteins. They infect vertebrates, as follows:

There are three genera of influenza virus: Influenzavirus A, Influenzavirus B and Influenzavirus C. Each genus includes only one species, or type: Influenza A virus, Influenza B virus, and Influenza C virus, respectively. Influenza A and C infect multiple species, while influenza B almost exclusively infects humans.

Influenza A viruses are further classified, based on the viral surface proteins hemagglutinin (HA or H) and neuraminidase (NA or N). Eighteen H subtypes (or serotypes) and eleven N subtypes of influenza A virus have been identified.

Further variation exists. Specific influenza strain isolates are identified by a standard nomenclature specifying virus type, geographical location where first isolated, sequential number of isolation, year of isolation, and HA and NA subtype.

Examples of the nomenclature are: 

The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and causes the most severe disease. The serotypes that have been confirmed in humans, ordered by the number of known human pandemic deaths, are:


Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen, and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal. This type of influenza mutates at a rate 2-3 times lower than type A and consequently is less genetically diverse, with only one influenza B serotype. As a result of this lack of antigenic diversity, people usually get a degree of immunity to influenza B at an early age. However, influenza B mutates enough that lasting immunity is not possible. This reduced rate of antigenic change, combined with its limited host range (inhibiting cross species antigenic shift), ensures that pandemics of influenza B do not occur.

The influenza C virus infects humans and pigs, and can cause severe illness and local epidemics. However, influenza C is less common than the other types and usually seems to cause mild disease in children.


Cambridge Heath railway station

Cambridge Heath railway station is in Cambridge Heath in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in east London. The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by London Overground, on the West Anglia route, and it is in Travelcard Zone 2.

Bethnal Green railway station

Bethnal Green railway station is in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in Bethnal Green in east London. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Overground, on the West Anglia Main Line, and it is in Travelcard Zone 2. The station was formerly called "Bethnal Green Junction" until Junction was removed from the name and was also served by trains on the Great Eastern Main Line. It should not be confused with Bethnal Green tube station nearby.

The typical off-peak service is:

Oyster card (pay as you go) on National Rail is accepted at the station from 2 January 2008.

In 1872 the Great Eastern Railway opened a new branch to Hackney Downs to serve this branch a new junction was built to the west of Cambridge Heath Road.

It also replaced a station called Mile End which was located on the eastern side of Cambridge Heath Road with a station immediately to the west of the new junction called Bethnal Green Junction. 

It served both of the Great Eastern Railway routes and had four platforms. In 1946 this station stopped serving the Great Eastern main line to Shenfield and two platforms were closed, though the remains of the Shenfield down platform are still visible. 

The Shenfield up (London-bound) platform was demolished and the tracks rearranged, coinciding with the swapping of services from the former fast tracks onto the former slow (resulting in the arrangement we see today). It is not known for certain when the station's name was changed, possibly when it ceased serving the Shenfield line.

Moeller High School

Archbishop Moeller High School is an all-boys, Catholic school near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It opened in 1960 and is run by the Society of Mary (Marianist Order). The school is famous for good sports teams: in its first 25 years, they won seven state football championships and five national football championships with Gerry Faust as head coach.


No man's land

No man's land is land that is not part of any country. It may be unclaimed territory, or an area that is under dispute and not occupied because of fear or uncertainty. 

During war (especially World War I), it is a term used for the area of land between two enemy trenches. Usually nobody was alive there. It was full of shell holes, dead bodies, and barbed wire, and raked by machine gun fire. Attacks were made across no man's land but few attacking soldiers survived.


Vetmedin

Vetmedin is a drug. It is given to dogs that have heart valve disease. It is also known as Pimobendan.

Lohengrin (opera)

Lohengrin is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner. Wagner wrote both the words and the music. It is based on an old German legend.

"Lohengrin" is a story written by an unknown German author. It is related to other stories that belong to the Knight of the Swan tradition.

Wagner’s opera is like a fairy tale. It immediately became very popular. The young King Ludwig II of Bavaria built a fairy-tale castle in the south of Germany and called it "Neuschwanstein," meaning: “New Swan Stone”. The King was very fond of Wagner’s music and gave him a lot of money to help him with his next operas, especially for the cycle known as the "Ring of the Nibelung".

It was first performed in Weimar, Germany on 28 August 1850 with Franz Liszt conducting. Liszt chose to conduct it on that particular day because 28 August was the birthday of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe who had lived in Weimar.

Wagner did not hear the first performance. In May 1849 he had run away from Germany because he had been involved in a revolution. He fled to Switzerland. He did not hear his opera "Lohengrin" until 15 May 1861 when he saw a performance in Vienna.

The opera starts with a prelude played by the orchestra. It describes an angel coming down from the sky with the Holy Grail.

King Henry the Fowler has arrived in Brabant. He is sitting by the banks of the river Scheldt. Around him are Counts and nobles of the Saxon army. Opposite them are Counts and nobles of Brabant. King Henry explains that he had been fighting Hungarians who came to invade his country. They had agreed not to fight for nine years, but these nine years were now coming to an end and his men would have to fight again. The King wants the Brabantines to help them. He asks one of their bravest knights, Friedrich von Telramund, to explain why the Brabantines are arguing amongst themselves.

Count Telramund explains that the Duke of Brabant had recently died. As he lay dying, he had asked Telramund to look after his daughter Elsa and his son Gottfried. One day the two children had gone into the forest and Elsa had returned alone. The Duke tried to find out what had happened to Gottfried. The Duke’s wife Ortrud persuades the Duke to accuse Elsa of murdering her brother. The duke then makes himself the king of Brabant.

Elsa knows that she is innocent and asks God to be her judge. She needs a knight to fight for her. Telramund agrees to fight him.

The second time that the Herald calls the unknown knight, a miracle happens. A boat, pulled by a swan, appears. A knight in shining armour stands in the boat. He gets out of the boat, tells the swan that it can go, and then he greets the king. He asks Elsa if he can be her knight. Elsa kneels in front of him and asks for his help. He says that he will serve her, but he asks one thing: that she should never ask him what his name is or where he comes from. Elsa agrees. Everyone, except for Ortrud, prays and the fight starts. The unknown knight wins, but then he spares Telramund’s life. The unknown knight now takes Elsa’s hand and asks her to marry him.

The action takes place in the courtyard outside the cathedral. It is night. Telramund and Ortrud have been told to go away. Ortrud is a heathen witch, the daughter of Radbod, the Duke of Frisia. She tries to make Telramund brave again. She is going to persuade Elsa to ask the unknown knight what is name is.

When Elsa comes onto the balcony in the morning she sees Ortrud and feels sorry for her. An announcement is made that the king has decided to give the unnamed knight the title of Duke of Brabant. He says he does not want the title, and prefers to be known just as "Guardian of Brabant."

The King, the Knight, Elsa and her attendants are about to go into the church. Ortrud, beautifully dressed, appears and says that the knight is a magician. Telramund appears and says that the result of the fight he had did not count, because the knight has not told his name. The knight still refuses to tell his name.

The bedroom of the young couple. Elsa and her new husband enter to the well-known music called the Bridal Chorus. The couple say they love one another. However, Elsa still remembers how Ortrud was pressing her to ask the Knight his name. She asks him who he is. Telramund and four of his friends rush into the room to attack the knight, but Telramund is killed instead. The Knight is very sad and tells Elsa they will now go to the King and he will tell him who he is.

The scene changes to the banks of the river, as in Act I. The army is ready for war. Telramund’s dead body is carried in. The Knight explains why he killed Telramund. He tells the story of the Holy Grail and says that he is Lohengrin, Knight of the Holy Grail and son of King Parsifal. He says that he now has to return to his home. He had only stayed so long so that he could prove that Elsa was innocent.

Sadly he says goodbye to his young wife. The swan comes again. Lohengrin prays that Elsa may get her lost brother back. The swan dives into the river and appears again in the form of Gottfried, Elsa’s brother. He had been turned into a swan by the evil magic of Ortrud.

A dove comes down from heaven, and takes the place of the swan at the head of the boat. It takes Lohengrin to the castle of the Holy Grail. Elsa is so upset that she dies.

"Wagner Nights" by Ernest Newman (1949)

Lohengrin

Lohengrin is a character in some German stories of Arthurian literature. He is the son of Parzival (Percival), he is a knight of the Holy Grail who is sent in a boat pulled by swans to rescue a girl who is falsely accused of murder. He must never tell anyone his name. His story is a version of the Knight of the Swan legend. It is particularly famous now as an opera, "Lohengrin" by Richard Wagner (1849).

Erik the Red

Erik the Red (950–c. 1003) (Old Norse: Eiríkr rauði; ; ; ; ; ) founded the first Nordic settlement in Greenland. He was born in the Jæren district of Rogaland, Norway, as the son of Þorvaldr Ásvaldsson (Thorvald Asvaldsson). He therefore also appears, patronymically, as Erik Thorvaldsson (or as Eiríkr Þorvaldsson). His nickname, "the Red", most likely refers to his hair color.

Erik the Red was born in Stavanger, Norway. His father, Thorvald Asvaldsson, murdered a man, so the family was exiled to Iceland. Erik also got into some trouble in Iceland, and was exiled in 982. Erik had heard of the travels of Gunnbjörn Ulfsson, who discovered some islands west of Iceland. Erik decided to explore these islands, and found land at a place he named Miljökull. But the weather there was very harsh, so Erik left and continued south, reaching land again at an island he named Erik’s Island. Erik spent his winter, as well as the following one, at Erik’s Island. Erik was no longer exiled from Iceland, so he returned the summer of 985. But when the fights with his neighbors began again, Erik decided to start advertising his new found land. He called his land Greenland, to make it sound nicer than it actually was.

He left Iceland in 986 with 25 ships, but only 14 survived the journey, with about 400-500 people and animals. The ships settled at Brattahlid. There were two established settlements; the Eastern Settlement on the coast on the southwest, and the Western Settlement 300 miles above that Settlement. He lived in the colony in Eriksfjord, and was the chief leader of both settlements. The people that lived in the settlements farmed land, raised animals like cows, pigs, and lamb, and hunted many animals. Erik’s wife Thjodhild became a believer in Christ, and she built the initial church in Greenland. However, Eric didn’t convert to Christianity.

Later, he wanted to go on an expedition west of Greenland, in search of land. He did not go because he fell off his horse, and saw this as a symbol of bad luck. In around 1000, Leif Erikson, his son, conducted what was most likely the first trip made to the North American mainland.

Beuchat

Beuchat International, known as Beuchat, is a company that builds and sells underwater equipment. It was established in 1934 in Marseille, France.

The company was founded in 1934 by Mr. Georges Beuchat.


Georges Beuchat

Georges Beuchat (1910 – 1992) was a French inventor, diver, businessman. He was the emblematic pioneer of underwater activities and founder of Beuchat.


2004 Madrid train bombings

The 11 March 2004 Madrid train bombings (also known as 3/11 and in Spanish as 11-M) were a series of coordinated bombings against the Cercanías (commuter train) system of Madrid in Spain. It happened on the morning of 11 March 2004 (three days before Spain's general elections). The attack killed 191 people and wounded 1,800. The official investigation by the Spanish Judiciary determined the attacks were directed by an Islamist al-Qaeda-inspired terrorist cell, although no direct al-Qaeda participation (only "inspiration") has been established.

These bombings were Spain's worst terrorist attack.


Communes of the Aude department

There are 438 communes in the Aude "département" in France.

Aigues-Vives, Aude

Aigues-Vives, Aude is a commune of 504 people. It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Airoux

Airoux is a commune of 126 people (2007). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ajac

Ajac is a commune of 196 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Alairac

Alairac is a commune of 1,034 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Alaigne

Alaigne is a commune of 300 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Albas, Aude

Albas, Aude is a commune of 59 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Albières

Albières is a commune of 73 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Alet-les-Bains

Alet-les-Bains is a commune of 464 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Alzonne

Alzonne is a commune of 1,221 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Antugnac

Antugnac is a commune of 266 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Aragon, Aude

Aragon, Aude is a commune of 453 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Hans-Peter Briegel

Hans-Peter Briegel (born 11 October 1955) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

240||47
106||21
346||68

!Total||72||4


Karlheinz Förster

Karlheinz Förster (born 25 July, 1958) is a former German football player. He has played for the West Germany national team.

311||22
103||6
414||28

!Total||81||2

Matthias Herget

Matthias Herget (born 14 November, 1955) is a former German football player. He has played for the West German national team.

!Total||39||4

Norbert Eder

Norbert Eder (7 November 1955 – 2 November 2019) was a German German football player. He played for the West Germany national team.

Eder died on 2 November 2019 of a long-illness in Stephanskirchen, Rosenheim, just five days before his 63rd birthday.

432||32
3||0
435||32

!Total||9||0

Felix Magath

Felix Magath (born 26 July 1953) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

382||75
382||75

!Total||43||3

Uli Stein

Uli Stein (born 23 October, 1954) is a former German football player. He was a goal keeper. Stein also played for West Germany national team.

648||0
648||0

!Total||6||0

Karl Allgöwer

Karl Allgöwer (born 5 January 1957) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder.




Ditmar Jakobs

Ditmar Jakobs (born 28 August 1953) is a former German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

570||69
570||69

!Total||20||1

Uwe Rahn

Uwe Rahn (born May 21, 1962) is a former German football player. He has played for the German national team.

318||107||||||||||318||107
7||1||2||0||4||0||13||1
325||108||2||0||4||0||331||108

!Total||14||5


Klaus Allofs

Klaus Allofs (born 5 December, 1956) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

424||177
91||34
515||211

!Total||56||17

Fortuna Düsseldorf

1. FC Köln

Marseille

Bordeaux

Werder Bremen

West Germany

Individual

Werder Bremen

Dieter Hoeneß

Dieter Hoeneß (born 7 January, 1953) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

329||146
329||146

!Total||6||4

Wolfgang Rolff

Wolfgang Rolff (born 26 December, 1959) is a German football manager and former football player. He played for West Germany national team.

407||55
30||4
437||59

!Total||37||0

Eike Immel

Eike Immel (born 27 November, 1960) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

534||0
42||0
576||0

!Total||19||0

Bernd Förster

Bernd Förster (born 3 May, 1956) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

307||25
307||25

!Total||33||0

Wolfgang Dremmler

Wolfgang Dremmler (born 12 July, 1954) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

342||21
342||21

!Total||27||3

Klaus Fischer

Klaus Fischer (born 27 December, 1949) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

535||268
535||268

!Total||45||32

Horst Hrubesch

Horst Hrubesch (born 17 April 1951) was a former German football player and football manager. He played for West Germany national team.

259||168
43||17
302||185

!Total||21||6

Hansi Müller

Hansi Müller (born 27 July, 1957) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

186||62
62||10
103||35
351||107

!Total||42||5

Wilfried Hannes

Wilfried Hannes (born 17 May, 1957) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

309||62
42||6
351||68

!Total||8||0

Uwe Reinders

Uwe Reinders (born 19 January, 1955) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

283||91
46||15
329||106

!Total||4||1

Uli Stielike

Uli Stielike (born 15 November 1954) is a German football manager and former football player. He played for West Germany national team.

109||12
215||41
67||10
391||63

!Total||42||3

Thomas Allofs

Thomas Allofs (born 17 November, 1959) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

378||148
11||2
389||150

!Total||2||0

Fortuna Düsseldorf

West Germany

Individual

Stephan Engels

Stephan Engels (born 6 September, 1960) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

236||39
236||39

!Total||8||0

Holger Hieronymus

Holger Hieronymus (born 22 February, 1959) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

148||9
148||9

!Total||3||0

Manfred Kaltz

Manfred Kaltz (born 6 January, 1953) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

581||76
13||1
594||77

!Total||69||8

Bernd Franke

Bernd Franke (born 12 February, 1948) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

387||0
387||0

!Total||7||0

Jupp Derwall

Jupp Derwall (10 March, 1927 - 26 June 2007) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

242||96
25||10
267||106

!Total||2||0

Tibooburra, New South Wales

Tibooburra is a small town in the north west corner of New South Wales, Australia. It is from the state capital, Sydney. In 2006 there were 161 people living at Tibooburra. Tibooburra is the hottest place in New South Wales. The name "Tibooburra" comes from the indigenous Australian word for "place of granites."

Tibooburra is a small and very remote town, but fuel, meals and several different places to stay are available. It is north of Broken Hill.

New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Service have an Information Centre in the town. There is also a police station.

Explorer Charles Sturt was one of the first Europeans to visit the area in 1844. He spent six months trapped by drought at Depot Glen, south of Tibooburra. He then tried to travel north west but was stopped by the desert. Burke and Wills also went through the area in 1861 on their journey north towards the Gulf of Carpentaria. It was the search for Burke and Wills that led to the opening up of the country for the farming and grazing. 

The town began during the gold rush to the nearby "Albert Goldfields". Gold was found in the area around Tibooburra in the 1880s. The town was first called called "The Granites". Many of the buildings are built from stone, such as the courthouse built in 1888.

Australian artist Clifton Pugh was often stayed at the Family Hotel (1882) in Tibooburra. He painted a number of murals, drawings and sketches on the inside wall of the hotel.

The main tourist attraction is Sturt National Park, and Cameron's Corner, where the border lines of the states of Queensland, South Australia and New South Wales meet. Cameron's Corner has a hotel which also has fuel and some basic accommodation. 

Tibooburra has a dry, hot, desert climate with temperatures above 40° Celsius (104 °F) in summer, often reaching as high as 47 °C (117 °F). Temperatures are milder in winter, about 20 °C (68 °F) in the daytime. Tibooburra is the hottest town in New South Wales. There is little rainfall during the year. In March 1949 and January 1974, the town received around or twice its average annual rainfall. In its driest year of 1940, only fell for the whole year.

Tibooburra Outback School of the Air is the town's only school, teaching both local children and the children of property owners in the area. It started as a Distance Education Centre in 1991. Before this, children on properties were educated through central schools in towns such as Broken Hill. The school was begun in 1886. No high school exists in the town. Children travel to the nearest high school, do home school, or attend boarding schools.

Three or four times each year, students from distant properties attend a 'mini-school' at the school. Mini-schools usually have themes (such as pirates or the circus) and have of a range of fun and educational activities. Out of town families also receive two home visits a year, in which a teacher (or teachers) and students visit and spend the day on the property.

In 2004 the school changed from radio based education to the Satellite Education Program.


Helmeted honeyeater

The helmeted honeyeater ("Lichenostomus melanops cassidix") is an endangered species of bird. There is only a tiny population in the Yellingbo Nature Conservation Reserve, in Victoria, Australia. The helmeted honeyeater became the state of Victoria's official bird emblem in 1971.

Famous ornithologist, John Gould first described the bird as being a separate species, which he named "Ptilotis cassidix" in 1867. It now one of the three sub-species of the yellow-tufted honeyeater, "Lichenostomus melanops". The other sub-species are not endangered.

This bird is only found in a five km long patch of forest along two streams in the Yellingbo Nature Conservation Reserve, 50 km east of Melbourne. A reserve was set up in the Bunyip State Park for releasing birds raised in captivity. In 2003 there were 103 individuals in the wild with 20 breeding pairs known as well as a further 34 birds in captivity at the Healesville Sanctuary. The 2009 Victorian bushfires burnt to within 200 metres of bird colony at Bunyip State Park. Captive birds had to be moved to the Melbourne Zoo when the fires also came close to the Healesville Sanctuary. However, on April 28, 2009, 13 birds bred in captivity were released back into the wild. The number of wild birds is now believed to be 113.

Before the captive breeding program was started there were only about 5060 birds left in the wild. The birds have been bred at Healesville and at Sydney's Taronga Park Zoo.

The Helmeted honeyeater is about 20 centimetres (8 inches) long. Their colour can be anywhere from black to olive green. They have a yellow patch on the heads.

Helmeted honeyeaters eat manna, which is like a sap from some eucalyptus trees. They also eat nectar from the eucalypt flowers as well as small insects and spiders.

Several things are being done to save this bird from becoming extinct. One is a captive breeding program, where the birds are bred at Healesville and Toronga Park. When they become old enough, between 6—8 months, the are put into the wild where they will hopefully begin breeding. Forest areas are being planted with the right sort of trees and plants to provide the birds with food and shelter. This is being done on private land as well as in the State parks. There is also planting to join the small patches of bush with corridors so the birds are not trapped in one small area.


Arch Resources

Arch Resources, Inc. , previously known as Arch Coal, is the second-largest coal producer in the United States, claiming to hold 12% of America’s coal supply (140 million tons in 2005). The company's mines are in Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Virginia. The corporate headquarters are in St. Louis, Missouri.
The company claims a large reserve of coal that has not been mined yet. It is a total of 3.1 billion tons of mostly low-sulfur coal.

Arch Coal shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ACI.

Arch Mineral Corporation began in 1969, as a partnership between Ashland Oil (now Ashland, Inc.) and the Hunt family of Dallas. Arch Coal was formed in July 1997 when the privately held Arch Mineral merged with the publicly traded Ashland Coal, Inc., which had been formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil.

In June 1998, Arch Coal purchased the coal fields and mines of the Atlantic Richfield company, which were mostly in the central Rocky Mountains.


National Fuel Gas


National Fuel Gas was incorporated in 1902 and is based in Williamsville, New York.

The Utility division sells natural gas or moves natural gas from one part of the country to another. The Pipeline and Storage division provides interstate natural gas transportation and storage services for related and non-related companies. The Exploration and Production division prospects for and extracts natural gas and oil from the ground. The Energy Marketing division markets natural gas to industrial, commercial, government, and residential customers. The Timber division markets wood from its New York and Pennsylvania forests, and it owns two sawmills in northwestern Pennsylvania, to cut wood into useful sizes and treat it with chemicals to make it last longer.

National Fuel Gas was one of the first gas utility companies in the United States, and so they have been the first to create some new technologies. Engineers at the company discovered that empty underground gas fields could be used to store gas that has been taken from the ground somewhere else. Thus, the first such storage facility in the US was set up at Zoar Field, about forty miles south of Buffalo. This turned out to be a good financial decision for NFG in the 1940s and 50s, when increased demand for natural gas led to long pipelines in the eastern states being connected to new pipelines and fields in the southwestern states. NFG could then buy huge amounts of cheaper summer gas from the southwest, pipe it to the New York storage fields, pump it down into the ground, then take it back out when demand and prices went up in the winter months.

The company was also the first in the industry to make a gas-fired generator to electrify pipelines so they wouldn't corrode so much. (Natural gas can eat away at metal, over time.)

In 1975, with the introduction of "Balanced Billing", the company claimed that it was "the only gas utility in the country" with a flexible plan for customers to pay bills in eleven equal monthly payments, with settlement of any overpayment or underpayment in the twelfth month. This is a sort of system of installment credit.

National Fuel Gas Co. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol NFG. Its fiscal year ends September 30.


Canton, Ohio

Canton is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Stark County. Canton became a city in 1822. It was the home of president William McKinley, The Pro Football Hall of Fame is in Canton.

Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge

Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth of Cambridge (27 November 1833 - 27 October 1897) was a granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom. She later married the Duke of Teck. She was also the mother of Mary of Teck, and therefore mother-in-law of George V of the United Kingdom. She was grandmother to Edward VIII later Duke of Windsor George VI and great grandmother to Queen Elizabeth II, and great great grandmother to the current Charles III of the United Kingdom.

The Duke and Duchess of Teck had four children:

Isomorphism

In mathematics (particularly in abstract algebra), two mathematical structures are isomorphic when they are the same in some sense. More specifically, an isomorphism is a function between two structures that preserves the relationships between the parts. To indicate isomorphism between two structures formula_1 and formula_2, one often writes formula_3. 

Using the language of category theory, this means that morphisms map to morphisms without breaking composition. An isomorphism is also a homomorphism that is one-to-one. 

As an example, one can consider the operation of adding integers Z. The doubling function φ(x) = 2x maps elements of Z to elements of the even integers 2Z. Since φ(a+b) = 2(a+b) = 2a+2b = φ(a)+φ(b), adding in Z is structurally identical as adding in 2Z (which makes this an example of isomorphism).


Automorphism

in abstract algebra an automorphism is an isomorphism from a group, or set of elements onto itself.

Group center

In abstract algebra the center of a group G denoted by Z(G) is the set of elements which commute with every element of G, meaning that for any element x of a group G, and an element y of Z(G), xy = yx. The center is equal to the intersection of the centralizers of the group elements. 

The notation Z(G) comes from the fact that in German the word for center is "Zentrum". 

Caroline of Ansbach

Caroline of Brandenburg-Ansbach (Wilhelmina Charlotte Caroline; 1 March 1683 – 20 November 1737) was the Queen Consort of George II of Great Britain. During her time as queen she had a lot of power.

Caroline of Ansbach was born in Ansbach in Germany, the daughter of Johann Friedrich, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach, and his second wife, Princess Eleanor Erdmuthe Louise of Saxe-Eisenach. Orphaned at an early age, Caroline grew up an intelligent, cultured and attractive woman, and was much sought-after as a bride.

She turned down the King of Spain because it would cause her to renounce the Protestant faith. Shortly after she met the son of the elector of Hanover They married in 1705. Over the next 30 years they had nine children.

George I of Great Britain died 11 June 1727. George Augustus ascended the throne as George II of Great Britain. Caroline held George on a string. When the Prime Minister Sir Robert Walpole met with the King he and Caroline had signs to communicate with each other. George never noticed.Both the King and Queen truly disliked their eldest son Frederick, Prince of Wales. Caroline once called him the Greatest Ass the world has ever known. They preferred Prince William, Duke of Cumberland over Fredrick.

Caroline died 20 November 1737. George was at her side. Caroline asked him to remarry on her deathbed, to which he replied "No, I shall only have mistresses" or in French, "Non, j'aurai seulement des maîtresses!" in tears.
George had Caroline buried in Westminster Abbey. He bought two coffins with removable sides, so after he died they would lie together again.

Caroline's nine pregnancies (from 1707-1724) resulted in eight live births. One of them, Prince George William (13 November 1717-17 February 1718), died in infancy. Seven of them lived to adulthood.
Caroline alongside Prince Albert, and Mary of Modena is regarded one of the most powerful British consorts in History.


Coset

If G is a group and H a subgroup of G, x is an element in G, and h is an element in H the cosets of H in G are defined as follows: 


When xH = Hx we say that H is normal in G.

Lagrange's theorem (group theory)

Lagrange's theorem in group theory states if G is a finite group and H is a subgroup of G, then |H| (how many elements are in H, called the order of H) divides |G|. Moreover, the number of distinct left (right) cosets of H in G is |G|/|H|. This theorem is named after mathematician Joseph-Louis Lagrange.

Applications 

Label (philately)

Label or coupon or tab in philately is a part of sheet of stamps separated from them with perforation (or narrow white margin in imperforate stamps). It cannot be used for postage because it does not have face value and any indication of a postal administration that issued such stamps with labels. The notion of label should not be messed up with the term "gutter" or with a margin of a stamp sheet.

Sometimes, label is also a stamp-like adhesive of no postal value, often used for promotional purposes. 

Liz Cohen

Liz Cohen (born 1973) is a performance artist. Her best known project is called "Bodywork". She changed an old East German small car (a Trabant), so that it can transform into a larger American car (a Chevrolet). She hired a personal trainer and dieted so she could appear in a bikini to be the model for the car.

She currently teaches at Cranbrook Academy of Art and lives in Detroit, Michigan.


Rainbow flag (LGBT)

The Rainbow flag has been the symbol of the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) community since its creation in 1978. It is also called the 'Pride Flag.' The flag was created by Gilbert Baker of San Francisco, California in 1978.

The flag was first used at a LGBT pride parade in San Francisco in 1978, at that time it had eight colors. The next year it was changed to six colors, so it could be easier to make.

The flag was first made by Gilbert Baker, to be used instead of the pink triangle symbol used before. The pink triangle was used by Nazis to show who was homosexual. Homosexual people were sent to concentration camps in Nazi Germany, where they made homosexual men wear a pink triangle. This was like the yellow Star of David that Jews had to wear to show who was Jewish. LGBT people were not ashamed of the pink triangle, but they wanted a more positive, happier symbol.

In the LGBT version of the rainbow flag, each color has a different meaning
It used to have a pink stripe, which meant "sexuality", but was removed because the pink cloth was unable to be mass produced.It also had a Turquoise stripe as well, but it was removed.



Program specification

In computer science, a program specification is the definition of what a computer program is expected to do. It can be informal, in which case it can be considered as a blueprint or user manual from a developer point of view, or formal, in which case it has a definite meaning defined in mathematical or programmatic terms. In practice, most successful specifications are written to understand and fine-tune applications that were already well-developed, although safety-critical software systems are often carefully specified prior to application development. Specifications are most important for external interfaces that must remain stable.

In systems engineering a specification is a document that clearly and accurately describes the essential technical requirements for items, materials, or services including the procedures by which it can be determined that the requirements have been met. Specifications help avoid duplication and inconsistencies, allow for accurate estimates of necessary work and resources, act as a negotiation and reference document for engineering changes, provide documentation of configuration, and allow for consistent communication among those responsible for the eight primary functions of Systems Engineering. They provide a precise idea of the problem to be solved so that they can efficiently design the system and estimate the cost of design alternatives. They provide guidance to testers for verification (qualification) of each technical requirement.

Debugging

In computer science, debugging is the process of finding (and correcting) errors in a computer program. When programmers think that the program may have an error, they debug the program. They look for an error, and when they find it, they try to correct it so the program will work correctly. This improves the quality of the product.

Hubble's law

Hubble's law, or the HubbleLemaître law, is the name for an astronomical observation. The observation is that: 

The space-time volume of the observable universe is expanding. Hubble's law is the direct physical observation of this. This is why we believe the Universe is expanding. The evidence supports the Big Bang model.

Although widely attributed to Edwin Hubble, the law was first derived from the General Relativity equations by Georges Lemaître in a 1927 article. There he proposed that the Universe is expanding, and suggested a value for the rate of expansion, now called the Hubble constant. Two years later Edwin Hubble confirmed the existence of that law and got a more accurate value for the constant that now bears his name. The recession velocity of the objects was inferred from their redshifts, as measured earlier by Vesto Slipher in 1917 and related to velocity by him. 

The law is often expressed by the equation , with "H" the constant of proportionality (the Hubble constant) between the "proper distance" "D" to a galaxy and its velocity "v" (see "Uses of the proper distance"). "H" is usually quoted in (km/s)/Mpc, which gives the speed in km/s of a galaxy away. The reciprocal of "H" is the Hubble time.

A recent 2011 estimate of the Hubble constant, which used a new infrared camera on the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) to measure the distance and redshift for a collection of astronomical objects, gives a value of . An alternate approach using data from galactic clusters gave a value of .

A number of other methods have been used, giving figures between 70 and 72 (km/s)/Mpc. A recent (2016) method using the oldest light in the universe suggests the Hubble Constant value was 66.53km/s per megaparsec soon after the expansion began. This implies that the rate of expansion has been increasing.

The expansion of the Universe is accelerating. The accelerated expansion of the universe was discovered during 1998 by two independent projects. These were the Supernova Cosmology Project and the High-Z Supernova Search Team. They both used distant type 1a supernovae to measure the acceleration.

According to an article in "New Scientist", there are two main ways of measuring this, and they do not agree. The two methods used are:

Carol Ann Duffy

Dame Carol Ann Duffy (born 23 December 1955) is a Scottish poet and playwright. She was born in the Gorbals, Glasgow and moved to Stafford when she was six. On 1 May 2009 she was appointed Britain's poet laureate. She is the first female British poet laureate, as well as being the first Scottish and first openly LGBT one. She was awarded an OBE in 1995, a CBE in 2002, and was made a dame (DBE) in 2015.

East Turkestan

East Turkistan, Uyghuristan, and Uyghurstan (Uyghur: Sherqiy Türkistan; Uyghuriye), refers to the eastern part of the greater Turkestan region of Central Asia. It has an area of 1,664,900 km2 and a population of 21,813,334 (2010 est).

1977 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1977 Atlantic hurricane season started on June 1, 1977 and ended on November 30, 1977. Sometimes storms form outside these dates but that did not happen in 1977. The first storm formed on August 29, a very late start. This season was inactive, with only six storm forming. The only memorable storm is Hurricane Anita, because of its strength.


The names below were used for named storms (tropical storms and hurricanes) that formed in the 1977 Atlantic hurricane season. In this season the names Anita, Babe, Clara and Evelyn for the first time. Names that did not get used are marked in .

The name Anita was retired in spring of 1980. Because the list changed in 1979 due to adding male names, Anita wasn't replaced with a particular name.



Ahmad Shah Durrani

Ahmad Shah Durrani (c.1723-1773) (Pashto: احمد شاه دراني), also known as Ahmad Shah Abdali (Pashto: احمد شاه ابدالي) and born as Ahmed Khan, was the founder of the Durrani Empire in 1747. 

He united the different Afghan tribes and conquered what is now Afghanistan, Pakistan, eastern Iran and The Punjab in north western India. He is recognized as the Founding Father of the modern state of Afghanistan. 

His mausoleum is located in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar, adjacent to the mosque where Muhammad the Prophet's sacred cloak is kept as memorabilia. It is not worshiped.

Nemrut (volcano)

Nemrut (Turkish: "Nemrut Dağı", Armenian: Սարակն, «Mountain spring», scientific transliteration: "Sarakn", Kurdish "Çiyayê Nemrud") is a dormant volcano in Eastern Turkey, close to Lake Van, at . 

The volcano is named after King Nimrod who is said to have ruled this area in about 2100 BC.


Detective Conan

, also known as Case Closed is a crime manga series. This comic is written by Gosho Aoyama. The series began in 1994. The manga series has been made into an anime television show. It has been on the air from 1996 to the present time.

"Detective Conan" is about a teenage detective named Shinichi Kudo, who is poisoned by an evil group called "The Black Organization". The poison was supposed to kill him. However, the poison instead turned him into a small child. Shinichi adopts a new identity as "Conan Edogawa", and lives with his girlfriend, Ran Mouri, and her father, Detective Kogoro Mori, under the pretense that his parents are away and unable to take care of him. As a child, Shinichi/Conan helps Kogorou solve murder cases, while trying to find the evil men who poisoned him, to steal the poison and create an antidote.

When "Detective Conan" first arrived in the United States, the name was changed to Case Closed in English for legal reasons that were never specified. Some of the character names were be changed as well. Shinichi had his first name changed to Jimmy. Ran Mori became Rachel Moore, while her father became Richard. Hiroshi had his first name changed to Hershel. Heiji Hattori became Harley Hartwell. Sonoko Suzuki became Serena Sebastian. Ai Haibara became Anita Hailey. However, Conan kept his Japanese name in English.

This is the reasoning comics describing a high school student detective solving many incidents. His name is Shinichi Kudo. The 17 year old changed to a small child's body because of poison by the Black Organization. The Black organization is an international crime organization and its main activity is assassination, trading, and inventing new drugs. The code names of the members are usually named after liquors. For example, Gin, Vodka, and Vermouth. Ai Haibara, who invented the drug Shinichi took, was a member of this organization but when she was locked in handcuffs, she took the same drug Shinichi took, and became a six year-old girl and escaped from them. Her old code name was Sherry.

The protagonist. He solves cases (mostly murders) as a first grader. His seventeen-year-old body was shrunk due to a poison created by the Black Organization. He use a wide array of gadgets to solve crimes.

A high-school friend of Shinichi. Conan lives with her, and she is not aware of his true identity. She longs to see Shinichi again.

Ran's father. He is a famous private detective, but his fame is due to Conan solving cases using his voice (via the Voice-Changing Bowtie).

A plump doctor/professor who knows Conan's true identity and makes gadgets for him.

A former member of the Black Organization. Her body shrunk due to the same poison that Conan took.

A rival high school detective who knows Conan's true identity and is called the "teen detective of the west" 

A boy-crazy friend of Ran's. Conan sometimes uses her voice to solve crimes instead of Kogoro's. She is also a big fan of KID, the phantom thief.


Kaitou Kid (怪盗キッド "Kaitō Kiddo", lit. Phantom Thief Kid) is the secret identity of the main character in the manga and anime franchise "Magic Kaito", and a recurring character in the manga and anime franchise "Detective Conan".



Mulhacén

Mulhacén is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula. It is part of the Sierra Nevada range in the Cordillera Penibética. It is named after Abu l-Hasan Ali, or "Muley Hacén" as he is known in Spanish, the last-but-one Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century, who according to legend was buried on the summit of the mountain.


Fedora Project

Fedora Project is an organization which develops the Linux distribution, Fedora. It is sponsored by Red Hat. It consists of Red Hat employees. However, it works independently.
The project is not a separate legal organization. So, Red Hat has responsibility for its actions.

Maaloula

Maaloula (, "Ma‘lūlā", from the Aramaic word ܡܥܠܐ, "ma‘lā", meaning 'entrance') is a town in Syria. Most people in the town speak Western Neo-Aramaic. It is one of only three places where the Western branch of the Aramaic languages is still spoken along with two other nearby towns Bakh'a and Jubb'adin, Maaloula 56 km northeast of Damascus, and built into the rugged mountainside, at an altitude of more than 1500 meters. The distance and geography helped protect the town and its language for over one and half thousand years. However, modern roads and transportation, as well as accessibility to Arabic-language television and print media - and for some time until recently, also state policy - have eroded that linguistic heritage. As of 2005, the town has a population of 2,000.

Religiously, the population are both Christians and Muslims. For the Muslim inhabitants, the legacy is all the more remarkable given that they were not Arabized, unlike most other Syrians who like them were Islamized over the centuries but also adopted Arabic and shifted to an "Arab" ethnic identity.

Most people go on to assume that people in the Middle-East are Arab. While Arabic is the official language there are groups in "Arab" countries that have a clearly distinct culture. These Arameans are not Arab but have actually dwelled in Syria thousands of years before the Arabs came along. While a lot of them have turned to speak Arabic they retain the identity and the language which they use in church fellowship.

Juliana of the Netherlands

Juliana (Juliana Luise Emma Marie Wilhelmina van Oranje-Nassau; 30 April 1909 – 20 March 2004) was Queen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, from her mother's abdication in 1948, to her own in 1980. She died of pneumonia caused by dementia on 20 March 2004, aged 94.


George Szell

George Szell (pronounced: “sell”) (7 June 1897 - 30 July 1970) was a conductor. He was born Hungarian and became a naturalized American. He is particularly remembered for his work with the Cleveland Orchestra which he made into one of the world’s finest orchestras.

George (originally “Georg”) Szell was born in Budapest, Hungary and grew up in Vienna, Austria. His music teachers included Mandyczewski, who had been a friend of Brahms, and Max Reger who taught him composition. He was an excellent pianist and was only 11 when he first performed in public, playing one of his own compositions. He started touring Europe. He was only 16 when he conducted the orchestra of the Vienna Court Opera (now the Vienna Philharmonic) and 17 when he appeared with the Berlin Philharmonic, both as pianist and conducting his own music.

Szell soon realized that what he wanted to do most was to conduct. He stopped composing, although he kept up his piano playing until the end of his life. Richard Strauss got him some work with the Berlin Staatsoper in 1915. He conducted in several German opera houses, including Darmstadt, Düsseldorf, again in Berlin from 1924-1929 and then Prague (1929-1937). He first conducted in the United States in 1930 with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra. At this time he was better known as an opera conductor than as a conductor of orchestral concerts.

When World War II started in 1939 Szell was in the U.S. on his way to Europe after having toured Australia. He stayed in the U.S. and settled with his family in New York City. At first he earned a living as a teacher, but he soon began to get invitations to conduct. He conducted the NBC Symphony Orchestra in 1941. From 1942 he often conducted the Metropolitan Opera, and the following year he appeared with the New York Philharmonic. In 1946 he became a naturalized citizen of the United States.

In 1946 Szell got the job he was to keep for the rest of his life: Music Director of the Cleveland Orchestra. This orchestra had suffered because of the war and needed someone strong to turn it into a good orchestra. Szell agreed to do this so long as they always did exactly what he wanted.

Szell was a very strict conductor. In rehearsals he made them work very hard at every tiny detail. Like Toscanini, he was absolutely ruthless. If he thought that a musician had made some mistakes, that musician would be fired (lose his job). If anyone questioned what Szell was doing he would be fired. He even showed the cleaner the proper way to mop the floor.

By the end of the 1950s the Cleveland Orchestra had become famous for its precise playing. It had become one of the greatest orchestras in America and Europe. They toured in the U.S. and to Europe, the Soviet Union, Australia and Japan.

Szell’s strictness in his conducting was well known. He was, however, an excellent musician, and the members of the orchestra who managed to keep their jobs were delighted with the standard of their playing. They said that he praised them when they were good, and did not keep on rehearsing once the piece was perfect. Szell never showed off when conducting, he never made the music sound sentimental. Like Toscanini, he thought that a conductor should do exactly what the composer had written in the score, without adding his own personal feelings to the music. Some critics thought that his Mozart sounded a bit too lacking in feeling, but Szell said “I cannot pour chocolate sauce over asparagus”. He conducted music by the main central-European composers: Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Schumann and Brahms, Bruckner, Mahler and Strauss. He also conducted some modern music, particularly by Dutilleux, Walton, Prokofiev, Hindemith and Bartók. He encouraged Pierre Boulez to conduct the Cleveland Orchestra.

After World War II Szell often conducted other famous orchestras, including the Concertgebouw Orchestra, the London Symphony Orchestra, the Vienna Philharmonic, the New York Philharmonic and at the Salzburg Festival.

Szell married Olga Band in 1920. They were divorced in 1926. In 1938 he married Helene Schultz Teltsch. Their marriage lasted until his death.

When Szell was not working he enjoyed cooking. He also liked driving cars. Although he could have been driven to his concerts by a chauffeur, he often preferred to drive his Cadillac himself.

He died in Cleveland, Ohio in 1970.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie (1980); 

Duncan Forbes of Culloden

Duncan Forbes (1644 - 1704) was a Scottish politician, and supporter of the House of Hanover.

He was born and educated in Inverness. His son (1685–1747) was also named "Duncan Forbes".

Coláiste an Phiarsaigh

Coláiste an Phiarsaigh is a secondary school in Glanmire, County Cork for boys and girls. It has pupils who arrive each day and those who sleep there. The school uses the Irish language and expects teachers and pupils to also use this language.

Annapurna I

Annapurna I Main is an mountain in the Himalayas, in Nepal. It is part of Annapurna Massif. Annapurna I is the 10th highest mountain in the world. In the native language, the word "Annapurna" means "full of food" or "goddess of the harvests". The first people to climb Annapurna were Maurice Herzog and Louis Lachenal, in 1950.In October 2014 43 people died in an avalanche. First winter ascent by jerzy kukuczko.

History of Vietnam

The history of Vietnam begins around 2,700 years ago. Successive dynasties based in China ruled Vietnam directly for most of the period from 207 BC until 938, when Vietnam regained its independence. Vietnam remained a tributary state to its larger neighbor China for much of its history but repelled invasions by the Chinese as well as three invasions by the Mongols between 1255 and 1285. Emperor Trần Nhân Tông later diplomatically submitted Vietnam to a tributary of the Yuan to avoid further conflicts. The independent period temporarily ended in the middle to late 19th century, when the country was colonized by France (see French Indochina). During World War II, Imperial Japan expelled the French to occupy Vietnam, though they retained French administrators during their occupation. After the war, France attempted to re-establish its colonial rule but failed in the First Indochina War. The Geneva Accords partitioned the country in two with a promise of democratic election to reunite the country.
However, rather than peaceful reunification, partition led to the Vietnam War. During this time, the People's Republic of China and the Soviet Union supported the North while the United States supported the South. After millions of Vietnamese deaths, the war ended with the fall of Saigon to the North in April 1975. The reunified Vietnam suffered further internal repression and was isolated internationally due to the continuing Cold War and the Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia. In 1986, the Communist Party of Vietnam changed its economic policy and began reforms of the private sector similar to those in China. Since the mid-1980s, Vietnam has enjoyed substantial economic growth and some reduction in political repression, though reports of corruption have also risen.

Evidence of the earliest established society other than the prehistoric Iron Age Đông Sơn culture in Northern Vietnam was found in Cổ Loa, an ancient city near present-day Hà Nội. 

According to myth, the first Vietnamese people were descended from the Dragon Lord Lạc Long Quân and the Immortal Fairy Âu Cơ. Lạc Long Quân and Âu Cơ had 100 sons before deciding to part ways. 50 of the children went with their mother to the mountains, and the other 50 went with their father to the sea. The eldest son became the first in a line of early Vietnamese kings, collectively known as the Hùng kings (Hùng Vương or the Hồng Bàng Dynasty). The Hùng kings called their country, located on the Red River delta in present-day northern Vietnam, Văn Lang. The people of Văn Lang were known as the Lạc Việt.


Operation Cornflakes

The Operation Cornflakes occurred in February – March 1945 during World War II. It was a military propaganda provocation operation of the American intelligence in the enemy territory. Fake stamps similar to real issues of German postage stamps were produced and spread in the hostile territory. In philatelic terms, they are illegal and have status of forgeries, falsification (fakes) or cinderellas. The specific case of passage by mail was an interesting operation of Intelligence; otherwise, stamps in the circulation would be identified and destroyed by post employees and/or intelligence agencies of victim state.



Wilhelmina of the Netherlands

Wilhelmina (Wilhelmina Helena Pauline Maria; 31 August 1880 – 28 November 1962) was queen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands from 1890 to 1948. Loved by the Dutch people, she was the mother of Queen Juliana and the grandmother of Queen Beatrix.

During World War II, she went to London and spoke to the Dutch people on radio from England.


Eddie Fatu

Edward "Eddie" S. Fatu (March 28, 1973 - December 4 2009) was a Samoan professional wrestler best known for working with the WWF/WWE under the ring names Jamal, Ekmo, and Umaga.

He worked closely with Matt Anoaʻi of the Anoa'i wrestling family which he was also a part of. With Anoaʻi, they formed the tag teams The Island Boyz, the Samoan Gangstas, and 3-Minute Warning. He also wrestled for All Japan Pro Wrestling and wrestled a short time in TNA Wrestling from 2003 to 2004.

Eddie Fatu died on December 4, 2009 of a heart attack. The official cause of his death was from acute toxicity from the combined effects of hydrocodone, carisoprodol, and diazepam.



William III of the Netherlands

William III of the Netherlands ("Willem Alexander Paul Frederik Lodewijk", anglicised: "William Alexander Paul Frederick Louis of Orange-Nassau"; 19 February 1817 – 23 November 1890) was from 1849 King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg until his death. He was married to Princess Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont. He was the father of Wilhelmina of the Netherlands and the grandfather of Juliana of the Netherlands. He is also the great-grandfather of Beatrix of the Netherlands, who is the mother of the current king of The Netherlands, Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands.


Susan B. Anthony

Susan Brownell Anthony (February 15, 1820 - March 13, 1906) was an American women's rights leader. At 17, she became a schoolteacher, but soon became involved in activism regarding slavery and drinking. By the 1850s, she was working closely with Elizabeth Cady Stanton for women's rights, including the vote. She edited a newspaper called "The Revolution" for several years. In 1872, she was arrested for trying to vote. For many years, she was the leader of the National Women's Suffrage Association, which wanted women to have the right to vote. The 19th Amendment (change to the U.S. Constitution) was passed in 1920, 14 years after Anthony's death on March 13, 1906. Anthony later became the first woman on a U.S. coin. This coin was a dollar coin. She died on March 13th, 1906 due to a heart failure, not before coining the phrase "Failure is Impossible!"

William II of the Netherlands

William II of the Netherlands (Willem Frederik George Lodewijk van Oranje-Nassau; 6 December 1792 – 7 March/17 March 1849) was King of the Netherlands, Grand Duke of Luxembourg, and Duke of Limburg from 7 October 1840 until his death. 

He was the father of William III of the Netherlands and grandfather of Wilhelmina of the Netherlands.

Anna Pavlovna of Russia

Grand Duchess Anna Pavlovna of Russia (; St. Petersburg, 18 January 1795 - The Hague, 1 March 1865) was Queen of the Netherlands. She was the mother of William III of the Netherlands. She was the grandmother of Wilhelmina of the Netherlands. Her father was Paul I of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov, because of his Paternal Grandfather, Charles Frederick, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp. Anna was also the Great-grandniece of Adolf Frederick, King of Sweden. A year later, her father became Emperor of Russia, in 1796, November 17—1801, March 23. Her lifespan and Paul's lifespan are totally different, Anna had a long life and Paul I only have 46 years life.

Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands

Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands (29 June 1911 – 1 December 2004) was the prince consort of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands. He was the father of Beatrix of the Netherlands. He was born in Jena, Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, German Empire. 

He died of lung cancer in Utrecht, Netherlands at the age of 93. 


George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

George Victor (14 January 1831 - 12 May 1893) was the 3rd sovereign Prince of the German state of Waldeck and Pyrmont. He was the father of Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont, the consort of William III of the Netherlands. George Victor is the great-great grandfather of Beatrix of the Netherlands.

Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Adelheid Emma Wilhelmina Theresia (Arolsen, 2 August 1858 – Den Haag, 20 March 1934), Princess of Orange-Nassau, Princess of Waldeck-Pyrmont, was the second wife of king William III of the Netherlands. She was married to him from 1879 until he died in 1890. After his death, she became Queen-Regent of the Netherlands because her daughter Wilhelmina was only 10 when her father died, and too young to reign.

Emma was the fourth of seven children. Her father was George Victor, king of Waldeck and Pyrmont, and her mother was Helena, Princess of Nassau-Weilburg. Her grandmother on her father's side, Emma of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym, was a grandchild of princess Carolina of Orange-Nassau and Karel Christiaan of Nassau-Weilburg. Her grandfather on her mother's side, Willem of Nassau-Weilburg, was also their grandchild. This means that Emma was related to the House of Orange-Nassau through two family connections.

The princess grew up in Schloss Arolsen in Germany. Her daughter, the later Queen Wilhelmina wrote in her autobiography that her mother's home life was very modern and well informed for that time.

The king was married before, to his cousin Sophie of Württemberg. She died in 1877. Their marriage was unhappy, they had lived apart since 1855. William III had a few relationships outside his first marriage. The newspapers even reported on his relationships with the American barmaid Elisa Parker and the opera singer Leonora d'Ambre from Paris.

After Sophie died, and the sons did not marry anyone, William thought it best to re-marry. That way, the family name of Orange would not die out. He met Sophie after going to her house to meet her older sister Pauline. He had also looked into marrying his niece Elisabeth van Saksen-Weimar-Eisenach.

When they were engaged in September 1878, Emma was 20 years old, and William was 61. They married on 7 January 1879, and on 31 August 1880, Wilhelmina was born.

The first years of the marriage were happy for Queen Emma. She liked to do woodcarving, and spent a lot of time in her workshop in Utrecht. She also spent a lot of time on taking care of her "Wimmy". But soon things changed. In 1884, William's youngest son Alexander died. He was 32 years old, and was not married. William's other sons had already died: Maurits in 1850 age 6, and William in 1879 aged 38. This meant that princess Wilhelmina would now be next in line to become Queen.

The princess was only three years old. The King was 65. Because of the age difference, the government voted for Emma to become "Regent". This meant that if the king died before Wilhelmina was 18 years old, Emma would do the job of Queen until Wilhelmina was old enough to take over.

The health of the King went downhill fast in 1888. In May the family moved from The Hague to their palace in the quiet of Apeldoorn. The king could no longer rule the country. The government voted that Queen Emma would be Regent, and she took the oath to rule for her husband on 20 November in The Hague. She ruled in his place for only three days; William died on 23rd November 1890. He was 73 years old. From that day, at 10 years old, Wilhelmina officially became the Queen. Emma became Queen-regent for her daughter until 1898.

Emma worked in the same way as her husband. She made sure she would meet all ministers once every fourteen days. Unlike her husband, she opened up for everyone who wanted to speak to her. She also opened a lot of the post that was sent to her personally. In her period as Queen-widow-regent, she had to reshuffle her cabinet three times. She found this a difficult task.

She also gave great care to raising her daughter. She wanted to make sure her daughter would be ready to be the queen.

Young Wilhelmina soon chose her own path when she became Queen. She tried to get away from her mother, but often had to rely on her good knowledge of protocol. At first they lived together in Palace Noordeinde. When Wilhelmina married, Emma moved to Palace Lange Voorhout. She was no longer involved in reigning the country but still would receive diplomats and other people as widow of the king.

She supported the work to stop tuberculosis, which was a disease many people died from at the time. Her sister Sophie had died from it too.

The next in line to the throne, Juliana, was born in 1909. The government again looked for a regent. They did not think Wilhelmina's husband Hendrik was good. Because they had good memories of Emma as regent, they requested that Emma again be Regent. Wilhelmina agreed, and from 1909 to 1927 (when Juliana would be 18) Emma once again was regent. This time it was not needed.

Emma died on 20th March 1934 from the complications of bronchitis.




Dajabón River

The River Dajabón is a river in the northern side of the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic. It is 55 km long and flows to the north into the Manzanillo Bay, Atlantic Ocean.

The Taíno name of the river was "Guatapaná" but the Spanish people that came to live in the Hispaniola island called it Dajabón after the Taíno name of the region ("Dahaboon"). Because this river was the border between the two colonies of the island, there were many fights during the 16th and 17th centuries and many people died here; then the French people began to name the river Massacre, written sometimes Masacre in Spanish; massacre means the killing of many people.

The source of the Dajabón is at the "Pico de Gallo" mountain, on the northern side of the Cordillera Central mountain range. It flows through the Dajabón province and then form part of the limits between Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Its mouth is in the Manzanillo Bay, on the Atlantic Ocean.

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 2.84 cubic metres per second at Don Miguel, a place a few kilometres south of the city of Dajabón.

The city of Dajabón is the most important Dominican city close to the river. It flows also through the city of Loma de Cabrera. The Haitian city of Ouanaminthe is also close to the river.

The most important tributary is the river "Capotillo" (in Haiti, river "Bernard"). There is not any important tributary in the lower part.

The river Capotillo is part of the northern border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic until it joins the river Dajabón between the cities of Loma de Cabrera and Dajabón. Then the border follows the course of the river Dajabón.

Vocational school

A vocational school is a school where students go to learn how to do a particular job. In the 1990s, trade schools have also added some focus on academics.

Technical school

A technical school is a two-year school where people are trained for specific jobs. In the United States Military, this is where recruits go after training.

Giardia lamblia

Giardia lamblia (also known as "Lamblia intestinalis" and "Giardia duodenalis") is a parasite that infects the intestines and causes giardiasis or 'beaver fever'. "Giardia" affects humans, cats, dogs and birds, cows, beavers, deer, and sheep.

Colloquialism

A colloquialism is a word that is not used in formal speech or writing. Colloquialisms are also sometimes referred to collectively as "colloquial language". Colloquialisms or "colloquial language" is considered to be characteristic of or only appropriate for casual, ordinary, familiar, or informal conversation rather than formal speech or writing. Dictionaries often mark colloquial words and phrases with the abbreviation "colloq." as an identifier.

Bernard Dietz

Bernard Dietz (born 22 March, 1948) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

529||78
529||78

!Total||53||0

Rolf Rüssmann

Rolf Rüssmann (13 October, 1950 – 2 October, 2009) was a German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

453||48
11||0
464||48

!Total||20||1

Rainer Bonhof

Rainer Bonhof (born 29 March, 1952) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

311||57
60||10
371||67

!Total||53||9

Borussia Mönchengladbach

Valencia

1. FC Köln

Germany

Individual

Rüdiger Abramczik

Rüdiger Abramczik (born 18 February 1956) is a former German football player. He has played for the West Germany national team.

372||91
372||91

!Total||19||2

Herbert Zimmermann

Herbert Zimmermann (born 1 July, 1954) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

204||22
204||22

!Total||14||2

Heinz Flohe

Heinz Flohe (28 January 1948 – 15 June 2013) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

343||80
343||80

!Total||39||8

Hans-Georg Schwarzenbeck

Hans-Georg Schwarzenbeck (born 3 April, 1948) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

416||21
416||21

!Total||44||0

Bayern Munich

West Germany


Harald Konopka

Harald Konopka (born 18 November, 1952) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

352||21
352||21

!Total||2||0

Dieter Müller

Dieter Müller (born 1 April, 1954) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

354||203
93||43
7||3
454||249

!Total||12||9

Erich Beer

Erich Beer (born 9 December, 1946) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

426||121
426||121

!Total||24||7

Bernhard Cullmann

Bernhard Cullmann, (born 1 November 1949), nicknamed "Bernd", is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder and sometimes as a defender.



Bernd Hölzenbein

Bernd Hölzenbein (born 9 March, 1946) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

420||160
46||10
466||170

!Total||40||5

Gerd Zewe

Gerd Zewe (born 13 June 1950) is a former German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

440||42
440||42

!Total||4||0

Ronald Worm

Ronald Worm (born 7 October, 1953) is a former German football player. He has played for the West German national team.

380||119
380||119

!Total||7||5

Rudi Kargus

Rudolf Kargus (born 15 August, 1952) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

436||0
436||0

!Total||3||0

Dieter Burdenski

Dieter Burdenski (born 26 November, 1950) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

510||1
1||0
3||0
514||1

!Total||12||0

Helmut Schön

Helmut Schön (15 September, 1915 – 23 February 1996) was a German football player and coach. He played for the German national team. He is best known as coach of the German football national team from 1964 until 1978.

Schön was a striker. He played for Dresdner SC. With this team he won the German football championship in 1943 and 1944 and the cup in 1941 and 1942. He appeared 16 times for his country between 1937 and 1941. He shot 17 goals for the national football team.

From 1952 till 1956, Schön was the coach of the then independent Saarland. After the reunification with Germany in 1956 he became assistant coach to Sepp Herberger in the national team. He is best known as coach of the German football national team from 1964 - 1978. During his 14 years as national coach he reached 87 victories, 30 draws and 22 defeats in 139 matches.


!Total||16||17


Horst-Dieter Höttges

Horst-Dieter Höttges (born 10 September, 1943) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

450||55
450||55

!Total||66||1

Herbert Wimmer

Herbert Wimmer (born 9 November 1944) is a former German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

366||51
366||51

!Total||36||4

Jürgen Grabowski

Jürgen "Grabi" Grabowski (7 July 1944 – 10 March 2022) was a German footballer.

Grabowski died on 10 March 2022 in Wiesbaden, Germany at the age of 77. At the time of his death, he was on dialysis.





Günter Netzer

Günter Netzer (born 14 September 1944) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

297||108
85||9
382||117

!Total||37||6

Jupp Heynckes

Jupp Heynckes (born 9 May 1945) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

394||243
394||243

!Total||39||14

Wolfgang Overath

Wolfgang Overath (born 29 September, 1943) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.




Uli Hoeneß

Uli Hoeneß (born 5 January 1952) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team. He was a striker.

250||86
250||86

!Total||35||5

Dieter Herzog

Dieter Herzog (born 15 July 1946) is a former German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

360||57
360||57

!Total||5||0

Jupp Kapellmann

Jupp Kapellmann (born 19 December, 1949) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

338||37
338||37

!Total||5||0

Helmut Kremers

Helmut Kremers (born 24 March, 1949) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

322||60
31||3
353||63

!Total||8||0

Norbert Nigbur

Norbert Nigbur (born 8 May, 1948) is a former German football player. He was a goalkeeper and has played six times for the West Germany national team.

!Total||6||0


Wolfgang Kleff

Wolfgang Kleff (born 16 November, 1946) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

Kleff joined Borussia Mönchengladbach in 1968 and played for the team from 1968 to 1979. He also played for Hertha BSC, Fortuna Düsseldorf,Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, VfL Bochum and for the promoted FC Salmrohr in the Second Bundesliga. At this time he was 40 years old. At the end of his long career Wolfgang Kleff had played 433 matches in the Bundesliga and 56 games in the 2nd Bundesliga.

He was part of the German team for the UEFA Euro 1972 and the FIFA Worldcup 1974, both won by Germany. Due to the fact that Sepp Maier was number 1 goalkeeper he had only six matches during his international career.

With Borussia Mönchengladbach he played the UEFA Cup Final 1973 and the European Cup Final in 1977 (now Champions League). This finals were both lost against Liverpool F.C.. He won the Bundesliga five times (1970, 1971, 1975, 1976, 1977), one German Cup (1973) and two UEFA Cups (1975, 1979).

Even after the end of his professional career he played for different amateur clubs. His last match was 2008 as he played 35 minutes for FC Rheinbach at the age of 61.

489||0
489||0

!Total||6||0

Karl-Heinz Schnellinger

Karl-Heinz Schnellinger (born 31 March, 1939) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

284||3
19||0
303||3

!Total||47||1

Willi Schulz

Willi Schulz (born 4 October 1938) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

263||5
263||5
!Total||66||0

Wolfgang Weber

Wolfgang Weber (born 26 June, 1944) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

356||21
356||21

!Total||53||2

Helmut Haller

Helmut Haller (; 21 July 1939 – 11 October 2012) was a German footballer who played as a forward. At international level, he represented West Germany at three World Cups. At club level, he played in both Germany and Italy, and won Italian league titles with Bologna and Juventus. He suffered of dementia and Parkinson's disease.

Both a playmaker and goalscorer, Haller was noted for his exceptional technique and finesse as a striker, yet also for his weight problems, which troubled him throughout his career. In Italy Haller is considered one of the greatest wingers and player of Bologna in the sixties. He currently remains famed for his "irresistible dribbling, his innate genius, his great eye for goal, his charisma."

On Boxing Day 2006, Haller suffered a serious heart attack and was reported to be recovering well after treatment. Later he also suffered from dementia and Parkinson's disease. Haller died on 11 October 2012. He was survived by his third wife, the native Cuban Noraimy Rodriguez Guiterrez, whom he married in 2003 when she was aged just 21, two sons and a daughter. Haller was also an uncle of Christian Hochstätter, a long-serving Borussia Mönchengladbach player and twice West German international.

Bologna

Juventus

Augsburg

Germany


Sigfried Held

Sigfried Held (born 7 August 1942) is a former German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

542||101
542||101

!Total||41||5

Klaus Fichtel

Klaus Fichtel (born 19 November, 1944) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

594||14
594||14

!Total||23||1

Reinhard Libuda

Reinhard Libuda (10 October 1943 - 25 August 1996) was a German football player. He played for the West German national team.

289||36
16||3
305||39

!Total||26||3

Bernd Patzke

Bernd Patzke (born 14 March 1943) is a German former football player and manager.

The defender was twice a player of the West German national team for FIFA World Cup tournaments: 1966 in England and 1970 in Mexico. Altogether he won 24 caps between 1965 and 1971.

1860 Munich


Max Lorenz

Max Lorenz (born 19 August, 1939) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

247||17
247||17

!Total||19||1

Hannes Löhr

Hannes Löhr (5 July 1942 – 29 February 2016) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

441||219
441||219

!Total||20||5

Klaus-Dieter Sieloff

Klaus-Dieter Sieloff (27 February 1942 – 13 December 2011) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

347||40
347||40

!Total||14||5

Peter Dietrich

Peter Dietrich (born 6 March, 1944) is a former German football player. He has played for the West German national team.

213||21
213||21

!Total||1||0

Manfred Manglitz

Manfred Manglitz (born 8 March, 1940) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

162||0
162||0

!Total||4||0

Horst Wolter

Horst Wolter (born 8 June 1942) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

243||0
243||0

!Total||13||0

Cauldron

A cauldron or caldron (from Latin "caldarium", hot bath) is a large metal pot (kettle) for cooking and/or boiling over an open fire. It is often associated with witches. Usually, the metal used is cast iron. A cauldron is also a measure used in measuring coal.

Frying pan

A frying pan, frypan, or skillet is a cooking pan used for frying, searing, and browning foods. It is usually about 20 to 30 cm (8 to 12 inches) across. It is flat and has flared sides and no lid. It is almost always made of metal, such as iron or aluminum. In some cases glass and ceramic has been used to make safe frying pans.

Huang Xianfan

Huang Xianfan (13 November 1899, China – 18 January 1982, People's Republic of China) was a Chinese historian, famous scholar and leader of the Bagui School and the Wunu School. He is considered by many to be the "Great Master of Zhuang Ethnic Research" for his writings about the ancient history of Zhuang Ethnic and Baiyue Ethnic.

During three periods of ethnic identification work after 1949, professors Fei Xiaotong, Huang Xianfan, Xia Kangnong and a lot of academic masters and scholars from anthropology and ethnic study circles made their great contributions. It was upon this research work of national ethnic identification that the State Council could be able to announce there are 56 ethnicities in China. This was a pioneering contribution to Chinese ethnic studies. In the mean time,the world ethnic study circles noticed this. This was the reason that ethnic study circles called professor Huang a founder of modern Chinese ethnic studies.




Anaxandridas II

Anaxandridas II was a king of Sparta between 560 and 525 BC, and was the father of Leonidas I, king of Sparta.

Anaxandridas was a son of Leon of Sparta and also his successor. It is not known who Anaxandridas' mother is. His first wife was also his niece.

Having a seemingly infertile wife whom he would not divorce, the ephors made him marry a second wife, who born him a son, Cleomenes I. Sons that came out of his relationship with his first wife were Dorieus (father of Euryanas), famous Leonidas I, and Cleombrotus.

Several sayings are ascribed to him, according to Plutarch.

Foreign minister

A foreign minister is a person in a government whose job is to negotiate with leaders in other countries. In some countries, this person is called the foreign minister, but in other countries the person has another title. For example, in the United States, the top diplomat is called the Secretary of State.

A foreign minister's powers vary in different governments. In a general parliamentary system, a foreign minister forms foreign policy. But when the government has a strong prime minister the foreign minister may be may not determine policy himself.

Foreign ministers are also traditionally responsible for many diplomatic duties, such as hosting foreign world leaders. They also are responsible for going on state visits to other countries. The foreign minister is generally person who travels the most in any cabinet.

In the United Kingdom, the foreign minister is called the 'Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs' (or Foreign Secretary for short). Before 1968, the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs only handled relations with non-Commonwealth, countries. The relations with Commonwealth countries and colonies were handled by the Secretary of State for Commonwealth Affairs. So, in Commonwealth countries other than the United Kingdom, the ministers responsible for handling relations with both Commonwealth and non-Commonwealth countries were formerly usually designated ministers for 'External Affairs'.

In the United States, the foreign minister is called the 'Secretary of State'. He occupies the oldest cabinet post in the nation. The post originally had several domestic duties. Other common titles may include minister of foreign relations. In many Spanish-Speaking Latin American countries, the foreign minister is colloquially called canciller (chancellor).

Hans Tilkowski

Hans Tilkowski (12 July 1935 – 5 January 2020) was a German football player and manager. He played for West Germany national team.

Tilkowski died after a long-illness on 5 January 2020 at the age of 84.

121||0
121||0

!Total||39||0

Albert Brülls

Albert Brülls (born 26 March, 1937) is a former German football player. He has played for the West German national team.

194||49
127||13
321||62

!Total||25||9

Lothar Emmerich

Lothar Emmerich (29 November 1941 - 13 August 2003) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

Borussia Dortmund

Germany

Individual

Heinz Hornig

Heinz Hornig (born 28 September, 1937) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

256||56
256||56

!Total||7||0

Friedel Lutz

Friedel Lutz (21 January 1939 — 7 February 2023) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

335||8
335||8

!Total||12||0

Wolfgang Paul (footballer)

Wolfgang Paul (; born 25 January 1940 in Olsberg, Province of Westphalia) is a German former football player.

Captaining Borussia Dortmund to the European Cup Winners Cup in 1966, Paul got included in Helmut Schön's West German national football team for the 1966 FIFA World Cup. Despite this, the defender never played a match for West Germany and had to retire early because Wolfgang picked up an injury in the late 1960s.


Werner Krämer

Werner Krämer (born 23 January 1940 in Duisburg; died 12 February 2010) was a German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

Günter Bernard

Günter Bernard (born 4 November, 1939) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

359||1
359||1

!Total||5||0

Jacobins

The Jacobins were a group of radicalists who supported The French Revolution.
Their leader was Maximilien de Robespierre, and they were in power of the French government from June of 1793 to July of 1794.

Initially founded in 1789 by anti-royalist deputies from Brittany, the club grew into a nationwide republican movement, with a membership estimated at a half million or more.

Members of the Jacobins would often belong to mainly to the less prosperous section of the society (the working class). They included shopkeepers, artisans, cooks, shoemakers and daily wage workers.

They dressed differently by wearing long striped trousers similar to those worn by dock workers.

Classicism

The word classicism, in the arts, is used when talking about art from the Ancient Greeks and Romans and their influence. The art of classicism often involves a thoughtful approach to the arts in which beauty and form is admired, rather than passion or any kind of exaggeration.

Classicism influenced several periods in European history, especially the Italian Renaissance, Age of Reason, the Age of Enlightenment and some movements in Modernism.

Classicism can apply to painting, sculpture, architecture, music, dance, literature or philosophy.



Police Academy: The Animated Series

Police Academy: The Series, also known as Police Academy: The Animated Series, is an popular 1988 American animated television series based on the "Police Academy" series of films. It aired on Saturday mornings and lasted two seasons for a total of 64 episodes.

Some episodes feature a crime boss named Kingpin. His keen intelligence, girth, and stature are very similar to the Marvel Comics character of the same name. New characters were added to the show as well. Among them were a group of talking police dogs called the Canine Corps. They were made up of Samson (the bulldog leader), Lobo (the noble yet clumsy husky), Bonehead (the dimwitted giant St. Bernard), Chilipepper (the excitable chihuahua), and Schitzy (the only female golden retriever with an identity crisis).

The show was produced by Ruby-Spears Productions and Warner Bros. Animation. In later years, the latter company would gain distribution rights to most of the pre-1990 shows by the former, thanks to Time Warner buying Turner Entertainment (which had acquired the R-S library) in 1996.

The animated serie takes place chronologically between the fourth and fifth film of the series of films.

Twelve characters are re-created for this animated version, including a team of Academy graduates led by Carey Mahoney, a likeable rogue bachelor boy, who unconsciously—and consistently—does his best to make life miserable for Captain Harris and his knucklehead assistant Sgt. Proctor.

Mahoney's friends include the aptly named Moses Hightower, walking sound effects machine Larvell Jones, trigger-happy Eugene Tackleberry, sweet & timid Laverne Hooks, tough-as-nails Debbie Callahan, larger-than-life House, and the bread-&-butter duo of reformed gang member Zed and his best buddy, Sweetchuck.

Eric Lassard is the highly-respected (albeit dreamy) Commandant, and Academy newcomer The Professor is also on hand, and also the cadets new friends, the K-9 Corps, a group of cops dogs, and stocking our crime-fighting heroes with an endless supply of wacky gadgets as they combat a motley crew of Kingpin and other recurring villains such as Numbskull, The Claw, Mr. Sleaze, Lockjaw and Amazona.


"Police Academy" was released through chronological volumes on VHS. At least six volumes were released, each including two episodes. In 2009 on DVD with the complete series.

Tottenham Hale station

Tottenham Hale , is a National Rail and London Underground Victoria Line station in Tottenham, north London. It is on Hale Road near the Tottenham Hale one-way system. The station is in Travelcard Zone 3.

The station opened on 15 September 1840 as Tottenham. It was on the Northern & Eastern Railway (N&ER) line from Stratford in east London to Broxbourne in Hertfordshire.

It was renamed Tottenham Hale on 1 September 1968 when it became an interchange station with London Underground on the opening of the first stage of the Victoria line.


Clapton railway station

Clapton railway station is on a suburban line operated by London Overground. It is located on Upper Clapton Road. 

It links Upper Clapton to Liverpool Street in central London and Chingford.

Clapton is on a branch of the Lea Valley Lines. The branch separates into Tottenham Hale and St James Street. The line joins up with the Seven Sisters branch at Hackney Downs. Trains which call at Clapton do not serve the Tottenham Hale branch.

Clapton is in both Travelcard Zone 2 and Travelcard Zone 3.

Liverpool Street and
Chingford

List of Police Academy episodes

List of episodes of the animated series of .

P versus NP problem

P versus NP is one of the Millennium Problems, and of great interest to people working with computers and in mathematics. One way of asking it is, "Can every solved problem whose answer can be checked quickly by a computer, also be quickly solved by a computer?" Math problems are referred to as P or NP, whether they are solvable in a given finite set of time with the problem itself being the upper limit. P problems have their solution time bound to a polynomial and so are relatively fast for computers to solve, and so are considered "easy". NP problems are fast (and so "easy") for a computer to check, but are not necessarily easy to solve.

In 1956, Kurt Gödel wrote a letter to John von Neumann. In this letter, Gödel asked whether a certain NP complete problem could be solved in quadratic or linear time. In 1971, Stephen Cook introduced the precise statement of the P versus NP problem in his article "The complexity of theorem proving procedures".

Today, many people consider this problem to be the most important open problem in computer science. It is one of the seven selected by the Clay Mathematics Institute to carry a US$1,000,000 prize for a solution that invites a published recognition by the Clay Institute, and presumably one(s) that changes the whole of mathematics.

Because many of these problems touch upon related issues, and it is the dream of many mathematicians to invent unifying theories, many hope the Millennium Problems are interconnected.

A computer may be able to tell if an answer is right, but take longer to get the answer. For some interesting, practical questions of this kind, difficult answers are possible to check quickly. So NP problems may be thought of as being like riddles: it may be hard to come up with an answer to a riddle, but once one hears the answer, the answer seems obvious. In this comparison (analogy), the basic question is: are riddles really as hard as we think they are, or are we missing something? Is there a secret to always having an answer?

Because these kinds of "P versus NP" questions are so practically important, many mathematicians, scientists, and computer programmers want to prove the general proposition, that every quickly-checked problem can also be solved quickly. This question is important enough that the Clay Mathematical Institute will give $1,000,000 to anyone who successfully provides a proof or a valid explanation that disproves it.

Digging a little deeper, we see that all P problems are NP problems: it is easy to check that a solution is correct by solving the problem and comparing the two solutions. However, people want to know about the opposite: Are there any NP problems other than P problems, or are all NP problems just P problems? If NP problems are really not the same as P problems (P ≠ NP), it would mean that no general, fast ways to solve those NP problems can exist, no matter how hard we look. However, if all NP problems are P problems (P = NP), it would mean that new, very fast problem-solving methods do exist. We just have not found them yet.

Since the best efforts of scientists and mathematicians have not found general, easy methods for solving NP problems yet, many people believe that there are NP problems other than P problems (that is, that P ≠ NP is true). Most mathematicians also believe this to be true, but currently no one has proven it by rigorous mathematical analysis. If it can be proven that NP and P are the same (P = NP is true), it would have a huge impact on many aspects of day-to-day life. For this reason, the question of "P versus NP" is an important and widely studied topic.

Suppose someone wants to build two towers, by stacking rocks of different mass. One wants to make sure that each of the towers has exactly the same mass. That means one will have to put the rocks into two piles that have the same mass. If one guesses a division of the rocks that one thinks will work, it would be easy for one to check if one was right. (To check the answer, one can divide the rocks into two piles, then use a balance to see if they have the same mass.) Because it is easy to check this problem, called 'Partition' by computer scientists—easier than to solve it outright, as we will see—it is not a P problem.

How hard is it to solve, outright? If one starts with just 100 rocks, there are 2^{100-1}-1 = 633,825,300,114,114,700,748,351,602,687, or about 6.3 x 10^{29} possible ways (combinations) to divide these rocks into two piles. If one could check one unique combination of rocks every day, it would take 1.3 x 10^{22} or 1,300,000,000,000,000,000,000 years of effort. For comparison, physicists believe that the universe is about 1.4 x 10^{10} years old (450,000,000,000,000,000 or about 4.5 x 10^{17} seconds, or about one trillionth as old as the time it would take for our rock piling effort. That means that if one takes all of the time that has passed since the beginning of the universe, one would need to check more than two trillion (2,000,000,000,000) different ways of dividing the rocks "every second", in order to check all of the different ways.

If one programmed a powerful computer, to test all of these ways to divide the rocks, one might be able to check formula_1 combinations per second using current systems. This means one would still need formula_2 very powerful computers, "working since the origin of the universe," to test all the ways of dividing the rocks.

However, it may be possible to find a method of dividing the rocks into two equal piles without checking all combinations. The question "Does P equal NP?" is a shorthand for asking if any method like that can exist.

One algorithm purported to be nearly sufficient involves the following (120-rocks) steps:

There are many important NP problems that people don't know how to solve in a way that is faster than testing every possible answer. Here are some examples:


In the example above, we see that with formula_3 rocks, there are formula_4 ways to partition the set of rocks. With formula_5 rocks, there are formula_6 combinations. The function formula_7 is an exponential function. It's important to NP because it models the worst-case number of computations that are needed to solve a problem and, thus, the worst-case amount of time required.

And so far, for the hard problems, the solutions have required on the order of formula_6 computations. For any particular problem, people have found ways to reduce the number of computations needed. One might figure out that a way to do just 1% of the worst-case number of computation and that saves a "lot" of computing, but that is still formula_9 computations. And every extra rock still doubles the number of computations needed to solve the problem. There are insights that can produce methods to do even fewer computations producing variations of the model: e.g. formula_10. But the exponential function still dominates as formula_5 grows.

Consider the problem of scheduling exams (described above). But suppose, next, that there are 15000 students. There's a computer program that takes the schedules of all 15000 students. It runs in an hour and outputs an exam schedule so that all students can do their exams in one week. It satisfies lots of rules (no back-to-back exams, no more than 2 exams in any 28 hour period, ...) to limit the stress of exam week. The program runs for one hour at mid-term break and everyone knows his/her exam schedule with plenty of time to prepare.

The next year, though, there are 10 more students. If the same program runs on the same computer then that one hour is going to turn into formula_12 hours, because every additional student doubles the computations. That's formula_13 weeks! If there were 20 more students, then

Thus, for formula_18 students, it takes one hour. For formula_19 students, it takes formula_17 years.

As you can see, exponential functions grow really fast. Most mathematicians believe that the hardest NP problems require exponential time to solve.

Mathematicians can show that there are some NP problems that are NP-Complete. An NP-Complete problem is at least as difficult to solve as any other NP problem. This means that if someone found a method to solve any NP-Complete problem quickly, they could use that same method to solve "every" NP problem quickly. All of the problems listed above are NP-Complete, so if the salesman found a way to plan his trip quickly, he could tell the teacher, and she could use that same method to schedule the exams. The farmer could use the same method to determine how many boxes she needs, and the woman could use the same method to find a way to build her towers.

Because a method that quickly solves one of these problems can solve them all, there are many people who want to find one. However, because there are so many different NP-Complete problems and nobody so far has found a way to solve even one of them quickly, most experts believe that solving NP-Complete problems quickly is not possible.

In computational complexity theory, the complexity class NP-complete (abbreviated NP-C or NPC), is a class of problems having two properties:

NP-complete is a subset of NP, the set of all decision problems whose solutions can be verified in polynomial time; NP may be equivalently defined as the set of decision problems solved in polynomial time on a machine. A problem p in NP is also in NPC if and only if every other problem in NP is transformed into p in polynomial time. NP-complete was to be used as an adjective: problems in the class NP-complete were as NP+complete problems.

NP-complete problems are studied because the ability to quickly verify solutions to a problem (NP) seems to correlate with the ability to quickly solve problem (P). It is found every problem in NP is quickly solved—as called the P = NP: problem set. The single problem in NP-complete is solved quickly, faster than every problem in NP also quickly solved, because the definition of an NP-complete problem states every problem in NP must be quickly reducible to every problem in NP-complete (it is reduced in polynomial time). 

The Boolean satisfiability problem is known to be NP complete. In 1972, Richard Karp formulated 21 problems that are known to be NP-complete. These are known as Karp's 21 NP-complete problems. They include problems such as the Integer programming problem, which applies linear programming techniques to the integers, the knapsack problem, or the vertex cover problem.

Backstreet Boys

Backstreet Boys, also known as BSB, is an American pop supergroup that became popular during the 1990s and 2000s. They are the highest selling boy band of all time with 130 million records sold. The members are AJ McLean, Howie Dorough, Nick Carter, Kevin Richardson and Brian Littrell. Kevin Richardson left the group in 2006 and rejoined in 2012.

Backstreet Boys originated in Orlando, Florida and was formed on April 20, 1993 by Lou Pearlman with the help of a producer, Lil’ Shy. The early line-up of the group were Howie Dorough (19), AJ McLean (15), Nick Carter (13), Sam Licata and Charles Edwards. However Licata and Edwards left in early 1993 for personal reasons. In April 1993, Kevin Richardson along with his cousin Brian Littrell completed the group.

After series of tours and the failure of possible Mercury Records, the Backstreet Boys was finally spotlighted in Cleveland, Ohio by Jive Records in February 1994. They recorded their very first single, “We’ve Got it Goin’, written by Denniz PoP and included in Backstreet Boys’ first self-titled album that was released in summer of 1996.


Comprehensive list of the recordings made.



Brighton &amp; Hove Albion F.C.

Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. are an English football team based in the city of Brighton and Hove, East Sussex, England. They began playing in the Premier League in the 2017–18 season.manager. Premium number [west Redondo]

Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. were formed in 1901.


Withdean Stadium

Withdean Stadium is an athletics stadium in Brighton, England. It is the home stadium of Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. This is no longer the case as Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. have moved to a new stadium, The American Express Community Stadium.

Isambard Kingdom Brunel

Isambard Kingdom Brunel (9 April 1806 – 15 September 1859) was an English engineer. He was born in Portsea, Portsmouth. He created the Great Western Railway. He built many steamships and many bridges and tunnels. His designs revolutionised public transport and modern engineering.

During his career, Brunel achieved many engineering "firsts". He assisted the building of the first tunnel under a large river. He designed the SS "Great Britain", the first propeller-driven ocean-going iron ship, at the time (1843) the largest ship ever built. He was the first designer of the Clifton Suspension Bridge. The bridge had a complicated history. It is a long bridge at a great height over the River Avon. Brunel died before the bridge was completed, and before the first voyage of his ship the SS "Great Eastern".

Crab-eating Frog

The Crab-eating Frog ("Fejervarya cancrivora"), is also known as the Asian Brackish Frog, Mangrove Frog and the Rice Field Frog. It is a frog native to south-eastern Asia including the Philippines and more rarely as far west as Orissa in India. Populations of the frog have been introduced into New Guinea and Guam.

The Crab-eating Frog lives in mangrove forests, in river estuaries, swamps, and other wet areas. It also lives in man-made places like rice fields and roadside ditches.

Humulus

Humulus (or hop) is a flowering plant. It is mostly found in the northern hemisphere. It's female flowers are often called "cones". Hop is used in breweries for making beer.

Guillaume de Machaut

Guillaume de Machaut (pronounce: "GHEE-yoam de MA-show") (born ; died April 1377), was a Medieval French poet and composer. He was the most important composer of the 14th century. He is one of the earliest composers whose life we know something about.

Machaut worked for John of Luxemburg, king of Bohemia, around 1323. The king travelled around Europe, fighting, and Machaut went with him, working as his secretary. After 1330 he became canon of several cathedrals. After John of Luxemburg died during a battle in 1346, Machaut worked for John's daughter Bonne (who later married King John II of France), then King Charles the Bad of Navarre, Charles of Normandy who became King Charles V in 1364 and the King of Cyprus. He also worked for wealthy dukes. With all that work it is surprising that he had time to compose. He seems to have spent his later years living in Rheins, working on his compositions.

Machaut wrote many motets and the secular songs, as well as many poems including rondeaus, virelais and ballades). Machaut wrote a mass known as "Messe de Nostre Dame". It is the earliest known setting of the complete text for the mass, and it had a lot of influence on later composers.

Many of his poems belong to the type which were known as "dits". A "dit" (meaning: "spoken") was a poem that was not meant to be sung. It was in the first person (the "I" form). Many of them are about a lover trying to get the attentions of a lady he loves.

Machaut's poetry had an influence on many later poets, including Geoffrey Chaucer.


Pérotin

Pérotin (lived around 1200), was a medieval composer. He was probably French. Nothing is known about his life except that he worked in or around Paris in the late 12th century to early 13th century. People have tried to find out who he was by studying the archives of Notre Dame Cathedral, but his name has not been found there. He probably had another name, and used the name Pérotin for his compositions. 

Pérotin worked on a very important collection of polyphonic music called "Magnus Liber" (meaning: Big Book). The composer Léonin had written a lot of this music. He may have been Pérotin's teacher, but we do not know. He seems to have written music for four voices which are settings of words for the Feast of the Circumcision and St Stephen's Day. He wrote three and four voice music of a type called organum. It was a very important development in the history of Western music. He wrote music in a polyphonic style. Often he took a tune and arranged it so that one voice sang it incredibly slowly while another voice sang something much faster on top.

It is difficult to work out any dates for his works because of the way the music was written. Often it is not even clear what mode they are in.

Pérotin's music has been an influence on some 20th century composers who wrote minimalist music such as Steve Reich.


Stratford station

Stratford station is a railway station in Stratford, Newham, East London.

It is on National Rail, London Underground, London Overground and Docklands Light Railway (DLR) lines. It is served by the Underground Central and Jubilee lines, and by London Overground, Abellio Greater Anglia, TfL Rail and c2c. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.

To distinguish the station from Stratford-upon-Avon this station is called Stratford (London) by National Rail, and is sometimes referred to as Stratford Regional to distinguish it from Stratford International station away.

There were three primary goods facilities in the Stratford area in the steam age, although the nearby Stratford Works and engine shed generated their own traffic. A short distance to the north of Stratford station (on the line to Cambridge) there were marshalling yards at Temple Mills. There was a small goods yard north of the station on the east side of the line which occupied a constrained site. The mainstay of traffic was domestic coal although shortly before closure in the 1960s the site was used as a reception point for concrete components for the building of tower blocks in Newham.

There was a small depot at Carpenters Road about a quarter of a mile south of Stratford station. Opened in 1900, the depot consisted of four long sidings and primarily dealt with coal and building materials. It was closed on 7 December 1964.

There was a large depot at Stratford Market railway station. All of these three facilities were operated by the Great Eastern Railway up until 1923 before being taken over by the London & North Eastern Railway until nationalisation in 1948 when they became part of British Railways Eastern Region.

There was also a goods terminal at Bow operated by the Midland Railway which is still open today mostly for building materials. This yard operated as the terminal for building materials for the adjacent Olympics site.

Between Stratford and Maryland stations Windmill Lane cattle pens existed on the down side of the line whilst four private sidings belonging to Young & Martens were located on the up side.

During the 1960s part of the Stratford Works site was converted to the London International Freight Terminal (LIFT) which opened in 1967 and there was a freight liner terminal that operated on the far side of the Stratford railway complex (on the Channelsea Loop line) between 1967 and 1994. The former site is now occupied by the international station and shopping centre.

The nearby Stratford International station opened on 30 November 2009 (for preview services only). Since 13 December 2009 Southeastern began its full domestic high-speed service between London St Pancras, directly to Ebbsfleet International and Ashford in Kent. The Docklands Light Railway 'Stratford International' extension has provided a link between the two stations since 31 August 2011. There is also a walking route between the two stations passing through the newly built Westfield Stratford City Shopping Centre.

Despite Stratford International's name, no international trains call there, and Eurostar (currently the only international operator) has no plans to do so. Passengers instead interconnect on high-speed trains travelling to either London St Pancras or Ebbsfleet in Kent, there are a number of other potential operators that may use the station for international services. These include Deutsche Bahn's proposed London-Frankfurt/Amsterdam service and the proposed "Transmanche Metro" service to Calais via local stations.

In preparation for the Olympics and the Stratford City development, a new north-facing exit and ticket hall has been built. Both existing passenger subways have been extended north to connect with the ticket hall, and the abandoned subway at the eastern end of the station, which formed part of the old station complex, has been reopened and refurbished to allow interchange between platforms 3–12 and the new high-level platforms 1 & 2. A new pedestrian bridge has also been built to connect Stratford shopping centre with the Stratford City development. This also connects the mezzanine-level ticket hall with the northern one. The northern ticket hall and the footbridge opened along with Westfield Stratford City on 13 September 2011.

Stratford bus station is to the south of the station and Stratford City bus station is to the north. Both are served by bus services right across London and to the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park.



Léonin

Léonin (lived in the late 12th century) is the first composer we know about who wrote organum, a kind of church music. We know nothing about his life. He was probably French. He seems to have worked at Notre Dame Cathedral because he wrote a collection of music called "Magnus Liber" (meaning: Big Book), or, at least, he wrote some of it. This book has music for two voices. It was designed for services at Notre Dame. A younger composer called Pérotin did some more work on the collection, changing some of it.


Ipswich railway station

Ipswich railway station is a railway station serving the town of Ipswich in Suffolk, England.

Dmitri Kabalevsky

Dmitri Kabalevsky (born Saint Petersburg, 30 December 1904; died Moscow, 18 February 1987) was a Russian Soviet composer.

Kabalevsky is particularly well known as a composer of children's music. He wrote a lot of piano music. Many of these pieces are short pieces for children who are learning the piano. He also wrote larger works such as concertos for the piano and violin. In 1918, his family moved to Moscow, where he had formal lessons in music at the Scriabin Musical Institute. He was known for attempting to get children involved in music. In 1925 he began his training at the Moscow Conservatory, studying composition with Catoire and later with Miaskovsky, also continuing piano studies with Goldenveyzer.

Symphony No. 5 (Beethoven)

Symphony No. 5 in C minor, Op. 67 is a symphony by Ludwig van Beethoven. It is the fifth of his nine symphonies. It was written between 1804 and 1808. This symphony is one of the most popular and well-known works of classical music.

There are four movements: an opening sonata allegro, a slower andante, and a fast scherzo which leads straight in to the finale. 

The symphony was first performed in Vienna's Theater an der Wien in 1808. His Sixth Symphony was also performed for the first time at the same concert. The Fifth Symphony soon became recognized as one of the most important musical works.

The symphony begins with a four-note "short-short-short-long" motif which is heard twice (slightly lower the second time): 

The opening of the symphony is so famous that it has often been quoted. Other composers have used it in their compositions, e.g. Sergei Rachmaninoff in his song "Fate". It has often been used in popular culture, from disco to rock and roll, and in film and television. During World War II, the BBC used the four-note motif to introduce its radio news broadcasts because "short-short-short-long" spells the letter "V" in Morse code. The "V" meant "Victory". It was played very quietly on a drum. 

The third movement of the symphony uses this rhythm sometimes as an accompaniment. 

When Beethoven wrote this symphony he was in his mid-thirties. He was becoming more and more deaf. He found this terribly hard to bear. He thought that he, of all people, should have perfect hearing. He felt very depressed, but he decided not to commit suicide, but to stay alive and write down all the music he had in his head. He wrote about this in a letter called the Heiligenstadt Testament.

The opening of the Fifth Symphony sounds very bold and heroic. The whole symphony sounds like a struggle which starts from those four notes. People have often said that those four notes represent fate knocking at the door. By the time we get to the last movement (the finale) the music has become major instead of minor. It sounds as if Beethoven has overcome his depression.

The fourth movement of this symphony is one of the first times a trombone or a piccolo is used in a symphony.

Spectrum of a ring

The spectrum of a ring is a thing studied in the branch of mathematics called algebraic geometry. This construction allows us to think of abstract mathematical objects as "functions" acting over some geometric space. In this case, the most natural geometric space is called the spectrum of the ring.

Commutative ring

In algebra, commutative ring is a set of elements in which you can add and multiply and have multiplication distribute over addition. An example of a commutative ring is the set of integers. If we add two integers, we get an integer and if we multiply two integers we get another integer. Moreover, multiplication distributes in the sense that if "a", "b", and "c" are integers, then "c*(a+b)=ca+cb".

Homotopy

Homotopies are studied in a branch of mathematics known as Algebraic Topology. A homotopy is a deformation (change of form) of one thing into another without cutting it. For example, if we imagine a stretchy object, then all the shapes we can stretch or twist it into are "homotopy equivalent". One famous example is the homotopy equivalence of a coffee cup and a donut. To a topologist, these two shapes are the same.

The first example of a homotopy that a topology student is introduced to is a homotopy between functions. A homotopy between two functions <nowiki>"f" and "g" provides a collection of functions that start at "f" and eventually become "g". What this means is that this homotopy takes a parameter and gives a function, and there is a possible parameter that gives "f" and one that gives "g"</nowiki>. Typically, we choose the interval <nowiki>"</nowiki>[0, 1]<nowiki>"</nowiki> because this has a starting and ending point, and numbers are allowed to vary smoothly within <nowiki>"</nowiki>[0, 1]<nowiki>"</nowiki>. To output a function, this means that the homotopy takes a second parameter, which is the argument of the output function. That is, if <nowiki>"</nowiki>f<nowiki>"</nowiki> takes a number in the interval and outputs pairs of real numbers, the homotopy takes a number in the interval as the parameter and another number in the interval for <nowiki>"</nowiki>f<nowiki>"</nowiki>. The homotopy then outputs the interpolated function evaluated at the given pair. That is, if <nowiki>"</nowiki>H<nowiki>"</nowiki> is a homotopy from <nowiki>"</nowiki>f<nowiki>"</nowiki> to <nowiki>"</nowiki>g<nowiki>"</nowiki>, then we know formula_1where formula_2and formula_3. 

Music school

A music school or conservatoire teaches music in all its aspects. It may be called a college of music, or academy of music or conservatory (American English) or a conservatorium (Australian English).

Music schools exist at different levels: The term conservatory is often used for specialized university-grade schools that train people who want a career as a music artist, dance or theatre performer. The students learn how to play musical instruments, singing, composition, musicology, music history and music theory.

Several high schools also offer an education in music. In these high schools, the subjects are integrated into a normal school curriculum.

The third type of music school is independent of the other education a child or adults gets. These schools are often organised as associations, or they are run by a theatre. Pupils can learn music and other performing arts outside a context of regular schooling.

Turandot

Turandot is an opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini, set to a libretto in Italian by Giuseppe Adami and Renato Simoni. When Puccini died he had not finished the opera. It was later finished by Franco Alfano. It was first performed at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan on 25 April 1926, conducted by Arturo Toscanini. This performance included only Puccini's music and not Alfano's additions. The first performance of the opera as completed by Alfano was conducted by Ettore Panizza.

The most famous song from the opera is the aria "Nessun dorma". This aria was sung by the three tenors Luciano Pavarotti, Placido Domingo and José Carreras, and used as the theme tune for the 1990 Soccer World Cup. This made Nessun dorma probably the best known of all opera arias.

Spontaneous human combustion

Spontaneous human combustion (SHC) is the alleged burning of a person without any source of ignition. Although there have been claimed cases of SHC, many such cases either lack proof or actually had a source of ignition that could be found.

Hurt

Hurt can be one of the following:

Marsupial lion

The Marsupial lion, Thylacoleo, is an extinct carnivorous marsupial which lived in Australia from 1,600,000 to 46,000 years ago. It was the largest marsupial carnivore to have lived in Australia. Fossil remains on the dry Nullarbor Plain show that humans and climate change probably caused the extinction of the Australian megafauna about 45,000 years ago.

The animal was robust with powerfully built jaws and very strong forelimbs. It had retractable claws, unique among marsupials. This allowed the claws to remain sharp by protecting them from wear when walking. The claws were well-suited to holding prey and for climbing trees. The first digits ("thumbs") on each hand were semi-opposable and bore an enlarged claw. Palaeontologists believe that this would have been used to grapple with its prey, and gave a sure footing on tree trunks and branches. The hind feet had four functional toes, the first digit being much reduced in size but possessing a roughened pad similar to that of possums. It may have assisted with climbing. It is unclear whether the marsupial lion had syndactyly (fused second and third toes) like other diprotodonts.

It had strong claws and very powerful jaws. Biologists estimate that it had the most powerful bite of any mammal, alive or extinct.
It was able to hunt animals like the giant kangaroo and the giant wombat, but its big jaw would have made it hard for it to hunt and kill small animals. The marsupial lion could weigh up to . It was about long, and stood about tall.

Fossil bones of the marsupial lion have been found in caves on the Nullabor Plain. Scientists have estimated their age at between 400,000 and 800,000 years old. Cave paintings of marsupial lions in northwest Australia, discovered in 2006, depict them with a striped back, tufted tail and pointed ears. In 2009, after a long drought in southeast Victoria had dried out many lakes, a farmer near Ballarat discovered fossil footprints and a jawbone of a marsupial lion preserved in limestone in a dry lake bed.


Rooibos

' (Afrikaans for "red bush"; scientific name Aspalathus linearis""') is a member of the legume family of plants. Rooibos teas are herbal infusions made from a South African red bush. There are also green Rooibos teas.


Jill Biden

Jill Tracy Jacobs Biden (born June 3, 1951) is an American educator serving as the first lady of the United States since 2021 as the wife of President Joe Biden. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017 when her husband was vice president.

Biden has a bachelor's degree in English and a doctoral degree in education from the University of Delaware, as well as master's degrees in education and English from West Chester University and Villanova University. She taught English and reading in high schools for thirteen years and instructed teens with emotional disabilities.

Biden is the founder of the Biden Breast Health Initiative, a non-profit organization. She is also the co-founder of the Book Buddies program and the Biden Foundation and active in Delaware Boots on the Ground. With Michelle Obama, she is the co-founder of Joining Forces. Biden has written a memoir and two books for children and has been socially active in the Beau Biden Foundation.

Jill Tracy Jacobs was born on June 3, 1951, in Hammonton, New Jersey, to Bonny Jean Godfrey Jacobs and Donald Carl Jacobs. The oldest of five daughters, Jacobs grew up in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, just outside of Philadelphia.

Jacobs graduated from Upper Moreland High School in 1969, then graduated from the University of Delaware with a bachelor's degree in English in 1975.

In 1976, Jacobs began teaching English at St. Mark’s High School in Wilmington, Delaware. She then became a reading specialist at Claymont High School. At that time, she was also pursuing a Master of Education with a specialty in reading from West Chester University. Jacobs completed her first master's degree in 1981.

Biden taught English at Rockford Center psychiatric hospital while also earning a Master of Arts in English from Villanova University. In 1993, she started teaching at Delaware Technical Community College. During that same year, Biden's began advocating for cancer and education.

After four of her friends were diagnosed with breast cancer, she launched the Biden Breast Health Initiative to educate high school girls about the importance of early detection of breast cancer and prevention efforts.

In 2007, she received a Doctor of Education from the University of Delaware. In 2009, when her husband became vice president, the Biden family moved to Washington D.C., where Biden began teaching at Northern Virginia Community College.

In 1975, she met then Delaware Senator Joe Biden. They married at the United Nations in New York City on June 17, 1977, and she became the stepmother of his two sons, Beau and Hunter. Their daughter, Ashley Biden was born in June 1981.

In August 2008, Illinois Senator Barack Obama announced that Biden would be his running mate for vice president.

Biden was officially nominated for vice president in August 2008 at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. In November 2008, her husband was elected the 47th vice president of the United States.

Biden became the second lady of the United States when her husband inaugurated as the 47th vice president on January 20, 2009. As second lady, Biden focused on advocating for community colleges, military families, and the education of women and girls around the world.

Biden has been a longtime advocate for military families. In April 2011, she launched Joining Forces with First Lady Michelle Obama, a White House initiative to support service members, veterans, their families, caregivers, and survivors. During her term as second lady, she traveled to nearly forty countries, visiting military bases, hospitals, and refugee camps, and advocating for education for women and girls.

After her husband's term ended as vice president, they both founded and launched the Biden Foundation in February 2017. The foundation focused on preventing violence against women, his moonshot initiative, and her interests in community colleges and military families.

Biden continued to teach full-time at Northern Virginia Community College after her husband left office, with a salary of up to $100,000.

On April 25, 2019, her husband announced his candidacy for president for the 2020 presidential election. During the 2020 election, Biden was heavily involved in her husband's presidential campaign throughout 2019 and 2020. She appeared in multiple states campaigning with her husband and giving speeches to their supporters.

Biden delivered a speech on the second night of the convention from the classroom at Brandywine High School in Wilmington, Delaware, where she had taught English from 1991 through 1993.

Biden's speech was focused on both family and education. She talked about the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and how it had impacted education, families and the economy. Biden also spoke about the personal death that her husband had experienced such as the deaths of his first wife, Neilia Hunter Biden, and first born and infant daughter Naomi Christina Biden, who both died in a car crash in 1972, and the death of his son Beau Biden, who died from brain cancer in May 2015.

On November 7, 2020, her husband was the elected the 46th president of the United States.

Biden became the first lady of the United States when her husband inaugurated as the 46th president on January 20, 2021. At the age of 69, Biden is the oldest woman to serve the role, and is also the first Italian American first lady. Biden is the first woman since Barbara Bush to hold both titles as second and first lady, and is also the first woman since Pat Nixon to serve both titles non-consecutively.

As first lady, Biden has advocated for two White House initiatives, Joining Forces and the Cancer Moonshot and also urging adults and children to protect themselves and their communities by getting vaccinated against COVID-19.

During her first two years of her husband's presidency, Biden traveled to over 40 states and territories, over 100 cities, and ten other countries. Biden also continued teaching English and writing at Northern Virginia Community College, where she has been a professor since 2009. She is the first presidential wife to maintain an independent career and paying job outside of the White House during her husband's presidency.

During visits to Joint Base Lewis–McChord and Naval Air Station Whidbey Island in 2021, Biden visited 16 military installations and worked with Joining Forces to hold over 20 events for military families focusing on employment, entrepreneurship and other issues. 

In the same year, the Office of the First Lady joined the U.S. National Security Council in launching the Joining Forces Interagency Policy Committee to secure proposals across the federal government to support military families. Biden was put in charge of the American Families Plan, a public legislation that would provide free tuition to students attending community colleges.

In October 2021, Biden was placed as the seventh most popular first lady out of twelve recent first ladies from an online survey poll by Zogby Analytics.

In September 2020, Biden wore Stuart Weitzman's black boots with the word "vote" written on them. The boots she wore was sold out immediately and page views for the boots spiked five-fold the next day. At her husband's victory speech in Wilmington, Biden wore an Oscar de la Renta dark-blue floral dress designed by Fernando Garcia and Laura Kim. The dress she wore sold out quickly.


Herbert Erhardt

Herbert "Ertl" Erhard (6 July 1930 – 3 July 2010), also known as Herbert Erhardt, was a German footballer.


Leo Wilden

Leo Wilden (3 July 1936 – 5 May 2022) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

Wilden died on 5 May 2022 in Cologne, Germany at the age of 85.

277||5
277||5

!Total||15||0

Horst Szymaniak

Horst Szymaniak (29 August, 1934 – 9 October, 2009) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

157||11
91||8
0||0
12||1
260||20

!Total||43||2

Willi Koslowski

Willi Koslowski (born 17 February, 1937) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

140||40
140||40

!Total||3||1

Hans Schäfer

Johann "Hans" Schäfer (19 October, 1927 – 7 November 2017) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

404||243
404||243

!Total||39||15

Hans Nowak

Hans Nowak (9 August 1937 – 19 July 2012) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team. He died on 19 July 2012.

196||31
196||31

!Total||15||0

Jürgen Kurbjuhn

Jürgen Kurbjuhn (26 July 1940 – 15 March 2014) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

318||11
318||11

!Total||5||0

Jürgen Werner

Jürgen Werner (15 August 1935 - 28 May 2002) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

63||9
63||9

!Total||4||2

Willi Giesemann

Willi Giesemann (born 2 September, 1937) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

188||23
188||23

!Total||14||0

Hans Sturm

Hans Sturm (3 September 1935 – 24 June 2007) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

423||104
423||104

!Total||3||0

Engelbert Kraus

Engelbert Kraus (30 July 1934 – 14 May 2016) was a German football player. He played for the West Germany national team.

Kraus played in one match at the 1962 FIFA World Cup.

330||116
330||116

!Total||9||3

Günther Herrmann

Günther Herrmann (1 September, 1939 – 22 July, 2023) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

Herrmann died in July 2023, at the age of 83.

249||46
81||7
330||53

!Total||9||1

Heinz Strehl

Heinz Strehl (20 July 1938 - 11 August 1986) was a German football player. He played for the West Germany national team.

261||127
261||127

!Total||4||4

Heinz Vollmar

Heinz Vollmar (26 April 1936 - 12 October 1987) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team and Saarland national team.

23||3
23||3

!Total||4||4

!Total||12||3

Günter Sawitzki

Günter Sawitzki (22 November 1932 – 14 December 2020) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

Sawitzki died on 14 December 2020 at the age of 88.

146||0
146||0

!Total||10||0

Wolfgang Fahrian

Wolfgang Fahrian (31 May 1941 – 13 April 2022) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

Fahrian died on 13 April 2022 from pneumonia in Cologne, Germany at aged 80.

416||2
416||2

!Total||10||0

Sepp Herberger

Josef "Sepp" Herberger (28 March 1897 – 28 April 1977) was a German football player and manager.

VfR Mannheim

West Germany




Han Solo

Han Solo is a fictional character in Star Wars played by Harrison Ford. He appears for the first time in "" as a pirate and smuggler with his Wookiee friend, Chewbacca. He was voted as the second greatest "Star Wars" character, behind Darth Vader.

At first, Solo and his companion Chewbacca are hired by Jedi Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi to get Skywalker and Kenobi aboard the Death Star to save Princess Leia. While Solo seems to be interested only in being paid at first, he comes back to save Luke. Solo later falls in love with Leia.

In "", it is revealed that Solo and Leia have a son called Ben Solo (known as Kylo Ren) who falls to the First Order. Solo is killed by Ren towards the end of the movie after being stabbed by a lightsaber through the chest and falling to a deep shift.

A was released in 2018.


Hibari Misora

Hibari Misora was born Kazue Katō in Isogo-ku, Yokohama, Japan. Her father was Masukichi Katō, a fishmonger, and her mother Kimie Katō, a housewife. Misora showed musical talent from an early age after singing for her father at a World War II send-off party in 1943. When he saw this, he used much of his family's savings to allow his daughter to start a musical career. In 1945 she gave her first performance in a concert hall in Yokohama, at the age of eight. She used the name Kazue Misora, which was her mother's idea. A year later she appeared on a NHK broadcast, and impressed the Japanese composer Masao Koga with her singing skill. He thought she was a prodigy with the courage, understanding, and emotional maturity of an adult. In the next two years, she became an accomplished singer and was touring notable concert halls to sold-out crowds. Her recording career began in 1949 at the age of twelve, when she changed her stage-name to Hibari Misora and starred in the film "Nodojiman-kyô jidai". The film brought her nationwide recognition. She recorded her first single "Kappa Boogie-Woogie" for Columbia Records later that year. It became a commercial hit, selling more than 450,000 copies. After that, she recorded "Kanashiki kuchibue", which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit. As an actress, she starred in about 160 movies from 1949 to 1971, and won many awards. Her performance in "Tokyo Kiddo" (1950), in which she played a street orphan, made her symbolic of both the hardship and the national optimism of post-World War II Japan. Her third single was from the film and was another hit, "Watashi wa machi no ko".

As a singer, she became known for her performance of enka, a sentimental form of Japanese popular music which emerged during the early part of the 20th century, and was renowned for her live performances, and singing which encapsulated the emotional pain of those who had suffered. Although she did not understand English, she made excellent recordings US jazz standards.

Throughout her career she recorded over 1,401 songs, with her best selling song "Yawara" selling 1.8 million times.

In 1973 Tetsuya Katō, Misora's brother, was prosecuted for gang-related activity. Although NHK did not acknowledge any connection, Misora was excluded from "Kouhaku uta gassen" for the first time in eighteen years. Offended, she refused to appear on NHK for years afterwards.

Health problems also plagued her in her later years. In April of 1987, on the way to a performance in Fukuoka, Misora suddenly collapsed. Rushed to hospital, she was diagnosed with avascular necrosis brought on by chronic hepatitis. She was confined to a hospital in Fukuoka, and eventually showed signs of recovery in August. She recorded a new song in October, and in April of 1988 performed at a concert at the Tokyo Dome. Despite overwhelming pain in her legs, she performed a total of 39 songs.

Her triumph was to be short lived. She had drunk a lot of alcohol for decades. This had weakened her liver, and her condition grew worse. On 24 June 1989, after being confined to a hospital in Tokyo, she died from pneumonia at the age of 52. Her death was widely mourned throughout Japan.

Beginning in 1990, television and radio stations play her song "Kawa no nagare no yōni" on her birthday each year to show respect. In a national poll by NHK in 1997, the song was voted the greatest Japanese song of all time by more than 10 million people.

In 1994, the "Hibari Misora Museum" opened in Arashiyama, Kyoto. It traced the history of Misora's life and career in multi-media exhibits, and displayed various memorabilia. It attracted more than 5 million visitors, until it officially closed on November 30, 2006, to allow reconstruction of the building. The main exhibits were moved into the Shōwa period section of the Edo-Tokyo Museum, until reconstruction was complete. The new "Hibari Misora Theater" opened on April 26, 2008, and includes a CD for sale of a previously unreleased song.

People are unsure where Hibari Misora's parents were originally from. Some people think that she was of Korean origins, and that both her parents and herself had Korean passports. Others disagree. After studying her ancestry, they think that her parents were not Korean, but rather Japanese.


Northumberland Park railway station

Northumberland Park railway station is in Northumberland Park, London, United Kingdom. The stations and all trains servicing it are operated by Abellio Greater Anglia.

Angel Road railway station

Angel Road railway station was a station in the London Borough of Enfield at Edmonton in north east London. It was in Travelcard Zone 4, on the Tottenham Hale branch of the Lea Valley Lines. The station and all trains serving it were operated by Abellio Greater Anglia. It was partially located beneath the A406 road (which is named "Angel Road" at that point). Due to reconstruction of the A406 in the mid-1990s (involving grade-separation), the only access to the station was via a footpath running south from "Conduit Lane" to the north, instead of on "Angel Road". The station was unstaffed.

Angel Road closed on 31 May 2019. It was replaced by Meridian Water station, 580m south of Angel Road. It opened on 3 June 2019.



Taz-Mania

Taz-Mania is a 1991-93 cartoon show produced by Warner Bros. Animation, broadcast in the United States on FOX and later on Kids' WB



Saint-Malo

Saint-Malo is a port city in Brittany, France. Its population is about 52,000. However, it can be nearly 200,000 in the summer with tourists.


Snorks

Snorks is an American-Belgian animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions, and created by Belgian comics Freddy Monnickendam.

The Snorks are a race of small, colorful, fictional beings that live happily in the underwater world of Snorkland. They have snorkels on their heads, which are used to propel them swiftly through the water. As evidenced by the cartoon series, when a Snork becomes excited their tube makes a ""snork"" sound. Like the Flintstones or the Smurfs, they have much of the same technology as contemporary humans, adapted to their own aquatic environment. The Snorks use clams as currency, a reference to the slang word ""clam"", meaning ""dollar.""

According to the Snork back-story, a few ventured to the surface (which the Snorks believe is "outer space") in 1643, and watched a Royal Navy ship being attacked by pirates. The captain wound up in the water, and that was the first contact between the species when the Snorks saved his life, to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the Snorks, although very few humans believe in the existence of the Snorks. Since then, Snorks have adopted several human habits, such as wearing clothes.









Target

