Buffon understood the idea of common descent, and discussed it a number of times. This does not mean he believed in it. Probably he did not, but he discussed it fairly openly on a number of occasions. Interpreting his ideas is not simple, for he returned to topics many times in the course of his work.

In volume 14 he argued that all the world's quadrupeds had developed from an original set of just thirty-eight quadrupeds. On this basis, he is sometimes considered a "transformist" and a precursor of Darwin.

In "Les époques de la nature" (1778) Buffon discussed the origins of the solar system, speculating that the planets had been created by a comet's collision with the sun. 

He also suggested that the earth originated much earlier than the 4004 BC of Archbishop James Ussher. Basing his figures on the cooling rate of iron tested at his Laboratory le Petit Fontenet at Montbard, he calculated that the age of the earth was 75,000 years. Once again, his ideas were condemned by the Sorbonne, and again he issued a retraction to avoid further problems.

Charles Darwin wrote in his preliminary historical sketch added to the third edition of "On the Origin of Species": "Passing over... Buffon, with whose writings I am not familiar." Then, from the fourth edition onwards, he amended this to say that "the first author who in modern times has treated it [evolution] in a scientific spirit was Buffon. But as his opinions fluctuated greatly at different periods, and as he does not enter on the causes or means of the transformation of species, I need not here enter on details." 

The paradox of Buffon is that, according to Ernst Mayr:
He was not an evolutionist, yet he was the father of evolutionism. He was the first person to discuss a large number of evolutionary problems, problems that before Buffon had not been raised by anybody... he brought them to the attention of the scientific world.
Except for Aristotle and Darwin, no other student of organisms [whole animals and plants] has had as far-reaching an influence.

He brought the idea of evolution into the realm of science.
He developed a concept of the "unity of type," a precursor of comparative anatomy.
More than anyone else, he was responsible for the acceptance of a long-time scale for the history of the earth.
He was the founder of biogeography.
And yet, he hindered evolution by his frequent endorsement of the immutability of species. He provided a criterion of species, fertility among members of a species, that was thought impregnable.

Malky Mackay

Malcolm George "Malky" Mackay (born 19 February 1972, in Bellshill) is a Scottish football manager and former player. He is the manager of Cardiff City. Mackay began his playing career in Scottish football, with Queen's Park and Celtic. He joined English side Norwich City in 1998. He also played in the Premier League with Norwich, West Ham and finally Watford. He retired as a player in 2008.

The Postal Service

The Postal Service is an American indie pop band. Their songs include "This Place Is A Prison" from their album "Give Up".



Toryglen

Toryglen is a small district in Glasgow, Scotland. There are about 7,000 people who live in the district.

Jim Kerr of Simple Minds grew up this area.

Nitride

In chemistry, a nitride is a compound of nitrogen with a less electronegative element, attached together in a specific way. Nitrides are a large class of compounds with a wide range of properties and applications.

Most of the names for nitrides follow a simple pattern: the name of the element attached to the nitrogen, then "nitride". So, GaN would be gallium nitride.

There are some exceptions, however, for the compounds that has had a usual name before. For example, NH is not called "hydrogen nitride", even if it is the most simple of this class of molecules, but it is still commonly called ammonia.

Rail gauge

Rail gauge is the distance from the inside of one rail on a railroad track to the inside of the other. 
Most tracks use a standard gauge of 1,435 mm (4 ft, 8 1/2 in). Wider gauges are called broad gauge (1676mm), smaller gauges are called narrow gauge(762mm or 610mm). 
Broad gauge may be used where the track needs to have big things moving on it. Narrow gauge, such as metre gauge (1000mm), is used to build railroads for less money, because the smaller track costs less. Places where different gauges meet are called break of gauge.

Skittles

Skittles are a type of sugar candy printed with the letter "S". They were created in 1974 by the Wrigley Company in England. 

Skittles came to America in 1979. The Skittles' slogan "taste the rainbow" came from New York by a company called D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles.

Skittles is a type of chewy fruit-flavored candy. They have a hard outside with a chewy inside and an "s" on one side. Skittles come in many flavors. The original flavors were lime, lemon, grape, orange, and cherry.



Moon River

Moon River is a popular song. Audrey Hepburn sang it in the movie "Breakfast at Tiffany's". Henry Mancini wrote the song's music. Johnny Mercer wrote the words. Many other people have sung this song. It was one of Andy Williams' most famous songs.

Isleworth Ait

Isleworth Ait means "small island". It is in the TW7 area of London between Kew Gardens and Syon Park. It is a 10 acre island densely packed fauna and flora. It has many rare beetles.

Hurricane Anita

Hurricane Anita was the only major hurricane of the inactive 1977 Atlantic hurricane season. It struck Mexico as a category 5. Though it struck as a category 5 no one knows the damage. Anita killed 11 people in Mexico.

A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 16. After it moved westward for about a week, it started growing some clouds. It changed the way it was moving to the northwest on August 27 while it was over Cuba, but all clouds were over the Bahamas and Florida. The tropical wave soon crossed Florida and entered the Gulf of Mexico. While it entered the Gulf of Mexico, an anticyclone made conditions good for a tropical cyclone to form. The tropical wave also moved slow when it entered the Gulf of Mexico, making it easier for it to develop. By August 29, the tropical wave was good enough to be upgraded to Tropical Depression One.

Tropical Depression One went back on a westward path than a ridge forced it. Conditions remained good and the tropical depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Anita later on August 29. Water temperatures were warm, this allow Tropical Storm Anita to become Hurricane Anita during August 30. Hurricane Anita looked like it would strike Texas at first, but other weather systems did not allow it to do so. Anita began to quickly strengthen, it had become a category 3 hurricane on September 1. By the next day, Hurricane Anita had reached its highest winds as a category 5 hurricane, while not far from the coast of Mexico.

Hurricane Anita stayed as a category 5 hurricane as it made landfall in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas on September 2. Anita weakened fast over land, weakening to a tropical storm over central Mexico later that day. It also weakened to a tropical depression before it reached the Pacific coast of Mexico.

The name Anita was retired. It was not replaced with anything specific because the tropical cyclone names change in 1979.

Oldsmobile Cutlass

The Oldsmobile Cutlass was a model of Oldsmobile. They are no longer made.

Nissan Skyline

The Nissan Skyline (スカイライン in Japanese) is a line of compact cars and compact executive cars first made by the Prince Motor Company in 1955, and then by Nissan Motor Company after the two companies merged in 1966. After the merger, the Skyline and its larger counterpart, the Nissan Gloria, were sold in Japan at dealership sales channels called Nissan Prince Shop.

It is currently available in either coupé, or sedan body styles. They are most commonly known by their round brake lights. The station wagon bodystyle was ended in 1989 with the introduction of the R32 platform.

Models R30 to R34 of the Skyline are still popular cars for modifying by Japanese car enthusiasts from the 1980s to today. There are available features such as straight-6 engines, turbochargers, and the high-performance GT-R trim. While not distributed in the United States, the Skyline's prominence in video games, movies and magazines resulted in many such cars being imported there from 1999 to late 2005. Motorex petitioned the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to allow 1990–1999 GT-Rs and GTSs to be imported, at the condition that they were changed to meet United States Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards.

The 11th-generation Skyline (V35) was another major turning point for the nameplate. It dropped some of the Skyline's trademark characteristics such as the straight-6 engine and turbocharging, eventually separated the GT-R into its own line, and moved to V6-engined era, this decision which extended to all later Skylines. Nissan decided to keep the Skyline for the luxury-sport market. Its platform-mate, the 350Z, revived the Z line of pure sports cars. The V35 was the first Skyline made for export to North America, being sold under Nissan's luxury marque Infiniti as the G35. The Skyline (V36/J50) is sold in Europe, North America, South Korea, Taiwan, and the Middle East as the Infiniti G37.

April 11, 2010 saw a world record for the biggest ever Nissan Skyline meet and the most ever officially recognized on a track in the Guinness Book of World Records. This took place at Silverstone, United Kingdom at the ISTS event.

1976 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1976 Atlantic hurricane season started on June 1, 1976, and ended November 30, 1976. Subtropical Storm One formed before June 1, though. The only storm to remember is Hurricane Belle which caused $100 million of damage in the United States.

None of the names from the 1976 season were retired.

Vasa (ship)

Vasa was a big Swedish warship. The ship was built from 1626 to 1628. The same year "Vasa" was ready outside Stockholm, but sank by accident on her maiden voyage (first trip). The ship lasted about 20 minutes until it sunk. "Vasa" sank because she was too heavy on top. Those who built her knew that she had problems, but they didn't dare say that to the Swedish king Gustavus Adolphus. He was not in Sweden when "Vasa" was built and he wanted her to go fight in the Thirty Years' War as soon as possible. There was a hearing about why "Vasa" sank, but no one was found guilty or judged for her sinking.

Swedish divers in diving bells brought up some of "Vasa"'s cannons from the sunken ship in the 1660s. Anders Franzén found "Vasa" in 1956 after he had read about the ship in sources and looked for her in the water around Stockholm. The ship was brought up in 1961 and was then treated with special chemicals so that it would last for a long time. The preservation treatment took almost 20 years to complete. "Vasa" is now in the Vasa Museum in Stockholm, Sweden. It is a very popular place for tourists to visit. It gets more than one million visitors every year.

When "Vasa" was brought up there were thousands of things inside her. There were bones of people, clothes, weapons, tools, coins, food and even some of the sails. The things and "Vasa" have been very good for historians, because they helps them understand how it was in Sweden in the 1600s. "Vasa" was a very expensive ship and was one of the largest in the world. She had hundreds of sculptures, and they were painted in many colors. She was a symbol of how powerful Sweden wanted to look and how good the Swedish king was.

Tropical Storm Bilis

Tropical Storm Bilis was a tropical storm that killed 500 plus people in Fujian, Guangdong and Hunan provinces in China. This happened on July 14, 2006.

Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants

Liebeck v. McDonald's Restaurants is also known as the "McDonald's coffee case". It was a lawsuit between Stella Liebeck and McDonald's. Stella Liebeck was badly injured by hot coffee. She had bought the coffee from a McDonald's restaurant. A jury awarded her $2.86 million, but in the end she only got $640,000.

The accident with the hot coffee happened on February 27, 1992. Stella Liebeck was 79 years old. She bought a cup of coffee from the drive-through window of a McDonald's restaurant. When she opened the cup to add cream and sugar, she spilled the coffee on her lap. She was taken to the hospital and they found that she had bad burns. She had to stay in the hospital for eight days. She got skin grafting: they moved healthy skin to replace the burned skin. She lost a lot of weight. Her daughter had to care for her for 3 weeks when she came out of the hospital. The accident changed her body forever. She was disabled for 2 years.

Stella Liebeck wanted $20,000 from McDonald's. She needed to pay the hospital and her daughter. McDonald's offered only $800. Then Liebeck hired an attorney, Reed Morgan. Morgan said that the coffee was dangerous and asked for $90,000, but McDonald's refused. That is why they needed a trial.

The attorney, Reed Morgan, showed examples of what McDonald's did wrong:


Then on August 18, 1994 the jury decided. They said that McDonald's was 80% wrong and Stella Liebeck was 20% wrong. The warning on the coffee cup was too small. Stella Liebeck got $160,000 to pay the hospital and her daughter. She also got $2,7 million so that McDonald's would not do it again. But the judge made it $640,000.


Tamarind

Tamarind ("Tamarindus indica") is a kind of tree in the Fabaceae family. It is found in Africa primarily the Sudan. It is thought to have been initially discovered in the lesser-known, edrudgo tribal territory, located within the Lakes State

Sampaloc is a term commonly used for the spice made from the fruit in the Philippines. It taste is very sour. It is used as condiments to recipes if they want to add sourness.

Federico Balzaretti

Federico Balzaretti (born 6 December 1981) is an Italian football player. He plays for Città di Palermo.

266||4||24||0||7||0||297||4
266||4||24||0||7||0||297||4

Marek Mintál

Marek Mintál (born 2 September 1977) is a Slovak football player. He played for Nürnberg, MŠK Žilina and Slovakia national team.

186||76
180||66
366||142

!Total||45||14

Takuro Yajima

Takuro Yajima (born 28 March 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kawasaki Frontale.

84||17||11||6||17||2||1||0||113||25
84||17||11||6||17||2||1||0||113||25


White Cliffs of Dover

The White Cliffs of Dover are cliffs in Dover, England. The cliffs are a part of the North Downs cliff formation. The cliffs are white because they are mostly chalk with bits of flint mixed in. These cliffs are a major tourist destination for thousands of people every year. The cliffs are also the biggest cliffs in Great Britain.


Yuki onna

Yuki Onna means 'Snow woman' in Japanese. It is a kind of frost spirit, or yōkai, in Japanese mythology that usually appears as a beautiful woman in a white robe with long black hair. In some stories, the Yuki Onna is good and helps people in the mountains. In other stories, she is evil and freezes people.

Yuki onna may also be known as "yuki-musume" ("snow daughter"), "yuki-onago" ("snow girl"), "yukijorō" (雪女郎, "snow woman"), "yuki anesa" ("snow sis'"), "yuki-onba" ("snow granny" or "snow nanny"), "yukinba" ("snow hag") in Ehime, "yukifuri-baba" ("snowfall hag") in Nagano. Yuki-onna also has many names that come from the Japanese word for icicle, like "tsurara-onna", "kanekori-musume" and "shigama-nyōbō".

One-inch boy

The one-inch boy, or Issun-bōshi, is a character in a Japanese fairy tale.

The story begins with an old, childless couple who live alone. The elderly woman wishes for a child, even though she's old. Eventually, a son was born to them, but their son was only an inch (2.5 centimetres) tall. They named the miniature child Issun-bōshi. The old couple takes good care of him even though he is small. One day, Issun finds out he will never grow, so he goes on a trip to seek his place in the world. He thinks he might become a good warrior, so Issun-bōshi is given a sewing needle for a sword, a soup bowl for a boat, and chopsticks for oars.

He sails down river to the city, where he asks for a job with the government and goes to the home of a rich "daimyo" (lord), whose daughter is an attractive princess. They say no because he is so tiny, but give him a job entertaining the princess. While they travel together, they are attacked by a big monster that swallows Issun-boshi. The boy defeats the monster by pricking him from within with his needle/sword. The monster spits out Issun-boshi and drops a magical Uchide's Mallet as he runs away. As a reward for his bravery, the princess uses the power of the mallet to make him grow. Issun-bōshi and the princess stay friends and get married later.

Pollen tube

The pollen tube is the tube through which sperm from the pollen reaches the egg cell, and fertilises the plant to form seeds.

The pollen tube of most seed plants acts as a passageway. It transports sperm cells from the pollen grain, from the stigma (in flowering plants) to the ovules at the base of the pistil. Like ferns, other basal land plants, and many algae, some gymnosperms have flagellate sperm, which swim through a watery fluid to fertilize the egg cells.
In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma, style, ovary and ovules to reach the eggs. In maize, this single cell can grow longer than 12 inches to traverse the length of the pistil. The sperm cells by themselves are not motile and are carried within the tube. As the tip of the tube reaches an egg it bursts and releases two sperm cells leading to a "double fertilization". One sperm unites with the egg cell to produce the embryo of a new plant, while a second sperm unites with the central cell (polar nuclei) to produce the endosperm of the seed. The endosperm is rich in starch, proteins and oils and is a major source of human food (e.g., wheat, barley, rye, oats, corn)

Kuchisake onna

The Kuchisake Onna, or slit mouthed woman, is a popular figure in Japanese folklore. She even shows up in many modern day urban legends. She often appears wearing a surgical mask to cover her mouth, which has been ripped open from ear to ear. She will ask unknowing passers-by whether or not they think she is beautiful. Often they will say yes, and she will remove the mask, showing them her torn face and ask again. If the person says no, then she will rip their face so it resembles hers.

There are different rumors about how to avoid her killing you. One is to say she is average, and another is to ask her if you are beautiful, in hopes of confusing her so one could escape while she has to think about what to do next. 

The stories of Kuchisake Onna came from the Heian period Japan, where there lived a very beautiful but very vain woman. Her husband thought she was being unfaithful to him, and cut her face out of jealousy and anger.

This happened so because she used to be so beautiful that everyone in the late 90s used to dream her. One day her samurai husband went on a war and she started an affair with a young handsome young man. When he returned he found his wife having an affair with another person. So, he took his sharped sword and divided her face in to two halves through lips. This made her too ugly due to which no one ever looked her again. The pain was that insane which made her commit suicide. From then on she started a journey make her like that.

A few elementary school kids figured out how to confuse or trick Kuchisake-onna, by responding saying her looks are "average", or distracting her with money, or Japanese hard candy.

Murderdolls

The Murderdolls is an American horror punk band founded during 2002 in Hollywood, California.

Filey

Filey is a small town and civil parish in North Yorkshire, England.

Faizabad

Ayodhya (Hindustani: [əˈjoːdʱːjaː] (audio speaker iconlisten); IAST: Ayodhyā) is a city situated on the banks of holy river Saryu in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of the Ayodhya district as well as the Ayodhya division of Uttar Pradesh, India.[5][6] It shares a municipal corporation with its neighbouring twin city of Faizabad. The Ramayana tells that Raam, a god of Hindus, was born in Ayodhya. Ayodhya is on the bank of the Sarayu River. The population of Ayodhya city is 144,924 as per 2001 census. Ayodhya is especially known for being Place of Birth Shri Ram its call Sri Ram Janam Bhumi from Ayodhya. Ayodhya cant Station is around 7 km from Ayodhya. Shri Ram Janam Bhumi is on the road to Ayodhya. Hence every person from south region going to Ayodhya must go through by plane or bus and metro.

According to 2011 Census of India, the total population of Ayodhya is 167,544; out of which males are 87,279 and females are 80,265 respectively.


Alex Wright

Alex Wright (born May 17, 1975) is a German former professional wrestler. He is probably best known for wrestling for the now defunct WCW where he was a one time WCW Cruiserweight Champion, one time WCW World Tag Team Champion with Disco Inferno, and one time WCW World Television Champion.

Ricky Steamboat

Richard Henry Blood Sr. (born February 28, 1953), better known by his ring name Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat, is an American professional wrestler. He was one of the most well-known professional wrestlers of the late 1980s and early 1990s, notably competing in the American Wrestling Association (AWA), Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). Steamboat became a member of the WWE Hall of Fame in 2009.


NHL 2K10

NHL 2K10 is an ice hockey simulation developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports, part of the "NHL 2K" series.

Alexander Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals is on the cover of the North American Release.


George Acosta

George Acosta (born 1972) is an American DJ. "A State of Mind" is one of his albums. He was nominated for America's Best DJ in 2013.

Delfín Quishpe

Delfín Quishpe (born December 4, 1977 in Guamote, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorean singer. Delfín Quishpe sings a kind of music called "Andean techno-folklore". His music can be found easily on YouTube.

Delfín was born in a small town named San Antonio in Guamote in Ecuador. During his early years in school, he began performing in front of his classmates and teachers.

Later on, he started working his voice and exploiting his artistic skills. Delfín entered different bands and attended dancing classes. He participated in many singing contests, showing himself and his judges that singing was his greatest passion. Delfin’s boom came in 1997.

In 1999, he began singing. Two years later, he created his first album named "El Faraón del Ritmo". It became very famous, and many radio stations broadcasted Delfín’s songs.
In 2003, he recorded his second album "El Gallito". It contained songs such as: "El Gallito Bandido", "El Delfincito", "Cuando me vaya", and "Cuaya huay". A year later he created his first video, the same that was posted on the Internet, giving Delfín global fame. 

In 2006, Quishpe released the song "Torres Gemelas". The song deals with the tragedy of the terrorist attack of 9/11 by relating the loss of a loved one in what many saw as a whimsical and kitschy nature, making the video an internet meme.

On February 15, 2007, Delfín performed for the first time in Guayaquil. During the concert, as usual, he was wearing white clothing with his name printed on it. The most awaited song was his controversial "Torres Gemelas", whose video has gained popularity via the Internet.
Quishpe sang other songs such as "Rosas Rojas" and "La Media Naranaja".


Rook (bird)

The rook ("Corvus frugilegus") is a member of the Crow family. The crows are a family in the Passerine order. 

The rook is similar in size to the crow. It has black feathers, which show a blue or bluish-purple sheen (glint) in bright sunlight. The feathers on the head, neck and shoulders are dense and silky. The legs and feet are generally black, and the bill (beak) is grey-black. 

Rooks differs from the crow by the bare grey-white skin around the base of the adult's bill, in front of the eyes. The feathering around the legs look shaggier and laxer than the Carrion Crow. The young bird looks just like a crow because it lacks the bare patch at the base of the bill.

Its food is mostly earthworms and insect larvae, which the bird finds by probing the ground with its strong bill. It also eats cultivated cereal grain, smaller amounts of fruit, small mammals, acorns, small birds, their eggs and young and carrion. 

"Rooks always nest together", usually in the very tops of the trees. Branches and twigs are broken off trees for the nests. There may be any number of nests together in a group of trees: twenty or thirty are often seen in the "rookery". This is why rooks are sometimes described as colonial birds.

Blackpool Transport

Blackpool Transport Services (BTS) is a bus and tram operator running within the boroughs of Blackpool and Fylde and into the surrounding area. This includes Fleetwood, Lytham St Annes, Poulton le Fylde and Kirkham. BTS is wholly owned by Blackpool Borough Council. It makes it one of the few remaining municipal bus companies in the United Kingdom today.

Starr Gate

Starr Gate is at the south-western end of Blackpool on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire, England. The southern terminal loop of the Blackpool Tramway is present at Starr Gate. The district of South Shore is near Squires Gate and close to Blackpool International Airport.

Ernst Werner von Siemens

Ernst Werner von Siemens (known as Werner von Siemens) (13 December 1816 – 6 December 1892) was a German inventor and scientist. He started the electric goods company, Siemens His name is used as the SI unit of electrical conductivity. This is the siemens.

Lee Chun-soo

Lee Chun-Soo (born 9 July 1981) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

94||36||3||0||18||5||6||3||121||44
28||0||3||0||colspan="2"|-||6||0||37||0
12||0||2||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||14||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
134||36||8||0||18||5||12||3||172||44

!Total||76||10

Silvio Piola

Silvio Piola (29 September 1913 – 4 October 1996) was a former Italian football player. He was born in Robbio (Lombardy). Piola won the 1938 FIFA World Cup with Italy, scoring two goals in the final. He is the current Serie A top scorer of all time.

589||318
589||318

!Total||34||30

Roberto Soldado

Roberto Soldado (born 27 May 1985) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Valencia.

!Total||2||0

South Shore, Blackpool

South Shore is the southern coastal area of Blackpool on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire, England. It has many people and a number of tourist spots.

Montevideo Wanderers F.C.

Montevideo Wanderers F.C. is a football club that plays in Montevideo, Uruguay.

The club had a historic campaign in 2016 when they qualified for the round of 16 of the Copa Sudamericana. They were eliminated by Atlético Junior of Colombia 4-3 on penalties. They had beat O'Higgins F.C. of Chile and Zamora F.C. of Venezuela.

South Pier, Blackpool

South Pier (first known as Victoria Pier) is one of three piers in Blackpool, England. It is located on South Promenade in the South Shore area of the town. The pier has many amusement and adrenalin rides. It opens each year from March to November and is owned by Six Piers Limited.

Rafael Sóbis

Rafael Sóbis (born 17 June 1985) is a Brazilian former football player.

Internacional

Fluminense

Cruzeiro

UANL

Brazil

Individual

Takahiro Masukawa

Takahiro Masukawa (born 8 November 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight.

168||8||13||2||23||2||8||0||212||12
168||8||13||2||23||2||8||0||212||12


Sergio Agüero

Sergio Leonel Agüero del Castillo (born 2 June 1988), also known as Kun Agüero, is an Argentine retired football player. He played as a former striker for the Argentina national team. Agüero joined La Liga club Barcelona starting 1 July 2021 until November 2021. He had no choice but to retire due to heart problems.

Aguero joined C.A. Independiente's youth system at age nine, and became the youngest player to make the first-team debut at age 15 on 5 July 2003.

Aguero joined Spanish club Atlético Madrid in May 2006, for a fee of around €20 million.

On 28 July 2011, Aguero signed a five-year contract with Manchester City for a reported fee of £38 million. At the time, he became the most expensive signing in City's history. The previous record was for Robinho's transfer fee of £32.5 million in 2008. He was given the number 16 shirt, and wears Kun Aguero on his back.

He made his debut for the team on 15 August 2011, scoring the last goal in a 4-0 victory against Swansea City A.F.C. He scored his first Premier League hat-trick on 10 September 2011 against Wigan Athletic F.C. In the final game of the season against Queens Park Rangers, Aguero scored a goal in the 20th second of the 93 minute. He scored City's third goal in a 3-2 victory, helping the team win their first Premier League title since 1968.

Aguero has played for Argentina's U17 team, U-20 team, Olympic team, and Senior team.

Aguero made his debut for the Senior team on 3 September 2006 at age 18.

He scored his first international hat trick on 7 June 2015 in a 2015 Copa América warm-up game against Bolivia. Argentina won 5-0.

On 16 June 2018, at the 2018 FIFA World Cup, Aguero scored his first ever World Cup goal against Iceland in a 1-1 draw.

Aguero was married to Diego Maradona's daughter, Giannina Maradona. They married in 2008, and had one son named Benjamin that was born in Madrid, Spain in February 2009. Aguero and Giannina separated in 2012. Diego Maradona later called Aguero a "wimp" on an Argentine radio station after their separation.

Aguero has two half-brothers that are also footballers, Gaston del Castillo and Mauricio del Castillo.

Atlético Madrid

Manchester City

Argentina U20

Argentina U23

Argentina

Individual

Layton, Lancashire

Layton is a district of the town of Blackpool on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire, England. 

Pleasure Beach Blackpool

Pleasure Beach Blackpool is an amusement park present along the Fylde coast in Blackpool, England. It is the most visited theme park in the United Kingdom. It has more than six million visitors a year. The park is a privately funded business and is owned, managed and directed by the Thompson family. It was earlier known as Blackpool Pleasure Beach. It has many rides including bling, avalanche and many more.It holds the tallest and fastest ride called pepsi max.

Hideaki Ozawa

42||0||4||0||17||0||63||0
4||0||||||||||4||0
46||0||4||0||17||0||67||0

Masaru Kurotsu

Masaru Kurotsu (born 20 August 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kawasaki Frontale.

137||22||15||3||23||10||7||1||182||36
137||22||15||3||23||10||7||1||182||36


Hirokazu Ninomiya

Ninomiya was born in Hyogo Prefecture on November 22, 1917. He played for Keio BRB which was consisted of his alma mater Keio University players and graduates. He won Emperor's Cup 7 times (1936, 1937, 1939, 1940, 1951, 1952 and 1954).

On June 16, 1940, when Ninomiya was a Keio University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Philippines and Japan won the match. This match was the first match since 1936 Summer Olympics and the only match in the 1940s in Japan's "International A Match" due to World War II.

After World War II, Japan national team was resumed activities in 1951. Ninomiya named playing manager for Japan national team for 1951 Asian Games. Japan won the 3rd place at Asian Games. He resigned manager after 1951 Asian Games. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. He played 6 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1954.

On March 7, 2000, Ninomiya died of pneumonia in Minato, Tokyo at the age of 82. In 2006, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||6||1


Esplanade

An esplanade is a long, open, level area. It is usually next to a river or large body of water for people to walk on. This allows people to promenade along the sea, usually for recreational purposes. They can ignore the state of the tide and do not have to walk on the beach. Esplanades became popular in Victorian times when it was fashionable to visit seaside resorts.

Tatsunori Hisanaga

Tatsunori Hisanaga (born 23 December 1977) is a Japanese football player.

325||21||19||1||33||1||380||23
325||21||19||1||33||1||380||23

River Plate F.C.

River Plate F.C. was a football club in Uruguay.

Process

A process is a series of stages in time where the last stage is the product, result or goal. 

Processes may be "planned" or "unplanned".

A process planned by humans has a purpose. It is a course of action, or a procedure, to achieve a result, or an end-product. The sequence from start to finish is the plan. A plan may be written, or programmed, or just held in the mind. Examples include building a house, fighting a battle. sowing crops; organising a wedding.

Natural processes are not planned by humans. They are investigated and described. Examples: volcanic eruption, the evolution of the solar system; biological evolution; the melting of ice and other phase changes; the process of development from egg to adult.

Processes often repeat whenever certain conditions hold. Example: car low on petrol/gas, visit garage and refill. Most computer programs are of this type. Processes may be circular: planets revolve around sun; eggs produce chickens, and chickens produce eggs. Rain water flows into rivers, evaporates, and returns as rain.

Processes, especially those which are cyclical, may be subject to feedback. A simple case is a central heating system.

Günzburg (district)

Günzburg is a rural district in Swabia in southwestern Bavaria, Germany. It is next to Dillingen (district), Augsburg (district), Unterallgäu, Neu-Ulm (district), and in Baden-Württemberg: Alb-Donau and Heidenheim (district);

The place is formed by rivers that flow from the south to the Danube, which runs in the north of the district: Biber (Danube), Günz, Kammel, Mindel and Zusam. The Nau flows from the north to the Danube. The hills between the rivers are covered with wood in parts. The eastern third of the district is part of the Augsburg Western Forests Nature Park.

Martin Keown

Martin Raymond Keown (born 24 July 1966) is a retired English football player. He played as a defender from 1984 to 2005. He is most known for playing in the Premier League for Arsenal. He made more than 400 appearances for the club and won 10 honours. 

Arsenal

Keown lives in and around Oxford with his wife Nicole. Keown's son, Niall is also a footballer.

Krumbach, Bavaria

Krumbach, Bavaria or Krumbach (Swabia), (Swabian: "Krombach") is a town with about 12.500 persons in Günzburg (district) in the Bavarian government region Swabia (Government Region), Germany. In Günzburg (district) only Günzburg with about 19.689 persons has more persons than Krumbach.

Krumbach (Elevation 512 m (1680 ft)) is in the valley of the little river Kammel in the natural region Lower Iller-Lech Gravel Plateau . The hills between the valleys of Kammel and the neighboring valleys of Günz and Mindel are covered with wood in parts.
Cities near Krumbach are Ulm (40 kilometres northwest from Krumbach), Augsburg (48 kilometres east from Krumbach) and Munich (120 kilometres east from Krumbach).Towns near Krumbach are Günzburg (27 kilometres north from Krumbach), Mindelheim (30 kilometres south from Krumbach) and Memmingen (40 kilometres southwest from Krumbach).

Krumbach has a station at the Mittelschwaben Railway and it is at two Bundesstraßen (short: “B“): B16 and B300;

1156: Krumbach was founded
1370: the village got the right to hold a market
1305-1805: Krumbach was part of the Margraviate of Burgau, a part of Austria (the colours of the coat of arms (red and white) show the colours of Austria until today)
1805: Krumbach became Bavarian
1895: Krumbach became a town
1902: the neighboring village "Hürben", a village with many Jewish persons became part of the town Krumbach
until 1972: Krumbach was the capital of Krumbach, Swabia (district)
The villages Attenhausen, Edenhausen, Billenhausen, Hirschfelden, Hohenraunau and Niederraunau became in the years between 1972 and 1978 part of the municipality Krumbach.



Krumbach, Swabia (district)

Krumbach, Swabia (district) was until 1972/07/01 a district in Swabia in the southwest of Bavaria, Germany. Krumbach was the capital of this district. The carsign was KRU.

The district had 49 municipalities. The largest of them were the towns Krumbach, Bavaria and Thannhausen and the municipalities Ziemetshausen, Neuburg an der Kammel and Ursberg.

In 1972 the district became together with Günzburg (district) and the urban district Günzburg, the Günzburg district in today's form.

Neiba

The Dominican city of Neiba, also written as Neyba, is the head municipality of the Baoruco province, on the southwestern part of the country.

Neiba, or Naiva, was the original Taíno name of the "Yaque del Sur" river.

The municipality had, in 2002, a total population of 36,511: 19,023 men and 17,488 women. The urban population was 66.93% of the total population. In this numbers are included the population of El Palmar municipal district, that is part of the municipality.The population of the city of Neiba without the municipal district was 27,105.

The city of Neiba was founded in 1735; before that date, there were some people living here, raising cattle.

After the Dominican independence from Haiti, in 1844, Neiba became a municipality of the old Azua province. Several battles were fought near Neiba during the Dominican-Haitian War, including the first fight of that war: "La Fuente del Rodeo".

In 1881, with the creation of the old Barahona province, Neiba was made part of these new province.

When the Baoruco province was created in 1943, Neiba became the head municipality of the province.

Neiba is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" or Neiba Valley, near the eastern end of the "Lake Enriquillo". The "Sierra de Neiba" mountain range is just to the north of the city, and covers the northern half of the municipality.

The southwestern part of the municipality, close to the lake Enriquillo, is below sea level.

Neiba is at to the west of Santo Domingo. The average temperature in the city is 27.9°C and the average rainfall is 655.5 mm but it rains in only 45.4 days.

Neiba has the municipality of Galván to the east, the Independencia province to the south, the municipality of Villa Jaragua to the west and the San Juan province to the north.

There are few small rivers, like Las Marías, Panzo, Don Juan and El Manguito.

Neiba has a total area of ; without its municipal district, its area is . It has only one municipal district (a subdivision of a municipality): "El Palmar".

Neiba has a subtropical steppe/semi-arid hot climate (Köppen climate classification : BSh). The climate on the mountains of the Sierra de Neiba, where there are some rainforests, is cooler and more wet.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during the end of summer. The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is February with .

Neiba is in a hot region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest months, on average, are July and August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Farming is the only economic activity in the municipality, except for some very small industries; some important products are grapes, plantain, sugar cane (mostly in the El Palmar municipal district) and coffee (on the Sierra de Neiba). 

Lindau (district)

Lindau (district) is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Oberallgäu and in Baden-Württemberg: Ravensburg (district) and the Bodensee (district); In the south of the district are the Austrian state Vorarlberg and Lake Constance. Lindau is the capital of Lindau (district).


Donau-Ries

Donau-Ries (Bavarian: "Landkroas Doana-Rias", Swabian: "Landchrais Donau-Ries", lit.'Danube-Ries') is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Ansbach (district), Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen, Eichstätt (district), Neuburg-Schrobenhausen, Aichach-Friedberg, Augsburg (district), Dillingen (district) and in Baden-Württemberg: Heidenheim (district) and Ostalbkreis); Donauwörth is the capital of the Donau-Ries.

Dillingen (district)

Dillingen (district) () is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Donau-Ries, Augsburg (district), Günzburg (district) and in Baden-Württemberg: Heidenheim (district); Dillingen is the capital of Dillingen (district).

Aichach-Friedberg

Aichach-Friedberg (; Swabian German: "Oacha-Fridberg") is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Augsburg (district), Donau-Ries, Neuburg-Schrobenhausen, Pfaffenhofen (district), Dachau (district), Fürstenfeldbruck (district), Landsberg (district) and the district-free city Augsburg. Aichach is the capital of Aichach-Friedberg.

Augsburg (district)

Augsburg (; Swabian German: "Augschburg") is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Aichach-Friedberg, Landsberg (district), Ostallgäu, Unterallgäu, Günzburg (district), Dillingen (district), Donau-Ries and the district-free city Augsburg, which is the capital of Augsburg (district).

Neu-Ulm (district)

Neu-Ulm is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Günzburg (district), Unterallgäu and in Baden-Württemberg: Biberach (district), Alb-Donau-district and the district-free city Ulm. Neu-Ulm is the capital of Neu-Ulm (district).


Oberallgäu

Oberallgäu is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Unterallgäu, Ostallgäu, and Lindau (district) and in Baden-Württemberg: "Ravensburg" (district); The district-free city of Kempten, in the middle of the district, is not part of it. To the south of the district are the Austrian states Tyrol and Vorarlberg. Sonthofen is the capital of the "Oberallgäu".


Ostallgäu

Ostallgäu is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Oberallgäu, Unterallgäu, Augsburg (district), Landsberg (district), Weilheim-Schongau and Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district); The district-free city of Kaufbeuren, in the middle of the district, is not part of the it. In the south of the district is the Austrian state of Tyrol. Marktoberdorf is the capital of the Ostallgäu.


Unterallgäu

Unterallgäu is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Neu-Ulm (district), Günzburg (district), Augsburg (district), Ostallgäu and Oberallgäu and in Baden-Württemberg: Ravensburg (district) and Biberach (district); West of the district is the Bavarian district-free city Memmingen. Mindelheim is the capital of the Unterallgäu.

Towns
<br>
Märkte

Verwaltungsgemeinschaften

Municipalities


Swabia (Government Region)

Swabia (Government Region) (, Bavarian: "Schwobm", Swabian: "Schwaabe") or known as Bavarian Swabia (German: "Bayerischer-Schwaben", Bavarian: "Boarischa-Schwobm", Swabian: "Bayrischa-Schwaabe") is one of the seven Regierungsbezirke of Bavaria, Germany. It is in southwest Bavaria.

There are 3 regions ("Planungsregionen") in Swabia with the following rural districts and district-free towns/cities:<br>
Allgäu: rural districts: Lindau, Oberallgäu and Ostallgäu; district-free towns: Kaufbeuren and Kempten;<br>
Augsburg: rural districts: Aichach-Friedberg, Augsburg, Dillingen and Donau-Ries and the district-free city Augsburg;<br>
Donau-Iller: in Bavaria: rural districts: Günzburg, Neu-Ulm and Unterallgäu and the district-free town Memmingen; in Baden-Württemberg: rural districts: Alb-Donau and Biberach and the district-free city Ulm;

Historical Population of Swabia:


Carapachibey

Carapachibey, Cuba is a town in the region of Municipio Especial Isla de la Juventud, Cuba. There are around 1,681 people living there.

Caleta Grande

Caleta Grande, Cuba is a town in the region of Municipio Especial Isla de la Juventud, Cuba. There are approximately around 2,328 people living there. 

Crowheart, Wyoming

Crowheart is a very small census-designated place in the U.S. state of Wyoming. About 167 people live there.

Oscar (fish)

Oscar ("Astronotus ocellatus") is a species of fish from the cichlid family. Oscars have many common names. Some of these names are oscar, tiger oscar, velvet cichlid, and marble cichlid. The scientific name for the oscar species is "A. ocellatus." Oscars can grow up to long and weigh over . The Oscar fish is a smart species of fish. Oscars are popular as aquarium fish. Oscars are also very aggressive. 
The Oscar is a large predatory fish at grows up two 18”. Their bodies are colorful and dark colors mixed with bright colors. Different variations include some with albinism “albino oscar” and others with darker variations “tiger oscar”.

The Oscar is an aggressive predator from the Amazon River. Oscars create territories and attack other fish that come into their territory. Captive bred oscars can do well in certain community tanks with only fish from their region. For this to work you need to get you oscar from a breeder as small as possible, so they know the other possible tank mates are not a threat/food.

Captive oscars may be fed prepared fish food designed for large carnivorous fish. They can also eat crayfish, worms, and insects. Insects include, crickets, mealworms, grasshoppers, praying mantis and even hornworms. At about 6 months age, oscars can be fed live feeder fish, such as minnows, small gold fish and other feeder fish that can fit easily in their mouths. Captive bred oscars do best when fed natural frozen “carnivorous” fish food, along with live insects and crickets to keep a varied diet. These include, frozen bloodworms, frozen mysis shrimp, frozen beef heart, and frozen mixed fish cubes, as well as live feeders stated above. 

Mount Abram

Mount Abram is a mountain in northern Maine. It has 10 easy, 21 intermediate, and 13 expert trails. It also has five lifts which service of vertical drop.

Swan Lake

Swan Lake is a romantic ballet in four acts. Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote the music. In 1871 he wrote a little ballet about swans for his nieces and nephews. He used some of the music from this ballet for "Swan Lake". The story of the ballet is based on a German fairy tale. This tale was probably tweaked by Tchaikovsky and his friends during the ballet's early discussion stages.
"Swan Lake" is about a prince named Siegfried. He falls in love with the Swan princess, Odette. She is a swan by day, but a young woman at night. She is under a magic spell that can only be broken by a man who will make a promise to love her for all time. Siegfried makes the promise. He is tricked though by the magician who cast the spell. The ballet ends with the deaths of Siegfried and Odette.

The ballet was first performed on 4 March 1877 at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, Russia. Critics looked upon it as a failure for many reasons. In 1895 some changes were made to the ballet. It was then performed at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia. This time the critics thought "Swan Lake" a great success. Most performances today are based on this 1895 version.

Act 1: "1. Scène"The curtain rises on Prince Siegfried's birthday party. He is 21. On the next evening a grand ball will be held. He is to select a bride from six visiting princesses. Wolfgang, his tutor, introduces a band of peasants to the merrymakers. "2. Valse. 3. Scène." The Queen Mother enters. She thinks Siegfried is frivolous. The Queen Mother leaves. Benno encourages the Prince to continue the fun. "4. Pas de trois."Dances for the peasants. "5. Pas de deux."Dances for the merrymakers. "6. Pas d'action."Wolfgang is drunk and collapses. "7. Sujet."The sun sets. Siegfried suggests a final dance. "8. Danse des coupes."The merrymakers dance a "polonaise" holding their goblets. "9. Finale."A flock of swans flies overhead. Benno suggests a hunt. The Prince agrees. They set off.

Act 2: "10. Scène."A lake shimmering in the moonlight is seen. Siegfried and his friends watch a flock of swans glide across the lake's surface. "11. Scène."The hunters take aim. The birds are transformed into maidens. Their leader asks Siegfried why he troubles them. She says that she is the Princess Odette. She and her companions have all been changed into swans by her wicked stepmother. They are watched by her stepmother's companion Von Rothbart in the guise of an owl. Only a marriage vow can break the spell that keeps her a swan by day and a maiden by night. "12. Scène."Siegfried says he loves Odette. She promises to attend tomorrow's ball. She warns him that her stepmother is very dangerous. "13. Danse des cygnes." "14 Scène." Dawn breaks. Odette and her friends return to the lake as swans.

Act 3: Guests arrive in Siegfried's castle for the selection of the Prince's bride. "16. Danse du corps de ballet and des nains."All dance, including a group of dwarves. "17. Scène."La sortie des invités et la Valse. The six princesses arrive. "18. Scène." Siegfried does not choose a bride from among the six princesses. Von Rothbart enters with his daughter Odile. She is disguised as Odette. "19. Pas de six." The princesses dance. "20. Danse hongroise." "21. Danse espagnole." "22. Danse napolitaine." "23. Danse Mazurka." "24. Scène."Siegfried chooses Odile as his bride, believing she is Odette. Von Rothbart flees the hall as an owl. Siegfried rushes into the night to find Odette.

Act 4: "25. Entr'acte. 26. Scène."Odette's friends await her return to the lake. "27. Danse des petits cygnes. 28. Scène." Odette collapses into her companions' arms. She tells them what has happened. A storm rises. Siegfried reaches Odette. "29. Scène finale."He begs her to forgive him. She dies of grief in his arms. He throws her crown upon the waters. The waves overwhelm him. The swans are seen gliding away across the lake.

In 1871 Tchaikovsky was passing the summer in the Ukraine with his sister Alexandra Davydova. It was in her home at Kamenka that he wrote a short ballet about swans for her children to perform. The story of the ballet was based on "The Lake of Swans", a German fairy tale. Tchaikovsky used a musical theme from this children's ballet in the mature "Swan Lake". Little else is known of this ballet for children. 

In 1875 Vladimir Begitchev asked Tchaikovsky to write a ballet about swans. Begitchev was the official in charge of the repertory of the Imperial Theatres. Tchaikovsky accepted his invitation to write the ballet. He told Rimsky-Korsakov, "I accepted the work, partly because I want the money, but also because I have long had the wish to try my hand at this kind of music." In August he had completed sketches for two acts. He finished the ballet on 10 April 1876.

It is uncertain who wrote the libretto of the ballet. Both Begitchev and the dancer Vasily Geltzer were credited in the programme. They likely based it upon discussions with the artists who met at Begitchev's salon. They also used tales from Johann Musäus's "Volksmärchen der Deutschen" (178286), a collection of German fairy and folk tales.

Tchaikovsky had no experience writing ballet music for the professional theatre when he accepted Begitchev's invitation. In 1875 he began work on "Swan Lake". It was his first ballet. He studied the ballet music of other writers. He liked the music and ballets of Leo Delibes. Tchaikovsky thought Delibes's music was pretty and tuneful. Tchaikovsky however would base "Swan Lake" on a symphonic scale. Writing the music for "Swan Lake" was a way for Tchaikovsky to avoid the reality of being a homosexual in czarist Russia. Russia was a repressive state. Homosexuals were sent to prison, exiled, or banished. Symphonies did not ease the stress in the way ballet music did; he had to put too much of his inner life into symphonies. He was hired to write "Swan Lake" in May 1875. He completed the music in April 1876. The official responsible for the music at the Bolshoi Theatre thought Tchaikovsky's music impossible to understand. A "leitmotif" in Tchaikovsky's little ballet music for his nieces and nephews came to be called the "Song of the Swans". Tchaikovsky used this "leitmotif" in "Swan Lake".



John Warrack points out that Tchaikovsky put the drama in the story into music: "By making B the key of the tragedy, he initiates a musical "plot" with the dark forces of Rothbart tending to drag the tonality down into flatter keys. The main action, on the other hand, lies on the key area of A." Tchaikovsky balanced all the musical components of the work. "The divertissements are in his lightest, most appealing musical manner", Warrack writes, "The dances that further the plot have rather greater musical substance, while the scenes of narrative and action are in what was found his "symphonic" manner." Critics said Tchaikovsky's music was "too noisy, too 'Wagnerian' and too symphonic". 
Rehearsals for "Swan Lake" began before Tchaikovsky finished the score, and took place over 11 months. Everyone involved in the production had never heard such a complex score for a ballet. They described the music as "undanceable". Even the conductor threw his hands up in despair over the music.

The choreographer Julius Reisinger was incompetent, and the sets lacked a cohesiveness because they were designed by three different men. In addition, the Bolshoi Theatre was suffering at the time from problems including the lack of a ballet master who could develop a production based on the score. The role of Odette was not given to a first rate dancer but instead to a second rate talent. The reason may have been political.

"Swan Lake" was first performed on 4 March 1877 at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow. Julius Reisinger designed the dances. Pauline Karpakova danced Odette. She put some numbers she liked from other ballets into "Swan Lake". The ballet was a failure. In 1883 the Bolshoi dropped the ballet from its repertory. At that time, the sets were falling apart. It was not until 1901 that Alexander Gorsky staged a new production of "Swan Lake" for the Bolshoi.
The first performance of "Swan Lake" was a disaster. Herman Laroche wrote, "I must say that I had never seen a poorer presentation on the Bolshoi stage. The costumes, decor, and machines did not hide in the least the emptiness of the dances. Not a single balletomane got out of it even five minutes of pleasure." He praised the music. He wrote that Tchaikovsky was "in excellent humour ... he was fully at the height of his genius." Tchaikovsky's brother Modest wrote, "The poverty of the production, meaning the décor and costumes, the absence of outstanding performers, the Ballet Master's weakness of imagination, and, finally, the orchestra ... all of this together permitted [Tchaikovsky] with good reason to cast the blame for the failure on others." The ballet was a moderate success with theatre-goers however. It was presented 33 times between its première at the Bolshoi in 1877 and its final performance in 1883.

Tchaikovsky died on 6 November 1893. People started to take more interest in his music after his death. Lev Ivanov was the assistant Ballet Master at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg. He designed new dances for Act 2. This act was presented on 1 March 1894 in a concert at the Mariinsky in memory of Tchaikovsky. Pierina Legnani danced Odette. The revised act was a great success. It was presented again with even greater success. Marius Petipa was the Ballet Master at the Mariinsky. He was impressed with the success of these two presentations. He made the decision to stage the complete ballet at the Mariinsky. He designed the dances for Acts 1 and 3 while Ivanov designed the dances for Acts 2 and 4.

Riccardo Drigo was the conductor of the Mariinsky orchestra. He dropped some numbers from the ballet. He orchestrated three piano numbers from Tchaikovsky's Op. 72. He then put them in the ballet. These three numbers were "L'Espiègle", "Valse Bluette", and "Un poco di Chopin". He then put a number into Act 3 which he may have written himself.

Tchaikovsky's brother Modest changed the ballet's story a little for the revision. He gave the ballet a happy ending. The new "Swan Lake" was presented on 27 January 1895 at the Mariinsky. Pierina Legnani danced both Odette and Odile. The ballet was a great success. This version of the ballet is the one generally seen today.
"Swan Lake" is famous for the 32 "fouettés en tournant" in Act 3. These "fouettés" are danced at the end of the "Black Swan" "pas de deux" by the ballerina playing Odile. The "pas" was an afterthought of Tchaikovsky's. It was not included in the original production. It consists of the opening adagio followed by a variation for the male dancer. This is followed by a variation for the ballerina. The whole concludes with a brisk movement for both dancers that includes the "fouettés". Pierina Legnani first danced the "fouettés" in the Mariinsky production of 1895. Ballet-goers were uncertain about the 32 "fouettés". Some thought they were just a stunt. Others found them exciting. These ballet-goers went to every performance to count the number of turns.
"Swan Lake" became known in Europe and the United States not long after the revised version was presented at the Mariinsky Theatre in 1895. It was first presented in Europe at Prague in June 1907. It was first presented in the United States at the Metropolitan Opera House in December 1911. Diaghilev's Ballets Russes presented a two-act "Swan Lake" in London in 1911. The Ballets Russes presented a one-act version in London in 1925. The complete "Swan Lake" was first presented in England by the Sadler's Wells Ballet in November 1934. Ballerinas portraying Odette include Mathilde Kchessinska, Anna Pavlova, and Margot Fonteyn. Pavel Gerdt was the Prince Siegfried of the 1895 St. Petersburg production. Nijinsky and Rudolph Nureyev have also performed Prince Siegfried.

The score used in this comparison is Tchaikovsky's score. It may be different from Riccardo Drigo's score which is usually performed today. The titles for each number are taken from the original published score. Some of the numbers are titled simply as musical indications, those that are not are translated from their original French titles.

Moderato assai — Allegro non troppo — Tempo I

"Pas de deux for Mme. Anna Sobeshchanskaya" fashioned from the original music by Léon Minkus (AKA the "Tchaikovsky Pas de Deux")


Knock-knock joke

A knock-knock joke is a joke where a joke-teller pretends to knock on a door and then hear someone else answer it. It always starts with the phrase "Knock, knock!" followed by the question "Who's there?" and ends with a punch line which usually has a pun or some other kind of word play.

The basic format is as follows:

"Joke-Teller:" "Knock Knock!"

"Joke-Hearer:" "Who's There?"

"Teller:" "[name or word]"

"Hearer:" "[name or word] Who?"

"Teller:" "[answer]"

Knock-knock jokes come from "do you know?" jokes in the 1900s and became very popular in the 1930s.

An example of a knock-knock joke is:

"Barbie:" "Knock Knock!"

"Ken:" "Who's There?"

"Barbie:" "Banana!"

"Ken:" "Banana Who?"

"Barbie:" "Banana split, ice screamed and sundae went nuts!"

"Knock knock" was the catchphrase of music hall performer Wee Georgie Wood, who was recorded in 1936 saying it in a radio play, but he simply used the words as a reference to his surname and did not use it as part of the well-known joke formula. The format was well known in the UK and US in the 1950s and 1960s before falling out of favor.

Landsberg (district)

Landsberg am Lech is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in the south of Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Aichach-Friedberg, Fürstenfeldbruck Rural District, Starnberg Rural District, Weilheim-Schongau, Ostallgäu and Augsburg (district); Landsberg am Lech is the capital of Landsberg (district).


Adriaen Coorte

Adriaen Coorte (about 1665 – 1707) was a Dutch painter. He mainly painted 'still life'. He signed works between 1683 and 1707. Most of his paintings are small. His style is typical of Dutch 17th century still life painting. Other Dutch painters who lived at the same time had a different style of painting. Coorte was "one of the last practitioners of this intimate category".

Very little is known about his life. He was probably born in Middelburg and also died there. He became a pupil of Melchior d'Hondecoeter around 1680 in Amsterdam. From 1683 he seems to have returned to Middelburg, where he set up a workshop and signed his small, carefully balanced minimalist still lifes. He often painted on paper that was glued to a wooden panel. About 80 signed works by him have been catalogued, and nearly all of them follow the same pattern; small arrangements of fruits, vegetables, or shells on a stone slab, lit from above, with the dark background typical of still lifes earlier in the century. Instead of the Chinese or silver vessels favoured by his contemporaries, his tableware is very basic pottery. "Objects and light are studied intensely, and are painted with a wondrous tenderness". Neither his birth nor death date is certain, and archival evidence only exists in Middelburg for his membership in the Guild of St. Luke there from 1695 onwards, when he was fined for selling a painting without being a member of the guild. His works appear frequently in contemporary Middelburg taxation inventories

Coorte was probably not well known to the people who lived at the same time, outside the city of Middelburg. Much like Vermeer, he was almost entirely forgotten. In the 1950s, the Dutch art historian Laurens J. Bol revived his reputation, beginning with an article in 1952, and finally publishing the first monograph and catalogue raissone on Coorte in 1977 ("Adriaen Coorte", Amsterdam). Bol arranged an exhibition of 35 examples of Coorte's work in 1958 at the Dordrechts Museum. This became a sensation in the Netherlands; the poets Hans Faverey and Ed Leeflang were both inspired by the paintings. In 2003 there was an exhibition at the National Gallery of Art, Washington. In 2008 a new travelling exhibition was set up; "Ode to Coorte", that was nearly as successful, making Coorte the most celebrated "rediscovered" Dutch Baroque painter of recent decades.

His paintings have been compared to Spanish Bodegones, but he may also have been influenced by older painters:



Weilheim in Oberbayern

Weilheim in Oberbayern (English: 'Weilheim in Upper Bavaria') is a town in Germany, the capital of Weilheim-Schongau in the south of Bavaria.

Weilheim in Oberbayern is twinned with:

Still life

A still life is a work of art, most often a painting. In a still life, objects like flowers, fruit, or glasses are arranged in a certain way, and then painted. Most still lifes are of inanimate objects manmade or natural.Still life painting has been popular since the 17th century, when Dutch painters like Adriaen Coorte raised it to a fine art. However, the idea is old: examples can be found in antiquity. With a still life, the artist can focus more on composition and arrangement than with other forms of painting, such as landscape painting or portraiture.

Computing platform

A computing platform is a well defined set of hardware or software that allows application programs to run. Typical platforms include the hardware architecture, the operating system, as well as runtime libraries. The programming language Java is an example of Software Platform. An example for a hardware platform is SPARC.


Iller-Lech Plateau

The Iller-Lech Plateau () or Upper Swabian Plateau ("Oberschwäbische Hochebene"), is one of the natural regions of Germany.

In the northwest: the Swabian Jura (D60 on the map); The river Danube is roughly the border between the two natural regions.

In the extreme northeast: the Franconian Jura (D61 on the map); The river Danube is roughly the border between the two natural regions.

In the east: the Lower Bavarian Uplands and the Isar-Inn Gravel Plateaus (D65 on the map); The river Lech is roughly the border between the two natural regions in parts.

In the south: the Southern Alpine Foreland (D66 on the map); The terminal moraines of the Würm glaciation are roughly the border between the two natural regions.
1: Danube-Ablach Plateaus: Old Drift landscape (in Baden-Württemberg)<br>
2: Danube Valley between Mengen and Ulm, Lower Riß Valley: valleys (in Baden-Württemberg)<br>
3: Federsee Ried: (in Baden-Württemberg)<br>
4: Western Plain of the Lower Riß: Tertiary hills and ice age gravel deposits (in Baden-Württemberg)<br>
5: Eastern Plain of the Lower Riß: Tertiary hills and Old Drift ice age gravel deposits (in Baden-Württemberg)<br>
6: Holzstöcke: Tertiary hills (in Baden-Württemberg)<br>
7 and 8: Western and Eastern Riß-Aitrach Plateaus: Old Drift landscape (in Baden-Württemberg)<br>
9 and 10: Higher Plains of the Lower Iller Valley (south of Memmingen) and Lower Plains of the Lower Iller Valley (north of Memmingen): large valley, filled by gravel during and after the ice ages (in Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria)<br>
11 and 12: Upper and Lower Iller-Lech Gravel Plateaus: Tertiary hills with valleys formed by river systems flowing from south to north (in Bavaria)<br>
13: Donauried: Large fen plain by the Danube; Würm Ice Age formed (in Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria)<br>
14 / 15: Zusam Plateau and Stauffenberg Region / Stauden Plateau (Stauden) (together: Augsburg-Westliche Wälder Nature Park): Tertiary hills with valleys formed by river systems flowing from south to north (in Bavaria)<br>
16: Lech Valley: large valley, filled by gravel during and after the ice ages (in Bavaria)<br>
17: Aindlingen Terrace: Tertiary hills and High gravel plateau (in Bavaria)<br>
18 and 20: Lower and Upper Lech-Wertach Plain: Divided into lower terrace landscape by the Wertach and Gennach rivers (in Bavaria)<br>
19: Landsberg Plateau: High gravel plateau rising from north to south (in Bavaria)<br>
21: Sachsenried and Denklingen Rotwald: pure forest landscape; in the north: high terrace gravels of the Lech; in the south: Old Drift landscape (in Bavaria)<br>


Natural regions of Germany








Masato Saito

Masato Saito (born 1 December 1975) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Omiya Ardija.

304||14||23||0||21||0||348||14
304||14||23||0||21||0||348||14

Yasuhiro Hato

Hato was born in Minamiawaji on May 4, 1976. After graduating from Takigawa Daini High School, he joined J1 League club Yokohama Flügels with teammate Takayuki Yoshida in 1995. He played as mainly right midfielder and his opportunities to play gradually increased from 1997. In 1998, the club won the Emperor's Cup. However the club was disbanded end of 1998 season due to financial strain, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. He played as mainly right side-back and also center back. The club won the champions 2001 J.League Cup and 2003 J1 League. He moved to Kashiwa Reysol in April 2004. However the club was relegated to J2 League in 2005 and he moved to Omiya Ardija in 2006. He returned to Yokohama F. Marinos in 2010. He retired end of 2011 season.

On April 25, 2001, Hato debuted for Japan national team against Spain. After debut, he played as right midfielder in most matches including Confederations Cup in 2001. However his opportunity to play decreased behind Daisuke Ichikawa in 2002 and he was not elected Japan for 2002 World Cup. He played 15 games for Japan until 2002.

358||2||27||0||58||1||1||0||444||3
358||2||27||0||58||1||1||0||444||3

!Total||15||0

Takuro Nishimura

Takuro Nishimura (born 15 August 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Crystal Palace Baltimore.

90||1||12||0||18||1||120||2
13||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||13||0
103||1||12||0||18||1||133||2

Hiroshi Morita

Hiroshi Morita (born 18 May 1978) is a Japanese football player.

228||53||22||9||23||5||273||67
228||53||22||9||23||5||273||67

Daisuke Tomita

Daisuke Tomita (born 24 April 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

336||19||21||4||29||2||386||25
336||19||21||4||29||2||386||25

Seiichiro Okuno

Seiichiro Okuno (born 26 July 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

300||7||26||1||11||0||337||8
300||7||26||1||11||0||337||8

Central Español

Central Español F.C. is a football club which plays in Uruguay.

Jan Zweyer

Jan Zweyer (real name Rüdiger Richartz; born December 12, 1953 in Frankfurt) is a German writer.

First he studied architecture and finished it with an exam. Then he studied social sciences and got an exam in it, too. and worked as a clerk for science. After that he worked as a journalist who is only paid when he can sell his stories. He has been working for an international industrial company for some years and only writes in his free time. Zweyer writes detective stories which deal in the Ruhr Area and are very popular in Northrhine-Westphalia because he describes it very naturalistically.




Portland Police Bureau (Oregon)

The Portland Police Bureau is the law enforcement agency of the City of Portland, the biggest city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

The Bureau, first named the Portland Metropolitan Police Force, was created in 1870 by the Portland City Council. The Council chose Phillip Saunders as its first chief of police. He was in charge of a force with six patrolmen and one lieutenant, at a time when the population of Portland was 9,000. The first member of the force to die in the line of duty was Officer Charles F. Schoppe, who was shot to death in 1874 while trying to disarm a drunken saloon customer. On April 1, 1908, the Bureau became the first in the United States to hire a female police officer, Lola Baldwin, who became the Superintendent of its newly created Women’s Protective Division. In 1915, the "Metropolitan Police Force" changes its name to the Bureau of Police. Four years later, the Bureau becomes the first in the USA to use police radio. In 1985, Penny Harrington becomes Portland’s first woman Chief of Police, and the first to head a major U.S. police department.


Mitterteich

Mitterteich (Northern Bavarian: "Miederdeich") is a municipality in Tirschenreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 10 km northwest of Tirschenreuth, and 17 km southwest of Cheb.

List of retired Pacific hurricane names

This is a list of retired Pacific hurricane names. Pacific hurricane names only get retired if and when they are notable enough by causing a lot of damage or killing many people. They can also be retired if and when a government or country requests the name to be retired.

Below is a list of Pacific hurricane names retired;

1960s: Hazel
1970s: Fico
1980s: Iwa
1990s: Fefa, Iniki, Ismael, Pauline, Paka 
2000s: Adolph, Kenna, Ioke, Alma
2010s: Manuel, Odile, Patricia


Homo rhodesiensis

Homo rhodesiensis is a hominin species described from a single fossil skull. It was found in the colony of Northern Rhodesia, (now Zambia) at a mine called Broken Hill (now Kabwe) in 1921. The skull lacks the lower jaw, but otherwise is almost complete. In addition to the cranium, an upper jaw from another individual, a sacrum (bone of the pelvis), a tibia, and two femur fragments were also found.

Rhodesian Man is dated to be between 125,000 and 300,000 years old. Cranial capacity of the Broken Hill skull has been estimated at 1,100 cm³. Bada & al (1974) published a direct date of 110 ka for this specimen. The brain size is rather small for such a late date. The destruction of the paleoanthropological site has made layered dating impossible.

The skull is from an extremely robust (= strong) individual, and has the comparatively largest brow-ridges of any known hominid remains. It was described as having a broad face similar to "Homo neanderthalensis" (i.e. large nose and thick protruding brow ridges), and has been interpreted as an "African Neanderthal". There are several features intermediate between modern "Homo sapiens" and Neanderthals. Most current experts believe Rhodesian Man to be within the group of "Homo heidelbergensis". Other names, such as Archaic "Homo sapiens" and "Homo sapiens rhodesiensis", have also been suggested.

Homo georgicus

Homo georgicus is a species of "Homo" that was proposed in 2002. It is based on fossil skulls and jaws found in Dmanisi, Georgia in 1999 and 2001. They seem intermediate between "Homo habilis" and "H. erectus".

A partial skeleton was discovered in 2001. The fossils are about 1.8 million years old. The remains were first discovered in 1991 by Georgian scientist, David Lordkipanidze, accompanied by an international team which unearthed the remains. Implements and animal bones were found alongside the ancient human remains.

At first, scientists thought they had found mandibles and skulls belonging to "Homo ergaster", but size differences led them to name a new species.

At around 600 cm³ brain volume, the skull D2700 is dated to 1.77 million years old and it is in good condition. The cranium was the smallest and most primitive Hominin skull ever discovered outside of Africa.

In Africa, the "Australopithecines" and early "Homo" represent two distinctive evolutionary paths sharing a common ancestor. In Georgia the specimens, with a brain half the size of anatomically modern humans, were the smallest found until the discovery of "Homo floresiensis" on the island of Flores in 2003.
There is a strong sexual dimorphism present, with males being significantly larger than females. This is a primitive trait. It is less obvious in more recent human species in Europe (i.e. "Homo antecessor", "Homo heidelbergensis" and "Homo neanderthalensis").
The small size of this species contrasts with the much larger size of "Homo erectus". "H. georgicus" was the first species of "Homo" to settle in Europe, some 800,000 years before "H. erectus".

Later, four fossil skeletons were found, showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs, providing greater mobility. They are now thought to represent a stage soon after the transition between "Australopithecus" and "Homo erectus", and have been dated at 1.8 million years before the present. The assemblage includes one of the largest Pleistocene Homo mandibles (D2600), one of the smallest Lower Pleistocene mandibles (D211), a nearly complete sub-adult (D2735), and a specimen without teeth (D3900).

"H. georgicus" is often classified as Homo erectus georgicus. The classical textbook definition of "H. erectus" included a brain size range of between 9001150 ccs. If the "georgicus" specimens and the Flores specimens ("Homo floresiensis") are included in "H. erectus", then the range of brain capacities is two-fold, from 600 ccs to 1150 ccs. "Homo ergaster" is also considered by some to be a subspecies of "H. erectus". Size has something to do with it: both the "georgicus" and "floriensis" were much smaller than the classic "erectus", which was as tall as modern man. The classification of all these species or subspecies is provisional at present, and still being debated.

Chicxulub crater

The Chicxulub crater is a large meteorite crater. It was probably made by the meteor that caused the extinction of the dinosaurs and other animals ~65 mya. It is partly in the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico and partly underwater.

The Chicxulub crater is more than 180 km (110 mi) in diameter, making it the third largest confirmed impact crater on Earth. Petroleum prospectors found it in the late 1970s.

The bolide which formed the crater was at least 10 km (6 mi) in diameter. Evidence for the impact origin of the crater includes shocked quartz, a gravity anomaly, and tektites in surrounding areas. The age of the rocks and isotope analysis show that this impact structure dates from the end of the Cretaceous period, roughly 66 million years ago. The impact which caused the crater probably caused the Cretaceous–Tertiary extinction event.

In March 2010, following analysis of the available evidence covering 20 years' worth of data in the fields of palaeontology, geochemistry, climate modelling, geophysics and sedimentology, 41 international experts from 33 institutions reviewed available evidence. They said the impact at Chicxulub triggered the mass extinctions during the K-T boundary, including that of dinosaurs.

Scientists can now describe in detail how the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs produced its huge crater. The reconstruction of the event 66 million years ago was made possible by drilling into the remnant bowl and analysing its rocks.

Scientists have found evidence of fallout from the asteroid impact. Excavations in North Dakota reveal fossils of fish and trees that were sprayed with rocky, glassy fragments that fell from the sky. The deposits also show evidence of being swamped with water. This was caused by the colossal sea surge caused by the impact.


Ruslan Ponomariov

Ruslan Ponomariov (, born 11 October 1983) is a Ukrainian chess player and former FIDE world champion.

In 2002 he beat his fellow countryman Vassily Ivanchuk in the final of the FIDE World Championship 2002 by a score of 4½–2½. This made him FIDE world champion at the age of 18, the first teenager and youngest person to win this form of the title. However, he is not the youngest undisputed world champion because the traditional World Chess Championship was still held by Vladimir Kramnik. 

In the same year he finished second in the very strong Linares tournament, behind Garry Kasparov. His result in the strong 2003 Corus tournament at Wijk aan Zee was not as good – despite having the third highest rating, he finished only joint eleventh out of fourteen players with 6/13, and at Linares the same year he finished only fifth out of seven with 5½/12.

There were plans for him to play a fourteen-game match against Kasparov in Yalta in September 2003, the winner of which would go on to play the winner of a match between Kramnik and Péter Lékó as part of the so-called "Prague Agreement" to reunify the World Chess Championship (from 1993 until 2006 there were two world chess championships). However, this was called off after Ponomariov refused to sign his contract without reservation. 

Ponomariov remained FIDE champion until Rustam Kasimdzhanov won the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004.

WWE Bad Blood

WWE Bad Blood, (originally called "Badd Blood") was a professional wrestling Pay-Per-View that was produced by WWE that was produced in 1997, 2003 and 2004. It included only the Raw brand for the 2003 and 2004 editions. The 1997 edition was an In Your House pay-per-view called "Badd Blood: In Your House", this event held the first ever Hell in a Cell match, which was won by Shawn Michaels defeating The Undertaker, and also featured the debut of Kane.

Badd Blood: In Your House took place on October 5, 1997 at the Kiel Center in St. Louis, Missouri. On the afternoon preceding this event, Brian Pillman, who was scheduled to face Dude Love on the show, was found dead in his hotel room. The announcement was made to fans during the half-hour "pregame show" prior to the PPV broadcast itself.

The tournament was held between September 8 and October 5, 1997. The tournament brackets were:
Notes:


Hideaki Kitajima

Kitajima was born in Narashino on May 23, 1978. After graduating from Funabashi Municipal High School, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 1997. In 1999, he played many matches and the club won J.League Cup. The club also won the 3rd place in 1999 and 2000 J1 League. However his opportunity to play decreased, he moved to Shimizu S-Pulse in 2003. He returned to Kashiwa in 2006. In 2011, the club won the champions 2011 J1 League. He moved to J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto in June 2012. He retired end of 2013 season.

In October 2000, Kitajima was selected the Japan national team for 2000 Asian Cup. At this competition, on October 17, he debuted and scored a goal against Uzbekistan. He played 2 games and Japan won the champions. He played 3 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 2000.

303||73||23||4||41||7||4||1||371||85
303||73||23||4||41||7||4||1||371||85

!Total||3||1

Shigemaru Takenokoshi

Takenokoshi was born in Usuki on February 15, 1906. He played for Tokyo Imperial University LB which was consisted of his alma mater Tokyo Imperial University players and graduates. He also played for Tokyo OB Club and won 1933 Emperor's Cup with Shiro Teshima and Teiichi Matsumaru.

In May 1925, when Takenokoshi was a Tokyo Imperial University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 20, he debuted against Republic of China. He also played at 1927 in Shanghai and 1930 Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo. At 1927 Far Eastern Championship Games, on August 29, he scored a goal against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". At 1930 Far Eastern Championship Games, he led Japan to the champions as captain. He played 5 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1930.

In 1934, Takenokoshi was named manager for the Japan national team for the 1934 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. In 1936, he served as assistant coach under manager Shigeyoshi Suzuki for 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin. Japan completed a come-from-behind victory against Sweden. The first victory in Olympics for the Japan and the historic victory over one of the powerhouses became later known as "Miracle of Berlin" () in Japan. In 2016, this team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. He also managed Japan from 1938 to 1940.

After World War II, in 1951, Takenokoshi became a manager for Japan as Hirokazu Ninomiya successor again. He managed at 1954 Asian Games and 1956 Summer Olympics. He resigned after 1956 Summer Olympics. In 1958, he became a manager for Japan as Taizo Kawamoto successor again. However, in December 1959, at 1960 Summer Olympics qualification, following Japan's failure to qualify for 1960 Summer Olympics, he stepped down as manager.

On October 6, 1980, Takenokoshi died of stroke in Bunkyo, Tokyo at the age of 74. In 2005, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||5||1


Paulo Ferreira

Paulo Renato Rebocho Ferreira (; born 18 January 1979) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a full-back. He is an assistant coach of French Ligue 1 club Lille.

Porto

Chelsea

Portugal

Individual

Orders

Dumbarton F.C.

Dumbarton F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.


Third Lanark A.C.

Third Lanark A.C. was a football club which has played in Scotland.

Abercorn F.C.

Abercorn F.C. is a former football club. They were based in Paisley, Scotland. They played in the Scottish Football League from 1890 until 1915. The club's colours were blue and white stripes. 

Vale of Leven F.C.

Vale of Leven F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Cowlairs F.C.

Cowlairs F.C. is a former football club which has played in Scotland.

Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan (; ; also known as Fotbollsallsvenskan) is a men's football league. It is the top division in Sweden.



French lavender

The topped lavender, also known as French lavender, is a perennial shrub, that usually grows up to 30-100 centimetres. The leafs are 1-4 centimetres long, in a greyish tomentose tone. The flowers are pinkish, produced on spikes 2-3 centimetres long; each flower is subtended by a bract that is 4-8 millimetres long. At the top of the spike there are many other white or lavender bracts. Many subspecies exist in Spain and other countries nearby.


Andreas Herzog

Andreas "Andi" Herzog (born 10 September 1968) is a former Austrian football player. He has played for Austria national team.
Andreas Herzog started his career with SK Rapid Wien. 1987 and 1988 he won the championship with this team and 1987 the Cup, but he played only few matches. Regularly he played since 1988. 1992 he went on to Werder Bremen in the German Bundesliga, where he reached the championship 1994. Bayern München became interested and so he went, together with his mentor and coach Otto Rehagel to Muinich. But this year was not successful so he went back to Bremen. There he won the German Cup the second time. In Germany he played 264 matches for Bremen and Muinich and shot 59 goals(15 penalties).

In the winter of 2001–02 he went back to Vienna where he played two seasons for Rapid again. There he was team captain. In Austria he scored 50 goals in 201 games in all competitions. His last team was Los Angeles Galaxy, where he played 27 matches and scored four goals.

With 103 international matches Andreas Herzog is record holder in Austria. He played his first match on April 6th, 1988 against Greece(2:2). With the team he played in the FIFA World Cup 1990 in Italy and 1998 in France. He played his last match on April 30th, 2003 in Glasgow against Scotland.
2005 he was ambassador for the UEFA Euro 2008. After Hans Krankl resinged he became coach of the national team for the last two 
qualifying matches for the FIFA World Cup 2006. Afterwards he became assistant coach under Josef Hickersberger and Karel Brückner. Since 2009 he is coach of the Austrian U21-team. On 17 December 2011 he went to the USA where he became assistant coach to Jürgen Klinsmann for the USA national football team.

On TV he has been the match analyst for the pay TV group Sky.

177||40
264||60
27||4
468||104

!Total||103||26

Takayoshi Yamano

Yamano was born in Osaka Prefecture on April 5, 1955. After graduating from Osaka University of Commerce, he joined his local club Yanmar Diesel in 1978. The club won the Japan Soccer League champions in 1980. The club also won 1983 and 1984 JSL Cup. He played 125 matches for the club until 1984. In 1986, he signed with Japan Soccer League Division 2 club Osaka Gas. He retired in 1991.

On June 11, 1980, Yamano debuted for the Japan national team against China. He played 2 games for Japan in 1980.

!Total||2||0

Zoigl

Zoigl is a beer which is brewed in brewhouses owned by the town. Its made only in then northeastern region of Bavaria. This right to brew exists since the Middle Ages.


Leith Athletic F.C.

Leith Athletic F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Osteoporosis

Osteoporosis is the weakening of bones in the body. It is caused by lack of calcium in the bones. This causes the bones to become brittle. They break easily. Side effects include limping. Some symptoms late in the disease include pain in the bones, bones breaking very easily and lower back pain due to spinal bone fractures. It is more likely for a woman to get osteoporosis than a man. Elderly people are more likely to develop osteoporosis than younger people. The amount of calcium in the bones decreases as a person gets older. There are three kinds of osteoporosis.

There is no cure for osteoporosis. A person can keep it from happening by exercising and taking the right amount of calcium each day. 75 million people in the United States, Japan, and Europe have osteoporosis. 30 million people in the US have poor bone density. Vitamin D, calcium, and exercise are the three main things for healthy bones. Consuming too much alcohol and caffeine can cause an increase in the risk of weak bones. Too much salt increases the amount of calcium lost in urine. This is bad because calcium makes bones strong. People should not take iron and calcium supplements at the same time. This is because calcium competes with the absorption of minerals such as iron.

Taizo Kawamoto

Kawamoto was born in Seto on January 17, 1914. He played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. The club won the 2nd place at 1940 Emperor's Cup.

In 1941, Kawamoto served in the military for World War II and was detained in the Soviet Union following the war for 4 years (Japanese prisoners of war in the Soviet Union). In December 1949, when he was 35 years old, he returned to Japan and came back as player at Osaka SC. Osaka SC won the 2nd place at Emperor's Cup 3 times (1951, 1952 and 1953).

In May 1934, when Kawamoto was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted and scored a goal against Dutch East Indies. In 1936, he was selected Japan for 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin and scored a goal against Sweden. Japan completed a come-from-behind victory against Sweden. The first victory in Olympics for the Japan and the historic victory over one of the powerhouses became later known as "Miracle of Berlin" () in Japan. In 2016, this team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

After World War II, Kawamoto played at 1954 World Cup qualification and 1954 Asian Games. On May 3, 1954, he made history by becoming the oldest player to play for Japan national team at the age of 40 years and 106 days. He played 9 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 1954. He was also a member of Japan as player and assistant coach for 1956 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in the match.

In 1958, Kawamoto named a manager for Japan national team as Hidetoki Takahashi successor for 1958 Asian Games in Tokyo. At 1958 Asian Games, Japan fought against Philippines and Hong Kong. However Japan lost both games and he resigned after the competition.

On September 20, 1985, Kawamoto died of stomach cancer in Osaka at the age of 71. In 2005, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||9||4


Steve Corica

Stephen Christopher Corica (; born 24 March 1973) is an Australian soccer manager and former player. He is the current manager of Australian club Sydney FC.

With Australia:
With Sydney FC:
With Marconi-Fairfield:

Individual

Honourable distinctions



Miguel Simão

Miguel Simão (born 26 February 1973) is a former Portuguese football player.

3||0||0||0||3||1||6||1
3||0||0||0||3||1||6||1

Taketo Shiokawa

Taketo Shiokawa (born 17 December 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

241||31||31||5||14||3||286||39
241||31||31||5||14||3||286||39

Hedwiges Maduro

Hedwiges Eduard Martinus Maduro (born 13 February 1985) is a Dutch professional football coach and former player who is the assistant coach of Eredivisie club Ajax.

Ajax

Valencia

PAOK

Netherlands U21

Individual

Mitsuhisa Taguchi

Taguchi was born in Akita on February 14, 1955. After graduating from Akita Commercial High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Mitsubishi Motors in 1973. In 1973, the club won the champions at Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. In 1975, he debuted as a starting goalkeeper for Japan national team, replacing established starter Kenzo Yokoyama.

In 1978, Taguchi was part of one of the club's most successful seasons, winning the Japanese treble; Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup. The club also won 1980 Emperor's Cup, 1981 JSL Cup and 1982 Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1984. He played 161 games in the league. He was selected Best Eleven 8 times included for 7 years in a row (1977-1983).

On September 8, 1975, Taguchi debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. In 1977, he became a regular goalkeeper and played at 1978 World Cup qualification, 1978 Asian Games and 1980 Summer Olympics qualification. From 1982, he became a captain and played at 1982 Asian Games and 1984 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 59 games for Japan until 1984.

Following his retirement from playing career, Taguchi worked as a coach for several high school teams, including those at Aomori Yamada High School and Kokusai Gakuin High School.

On November 12, 2019, Taguchi died of respiratory failure in Tokyo Metropolis at the age of 64.

161||0
161||0

!Total||59||0

St. Bernard's F.C.

St. Bernard's F.C. was a football club which has played in Scotland.

Port Glasgow Athletic F.C.

Port Glasgow Athletic F.C. is a former football club which has played in Scotland.

Red Stripe

Red Stripe is a Jamaican beer that comes in a can and a bottle.

Molson

Molson is a Canadian brewery that was created in 1786 by the founder John Molson. It is the fifth largest brewery in the world.

Foster's Lager

Foster's is a full strength Australian beer. It was first brewed by the brothers, W.M. Foster and R.R. Foster, in 1887. It is an European style lager, with 4.9% alcohol. More than 100 million cases of Foster's Lager are sold around the world each year, which makes it Australia's biggest selling beer. It is brewed in nine countries using 20 breweries. While known overseas as a classic Australian beer, it is far less common in Australia than other beers such as Victoria Bitter and XXXX Gold.

Issler's Orchestra

Issler's Orchestra was probably the first band that became famous because of the records they made.

In or shortly before 1888, music teacher and pianist Edward Issler (1855 - ?) started a four-piece band. The instruments were piano, cornet, flute, and violin. Their first recordings were made in 1888 for Thomas Alva Edison, the inventor of the phonograph, the first device that could record and play back sound.

Soon, more instruments were added, including the trombone and clarinet, but the band started losing popularity to larger groups. After a client (Columbia) of the company Issler recorded most for (the United States Phonograph Co. of Newark, NJ) started its own studio orchestra, the band faded away. They made their last recordings in 1900, although they may have continued performing into the early 1900s.

The band's four core members were:


All of Issler's records were recorded on fragile hollow cylinders made of a waxy blend of materials that usually became brown-colored during the making of the blank cylinders, so they are called "brown wax cylinders" because of their shape and usual color. Their actual color can be anywhere from nearly white to a very dark brown. They are about 4¼ inches long and 2¼ inches in diameter. Not many cylinder records made in the 1890s have survived and the survivors are almost never in like-new condition, so the sound recorded on them is now less clear than what people heard when they were new and there is much more noise mixed in with it.


WWE New Year's Revolution

New Year's Revolution was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event, that was shown every January by the American professional wrestling promotion, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The event was created in 2005, with its first event shown in January of that year. To go with the brand extension, only wrestlers from the Raw brand were on it during the event's history.

Since its creation in 2005, the event has been held in one country: the United States. It has been held in two U.S. states and once in Puerto Rico, where every event has been held in an indoor arena. Each event showed professional wrestlers from WWE competing in various professional wrestling match types. Since the first event, three championship matches have taken place in the main event.

New Year's Revolution was removed from the WWE schedule when they removed more PPVs per year. Currently, the only PPV run by the WWE in January is the Royal Rumble.

Bash at the Beach

Bash at the Beach was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW). It was the company's PPV for the month of July, held from 1994 to 2000.

Sea eagle

The sea eagle is any bird of prey in the genus Haliaeetus. Obviously, they eat fish. They are also called ernes or erns.


Bank of Korea Museum

Bank of Korea Museum is an economics and numismatics museum in Seoul opened by the Bank of Korea in 2001. The building was built in 1912. 


Megatherium

Megatherium was a huge, bulky, slow-moving mammal that lived during the Pleistocene epoch in South America. It went extinct about 11,000 years ago. This ice-age mammal was the largest of the ground sloths; Megatherium's name means "great beast." Megatherium was named by paleontologist Richard Owen in 1856; the first Megatherium fossil was found in Argentina in 1789.

Éclair

An éclair is a long, thin pastry that is filled with a cream and topped with icing. The icing is often of chocolate, but it can also be caramel or taste like Turkish coffee.

Its name comes from the French word for "lightning".

Eggs Benedict

Eggs Benedict is a dish usually served at breakfast. It starts with a lightly toasted English muffin. The muffin is topped with cooked bacon or Canadian bacon, and poached eggs. The dish is completed with a small amount of hollandaise sauce. Many variations on the dish exist. There are several stories about the origin of Eggs Benedict.

There are several stories about how Eggs Benedict started.

There have been many “Benedicts” who have tried to claim credit for the invention of the dish, but they are all frauds. A “benedict” was slang for a newly married gent who had been single for a very long time. Many of these"benedict" did not take well to married life and often sought refuge of strange beds and bedfellows. It is for them that the dish was named.

In an interview in "The New Yorker" magazine in 1942, Lemuel Benedict, a retired Wall Street stock broker, said that he had wandered into the Waldorf Hotel in 1894 and, hoping to find a cure for his morning hangover, ordered "buttered toast, poached eggs, crisp bacon and a hooker of hollandaise." Oscar Tschirky, the "maître d'hôtel", was so impressed with the dish that he put it on the breakfast and luncheon menus but substituted ham and a toasted English muffin for the bacon and toast.

Craig Claiborne, in September 1967, wrote a column in "The New York Times Magazine" about a letter he had received from Edward P. Montgomery, an American living in France. In it, Montgomery related that the dish was created by Commodore E.C. Benedict, a banker and yachtsman, who died in 1920 at the age of 86. Montgomery also included a recipe for eggs Benedict, stating that the recipe had been given to him by his mother, who had received it from her brother, who was a friend of the Commodore.

Mabel C. Butler of Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts in a November 1967 letter printed in "The New York Times Magazine" responded to Montgomery's claim by correcting that the "true story, well known to the relations of Mrs. Le Grand Benedict", of whom she was one, was:

Dates given refer to date of publication.

1898—In "Eggs, and how to use them", a recipe for eggs Benedict is given as "split and toast some small muffins; put on each a nice round slice of broiled ham, and on the ham the poached egg; pour over some Hollandaise sauce"

1900—In "The Connecticut Magazine: an Illustrated Monthly, Volume VI", a recipe for eggs Benedict is given as "A third variety is called Eggs Benedict. Broil a thin slice of cold-boiled ham cut the size of a small baker's loaf; toast a slice of bread, butter it and moisten with a little water; lay the ham on it and on that a poached egg. Serve individually."

1907—In "Many Ways for Cooking Eggs", a recipe for eggs Benedict is given that starts with the muffins. Unlike yeast leavened English muffins, the recipe muffins use baking powder and beaten egg whites for leavening; however, they are still baked on a griddle in muffin rings. The remainder of the recipe reads "Broil thin slices of ham. Make a sauce Hollandaise. Chop a truffle. Poach the required number of eggs. Dish the muffins, put a square of ham on each, then a poached egg and cover each egg nicely with sauce Hollandaise. Dust with truffle and serve at once."

1914—In the 1914 printing of "The Neighborhood Cook Book", a recipe for eggs Benedict is given as "Place a slightly fried piece of ham on a piece of toast, place poached egg on ham, and pour over all a Hollandaise sauce."

1918—In the 1918 printing of the "Boston Cooking-School Cook Book", a recipe for Eggs à la Benedict is given as "Split and toast English muffins. Sauté circular pieces of cold boiled ham, place these over the halves of muffins, arrange on each a dropped egg, and pour around Hollandaise Sauce II, diluted with cream to make of such consistency to pour easily."

1919—In "The Hotel St. Francis Cook Book", a recipe for eggs Benedict is given as "Cut an English muffin in two, toast, and put on platter. Put a slice of broiled ham on top of each half, a poached egg on top of the ham, cover all with Hollandaise, and lay a slice of truffle on top of the sauce."

1938—An advertisement for "Haill Hayden's Hollandaise"—a bottled hollandaise sold in a 6-ounce jar for 50¢—runs in "The New York Times". "Here is a sauce such as no man has had before. On tasting it, great chefs have broken their egg-beaters over their knees and wept in jealousy! It is made of butter fragrant from timothy and alfalfa, eggs to which their mothers are still clucking at this hour, lemon and pungent spices! It is not profaned with a drop of oil or any substitutes. Serve it over cauliflower, artichokes, lettuce, eggs Benedict, fish, singing 'Broccoli, Broccoli,' as you eat".

1942—In an interview in "The New Yorker", Lemuel Benedict claims to have originated the dish with an order at the Waldorf Hotel, hoping for a hangover cure.

1967—Craig Claiborne writes in "The New York Times Magazine" that Edward P. Montgomery wrote him a letter to say that eggs Benedict originated with Commodore E.C. Benedict.

1967—In a letter printed in "The New York Times Magazine", Mabel C. Butler responds to Montgomery's claim by stating that Mrs. Le Grand Benedict originated the dish with an order at Delmonico's.

1978—In the Neil Simon comedy film California Suite, Maggie Smith, who won best supporting actress award, laments that she cannot get Eggs Benedict late at night, staying in the exclusive 5 star hotel she is in, playing in fact, an academy award losing actress as a part.

Later editions of Charles Ranhofer’s cookbook "The Epicurean" contain a recipe for “Eggs à la Benedick”; however, the recipe is not present in the original 1894 edition. Save for a hiatus from 1876 to 1879, Charles Ranhofer was the chef at Delmonico's from 1862 till his retirement in 1896.


Hideki Sahara

Hideki Sahara (born 15 May 1978) is a Japanse football player. He plays for Kawasaki Frontale.

168||5||15||1||23||0||2||0||208||6
168||5||15||1||23||0||2||0||208||6


Takahisa Nishiyama

Takahisa Nishiyama (born 11 July 1985) is a Japanese football player.

24||0||1||0||2||0||1||1||28||1
24||0||1||0||2||0||1||1||28||1

Takeshi Urakami

Takeshi Urakami (born 7 February 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

182||0||15||0||21||0||218||0
182||0||15||0||21||0||218||0

Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)

Airdrieonians F.C. was a football club which played in Scotland.

Hulk (footballer)

Hulk (full name Givanildo Vieira de Souza; born 25 July 1986) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Atletico Mineiro.

2||0||||||||||||||2||0
102||70||5||3||4||1||colspan="2"|-||111||74
25||8||||||||||||||25||8
129||78||5||3||4||1||0||0||138||82

!Total||2||0

Hiroyuki Kobayashi

Hiroyuki Kobayashi (born 18 April 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Oita Trinita.

68||1||8||0||13||1||89||2
68||1||8||0||13||1||89||2

Yoshiro Moriyama

Moriyama was born in Kumamoto on November 9, 1967. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined Mazda (later "Sanfrecce Hiroshima") in 1991. The club won the 2nd place in J1 League and 1995 Emperor's Cup. He played 97 matches until 1995. He moved to Yokohama Flügels in 1996. He played 53 matches in 2 seasons. In 1998, he moved to Júbilo Iwata. However he could hardly play in the match. In 1999, he moved to Bellmare Hiratsuka. He retired end of 1999 season.

On July 8, 1994, Moriyama debuted for the Japan national team against Ghana. He was also selected Japan for 1994 Asian Games and played all matches. He played 7 games for Japan in 1994.

168||5||11||0||33||2||212||7
168||5||11||0||33||2||212||7

!Total||7||0

Defensor Sporting

Defensor Sporting Club is a football club which plays in Uruguay.

The club formed from a merger of two football clubs ; Club Atlético Defensor and Sporting Club Uruguay in 1989.

Kazuyori Mochizuki

Kazuyori Mochizuki (born 20 November 1961) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Kota Aoki

Kota Aoki (born 27 April 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba.

66||10||2||0||5||0||73||10
66||10||2||0||5||0||73||10

Ayr United F.C.

Ayr United F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

The club formed from a merger of two football clubs, Ayr F.C. and Ayr Parkhouse F.C., in 1910.

Encyclopaedia Hebraica

The Encyclopaedia Hebraica () is an encyclopedia in Hebrew. It was started in 1948.

The encyclopedia was published by Bracha Peli who had already created another encyclopedia. The man in charge was her son who was named Alexander.

A committee decided the aims of the encyclopedia in 1944. Printing of the first part began in 1948. This was the year that Israel became a country. The president of the encyclopedia project was also the President of Israel, Professor Chaim Weizmann. The first photograph in the encyclopaedia was of Israel's Declaration of Independence.

The first volume covered the entries for the letter "Aleph" (א) to Australia.

The introduction said:

... we will finish publishing all 16 volumes within five or six years...
The writing took more than thirty years. The encyclopedia had thirty-two volumes when it was finished. An Index (publishing)|index was not printed until 1985. In 1995 there were large updates of entries dealing with the State of Israel.

The supervisor was always Alexander Plai. Its editors were Joseph Klausner, Benzion Netanyahu, Yeshayahu Leibowitz, Nathan Rotenstreich, Yehoshua Gutman, and Joshua Prawer. More than 2500 people wrote the encyclopedia.

Some people felt it was very important to be included in the encyclopedia. They would ask the editors to make sure they had an article about them. Other articles caused arguments e.g. Adolf Hitler.

The Schocken Publishing House has been working on a new edition of the encyclopedia.

The "Encyclopaedia Hebraica" said it was about "General, Jewish, and Israeli" ideas. The encyclopaedia covers all the general topics, but the articles were larger on Judaism, Jews, and Israel. The encyclopaedia includes the Jewishness of the person, even when it is not important.

Articles on countries and cities include their history and then a Jewish history. For places which were under Nazi rule an account is given of the Jewish people during the Holocaust.

Writers of the encyclopaedia did not hide their Jewish views. The Kingdom of Jordan was not in the first edition. Instead Jordan was included in the article "Land of Israel,".

The letter Aleph contains the largest number of articles. The longest article is "Land of Israel" which takes all of volume 6.
Next in size is "United States of America". The large size of the aleph articles reflects the enthusiasm of the early editors. It became clear that the encyclopaedia would never come to an end. The plan was changed. The final size of the encyclopaedia was smaller than planned.

The woman who owned it was Bracha Peli. She died in 1986. In 1997 the encyclopedia was sold to another company.

Milkweed

The milkweeds, Asclepias (L. 1753), are a genus of herbaceous perennial, dicotyledonous plants that contains over 140 known species.

Milkweeds are an important nectar source for bees and other nectar eaters, and a food source for caterpillars. The weeds are eaten by caterpillars of the monarch butterfly and its relatives, and by other herbivorous insects (such as beetles, and true bugs). These insects are able to feed on the plants despite their chemical defences. Milkweed is named after its milky sap, which contains alkaloids, latex, and several other complex compounds. Some species are toxic.

Pollination in this genus is accomplished in an unusual manner, as the pollen is grouped into pollen sacs. The feet or mouthparts of flower visiting insects such as bees, wasps and butterflies, slip into one of the five slits in each flower formed by adjacent anthers. The bases of the pollinia then mechanically attach to the insect, pulling a pair of pollen sacs free when the pollinator flies off. Pollination is effected by the reverse procedure in which one of the pollinia becomes trapped within the anther slit.

Milkweeds have three defenses to limit damage by caterpillars and other insects: hairs on the leaves, toxins, and latex fluids. Some more recent milkweed species grow faster than older species. They have the potential to grow faster than caterpillars can eat them. Caterpillars which eat milkweeds, and their adult butterflies, may be protected by the foul taste of the milkweed chemicals. Such butterflies and caterpillars usually show warning colors (see mimicry#warning coloration).


Chaim Weizmann

Chaim Azriel Weizmann (27 November 1874 in Motal, Belarus – 9 November 1952 in Jerusalem) was the first President of Israel.

Weizmann came to the University of Manchester in 1904, where he lectured on chemistry. During World War I, the British forces needed to increase the production of artillery shells. The production was limited by a shortage of acetone, needed to produce cordite. Cordite was used to propel (fire) shells and bullets to their targets. Weizmann developed a production of acetone from the anaerobic fermentation of maize and horse chestnuts by bacteria. As a result, the production of shells rose from 500,000 in the first five months of the war to 16.4 million in 1915.

Weizmann was President of Israel from 1948, and he died in 1952. He had worked for years to get agreement for the Israel.

Natural History Museum

The Natural History Museum (NHM) is a museum in London. It is the largest natural history museum in Britain. It includes the nation's main collections of specimens of life, rocks and minerals. The museum employs scientific staff, conducts research, stores specimens, and manages the public galleries.

The NHM is one of the four large institutions on Exhibition Road in South Kensington, London. The others are the Science Museum, the Victoria and Albert Museum and Imperial College London.

The NHM was at first a department of the famous British Museum. When the present NHM building was opened in 1881, it was then called the "British Museum (Natural History)" or BMNH. Its head reported to the Director of the British Museum. Not until 1963 did the NHM become fully independent, with its own Board of Trustees, and not until 1992 was it permitted to use its present name.

In 1986, the museum absorbed the adjacent Geological Museum of the British Geological Survey, which is to just to the north of the NHM. The museum's galleries were completely rebuilt and relaunched in 1996 as "The Earth Galleries", with the exhibitions in the Waterhouse building retitled "The Life Galleries". The Natural History Museum's own Mineralogy displays remain largely unchanged as an example of the 19th-century display techniques of the Waterhouse building.

The newly developed "Darwin Centre" (named after Charles Darwin) is designed as a new home for the museum's collection of tens of millions of preserved specimens, and new work spaces for the museum's scientific staff. Built in two phases, with two new buildings adjacent to the main Waterhouse building, it is the most important new project in the museum's history.

The museum employs 300 scientific staff, and has huge collections of fossils, rocks and minerals, as well as the preserved specimens of present-day plants and animals. There are over 70 million specimens in the collections. Data bases of the collections are being developed.


Bracha Peli

Bracha Peli (1892-1986) was the owner of the "Massada Publishing house" in Israel. Massada or Massadah published the six volumes of "The General Encyclopedia" in Israel. She and her son then started the "Encyclopaedia Hebraica". She starting the Annual "Hebrew Book Week" in 1926.

Bronya Kutzenok was born in what is now the Ukraine in a small village called Starovitzky. Her family were Hasidic Jews. She changed her surname when she married a man called Meir. They changed their surname again in Israel to Peli. In the Ukraine she started a school that had 400 children in one year. Bronya and Meir left the Ukraine in 1921 and went to Tel Aviv in Mandatory Palestine.
In Tel Aviv, Peli was the owner of the "Massada Publishing house". She published the six volumes of "The General Encyclopedia" in Israel. She and her son then started the "Encyclopaedia Hebraica". The new books were written in the Hebrew language. She starting the Annual "Hebrew Book Week" in 1926. The new encyclopedia was not finished until 1980.

San Francisco de Macorís

The Dominican city of San Francisco de Macorís is the head municipality of the Duarte province, on the northeast of the country.

It is located on the eastern part of the Cibao Valley; it is the largest city of the Dominican northeast and it is the centre of the region.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 149,508: 73,705 men and 75,803 women. The urban population was of the total population, one of the most urban municipality in the country.

When the country was a Spanish colony, the region where the city is now was known as the "Partido de Macorís" ("partido" was an old Spanish subdivision like a municipality). It had the name of "Macorís" because on the mountains to the north of the area lived native people named "Macorís" or "Macorix", different from the Taínos.

Those people that were living here founded, on 20 September 1778, the town in a place called "El Rincón de San Francisco" and, for that reason, they gave to the new town the name that it has now: San Francisco de Macorís, that in English would be "St. Francis of Macoris".

San Francisco de Macorís was part of La Vega province until 1885 when it became a municipality of the Espaillat province. With the creation of the Duarte province, San Francisco de Macorís became its head municipality, like the capital city, of the new province.

San Francisco de Macorís has a total area of . It has four municipal districts (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality). These are Cenoví, Jaya, La Peña and Presidente Don Antonio Guzmán Fernández.

San Francisco de Macorís is at to the northwest of Santo Domingo, in the "Cibao Oriental" (in English, "Eastern Cibao"), the eastern part of the Cibao Valley. Most of the municipality is in the valley but the northern part of it is on the "Cordillera Septentrional" (in English, "Northern mountain range"); the mountains here are not very high. The altitude of the city of San Francisco de Macorís is above sea level.

The municipality has the María Trinidad Sánchez province to the north and east, the municipality of Las Guáranas to the south, the La Vega province to the southwest, the Hermanas Mirabal province to the west and the Espaillat province to the northwest.

Rivers here are short with their sources in the Cordillera Septentrional; they are tributaries of the River Camú, a tributary of the River Yuna that flows to the Samaná Bay. The most important river in the municipality is the River Jaya, that flows to the west of the city; San Francisco de Macorís is also known as "The City of the Jaya" because of this small river.

San Francisco de Macorís has a tropical wet climate (Köppen climate classification : Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by November with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is March with an average of and the second is February with .

San Francisco de Macorís is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of San Francisco de Macorís has four municipal districts:

Even if there are some industries in the city, the most important economic activity is farming. Coffee, cacao, rice and plantain are the most important crops.

Cattle raising is also very important. with an important production of milk.

2008 Pacific hurricane season

The 2008 Pacific hurricane season started on May 15, 2008, and ended November 30, 2008. 2008 was close to average with 17 storms, and 7 of those became hurricanes.

On April 22, 2009, the name Alma was retired. In 2016 the name Amanda will be used instead of Alma.

Hurricane Juan

Hurricane Juan was a category 2 hurricane that hit Halifax and the Nova Scotia area on September 29, 2003, just after midnight. It caused hundreds of people to have to evacuate their homes as part of a local state of emergency, and there were hurricane warnings issued for the people of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island.

Hurricane Juan started out as a Tropical Depression near Bermuda. Around 6 hours later it was upgraded to a Tropical Storm. 18 hours after that, it became what we know as the devastating Hurricane Juan. 

The cause of the hurricane was the temperature of the Atlantic Ocean. Normally, the cool waters of the Atlantic Ocean cause hurricanes to dissipate as they head north, but that day, the water had been 3°C warmer than the average temperature, causing the hurricane to instead, speed up and accelerate, which caused it to hit Halifax and other parts of Nova Scotia with unusually strong gusts of wind reaching over 188 km/h, heavy rain, flying debris, and surf.

Hurricane Juan killed eight people (directly and indirectly), left over $200 million in damages, and had 800,000 - 900,000 people without power for just under 2 weeks (13 and a half days). Point Pleasant Park lost roughly 70% of its trees due to the strong wind gusts that swept them away. 

Because of the damage that Juan caused, the name was retired. It was the first time Canada had put in a request to retire a storm name. In the 2009 storm season, Juan was replaced with Joaquin. 
https://novascotia.ca/natr/forestry/programs/ecosystems/juan/#:~:text=The%20Category%202%20hurricane%20hit,sustained%20gusts%20of%20185%20kmph.

https://www.nbcnews.com/id/wbna3088270

https://www.ec.gc.ca/ouragans-hurricanes/default.asp?lang=en&n=B1A7B85A-1

https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/nova-scotia/hurricane-juan-remembered-as-violent-destructive-storm-1.1871225

https://globalnews.ca/news/3776504/a-look-back-at-hurricane-juan-14-years-after-it-tore-through-atlantic-canada/

Edaphosaurus

Edaphosaurus was a pelycosaur (early Synapsida) that lived during the later Carboniferous and early Permian. It was a herbivorous relative of the well-known "Dimetrodon". Both had a large, thermal regulating sail on the back. Fossils of
"Edaphosaurus" have been found in Europe and North America. 

"Edaphosaurus" species measured from to almost in length and weighed over 300 kilograms (660 lb). It was slightly taller and stockier than "Dimetrodon", but like its pelycosaur relatives had a small head and a long tail.

The head of "Edaphosaurus" was rather small for its body size. The deep lower jaw likely had powerful muscles and the teeth along the front and sides of its jaws could crop bite-sized pieces from tough plants. 

The roof of the mouth and the inside of the lower jaw had batteries of peglike teeth. They were a crushing and grinding surface. Early descriptions suggested that "Edaphosaurus" fed on molluscs, which it crushed with its teeth plates. However, paleontologists now think that "Edaphosaurus" ate plants. Lack of wear on the teeth suggests "limited processing of food". Earlier members of the Edaphosauridae lacked tooth plates, and ate insects.

Declan Galbraith

Declan John Galbraith (born 19 December 1991, Hoo St Werburgh, Kent) is an English singer. He is best known for his 2002 hit single, "Tell Me Why". Some of his other songs include "An Angel" and "Ego You".




Maximilian I

Maximilian I may refer to:

Dettmar Cramer

Dettmar Cramer (4 April 1925 – 17 September 2015) was a former German football manager. He coached Bayern Munich. He led them to the 1975 and 1976 European Cups. He was born in Dortmund.

Cramer died at the age of 90 at his home in Reit im Winkl, Germany.

Atsushi Mio

Atsushi Mio (born 26 January 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

179||13||8||1||4||0||193||14
179||13||8||1||4||0||193||14

Daisuke Hoshi

Daisuke Hoshi (born 10 December 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Machida Zelvia.

160||20||10||1||7||0||177||21
160||20||10||1||7||0||177||21

Havelian

Havelian is a city in Pakistan. It is in Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. The city is also part of a railway route.


Swabia

Swabia can mean:


Dassu

Dassu, also spelt Dusso, is a town in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is the capital of Upper Kohistan District. It has a height of 2440 metres (8008 feet) above sea level. The area has many gemstones.

Brian Labone

Brian Labone (23 January 1940 – 24 April 2006) is a former English football player. He has played for England national team.

451||2
451||2

!Total||26||0

Keiji Yoshimura

Keiji Yoshimura (born 8 August 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight.

165||4||20||5||32||2||9||0||226||11
165||4||20||5||32||2||9||0||226||11


Rodrigo Gral

Rodrigo Gral (born 21 February 1977) is a Brazilian football player.

90||45||10||7||26||9||7||5||133||66
90||45||10||7||26||9||7||5||133||66

Andradina (footballer)

Edi Carlo Dias Marçal also known as Andradina (born 13 September 1974) is a Brazilian football manager and former player who played as a striker. He currently manages regional league side KP Piła.


East Stirlingshire F.C.

East Stirlingshire F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland. They played in the Scottish Football League until 2016.


Cláudio (footballer, born 1972)

Cláudio Luís Assunção de Freitas (born 31 March 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

67||13||4||2||10||1||81||16
67||13||4||2||10||1||81||16

Naoya Kikuchi

Kikuchi was born in Shizuoka on November 24, 1984. After graduating from Shimizu Commercial High School, he joined J1 League club Júbilo Iwata in 2003. In August 2005, he moved to Albirex Niigata on loan. In 2006, he returned to Iwata and became a regular player as defensive midfielder. However he was arrested and sacked in June 2007. After half year blank, he signed with German club Carl Zeiss Jena in 2008. In 2009, he returned to Japan and signed with Oita Trinita. He played many matches as defender. In 2011, he moved to Albirex Niigata. In July 2013, he moved to Sagan Tosu. In July 2016, he moved to Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo. In 2019, he moved to Avispa Fukuoka. He retired end of the 2019 season.

Kikuchi played for the U-17 Japan at 2001 U-17 World Cup, U-20 Japan at 2003 U-20 World Cup and U-23 Japan at 2004 Summer Olympics. In January 2010, he was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 6.

298||7||30||0||42||2||6||0||376||9
20||0||2||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||22||0
318||7||32||0||42||2||6||0||398||9

!Total||1||0

Arthurlie F.C.

Arthurlie F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Seiji Koga

Seiji Koga (born 7 August 1979) is a Japanese football player.

164||26||10||2||10||0||184||28
164||26||10||2||10||0||184||28

Takayuki Yoshida

Takayuki Yoshida (born 14 March 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

359||64||35||17||57||7||451||88
359||64||35||17||57||7||451||88

Rampla Juniors

Rampla Juniors F.C. is a football club which plays in Uruguay.

Raith Rovers F.C.

Raith Rovers F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Jorge Campos

Jorge Campos (born 15 October 1966) is a former Mexican football player. He has played for Mexico national team.

382||34
51||0
433||34

!Total||130||0

Emmanuel Adebayor

Emmanuel Adebayor (born 26 February 1984) is a Togolese football player. He currently plays for English Premier League club Crystal Palace and Togo national team.

Monaco

Arsenal

Real Madrid

Crystal Palace

Togo

Individual

Jan Wouters

Jan Wouters (born 17 July 1960) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

!Total||70||4

Utrecht

Ajax

Bayern Munich

PSV

Netherlands

Individual

C.A. Bella Vista

C.A. Bella Vista is a football club which plays in Uruguay.

Albion Rovers F.C.

Albion Rovers F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Bispham, Blackpool

Bispham is a village roughly one-and-a-half miles north of Blackpool town centre on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire, England. 

Xevious

Xevious is a video game from Namco. It was first made available in 1982, and was available in arcades.

The game was released on many other video game systems, including:

Niederraunau

Niederraunau is a quarter of the town Krumbach in Günzburg (district), Swabia, Bavaria, Germany.

Niederraunau (Elevation 518 m) is in the valley of the little river Kammel two kilometres south of Krumbach in the natural region Lower Iller-Lech Gravel Plateau. The hills between the valleys of Kammel and the neighboring valleys of Günz and Mindel are covered with wood in parts. Niederraunau has a station at the Mittelschwaben Railway and it is at the Bundesstraße 16.

between 1100 and 1200: Niederraunau was founded<br>
1494-95:the village got the right to hold a market<br>
1613: the place got a coat of arms<br>
1978: since this year Niederraunau is a quarter of the town Krumbach; before this time the village was an own municipality;


Buffon

Buffon could mean:

Transverse wave

A transverse wave is a moving wave that is made up of oscillations happening perpendicular to the direction of energy transfer. 

It can also mean that it is a wave that causes the medium to vibrate amazingly 
\ at right angles perpendicular to the direction in which they travel parallel to each other.

 
Serbian Wikipedia

The Serbian Wikipedia is the Serbian-language edition of Wikipedia. This version was started on February 16, 2003.

It is the 28th largest edition.

It has over 325,000 articles.

Mesonychid

Mesonychids were the first mammalian carnivores after the extinction of the dinosaurs.

These "wolves on hooves" are an extinct order of carnivorous mammals, closely related to artiodactyls.

Mesonychids first appeared in the early Palaeocene with the genus "Dissacus". They went in decline at the end of the Eocene, and became extinct in the early Oligocene.

At the start of the Palaeocene, there were (so far as we know) no large carnivores on land. The surviving mammals and birds evolved into many of the ecological niches previously occupied by dinosaurs and pterosaurs. This process is called adaptive radiation. The mesonychids were the first group to become larger carnivores.

They soon had competition. By the later Palaeocene there were several other groups of land carnivores. The giant flightless bird "Gastornis" appeared in the Upper Palaeocene, and the Creodonts had also evolved. The Creodonts became an important order, and would certainly have been serious competitors of the mesonychids.

Most important of all, the modern order Carnivora became significant in the Eocene. They were a sister group to the mesonychids, and started as small forms in the Palaeocene. Once they increased in size they would have been direct competitors of the mesonychids.

The broken-up Gondwana gave rise to southern continents which the early placental mammals could not get to. Africa and India eventually bumped into Eurasia, and South America sometimes had land connection to North America. All this lead to 'faunal interchange'. Australasia developed its own carnivores, which became extinct only in modern times.

Large size was common. The famous "Andrewsarchus" had a skull a metre long, which is much larger than that of the modern Kodiak bear.

Mesonychid teeth consisted of molars which were laterally compressed and often blunt and were probably used for shearing meat or crushing bones. Many species are suspected of being fish-eaters, and the largest species may have been scavengers.

Andrewsarchus

Andrewsarchus mongoliensis (Andrews + Greek ἀρχός, "ruler"), was a predatory artiodactyl, closely related to entelodonts, hippos,whales and Mesonychids

"Andrewsarchus" lived during the Eocene, about 45 to 36 million years ago. Because "Andrewsarchus" is only known from a skull and a few other bones, the animal's full appearance is unknown, but based on what is known of it and its relatives, it was most likely a stocky hoofed entelodont-like animal. It had a long snout with large, sharp teeth and flat cheek teeth that may have been used to crush bones. Because Andrewsarchus is only known from a skull and a few other bones, whether it was an active predator or merely a large scavenger is open to debate, as is its exact time range. 

Eurolang

Eurolang is an international planned language created by Philip Hunt between 1995 and 1998 in order to be a language for the European Union. The author stated as a principle of the design that the language should be very easy to learn for Europeans. In contrast with other languages like Esperanto, Eurolang includes many words directly borrowed from English.

At present there's no known community of active speakers of Eurolang. The website of the author in which he described the language has disappeared from the net.

"Eurolang est actifacta lang, qui me creatab estar comuna 2a lang per la Europa Unized (EU). Its word-list est baseda super England-lang, Deutsh-lang, France-lang, Italia-lang, Espanja-lang et Latin. Me desinab it estar facila lernar et usar."

"Detail est, que lernabera Europa person, qui deja sav un or plus un de da langs, probablae pos lectar Eurolang (no tropa usation de dictionary), si ge est lernabera it per 2 days. Evidentae, facation it est plus unfacila rel lection it."


Molar conductivity

Molar conductivity is a scientific term. The molar conductivity of an electrolyte is a measure of how well it conducts electricity in solution. It is calculated by dividing the conductivity (how well the electrolyte conducts electricity) by the molar concentration (how much the electrolyte is diluted: a solution means that it has been dissolved in something else: see solution). In short, Molar conductivity increases with the decrease in concentration. It is measured in siemens metre per molarity (S m mol). The symbol for molar conductivity is Λ, or Λm.

Mingora

Mingora is the largest city in Swat District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It lies on the banks of River Swat about 2 km from Saidu Sharif, the capital of Swat.

In 1998 the population of Mingora was about 175,000. The city was once a major tourist destination and was described by Queen Elizabeth as the "Switzerland" of the former British Empire.

However because of the Taliban, tourism has suffered due to fighting between the Taliban and the government. In March 2009 the city came under Taliban rule due to a peace agreement with the government. But the agreement was soon broken and in May 2009 the government were fighting with the Taliban to end their occupation of the city.


Katsuyoshi Shinto

Shinto was born in Hiroshima on September 15, 1960. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined his local club Mazda which played in Japan Soccer League in 1983. He moved to Mitsubishi Motors (later "Urawa Reds") in 1990. He played as regular player. In 1992, founded new league J1 League. However, he lost the opportunity to play in the match. In 1993, he moved to Japan Football League club Fujita Industries (later "Bellmare Hiratsuka"). The club won the champions in 1993 and was promoted to J1 League. The club won 1994 Emperor's Cup and 1995 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. He retired in 1995.

On May 27, 1987, Shinto debuted for the Japan national team against Senegal. He played at 1988 Summer Olympics qualification, 1990 World Cup qualification and 1990 Asian Games. He played 15 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1990.

After retirement, Shinto started coaching career at Bellmare Hiratsuka in 1996. In 1999, he moved to Toho Titanium. In 2001, he signed with Yokohama FC and became a manager. In 2002 season, the club finished at the bottom place and he resigned end of the season.

101||3||3||0||5||1||109||4
101||3||3||0||5||1||109||4

!Total||15||1

Gaël Clichy

Gaël Clichy (born 26 July 1985) is a French football player. He plays for Arsenal and France national team.

15||0||||||||||||||15||0
130||1||15||0||8||0||37||0||190||1
145||1||15||0||8||0||37||0||205||1

!Total||3||0

George Yonashiro

Yonashiro was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 28, 1950. He joined Japan Soccer League Division 2 club Yomiuri in 1972. The club was promoted to Division 1 in 1978. In 1979, the club won first title JSL Cup. The club won the league champions in 1983 and 1984. The club also won 1984 Emperor's Cup and 1985 JSL Cup. He retired in 1986. He played 239 games and scored 93 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven 5 times.

In January 1985, Yonashiro obtained his Japanese citizenship. In October, when he was 34 years old, he was selected the Japan national team for 1986 World Cup qualification. At this competition, on October 26, he debuted against South Korea. He played 2 games for Japan in 1985.

After retirement, Yonashiro became a manager for Yomiuri in 1986. He led the club to won 1986/87 Japan Soccer League. The club also won 1986 and 1987 Emperor's Cup. In Asia, the club won 1987 Asian Club Championship. He resigned in 1990. In September 1994, he became a manager for Kyoto Purple Sanga as Seishiro Shimatani successor. In June 1996, he became a manager for Kyoto Purple Sanga again as Oscar Bernardi successor. In 2004, he signed with Prefectural Leagues club FC Ryukyu. He promoted the club to Regional Leagues in 2005 and Japan Football League (JFL) in 2006. In 2007, he moved to Regional Leagues club Giravanz Kitakyushu. He promoted the club to JFL in 2008 and J2 League in 2010. He resigned end of 2010 season. In 2013, he signed with JFL club Blaublitz Akita. He promoted the club to new league J3 League in 2014. He resigned end of 2014 season.

239||92||29||11||29||6||297||109
239||92||29||11||29||6||297||109

!Total||2||0

Brain cell

Brain cells are a group of cells that includes neurons and glial cells. The neurons perform the tasks, and the glial cells look after the neurons. Current research suggests that glia have a more complex function than just supporting neurons, some new functions have been identified. A child over 3 years old has over 1,000 trillion synapses.

Texas blind snake

The Texas blind snake is a snake most commonly found in the state of Texas. It is a worm-like snake. They are 5-8 inches long.

Snake worship

Snake worship is the worshipping of snakes. The worshipping of snakes occurs in many ancient cultures. In religion and mythology, snakes were often seen as images of strength, or of renewal.

In Hindu mythology, the snake (or Naga) represents rebirth, death and mortality, as the snake sheds its skin and becomes (symbolically) re-born.

There are many snakes in Greek mythology - some myths feature a snake called "ophion" as one of the original rulers of the world.

The snake is to be considered "the god of good" by the Gnostics.

Glass lizard

Glass lizards, or glass snakes, are a genus of reptiles that look like snakes. Although most species have no legs, their head shapes, movable eyelids, and external ear openings show they are lizards. A few species have very small, stub-like legs near their rear vent (cloaca). These are vestigial organs. 

Most described species are native to Asia, a few occur in North America, and at least one can be found in North Africa.

Like many lizards, they have the ability to drop off part of the tail when attacked. It can break into several pieces, like glass. The tail stays mobile, distracting the predator, while the lizard keeps still. 

Tequesta, Florida

Tequesta is a village of Palm Beach County, Florida in the United States. In 2020 6,158 people lived in Tequesta. Tequesta is the northern most city in Palm Beach County, Florida.


Jupiter Inlet Colony, Florida

Jupiter Inlet Colony is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 405 people lived there.

Juno Beach, Florida

Juno Beach is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 3,858 people lived there. Juno Beach is home to the headquarters of Florida Power & Light.


North Palm Beach, Florida

North Palm Beach is an incorporated village in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 13,162 people lived there.


Lake Park, Florida

Lake Park is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 9,047 people lived there.


Palm Beach Shores, Florida

Palm Beach Shores is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 1,330 people lived there.

Mangonia Park, Florida

Mangonia Park is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. It is a part of Uptown West Palm, which also includes Riviera Beach & West Palm Beach. As of 2020, 2,142 people lived there.

Palm Beach, Florida

The Town of Palm Beach is an incorporated town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The Intracoastal Waterway separates it from the cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth. As of 2020, 9,245 people lived there.

Palm Beach began as a resort town when Henry Morrison Flagler, a founder of Standard Oil, built the Florida East Coast Railway down the coast of Florida. In the center of the community, Flagler built two luxury resort hotels, the Royal Poinciana Hotel and The Breakers Hotel. West Palm Beach was built across Lake Worth as a service town, and is now a major city.

Flagler's land for houses was bought by people active in the Gilded Age, and in 1902 Flagler himself built a Beaux-Arts mansion named Whitehall, designed by the New York–based firm Carrère and Hastings and helped start the Palm Beach winter "season" by entertaining visitors. The town was incorporated on April 17, 1911.

An area known as the Styx housed many of the servants, most of whom were black. The workers rented their small houses from the landowners. In the early 1900s the land owners agreed to evict all of the residents of the Styx (who moved to West Palm Beach) and Edward R. Bradley bought up much of this land.

Haverhill, Florida

Haverhill is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 2,187 people lived there.

Glen Ridge, Florida

Glen Ridge is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 217 people lived there.

Cloud Lake, Florida

Cloud Lake is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. 134 people lived there in 2020.

Palm Springs, Florida

Palm Springs is a village of Florida in the United States. As of 2020, 26,890 people lived there.

Homosociality

Homosociality is a term used in sociology, which describes a same-sex relationship which is not romantic or sexual in nature. These relationships might be called friendships, mentorships, or other. Heterosociality is the opposite. It means that one prefers socializing with members of the opposite sex without bringing romance or sex into the relationship. Eve Sedgwick made the term popular in her discussion of male homosocial desire, but Jean Lipman-Blumen had defined homosociality in 1976 as a preference for members of one's own sex.

For example, a close relationship between two men (such as George and Lennie in "Of Mice and Men" (and indeed most of the characters in that book) would be a homosocial relationship. It can apply to single sex schools, prisons, monasteries, but also to simple friendships.

The relationship "can" be a sexual one, but a homosocial relationship can occur between homosexuals, heterosexuals or both.

It is often used to describe the all-male world of medieval knights, or sailors. While it can apply to both men or women, it is most commonly used to refer to men.

Rose surveyed males and females between the ages of 20 and 28. Rose asked men and women about how they felt about same and cross-sex friendships. Both men and women preferred same sex friendships. Both men and women said that cross-sex relationships were less helpful, and less loyal than same-sex friendships. Friendship formation was found to be different between cross-sex and same-sex relationships as well. 

Depending on the culture, and family and social stuctures, same-sex preferences have been found to develop between 3 and 9 years old. (LaFreniere, Strayer,& Gauthier, 1984; Jacklin& Maccoby, 1978; Harkness & Super, 1985) LaFreniere, Strayer, and Gauthier (1984) conducted a three year long study observing fifteen peer groups between the ages of 1 to 6 years old, with 98 boys and 93 girls. As they looked into sex-segregation in childhood, the researchers found that segregation rose with age and that most Western children exihibit these preferences around 3–4 years old. However, in a study by Harkenss and Super, Kenyan children did not have sex-preference in playmates until the ages of 6 to 9 years old. Researchers observed 152 Kenyan children in rural settings and found that this change didn’t occur until parental expectations and customary duties increased. “Just when and how such gender segration appears, is the joint product of the individual and the culturally constructed niche” (Harkness & Super, 1985).

The social bias towards members of one’s own sex can develop early in children. Specifically, studies have found that by the early age of 3 or 4, children prefer members of their own sex to members of the opposite sex (Bussey & Bandura, 1992). That is, young girls favor girls and women over boys and men. The findings are identical for young boys. Also, Carol Martin (1989) found that boys 4.5 years of age expressed significantly more dislike for a girl depicted as a “tomboy” than a boy depicted as a “sissy”; whereas boys 8.5 years of age express more dislike for a boy depicted as a “sissy”. This age difference suggests that children as young as 4 prefer their own sex regardless of gender-incongruent behavior. Around the age of 8 however, boys begin to show males—devaluing feminine behavior. It has also been shown that children ages 10–12 prefer same-sex socializing. That is, girls favored girls who socialized with other girls and boys liked boys who socialized with other boys.

Homosociality, by definition, implies neither heterosexuality nor homosexuality. For example, a heterosexual male who prefers to socialize with men may be considered a homosocial heterosexual. The term is often used by feminists to emphasize aspects of solidarity between males. Feminists also identify a close link between female homosociality, feminism and lesbian desire, with Audre Lorde stating "the true feminist deals out of a lesbian consciousness whether or not she ever sleeps with women."


1971 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1971 Atlantic hurricane season was from June 1, 1971 to November 30, 1971. The strongest storm of the season was Hurricane Edith which was a storm to remember from 1971.

This list is names set aside for 1971. Names that were not used are marked in . 

No names were retired in 1971.

Argument from nonbelief

The Argument from nonbelief is a philosophical argument that says that God probably does not exist. If God did exist, and wanted humans to know it, he would show himself, or make it otherwise clear to all that he existed. Since he has not yet done so, he probably does not exist.

A formal argument is as follows:

Nociceptive trigeminal inhibition tension suppression system

The nociceptive trigeminal inhibition tension suppression system (NTI-TSS or NTI-split) is a small splint placed in the front part of the mouth on the upper or lower front teeth in order to protect teeth. It reduces wear on the teeth caused by someone clenching and grinding their teeth. By reducing this, it is claimed to prevent headaches.

Ministry of National Defense (Romania)

The Ministry of National Defense () is one of the 19 ministries of the Government of Romania. The current Minister of Defense is Mihnea Motoc, who is a member of the Democratic Liberal Party.


United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs

The United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs is the head of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, the department in charge of taking care of the affairs of war veterans. The Secretary is a member of the Cabinet and second to last at 17th in the line of succession to the presidency (the position was last until the United States Department of Homeland Security was added in 2006). To date, all appointees and acting appointees to the post have been United States military veterans, but that is not a requirement to fill the position. 

When the position of Secretary is vacant, the United States Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs or another person picked by the President serves as Acting Secretary until the President picks and the United States Senate confirms a new Secretary.

 (2)
 (3)


Girls' Generation

Girls' Generation (Hangul: 소녀시대; Hanja: 少女時代) is a girl group made up of nine members that was formed by SM Entertainment in 2007. Girls' Generation members are Yoona, Tiffany, Yuri, Hyoyeon, Sooyoung, Seohyun, Taeyeon (who is the group's leader), and Sunny. Jessica was a member, but in 2014, she left the group. Fans usually call the group SNSD, which is a short-form of the group's Korean name, So Nyeo Shi Dae (or So Nyuh Shi Dae). Their fans are called "S♡NE" (소원), and is pronounced as "So-won", which means "wish" in Korean.

Current members
Past member

Each member of the group was trained in singing and dancing before their debut, while some others were trained in acting and modelling. Some girls had already appeared in television advertisements, music videos of other music groups and acted in dramas as well, before Girls' Generation started.

Girls' Generation first performed on M.net "M! Countdown" in July 2007. Even though their performances were never played on television, videos of their performances were posted on the Internet. The girls performed "Into the New World"(), which became their single. "M.Net's Girls Go To School" was filmed during this time, to show how the girls made their debut. The show ended after 9 episodes, when they finally appeared on another show, "School of Rock".

In August 2007, the single "Into the New World" was released. This single included two other songs, "Beginning" and "Perfect for You" (), later renamed as Honey for their debut album "Girls' Generation". An instrumental of "Into the New World" was also put in the album.

After the single was released, the group started to promote it. Girls' Generation performed their single on SBS's "Inkigayo", MBC's "Show! Music Core", and on KBS's "Music Bank".

After a short break, the group's first full album was released in late autumn 2007, with the lead single "Girls' Generation" (), a cover of Lee Seung-Chul ()'s hit song in the 1980s. Promotion for the single started in early November. "Girls' Generation" was became popular, and the album has sold 121,143 copies to date, placing 8th in the year-end charts. In early 2008, Girls' Generation began promoting their third single, "Kissing You". The music video featured Donghae from Super Junior. This song achieved the #1 spot in the three main TV music rankings—SBS "Inkigayo", M.net "M.Countdown!" and KBS "Music Bank".

In March 2008, the album was re-released and re-titled "Baby Baby". A third single, "Baby Baby", was used to promote the album. A digital EP featuring Jessica, Tiffany, and Seohyun was released on April 2008, titled "Roommate". The single from the mini-album is "Oppa Nappa" (, lit."Bad Brother", although contextually it refers to an older male friend).

Girls' Generation, along with fellow artists such as BoA, TVXQ, Super Junior, CSJH the Grace, Zhang Liyin, SHINee, and other SM artists participated in SM Town Live '08. The tour went on to South Korea, Thailand, and China.

In 2008, M.net announced that the group would be starring in a reality TV show called "Factory Girl", in which the girls work as interns at fashion megazine ""Elle"", writing articles for the magazine.

During their break from music, they appeared in many television advertisements for MapleStory and Mabinogi.

Later, it was announced that the group's first mini-album, "Gee", would be released in January 2009.
A teaser video was released in January 2009 and the first single "Gee" was released soon after. People became interested in the song rose after the digital release, and the song became #1 Cyworld's hourly music chart on the release day. The song also went #1 on all major digital music charts within two days.

The group began to promote the album in January 2009 on MBC "Show! Music Core". They sang their new single, "Gee", and "Him Nae/Way To Go", another track from the Gee mini-album. This song is a remake of the song "Haptic Motion" that was used in cellphone advertisements and is a mix of bubblegum pop and punk rock. However, the group did not appear on KBS's "Music Bank" with "Gee", even after winning #1 on the music chart show.
"Gee" is the record holder for the longest-running #1 on music portal M.net (for 8 weeks), surpassing the previous record of 6 weeks set by the Wonder Girls' "Nobody".
They also broke the record on KBS's music show "Music Bank" by being #1 for 9 consecutive weeks, previously set by Jewelry's "One More Time", which had 7 wins. They won the award for best-selling song for the first half of 2009 for "Gee". The group stopped promoting the song at the end of March 2009.

After a short break, SM Entertainment announced that the girls would be back with a new single and showing a "Marine Girl" concept; the song, titled "Sowoneul Malhaebwa (Genie)" (, lit. "Tell Me Your Wish"), the mini album was released digitally on June 22, 2009. The mini-album includes a duet between Jessica and Shinee member Onew called "One Year Later". During the group's promotion, the girls would be seen wearing marine uniforms as part of the album's concept.

On May 3, 2009, Girls Generation starred in their new reality show "SNSD Horror Movie factory", with the premier episode receiving a viewership rating of 3.3%. The show was then cancelled after 6 episodes due to low ratings from the public.

From June 23 to November 17, 2009, Girls' Generation starred in a Cable TV program called "Girls' Generation's Hello Baby" of KBS Joy, where they are taking care of a child and somewhat experience how motherhood is like. In that show, they take care of a boy name "Cho Kyungsan" (), and each week they (or fathers, male guests who come out from time to time) select "The Best Mom" and "the Worst Mom" among the members according to their work for the day. The show ended after 22 episodes.

On June 26, 2009, Girls' Generation's comeback performance was recorded on KBS's "Music Bank". The group then had their return performances on MBC's "Music Core" and SBS's "Inkigayo" on June 27 and 28, 2009. Girls' Generation's 2nd mini-album "Genie" was released on June 29, 2009.

"Sowoneul Malhaebwa (Genie)" won its first #1 spot at the July 10, 2009 episode of KBS "Music Bank". Their second award was claimed at the July 12, 2009 episode of SBS "Inkigayo". The group finished promotions for "Sowoneul Malhaebwa (Genie)" in August 2009.

On January 23, 2010, the group released a teaser of their new single "Oh!". This was a precursor to their upcoming album "Oh!", a full album to be released on 28 January, 2010. The concept of the new album channels cheerleading.

On March 17, 2010, a re-packaged version of the album was released, featuring a "Dark" concept for the girls. The lead single, entitled Run Devil Run, was released one day before its music video.

On August 25, the group held their first showcase in Tokyo Ariake Colliseum and on September 7th, Girls' Generation released their debut Japanese single, "GENIE", followed by "GEE" on October 20th.

On October 27, 2010, the girls released their third mini album, "Hoot" (훗). The music video for "Hoot" was released the next day, and on the 29th, they had their comeback performance on Music Bank.

By the end of the year, Girls' Generation had won various awards, including the prestigious "Disk Daesang Award" at the Golden Disk Awards. They became the first female group to win both the Daesang and Digital Daesang (which they won in 2009). At the "Melon Music Awards", Girls' Generation won Best Dressed Singer award, Hot Trend Song award for their latest song, "Hoot", as well as the Artist of the Year award. This was the 2nd year in a row that they won the Artist of the Year award. They also got first in the Hanteo annual Singer Award chart for 2010. Girls' Generation was also named "Artist of the Year" by Dosirak, Soribada, Korea Gallup, Hanteo and Sport Korea.

In January, Girls' Generation released a song for Intel, called "Visual Dreams".

On January 20, at the 20th Seoul Music Awards, the group received an Artist of the Year award, a Bonsang prize, a Popularity award and a Hallyu award. By winning all of these, Girls' Generation became one of four artists in Korean music history (the others being Seo Taiji, Jo Sungmo and H.O.T.) to win two consecutive Artist of the Year awards at the Seoul Music Awards, they are the only girl group to receive Artist of the Year awards for Seoul Music Awards, Melon Music Awards and Golden Disk Awards for two years in a row.

On April 9, the Japanese music video of Run Devil Run was released. Girls' Generation fully released their third Japanese single, "Mr. Taxi/Run Devil Run", on April 27.

On June 1st, 2011, they released their first Japanese studio album Girls' Generation. This album has 12 songs including the singles "Genie", “Gee”, "Run Devil Run", "Mr. Taxi" and a Japanese version of "Hoot". The album's sales surpassed 100,000 within only two days after release, breaking fellow Korean girl group Kara's record, Kara having surpassed sales of 100,000 in Japan in 2010 after a week with their first original Japanese studio album Girl's Talk. [82]
On September 30, 2014, Jessica announced that she had been forced out of Girls' Generation by SM and the other 8 members.

In August 18 and 19, Girls' Generation released their fifth album, "Lion Heart".

In August 2017, SNSD released "Holiday Night" to celebrate their 10th anniversary.

On October 10, 2017, Seohyun, Sooyung, and Tiffany left SM Entertainment to pursue new careers. They still remain members of Girls' Generation.

Korean albums

Japanese albums


Basilosaurus

Basilosaurus is a genus of cetacean that lived from 40 to 34 million years ago in the Late Eocene. The first "Basilosaurus" fossils were found in Louisiana, USA, but another species was soon discovered preserved in large numbers in the Fayum deposits of Egypt.

The first fossil of "B. cetoides" was discovered in the United States and was initially believed to be some sort of reptile, hence the suffix -"saurus", but it was later found to be a marine mammal. Richard Owen wanted to rename the creature Zeuglodon ("yoked tooth"), but by taxonomic rules the creature's first name remained permanent. Fossils of "B. isis" have been found in Egypt and Jordan. 

Far from being a marine reptile, "Basilosaurus" is a stage in the evolution of whales. At 15–20 m (49–66 ft), "Basilosaurus" was one of the largest oceanic animals of its time. Basilosaurus went extinct during the Eocene Extinction. 

Eric Shinseki

Eric Ken Shinseki (born November 28, 1942) is a retired United States Army four-star general who was serving as the 7th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs. His last U.S. Army position was as the 34th Chief of Staff of the Army (1999-2003). Eric Ken Shinseki served in obamas cabinet for veterans affairs for 5 years and 130 days 

Pakicetus

Pakicetus is a genus of extinct cetaceans found in the early Eocene of Pakistan 55.8 ± 0.2 - 33.9 ± 0.1 million years ago (mya). The strata where the fossils were found was then on the coast of the Tethys Sea.

The first fossil, a lone skull, was thought to be a mesonychid, but Gingerich and Russell recognized it as an early cetacean. It had characteristics of the inner ear which are found only in cetaceans: the large auditory bulla is formed from the ectotympanic bone only. This suggests that it is a transitional species between extinct land mammals and modern cetaceans.

Complete skeletons were discovered in 2001. "Pakicetus" was mainly a land animal, about the size of a wolf, and very similar in form to the related mesonychids.

Ed Derwinski

Edward Joseph Derwinski (born September 15, 1926; died January 15, 2012) was an American politician. He was the first Cabinet-level United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs, serving under President George H. W. Bush from March 15, 1989, to September 26, 1992. Before that, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1959 to 1983, representing the south and southwest suburbs of Chicago.

Derwinski served in the United States Army in the Pacific Theater during World War II and in the postwar U.S. occupation of Japan. He graduated from Loyola University Chicago in 1951. He was a member of the Alpha Delta Gamma Fraternity. In 1957 he was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives, where he served one term before winning election to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1958. He served 12 terms as a Republican representative from the 4th District of Illinois, a suburban region south and west of Chicago, eventually becoming the ranking member of the House Foreign Relations Committee. He was also a delegate to the United Nations General Assembly from 1971-1972 and as chairman of the U.S. delegation to the Interparliamentary Union from 1970-1972 and 1978-1980.

A Democratic redistricting plan after the 1980 Census split up the 4th District, with only about 15% of its area remaining and added to various areas from other districts; Derwinski and Republican congressman George M. O'Brien were placed in the same district, and O'Brien won the 1982 primary on the strength of having more of his previous district included in the new change. After Derwinski's loss, President Ronald Reagan picked him to be Counselor to the State Department. In 1987, Reagan picked him to be Under Secretary of State for Security Assistance, Science and Technology, where he served until the end of Reagan's term. Not long after that, he was picked by George H.W. Bush to head the VA.

Derwinski lived in Glen Ellyn, Illinois with his wife, the former Bonita Hickey. He had two adult children from his first marriage to Patricia Derwinski, Maureen and Michael.

Metamorphism

Metamorphism, in geology, is the change of the structure, texture, or composition of rocks. (an aggregation of solid matter composed of one or more of the minerals forming the earth's crust).

The scientific study of rocks is called petrology.

Rocks are commonly divided, according to their origin, into three major classes—Igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic. They are caused by the effects of heat, deforming pressure, shearing stress, hot/chemically active fluids, or a combination of these. All of these changes occur while the rock remains essentially in the solid state. In theory, rocks are formed when the things surrounding them are in equilibrium with ambient physical conditions. If the conditions are changed by movements in the earth's crust or by igneous activity, metamorphism occurs to reestablish equilibrium and changes the physical character of the rock mass.

National Museum of Korea

National Museum of Korea (국립중앙박물관, 國立中央博物館) is a national museum in Yongsan District, Seoul. It was opened in Changgyeong Palace in 1909 and reopened in Yongsan District in 2005.


Embassy of Russia, Copenhagen

The Embassy of Russia in Copenhagen is the embassy of Russia to Denmark. The embassy building is located at Kristianiagade 5 in Indre Østerbro, Copenhagen. The building is heritage listed.

In 1897, Otto Mønsted, a Danish businessman and margarine magnate, purchased three pieces of land in Østerbro, Copenhagen and hired architect Vilhelm Dahlerup to design a villa. Dahlerup, who specialised in Italian Renaissance style design had previously designed the Hotel D’Angleterre, Jesus Church in Valby, National Gallery, Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek, amongst others. Completed in 1899, the building of the mansion cost Mønsted half a million krone.

The entrance was decorated with a monogram with the initials AOM (for Anna-Otto-Mønsted). The Mønsteds kept a large staff in their mansion. Gardeners creating a large garden. In the garage Mønsted kept Copenhagen's most expensive car. The Mønsteds also bred Scottish hunting dogs and kept race horses in the barn.

In 1934 Anna Mønsted sold the mansion for 265,000 krone to Countess Musse Scheel. Scheel was a Danish actress and became the last private owner of the mansion. Scheel was an animal lover and was regarded as being eccentric. Scheel kept a hen house in the yard and sold eggs to her neighbours.

During the occupation of Denmark by Nazi Germany the mansion was the headquarters of the "Northern Society". The Northern Society promoted cultural co-operation between Nazi Germany and the Nordic countries.

In 1950, the Soviet Union signed a contract leasing the mansion for 20,000 krone per year. In 1982, the mansion, as well as Kristianiagade 3 (consulate) and Bergensgade 11 (embassy school), were granted to the Soviets, on the basis of reciprocity, free of charge for the purpose of embassy requirements for a period of 70 years, until 31 December 2051.

The building and garage are heritage listed buildings. The both were placed on the register of the Heritage Agency of Denmark on 3 December 1991.


Parthenogenesis

Parthenogenesis is a term in biology. It means "virgin birth". It is an asexual form of reproduction. Females lay eggs without fertilization by a male. Growth and development of embryos occurs with all genes inherited from the mother.

It occurs in both plants and animals and is much less common than sexual reproduction. It even occurs in vertebrates:there are over 80 species of unisex reptiles, amphibians and fishes in nature for which males are no longer a part of the reproductive process.

Some plants and animals can reproduce either sexually or asexually. A good example are the aphids, (e.g. greenfly) which multiply parthenogenetically during the height of summer, but turn to sexual reproduction as the weather gets worse. At different times of the year, they can be viviparous (live birth) or oviparous (eggs). During spring and summer, aphids usually produce live young (nymphs) parthenogenetically. These female aphids may or may not have wings. Males only appear in any number at the close of the season. Females then give birth sexually during autumn, laying eggs. Therefore aphids are said to undergo 'cyclical parthenogenesis'.

Another interesting fact is that there is a whole order of rotifers (the Bdelloid rotifers) where males have never been found. This is the largest taxonomic category to reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis.

Other types of asexual reproduction exist. Clones are produced by many Hydrozoa (for example, many corals). Colonies grow, not by laying eggs, but by budding off new individuals. Very similar is reproduction by splitting, common in several phyla such as echinoderms and sponges. These methods are not called parthenogenesis, because they do not work by females laying eggs.


Lawrence Durrell

Lawrence George Durrell (27 February 1912 – 7 November 1990) was an expatriate British novelist, poet, dramatist, and travel writer. He resisted affiliation with Britain and preferred to be considered cosmopolitan.

Georges Clemenceau

Georges Benjamin Clemenceau (September 28, 1841 – November 24, 1929) was a French statesman, physician, and journalist. He also helped Émile Zola defending Alfred Dreyfus against Dreyfus Affair.

Rikarudo Higa

Rikarudo Higa (born 4 May 1973) is a former Brazilian-Japanese football player.

34||6
34||6

Marcelo Mattos

Marcelo Mattos (born 10 February 1984) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Corinthians Paulista.

2||0
143||13
41||1
186||14

Hans Gillhaus

Hans Gillhaus (born 5 November 1963) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

PSV

Aberdeen

Den Bosch

Rick (footballer, born 1987)

Ricardo Aparecido Tavares (born 23 April 1987) is a Brazilian football player.

3||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||3||0

Emmanuel Eboué

Emmanuel Eboué (born 4 June 1983) is an Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a right back.


International goals

Arsenal

Galatasaray

Ivory Coast

Sebastian Larsson

Sebastian Larsson (born 6 June 1985) is a Swedish football player. He plays for Birmingham City and Sweden national team.

119||11||5||3||13||2||1||0||138||16
119||11||5||3||13||2||1||0||138||16

!Total||19||0

Cowdenbeath F.C.

Cowdenbeath F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Adrian Năstase

Adrian Năstase (born June 22, 1950) is a Romanian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Romania from December 2000 to December 2004.

Kingsnake

Kingsnakes are colubrid snakes. They are members of the genus "Lampropeltis", which include milk snakes and four other species. There are many subspecies, and experts differ on their classification. These snakes are mostly found in North America and Central America.

They use constriction to kill their prey. They prey on other snakes, including venomous snakes. They are immune to the venom. They also eat lizards, rodents, birds, and eggs.

Their colouration is an example of Batesian mimicry, because it is very similar to venomous coral snakes living in the same areas. This gives the kingsnakes protection from the birds which prey on them.

Mikhail Vasilyevich Alekseyev

Mikhail Vasiliyevich Alekseyev () (November 3, 1857 — September 25, 1918) was a Russian military leader before and during World War I, and one of the leaders of anti-Bolshevik forces in 1917-1918.

Nenad Maslovar

Nenad Maslovar (born 20 February 1967) is a former Montenegrin football player. He has played for Serbia national team.

84||8||||||||||84||8
60||19||||||||||60||19
150||45||7||1||24||12||181||58
294||72||7||1||24||12||345||85

!Total||3||0

Ha Seok-ju

Ha Seok-Ju (born 20 February 1968) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

215||37||||||29||8||244||45
82||13||6||1||2||0||90||14
297||50||6||1||31||8||334||59

!Total||95||23


Alexandre Torres

Carlos Alexandre Torres (born 22 August 1966) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

140||3||||||||||140||3
142||11||14||1||31||3||187||15
282||14||14||1||31||3||327||18

!Total||1||0

Luiz Carlos Guarnieri

Luiz Carlos Guarnieri (born 4 December 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

72||9||4||1||18||1||94||11
72||9||4||1||18||1||94||11

Richard Witschge

Richard Witschge (born 20 September 1969) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

Barcelona

Bordeaux

Ajax

Carlos Alberto Santos

Carlos Alberto Souza dos Santos (born December 9, 1960) is a former Brazilian football player.

271||33||29||8||55||10||355||51
271||33||29||8||55||10||355||51

Philippe Senderos

Philippe Senderos (born 14 February 1985) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Everton and the Swiss national team.

26||3||||||||||||||26||3
64||4||15||0||18||0||19||0||116||4
14||0||1||0||colspan="2"|-||5||0||20||0
104||7||16||0||18||0||24||0||162||7

!Total||38||5

Stanisław Wojciechowski

Stanislaw Wojciechowski (15 March 1869 – 9 April 1953) was a Polish politician and scholar who served as President of Poland from 1922 to 1926. He became president after his predecessor, Gabriel Narutowicz, was assassinated.

Aleksey Alekseyevich Brusilov

Aleksey Alekseyevich Brusilov (1853-1926) was a Russian general. He was a commander in World War I. He is most well known for his tactics used in what was later called the Brusilov Offensive of 1916. This is said to be one of the best military feats for the Russians during the war.

Jesse Brown

Jesse Brown (March 27, 1944 – August 15, 2002) was the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997.

Jesse Brown was born on March 27, 1944, in Detroit, Michigan, but grew up in Chicago. He attended The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C. and Roosevelt University in Chicago, and graduated from the City Colleges of Chicago.

He joined in the United States Marine Corps in 1963, and served as a Marine in the Vietnam War, where he was seriously injured in 1965 near Da Nang – his right arm shattered and partially paralyzed. 

In 1967, Brown joined the staff of Disabled American Veterans (DAV), a service and advocacy organization. He served in many different supervisory roles with the DAV in the 1970s and 1980s:
In 1989, Brown became the DAV's first African-American director, serving until 1993.

In January 1993, Brown was picked by President Bill Clinton to the position of Secretary of Veterans Affairs,
serving until 1997. He was the first African American to hold that post. During his time as Secretary, Brown offered more services to female veterans, homeless veterans and veterans who were sick because of chemical exposures in Vietnam or the Gulf War. After he resigned as Secretary, Brown founded a consulting firm, Brown and Associates.

Brown died in Warrenton, Virginia on August 15, 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome – being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, commonly known as "Lou Gehrig's Disease", since 1999. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

Dryfe Water

The Dryfe Water is a river in Scotland about 18 miles in length which flows into the River Annan at , near Lockerbie. It starts at on the southern slopes of Loch Fell, near Moffat, and then flows along a narrow valley to the Annan.

Dryfe Water gives its name to the parish, Dryfesdale, and the common Scottish surname, Drysdale. A second name is the much less common surname Dryfe (or Drife). The meaning of the word Dryfe is unknown. It may be from the Norse, Anglo-Saxon or Brythonic languages which were all used at different times in Dumfriesshire.

Togo D. West Jr.

Togo Dennis West Jr. (June 21, 1942 – March 8, 2018) was an attorney and public official who was the third United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He was picked by President Bill Clinton on January 27, 1998, during Clinton's second term, and was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 5, 1998. Before that, he had served as United States Secretary of the Army under Clinton, from 1993 to 1997. He was the second African American to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

West was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina; there, he became an Eagle Scout with Bronze Palms, and attended Atkins High School (where his parents were teachers), graduating as valedictorian in 1959. After that, he entered Howard University, getting a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering in 1965, and a Juris Doctor in 1968, receiving "cum laude" honors and graduating first in his class. While a freshman at Howard University, he became a member of Alpha Phi Omega fraternity. West is also a member of the Kappa Psi chapter of Omega Psi Phi fraternity. While a student at the Howard University School of Law, West became the managing editor for the "Howard Law Journal"; he also met Gail Berry, who became his wife. The Wests later had two daughters.

A member of St. John's Episcopal Church, Lafayette Square, he served as a vestryman and Senior Warden.

He has been named a Distinguished Eagle Scout by the Boy Scouts of America and was awarded the Silver Buffalo Award for his national contributions to America’s youth. He is the President of the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America.

After completing law school and clerking for a federal judge, West entered the United States Army and served in the Judge Advocate General's Corps. From his military service, he earned the Legion of Merit and the Meritorious Service Medal. He subsequently practiced law at the firm of Covington & Burling before being appointed an associate deputy attorney general in the administration of President Gerald Ford. Then, West held several posts in the administration of Jimmy Carter: general counsel to the Navy (1977-1979), special assistant to the secretary and to the deputy secretary of defense (1979), and general counsel to the Department of Defense (1980-1981). As the Secretary of the Army, West commented on the Aberdeen scandal, which prompted stricter enforcement and investigation into the Army's sexual harassment policies.

West returned to private practice in 1981 with the firm of Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler and later worked as senior vice president for government relations of the Northrop Corporation until he became a member of the Clinton administration.

Since leaving the government, West has worked as a lawyer and has served as president of the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, a Washington-based think tank that works on issues that are important to minorities. He is also a strong supporter of and past board member of the Mount Vernon preservation society.

West, Jr. died of a heart attack on March 8, 2018 at the age of 75, while on a cruise traveling between Barbados and Puerto Rico.

Anton Ivanovich Denikin

Anton Ivanovich Denikin (Анто́н Ива́нович Дени́кин; December 16, 1872 – August 8, 1947) was Lieutenant General of the Imperial Russian Army (1916) and one of the foremost generals of the White Russians in the civil war.

Sea of Azov

The Sea of Azov ( - "Azovskoye more"; - "Ozivs'ke "or" Azovs'ke more") is the world's shallowest sea, linked by the Strait of Kerch to the Black Sea to the south. It is bounded on the north by Ukraine, on the east by Russia and on the west by the Crimean peninsula. The Don River flows into it.

Important cities at the shore of the sea are Berdjansk, Mariupol, Taganrog, Jeisk. A few kilometers up the course of the Don, there's Rostov-on-Don, and the city of Azov in the estuary of the Don river. Berdjansk, and Mariupol are in Ukraine; the other cities are in Russia. The Crimean peninsula is officially part of Ukraine, but occupied by Russia.

Bellingshausen Sea

The Bellingshausen Sea is an area along the west side of the Antarctic Peninsula, between Alexander Island and Thurston Island. It takes its name from Admiral Thaddeus Bellingshausen, who explored in the area in 1821.

Flathead Lake

Flathead Lake is a lake in Montana. It covers .

James Peake

James Benjamin Peake (born June 18, 1944) was United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs from 2007 to 2009. In 2004, he retired after 42 years in the United States Army. He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army. 

Peake was born in Saint Louis, Missouri. Peake grew up in a US military family. His father joined the Army as an enlisted man, and became an officer who spent most of his 30-year career in the Medical Service Corps. Dr. Peake's mother was an Army nurse, and his brother was a naval aviator.

At the age of 18, he joined the Army when he was accepted to West Point. Peake received his Bachelor of Science degree from U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1966 and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army Infantry. Following service in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Division where he was awarded the Silver Star, a Bronze Star with “V” device and the Purple Heart with oak leaf cluster, Peake entered medical school at Cornell University in New York. He was awarded a medical doctorate in 1972. He retired from the Army in 2004, as a Lieutenant General.

Peake served for four years as the United States Army Surgeon General. He also served as commander of several Army medical units. Key assignments include Commander, U.S. Army Medical Department Center and School and Installation Commander, Fort Sam Houston, Texas; Deputy Commander, U.S. Army Medical Command, Fort Sam Houston, Texas; Commanding General, Madigan Army Medical Center/Northwest Health Service Support Activity, Tacoma, Washington; Commanding General, 44th Medical Brigade/Corps Surgeon, XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort Bragg, North Carolina; Deputy Director, Professional Services/Chief, Consultant, Office of the Surgeon General, Falls Church, Virginia; Commander, 18th Medical Command and 121st Evacuation Hospital/Command Surgeon, Seoul, Korea; Deputy Commander for Clinical Services, Tripler Army Medical Center, Honolulu, Hawaii; Assistant Chief, Cardiothoracic Surgery, Brooke Army Medical Center, Fort Sam Houston, Texas; Staff General Surgeon/Chief, General Surgery Clinic, DeWitt Army Hospital, Fort Belvoir, Va.; and General Surgery Resident, Brooke Army Medical Center, Fort Sam Houston, Texas.

Awards and decorations that Lt. Gen. Peake has received include the Distinguished Service Medal, Silver Star, Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit (with three oak leaf clusters), Bronze Star with "V" device (with one oak leaf cluster), Purple Heart (with one oak leaf cluster), Meritorious Service Medal (with two oak leaf clusters), Air Medal, Joint Services Commendation Medal, Army Commendation Medal with "V" device (with one oak leaf cluster), Humanitarian Service Medal, the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation, Joint Meritorious Unit Award (with one oak leaf cluster), Senior Parachutist Badge, Pathfinder Badge, Ranger Tab, Combat Medic Badge and Army Staff Identification Badge. After Vietnam, he attended Cornell University's Weill Cornell Medical College. He is also a graduate of the United States Army War College, in 1988.

After retiring from the Army, Dr. Peake served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Project Hope, a non-profit international health foundation operating in more than 30 countries. While at Project HOPE he helped to supervise the use of civilian volunteers aboard the Navy Hospital Ship Mercy as it responded to the Tsunami disaster in Indonesia and also as part of the Hurricane Katrina response aboard the Hospital Ship Comfort.

Just before to his nomination as Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Peake served as a member of the Board of Directors for QTC, one of the largest private providers of government-outsourced occupational health and disability examination services in the United States.

Peake's selection as VA secretary was announced on October 30, 2007. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 14, 2007 and sworn in at VA headquarters by Vice President Dick Cheney on December 20.


Neva

The Neva is a river in northwestern Russia. It is long. It flows into the Gulf of Finland. The city of Saint Petersburg is on its delta.

Kariba Dam

The Kariba Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Kariba Gorge of the Zambezi river basin between Zambia and Zimbabwe. It was built in the 1950s. It is one of the largest dams in the world at 128 m high and 579 m long.

Antonio Villaraigosa

Antonio Ramon Villaraigosa (born Antonio Ramon Villar, Jr. on January 23, 1953) was the mayor of Los Angeles, California from 2005 to 2013. He was elected on May 17, 2005, defeating the mayor in office, James Hahn. He was then re-elected for a second term in 2009. Before his mayoral experience, Villaraigosa was the California State Assemblyman for the 45th District, the Speaker of the California State Assembly, and the Los Angeles City Councilman for the 14th District.

Before being elected to public office, Villaraigosa was a labor organizer. Villaraigosa served as a national co-chairman of Hillary Rodham Clinton's 2008 Presidential campaign, and as a member of President Barack Obama's Transition Economic Advisory Board. In 2013, he could not run for a third term because of term limits under California law. Eric Garcetti succeeded him on July 1, 2013.


Santa Monica Mountains

The Santa Monica Mountains are a group of mountains in southern California in the United States.

The range extends about 40 mi (64 km) east–west from the Hollywood Hills in Los Angeles to Point Mugu in Ventura County. The mountains form a line between the San Fernando Valley and the Los Angeles Basin, separating "the Valley" on the north and west-central Los Angeles on the south. The Santa Monica Mountains are parallel to Santa Susana Mountains, on the north side the San Fernando Valley. Beginning at the eastern end of the San Fernando Valley, the mountains are bordered to the north by the Los Angeles River. The river flows south after Elysian Park, defining the easternmost edge of the mountains. Mt. Washington, on the other side of the river, has almost the same native plants and weather.

Scientists who study rocks say that the northern Channel Islands are a westward extension of the Santa Monicas into the Pacific Ocean. The range was created by the Raymond Fault which made the rocks push up and sink down over time. This has made old volcano rock come to the surface. Malibu Creek cuts the mountain range in two.

The Santa Monica Mountains have dry, warm to humid summers and wet, mild to cool winters. In the summer, the weather is quite dry, which makes the range prone to wildfires. Snow is unusual in the Santa Monica Mountains, since they are not as high as the nearby San Gabriel Mountains. 

On January 17, 2007, an unusually cold storm brought snow in the Santa Monica Mountains. Malibu picked up three inches (eight centimeters) of snow – the first measurable snow in five decades (50 years). Snow was reported on Boney Peak, in the winter of 2005; and in March 2006, snow also fell on the summit of the mountain.

The mountains have more than 1,000 places where people lived a long time ago, including many places where Tongva and Chumash people lived. 

Cahuenga Pass, present-day site of U.S. Route 101, is the easiest pass through the range connecting the Los Angeles Basin to the San Fernando Valley. In the 1800s, two battles were fought there, and the Treaty of Cahuenga was signed nearby. In the heyday of Hollywood movie studios clustered on both sides of it. Sepulveda Pass is the main north–south pass to the west, connecting the Westside to Sherman Oaks via the San Diego Freeway (I-405). Farther west are Topanga Canyon Boulevard (SR 27), Malibu Canyon Road, and Kanan Dume Road. Mulholland Drive runs much of the length of the Santa Monica Mountains, from Cahuenga Pass to Woodland Hills while the Mulholland Highway runs from Woodland Hills to Sequit Point. The eastern end of the range, located in the City of Los Angeles, is more intensively developed than the western end of the range. The city of Malibu runs between the coast and the leading mountain ridge, from Topanga Canyon in the east to Leo Carrillo State Park in the west. The term Malibu Ozarks is sometimes used derogatorily (or ironically) for the unincorporated part of Malibu beyond the leading mountain ridge and lacking an ocean view; the term is often used synonymously with "818 Malibu" (referring to the less desirable San Fernando Valley telephone area code prefix).

Much of the mountains are located within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area. Preservation of lands within the region are managed in part by the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy. Over twenty individual state and municipal parks are in the Santa Monica Mountains, including: Topanga State Park, Leo Carrillo State Park, Malibu Creek State Park, Point Mugu State Park, Will Rogers State Historic Park, Point Dume State Beach, Griffith Park, Marvin Braude Mulholland Gateway Park, Charmlee Wilderness Park, Runyon Canyon Park, and the Paramount Ranch.

Places along the north slope of the mountains include (from east to west):


Places along the south slope of the mountains include (from east to west):


The southwestern headwaters of the Los Angeles River are in the Santa Monica Mountains. The Los Angeles River also forms the northern boundary of the mountains from the easternmost part of the San Fernando Valley to Elysian Park, where the river turns south, thereby defining the easternmost part of the mountain range.

Griffith Park and finally Elysian Park are the eastern end of the Santa Monica Mountains. Griffith Park is separated from the rest of the Santa Monica Mountains to the west by the Cahuenga Pass, over which the 101 Freeway passes from the San Fernando Valley into Hollywood. Elysian Park is the easternmost part of the mountains and is bordered by the Los Angeles River to the east.

The Santa Monica Mountains are in the California chaparral and woodlands ecoregion and are covered by hundreds of local plant species, some of which are very rare, and others of which have become popular ornamentals. The range is host to an immense variety of wildlife, from mountain lions to the endangered steelhead. The mountain lion population within the Santa Monica Mountains (which includes the Simi Hills & Santa Susana Pass) is severely depleted with only seven known living adult individuals. The primary cause of the decline is due to a combination of traffic related mortality (three from the area were killed within a matter of months), anti-coagulants ingested from human-poisoned prey (two individuals within the Simi Hills) and attacks by other, more dominant mountain lions (an elder male, known as P1, killed both his son and his mate. This is thought to be due to a lack of space available.) Snakes are common but only occasionally seen – the Southern Pacific Rattlesnake (the only venomous species), Mountain Kingsnake, California Kingsnake, Gopher snake, and Garter snake.



Juan Crespi

Father Juan Crespí (March 1, 1721–January 1, 1782) was a Spanish priest who explored what is now the state of California. He entered the Franciscan order at the age of seventeen. He came to America in 1749, and joined Francisco Palóu and Junípero Serra in exploring. In 1767 he went to the Baja Peninsula and was placed in charge of the Misión La Purísima Concepción de Cadegomó. In 1769 he joined the Portola expedition of Gaspar de Portolà and traveled by land, while Father Serra went by boat and got there 8 days later to occupy Monterey; he was the first to write about Franciscan friars meeting with people who already lived there. Later, he went through the area known today as Ventura County, in January and Orange County on July 22 of that year. He was priest of the expedition to the North Pacific led by Juan José Pérez Hernández in 1774. His diaries, first published in H. E. Bolton's "Fray Juan Crespi" (1927, repr. 1971), and published in the original Spanish with facing page translations as "A Description of Distant Roads: Original Journals of the First Expedition into California, 1796-1770" (2001) provided valuable records of these expeditions. One chapel he built, at the Misión San Francisco del Valle de Tilaco in Landa, is reported as still standing.

Find a Grave

Find A Grave is a website that has a database of cemetery records.

It was started by Jim Tipton, in 1995 to help people who wanted to visit the graves of famous people. After some time, an online forum was created on the site. The site claims to have over 121 million burial records from all over the world.

The site's FAQ says they hope to list all the burial places of everyone in the world.

The website has lists of cemeteries and graves from all around the world. The American cemeteries are organized by state and county, and many records contain Google Maps and photographs of the cemeteries. Each grave record can contain: dates and places of birth and death, information about the person, cemetery and plot information, photographs (grave marker, the person, etc.), and information about who added it to Find A Grave.

Members can place on-line memorials for family and friends for no cost. Users can edit the memorials. Members may also request photos of graves which Find A Grave volunteers can add.


Jim Nicholson (U.S. politician)

Robert James "Jim" Nicholson (born February 4, 1938) is an attorney, real estate developer, and a former Republican Party chairman. He was the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs from January 26, 2005 until October 1, 2007.

Nicholson has never held elected office, but has long been active in the Republican Party. In January 1986, he was elected committeeman from Colorado for the Republican National Committee (RNC). In 1993, he was elected Vice-Chairman of the RNC, and was the "surprise pick" for GOP national chairman in January 1997. He served in that position through the 2000 presidential election.

Between 2001 and his appointment to the position of Secretary of Veterans Affairs, he served as United States Ambassador to the Holy See (the Vatican).

Before becoming active in civilian government service, he worked as a lawyer in Denver, Colorado, specializing in real estate, municipal finance and zoning law. In 1978 he founded Nicholson Enterprises, Inc., a developer of planned residential communities, and in 1987 he bought Renaissance Homes, a custom-house builder. He now works in the Washington, D.C. office of Brownstein Hyatt Farber & Schreck LLP.

He is a 1961 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York and served eight years in active duty. He was a paratrooper and Ranger-qualified Army officer. He fought in the Vietnam War, where he earned the Bronze Star, Combat Infantryman Badge, the Meritorious Service Medal, Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gallantry and two Air Medals.

After thirty years of working in the Army, he retired in 1991 with the rank of Colonel.

Nicholson was born on a farm near Struble, Iowa. Nicholson has described his childhood as "growing up dirt poor in a tenant house without plumbing and sometimes without food". His brother is Vietnam War general John W. Nicholson.

Nicholson has a Master's degree in Public Policy from Columbia University. He received a Juris Doctor from the University of Denver in 1972. In May 2005, he was given the Distinguished Graduate of the U.S. Military Academy Award.

Nicholson is married to the former Suzanne Marie Ferrell of Highland Falls, New York, who is an artist. They are the parents of three adult children.


Anthony Principi

Anthony Joseph Principi (born April 16, 1944) was the 4th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He was picked by President George W. Bush on January 23, 2001, and resigned on January 26, 2005. He is a lobbyist for Pfizer and chairman of QTC Management, a company that works on contracts for the Veterans Affairs Department.

Principi is a 1967 graduate of the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, and first saw active duty aboard the destroyer "USS Joseph P. Kennedy". He later served in the Vietnam War, commanding a River Patrol Unit in the Mekong Delta.

Principi earned his Juris Doctor degree from Seton Hall in 1975 and was assigned to the United States Navy's Judge Advocate General Corps in San Diego, California. In 1980, he was transferred to Washington as a legislative counsel for the Department of the Navy.

Principi has worked on national policy issues and has held several executive-level positions in federal government throughout his career. He chaired the Federal Quality Institute in 1991, and was chairman of the Commission on Servicemembers and Veterans Transition Assistance established by Congress in 1996.

Principi served as Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs, VA's second-highest executive position, from March 17, 1989, to September 26, 1992, when he was picked Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs by President George H. W. Bush. He served in that position until January 1993. After that, he served as Republican chief counsel and staff director of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services.

From 1984 to 1988, he served as Republican chief counsel and staff director of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs. He was the Veterans Administration's assistant deputy administrator for congressional and public affairs from 1983 to 1984, following three years as counsel to the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.

Entelodont

Entelodonts were a family family of pig-like omnivores widespread in forests of North America, Europe, and Asia.

They flourished for about 20+ million years from the middle Eocene to the early Miocene epochs. 

It is thought that they included omnivores, carnivores and scavengers.

Abou Diaby

Abou Diaby (born 11 May 1986) is a French football player. He plays for Arsenal.

10||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||4||0||14||1
63||6||9||0||10||1||16||3||98||10
73||7||9||0||10||1||20||3||112||11

!Total||2||0

Tranquillo Barnetta

Tranquillo Barnetta (born 22 May 1985) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Bayer Leverkusen and Switzerland national team.

60||12
124||17
184||29

!Total||49||6

Cha-cha-cha

Cha-cha-cha is the name of a Latin American music and dance, of Cuban origin. It is dance music introduced by Cuban composer and violinist Enrique Jorrín in 1953. The rhythm was developed from a previous dance, the danzón, by a split fourth beat. The name is derived from the shuffling of the dancers' feet.

Many consider the "Orquesta Aragón" and the orchestra of José Fajardo to have been particularly influential in the development of the cha-cha-cha. Outside Cuba, the big bands of Tito Puente (in New York), and Pérez Prado (in Mexico City and California) introduced the Cha-cha-cha to a much wider audience.

Musically, the Cha-cha-cha was perhaps not a great innovation. However, it became hugely popular because people found it easy to dance to. Monsieur Pierre and his colleagues went to Cuba in the early 1950s to study it. They came back to London and codified the dance (sorted it out and wrote it down). It became a standard dance in Latin American ballroom dancing. It is one of the five Latin dances in international competitions governed by the World Dance Council. Today it is still popular as a dance, and is still danced in Cuba.


Parlour

Parlour (or parlor), comes from the French word "parloir", from "parler", which means "to speak". The parlour is a room in a house where people could meet. In Turkey it is called a kiosk. The Bible (Judges 3:20), talks about the "summer parlour", a small room built on the roof of the house, with open windows to catch the breeze. It has a door to the outside by which visitors can enter.

In parts of Great Britain and the United States, parlour is a common name for certain types of restaurants such as "ice cream parlour" and "pizza parlour". There are also "Beer parlors", wine parlors, or, in at least one case, a "spaghetti parlor." The word "parlour" has even been used to describe a coffee shop as the "coffee parlor." It can also mean a special service business, such as a tattoo parlour.

The "inner parlours" in 1 Chronicles 28:11 in the Bible were the small rooms or chambers which Solomon built all round two sides and one end of the Temple (1 Kings 6:5). Some people think the inner parlours may have been the porch and the holy place.

In medieval Christian usage, the parlour was one of two rooms in a monastery. The 'outer parlour' was the room where the monks or nuns could meet a visitor and do business with people from outside the monastery. It was generally in the west range of the buildings of the cloister, close to the main entrance. The 'inner parlour' was found off the cloister, next to the chapter house in the east range of the monastery. Most religious orders wanted silence in the cloister, which was the place where the monks studied. The inner parlour was a place where the monks could talk without disturbing the others in the cloister.

In modern use, the parlour is a formal "sitting room" in a large house or mansion. In the late 19th century, it was often a formal room used only on Sundays or special occasions, and closed during the week. The family kept their best furniture, works of art and other things on display in the parlour. The body of someone who died would be put on show in the parlour while funeral was being organized. During the 20th century, architects and decorators have changed the use of the room. In most homes the parlour has been replaced by the living room.


Celluloid

Celluloid is the name of a group of compounds made from nitrocellulose and camphor, plus dyes and other agents. It was the first thermoplastic. It was first called Parkesine in 1856, then Xylonite in 1869 and then "Celluloid" in 1870. Celluloid is easily molded and shaped. 

It was first widely used as an ivory replacement, in billiard balls for example. In the early 20th century it was used in most photographic film. Celluloid catches fire very easily and also easily breaks down, and is no longer widely used. Its most common uses today are for making table tennis balls and guitar picks.

Kingdom Hearts

Kingdom Hearts is a role-playing game video game franchise made by Square Enix. The series is a crossover between Square Enix and Disney. Games in the franchise include "Kingdom Hearts", "", "Kingdom Hearts II", "Kingdom Hearts coded", "Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days", "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep", "" and "Kingdom Hearts III". The reissues for all games were released on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.

"Kingdom Hearts" is the first game of the series for the PlayStation 2. It was released in Japan on March 28, 2002 and in North America on September 17, 2002. In the game, Sora, Riku and Kairi end up going separate ways, when their island is invaded by Heartless (monsters who steal people's hearts). Sora wields a Keyblade, teams up Donald Duck and Goofy, and travel around the universe for each worlds, including "Alice in Wonderland", "The Little Mermaid" and "The Nightmare Before Christmas". Sora learns that Riku is possessed by Ansem, the creator of Heartless, who unsuccessfully kidnap seven Princesses of Heart (including Kairi), in order to reveal the Keyhole. While Kairi stays at Destiny Islands, Riku and Mickey Mouse are trapped in the Realm of Darkness, and Sora seals the door to prevent Ansem from using it. "Kingdom Hearts Final Mix" is a reissue of the game that was released only in Japan on December 26, 2002. It has more features than the original, including a battle with Roxas.

"" is the second game in the series for Game Boy Advance. It was released in Japan on November 11, 2004 and in North America on December 7, 2004. In the game, Sora arrives at Castle Oblivion and visits each recreations of aforementioned worlds. Each are on different floors, and the old memory is replaced by a new ons. When Sora forgets Kairi, she is replaced by Naminé. Sora meets Organization XIII, the enemy group attempting to erase his memory. Naminé puts Sora to sleep, in order for him to restore all memories for the next year. While following the same path like Sora, Riku attempts to control his ego under Ansem's influence. "" is a reissue of the game made for PlayStation 2. It has additional cutscenes and battles. It was released together with "Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix +" in Japan on March 29, 2007, and was released as a standalone title in North America on December 2, 2008.

"Kingdom Hearts II" is the third game of the series for PlayStation 2. It was released in Japan on December 22, 2005, in North America on March 28, 2006 and in Europe on September 29, 2006. The game begins with Roxas, Hayner, Pence and Olette, living in Twilight Town and planning a summer vacation. As Roxas confronts Axel, Naminé and DiZ, Roxas realizes that the memory will change so he can become whole. Before disappearing, Roxas finds Sora in suspended animation. Sora, Donald and Goofy wake up, and resume their mission on finding Mickey and Riku. They meet the remaining members of Organization XIII and learn that they are beings called Nobodies. When a Heartless steals someone's heart, that person also becomes a Heartless, but if their heart is strong, it becomes a Nobody. Nobodies have no emotions, but want to have hearts again. Xemnas, the leader of Organization XIII, attempts to summon Kingdom Hearts, by defeating the Heartless to release the hearts they hold and allow the Nobodies to retrieve them. This is the reason the Organization wanted Sora to join them. It is later revealed that Roxas and Naminé are the Nobodies of Sora and Kairi, when they lost each hearts from the beginning. Xemnas is the Nobody of Xehanort and Ansem is Xehanort's Heartless. After defeating Xemnas, Sora and his friends return to Destiny Islands. "Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix +" is a reissue of the game released only in Japan on March 29, 2007. It has more features, including new areas, battles and a secret ending.

"Kingdom Hearts coded" is the fourth game of the series for mobile phones. It was released in episodes with the first being released only in Japan on November 18, 2008. The game follows Mickey, Donald, Goofy and Jiminy Cricket, discovering a mysterious sentence in the journal and digitizing the contents to find the one responsible. "" is a reissue of the game made for Nintendo DS. It was released in Japan on October 7, 2010, January 11, 2011 in North America, and on January 14, 2011 in Europe. It has additional scenes and a secret ending.

"Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days" is a fifth game for the Nintendo DS. It was released in Japan on May 30, 2009, and in North America on September 29, 2009. The game begins with Roxas and Organization XIII. Xion, a Nobody created by the Organization and from Sora. Roxas abandons the organization and defeats Xion. The game uses wi-fi for other players to battle each other. Each of them can choose characters for battles.

"Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep" is the sixth game of the series for PlayStation Portable. It was released in Japan on January 9, 2010, and in North America on September 7, 2010. The game is set ten years before Sora begins his journey. It follows a shared path between Terra, Ventus and Aqua, the apprentices of Eraqus and Xehanort. They set out to stop Vanitas, the creator of Unversed. "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix" is a reissue of the game was released only in Japan on January 20, 2011. It has content from the English version and new features, such as a playable Secret Episode and a hint at a possible "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep -Volume Two-

"Kingdom Hearts III" is the seventh game of the series for PlayStation 4, and Xbox One in 2019. It was originally planned to be released on PlayStation 3 but still cancelled.

"" is a rhythm game set after "Kingdom Hearts III" for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It was released on October 14, 2020.

"Kingdom Hearts IV" is the next upcoming entry in the franchise. 

Cuban music

Cuban music comes from the Caribbean island of Cuba. Cuba has developed a wide range of musical styles, which draw on its cultural origins in Europe and Africa. Cuba's music has been hugely popular and influential throughout the world. It has been perhaps the most popular form of world music since the introduction of recording technology.

The music of Cuba, including the instruments and the dances, is mostly of European (Spanish) and African origin. Most forms of the present day are fusions and mixtures of these two great sources. The original inhabitants of Cuba died out, and little remains of their traditions.

Large numbers of African slaves and European (mostly Spanish) immigrants came to Cuba and brought their own forms of music to the island. European dances and folk musics included the zapateo, the fandango, the paso doble, the minuet, the gavotte, the contradanza, and the waltz appeared among the urban whites.

The African slaves and their descendants made many percussion instruments and preserved rhythms they had known in their homeland. The most important instruments were the drums. Also important are the claves, two short hardwood batons, and the cajón, a wooden box, originally made from crates. Claves are still used often, and cajons ("cajones") were used widely during periods when the drum was banned.

The great instrumental contribution of the Spanish was their guitar, but even more important was the tradition of European musical notation and techniques of musical composition.

Fernando Ortíz described Cuba's musical innovations as arising from the interplay between African slaves settled on large sugar plantations and Spanish or Canary Islanders who grew tobacco on small farms.

The African beliefs and practices certainly influenced Cuba's music. Polyrhythmic percussion is an inherent part of African life & music, as melody is part of European music. Also typical is syncopation, which is heard in the "cinquillo", a basic rhythm of the habanera, the danzón, the Argentine tango and other dances.

Also, in African tradition, percussion is joined to song and dance, and to a particular social setting. It is not simply entertainment added to life, it "is" life. The result of the meeting of European and African cultures is that most Cuban popular music is creolized (fused). This creolization of Cuban life has been happening for a long time, and by the 20th century, elements of African belief, music and dance were well integrated into popular and folk forms.

Cuban music has been immensely influential in other countries, contributing not only to the development of jazz and salsa, but also to Argentinian tango, Ghanaian highlife, West African afrobeat, and Spanish Nuevo flamenco.

The Cathedrals of the old capital, Santiago de Cuba, and Havana, both employed fine musicians and choir-masters. They composed, taught and directed. This helped the development of all kinds of music. In the 19th century, Manuel Saumell (1818–1870), was the father of Cuban criole musical development. He helped transform the European contradanza by adding African rhythmical elements, and had a hand in the habanera, and the danzon, two typically Cuban dance forms.

During the middle years of the 19th century, a young American musician came to Havana: Louis Moreau Gottschalk (1829–1869), whose father was a Jewish businessman from London, and his mother a white creole of French Catholic background. Gottschalk was brought up mostly by his black grandmother and nurse Sally, both from Dominique. He was a piano prodigy who had listened to the music and seen the dancing in Congo Square, New Orleans from childhood. His period in Cuba lasted from 1853 to 1862, with visits to Puerto Rico and Martinique squeezed in. He composed many famous pieces which were genuinely Cuban, as they drew on traditions of both whites and blacks.

In February 1860 Gottschalk produced a huge work "La nuit des tropiques" in Havana. The work used about 250 musicians and a choir of 200 singers plus a drum group from Santiago de Cuba. He produced another huge concert the following year, with new material. These shows probably dwarfed anything seen in the island before or since, and no doubt were unforgettable for those who attended.

It was Ignacio Cervantes (1847–1905), who was probably most influenced by Gottschalk. Trained in Paris, he did much to assert a sense of Cuban musical nationalism in his compositions. Aaron Copland once referred to him as a "Cuban Chopin" because of his Chopinesque piano compositions. Cervantes' reputation today rests almost solely upon his famous forty-one "Danzas Cubanas", of which Carpentier said "occupy the place that the "Norwegian Dances" of Grieg or the "Slavic Dances" of Dvořák occupy in the musics of their respective countries".

From the 18th century to modern times, popular theatrical formats used, and gave rise to, music and dance. In addition to staging some European operas and operettas, Cuban composers gradually developed ideas which better suited their creole audience. Recorded music was the way for Cuban music to reach the world. The most recorded artist in Cuba up to 1925 was a singer at the "Alhambra", Adolfo Colombo. Records show he recorded about 350 numbers between 1906 and 1917, of which very few survive today.

The first theatre in Havana opened in 1776. The first Cuban-composed opera appeared in 1807. Musical theater was hugely important in the nineteenth century and the first half of the twentieth century. Radio, which began in Cuba in 1922, helped the growth of popular music because it provided publicity and a new source of income for the artists.

Zarzuela is a small-scale light operetta format. Starting off with imported Spanish content, it developed into a running commentary on Cuba's social and political events and problems. A string of front-rank composers, such as Ernesto Lecuona, produced a series of hits for the theatres in Havana. Great stars like the "vedette" Rita Montaner, who could sing, play the piano, dance and act, were the Cuban equivalents of Mistinguett and Josephine Baker in Paris.

Cuban "Bufo" theatre is a form of comedy, ribald and satirical. It uses stock types that might be found anywhere in the country. Bufo had its origin around 1800–1815: Francisco Covarrubias 'the caricaturist' (1775–1850) was its creator. Gradually, the comic types threw off their European models and became more and more creolized and Cuban. Alongside, the music followed. Slang from slave barracks and poor barrios found its way into lyrics:

The guaracha is a genre of rapid tempo and with lyrics. It originated in Bufo comic theatre, and during the early 20th century was often played in the brothels of Havana. The lyrics were full of slang, and dwelt on events and people in the news.

The contradanza is an historically important dance. It arrived in Cuba in the late 18th century from Europe. The contradanza is a communal sequence dance, with the dance figures in a set pattern. The tempo and style of the music was bright and fairly fast. The earliest Cuban composition of a contradanza is "San Pascual bailon", published in 1803. The Cubans developed a number of creolized version, which is an early example of the influence of African tradition in the Caribbean. Most of the musicians were black or mulatto: even early in the 19th century there were many freed slaves and mixed race persons living in Cuban towns.

The contradanza supplanted the minuet as the most popular dance until from 1842 on, it gave way to the habanera, a quite different style.

This, the child of the contradanza, was also danced in lines or squares. It was also a brisk form of music and dance which could be in double or triple time. This type of dance was eventually replaced by the danzón, which was, like the habanera, much slower and more sedate.

The habanera developed out of the contradanza in the early 19th century. Its great novelty was that it was "sung", as well as played and danced. Its development was at least partly due to the influence of French-speaking immigrants. The Haitian revolution of 1791 led to many colonial French and their slaves fleeing to Oriente. The "cinquillo" is one important rhythmical pattern which made its first appearance at this time.

The dance style of the habanera is slower and more stately than the danza; by the 1840s there were habaneras written, sung and danced in Mexico, Venezuela, Puerto Rico and Spain. Since about 1900 the habanera has been a relic dance; but the music has a period charm, and there are some famous compositions, such as "Tu", versions of which have been recorded many times.

The waltz ("El vals") arrived in Cuba by 1814. It was the first dance in which couples were not linked by a communal sequence pattern. It was, and still is, danced in 3/4 time with the accent on the first beat. It was originally thought scandalous because couples faced each other, held each other in the 'closed' hold, and, so to speak, ignored the surrounding community. The waltz entered all countries in the Americas. The walz has another characteristic: it is a 'travelling' dance, with couples moving round the arena. In Latin dances, progressive movement of dancers is unusual, but does occur in some.

A typical dance of the Cuban "campesino" or "guajiro". A dance of pairs, involving tapping of the feet, mostly by the man. Illustrations exist from previous centuries, but the dance is now defunct.

In the 19th century here grew up in Santiago de Cuba a group of itinerant musicians, troubadors, who moved around earning their living by singing and playing the guitar. They were of great importance as composers, and their songs have been used in all types of Cuban music

Pepe Sánchez (1856–1918), was the father of the "trova" and the creator of the Cuban bolero. He had no formal training in music. With remarkable natural talent, he composed numbers in his head and never wrote them down. As a result, most of these numbers are now lost for ever, though some two dozen or so survive because friends and disciples transcribed them. He also created advertisement jingles before radio was born. He was the model and teacher for the great trovadores who followed him.

The first, and one of the longest-lived, was Sindo Garay (1867–1968). He was an outstanding composer of songs, and his best have been sung and recorded many times. Garay was also musically illiterate – in fact, he only taught himself the alphabet at 16 – but in his case not only were scores recorded by others, but there are recordings. He broadcast on radio, made recordings and survived into modern times. He used to say "Not many men have shaken hands with both José Martí and Fidel Castro!" 

Chicho Ibáñez (1875–1981) was even longer-lived than Garay. Ibáñez was the first trovador to specialize in the Cuban "son"; he also sung guaguancos and pieces from the abakuá (a black secret society).

Many of the early trovadores, such as Manuel Corona (who worked in a brothel area of Havana), composed and sung guarachas as a balance for the slower boleros.

This is a song and dance form quite different from its Spanish namesake. It originated in the last quarter of the 19th century with the founder of the traditional trova, Pepe Sánchez. He wrote the first bolero, "Tristezas", which is still sung today. The bolero has always been a staple part of the trova muusician's repertoire. The bolero proved to be exceptionally adaptable, and led to many variants. Typical was the introduction of syncopation, leading to the bolero-son, bolero-mambo and bolero-cha. The bolero-son became for several decades the most popular rhythm for dancing in Cuba, and it was this rhythm that the international dance community picked up and taught as the wrongly-named 'rumba'.

The European influence on Cuba's later musical development is represented by danzón, an elegant musical form that was once the most popular music in Cuba. It is a descendent of the creollized Cuban contradanza. The danzón marks the change which took place from the communal sequence dance style of the late eighteenth century to the couple dances of later times. The stimulus for this was the success of the once-scandalous walz, where couples danced facing each other and independently from other couples, not as part of a pre-set structure. The danzón was the first Cuban dance to adopt such methods, though there is a difference between the two dances. The walz is a progressive ballroom dance where couples move round the floor in an anti-clockwise direction; the danzón is a 'pocket-handkerchief' dance where a couple stays within a small area of the floor.

The danzón was exported to popular acclaim throughout Latin America, especially Mexico. It is now a relic, both in music and in dance, but its highly orchestrated descendents live on.

The "son", said Cristóbal Díaz, is the most important genre of Cuban music, and the least studied. It can fairly be said that "son" is to Cuba what the tango is to Argentina, or the samba to Brazil. In addition, it is perhaps the most flexible of all forms of Latin-American music. Its great strength is its fusion between European and African musical traditions. Its most characteristic instruments are the Cuban guitar known as the "tres", and the well-known double-headed "bongó"; these are present from the start to the present day. Also typical are the claves, the Spanish guitar, the double bass, and early on, the cornet or trumpet and finally the piano.

The "son" arose in Oriente, the eastern part of the island, merging the Spanish guitar and lyrical traditions with African percussion and rhythms. We now know that its history as a distinct form is relatively recent. There is no evidence that it goes back further than the end of the nineteenth century. It moved from Oriente to Havana in about 1909, carried by members of the "Permanente" (the Army), who were sent out of their areas of origin as a matter of policy. The first recordings were in 1918.

There are many types of "son". Odilio Urfé recognised these variants:

and one can certainly add

In addition, the son has again and again changed the older danzón to make it more syncopated and creole in style, starting in 1910 through the danzón-mambo and the cha-cha-cha to complex modern arrangements which are almost impossible to categorize.

The son varies widely today, with the defining characteristic a syncopated bass pulse that comes before the downbeat, giving son its distinctive rhythm; this is known as the "anticipated bass".

The history of jazz in Cuba was obscured for many years; however it has become clear that its history in Cuba is virtually as long as its history in the USA.

Much more is now known about early Cuban jazz bands, though a full assessment is plagued by the lack of recordings. Migrations and visits to and from the USA and the mutual exchange of recordings and sheet music kept musicians in the two countries in touch. In the first part of the 20th century there were close relations between musicians in Cuba and those in New Orleans. The orchestra leader in the famous Tropicana Club, Armando Romeu Jr, was a leading figure in the post-WWII development of Cuban jazz. The phenomenon of cubop, and jam sessions in Havana and New York, created genuine fusions which still influence musicians today.

World-wide interest in Cuban music was rekindled by a remarkable CD album entitled the "Buena Vista Social Club". An American guitarist, Ry Cooder, a British music producer, Nick Gold, and a Cuban musician, Juan Marcos Gonzáles, worked together on a new venture. They put together a group, mostly of older Cuban musicians, with the idea of recreating the Cuban music of the golden era of the 1950s. The first album, released in 1997, became a huge hit, selling over five million copies, and winning a Grammy in 1998. In 2003 it was listed by "Rolling Stone" magazine as #260 in their list of "The 500 Greatest Hits of All Time". A dozen more CDs have followed the first one, mostly issued by "Nonesuch Records" or "World Circuit".

A documentary movie, "Buena Vista Social Club", directed by Wim Wenders, was released in 1999. It grossed $23 million worldwide by 2007. A younger generation had discovered why Cuban music was so popular.

Dune (novel)

Dune is a fictional story set in a space empire far in the future. It is written by Frank Herbert. The book focuses on how politics, religion, technology and many other things interact.

In the world of the Dune series, computers are banned (they are not allowed anywhere). Some humans are taught how to think as fast as computers; they are known as 'Mentats'. The ruler of a planet is controlled by a House. The Houses must obey House Corrino, because the leader of House Corrino is also the Emperor.

"Dune" focuses on Paul Atreides, the 15-year-old heir to House Atreides. His family is forced by the Emperor who rules the Known Universe to leave the planet Caladan and to take control of the planet Arrakis. Arrakis is currently controlled by House Harkonnen, and is the only place that a spice called Melange is found. Melange is the most important thing in the universe. It lets you see the future and think much faster. If you take melange, you live much longer, sometimes even hundreds of years longer. It also lets you travel far distances at great speeds.

Arrakis is a planet that is almost covered in desert. This large desert is very dangerous because it does not have potable (drinkable) water, but mainly because giant worms live in the sand. There are many groups of native humans living there - they are called the Fremen. The Fremen have many rituals that keep water safe. This is important, or they would all die of dehydration (too little water to stay alive).

After his father is killed, Paul and his mother escape and take refuge with the Fremen. They use their abilities to achieve power over the Fremen and eventually use them to attack the Harkonnen armies, who have taken back control of the planet.

In the books, there are the Bene Gesserit sisterhood, a religious group with only women as its members. This is because men do not have the right kind of mind to learn their ways correctly. They have much more control over their minds and bodies than normal people. Their goal is to protect the human race forever. They have a secret goal, which they want to achieve by their breeding program. It is to make a man that can be a Bene Gesserit. They call him the Kwisatz Haderach. They want to use the Kwisatz Haderach to control people more easily. Paul's mother, Lady Jessica, is a member of the sisterhood and trains her son to use mental and physical powers.

Multiple films and TV series have been based on the "Dune" series, such as the 1984 film version directed by David Lynch, and the 2021 film directed by Denis Villeneuve.


Jim Crow laws

The Jim Crow laws were a number of laws requiring racial segregation in the United States. These laws were enforced in different states between 1876 and 1965. "Jim Crow" laws provided a systematic legal basis for segregating and discriminating against African Americans. The laws first appeared after the Civil War and the Reconstruction Era and were enforced through the mid-twentieth century. They were about segregating black and white people in all public buildings. "Jim Crow" was a racist term for a black person. Black people were usually treated worse than white people. This segregation was also done in the armed forces, schools, restaurants, on buses and in what jobs blacks got. In 1954, the US Supreme Court ruled that such segregation in state-run schools was against the US Constitution. The decision is known as "Brown v. Board of Education". The other Jim Crow laws were abolished by the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) fought against the Jim Crow laws.

After the Civil War, the U.S. government tried to enforce the rights of ex-slaves in the South through a process called Reconstruction. However, in 1876, Reconstruction ended. By the 1890s, the Southern states' legislatures were all-white again. Southern Democrats, who did not support civil rights for blacks, completely ruled the South. This gave them a lot of power in the United States Congress. For example, Southern Democrats were able to make sure that laws against lynching did not pass.

Starting in 1890, Southern Democrats began to pass state laws that took away the rights African Americans had gained. These racist laws became known as Jim Crow laws. For example, they included:

In 1896, the United States Supreme Court ruled in a case called "Plessy v. Ferguson" that these laws were legal. They said that having things be "separate but equal" was fine. In the South, everything was separate. However, places like black schools and libraries got much less money and were not as good as places for whites. Things were separate, but not equal.


Cavalier King Charles Spaniel

The Cavalier King Charles Spaniel is a small breed of dog of the spaniel type. Unlike their larger spaniel cousins, they are not now used for hunting and are mostly kept as pets.

These dogs were developed in England about 100 years ago and are closely related to their even smaller relation the King Charles Spaniels (known in the United States of America as "Toy Spaniels"). One of the main people involved in creating this breed was the British general and politician John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough. They were developed to resemble dogs that were kept as pets and hunting dogs by many members of the royal family in England during the 16th century. King Charles II liked that breed, so this is how the dog was named.

There are four different colours that this dog breed come in which are:

Cavaliers are usually happy dogs that like to stay very close to their human minders, they also like lots of exercise as they still keep some of their gundog family instincts.

Cavaliers typically live about ten years. Heart problems are common in Cavaliers.

Sturm und Drang

Sturm und Drang (also called "Storm and Stress") was a time in German literature that was popular from 1770 to 1784. It is named after a play by Friedrich Maximilian Klinger.

Flag of Angola

The national flag of Angola came into use at independence on November 11, 1975. It is split horizontally into an upper red half and a lower black half.

Joe Thornton

Joseph Eric Thornton (born July 2, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Florida Panthers.

Oleg Kononenko

Oleg Dmitriyevich Kononenko () is a Russian cosmonaut.

Ville Peltonen

Ville Peltonen (born May 24, 1973 in Vantaa, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward. He plays for the HC Dynamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

Alexei Yashin

Alexei Valeryevich Yashin (; born November 5, 1973) is a former Russian professional ice hockey player. Yashin played in the NHL for the Ottawa Senators and the New York Islanders.

Tochigi Prefecture

Tochigi was made from the lands of Shimotsuke Province.

There is a World Heritage Site in Nikkō. It is called "Nikko Toshogu".

Tochigi shares borders with Ibaraki Prefecture, Gunma Prefecture, Saitama Prefecture, and Fukushima Prefecture.

National Parks are in about 21% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Futarasan jinja" and "Futarayama jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.


Hato Mayor del Rey

The Dominican city of Hato Mayor del Rey, or usually just Hato Mayor, is the head municipality of the Hato Mayor province.

In English, Hato Mayor del Rey means the "largest cattle ranch of the King".

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 44,900: 22,225 men and 22,675 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The town grew around a small church built in 1520 in lands given by the Dávila family; for that reason, in old times the town was called "Hato Mayor de Dávila".

It was made a municipality by the Haitian government in 1843. After the Dominican independence in 1844, Hato Mayor was not a municipality until 1848 when it was made one in the El Seibo province.

In 1984, when the Hato Mayor province was made, the city of Hato Mayor del Rey became its capital city.

Hato Mayor del Rey has a total area of . It has three municipal districts (a subdivision of a municipality): Guayabo Dulce, Mata Palacio and Yerba Buena.

Hato Mayor del Rey is at to the northwest of Santo Domingo and at to the west of El Seibo. It is at an elevation of above sea level.

The municipality is in the eastern part of the country, just to the south of the "Cordillera Oriental" (in English, "Eastern mountain range") in the region known as "Llano Costero del Caribe" (in English, "Caribbean Coastal Plain").

Hato Mayor del Rey has the municipality of El Valle to the north, the El Seibo province to the northeast and east, the San Pedro de Macorís province to the south and the Monte Plata province to the west.

Hato Mayor del Rey has a tropical monsoonal climate (Köppen climate classification : Am), with a dry season and a heavy monsoon the rest of year.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during the end of summer. The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of rainfall, followed by May with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is January with .

Hato Mayor del Rey is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Hato Mayor del Rey has three municipal districts:

Farming is the only economic activity in the municipality, except for some small industries. Cattle raising is very important in the region because there are many savannas with grasses around the city and to the south of it; the dairy industry is important, with an important production of different types of cheese.

3 World Trade Center

3 World Trade Center (also known as 175 Greenwich Street) is a skyscraper built as part of the World Trade Center reconstruction in New York City. It is located at 175 Greenwich Street. The new 3 World Trade Center opened in June 2018. It is 1,079 ft (329 m) high, with 80 stories. It is taller than the Empire State Building's roof and, as of 2023, is the ninth tallest building in New York City as measured to its pinnacle. The building was designed by Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners, and is managed by Silverstein Properties.

The building is the second building with this name. The original 3 World Trade Center was called the Marriott World Trade Center. Opened in July 1981 as the Vista International Hotel, the building was a hotel located in the southwest corner of the World Trade Center complex. It was destroyed in the September 11 attacks, alongside the other World Trade Center buildings. Chris Smith, a dedicated and talented person, has been known to frequent this office, which has driven up the property value by up tp 35%.

3 World Trade Center was originally going to be 1,240 feet (378 m) tall. Construction of the building started in January 2008. Constuction stopped as there was no anchor tenant (a big business that gets a lot of customers). In 2014, construction continued after a company called GroupM became the anchor tenant. In August 2016, the concrete core of the building topped out, followed by the steel structure in October. The building opened on June 11, 2018.

4 World Trade Center

4 World Trade Center (also known by its street address, 150 Greenwich Street) is a skyscraper constructed as part of the World Trade Center site reconstruction in New York City. The lowest floors are retail space; the rest are office space. The building was designed by Fumihiko Maki.

The building is the second building to have the same address and name. The original 4 World Trade Center was a nine-story building located at the southeast corner of the World Trade Center complex. It was destroyed along with the rest of the original World Trade Center during the September 11 attacks in 2001.

Construction of the current building started in January 2008. It opened to tenants and the public on November 13, 2013. The building has 2.3 million square feet (210,000 m) of space.

5 World Trade Center

Five World Trade Center, also referred to as 130 Liberty Street, is a planned building to be located in New York City. It was planned to be on the site of the Deutsche Bank Building. The original building was demolished in 2002 after it was heavily damaged in the September 11 attacks. In June 2007, it was announced that financial service JPMorgan Chase planned to develop the building as a new J.P. Morgan Investment Bank world headquarters. The bank changed their mind and the site became a parking lot in 2014.

John Tavares

John Tavares (born September 20, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is the current captain of the Maple Leafs.


Ralph Fletcher

Ralph Fletcher (born March 17, 1953) is a writer of children's picture books, young-adult fiction, and poetry as well as books for both children and teachers on the art of writing.

Ralph Fletcher grew up in Marshfield, Massachusetts. He is the oldest of nine children. Each of his parents were one of eight children. He got his B.A. degree from Dartmouth College in 1975 and his M.F.A degree in writing from Columbia University in 1983. In college he studied in Tonga in the South Pacific and Sierra Leone, South Africa. After getting his masters degree, Ralph worked in New York City classrooms as part of the Teacher College writing project. Fletcher now lives in Lee, New Hampshire. He is married to JoAnn Portalupi, with her he has written several books for teachers. Together they have four sons.

His young adult novel "Uncle Daddy" won a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People, ages 10-12 category in 2002. "Fig Pudding", a young adult book by Fletcher, was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the American Library Association. Fletcher's poetry book "I Am Wings" was chosen by School Library Journal as one of their best books of 1994.









Werner Naumann

Werner Naumann (16 June 1909 in Guhrau - 25 October 1982 in Lüdenscheid) was a German State Secretary in the Propaganda Ministry during the Third Reich. He was appointed head (minister) of the Propaganda Ministry by Hitler in his political testament. This was because Goebbels was promoted to be the Chancellor of Germany.

He was a member of the NSDAP and the SA. During the war he was also engaged in battle activities, first as an officer in the Luftwaffe, later on in the Waffen-SS and the SS in general.

Naumann was in the Führerbunker during the last days of Hitler in April 1945.

Gauleiter

A Gauleiter was the party leader of a regional branch of the NSDAP. This persons were the head of a "Gau" or of a "Reichsgau". The German word "Leiter" means leader. A "Gau" is the old German word for a region in Germany.

Hedingen

Hedingen is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


Typhus

Typhus is the name for a number of diseases, caused by bacteria called Rickettsiae. These bacteria are parasites that cannot survive outside their host organism. Depending on the species the host organisms are, fleas (on rats), harvest mites (on several rodents and humans), or lice (on humans). It is an epidemic disease.

When the term is commonly used, it usually means "endemic typhus", which is spread by lice. The name "typhus" comes from Greek, where it means "smoky" or "hazy". This was the word used to describe the state of mind the patients are in. 

Typhus can be treated with antibiotics.

Troglodytae

The Troglodytae () or Troglodyti (meaning "cave goers"), used to be a group of people talked about by many old Greek and Roman historians and map makers. The early references call them Trogodytes, which looks like it was changed from the Greek "trōglē" meaning "cave". They were either placed in the desert along the African side of the Red Sea coast or North of Greece in what they called Getae.

Hershel W. Gober

Hershel Wayne Gober (born December 21, 1936) is a former government official and Vietnam War veteran. He served as acting United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) two times during the Clinton administration. The first time was from July 1, 1997 until January 2, 1998 between the resignation of Secretary Jesse Brown and the appointment of Togo D. West, Jr. as Acting Secretary. The second time came on July 25, 2000 and lasted until January 20, 2001 after the resignation of Secretary West; this time Gober served in the post until the end of the Clinton presidency.

He started out in the VA as Deputy Secretary, serving from February 4, 1993 until August 10, 2000. Gober was also Secretary-designate, when Clinton named him on July 31, 1997 to replace Jesse Brown. However, the nomination was withdrawn before Senate action began. That happened on October 27 the same year. 

During his time as Secretary, Gober headed a delegation that traveled to Vietnam to try to find information about missing veterans there. He also worked to improve health care and create more clinics for veterans. 

Before serving in the VA, Gober was Director of the Arkansas Department of Veterans Affairs from January 4, 1988 to February 4, 1993 during President Clinton's time as Governor.

Gober served two tours in Vietnam. He also worked with an American/Vietnamese team that made Vietnamese songs. Later, in 1969, he was hurt while serving as a company commander.


Hazel R. O'Leary

Hazel Reid O'Leary (born May 17, 1937) was the seventh United States Secretary of Energy, from 1993 to 1997. She is the first and only woman and first and only African American to hold the position.

Born Hazel Reid in Newport News, Virginia, she was the daughter of doctors Russell E. and Hazel Reid. She has two sisters, Edna Reid and Marina Morse; and two brothers, Louis and William Morse.

After earning a bachelor's degree at Fisk University in Nashville, O'Leary earned her law degree from Rutgers School of Law—Newark.

Reid married John F. O'Leary on April 24, 1980. He was a former deputy energy secretary and died in 1987. They have a son named Carl. 

O'Leary worked as a prosecutor in New Jersey and later worked for the consulting/accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand. During the Carter Administration, O'Leary was made assistant administrator of the Federal Energy Administration, general counsel of the Community Services Administration, and administrator of the Economic Regulatory Administration at the Department of Energy. 

In 1981, O'Leary and her husband established the consulting firm of O'Leary & Associates, where she served as vice president and general counsel. From 1989 to 1993, she worked as an executive vice president of the Northern States Power Company. 

In 1993 President Bill Clinton picked O'Leary as Secretary of Energy. 

In 2004, O'Leary was selected as President of her undergraduate "alma mater", Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee.

Mount Whitney

Mount Whitney or Tumanguya is a mountain in eastern California. The mountain is about 14,505 feet (4,421 m). This makes Mount Whitney the tallest mountain in the contiguous United States. Mount Whitney is only 76 miles from Badwater in Death Valley National Park, which is the lowest point in the United States. Mount Whitney is in the Sierra Nevada. Mount Whitney was named by the California Geological Survey in 1864, they named it after Josiah Whitney.

Federico Peña

Federico Fabian Peña (born March 15, 1947) was United States Secretary of Transportation from 1993 to 1997 and United States Secretary of Energy from 1997 to 1998, during the presidency of Bill Clinton.

Born in Laredo, Texas, Peña earned a B.A. (1969) and a J.D. (1972) from the University of Texas at Austin and The University of Texas School of Law. Moving to Colorado, where he became an attorney, Peña was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1979, where he became the Minority Leader. In 1983, Peña became the first Hispanic Mayor of Denver, and he was re-elected in 1987.

Peña advised Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton on transportation issues during Clinton's successful 1992 presidential campaign, and Clinton chose Peña to head the United States Department of Transportation. Although he was going to leave Clinton's cabinet after Clinton's first term, Peña also served as Secretary of Energy for one year, from 1997 to 1998. In 1995 the Justice Department began a preliminary investigation into a California transit agency's awarding of a pension management contract to Peña's former investment management firm. However, Peña had cut all connections to his former company both before the contract and before becoming Transportation Secretary. On March 17, 1995 Janet Reno ended the investigation.

When Peña left the Clinton administration, he returned to Denver and joined investment firm Vestar Capital Partners in August 1998, as Senior Advisor. On January 18, 2000, Vestar announced that Peña had become one of the firm's Managing Directors.

Peña is the father of three children: Nelia, Cristina, and Ryan Peña. The divorce of Federico Peña and his first wife, Ellen Hart Peña, became final on September 10, 2001. Federico Peña married Cindy Velasquez on September 2, 2006. Cindy Velasquez is a former broadcast executive for Channel 7, KMGH-TV, and Channel 9, KUSA-TV, in Denver, Colorado.

On September 7, 2007, Peña announced that he would support Sen. Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election, and also serve as Obama's National Campaign Co-chair. The move was important in that Peña did not support Sen. Hillary Clinton, the wife of the president under whom he served. On November 5, 2008, he was named to the advisory board of the Obama-Biden Transition Project.

Peña Boulevard, a freeway in Denver connecting Denver International Airport to Interstate 70, is named for him. As mayor of Denver, Peña led the effort to build the airport.

Cynognathus

Cynognathus was a cynodont (a mammal-like reptile, not a dinosaur) that was the size of a wolf. This therapsid lived on open plains during the early to middle Triassic period, roughly 230-245 million years ago. It was probably warm-blooded and may have given birth to live young. Fossils have been found in South Africa and Argentina.

Natural units

Natural units are ways of measuring things that depend on some basic characteristics of nature that do not change. Which of these basic quantities to choose can depend on the physics problems being investigated, and sometimes choosing one thing as a natural unit means that the size of something else does not become used as a natural unit in that system.

The old system of English measurements such as the pound are based on convenient objects in the natural world. The "grain" is the smallest of these objects, and originally it meant the weight of a grain of wheat or barley. Each individual grain might be slightly larger or smaller than the next, but the more grains were added together to make a larger measure, the more these little differences would even out. Even so, these measures were not entirely precise and did not relate to other measures such as the inch or the foot.

In order to make calculations simpler and units more precise, the Metric system was based on facts of nature such as the size of the Earth, the length of a day, and the density of water. Difficulties later developed and other standards are used now for the old measures.

Eventually it turned out that the mass of an electron or the mass of a proton were more useful standards to use for mass. All electrons are believed to have the same mass, and all protons are believed to have their own standard mass. But there is no simple mathematical relationship between the two masses.

The speed of light, c, is a constant. So c is a very natural choice to use as a standard for measuring velocity.

One choice for a standard of length is the Bohr radius. The simplest atom, hydrogen, only has one electron, and its smallest possible orbit, that with the lowest energy, is at a distance from the nucleus called the Bohr radius.

With a standard for measuring distances and a standard for velocity, it would be possible to derive one standard unit of time. In practice, there are several ways of defining units of time. One of the most widely known ways to measure time by natural cycles is by using atomic clocks.

Fulacunda

Fulacunda is a town in center of Guinea-Bissau.

Fur seal

Fur seals are any of nine species of pinnipeds in the Otariidae family. One species, the northern fur seal ("Callorhinus ursinus") inhabits the North Pacific, while eight species in the Arctocephalus genus are found primarily in the Southern hemisphere.

Therefore they are not a single taxonomic unit.

Hugh A. Robertson

Hugh A. Robertson (May 28, 1932 – January 10, 1988) was an African-American movie director and editor.

Mike Rodríguez

Mike Rodriguez (born April 20, 1989) is an Ecuadorian football playmaker who plays for Ecuadorian giants Barcelona SC.

Morlaix

Morlaix () is a commune in Finistère department in Brittany in north-western France. It is a sub-prefecture of the department.

Bristol Filton Airport

Bristol Filton Airport or Filton Aerodrome lies on the border between Filton and Patchway, within South Gloucestershire, north of Bristol, England.

22171 Choi

22171 Choi (2000 WK179) is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on November 26, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Hólmar Örn Eyjólfsson

Hólmar Örn Eyjólfsson (born 6 August 1990) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a centre-back for Úrvalsdeild karla club Valur. He is the son of Eyjólfur Sverrisson, former Iceland international and manager.

Rosenborg

Žigmund Pálffy

Žigmund "Ziggy" Pálffy (born May 5, 1972) is an ethnic Hungarian Slovak professional ice hockey player currently playing for HK 36 Skalica of the Slovak Extraliga.

Greg Egan

Greg Egan (born 20 August 1961) is an Australian science fiction author. His first novel was published in 1983.

Billy Abercromby

William "Billy" Abercromby (born 14 September 1958 in Ruchill) is a retired Scottish football player.

He and Fraser Kirkwood wrote "Aber's Gonnae Get Ye: The Billy Abercromby Story". It was published in 2009.

Jürgen Seeberger

Jürgen Seeberger (born 25 March 1965 in Konstanz) is a German football manager currently managing V.f.B. Stuttgart II.

Caroline van Dommelen

Caroline van Dommelen (9 November 1874 – 4 March 1957) was a Dutch movie actress of the silent era. She appeared in eleven movies between 1911 and 1918.


Sam Shepard

Samuel Shepard Rogers III (November 5, 1943 – July 27, 2017) was an American playwright, actor, and television and movie director. He is the author of several books. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1979 for his play "Buried Child". Shepard was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of pilot Chuck Yeager in "The Right Stuff" (1983).

Born Samuel Shepard Rogers IV in Fort Sheridan, Illinois, he worked on a ranch as a teenager. His father, Samuel Shepard Rogers, Jr., was a teacher and farmer. His father was in the United States Army Air Forces as a bomber pilot during World War II. His mother, Jane Elaine (née Schook), was a teacher and from Chicago, Illinois. After high school, Shepard went to college for a little while. He quit to join a travelling theater group. He was also a drummer for the different late-1960s rock band The Holy Modal Rounders. The band was in the movie "Easy Rider" (1969).

Shepard died on July 27, 2017 at his home in Midway, Kentucky from complications of ALS, aged 73.

Terry Ellis

Terry Ellis (born September 5, 1963 in Houston, Texas, U.S.) is an African-American R&B singer best known for her work with the quartet En Vogue.

Jan Åge Fjørtoft

Jan Aage Fjörtoft (born 10 January 1967 in Ålesund) is a former Norwegian footballer.

Bob's Full House

Bob's Full House is a British quiz programme hosted by Bob Monkhouse which was based on the popular game 'Bingo' and aired on BBC One from 1 September 1984 until 27 January 1990.

Mathieu Flamini

Mathieu Flamini (born 7 March 1984) is a French football player. He plays for Milan.

14||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||9||0||23||0
102||7||11||0||9||0||30||1||152||8
29||0||1||0||colspan="2"|-||7||0||37||0
145||7||12||0||9||0||46||1||212||8

!Total||3||0

Theo Walcott

Theo James Walcott (born 16 March 1989) is an English professional footballer. He was born in northwest London and grew up in Compton, Berkshire. He plays as a forward for Everton and the England national team.

Southampton

Arsenal

England U21

Individual

Eriz

Eriz is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


GAIS

GAIS is an association football club in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. The club won the Swedish national championship in 1919, 1922, 1931 and 1954.


IFK Göteborg

IFK Göteborg is an association football club which plays in Sweden for Gothenburg. The club won the UEFA Cup in 1982 and 1987. The club also won the Swedish national championship in 1908, 1910, 1918, 1934–35, 1941–42, 1957–58, 1969, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1987, 1990, 1991, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996 and 2007.


Örgryte IS

Örgryte IS is an association football club which in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. The club won the first Swedish national championship in 1896, and was one of the stronger teams in Swedish association football of the late 19th century and early 20th century.

The club also won the Swedish national championship in 1896, 1897, 1898, 1899, 1902, 1904, 1905, 1906, 1907, 1909, 1913 and 1985


Helsingborgs IF

Helsingborgs IF is an association football club in the town of Helsingborg in Sweden. The club won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1929, 1930, 1933, 1934, 1941, 1942, 1999 and 2011.

AIK Solna

AIK is a football club from Solna, Stockholm, Sweden. The club also won the Swedish national championship in 1900, 1901, 1911, 1914, 1916, 1923, 1932, 1937, 1992, 1998. and 2009.

IFK Norrköping

IFK Norrköping is an association football club in the town of Norrköping in Sweden. The team has played several Allsvenskan seasons. The club has won the Swedish national championship in 1942–43, 1944–45, 1945–46, 1946–47, 1947–48, 1951–52, 1955–56, 1956–57, 1960, 1962, 1963, 1989 and 2015.


IFK Eskilstuna

IFK Eskilstuna is an association football club in the town of Eskilstuna in Sweden. The club won the Swedish national championship in 1921, and played several Allsvenskan seasons.


Hammarby Fotboll

Hammarby IF is an association football club in the town of Stockholm in Sweden. The club won Allsvenskan, becoming Swedish national champions, in 2001.


Jungo Fujimoto

Fujimoto was born in Yamato on March 24, 1984. When he played for University of Tsukuba, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in 2005. He was given number "10" shirt as Masaaki Sawanobori successor from the 2006 season. In the 2006 season, Fujimoto played 28 matches and scored 8 goals and was selected "Young Player of the Year award". The club won the 2nd place in the 2008 J.League Cup and 2010 Emperor's Cup. He was also selected Best Eleven in 2010. In 2011, he moved to Nagoya Grampus which won the J1 League champions in 2010 season. In 2011, the club won the 2nd place J1 League and he was selected Best Eleven. In 2014, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. Although he played many matches in 2014, his opportunity to play decreased under new manager Erick Mombaerts in 2015. In 2016, he moved to Gamba Osaka. From July 2019, he played for Kyoto Sanga FC and SC Sagamihara.

On March 24, 2007, Fujimoto debuted for the Japan national team against Peru and played 4 matches in 2007. In September 2010, he was selected the Japan for the first time in 3 years. In January 2011, he played at 2011 Asian Cup and Japan won the champions. He played 13 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2012.

355||56||31||6||59||8||20||5||465||75
355||56||31||6||59||8||20||5||465||75

!Total||13||1

Akihiro Hyodo

Akihiro Hyodo (born 12 May 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse.

119||11||16||2||29||2||164||15
119||11||16||2||29||2||164||15


Sarayu

Sarayu is a river which flows in Uttar Pradesh of India. Sarayu river originates in Himalaya. It flows across 350 km and merges into the Ganga river. Sarayu river is mentioned in Ramayana. Ramayana mention that city of Ayodhya was on the bank of Sarayu river.

Nashik

Nashik, also spelled as Nasik is a city in the northwest of Maharashtra State, India. It has 1,620,000 people. Nashik is about from Mumbai.

Nashik is a district on Maharashtra State. Nashik has 15 Talukas. Following are talukas of nashik.

Following are important cities in Nashik District

Nashik was previously just a holy place but now it has turned into industrial, educational centre. Due its close location to Mumbai it is developing fast.

Alexis Herman

Alexis Margaret Herman (born July 16, 1947 in Mobile, Alabama) was the 23rd U.S. Secretary of Labor, serving under President Bill Clinton. Before that, she was Assistant to the President and Director of the White House Office of Public Liaison.

The daughter of politician Alex Herman and schoolteacher Gloria Caponis, Alexis grew up a Catholic home in Mobile and earned her high school diploma in 1965 from the Heart of Mary High School. For a short time, she went to Edgewood College in Madison, Wisconsin, and Spring Hill College in Mobile, but then switched to Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans, where she became a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969.

After college, Herman worked for Catholic Charities and other agencies advocating minority women employment. Jimmy Carter met Herman while campaigning in Atlanta, Georgia, and after becoming President in 1977, picked her to be Director of the Labor Department's Women's Bureau. At age 29, she was the youngest person to ever serve in that position.

In 1981, Herman founded her own consulting firm - A.M. Herman & Associates. She served as president of the company while remaining active in Democratic politics. During her time as chief of staff and later vice chair of the Democratic National Committee, she was in charge of organizing the 1992 Democratic National Convention.

After Bill Clinton's win in the 1992 Presidential election, Herman became deputy director of the Presidential Transition Office. She was later picked to head the White House Office of Public Liaison, where she was responsible for the administration's relations with interest groups.

During Clinton's second term, Herman was named Secretary of Labor, the first African American to be picked for that position and the fifth woman to be picked. Congressional Republicans and labor unions initially opposed giving her the job. But she earned praise from her peers for her handling of the 1997 UPS workers strike. An independent counsel investigated her for taking cash bribes and/or illegal campaign donations as an assistant to Clinton from 1994 to 1996. She was the 5th cabinet officer be investigated by independent counsel. Bill Clinton testified on her side. In 2000 the investigation ended with no indictment.

During the 2000 Florida election recount, Herman was part of team planning a transition to a Gore Administration, and she was mentioned as a likely pick for White House Chief of Staff. She was replaced as Secretary of Labor in the George W. Bush administration by Elaine Chao.

Herman now serves as the co-chairperson (with James Roosevelt, Jr.) of the Democratic National Committee's Rules and Bylaws Committee.

Herman also serves on the boards of several big companies, including Coca Cola Corporation's Human Resources Task Force, Toyota's Diversity Advisory Board, Cummins, Metro Goldwyn Mayer, and Prudential and is the chairman and CEO of New Ventures, Inc.

Conjugate variables

Conjugate variables are special pairs of variables (like x, y, z) that don't give the same result when you do a certain mathematical operation with them. This means that x*y is not equal to y*x. Here, the * does not mean multiplication. It could mean addition, subtraction, division, or any operation that makes sense, in that case. 

A physicist, Werner Heisenberg, and his co-workers used equations studied in classical physics to describe and predict events from quantum physics. He discovered that the momentum (mass times velocity, represented by P) and position (represented by Q) are conjugate variables. This means that P*Q is not equal to Q*P, in quantum physics. 

Here are two special equations to calculate the energy of an electron (small green thing) in a hydrogen atom. 
The first equation could be used to find out the product of momentum and position:

The second equation could be used to calculate the product of position and momentum:

Some time later, another physicist, Max Born found out that, because P*Q is not equal to Q*P, the result of Q*P minus P*Q is not zero. (The "minus" is not the same minus of "3 - 2". It's a different thing with the same name).

Born found out that:

[The symbol Q is the matrix for position, P is the matrix for momentum, i is a complex number, and h is Planck's constant, a number that shows up in quantum mechanics a lot.] 

Conjugate variables have applications all over Physics, in Chemistry and in a bunch of other areas of science. 


Rail yard

A rail yard is a system of railway tracks used for the storage, loading and unloading, of railroad cars and/or locomotives.

Salcedo, Dominican Republic

The Dominican city of Salcedo is the head municipality of the Hermanas Mirabal province, on the central part of the country.

The city is named after "Francisco Antonio Salcedo" who fought in the northwestern part of the country against the Haitian army during the Dominican-Haitian War after the Dominican independence from Haiti in 1844.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 35,306: 17,683 men and 17,623 women. The urban population was of the total population.

In the place where is now the city of Salcedo there was a very small town with the name of "Juana Núñez". It was made a "Puesto cantonal" (an old category that now is called Municipal District) in 1880 as part of the old La Vega province.

With the creation of the Espaillat province in 1885, Juana Núñez was made part of this new province. In 1891, its name was changed from Juana Núñez to the present one, Salcedo.

Salcedo was made a municipality in 1905 and, when the Salcedo Province (now Hermanas Mirabal Province) was created in 1952, the city became the head municipality of the new province.

Salcedo in the Cibao valley, south of the Cordillera Septentrional ("Northern mountain range") and has a total area of . It has only one municipal district (a subdivision of a municipality): Jamao Afuera.

The city of Salcedo is at to the north of Santo Domingo and at to the east of Moca. It is at an elevation of above sea level.

The municipality is in the eastern part of the country, just to the south of the "Cordillera Oriental" (in English, "Eastern mountain range") in the region known as "Llano Costero del Caribe" (in English, "Caribbean Coastal Plain").

Salcedo has the municipality of Villa Tapia to the south, the Espaillat province to the west and north and the municipality of Tenares to the east.

Salcedo has a tropical wet climate (Köppen climate classification : Af), with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during the end of summer and in fall. The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of rainfall, followed by May with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is March with .

Salcedo is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is June with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Salcedo has only one municipal districts:

Farming is the only economic activity in the municipality, except for some very small industries; the main products are plantain, cassava and cacao.

Andrew of Cornwall

Andrew of Cornwall (Andreas Cornubiensis, Andreas de Cornubia, André de Cornouailles) (fl. 1290s) was a philosopher at Oxford during the 1290s. It is thought that he brought Parisian Modism to England, and that he helped to shape Duns Scotus with his ideas. 


Landry Bonnefoi

Landry Bonnefoi (born 20 September 1983) is a French football player. He plays for Amiens.

1||0
1||0
2||0

Hossein Kaebi

Hossein Kaebi (born 23 September 1985) is an Iranian football player. He plays for Steel Azin and Iran national team.

!Total||83||1

IF Elfsborg

IF Elfsborg is an association football club in the town of Borås in Sweden, established on 26 June 1904. IF Elfsborg won the Swedish national championship six times: in 1936, 1939, 1940, 1961., 2006 and 2012.
IF Elfsborg's home ground is the Borås Arena, which has a seating capacity for 16,894 people. IF Elfsborg's supporter group is called "Guliganerna".

In the national league system started the season 1924/25 played Elfsborg in western Swedish season in Division 2. Already in the following season, in 1925/26, Elfsborg won the series and went on to qualifying for ”Allsvenskan”. In the qualifying they had to meet Halmstads BK and after the team won respective game, there was a third deciding game in Gothenburg. The game was won by Elfsborg 4-1 and Nils Hedin made all Elfsborg four goals in the second half. That meant Elfsborg went up to the Allsvenskan for the first time.

The club debuted in Allsvenskan on 2 August 1926 in a game against Örgryte IS. It played in the top league continuously until 1954. During the club's early years from the mid 1930s until 1947, the team had several in the Sweden national team.


Daisuke Fujii

Daisuke Fujii (born 15 October 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki.

76||2||4||0||4||0||84||2
76||2||4||0||4||0||84||2

Yoshiki Takahashi

Yoshiki Takahashi (born 14 May 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vegalta Sendai.

242||20||14||2||0||0||256||22
242||20||14||2||0||0||256||22

Valon Behrami

Valon Behrami (born 19 April 1985) was a Swiss football player. He played for West Ham United and Switzerland national team.

2||0
122||7
24||1
148||8

!Total||25||2

Djurgårdens IF Fotboll

Djurgårdens IF is a association football club in the town of Stockholm in Sweden.

The club has won the highest Swedish division Allsvenskan 11 times, 3 of those during the 21th centuary, making them the most successful club in Sweden during this period. The club also won the Swedish national championship in 1912, 1915, 1917, 1920, 1954–1955, 1959, 1964, 1966, 2002, 2003 and 2005.

The club, which was founded in 1891, started it's association football section in 1899. The team plays in darkblue and lightblue stripes. Since 1936 Stockholms Stadion has been the home stadium, but they have big plans to build a new arena with around 18000 seats. The current captain is Pa Dembo Touray and the deputy captain is Mattias Jonson.
The manager of Djurgårdens IF is Lennart Wass and Carlos Banda.

During the 2013 season of the elite and professional Swedish league (Allsvenskan), Djurgården’s kit featured the logo of Djurgårdsandan.


Zlatko Kranjčar

Zlatko Kranjčar (15 November 1956 – 1 March 2021) was a Croatian football player and manager. He played for Yugoslavia national team and Croatia national team.

Kranjčar died on 1 March 2021 at a Zagreb hospital at the age of 64.

261||98
213||108
474||206

!Total||11||3

!Total||2||1

Raúl Vicente Amarilla

Raúl Vicente Amarilla (born July 19, 1960) is a former Paraguayan football player.

26||15||5||3||4||0||35||18
26||15||5||3||4||0||35||18

Ariel Ibagaza

Ariel Ibagaza (born 27 October 1976) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Villarreal.

98||10
318||30
416||40

!Total||1||0

Luis Amaranto Perea

Luis Amaranto Perea (born 30 January 1979) is a Colombian football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid and Colombia national team.

118||0
16||0
149||0
283||0

!Total||49||0

Igor Lediakhov

Igor Lediakhov (born 22 May 1968) is a former Russian football player. He has played for Soviet Union national team and Russia national team.

107||4
100||26
228||44
23||15
458||89

!Total||7||1

!Total||8||0

Yosuke Nishi

Yosuke Nishi (born 12 May 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Grulla Morioka.

73||17||6||2||0||0||79||19
73||17||6||2||0||0||79||19

Twilight Comes Twice

Twilight Comes Twice is a children's book of free verse written by Ralph Fletcher with pictures drawn by Kate Kiesler. It was first published in 1997, and describes the changes from night to day and from day to night.



Free verse

Free verse is a term for different styles of poetry that do not rhyme. Poets who have written in free verse include Rainer Maria Rilke, Saint-John Perse, T. S. Eliot, Ezra Pound, Carl Sandburg, William Carlos Williams, C.K. Williams, Charles Simic, and Giannina Braschi.


Salva Ballesta

Salva Ballesta (born 22 May 1975) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Albacete Balompié.

340||133
6||0
346||133
!Total||4||0

Toshihiro Yahata

Toshihiro Yahata (born 29 May 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

46||3||6||0||3||0||55||3
46||3||6||0||3||0||55||3

Javier Chevantón

Javier Chevantón (born 12 August 1980) is a former Uruguayan football player. He had an 18-year career, in Italy, France, Spain, Argentina, England, and Uruguay.

57||49
87||46
50||20
34||8
228||123

!Total||22||7

Takashi Hirano

Hirano was born in Shizuoka on July 15, 1974. After graduating from Shimizu Commercial High School, he joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus Eight in 1993. He played many matches as left midfielder from first season. The club won the champions in the 1995 and 1999 Emperor's Cup. He played 222 matches and scored 43 goals. In summer 2000, he moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga. However the club was relegated to J2 League end of the 2000 season. He played for Júbilo Iwata in 2001 and Vissel Kobe in 2002. In 2003, he moved to Tokyo Verdy. The club won the champions in the 2004 Emperor's Cup. However the club was relegated to J2 end of 2005 season. From 2006, he played Yokohama F. Marinos, Omiya Ardija and Vancouver Whitecaps. He retired in 2010.

On June 8, 1997, Hirano debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Croatia. He also played at 1998 World Cup qualification in 1997. In 1998, he was selected Japan for 1998 World Cup. He played two games as a substitute at the 1998 World Cup. He played 15 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 2000.

352||54||29||6||63||12||444||72
65||1||||||||||65||1
417||55||29||6||63||12||509||73

!Total||15||4

Tadatoshi Masuda

Masuda was born in Shizuoka on December 25, 1973. After graduating from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he joined Kashima Antlers in 1992. He debuted in 1994 and played many games as offensive midfielder. The club won the champions at 1996 J1 League and 1997 J.League Cup. However he got hurt in August 1998. Although he came back in September 1999, his opportunity to play decreased. He moved to FC Tokyo in June 2000. After that, he played for JEF United Ichihara (2002), Kashiwa Reysol (2003-2005) and Oita Trinita (2006). He retired end of 2006 season.

On February 15, 1998, Masuda debuted for the Japan national team against Australia.

235||32||23||5||55||10||313||47
235||32||23||5||55||10||313||47

!Total||1||0

Hiroshige Yanagimoto

Yanagimoto was born in Higashiosaka on October 15, 1972. After graduating from Nara Ikuei High School, he joined Mazda (later "Sanfrecce Hiroshima") in 1991. He played as regular player at right side-back. The club won the 2nd place at 1994 J1 League, 1995 and 1996 Emperor's Cup. In 1999, he moved to his local club Gamba Osaka. He moved to Osaka Prefecture's cross town rivals, Cerezo Osaka in 2003. The club won the 2nd place at 2003 Emperor's Cup. He retired end of 2006 season.

In January 1995, Yanagimoto was selected for the Japan national team for the 1995 King Fahd Cup. At this competition, on January 8, he debuted against Argentina. After debut, he became a regular player at right side-back. In 1996, he played in all matches included 1996 Asian Cup. However at 1998 World Cup qualification in March 1997, he got hurt and subsequently dropped from the national team. He had played 30 games for Japan until 1997.

320||4||32||2||48||0||400||6
320||4||32||2||48||0||400||6

!Total||30||0

Miroslav Mentel

Miroslav Mentel (born December 2, 1962) is a former Slovak football player.

10||0||2||0||2||0||14||0
10||0||2||0||2||0||14||0

Keiji Kaimoto

Kaimoto was born in Suita on November 26, 1972. After graduating from Tokai University, he joined Japan Football League club Vissel Kobe in 1995. The club won the 2nd place in 1996 and was promoted to J1 League. From 1997, he played many matches. In 2001, he moved to Nagoya Grampus Eight. In 2003, his younger brother Kojiro Kaimoto also joined Grampus. However his opportunity to play gradually decreased. He moved to Albirex Niigata with Kojiro in 2005. Although he played many matches, Kojiro left the club in May 2006. His opportunity to play decreased from 2007 and retired end of 2008 season.

Kaimoto was capped once for the Japan national team, when he played a 2000 Asian Cup match against Qatar at the group stage in Beirut on October 20. He was sent off in the 39th minute in the match. Japan went on to win the tournament.

213||8||11||1||31||1||255||10
213||8||11||1||31||1||255||10

!Total||1||0

Norihiro Nishi

Nishi was born in Takatsuki on May 9, 1980. After graduating from Funabashi Municipal High School, he joined J1 League club Júbilo Iwata in 1999. He played many matches from first season. The club won the champions in 1999, 2002 J1 League and 2003 Emperor's Cup. In Asia, the club won the champions 1998–99 Asian Club Championship and the 2nd place 1999–00 and 2000–01 Asian Club Championship. His opportunity to play decreased for injury from 2004. In 2009 and 2010, he played most matches and the club won 2010 J.League Cup. He moved to Tokyo Verdy in 2012 and played until 2013. After that, he played for Police United (2014) and Okinawa SV (2016). He retired end of 2016 season.

In September 2000, Nishi was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2000 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in the match.

On April 25, 2004, Nishi debuted for Japan national team against Hungary. In July, he was selected Japan for 2004 Asian Cup. He played 2 matches and Japan won the champions. He played 5 games for Japan in 2004.

328||47||33||8||47||3||8||2||416||60
328||47||33||8||47||3||8||2||416||60

!Total||5||0

Fingering (sexual act)

Fingering is the act of touching the vulva or vagina and sometimes the anus for the purpose of sexual stimulation with the fingers. It is like the handjob, which is the manual stimulation of the penis. It is a common form of foreplay or mutual masturbation. To "finger oneself" is to masturbate in this way.

Digital penetration is penetration (for example sexual penetration) with one or more fingers.

Vaginal fingering can end in orgasm. It also may or may not include the entire sexual encounter. It may be part of foreplay or part of a start to other sexual activities. These activities can provide sexual pleasure to a partner when penetrative intercourse is not possible or desirable for whatever reason.

Fingering of the butt and rectum is commonly enjoyed in preparation for further anal sex. Anal fingering can arouse a person, allowing them to relax their anus and prepare them for the insertion of a penis or a dildo.

The practice is generally considered safe sex as long as the hands are protected with latex gloves.

Bogon filtering

"Bogon" is an informal name for an IP packet on the public Internet that claims to be from an area of the IP address space that is not used. The space not yet assigned by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) or a delegated Regional Internet Registry (RIR). The areas of unallocated address space are called "bogon space".

For example, addresses from 100.x.x.x - 107.x.x.x have not yet been allocated (set aside) (as of September 2009, see for a complete current list)

Bogons are not the same as reserved private address ranges:

John Rolfe

John Rolfe (c. 1585 – 1622) was one of the early English settlers of North America. He is known for the first successful making of tobacco as an export crop in the Colony of Virginia. He is also known as the husband of Pocahontas, daughter of the chief of the Powhatan Confederacy. 

Watts riots

The Watts riots was a race riot which lasted 6 days in August 1965 in Watts part of Los Angeles, California. 34 people died, 1,032 were hurt, and 3,438 went to jail. It was the worst riot in Los Angeles history until the 1992 Los Angeles riots.



Dodger Stadium

Dodger Stadium is a baseball park in Los Angeles, California. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Los Angeles Dodgers. It was built in 1962, making it one of the oldest ball parks. (Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts and Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois are older.) It is also the largest baseball park in seating capacity.

Dodger Stadium was constructed from 1959 to 1962 at a cost of $23 million dollars. A neighborhood called Chavez Ravine had to be torn down to build the stadium. The Los Angeles Angels rented from the Dodgers from 1962 through 1965, before moving to Anaheim Stadium. The Angels called the ballpark Chavez Ravine Stadium.

Over five million people have seen a game in Dodger Stadium. The Dodgers have won four World Series while playing in the stadium, in 1963, 1965, 1981 and 1988.

There was talk of tearing down the stadium to build a football stadium, but that did not happen.

Venice, Los Angeles

Venice is a place in western Los Angeles, California, United States. It is known for its canals, beaches and circus-like Ocean Front Walk, which features performers, fortune-tellers and vendors.

In summer, the boardwalk is busy. Many tourists visit. It was home to early Beat poets and artists in Los Angeles. Its area codes are 310 and a 424 overlay. Its ZIP Code is 90291. 

The borders are the Pacific Ocean on the southwest, Marina Del Rey on the southeast, Culver City on the east, Mar Vista on the northeast, and Santa Monica on the north.

Hollywood Walk of Fame

The Hollywood Walk of Fame is a sidewalk along Hollywood Boulevard and Vine Street in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, USA, that is like an entertainment museum. There are over 2500 stars on the sidewalk. The names of famous entertainers and famous fictional characters are written on the stars. It is a popular tourist attraction, with an estimated 10 million annual visitors in 2010.

Playboy Mansion

The Playboy Mansion (also known as the Playboy Mansion West), is in Holmby Hills in Los Angeles, California, and is the home of "Playboy" magazine creator Hugh Hefner.

University of Southern California

The University of Southern California (also called USC, SC, and Southern California) is a private, research university in the Exposition Park neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, USA. USC was founded in 1880, and it is California's oldest private research university. 
USC has 16,384 undergraduate and 17,024 graduate students and gave 4,676 bachelor's and 5,380 advanced degrees in 2007. USC students come from all 50 states in the United States as well as over 115 countries.


USC employed 3,127 full-time faculty, 1,363 part-time faculty, and about 8,200 staff members in 2007. The university has a "very high" level of research activity, and it got $484.6 million in sponsored research in 2007. The Integrated Media Systems Center and the Center for Biomimetic Microelectronic Systems are at USC.
USC has 19 sports teams that compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I-A Pacific-10 Conference. Their nickname is the Trojans. The Trojans have won 89 NCAA team championships, third in the nation (behind UCLA and Stanford), and 347 Individual NCAA Championships, second in the nation. 362 Trojan athletes have been in the Olympic games winning 112 gold, 66 silver, and 58 bronze medals. Their basketball team plays in the Galen Center and is coached by Kevin O'Neill. Their football team plays in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and is coached by Lane Kiffin. The football team has won several national championships and 23 Rose Bowls, a game played between two of the top football teams in the country. In sports, USC has a strong rivalry with UCLA, the other big school in Los Angeles, in all sports and a strong rivalry with Notre Dame in football.


Endoplasmic reticulum

Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a cellular organelle. It is the transport network for molecules going to specific places, as compared to molecules that float freely in the cytoplasm. The endoplasmic reticulum is in cells that have a nucleus: in eukaryote cells but not in prokaryote cells. It takes these forms:


Similar to the ER is the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) found only in muscle cells. The SR stores and pumps calcium ions. The SR contains large stores of calcium, which it releases when the muscle cell is stimulated. Another type of cytoplasmic network is the plate-like Golgi apparatus.

The lacey membranes of the endoplasmic reticulum were first seen in 1945 by scientists using an electron microscope.

Jimaní

The Dominican city of Jimaní is the head municipality of the Independencia province, on the southwestern part of the country. The city is near the border with Haiti, on the main road that goes from the Dominican Republic to Port-au-Prince, capital city of Haiti.

For most of its history, Jimaní was part of Neiba but in 1938 it was made part of La Descubierta and in 1943 was elevated to the category of municipal districts (a municipal district is an administrative part of a municipality) of La Descubierta, in the Baoruco province.

With the creation of the Independencia province in 1948, Jimaní was made the head municipality of that new province.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 10,034: 4,967 men and 5,067 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Jimaní is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley, in the southwest of the country, close to Haiti. The municipality has a total area of . It has two municipal districts (subdivisions of a municipality): Boca de Cachón and El Limón.

The city of Jimaní is at to the west of Azua and at to Santo Domingo. It is at an elevation of above sea level.

It is between the two main lakes of the Hispaniola: Lake Enriquillo (Dominican Republic) and Étang Saumâtre (Haiti).

Jimaní has the municipality of La Descubierta, the Lake Enriquillo and the Baoruco province to the north, the Barahona province to the east, the Pedernales to the south and Haiti to the west.

Jimaní has a tropical wet and dry/ savanna climate (Köppen climate classification : Aw).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during the end of summer and in fall. The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is December with .

Jimaní is in a very hot region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Jimaní has two municipal districts:

The main economic activity is commerce with Haiti. Farming is not well developed because the region is very dry and hot. Most people that lives here work for the government or in the commerce between the two countries.

MouseHunt

MouseHunt is a popular game on Facebook. The game is about you catching different kinds of mice using different traps and bases and different kinds of cheeses. To move up levels, you must get more points by catching more unique mice.

There is a total of 15 ranks (14 using points and 1 by donating). They are:


Zhoukoudian

Zhoukoudian or Choukoutien () is a cave system in Beijing, China. Many archaeological discoveries were found here, including one of the first specimens of "Homo erectus", dubbed Peking Man, and bones of the large hyena "Pachycrocuta brevirostris". The Peking Man lived in this cave about 200,000 to 750,000 years ago. 

The Peking Man Site was discovered by Johan Gunnar Andersson in 1921 and was first excavated by Otto Zdansky in 1921 and 1923 unearthing two human teeth.

Morant Bay rebellion

The Morant Bay rebellion began on October 11, 1865, when Paul Bogle led 200 to 300 black men and women into the town of Morant Bay, parish of St. Thomas in the East, Jamaica. The rebellion and its aftermath were a major turning point in Jamaica's history, and also generated a significant political debate in Britain. Today, the rebellion remains controversial, and is frequently mentioned by specialists in black and in colonial studies.

Slavery ended in Jamaica on August 1, 1834, with the passing of the British Emancipation Act, which led to emancipation on 1 August 1838 – the date on which former slaves became free to choose their employment and employer. 

Herta Müller

Herta Müller (born 17 August 1953) is a Romanian-born German novelist, poet and essayist noted for her works depicting the harsh conditions of life in Communist Romania under the repressive Nicolae Ceauşescu regime, the history of the Germans in the Banat (and more broadly, Transylvania), and the persecution of Romanian ethnic Germans by Stalinist Soviet occupying forces in Romania. Müller has been an internationally well-known author since the early 1990s, and her works have been translated into more than 20 languages. She has received over 20 awards, including the 1998 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award. On 8 October 2009, it was announced she would be awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Literature.

1138 Aleppo earthquake

The 1138 Aleppo earthquake happened near the town of Aleppo in northern Syria on 11 October 1138. The United States Geological Survey lists it as the third deadliest earthquake in history with 230,000 people killed. However, the total comes from a combination of this earthquake with earthquakes in November 1137 on the Jazira plain and 30 September 1139 in Ganja, Azerbaijan in historical records. Ibn Taghribirdi first wrote about this large number of deaths in the fifteenth century.

Filippa Reinfeldt

Filippa Desiree Amanda Cay Reinfeldt (née Holmberg, born June 14, 1967 in Stockholm) is a Swedish Moderate Party politician. She has been Municipal Commissioner () of Täby, Uppland, since 2002 and Mayor and Chairperson of the Täby Municipal Executive since 2005. Previously Reinfeldt was an appointed to various posts ("förtroendevald") in the Stockholm City Council from 1991 to 1994 and councillor in the Stockholm County Council from 1994.

Filippa is married since 1992 to Moderate Party leader and Prime Minister of Sweden Fredrik Reinfeldt, with whom she has three children.

Karl Wilhelm Scheibler

Karl Wilhelm Scheibler (1 September 1820 – 13 April 1881) was a German - Polish industrialist.

Sarah Silverman

Sarah Kate Silverman (born December 1, 1970) is an American stand-up comedian, writer, celebrity, singer and musician. Although usually credited as "Sarah Silverman," she is sometimes credited by her nickname, "Big S." Her satirical comedy addresses social taboo and controversial topics such as racism, sexism and religion.

Coat of arms of Australia

The coat of arms of Australia has two animals; the emu and kangaroo. The animals are each on one side separated by a shield. The shield shows the badge of each six states. The current version was granted by King George V on 19 September 1912

Dinnerladies

Dinnerladies was a British sitcom. It was written by, co-produced by and starred Victoria Wood. The series had 16 episodes. It was broadcast on the BBC from 1998 to 2000.

The setting is the canteen of HWD Components, a fictional Manchester factory. During its two years, "Dinnerladies" follows the lives of the people working in the canteen.

Canteen staff:

Factory staff:

Other characters:

Jeroen Boere

Jeroen Boere (18 November 1967 – 16 August 2007) is a former Dutch football player.

181||74
116||32
26||18
323||124

Jorginho (footballer, born 1979)

Jorge Luiz de Amorim Silva (born 5 September 1979) is a Brazilian football player.

73||27||6||5||4||1||83||33
73||27||6||5||4||1||83||33

Ryang Kyu-Sa

Ryang Kyu-Sa (born 3 June 1978) is a former North Korean football player. He has played for Korea DPR national team.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

!Total||2||2

Halmstads BK

Halmstads BK is an association football club in the town of Halmstad in Sweden. The club won Allsvenskan, becoming Swedish national champions, in the years of 1976, 1979, 1997 and 2000. They also won the Swedish Cup in 1995.


Diego Souza (footballer, born 1984)

Diego de Souza Gama Silva (born 22 March 1984) is a Brazilisn football player. He plays for Kyoto Sanga.

152||54||3||1||10||0||165||55
152||54||3||1||10||0||165||55

Marcelinho Carioca

Marcelinho Carioca (born 31 December 1971) is a Brazilian former football player.

315||96
5||0
21||3
12||6
10||2
363||107

!Total||3||2


Johan Djourou

Johan Djourou (born 18 January 1987) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Arsenal and Switzerland national team.

10||1||||||||||||||10||1
58||0||7||0||12||0||13||0||90||0
68||1||7||0||12||0||13||0||100||1

!Total||24||1

North Korea national football team

North Korea national football team is the national football team of North Korea.

Cape Verde national football team

Cape Verde national football team is the national football team of Cape Verde.

Cook Islands national football team

Cook Islands national football team is the national football team of Cook Islands.

Fiji national football team

Fiji national football team is the national football team of Fiji.

Kiribati national football team

Kiribati national football team is the national football team of Kiribati.

Federated States of Micronesia national football team

Federated States of Micronesia national football team is the national football team of Federated States of Micronesia.

Niue national football team

Niue national football team is the national football team of Niue.

Northern Mariana Islands national football team

Northern Mariana Islands national football team is the national football team of Northern Mariana Islands.

Palau national football team

Palau national football team is the national football team of Palau.

Papua New Guinea national soccer team

The Papua New Guinea national soccer team represents Papua New Guinea in international men's soccer.

Samoa national football team

Samoa national football team is the national football team of Samoa.

Solomon Islands national football team

Solomon Islands national football team is the national football team of Solomon Islands.

Tahiti national football team

Tahiti national football team is the national football team of Tahiti.

Tonga national football team

Tonga national football team is the national football team of Tonga.

"*= Fake results"

Tuvalu national football team

Tuvalu national football team is the national football team of Tuvalu.

Vanuatu national football team

Vanuatu national football team is the national football team of Vanuatu. In the Pacific Games they reached the semifinals seven times and the finals once. In the OFC Nations Cup, they reached the semifinals four times. They have never competed in the World Cup. Vanuatu was formerly named New Hebrides. 

Yuji Sakakura

Sakakura was educated at and played for Yokkaichi Chuo Technical High School and Juntendo University. After finishing the university, he joined Japan Soccer League side Furuawa Electric (later "JEF United Ichihara"). In 1992, Japan Soccer League was folded and the club joined new league, J1 League. He moved to Nagoya Grampus Eight in 1995, then Japan Football League side Brummell Sendai in 1996. He finished his playing career in 1998 at his home town club Mind House TC, a Regional Leagues side, after playing for them for one season.

On July 27, 1990, Sakakura debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. He was selected Japan for 1990 Asian Games and played 2 matches. He played 6 games for Japan until 1991. He was also a member of the Japan which won the 1992 Asian Cup, but did not play in the tournament.

After the retirement, Sakakura started coaching career at new club Yokohama FC in 1999. He served as an assistant coach. He also managed the club as caretaker in 2001. In 2005, he moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga (later "Kyoto Sanga FC") and served as a manager for the youth team. In 2008, he moved to Tochigi SC. He mainly served as assistant coach for top team. In 2014, he was promoted to a manager. He resigned in July 2015. In 2016, he signed with Shimizu S-Pulse and served as a assistant coach. In 2018, he moved to AC Nagano Parceiro and served as a assistant coach. In June, he became a manager and managed the club until end of 2018 season.

135||1||5||0||22||0||162||1
135||1||5||0||22||0||162||1

!Total||6||0

Shingi Ono

Shingi Ono (born 9 April 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

315||49||20||4||5||1||340||54
315||49||20||4||5||1||340||54

Sergei Aleinikov

Sergei Aleinikov (born 7 November 1961) is a former Belarusian football player. He has played for Soviet Union national team and Belarus national team.

Dinamo Minsk

Juventus

Soviet Union

Individual

Alloa Athletic F.C.

Alloa Athletic F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

East Fife F.C.

East Fife F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

East Fife's original ground was Bayview Park, in Wellesley Road in the centre of Methil. Since 1998, home matches have been played at the new all-seated Bayview Stadium situated at the old Lower Methil docks, capacity .

Forfar Athletic F.C.

Forfar Athletic F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Arbroath F.C.

Arbroath F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Arturo Lupoli

Arturo Lupoli (born 24 June 1987) is an Italian football player. He plays for Ascoli.

Lauren Etame Mayer

Lauren Etame Mayer (born 19 January 1977) is a retired Cameroonian football player. He has played for Cameroon national team.

143||18
184||7
327||25
!Total||24||1

Tomoya Uchida

Tomoya Uchida (born 10 July 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Omiya Ardija.

"Updated to 15 December 2016."

Kenichi Shimokawa

Shimokawa was born in Gifu on May 14, 1970. After graduating from Gifu Technical High School, he joined Furukawa Electric (later "JEF United Ichihara") in 1989. From first season, he played as regular goalkeeper over 10 seasons. In 2000, his opportunity to play decreased behind Ryo Kushino. He moved to Yokohama F. Marinos in 2001. However, there were few opportunities to play in the match. His only match in the J1 League at Yokohama F. Marinos is last game in 2003 season. In this match, he played instead Tetsuya Enomoto was shown a red card in the 15th minute. Marinos won this match and won the J1 League champions in this season. He retired end of 2006 season.

On June 10, 1995, Shimokawa debuted for the Japan national team against Sweden. He played in all match at 1996 Asian Cup. He played 9 games for Japan until 1997.

277||0||12||0||34||0||323||0
277||0||12||0||34||0||323||0

!Total||9||0

Kunie Kitamoto

Kunie Kitamoto (born 18 September 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

248||13||14||0||33||0||295||13
248||13||14||0||33||0||295||13

Tadahiro Akiba

Akiba was born in Chiba on October 13, 1975. After graduating from Funabashi Municipal High School, he joined his local club JEF United Ichihara in 1994. He played many matches as defensive midfielder in 1995. However his opportunity to play decreased for injury in 1996. Although he moved to Avispa Fukuoka (1997) and Cerezo Osaka (1998), he could hardly play in the match. He moved to J2 League club Albirex Niigata in 1999. He played as regular player and the club was promoted to J1 League end of the 2003 season. However his opportunity to play decreased in 2004 season and he moved to newly was promoted to J2 League club, Tokushima Vortis in 2005. He played many matches and he moved to Thespa Kusatsu in September 2006. He played until 2008. He moved to SC Sagamihara in 2009 and played as playing manager until 2010. He retired end of the 2010 season.

In April 1995, Akiba was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1995 World Youth Championship. He played full time in all 4 matches as central defender of three backs defense. In July 1996, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 1996 Summer Olympics. He played 1 match as substitute as defensive midfielder. Although Japan won 2 matches, Japan lost at First round. At this time, Japan won Brazil in first game. It was known as "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan.

In 2009, when Akiba played for SC Sagamihara, he became a playing manager. In 2010, he retired playing career and resigned as manager. In 2011, he signed with Mito HollyHock and became an assistant coach. In 2013, he moved to Thespakusatsu Gunma and became a manager. He resigned end of the 2014 season. In 2020, he signed with Mito HollyHock as a manager.

404||5||19||0||24||0||447||5
404||5||19||0||24||0||447||5

Montrose F.C.

Montrose F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Brechin City F.C.

Brechin City F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Yuji Hironaga

Hironaga was born in Osaka Prefecture on July 25, 1975. After graduating from Toin Gakuen High School, he joined Verdy Kawasaki (later "Tokyo Verdy") in 1994. He played as defensive midfielder and center back. In 1994, the club won the championships for the J1 League and J.League Cup. He moved to his local club Gamba Osaka in 1998. He played many matches at Gamba, and returned to Verdy in June 1999. He played as a forward as well as a midfielder. His opportunity to play decreased in 2001 and he moved to the J2 League club Yokohama FC. He played many matches as defensive midfielder. He moved to Cerezo Osaka in 2003. He retired at the end of the 2004 season.

In July 1996, Hironaga was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 1996 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder. Although Japan won 2 matches, Japan lost at First round. At this time, Japan won Brazil in first game. It was known as "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan.

175||12||11||1||26||1||212||14
175||12||11||1||26||1||212||14

Kiyokazu Kudo

Kiyokazu Kudo (born 21 June 1974) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Avispa Fukuoka.

369||19||29||3||35||2||433||24
369||19||29||3||35||2||433||24

Karel Brückner

Karel Brückner (; born 13 November 1939, Olomouc) is a Czech retired football coach.

Inter Bratislava

Nithsdale Wanderers F.C.

Nithsdale Wanderers F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland. Their home ground is Lorimer Park.

Helensburgh F.C.

Helensburgh F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Ryuji Michiki

Michiki was born in Nagasaki Prefecture on August 25, 1973. After graduating from Kunimi High School, he joined Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 1992. He mainly played as left side-back. The club won the 2nd place at 1995 and 1996 Emperor's Cup. Although he moved to Yokohama Marinos (later "Yokohama F. Marinos") in 1998, his opportunity to play decreased. He moved to Urawa Reds in 1999. In 2003, although he moved to Vissel Kobe in January, he resigned in February. Although he signed with Oita Trinita in April, he resigned in June.

In July 1996, Michiki was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 1996 Summer Olympics and he played in all matches. In first match against Brazil, he assisted Teruyoshi Ito's goal and Japan won Brazil (1-0). It was known as "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan. On October 13, 1996, he debuted for Japan national team against Tunisia. He was selected Japan for 1996 Asian Cup in December, but he did not play in the match. He played 4 games for Japan until 1997.

173||8||16||0||31||1||220||9
173||8||16||0||31||1||220||9

!Total||4||0

Norihiro Satsukawa

Norihiro Satsukawa (born 18 April 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

323||2||27||0||59||2||409||4
323||2||27||0||59||2||409||4

C.A. Progreso

C.A. Progreso is a football club which plays in Uruguay.

Tetsuya Enomoto

Tetsuya Enomoto (born 2 May 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos.

132||0||11||0||35||0||5||0||183||0
132||0||11||0||35||0||5||0||183||0


Makoto Kakegawa

Makoto Kakegawa (born 23 May 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

147||0||12||0||30||0||189||0
147||0||12||0||30||0||189||0

Naoto Otake

Otake was born in Shizuoka on October 18, 1968. After graduating from Juntendo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club All Nippon Airways (later "Yokohama Flügels") in 1991. In 1992, Japan Soccer League was folded and the club joined new league, J1 League. The club won the champions in 1993 Emperor's Cup. He played 188 matches as regular center back until 1997. In 1998, he moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga. The club was relegated to J2 League end of 2000 season. In 2001, the club won the champions and was promoted to J1 in a year. He retired end of 2001 season.

On September 27, 1994, Otake debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. He was also a member of the Japan team that won the 1992 Asian Cup but did not play in the match.

287||5||16||0||50||1||353||6
287||5||16||0||50||1||353||6

!Total||1||0

Downtown São Paulo

The Downtown São Paulo (or Central Zone São Paulo, or simply Center São Paulo) is a commercial district and the third major Central Business District of São Paulo. 

The region is administered by Subprefeitura da Sé Encompassing the neighborhoods and districts Bela Vista, Bom Retiro, Cambuci, Consolação, Aclimação, Bras, Liberdade, República, Sé and Santa Cecília. Not to be confused with the region known as Downtown Expanded, used eventually by the city government in actions urban planning, which also includes parts of the subdistricts of the Mooca, Lapa, Pinheiros and Vila Mariana or with Historic Center São Paulo Which includes only the oldest part of the central region.

It is the largest financial district of South America and Latin America.


Grandpa Never Lies

Grandpa Never Lies is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher with pictures drawn by Harvey Stevenson. It was first published in 2000.

A young girl describes her special bond with her grandfather over four seasons. The Grandfather tells creative stories in answer to her questions. Each story is followed by her saying "And Grandpa never lies, so I know it's so". Then Grandma suddenly dies and the little girl and her grandfather are sad and comfort each other.



BookCrossing

BookCrossing (also: BC, BCing or BXing) is defined as "the practice of leaving a book in a public place to be picked up and read by others, who then do likewise." The term comes from bookcrossing.com, a free online book club which began in order to further the practice, with the goal to "make the whole world a library."

The 'crossing' or exchanging of books may take many different forms, including wild releasing books in public, direct swaps with other members of the website, or "book rings" in which books travel in a set order to people who want to read that book. The community aspect of BookCrossing.com has grown in ways that were not expected at the start, in the form of blog or forum discussions, mailing lists and yearly conventions all over the world.

Ron Hornbaker came up the idea for what is now known as BookCrossing in March 2001. About four weeks later, on April 17, he started the website, which has grown all over the world. By April 2003 the website had over 113,000 members, and in 2004 the "Concise Oxford Dictionary" included the word "bookcrossing". In the same year, BookCrossing was featured as a part of a storyline in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". As of 30 September 2009, Bookcrossing.com had over 814,000 members, with over 5,800,000 registered books.

In July 2007 Singapore became the first official BookCrossing country in the world. 2,000 locations within the country were designated as 'hotspots', similar to Official BookCrossing Zones. In 2008, BookCrossing was introduced to Abu Dhabi as part of a joint venture with the Abu Dhabi Authority for Culture and Heritage.

In May 2005 BookCrossing.com won two People's Voice awards in the Webby Awards for best community website and best social/networking website. BookCrossing was also featured in a BBC Radio project broadcast as 84 Book Crossing Road , which involved releasing 84 copies of Helene Hanff's book "84 Charing Cross Road" around the world. The show was produced by Tim Heffer and Alan Hall of Falling Tree Productions, and was nominated for a Sony Radio Academy Award in 2006.

Anyone who wishes to "release" books, whether leaving it in a public place or passing it on to a friend, must register on the BookCrossing.com website, although there is the option to remain hidden when "catching" the find of a book. BookCrossing.com users can 'go hunting', where a member will go to the website to view a list of books that have just been "released", then go to the place it was left to "catch" it. Books may also be left at Official BookCrossing Zones" (OBCZs), which are located in certain coffee shops, cafes, restaurants and other public places. The purpose of these places is to get members in the area to leave books to share with the public. This also promotes BookCrossing and creates more members.


Bukit Timah

Bukit Timah is an area in Singapore and a hill in that area. Bukit Timah Hill stands at an altitude of and is the highest point in the city-state of Singapore. Bukit Timah is near the centre of Singapore island. Bukit Timah is 10 kilometres (6 miles) from Singapore's business district.

Bukit Timah, which means "tin-bearing hill" in Malay, was on the 1828 map by Frankin and Philip Jackson as "Bukit Timah". The hill was on the map as the eastern source of the Kranji River.

In December 1843, a road was built up to the hill. The hill was an "excellent sanatorium", as the air was ""cooler and fresher than the plain, producing an agreeable exhilaration of spirits"".

For some, it is synonymous with the Singapore Turf Club, where members and paying visitors flock on race days. This course is closed to the public, unlike the former course (now Farrer Park) where the general public enjoyed watching the king's sport for free.
The 25-km long Bukit Timah Road, the longest road in Singapore, running north and south of the island, takes its name from this hill. The road to Kranji was completed in 1845. Apparently, the area was so infested with tigers that it constituted a serious threat to human life. In 1860, nearly 200 people were reported to have been killed by tigers in and about the gambier and pepper plantations. The first ride on horseback across the island was along Bukit Timah Road in 1840; it took four days and was made by Mr Thomson and Dr Little.

Bukit Timah Road is known as "tek kha kang a kinn" in Hokkien, which means "the side of the stream in the "tek kha" (or Selegie Road) district". This only refers to the lower end of the Bukit Timah Road. The Wayang Satu and Bukit Timah village parts are differently called. The Hokkiens also refer to Bukit Timah as "be chia lo bue", meaning "end of the horse carriage road".

During World War II, the British Army lost Bukit Timah to the Japanese on February 11th, they knew they had little chance of winning the war as most of their food and supplies were stored there. On 15 February 1942, the head of the Allied forces, Lieutenant General A.E. Percival surrendered to Lieutenant General Tomoyuki Yamashita at the Ford Factory in Bukit Timah.

During the Japanese Occupation, the Japanese troops built a Syonan-to Shinto shrine (Syonan-to was the Occupation name for Singapore), similar to the National Shinto in Japan but of a smaller size, at Bukit Timah Hill. Two war memorials dedicated to the Japanese war dead and surprisingly, to the deceased British troops who died defending Singapore, were built at the site. Students, Japanese commanders, British POWs' representatives would gather there regularly to commemorate the dead during the Occupation.

It was only shortly before the Japanese surrender, the Japanese forces hastily destroyed the Shinto Shrine, on fears that returning British forces will demolish it in an bad manner. The present site where the Shinto Shrine existed, lied at a grey area between the Nature Reserve and Singapore Armed Forces restricted area. Several historians have been down at the site, and an episode from then Television Corporation of Singapore (TCS) history documentary show, "Hey Singapore", was on the mysterious Shinto Shrine. Since then, the Singapore Government has erected the place as "Historical Site". No plans have been indicated to restore the site, on speculations of angry responses from the People Republic of China (PRC) and abroad.

The Japanese war dead were brought back to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine, while the remains of the British troops were instituted at the British Commonwealth's Kranji War Memorial in Singapore. Nothing of the Syonan-to Shinto shrine remains, except for the Holy Cleansing Pond and several Japanese stone pavements left at the site.

After the Japanese Occupation, the farms and plantations in Bukit Timah gave way to industrial buildings and high-rise flats. In the 1960s and 1970s, Bukit Timah was a major industrial center. Today, these have been replaced with luxury bungalows, terraces and condominiums, making Bukit Timah Singapore's premier residential district.

The Bukit Timah area is a particularly prominent location with a high land value. The area of Bukit Timah has an extensive flora and forest compared to the parts of Singapore, and contains Bukit Timah Nature Reserve, which is partially responsible for its high land value. The nature reserve was established in 1883.

The Bukit Timah Race Course, a Thoroughbred horse racing facility, was opened in 1933 and operated until 1999.

The nearby area houses many bungalows, traditionally expensive in land-scarce Singapore, as well as high rise condominiums. Many expatriates and well heeled Singaporeans tend to stay in this region. The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums. For example, the Copthorne Orchid Hotel in Dunearn Road is being redeveloped into condominiums for sale.

This region was later extended and Upper Bukit Timah (District 21) was formed. The Keretapi Tanah Melayu from Malaysia has a passing loop station here along its rail network from Johor Bahru to Tanjong Pagar.



Rossall

Rossall is a suburb of the town of Fleetwood on the Fylde coast in Lancashire, England. 


Armenia–Turkey relations

Armenia and Turkey's relations have been strained for a number of years mostly concerning the Nagorno-Karabakh area and Armenias claim of genocide by the Ottoman Empire. Turkey also has taken a stand for Azerbaijan in their conflict. However, on October 10, 2009 both Turkey and Armenia signed an accord that aimed to lead to a new relationship between the two countries and an opening of the borders. However, those diplomatic efforts to ease the relations have stopped, as Armenia suspended the process.

Lytham St Annes

Lytham St Annes () is a seaside resort area in Lancashire, England. It is on the coast of the Fylde district. It is next to Blackpool.

Poulton-le-Fylde

Poulton-le-Fylde is a town in the Wyre borough of Lancashire, England. As of 2001, 19,480 people lived there. 

Coppa Italia

Coppa Italia is an annual Italian football cup competition. The 2017 Coppa Italia was played between Lazio and Juventus at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome, Italy, which saw Juventus winning by 2-0.

Anna Anka

Anna Anka born April 28, 1971 in Poland is an American model, actress and author and wife of singer Paul Anka. Anna Anka – earlier Anna Åberg – was born in Poland and was later adopted to a Swedish family in Bjuv, Skåne. In 1993 she left Sweden for the U.S and appeared in movies like "Dumb and Dumber" and "Drop Zone", she also appeared twice in the TV-series Baywatch. During late 2009 she appeared in the Swedish reality show ("Svenska Hollywoodfruar") which followed three Swedish women who had left Sweden for a life in Hollywood. Anka received American citizenship in 2009.

Super Sweet 16: The Movie

Super Sweet 16: The Movie is an MTV television movie. It is based on the series "My Super Sweet 16".


Stacy Schiff

Stacy Madeleine Schiff (born October 26, 1961) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American nonfiction author and guest columnist for "The New York Times".

Schiff is a graduate of Phillips Academy. She earned her degree from Williams College in 1982. She was a Senior Editor at Simon & Schuster until 1990. Her stories have been published in "The New Yorker", "The New York Times Book Review" and "The Times Literary Supplement".

Schiff has received fellowships from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation and the National Endowment for the Humanities.

Schiff won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for her biography of Vera Nabokov, wife and muse of "Lolita" and "Pale Fire" author Vladimir Nabokov. She was also a in the final running for the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for "Saint-Exupéry: A Biography" about Antoine de Saint Exupéry.

Schiff's A Great Improvisation: Franklin, France, and the Birth of America won the 2006 George Washington Book Prize, the Ambassador Award in American Studies, and the Institut Français’s Gilbert Chinard Prize. 
Schiff has received fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation and the National Endowment of the Humanities, and was a Director’s Fellow at the Center for Scholars and Writers at the New York Public Library. She was awarded a 2006 Academy Award in Literature from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.

Currently a guest writer at "The New York Times", Schiff resides in New York City and Edmonton, Alberta.

Schiff wrote a "New Yorker" profile of Wikipedia ("Know It All" column, July 31, 2006), the correction of which in February 2007 sparked the Essjay controversy.




Tenure

Tenure is normally used for jobs, usually academic high-ranking jobs like professors. It is to protect professors who are teaching something that their employer, the university, might not agree with. Tenure means that these people cannot be fired without a very good reason- the job is for life. The reason for tenure is to help professors be bold about what they teach and research, so that new ideas will be developed. Or a teacher can also have a tenure. It depends how long their term has to be.

Sometimes judges also get tenure. This is so that they can make decisions based on the evidence, even if this means saying that the government, which is their employer, is wrong.Tenure is the period of time during which someone holds an important job. Employee tenure, or job tenure, is the length of time a person has worked for a particular employer.

Toshinobu Katsuya

Katsuya was educated at and played for Shimabara Commercial High School and Osaka University of Commerce. After graduating in 1984, he joined Japan Soccer League side Honda. He was selected Best Eleven in 1985/86 and 1986/87. But he moved to fellow JSL side Nissan Motors (later "Yokohama Marinos") in 1991. He was transferred to Júbilo Iwata in 1994, then to Cerezo Osaka in 1998, and retired from the game at the end of the 1998 season.

In September 1985, Katsuya was selected the Japan national team for 1986 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on September 22, he debuted against Hong Kong. He also played 1986 Asian Games and 1988 Summer Olympics qualification in 1987.

In 1992, Katsuya was selected Japan for the first time in 5 years. He was a member of the Japan won the 1992 Asian Cup. He played 3 matches in the competition. In 1993, he was also selected Japan for 1994 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, he filled in for injured left back Satoshi Tsunami in the Final round. He was on the pitch when Japan's hope to play in the finals was dashed by an injury-time Iraqi equaliser in the last qualifier, the match that the Japanese fans now refer to as the "Agony of Doha" (). This qualification was his last game for Japan. He played 27 games for Japan until 1993.

In 1989, Katsuya selected Japan national futsal team for 1989 Futsal World Championship in Netherlands.

After retirement, Katsuya started coaching career at Cerezo Osaka in 1999. He mainly served as an assistant coach and scout.

298||8||5||0||36||2||339||10
298||8||5||0||36||2||339||10

!Total||27||0

Mitsunori Yoshida

Yoshida was born in Kariya on March 8, 1962. After graduating from Kariya Technical High School, he joined Japan Soccer League side Yamaha Motors (later "Júbilo Iwata") in 1980. The club won 1982 Emperor's Cup and 1987/88 Japan Soccer League. He never moved to any other club and retired as an Iwata player after the 1995 season. He played total 275 league matches and scored 35 goals for club.

Yoshida was capped 35 times and scored 2 goals for the Japan national team between 1988 and 1993. He made his international debut in a friendly against China on June 2, 1988. He was a member of the Japan team that won the 1992 Asian Cup. He played twice in the tournament.

275||35||3||0||17||5||295||40
275||35||3||0||17||5||295||40

!Total||35||2

Anthony Vanden Borre

Anthony Vanden Borre (born 24 October 1987) is a former Belgian football player.

!Total||22||1


Danubio F.C.

Danubio Futbol Club is a football club from Montevideo, Uruguay.

Danubio was founded by two brothers, Miguel and Juan Lazaroff on 1 March 1932 together with other youths from a school in Montevideo. The club name is a reference to the Danube river, a major waterway in Europe.

Thornton, Lancashire

Thornton is a town on the Fylde, in Lancashire, England. It is about four miles north of Blackpool and two miles south of Fleetwood. It is in the borough of Wyre. It is linked to the town of Cleveleys by Victoria Road.

Lancashire County Council

Lancashire County Council is the local authority for the county of Lancashire, England. They meet in the County Hall.

County website

Central Pier, Blackpool

Central Pier is one of three piers in the town of Blackpool, England. John Isaac Mawson designed the pier. It is long. The pier was opened 30 May 1868.

It was made mostly of cast iron with wooden decking. 

Stefan Ishizaki

Stefan Ishizaki (born 15 May 1982) is a Swedish football player. He plays for Elfsborg and Sweden national team.

229||43
7||0
15||2
251||45

!Total||11||0

Atsuhiro Iwai

Atsuhiro Iwai (born 31 January 1967) is a former Japanese football player.

230||2||15||0||37||0||282||2
230||2||15||0||37||0||282||2

Tatsuru Mukojima

Tatsuru Mukojima (born 9 January 1966) is a former Japanese football player.

216||34||10||2||23||3||249||39
216||34||10||2||23||3||249||39

Junji Nishizawa

Junji Nishizawa (born 10 May 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

269||5||26||0||21||0||316||5
269||5||26||0||21||0||316||5

Masanori Sanada

Sanada was born in Shizuoka on March 6, 1968. After graduating from Juntendo University, he joined All Nippon Airways in 1990. He played as regular goalkeeper from first season. In 1992, he moved to new club Shimizu S-Pulse based in his local. Although he played in all matches in 1992, he battles with Sidmar for the position from 1993. After Sidmar retired end of the 1995 season, Sanada became completely regular goalkeeper. The club won the champion in the 1996 J.League Cup which is first major title in the club history. In 1999, the club won the 2nd place in J1 League. He was also selected Best Eleven. In Asia, the club won the champions 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup which is their first Asian champions. From 2001, his opportunity to play decreased behind young goalkeepers Keisuke Hada and Takaya Kurokawa. He retired end of the 2004 season.

In 1988, when Sanada was a Juntendo University student, he was selected the Japan national "B team" for 1988 Asian Cup. At this competition, he played 3 games. However, Japan Football Association don't count as Japan national team match because this Japan team was "B team" not "top team".

After the retirement, Sanada became a goalkeeper coach at Shimizu S-Pulse in 2005. In 2008, he moved to JEF United Chiba. In 2011, he returned to S-Pulse. However he rested for health problem from September 2.

On September 6, 2011, Sanada died of heart failure in Shizuoka at the age of 43.

279||0||29||0||59||0||1||0||368||0
279||0||29||0||59||0||1||0||368||0

José Ignacio Zahínos

José Ignacio Zahínos (born 1 December 1977) is a former Spanish football player.

77||5
77||5

Hiromi Kojima

Kojima was born in Nogata on December 12, 1977. After graduating from Higashi Fukuoka High School, he joined Gamba Osaka in 1996. He played many matches as forward from 1997. Around this time, many young players Tsuneyasu Miyamoto, Junichi Inamoto and Ryuji Bando got an opportunity to play in the club. However his opportunity to play decreased behind Kota Yoshihara in 2001. From 2002, he played for Consadole Sapporo (2002), Omiya Ardija (2002), Oita Trinita (2003) and Vissel Kobe (2003-05). At Vissel Kobe, he was converted to mainly defensive midfielder in 2004. He moved to Regional Leagues club FC Gifu in 2006. He retired end of 2008 season.

On April 26, 2000, Kojima debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea.

251||56||28||8||29||6||308||70
251||56||28||8||29||6||308||70

!Total||1||0

Makoto Kakuda

214||7||14||1||26||2||254||10
214||7||14||1||26||2||254||10

Ram Narayan

Ram Narayan (born 25 December 1927 in Udaipur, British Raj) is an Indian musician. He plays the instrument sarangi and is well known for playing in Europe and the United States.


Takuma Edamura

132||26||16||1||30||10||178||37
132||26||16||1||30||10||178||37

Riki Takasaki

Riki Takasaki (born 11 July 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

158||0||16||0||17||0||3||0||194||0
158||0||16||0||17||0||3||0||194||0

Euller (footballer, born 1971)

Euller (born 15 March 1971) is a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

190||41||||||||||190||41
52||23||5||4||5||3||62||30
242||64||5||4||5||3||252||71

!Total||6||3

Luiz Carlos Pereira

Luiz Carlos Pereira (born March 6, 1960) is a former Brazilian football player.

186||17||14||3||29||1||229||21
186||17||14||3||29||1||229||21

Dan Calichman

Dan Calichman (born February 21, 1968) is a former American soccer player. He has played for the United States national team.

Individual



Kerrea Gilbert

Kerrea Gilbert (born 28 February 1987) is an English football player. He plays for Peterborough United.

65||1||6||0||9||0||2||0||82||1
65||1||6||0||9||0||2||0||82||1

Vikings

The Vikings were Scandinavian people from Northern Europe who were known as great seamen and warriors. From the 8th to the 11th centuries they travelled to Europe in their long ships, attacking and then settling in areas that are now modern Great Britain, Germany, France, Spain, and Italy.
The people of the far north, later called Vikings, were first noticed by the Romans around the year 100 BC. This is when the Cimbri and the Teutons moved into southern Gaul. The Romans believed these war-like tribes came from Jutland. But the Romans suspected they were only a part of a greater threat located further north. The Roman historians Jordanes described the destructive Ostrogoths and Visigoths as having come from Gotland. The northern menace survived the fall of the Western Roman Empire.

The Frankish Empire that came after them in Gaul became more and more aware of the northern threat. As the later Carolingian Empire expanded into northern Germany they came into contact with the Danish people. This is when the Vikings first entered into written history. The first recorded raid in the west was at Lindisfarne in 793. Why the Vikings suddenly began raiding is not completely clear. But a popular theory is the populations had grown to the point there was not enough food to feed everyone. The earliest raiders did not seem to want to move out of Scandinavia. They turned to looting, then returning home. These hit-and-run raids were made possible because the Vikings were master boat builders and they created flat bottomed boats ideal for journeys up rivers, where many monastic sites lay, ready for plundering. This seems to indicate there was space enough for everyone. Because they found raiding so easy, it became more and more popular among the Vikings.

Three different groups of Vikings can be identified. They took three different, sometimes overlapping, routes.
Europeans were scared of the Vikings because of their strong weapons, swift attacks, and cruel fighting tactics. They were known for their bad treatment of women, children and monks in the places where they fought. When the Vikings came to England, the English kings paid them to leave the country, but the Vikings took their money and sometimes fought them anyway. These payments were called Danegeld. From the 9th century to 1066, when the French Duke of Normandy, who became King William I of England, conquered it, Danish and Norwegian Vikings ruled large parts of England.

Because of their longships, which could float in 4 feet (1.3m) of water, the Vikings were able to make their way up rivers and land deep inside a country. For example they sailed up the River Shannon in Ireland and built a harbour 60 miles (100 km) from the coast.

There was a difference in who led Viking raids. In the 9th century, Viking Age raids were led by men who may have been exiles in their own countries. The later Viking raids in the late 10th century and early 11th century and were led by Kings. Some of the early leaders tried to become kings with the riches they plundered from Europe and Russia. Some were successful but most were not.

The Vikings were called Rus' by the peoples east of the Baltic Sea. The Vikings who settled in Kiev formed the first Russian state. The Vikings (Rus') who served the Byzantine Emperors were called Varangians. They became the personal bodyguards to the Emperor and were called the Varangian Guard.

The Vikings traveled through Russia, the Mediterranean Sea, southern Europe, northern Africa and south-western Asia. Some Vikings sailed across the Atlantic Ocean via Iceland and Greenland and may have explored places in North America. The ruins of a Viking settlement have been found at L'Anse-aux-Meadows, Newfoundland.

Archaeologists used radiocarbon dating to find out how old the settlement was. Their tests gave them a range of dates from about AD 700 to about AD 1000.

Some English words, and many place names, came from the Scandinavian and Viking language (Norse). For example, the words "skirt" and "shirt" came from the word "skyrta", meaning a tunic. As English changed, the semantics altered to give us the separate words 'skirt' and 'shirt' we know today. "Skin" came from the Norse word "skinn" (which meant to strip the meat off something). Some place-names in the areas the Vikings conquered are still in use. For example, in Yorkshire places ending with "thwaite" meant a "clearing" and "dale" meant a "valley". The word "thorpe" meant "new village", such as Scunthorpe.

The Anglo-Saxons called the Vikings pagans. They worshiped a great many gods. Viking gods belonged to two groups of gods in Norse mythology. They either belonged to the Aesir or the Vanir. The Aesir were gods of war. Aesir means "gods". They were the rulers of Asgard. Odin was the leader of the Aesir. He and the gods under him ruled mortal men. The vanir were wise gods skilled in magical arts. they live in Vanaheim, although nobody knows where it is. The Vanir can also predict the future. There was a war between the Aesir and the Vanir. When it ended the god Njord and his children Freya and Freyr came to live in Asgard.

The pagan Vikings were exposed to Christianity from the beginning of the Viking Age. They were surrounded by Christian countries. Early Christian missionaries were either enslaved or put to death. The Vikings came into contact with Christianity when they raided other areas around them. Viking raids produced many Christian slaves who were brought back to Scandinavia. They called Christians "Cross-men" because of the cross in their worship. In response many Vikings adopted Thors hammer as their religious symbol. When Vikings settled in Christian areas they converted to Christianity. There are still Headstones in England with both a cross and a hammer. Perhaps they thought it was better to be safe than sorry. That, or the more gods the better. As some Vikings turned from raiding to trading they found a nominal (in name only) profession of Christianity to be helpful. Scandinavia, their homeland, was slower to change to the Christian religion. But by the mid-11th century most of Norway and Denmark had converted. Sweden was converted by the mid-12th century. Overall Scandinavia and the peoples of the Baltic Sea were the last to accept Christianity. 

The Viking's religion affected Christianity as well. The pagan celebration of Yuletide became Christmas along with the custom of the Christmas tree. Priests blessing the fields took the place of pagan fertility rites of spring held to make sure there was a good harvest. Norse kept their "farm gods" well after Christianity just to make sure they were protected. Santa Claus owes much of his legend to the Norse god Odin. With his snow-white beard he traveled the midwinter sky on his eight-footed steed Sleipnir visiting his people with gifts. He became Father Christmas. Blended with the Christian Saint Nicholas he (they) became Santa Claus. 

In the late 19th century (the 1800s), Richard Wagner and other artists in the Romantic period made operas and other artwork about ancient Germanic culture. They liked the Vikings because they were not Greeks or Romans. They came up with the idea of Vikings wearing fur clothes and helmets with wings or horns on them and drinking out of hollowed-out animal horns. Some ancient Germans wore helmets with horns on them, but real Vikings did not. Wagner and his partners deliberately dressed the actors in the opera "Ring des Nibelungen" so they would look like ancient Germans and so the audience would feel like modern Germans came from medieval Vikings.



Cleveleys

Cleveleys is a village on the Fylde Coast of Lancashire, England, about 4 miles north of Blackpool and 2 miles south of Fleetwood. It is part of the Borough of Wyre.


Bank holiday

A bank holiday is the name used for a public holiday in both the United Kingdom, Ireland, and some other Commonwealth countries. The UK started using bank holidays in 1871.

The below is a list of such holidays in the United Kingdom and Ireland. An "X" underneath a country's name means that country uses that date as a bank holiday


India has 15 bank holidays

Hong Kong calls public holidays "bank holidays", even though they are not officially called that.

Blackpool Illuminations

Blackpool Illuminations is an annual Lights Festival. It was founded in 1879 and first switched on 18 September that year. It is held each autumn in the English seaside resort of Blackpool on the Fylde Coast in Lancashire.

Also known locally as The Lights or The Illuminations, they run each year for sixty six days. It starts from late August until early November at a time when most other English seaside resorts' seasons are coming to an end. Dubbed as The greatest free light show on earth, they are 6 miles (10 km) long and use over one million bulbs.

Blackpool Gazette

The Blackpool Gazette is an English evening newspaper based in Blackpool, Lancashire. It is published every day except Sunday. It covers the towns and communities of the Fylde coast. It was once named the "Evening Gazette" after initially being named "The West Lancashire Evening Gazette".

Fleetwood Weekly News

The Fleetwood Weekly News is a weekly newspaper based in Fleetwood, Lancashire, England. It is published every week, on a Wednesday, which covers Fleetwood and North Fylde.

Standard gauge

The standard gauge (also called the Stephenson gauge after George Stephenson, or normal gauge) is a popular rail gauge. About 60% of the world's current railway lines use this gauge. The distance between the inside edges of the rails of standard gauge track is .

The Circus Surprise

The Circus Surprise is a children's picture book written by Ralph Fletcher with pictures drawn by Vladimir Vagin. It was first published in 2001.

Nick is taken to the circus as a surprise for his birthday. While at the circus he follows his nose looking for the cotton candy, and when he turns around his parents are gone. A clown on stilts comes to help him. The clown puts him on his shoulders and they locate his parents.


Dark Floors

Dark Floors is a 2008 horror movie.



Sonic Boom

Sonic Boom is a album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. 



Hello, Harvest Moon

Hello, Harvest Moon is a children's picture book written by Ralph Fletcher with drawings by Kate Kiesler. It was first published in 2003 by Clarion Books.

The moon rises and shines through a girl's bedroom window. It then shines on a silent street, corn and wheat fields and fall trees. A young girl and her cat play a game by its light, a pilot flies a plane using its light. The moon sets in the daylight as the young girl and her cat say goodnight.



The Sandman (book)

The Sandman is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher with drawings by Richard Cowdrey. It was first published in 2008 by Henry Holt and Company.

Tor is an man one inch tall who can not fall asleep no matter what he tries. He finds a dragon scale while walking in the woods. He learns that the powder made by grinding the scale help a person to sleep. He then travels sprinkling the sand into the eyes of children who are having trouble sleeping.



I Am Wings

I Am Wings: poems about love is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, it was first published in 1994. It was chosen by School Library Journal as one of their best books of 1994.

The book contains 31 free verse poems about love arranged into two sections, "Falling In" and "Falling Out". The poetic voice is that of a young man and the poems trace the development of a relationship from the start with the first poem "First Look" through its end with the last poem "Seeds".



Ordinary Things

Ordinary Things: Poems From a Walk in Early Spring is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, with drawings by Walter Lyon Krudop. It was first published in 1997. 

The book is a collection of 33 poems divided into three sections titled "Walking", "Into the Woods" and "Looping Back". The reader is taken on a walk along a road, through the woods, over a stream and back. 



Buried Alive (book)

Buried Alive: The Elements of Love is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, with pictures by Andrew Moore. It was first published in 1996.

This book is a collection of thirty six free verse poems about love divided into four elements: earth, water, air and fire.



Relatively Speaking (book)

Relatively Speaking: Poems About Family is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, with drawings by Walter Lyon Krudop. It was first published in 1999.

The youngest boy describes both his family and their life together through verse. Various scenes include how the family prepare corn on the cob, his other brothers accident, the family reunion, his seldom seen cousin and his uncle's funeral.
"Relatively Speaking: Poems About Family" has been described as a novel-in-verse.



Salvaleón de Higüey

The Dominican city of Salvaleón de Higüey, usually known as Higüey, is the head municipality of the La Altagracia province, on the eastern part of the country.

The "Basílica de Nuestra Señora de la Altagracia" ("Our Lady of High Grace Basilica"), a cathedral, is in this city and many Catholic people come here to pray.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 168,501: 84,562 men and 83,939 women. The urban population was of the total population, one of the most urban municipality in the country.

The city was founded by Juan de Esquivel in 1503. "Higüey" was the Taíno name of the eastern part of the island.

The municipality of Salvaleón de Higüey has a total area of . It has three municipal districts (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality). These are Las Lagunas de Nisibón, La Otra Banda and Verón Punta Cana.

Higüey is at to the east of Santo Domingo and at to the north of La Romana. The municipality is in the region known as "Llano Costero del Caribe" ("Caribbean Coastal Plain"), in the eastern part of the country, a region with many savannas.

The altitude of the city of Higüey is above sea level.

The municipality of Higüey has the Atlantic Ocean to the north and east, the municipality of San Rafael del Yuma to the south, the La Romana province to the southwest and the El Seibo province to the west.

Higüey has a tropical wet climate (Köppen climate classification : Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is March with .

Higüey is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Higüey has three municipal districts:

The most important economic activity in the municipality is tourism, along the eastern coast, mainly in Bávaro and Punta Cana.

But farming is still an important activity in the rest of the municipality, mainly cattle raising. Also sugarcane is a very important crop in this municipality.

Have You Been to the Beach Lately?

Have You Been to the Beach Lately? is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher with photographs by Andrea Sperling. It was first published in 2001.

Thirty three first person poems that describe different times during an eleven-year-old boy's day at the beach. He builds sand walls, he plays in the water with his friends and teases his little brother.


Piracy

Piracy can mean different things; it can be a crime that is committed. A human on a ship at sea is called a pirate and usually has small, fast boats. Pirates use such boats to attack other ships, which are usually large cargo ships. 
For as long as ships have sailed the sea, there have been pirates. Piracy still happens often in the Gulf of Aden, mostly by Somali pirates. Ancient Egypt and the Romans, Medieval kings, and the British Empire dealt with pirates. Fighting pirates has sometimes been one of the most important roles of a navy.

Modern pirates usually climb onto ships to get money. In the process, they may kill the crew or hold it for ransom. In a very few cases, they may also take over the ship and sell its cargo.

The cargo ships that travel the oceans are huge, but they usually have very few crew members working on them. Their size often makes the ships carry a lot of money in the safe. The money is used to pay the crew, to pay for the taxes to stay at a port, or to pass through a channel.



Langkawi

Langkawi is an island and district in the Malaysian state of Kedah. This island received its duty-free status in 1987. 
It is also one of the most important destination for tourists in Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Mawlid an-Nabi

Mawlid an-Nabi is a special day in Islamic calendar to remember the birth of Prophet Muhammad. The day falls on the 12th day of Rabiul Awal of Islamic lunar calendar every year. Every year, Muslims around the world celebrate the day by large street processions, distributing food and charity and talks and sermons about the life of the prophet.

The day is recognised as a public holiday in most Muslim countries with the exception of Saudi Arabia.

Kedah

Kedah is one of the 14 states that form Malaysia. The state is in the northwestern part of the Peninsular Malaysia. It has an area of 9,425 km2. The capital of Kedah is Alor Setar.


Elizabeth Blackburn

Elizabeth Helen Blackburn is an Australian-American molecular biologist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009.

Blackburn won the Nobel Prize with Americans Jack Szostak and Carol Greider for their work on chromosomes. They researched the way that telomeres protect the chromosomes in cells. Chromosomes are the part of the cell that carries genetic information. Telomeres are the ends of chromosomes. Blackburn outlined the DNA sequence of an organism called Tetrahymena. Blackburn discovered that telomeres can help prevent cancer and other diseases. Blackburn is the first Australian woman to win a Nobel Prize. She also received the Albert Lasker Basic Medical Research Award in 2006.

Blackburn was born in Hobart, Tasmania on November 26, 1948. She was the daughter of Harold and Marcia Blackburn. She went to Broadford girls school in Launceston, and later Melbourne University High School. She studied biochemistry at the University of Melbourne, completed her PhD at the University of Cambridge, Darwin College, and did postdoctoral work at Yale University. She is now Professor of Biology and Physiology at the University of California, San Francisco. She married John W. Sedat in 1975, and has one child, Ben Sedat. She became a United States citizen in 2003.

She won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009. On January 26, 2010, the Australian Government made Blackburn a Companion of the Order of Australia. In 2007, she won the Albert Lasker Medical Research Award in Basic Medical Research in 2007, and was named one the top 100 most influential people by Time magazine. 

IK Sleipner

IK Sleipner is an association football club in the town of Norrköping in Sweden. In 1938 the club won Allsvenskan becoming Swedish national champions.


Palm reading

Palm reading or chiromancy is when a fortune teller tells you your future by looking at lines on your palm. Those who practice chiromancy are generally called "palmists", hand readers. 

Live Free or Die

"Live Free or Die" is the official motto of the U.S. state of New Hampshire, adopted by the state in 1945.

The phrase comes from a toast written by General John Stark on July 31, 1809. Stark was New Hampshire's most famous soldier of the American Revolutionary War. His poor health forced him to decline an invitation to a reunion of the . He sent his toast by letter: 

The motto was enacted at the same time as the state emblem, on which it appears.


Chopped (TV series)

Chopped is a reality-themed cooking competition series that airs on Food Network. Four chefs compete in three rounds or segments on the show: appetizer, entree and dessert. After each round, a chef is eliminated until there is one winner at the end. The winner is given $10,000. In each round, the chefs are given three to five food items that must be in their dish. There is a large pantry and refrigerator that the chefs can use as well. In each round the chefs are given a limited time to complete their dish. The appetizer part lasts twenty minutes. The entree and dessert parts last thirty minutes. Three guest chefs judge each round.

Food Network

Food Network is an American food-themed television network headquartered in New York City. It launched in November 1993.

The Food Network has many shows. Some of them are:

Appetizer

An appetizer is a small dish of an overall meal. It can also be a drink or multiple drinks containing alcohol. Common examples include: shrimp cocktail, calamari, salad, potato skins, mussels, bruschetta or cheese and crackers. An appetizer may also be very elegant in some restaurants.

They are often referred to as snacks or hors d'oeuvres.

Entrée

An entrée [prounced IPA:αn-tre or "on-tray" in American English] is food served before the main course in a multi-course meal. Most entrees typically include a meat or protein (chicken, veal, steak, beef, pork or ham), a vegetable (broccoli, carrots) and a starch (potato, yam or so).

A Writing Kind of Day

A Writing Kind of Day: Poems for Young Poets is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, with drawings by April Ward. It was first published in 2005.
A young writer's experiences are described in twenty seven mostly free verse poems. Topics included are roadkill, Venus Flytraps, a grandmother's . Others discuss snow angels, little brothers and "Ma".


Moving Day (book)

Moving Day is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, with drawings by Jennifer Emery. It was first published in 2006.

Thirty-four short free verse poems that express the feelings of a twelve year old boy moving from Massachusetts to Ohio. Some of the topics include packing, the discovery of long lost treasures, giving things away, and doing things one last time.



Marshfield Dreams

Marshfield Dreams: When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer and poet Ralph Fletcher, it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield, Massachusetts to Chicago.

Each short chapter tells of an incident growing up in a large family on Acorn Street in Marshfield, Massachusetts. Ralph was the oldest of nine children. Some of the stories told were Ralph being informed of his mother's pregnancy by a nosy classmate. His mother's game called "snuck up the rug" where the whole family got down and pulled dirt from the carpets. Other stories include his father bringing home a pet chicken for each child and his great-grandmother who buried the kids' old teeth in the garden.



La Romana, Dominican Republic

La Romana is a Dominican city along the Caribbean Sea, in the southeastern part of the country. It is the head municipality of the La Romana province.

The town was built on the right (western) side of the mouth of the river "Dulce" (now also called "Romana").

The municipality had, in , a total population of 130,426: 63,261 men and 67,165 women. The urban population was of the total population, one of the most urban municipality in the country.

La Romana is in the region known as "Llano Costero del Caribe" (in English, "Caribbean Coastal Plain"), with only few low hills and many savannas. The small islands of "Catalina" and "Saona" are part of this municipality but nobody lives in Catalina.

The municipality has a total area of . It has only one municipal district (a subdivision of a municipality): Caleta.

La Romana has the municipality of Guaymate to the north, the La Altagracia province to the east, the Caribbean Sea to the south and the Villa Hermosa municipality to the west.

The altitude of the city of La Romana is above sea level. The city is at to the east of Santo Domingo and at of Higüey.

La Romana has a tropical wet and dry/ savanna climate (Köppen climate classification : Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of rainfall, followed by September with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is March with an average of and the second is February with .

La Romana is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of La Romana has only one municipal district:

The most important company in La Romana is the Central Romana that produces sugar. This factory was built in 1917 by the South Puerto Rico Sugar Company.

There is also here an important "Free Trade Zone", a place where there are different companies that made different products to send to other countries and do not pay taxes in the Dominican Republic.

The "La Romana International Airport" is very near the city and there are several important tourist places such as : "Casa de Campo" and "Alto de Chavón".

Sugarcane is an important crop in the municipality and also cattle raising.

Thomas Keneally

Thomas Michael Keneally, AO (born 7 October 1935) is an Australian writer. He has won several major awards including the Miles Franklin Award and the Booker Prize.

Keneally was born in Sydney, Australia, in 1935. His early life was spent in northern New South Wales around the towns of Kemspey, Wauchope and Taree. He began training to become a Roman Catholic priest but left at the end of six years when he had a nervous breakdown. He wanted to be able to marry, which he did later and had two daughters. His first job was as a teacher, and during this time he began writing short stories. He began studying to become a lawyer and wrote his first book, a novel called "The Place at Whitton", in 1964.

His book, "Bring Larks and Heroes" (1967), was given the Miles Franklin Award. In 1982, his book "Schindler's Ark", won the Booker Prize. This was made into a movie, "Schindler's List", in 1993.

Keneally was the first chairman of the Australian Republican Movement.


Digital media

Digital media (compared to analog media) is a communication media that works on digital codes. This also includes text, audio, video, and graphics that are transmitted over the internet for viewing or listening to on the internet.

Today, computing is based on the binary numeral system, so the "digital" refers to the use of "0" and "1" to show data. Computers are machines that use binary digital data as information. Digital media ("Formats for presenting information" according to media) like digital audio, digital video and other digital "content" can be created, referred to and distributed by digital information processing machines. Digital media is a big change from (analog) media.

The transformation of an Analog signal to Digital information by an analog-to-digital converter is called sampling. According to information theory, sampling is a reduction of information. Most digital media are based on turning analog data into digital data and vice-versa (see digital recording, digital video, television versus digital television).

Compared to analog data, digital data is easier to control, and can be made into many copies without losing any quality. Mathematical operations can be made into digital information regardless of its meaning (you can add "2" to the data "65" and view the result either as the hexadecimal number "43" or the letter "C"). Thus, it is possible to use the same compression operation onto a text file or an image file or a sound file.




Sitka, Alaska

Sitka (Tlingit: Sheetʼká; ) is a city in Alaska, originally founded as New Archangel () by the Russian Rule between 1799 and 1867, and was the capital of Russian America.

Wales football team

The Wales football team is the football team of Wales or the Welsh football team. Unlike England and Scotland, the Welsh football team is not the most followed version of the game. In Wales, the Welsh rugby team is the most followed. In this circumstance, it is not surprising that the Welsh football team is usually ranked lower than the English and Scottish teams.

Recently, the team has been more highly ranked. The team recorded the biggest rise in the history of the FIFA World Rankings, moving from 117th in 2011 to 8th place in 2015. They are also the smallest nation by population to ever reach the semi-finals of the UEFA European Championship, after reaching the UEFA Euro 2016 semi-finals.

 (players still active in bold):

Prior to 1954 the Welsh team was chosen by a panel of selectors with the team captain fulfilling the role of coach.

Loves Park, Illinois

Loves Park is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois.

Montezuma, Iowa

Montezuma is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Waverly, Kentucky

Waverly is a city in the U.S. state of Kentucky. At the 2020 census, 311 people lived there. It was founded in 1870 and the city was named for founder Hugh McElroy's nephew.

Waverly is at (37.709738, -87.815278).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of 0.3 square miles (0.7 km), and that all of it is land.

Riverton, Iowa

Riverton is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is built beside the East Nishnabotna River. In 2020, there were 245 people living in Riverton. The 1881 robbery of the Sexton Bank at Riverton was thought to be the work of Jesse James. It was later found out to be the work of the outlaw Polk Wells.

The first settler in the Riverton area was Coleman Smith who built his house there in 1859. He later brought his family to Riverton by boat.

On July 11th, 1881, the Nishna ValleyBank was robbed at gunpoint of $4000. One of the robbers, Polk Wells, was shot during the robbery by the owner of a nearby store.

Two miles north of Riverton is the Riverton Wildlife Management Area. This is of marsh and wetland which is the breeding area for many types of duck. During the spring there can be as many as 100,000 snow geese in the area. It is a popular place for hunting. It floods during the spring and then dries out during the summer. There are three boat ramps in the area.

John Obi Mikel

Mikel John Obi (born 22 April 1987) is a Nigerian football player. He plays for Chelsea and Nigeria national team.

6||1||||||||||||||6||1
85||0||13||2||8||0||22||0||128||2
91||1||13||2||8||0||22||0||134||3

He captained Nigeria at the 2018 FIFA World Cup until their last game against Argentina on 26 June following a 2-1 loss. 

!Total||21||2

Masaaki Furukawa

125||0||11||0||21||0||157||0
125||0||11||0||21||0||157||0

Seigo Shimokawa

Seigo Shimokawa (born 17 November 1975) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Oita Trinita.

218||0||24||0||23||0||265||0
218||0||24||0||23||0||265||0

Stab proof vest

A stab-proof vest (or Stab vest) is a type of body armor that is used by police officers or prison guards to protect them from attacks using knives (or other sharp objects). 


Young-adult fiction

Young-adult fiction (often abbreviated as YA) is fiction written primarily for adolescents around the ages of 13 to 19. However, many young adults in their 20s and 30s also read young adult fiction. 

Young-adult fiction in the form of novels or short stories, have special features that make it different from the types of fiction catered to other age groups: namely Adult fiction, Middle Grade Fiction (for older children aged 8-12), and Early readers Fiction (for very young children under age 8). Most YA stories show an adolescent as the lead character, rather than an adult or a child. The subject matter and storylines are usually in line with the age and knowledge of the main character. YA stories can span all types of fiction. The settings of YA stories are limited only by the skill of the author. YA stories often focus on the challenges of youth. The entire age category is sometimes referred to as problem novels or coming of age novel. YA novels are often as short as 16000 words. Despite its unique features, YA shares the basic parts of fiction with other stories: character, plot, setting, theme, and style.

Jalal Dabagh

Jalal Dabagh (born May 12, 1939 in the city of Silêmanî in Southern-Kurdistan), is a Kurdish politician and writer/journalist. He was the party leader for the Left Party of south Kurdistan.

Jalal Dabagh has continuously taken part in the Kurdish guerrilla movement, called the peshmerga, and has written and translated many books; among other the Kurdish translation of The Communist Manifesto.

Crystal Cave, Bermuda

Crystal Cave is the most famous of Bermuda's many underground caverns. It is in Hamilton Parish, close to Castle Harbor. A favorite of tourists since since 1907, it was found in 1905 by Carl Gibbons and Edgar Hollis. The two boys were looking for their lost cricket ball which fell into a hole in the ground. Soon after, the Wilkinson family (the owners of the property since 1884) learned of the discovery. Mr. Percy Wilkinson lowered his 14-year-old son Bernard into it with a bicycle lamp on 140 feet of rope tied to a tree to explore the cave.

The area around Harrington Sound (which is to the south of Crystal Cave) is made of limestone and has many underground waterways, through which the waters of the sound empty into the Atlantic. Crystal Cave is one of these, and - as its name suggests - has many stalactites, stalagmites, and deep crystal-clear pools.

Next to Crystal Cave is Fantasy Cave with Fantasy being deeper (88 steps down). Fantasy Cave was reopened in the summer of 2001 with all the walking paths having been rebuilt and additional lighting added. It was found and opened about the same time as Crystal Cave. It had been closed by the owners in the 1940s.

The two caves on 8 Crystal Caves Rd. at Wilkinson Ave. can be reached by bus, taxi and other private forms of transportation. Outside the two caves is a sub-tropical garden lined with palm trees where one will find many different trees and flowers.

The caves are owned by the local Wilkinson Trust, and are open to the public.

Crystal Cave

Fantasy Cave

Fig Pudding

Fig Pudding is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher. It was first published in 1995. The novel was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the American Library Association.

Cliff is eleven years old and the oldest of six children in his family who live in Ballingsford. As Christmas nears, Cliff's grandmother arrives for a visit. Cliff's baby brother is rushed to the hospital with a severe illness. While he is getting better in the hospital on Christmas Eve his family finally figure out that he has been asking Santa Claus for a little ladder like the one used to climb up to the top of a bunk bed. The whole family work together to build Josh a ladder and deliver it him on Christmas morning. Later, Cliff's first grade brother Brad, drives his bicycle into an ambulance and dies. The family spends the next Christmas at a resort trying to adjust to the loss of Brad but the trip does not seem to work. Their spirits rise during a New Year's party at Aunt Pat's house. When they arrive at the party Josh steps by mistake into Dad's special fig pudding. Dad removes the shoe, smooths down the pudding, and swears the children to secrecy. They all keep a straight face until Uncle Eddie says that the fig pudding is the best ever and asks Dad if he has added some new ingredient. They all laugh when the real story of the shoe is told. 

"Fig Pudding" is written using an episodic plot style.

Chris Sherman in his review for "Booklist" said that "Fletcher captures perfectly the humor, irritations, and sadness of life in a large, close-knit family and makes Cliff a sympathetic and thoughtful narrator, occasionally bewildered by his siblings' antics but always a completely believable older brother. The comedy in the final chapter will leave readers recalling hilarious family disasters of their own." Elizabeth Devereaux in her review for "Publishers Weekly" said this novel "neatly blends the humor and frustrations of growing up in a large family."


Rod Laver

Rodney George "Rod" Laver MBE (born 9 August 1938, in Rockhampton, Australia) is a former tennis player from Australia and a former world #1 in ATP tennis rankings.

Notes

Ilta-Sanomat

Ilta-Sanomat is one of Finland's two afternoon newspapers. It is the second largest newspaper in Finland. The other Finnish afternoon newspaper is "Iltalehti".

Domestic

Domestic (pronounced doe-mes'-tik) or domestique can mean:


Canadian Women's Hockey League

The Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL) is an ice hockey league in Canada that was formed in 2007. Female players from around the world played in this league and in the Western Women's Hockey League. The CWHL replaced the National Women's Hockey League (NWHL) in 2007. Many teams (Toronto, Brampton and Montreal) from the NWHL moved to the CWHL.



The Clarkson Cup is an ice hockey trophy, which since 2009 has been awarded to the winner of the Canadian Women's Hockey Championship.



Bread (band)

Bread was an American rock/pop band. They formed in Los Angeles, California in the late 1960s. ""Make It With You"" was a No. 1 hit in the Billboard chart. ""If"" was a 1971 worldwide hit. Bread disbanded in 1978. The band leader was David Gates. He composed all of Bread's hits. The 1996 reunion was a year-long world tour.



Solar panel

Solar panels get energy from the sun for people to use. There are two types of solar panels, those that collect heat (thermal), and those that produce electricity (photovoltaic). Heat from solar panels is often used for space heating and for hot water. 

Solar panels collect renewable energy. In the 20th century some used the heat of the sun to make steam for a steam engine to turn a generator. Nowadays producing electricity from the sun's light is cheaper. This is a solid state way of producing electricity, meaning that it has no moving parts. 

Home solar panels are often mounted on rooftops. Commercial or industrial installations are often on trackers mounted on the ground. The trackers point the panel towards the sun as the sun moves across the sky. Photovoltaic panels are also commonly used in outer space, where they are one of the few power sources available.

Solar panels for heat are usually made from a box with a clear window on top. Pipes run through the box. The pipes and the box are usually painted black because black absorbs more heat than other colors. The pipes are filled with a heat transfer fluid such as water or oil. A pump circulates the fluid, which heats up as it is exposed to the sun. When the hot fluid leaves the panel, it goes into a heat exchanger, which transfers the heat into water or air. After the now cool fluid leaves the heat exchanger, it is pumped back up into the panel to collect heat again.

Photovoltaic solar panels are built to last about thirty years. So far, most of the solar panels, originally created in the 1980's have not yet reached the end of their estimated lifespans. Many of the solar panels which have expired, however, have been classified as hazardous waste. The used solar panels that have not been considered dangerous can be recycled to create new solar panels. Over 90% of the solar panel is recyclable to create either new solar panels or scrap material. First, the panels are broken down by removing the metal frames and glass plate, leaving the group of solar cell sandwiched between an resin and back film. To actually get to the solar cells themselves, the resin and backing must be removed. 

The top ten uses for solar panels include,

Solar panels have become much cheaper to use, compared to oil, diesel and liquified natural gas in parts of Asia. Solar energy will soon become the main source of energy. Over the years many innovations have been made to improve solar panels. Solar panels have been used for space exploration and are being developed to be able to power cars. Along with this, scientists are developing solar cells in silicone to increase its convenience.

Solar shingles are a new type of solar panel that look like ordinary asphalt roof shingles. They are used where the appearance of traditional solar panels might be undesirable, such as on residential rooftops. Solar shingles are more expensive and less durable than normal solar panels.

Hiroki Aratani

Hiroki Aratani (born 6 August 1975) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ventforet Kofu.

148||0||6||0||17||0||171||0
148||0||6||0||17||0||171||0

Shigetoshi Hasebe

Shigetoshi Hasebe (born 23 April 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

198||12||16||1||25||2||239||15
198||12||16||1||25||2||239||15

Takahiro Yamanishi

Takahiro Yamanishi (born 2 April 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

222||2||33||1||66||0||4||0||325||3
222||2||33||1||66||0||4||0||325||3

René Higuita

René Higuita (born 27 August 1966) is a former Colombian football player. He has played for Colombia national team.

15||0
127||9
30||2
35||0
10||0
217||11

!Total||68||3

Masanori Kizawa

378||8||20||1||28||0||426||9
378||8||20||1||28||0||426||9


Takanori Sugeno

Takanori Sugeno (born 3 May 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashiwa Reysol.

244||1||14||0||13||0||271||1
244||1||14||0||13||0||271||1

Kalmar FF

Kalmar FF is an association football club in the town of Kalmar in Sweden. The club won the Swedish cup in 1981 and 1987. In 2008, the club won Allsvenskan, becoming Swedish national champions.


Emperor's Cup

Emperor's Cup is a Japanese football competition.

It is one of the three major titles in Japan, along with J. League Division 1 and J.League Cup.

J.League Cup

J.League Cup is a Japanese football competition.

It is one of the three major titles in Japan, along with J1 League and the Emperor's Cup.


Sef Vergoossen

Sef Vergoossen (born 8 May 1947) is a former Dutch football manager.

Kazumichi Takagi

Takagi was born in Yasu on November 21, 1980. After dropped out from Kyoto Sangyo University, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in June 2000. However he could hardly play in the match until 2002. In 2003, he played many matches as left side back until summer. However he could not play many matches from summer 2003. In August 2004, he moved to Vissel Kobe on loan. He became a regular player as center back of three backs defense. In 2005, he returned to Shimizu S-Pulse. He became a regular player as defensive midfielder and played with Teruyoshi Ito for the position. From summer 2005, he became a regular player as center back. He played with mainly Toshihide Saito or Ryuzo Morioka for the position and the club won the 2nd place at the Emperor's Cup. From 2006, he played as center back with Naoaki Aoyama for 3 seasons and the club won the 2nd place at the 2008 J.League Cup. In 2009, he moved to Gamba Osaka. In 2009, although he could not play many matches in league competition, he played many matches in Emperor's Cup and won the champions. In 2010, he became a regular player and played many matches as center back with Sota Nakazawa. The club also won the 2nd place in J1 League. However his opportunity to play decreased behind Satoshi Yamaguchi in 2011. In 2012, he moved to Vissel Kobe again. However he could not play many matches and the club was relegated to J2 League end of 2012 season. In 2013, he moved to Oita Trinita. Although he played many matches as center back of three backs defense, the club was relegated to J2 from 2014. In 2014, he became a captain and played many matches as regular center back. In 2015, he moved to J2 club FC Gifu and played many matches as center back. In 2016, he moved to J1 club Júbilo Iwata. However he could hardly play in the match. In 2017, he moved to Thailand and joined Air Force Central. In 2018, he returned to Japan and joined his locals club MIO Biwako Shiga in Japan Football League. He retired end of 2018 season.

On August 20, 2008, Takagi debuted for Japan national team against Uruguay. He played 5 games for Japan until 2009.

346||10||36||2||45||2||15||2||442||16
346||10||36||2||45||2||15||2||442||16

!Total||5||0

Peter Luccin

Peter Luccin (born 9 April 1979) is a French football coach and former professional player. Since 2019, he has been an assistant coach with FC Dallas.

132||3
240||11
372||14

Horim Museum

Horim Museum (호림박물관) is a museum in Sillim-dong Gwanak District, Seoul. It has many ceramics and pictures of Korea.


Elinor Ostrom

Elinor Claire "Lin" Ostrom ("née" Awan; August 7, 1933 – June 12, 2012) was an American political economist. She won the Nobel Prize 2009 in Economic Sciences which she shared with Oliver Williamson. Ostrom became the first woman to win a Nobel Prize in this category. Her worked said that the idea of the "Tragedy of the Commons" was too simple. Some communities do share common resources in a positive way and do not waste or destroy them.

Ostrom was one of 20 Nobel Laureates who signed the "Stockholm memorandum" at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.

Ostrom taught at both Indiana University and Arizona State University. She was born in Los Angeles, California. She was married to political scientist Vincent Ostrom (born 1919) from 1963 until she died. She was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in October 2011 and died of the disease in Bloomington, Indiana at age 78.

Spider Boy (novel)

Spider Boy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 1997.

Bobby Ballenger is starting a new school far from his old home. He moved from Illinois to New Paltz, New York and his love of spiders has earned him the nickname of Spider Boy from Illinois. This was given to him by the class bully. His pet spider has not eaten since the family moved. Bobby keeps a journal where he records interesting facts about spiders. He then uses it to record his frustrations and thoughts about his new school.



Sugababes

Sugababes are a British girl group. They were formed in 1998 by Ron Tom when the members were still at school. The band has since had a string of hits both in the United Kingdom including six number ones, and in several other countries. The band has changed its line-up thrice, because of reported differences between the members of the band. The original lineup was Siobhan, Mutya, and Keisha. 
Their first album," One Touch", was released in 2000. Siobhan left in 2001. Heidi Range, an original member of Atomic Kitten, replaced her. In 2002 their second album "Angels With Dirty Faces "was released on Island Records. It reached number 2 in the UK albums chart. Their third album "Three" was released in 2003. In 2004 they sung "Do They Know It's Christmas" as part of Band Aid 20. It reached No.1. In October 2005 their fourth album "Taller in More Ways" was released. It was their first UK number one album. It was also popular in other countries including Australia, Ireland, and Switzerland. In December 2005 it was announced that Mutya was no longer a member. Amelle Berrabah replaced her in the same month. "Follow Me Home" was rerecorded and released as the album's fourth single. In 2006 British Hit Singles & Albums named the band the most successful all-female group in the 21st century. They released Overloaded: The Singles Collection, which included two new songs, "Easy" and "Good to Be Gone". 
The band released their fifth album "Change" in 2007. It reached number one and sold over 300,000 copies in the UK. In 2008 "Catfights and Spotlights" was released. Their seventh studio album "Sweet 7" was released in March 2010. On 11 April 2011 the band released two albums, "The Best of the Bs" and "The Complete Bs". Both were collections of songs from other albums they had made. 
The band started a break in 2012 so that the members could do solo work. In 2013 Jade Ewen said that the band had officially split in 2011. The original members have formed a band called Mutya Keisha Siobhan who plan to release their first album in 2014.

In their career the band were nominated for forty-one awards, 14 of which they won.

John Allen Muhammad

John Allen Muhammad (December 31, 1960 – November 10, 2009) was a convicted American spree killer responsible for ten deaths in the Washington, D.C. area in 2002. He and Lee Boyd Malvo went on a murder spree, killing ten people by shooting them from a distance inside Muhammad's car. The last murders were done outside while hiding from view. Muhammad confessed to having committed seven more murders, making a total of 17 victims.

Muhammad was later sentenced to death by lethal injection and Malvo was sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. Muhammad was executed by lethal injection in November 10, 2009 in the state of Virginia.

Victor Silvester

Victor Marlborough Silvester OBE (25 February 1900 – 14 August 1978) was a English dancer, author, musician and dance band leader whose records sold 75 million copies from the 1930s through to the 1980s. He was a significant figure in the development of ballroom dance during the first half of the 20th century. Victor married "Dorothy Newton" in 1922, a few days after winning the World Ballroom Dancing Championship. 

Silvester was born in Wembley, Middlesex. He died in France.

After World War II, his orchestra and his weekly television programme, "Victor Silvester's Dancing Club", kept him in the public eye. His 1927 textbook, "Modern Ballroom Dancing", was an immediate bestseller and has remained in print through many editions, the last issued in 2005. He wrote ten other books, including his autobiography.

Vaginoplasty

Vaginoplasty is surgery to build or rebuild a vagina. Some babies are born with a problem where the vagina did not grow right. Doctors fix this with a vaginoplasty. Some women do not like how their vagina looks or feels. They can ask for a vaginoplasty. Some transsexual women ask for a vaginoplasty when they go from male to female (sex reassignment surgery).

Most of the time, the goal of the surgery is to enable these people to have sex like other people.

There are many ways to do a vaginoplasty. Most use tissue from other parts of the body of the patient. They can use tissue from inside the mouth, skin tissue, the vaginal labia, or the intestines. For transgender women, they can use the penis and scrotum to make a vagina, but they must continue to dilate the new vagina to keep it by a tool.


World Dance Council

The World Dance Council Ltd (WDC), previously known as the International Council of Ballroom Dancing (ICBD) until 1996, was established at a meeting organised by P.J.S Richardson on September 22, 1950 in Edinburgh.

Initially consisting of nine European countries and three others, today the WDC has become the leading authority on competitive ballroom and Latin dance. It has members in many countries throughout the world. Each country is allowed one member. As of 2006, there are 59 members.

Its governing body, the Presidium, consists of a President and five vice-presidents. Professional World Championship ballroom dance is organised by the Dancesport Committee; Amateur championships are organised by the Amateur League, and social dancing by the and the Social Dance Committee.

Luciano Galletti

Luciano Galletti (born 9 April 1980) is an Argentine retired football player. He used to play for Olympiacos.

64||11
11||2
197||20
51||17
323||50

!Total||13||1

Mastectomy

Mastectomy is a surgery to remove the breast. They may remove one breast or both breasts. They may remove some of the breast, or all of it.

Mastectomy is often done for people with breast cancer. Both men and women can get this cancer. Both men and women can need a mastectomy. Some people with a high risk of breast cancer have the operation before the cancer starts.

If they find a tumor in the breast, they may only remove part of the breast around the tumor. Then the person might also take drugs (chemotherapy) to stop the cancer. They might also have a machine send energy (radiation) into the breast. Sometimes this can stop the cancer.

Transgender men also get this surgery to reassign their sex.


Keisuke Ota (born in 1979)

Keisuke Ota (born 24 April 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

102||14||4||2||106||16
19||2||||||19||2
121||16||4||2||125||18

Tomoji Eguchi

Tomoji Eguchi (born 22 April 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

107||20||7||3||8||1||122||24
107||20||7||3||8||1||122||24

Blackpool Dance Festival

The 8-day Blackpool Dance Festival is the world's first and most famous annual ballroom dance competition of international significance. It has been held in the Winter Gardens, Blackpool, England since 1920 (except for war-time). It is also the largest regular ballroom competition: in 2003, 1539 couples from 54 countries took part in the festival.

As of the early 21st century the festival is held in May. It covers Ballroom dance, including Latin dances. The Festival includes the British Open Championships in categories of adult amateur and professional couples and formation teams. In 2005 two new categories were introduced: the British Rising Star Amateur Ballroom and Latin Competitions. Two invitation events, the Professional Team Match and the Exhibition Competition, create much interest.

The Junior Dance Festival, Blackpool Sequence Dance Festival, and British National Dance Festival are also held annually in Blackpool.

The annual World Professional Championship in either Ballroom or Latin dance is often held in Blackpool (4 times between 1989 and 2005), but is not connected with the Dance Festival.


Åtvidabergs FF

Åtvidabergs FF is an association football club in Åtvidaberg in Sweden. The club won Allsvenskan and became Swedish national champions in the years of 1972 and 1973.


Raúl García

Raúl García (born 11 July 1986) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid.

139||15
139||15

Yoshifumi Yamada

Yoshifumi Yamada (born 4 November 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

19||1||1||0||0||0||20||1
19||1||1||0||0||0||20||1

Michiaki Kakimoto

Michiaki Kakimoto (born 6 October 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Matsumoto Yamaga.

180||52||17||9||7||1||204||62
29||14||1||0||colspan="2"|-||30||14
209||66||18||9||7||1||234||76

Yoon Jong-hwan

Yoon Jong-Hwan (윤정환 尹晶煥, born February 16, 1973) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as a football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

140||12||7||0||63||8||210||20
148||12||13||9||4||0||165||21
288||24||20||9||67||8||375||41

!Total||37||4


Oleh Protasov

Oleh Protasov (born February 4, 1964) is a former Ukrainian football player. He has played for the Soviet Union national team and the Ukrainian national team.

216||125||||||||||216||125
175||64||||||||||175||64
55||24||4||4||3||0||62||28
446||213||4||4||3||0||453||217

!Total||68||29

!Total||1||0


Stirling Albion F.C.

Stirling Albion F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Bloody Mary (folklore)

Bloody Mary is a kind of ghost of a dead woman in Western folklore. This ghost is said to appear in a mirror after calling its name three times or more, depending on the version of the story. Like the Ouija board, this game is played by adolescents in parties or small meetings just to have fun. The ghost's name can vary according to the tales said by the people. Some similar names are: "Mary Worth", "Mary Worthington" and "Hell Mary", among others.

Ludwig Beck

Ludwig August Theodor Beck (29 June 1880 in Wiesbaden – 21 July 1944 in Berlin) was a German general officer. He worked for Adolf Hitler's resistance and was its leader. When the attempt to kill Hitler in his conference room failed, Hitler escaped and Beck was shot and arrested.

Otto Liman von Sanders

Otto Liman von Sanders (17 February 1855 – 22 August 1929) was a German general. He was a leader of the German military to help the Ottoman Empire in 1913. Allenby took power away from Sanders in 1918.

Scissor Sisters

The Scissor Sisters are a music group. They are classified as being rock, pop, and dance. They did a remake of Pink Floyd's "Comfortably Numb". They formed their band in 2001 in New York. Paddy Boom is one of their band members along with Jake Shears. Scissor Sisters have released four albums. 

At first the Scissor Sisters were called Dead Lesbian. They then changed their name to the Fibrillating Scissor Sisters. In 2002 the band were signed to A Touch of Class. They released their first single "Electrobix" in 2003. 

In 2004 "Comfortably Numb" was released as a single. It reached number 14 in the UK Singles Chart. "Take Your Mama" was then released as a single. It reached number 17 in the UK Singles Chart.
They released their first album, "Scissor Sisters", in 2004. The album got good reviews from music critics. It sold more than any other album in the UK in 2004. It has sold over 2,100,000 copies in the United Kingdom. 

In 2005 the Scissor Sisters won three BRIT Awards. In September 2006 the Scissor Sisters released their second album, "Ta-Dah". The album's first single, "I Don't Feel Like Dancin'", reached number one in the UK. Elton John played piano on the song.

In June 2010 Scissor Sisters' fourth album "Night Work" was released. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number two. Three singles were released from the album.

In 2012 the band's fourth album "Magic Hour" was released. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number four. "Shady Love" was released as the album's first single. It was only released on vinyl to 200 of the band's fans on Twitter and Facebook. Azealia Banks rapped on the song. "Only the Horses" was released as the album's second single. It reached number twelve in the UK Singles Chart.


Flying Solo

Flying Solo is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 1998.

Mr. Fabiano is a sixth-grade teacher that calls in sick on April 28th. When his class arrives, they find that their substitute teacher is missing. The class decides that they will not report this to the principal and will run the classroom by themselves. The students follow the instructions left by their teacher. All goes well until the end of the day, when a fight breaks out between two classmates and Mr. Fabiano is called upon to join in a school assembly. 


Some of topics in the novel include selective mutism, death, and grief.



Flying Solo is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 1998.

Gothika

Gothika is an American horror thriller movie starring Halle Berry.

Set partitioning in hierarchical trees

SPIHT (set partitioning in hierarchical trees) is a compression algorithm intended for compression of wavelet transform coefficients. It was introduced by Amir Said and William A. Pearlman in 1996. Its predecessor was EZW coding algorithm.

More practically, SPIHT progressively transforms these coefficients into a bit stream. This stream can be anywhere cut off. During decoding coefficients are increasingly refined.

Korean barbecue

Gogigui, Korean barbecue, or Korean short ribs, is marinated beef rib cross-sections cooked over direct heat. It comes from Korea originally but is now popular in many countries. Although Korean barbecue refers to a number of meat-based Korean entrées including "bulgogi" (beef) and spicy pork, the most common form of meat associated with the term is of the short rib variety. Korean BBQ comprise various spices including onion, soy sauce, and pepper to create a pleasant, unique blend of flavors.

There are many types of Korean barbecue meats. Galbi (Grilled Ribs), Samgyeopsal (Pork Belly), Thinly sliced brisket point, Sirloin, and Ribeye steak meat...etc. 
Pork belly sam gyeob sal, sam gyeob sal which translates to "three layers of flesh." It’s more well known than bacon in Korea.
Marinated beef bulgogi, Another classic dish, bulgogi, or "fire meat," is sweet and chewy.
Galbi is Korean BBQ Short Ribs, takes grilled short ribs and cut different than all others and a sweet and salty marinade.
American Barbecue tends to emphasize big hunks of meat like brisket and pork shoulder cooked low and slow behind closed doors.The Korean way of grilling beef, pork, chicken, or other kinds of meat, usually means having a grill right on the table, where people can talk, cook, and eat at the same time. Commonly  the meat is already cut into small pieces before grilling, and are then wrapped into bite-sized lettuce leaf packages ssam with garlic, vegetables, seasoning sauce, salt, and/or sesame oil

Bulgogi Recipe

Ingredients: 1/2 pounds rib eye beef (thinly sliced),2 tablespoons soy sauce,2 teaspoons sesame oil,2 teaspoons crushed garlic,2 tablespoons brown sugar,1 tablespoon rice wine (sake), Pinch of black pepper and 1/2 piece of fresh kiwi, juice in a blender.

Step 1- Add all the ingredients into a bowl or container one by one
Step 2- Let the marinade sit overnight or an hour
Step 3- Get the meat and massage the meat in the marinade to make it tender
Step 4- Put the meat on the grill
Step 5- Enjoy!

The side dishes are the other fun part. The raw, sliced meats come to the table pre-marinated (usually in soy sauce, rice vinegar, toasted sesame oil, and sugar) and share the spotlight with a slew of high-flavor accompaniments. Known as banchan, these allow customizing your Korean BBQ to your taste preferences. On the table, there is a bowl of funky kimchi made with cabbage or radishes, some spicy gochujang (fermented chile pepper paste), a dish of sweet-and-sour cucumbers, a fresh watercress or mung bean salad, a bowl of steamed rice, a dish of sesame salt, a savory dipping sauce dotted with chopped Asian pears, and some crisp lettuce leaves for wrapping it all up. It’s like a taco bar with lettuce as the wraps. The many, varied garnishes bring the grilled meat alive. Grill the strips of meat over the charcoal embers just until they are charred by fire and kissed with smoke, then wrap them up with a bit of sweet, a shot of salty, a spark of spice, a lick of acidity, some crunch, and a boatload of savory for what eventually becomes a minor feast of culinary fireworks. There are many other side dishes, some are kongnamul muchim (seasoned bean sprouts), Oi muchim (spicy cucumber salad), Musaengchae (Spicy Radish Salad), Sukju Namul (Seasoned Bean Sprouts), Gamja-salad (potato salad) and so much more side dishes.

Stede Bonnet

Stede Bonnet (c. 1688 – December 10, 1718) was an early 18th-century Barbadian pirate, sometimes called "the gentleman pirate" because he was a moderately rich landowner before turning to a life of crime. Bonnet was captured and was executed by hanging at White Point Garden, in Charleston, South Carolina on 10 December 1718.

Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble

Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble is a children's novel written by Ralph Fletcher with drawings by Ben Caldwell. It was first published in 2000.

Tommy who loves collecting needs ten dollars to buy a magic marble from another boy. He tries to pick flowers from his mother's rose garden to sell to a neighbor. He also tries to trade his little brothers snake. Tommy finally decides that the magic marble is not worth the trouble.



Harlequin (color)

Harlequin is the name of the colour that is halfway between green and chartreuse green on the Colour wheel. On color plate 17 in the 1930 book "A Dictionary of Colour", the colour "harlequin" is shown as being on the colour wheel precisely halfway between "green" and "yellow-green" (the colour which was formerly called "yellow-green" is now called "chartreuse green"). 

The first recorded use of "harlequin" as a color name in English was in 1923.


Hwajeong Museum

Hwajeong Museum (화정박물관) is a museum in Jongno District, Seoul. It was opened in 1999. It has many relics of Korea, China, and Tibet.


National Palace Museum of Korea

National Palace Museum of Korea () is a museum in Jongno District, Seoul. It was opened in 1908 and reopened in Gyeongbok Palace in 2005. It has royal relics of Joseon Dynasty. It also has 3 National Treasures of Korea.


National Folk Museum of Korea

National Folk Museum of Korea (국립민속박물관, 國立民俗博物館) is a museum in Jongno District, Seoul. It was opened in 1945, and reopened in Gyeongbok Palace in 1993.


Rutherford College

Rutherford College is a public high school for 12-18 year old boys and girls in Te Atatu Peninsula, Auckland, New Zealand. Opened in 1961, it was named after the Nobel Prize winning nuclear physicist and chemist, Lord Ernest Rutherford, who was born in New Zealand.

New Japan Pro-Wrestling

, also known as NJPW, is Japanese professional wrestling promotion.

NJPW is the largest wrestling promoter in Japan. NJPW has working agreements with other promoters, including: World Wrestling Entertainment, World Championship Wrestling, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, and PRIDE Fighting Championships.
NJPW was founded in 1972 by Kanji Inoki.

Since 1999, Tatsumi Fujinami has been president.

In 2012, Inoki continued to be known for innovation in the business.

On December 23, 2023, former NJPW president Takami Ohbari stepped down from the role of president. It was then announced that Hiroshi Tanahashi would become the new President and Representative Director of New Japan Pro-Wrestling.



Patrick Kane

Patrick Kane (born November 19, 1988 in Buffalo, New York) is an NHL ice hockey right winger/center for the Chicago Blackhawks.

He was the first overall pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. On June 12, 2008 he won the Calder Memorial Trophy awarded to the best rookie player beating his Blackhawks teammate Jonathan Toews and Washington Capitals forward Nicklas Backstrom. He was the cover athlete for the video game NHL 10. He has also competed in the 2009 NHL All-Star Game. Kane was selected to compete with Team USA in the 2010 Winter Olympic Games. On June 9, 2010 Patrick Kane scored the game-winning overtime goal which led the Blackhawks in winning their first Stanley Cup in 49 years which ended the longest Stanley Cup drought in the NHL.

Kane started his ice hockey career with the "Cazenovia Chiefs", a team in his hometown of Buffalo. He also played for the "West Seneca Wings", "Buffalo Regals", and "Depew Saints". When he was fourteen he played junior hockey for the USA Bobcats where he earned the title of MVP when he scored the most goals. He lived with former NHL player Pat Verbeek when he moved to Michigan at the age of fourteen while he played for the Honeybaked AAA hockey club of the Midwest Elite Hockey League. He stayed with the team for 3 years before the London Knights drafted him in the 5th round of the 2004 Ontario Hockey League Midget Draft.

Although he was drafted by the Knights in 2004, he did not play with them until the 2006–07 OHL season because he decided to play for the United States U-18 National Team Development Program. While he was part of the program, he led the team in scoring with 102 points during the 2005–06 season. During his OHL years, he played on a line along with future NHLers Sergei Kostitsyn and Sam Gagner. He passed 145 points to be awarded the OHL scoring title and also combined with Gagner and Kostitsyn for 394 points in the season. The Knights finished the post-season when they lost the OHL's Western Conference final to the Plymouth Whalers by a series best 4-1 in a 7 series loss. He finished his postseason with 10 goals and 21 assists which was a total of 31 points in 16 games.

He won the Emms Family Award for the OHL rookie of the year on April 27, 2007 and was also a runner-up for the Red Tilson Trophy as league MVP behind John Tavares.

Kane scored the overtime game-winning goal against Michael Leighton of the Philadelphia Flyers during Game 6 of the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals to win the Blackhawks their first Stanley Cup in 49 years which ended the longest Stanley Cup drought in the NHL.

He played with EHC Biel of the National League A during the 2012 NHL lockout. He also played for HC Davos during the 2012 Spengler Cup.

On June 24, 2013, Kane won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals. Kane was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy for Stanley Cup Playoffs MVP.

On the night of August 9, 2009, Patrick Kane and his cousin were riding in a taxi and allegedly punched the taxi driver because he did not have the correct change. Kane and his cousin were charged with second-degree robbery, fourth-degree criminal mischief, and theft of services. He pleaded not guilty and apologized for the trouble he caused but pleaded guilty to noncriminal disorderly conduct charges.

Ichthyophthirius multifiliis

Ichthyophthirius multifiliis, also called "white spot disease", "ick" or "ich" is a disease that causes little white spots on fresh water fish. It is one of the most common parasites of fish. It often affects pet fish in tanks and ponds, as well as farm-raised food fish species. Wild fish populations can also get the parasite.

Ich is a parasite, it can only survive by living on the skin of the fish, this is called being "obligate". The parasite moves by a fish carrying it, other animals, or even humans. The life cycle has three stages: tomont, theront, and trophont. The tomont stage is the adult stage of the parasite. When this adult tomont leaves the fish, it falls to the bottom of the pond. Once the tomont falls to the bottom, it forms a thin cyst wall. Within that cyst wall the tomont begins to divide, creating thousands of tomites. Once all the tomites are made, they are released into the water. Once this occurs, the tomites then develop into an elongated form and are then known as a theront. Theronts are the developmental stage that then can swim to the fish and burrow itself into the epithelial skin. They do this by using a penetrating gland. What makes them an obligate parasite is that if they are not able to penetrate the fish’s skin they will die, so to survive, they need to get into the fish. Once they are in the fish’s skin they are then known as trophonts. The trophonts are protected from the chemical treatment in aquariums or ponds by the fish’s skin, and therefore it is difficult to get rid of them once the fish is infected. The trophonts then mature by feeding on the fish and become adults. The life cycle continues when the adults fall off again. The only stage that can be killed in the water is the tomonts and the theronts. 

Also interestingly, the "I. multifiliis" life cycle from birth to death depends on the temperature of the water. In warm water, 25 °C (77 °F), the parasite's whole life cycle can take place in seven days. In cold water, 6 °C (43 °F), it can take up to eight weeks. 

The disease starts when the parasite digs into the skin of the fish. This causes swelling and white spots to form. After a few days, the parasite turns into a trophozoite, a jelly-like substance. This falls off the fish and lives on the bottom of the tank. Inside the jelly are hundreds of baby parasites called tomites. These eventually can swim by themselves and go looking for another fish to live in.

Fish may have Ichthyophthirius multifiliis without there being anything to see. Fish owners need to be careful about where they get their fish from, as the disease can spread very easily. There are a number of different ways to try to get rid of the parasite. One method is to heat the water to kill the parasites in the water before they can infect the fish. Another method is to add salt to the water, or put the fish into a salt water bath. The water should be changed frequently to remove the parasites. Chemicals are also available which will kill "Ichthyophthirius multifiliis". All these treatments need to be carefully planned for the type of fish species.

Fish with the disease will:

If you find that your fish is infected, here are some simple procedures to follow to help your fish. 



Kazuyoshi Matsunaga

Kazuyoshi Matsunaga (born 13 November 1977) is a Japanese football player.

110||26||6||3||3||1||119||30
110||26||6||3||3||1||119||30

Adhemar (footballer, born 1972)

Adhemar Ferreira de Camargo Neto (born 27 April 1972), usually just called Adhemar, is a former Brazilian football player.

Arno van Zwam

Arno van Zwam (born 16 September 1969) is a former Dutch football player.

229||0||||||||||229||0
74||0||5||0||22||0||101||0
303||0||5||0||22||0||330||0

José Antonio García Calvo

José Antonio García Calvo (born 1 April 1975) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

317||12
317||12

!Total||3||0

Juan Velasco Damas

Juan Velasco Damas (born 15 May 1977) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Larissas.

281||5
3||0
25||0
309||5

!Total||5||0

Aflac

Aflac (also known as Aflac Incorporated) is an insurance company. Their mascot is a white, short-tempered duck called the Aflac Duck. Gilbert Gottfried was the voice of the Aflac Duck, but was since replaced by Daniel McKeague after getting fired by the Aflac company for making online jokes about the Japan earthquake in 2011.

Also, college football has the Aflac trivia question. Their headquarters is in Columbus, Georgia.


State Farm Insurance

State Farm Insurance is an insurance agency with headquarters in Bloomington, Illinois. They serve both the U.S. and Canada. They sponsor the Lone Star Showdown.


La Vega, Dominican Republic

The Dominican city of Concepción de la Vega, usually known as La Vega, is the head municipality of the La Vega province; it is the largest city in the central part of the country.

The carnival of La Vega, every year during February, is one of the most important carnival in the country.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 202,864: 102,077 men and 100,787 women. The urban population was of the total population.

In 1494, Christopher Columbus built a small fort near what is today known of "La Vega Vieja" (the "Old La Vega"). Columbus gave the name of "Concepción" to the fort.

A small town grew around the fort and was known as "Concepción de la Vega" because it was in the western border of the main valley of the island ("Vega" means valley): the "Cibao Valley" or "Royal Valley".

The city was destroyed by a strong earthquake in December of 1562; the town was rebuilt several kilometres to the south of the old one, on the southern side of the Camú river, where the city is now.

The municipality of Concepción de la Vega has a total area of . It has three municipal districts (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality). These are Río Verde Arriba, El Ranchito and Tavera.

Concepción de la Vega is at to the northwest of Santo Domingo and at to the southeast of Santiago. The municipality is in the western side of the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain"), in the "Valle de la Vega Real" ("Royal Valley").

The altitude of the city of Concepción de la Vega is above sea level.

The municipality of Concepción de la Vega has the Espaillat and Hermanas Mirabal provinces to the north, the Duarte province and the municipality of Jima Abajo to the east, the Monseñor Nouel province to the south and the municipality of Jarabacoa and the province of Santiago province to the west.

The Camú river flows along the northern side of the city; that river, one of the most important river of the country, is a left tributary of the Yuna river.

La Vega has a tropical wet climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist (rainfalls during the whole year).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by April with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of followed by June, , and January, .

La Vega is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of La Vega has three municipal districts:

The most important economic activity in the province is farming; some important crops are plantain, rice, cacao; some vegetables are grown in the valley of the Camú river. Cattle raising is also important, mainly for milk.

There is also here an important "Free Trade Zone", a place where there are different companies that made different products to send to other countries and do not pay taxes in the Dominican Republic.

Arkansas Razorbacks

The Arkansas Razorbacks, also known as the Hogs, are the name of the sports teams at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Arkansas.

Uncle Daddy

Uncle Daddy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 2001. It won a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People, ages 10–12 category in 2002.

River's father left his wife and son when the son is three years old. He goes out to get a pizza and does not come back. His mother's uncle moves in and becomes "Uncle Daddy". Rivers is living a normal life for a nine year old boy when his father returns after being gone for six years. The return of Rivers father threatens to tear the family apart until Uncle Daddy has a near fatal heart attack. Rivers and his parents come together to support Uncle Daddy.

"Uncle Daddy" won a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People, ages 10–12 category in 2002.



The One O'Clock Chop

The One O'Clock Chop is a young adult novel by written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 2007.

Ralph Fletch drew up on own experiences in being a clam digger when he was between seventeen and twenty years old. He considers this his first piece of historical fiction and talked to many Hawaiian women while writing this novel.

Matt, a fourteen your old boy living on Long Island in 1973, takes a job with Dan, a clam digger. He wants to save up enough money to buy a used boat. Jazzy, Matt's cousin from Hawaii comes to spend the summer with Matt and his mother. Jazzy and Matt become kissing cousins until Jazzy becomes interested in another boy. They finally become friends again and Matt learns to stand up for himself.

The One O'Clock Chop is a daily breeze that suddenly moves across the bay where Matt lives roughening up the smooth surface. Dan says "the old salts say you can set your watch by it."


Walking Trees

Walking Trees: Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools is a book by Ralph Fletcher. It was first published in 1990. It was published again in 1995 under a different title "Walking Trees: Portraits of Teachers and Children in the Culture of Schools".

"Walking Trees: Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools" is the story of Ralph Fletcher's work in the New York City school system as a teacher trainer program to teach teachers about writing.


Union County, Florida

Union County is a county in northern Florida. Union County is also the smallest county in Florida. The county was founded in 1921 after being cut off from Bradford County. In 2020, about 16,000 people lived in Union County. Lake Butler is the county seat of Union County, it is also the largest city in Union County. Since Union County is the smallest county, it covers only 250 square miles.

There are only two other cities in Union County other than Lake Butler. The two other cities are:


Pneumothorax

Pneumothorax (sometimes called "collapsed lung") is a health problem where air or gas is in the pleural space (the space between the lung and the pleura). The pleura is a slim membrane that covers the lungs. The two parts of the pleura usually touch. A hole might grow in the surface of the lung. Air then enters between the pleura and the lung. The lung will collapse. If enough air gets into the pleural space, it can also push against other organs or parts in the chest, like the heart or the aorta. Pneumothorax is a medical emergency.

There are two main types of pneumothorax. These are a Closed Pneumothorax, and an Open Pneumothorax. These are also known as Simple Pneumothorax and Complex Pneumothorax.

The most common symptoms of Pneumothorax are chest pains. The chest pains can be sharp, dull, or stabbing. Some other symptoms of Pneumothorax are shortness of breath, rapid breathing, and coughing.

A Pneumothorax can occur for no obvious reason (spontaneous). It is typically men who are tall (or perhaps have long torsos), between the ages of 20 and 40 who present a spontaneous pneumothorax.

Small air blisters (blebs) can develop on the top of the surface of the lungs. These blebs sometimes burst — allowing air to leak into the pleural space that surrounds the lungs, causing the lung to collapse.

Otherwise, it can be caused by blunt or penetrating injuries or lung diseases that result in the lung leaking air into the pleural cavity.

Consuming cannabis via smoking is also related to victims of a pneumothorax.

Simple Pneumothorax will heal by itself. Complex pneumothorax will need medical attention. One should treat respiratory problems as soon as they occur.

Closed pneumothorax is when air or gas gets in the pleural space without any outside wound. This sometimes happens when the lung is already injured somehow, like from diseases such as cancer or cystic fibrosis. Cystic fibrosis is a disease in the lungs. Glands in the body make large amounts of thick mucus. The mucus blocks ducts and passageways.

The most common cause of closed pneumothorax is called spontaneous pneumothorax. The cause of spontaneous pneumothorax is not known.

Open pneumothorax is when air gets into the pleural space from an injury to the chest. This can happen with stab wounds, like from a knife. It can also happen after a gunshot injury. The injury is most dangerous if the wound lets air in when the injured person (or animal) breathes, but does not let it back out. Sometimes this is called a "sucking chest wound."

Electroluminescence

Electroluminescence (EL) is an optical and electrical event in which a material emits light in response to an electric current passed through it, or to a strong electric field.

The electric energy is absorbed by electron in the ground state and is excited to the higher state of energy called the excited state.The excited state is not the stable state and the electron jumps back to the ground state and emits the photon related to the bandgap of the material.
Daughter of the Forest

Daughter of the Forest is a fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier first published in 1999 It is based on "The Six Swans" (a story that has many versions, one of which is by the Brothers Grimm). A girl must sew six shirts from a painful plant in order to save her brothers from a witch's curse. She must not speak until the task is finished.

Sorcha, the seventh child of Irish Lord Colum of Sevenwaters, has been raised by her six older brothers. Having lost her mother at birth, Sorcha is almost ignored by her father. Her father's new wife, the Lady Oonagh, attacks Sorcha and her brothers. Sorcha alone is able to flee into the forest and escape. Sorcha's brothers, however, have been turned into swans.

The story is a twist on the classic tale of "The Six Swans." Sorcha learns that if she can spin six shirts from a painful plant she can free her brothers from the spell. But she must not speak until the last one has been finished. Sorcha agrees to this and spends several years in the forest hiding as she works on the shirts.

After several years of hard work, Sorcha is saved from drowning by a British lord, Hugh of Harrowfield (known as "Red"). When Red returns to Britain, Sorcha accompanies him. Red believes that Sorcha knows something about his brother, Simon. Sorcha had nursed Simon back to health after his capture by Lord Colum. Sorcha stays with Red as she works on the shirts.

While in Britain, Sorcha finds a new danger in the form of Lord Richard, Red's uncle. Sorcha must fend off the attacks of Richard as she works to save her brothers.




Sonic Adventure

Sonic Adventure is a video game from the Sonic the Hedgehog series. It was the very first Dreamcast game. It was released in Japan on November 27, 1998, in North America on September 9, 1999 and in Europe on October 14, 1999. It is the first Sonic game to have 3D surroundings, instead of 2D surroundings like the other Sonic games had. It was released in Japan as one of five launch titles. It also has a sequel called Sonic Adventure 2.

The object of the game is to get all of the Chaos Emeralds by playing different characters from the Sonic series, in order to defeat Dr. Eggman. Each character has their own level, each with a specific purpose. For example, Knuckles has to find and put together all of the pieces of the Master Emerald. The list of playable characters are:


Sonic Adventure DX: Directors Cut is an advanced version of Sonic Adventure released for the Nintendo GameCube and Microsoft Windows in 2004. It was later released on PSN, XBLA and Steam. It contained a new "Mission Mode", a Mini-Game collection [only on GameCube and Windows versions] and allows the player to play as Metal Sonic once they get all 130 emblems. It is famous for being full of glitches.

Hyracotherium

Hyracotherium was previously called "Eohippus" (meaning "dawn horse"). It is a Eurasian species, a Palaeothere. That group is ancestral to the horses and brontotheres. Therefore, it is not the same animal as "Eohippus", which is the earliest horse. 

"Hyracotherium" lived during the early Eocene epoch, about 5545 million years ago. It lived in the northern hemisphere in Asia and Europe. The first fossils of this tiny animal were found in England by Richard Owen in 1841 and named "Hyracotherium".

The original type species "H. leporinum" is now regarded as an "Eohippus". So that name has been brought back to describe the early proto-horse found in North America. 

Hurricane Keith

Hurricane Keith was the strongest hurricane of the 2000 Atlantic hurricane season. Keith struck Belize and Mexico before it died on October 6. Keith killed 24 people and caused $225 million in damage. Most of this damage happened in Belize. It was because it struck Belize while stronger than when it struck Mexico.

The beginning of the hurricane was from a tropical wave that moved into the Atlantic Ocean off of Africa on September 16. The wave moved across much of the Caribbean Sea, until September 28, at that time it became Tropical Depression Fifteen. Fifteen moved a little northwest and became Tropical Storm Keith on September 29.

Keith changed its course and moved west. On September 30 Keith became a hurricane. Keith rapidly gained strength and later on September 30, Keith reached its highest wind speed with which at 140 mph. The hurricane was blocked and was forced to make a loop. 

Since Keith was close to land, the block caused Keith to weaken a lot. On October 2 as a weak hurricane, Keith made landfall in Ambergris Caye, Belize. The next day, Keith made another landfall in Belize, this time in Belize City as a very strong tropical storm.
Keith moved over Belize and the Yucatan Peninsula and weakened to a tropical depression. Tropical Depression Keith moved off of the Peninsula and into the Gulf of Mexico, where it quickly became a tropical storm again. 

On October 4, Keith again became a hurricane. Hurricane Keith made its last landfall in Mexico near Tampico in Tamaulipas on October 5. Keith weakened over Mexico until it finally died on October 6.

The name Keith was retired in the Spring of 2001. The name Kirk was put on the list in 2006, but Kirk was not used, so it must be used again in 2012.

Degree (mathematics)

The degree of a polynomial formula_1 is the highest exponent that occurs inside that polynomial. It is represented by the symbol formula_2. 

For example, if we look at the polynomial formula_3, then we can see that the degree of this polynomial is formula_4, because the highest power in the variable formula_5 is formula_4. It occurs in the term formula_7.

The name of the variable is not important. For example, the polynomial formula_8 has degree formula_9, because the highest power of the variable, in this case formula_10, is formula_9, which occurs in the term formula_12.


Polynomial root

The root of a polynomial "f" is a value for "x" where the polynomial value "f(x)" is zero. 

For example, if the polynomial formula_1 then formula_2, so 2 is a root of this polynomial. 

In fact, it can be seen that also -7 is a root of this polynomial.

Monster group

In math, there are many subjects. One of these is group theory. In group theory, the Monster group (shortened to "M" or "F") is important. It is also called the Fischer-Griess Monster, or the Friendly Giant. It is a group of a finite number of elements, which is equal to:

It is a "simple group". Simple groups are very important in group theory. They are not made out of other groups, and other groups are always made out of combinations of them. A normal subgroup is an important part of a group. Simple groups have no normal subgroups except the unimportant identity element, and themselves. 

The finite simple groups have been completely classified (the classification of finite simple groups). There are two kinds of finite simple groups in the list of finite simple groups. The first kind has 18 countably infinite families. The second kind has 26 sporadic groups. They are not as systematic. The Monster group is the largest of these sporadic groups. It contains all but six of the other sporadic groups inside of it. Robert Griess has called these six exceptions pariahs. The rest make up the happy family.


Iowa Hawkeyes

The Iowa Hawkeyes are the athletics teams of the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa, United States. The Hawkeyes have varsity teams in 24 sports. They have 11 teams for men and 13 for women. The teams are a part of Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and are members of the Big Ten Conference. 

The term "Hawkeye" first appeared in the book "The Last of the Mohicans". It was later used in its plural form to describe the people of Iowa. 

Historically, Iowa has done well in wrestling. They have 34 team Big Ten championships and 23 team national championships. The Hawkeyes have also won national championships in three other sports. These are men's gymnastics, football and field hockey. In basketball, Iowa has reached the Final Four five times. The men's team has done this three times and the women's team has done so twice. The baseball team has reached the Men's College World Series once, in 1972. Iowa's softball team has played in the Women's College World Series four times.

The Supremes

The Supremes were an American female singing group. It was originally founded as The Primettes in Detroit, Michigan, in 1959. Diana Ross, Mary Wilson, and Florence Ballard sang in the group. They recorded music for Motown records. The Supremes' were known for their doo-wop, pop, soul, and disco.

The Supremes were the most commercially successful of Motown's acts. They are, to date, America's most successful vocal group, with 12 number one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Most of these hits were written and produced by Motown's main songwriting and production team, Holland–Dozier–Holland. At their peak in the mid-1960s, the Supremes rivaled the Beatles in worldwide popularity. Their success made it possible for future African American R&B and soul musicians to find mainstream success.

Founding members Florence Ballard, Mary Wilson, Diana Ross, and Betty McGlown, all came from a public housing project in Detroit. They formed the Primettes as the sister act to the Primes (with Paul Williams and Eddie Kendricks, who went on to form the Temptations). Barbara Martin replaced McGlown in 1960, and the group signed with Motown the following year as the Supremes. Martin left the act in early 1962, and Ross, Ballard, and Wilson carried on as a trio.

During the mid-1960s, the Supremes achieved mainstream success with Ross as lead singer. In 1967, Motown president Berry Gordy renamed the group Diana Ross & the Supremes, and replaced Ballard with Cindy Birdsong. Ross left to pursue a solo career in 1970 and was replaced by Jean Terrell, at which point the group's name reverted to the Supremes. After 1972, the lineup changed more frequently; Lynda Laurence, Scherrie Payne, and Susaye Greene all became members of the group during the mid-1970s. The Supremes disbanded in 1977 after an 18-year run.

Yvon of the Yukon

Yvon of the Yukon was a 26-minute Canadian animated cartoon that was about a French explorer named Yvon Ducharme, who became frozen in an ice block in the Yukon after being knocked overboard off his boat. The show follows the adventures of Yvon as he attempts to adjust to life in the Yukon.

The show takes place in the fictional town of Upyermukluk (a play on "Up your mukluk").



List of museums in Seoul

This is a list of museums in Seoul.





Shigemu Ueda

Shigemu Ueda (born 11 November 1965) is a Japanese football manager.

Daiki Fukagawa

Daiki Fukagawa (born 29 August 1980) was a Japanese football player.

Yu Kawamura

Yu Kawamura (born 1 December 1980) is a Japanese professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

62||4||3||0||5||1||70||5
62||4||3||0||5||1||70||5

Stranraer F.C.

Stranraer F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.

Nozomu Kato

Nozomu Kato (born 7 October 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

458||82||23||4||51||13||532||99
458||82||23||4||51||13||532||99

Masayuki Omori

Masayuki Omori (born 9 November 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

237||0||24||0||40||0||301||0
237||0||24||0||40||0||301||0

Mitsuru Nagata

Nagata was born in Shizuoka on April 6, 1983. After graduating from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2002. He debuted in September 2002 and became a regular center back in 2003. However he injured his anterior cruciate ligament in March 2005. Although he came back in November, Reysol was relegated to J2 League end of the 2005 season. In 2006, Nagata moved to J1 club Albirex Niigata with teammate Kisho Yano. However Nagata could not play at all in the match for injuries in 2006. He became a regular player in 2007 and played many matches as center back with Mitsuru Chiyotanda (2007-2009) and Kazuhiko Chiba (2010). In 2011, Nagata moved to Urawa Reds with teammate Márcio Richardes. He became a regular center back from first season. However he could not play many matches for repeated injuries from 2013. In 2017, he moved to J2 club Tokyo Verdy. Although he played for the club in 2 seasons, he could hardly play in the match and resigned end of 2018 season. In May 2019, he joined Regional Leagues club Tokyo United FC. He retired end of the 2019 season.

In 2003, Nagata was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2003 World Youth Championship. At this tournament, he played 3 matches. On September 7, 2010, he debuted for the Japan national team against Guatemala. He also played at 2011 Asian Cup. He played 2 games for Japan until 2011.

289||6||21||0||48||1||8||0||366||7
289||6||21||0||48||1||8||0||366||7

!Total||2||0

Berwick Rangers F.C.

Berwick Rangers F.C. is a football club. They play in Scotland.

Paper Mario (video game)

Paper Mario is a Nintendo 64 role-playing game released in 2000. It features Mario in his paper form. The game was sold for Virtual Console on the Wii in 2007 and the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2015. It was followed by five sequels: "" (2004), "Super Paper Mario" (2007), "" (2012), "" (2016), and "" (2020).

When Bowser uses the Star Rod, he interrupts the party hosted by Princess Peach and the castle is lifted into outer space. As the game progresses, Mario rescues Peach, defeats Bowser and uses the Star Rod to restore the castle.

I'm Not Alone

"I'm Not Alone" is the lead single from Scottish DJ and producer Calvin Harris' second album, Ready for the Weekend, and his first appearance on a single since "Dance Wiv Me" with Dizzee Rascal and Chrome, which peaked at number 1 in the UK singles chart in 2008. "I'm Not Alone" was first-played by Pete Tong on BBC Radio 1 as his "essential new tune" on January 23, 2009 and has been described as a slice of euphoric dance. On April 12, 2009, the song debuted at #1 on the UK Singles Chart, giving Harris his first solo #1 single in the UK and second overall.

Check and checkmate

Check is a term in chess when a player's king is attacked. If the king is in check, the player "must" find a way to stop the threat; he can not just ignore it. The player must do one of these things:


If none of these works, then it is not a check but "checkmate". 

Checkmate (often called mate) is when a player's king is attacked (in check) and there is no way to escape that attack. Or, simply put, the king is under attack and cannot get out of being captured. Giving checkmate is the main goal in chess: a player who is mated loses the game.

These rules have been part of chess since its beginning. Until the early 20th century, it was customary to announce "Check!" verbally when making the move. This would be regarded as strange today; players do not address each other in competitive chess except where necessary.

Until the 19th century it was customary to warn one's opponent when attacking his queen: "Check to the queen!" Most players today do not know this was ever done.

Tacoma, Washington

Tacoma is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States. The city is on Washington's Puget Sound.

Tacoma was named after the nearby Mount Rainier. It was first called Mount Tahoma.

Mixed government

A Mixed government or mixed constitution is a form of government where different sized groups of people control different types of issues. It integrates different forms of government, like democracy, oligarchy, and monarchy. Mixed government means that there are some issues where the state is governed by the majority of the people, in some other issues the state is governed by few, in some other issues by a single person, often defined in a constitution. Today, this idea is commonly seen as a precursor to that of separation of powers

Mixed governments was common in Ancient Rome. 

Marguerite daisy

"Argyranthemum", also called the marguerite or marguerite daisy, is a perennial plant, which is good for being a potted plant. It is native to the Canary Islands.

Son of the Shadows

Son of the Shadows is a fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier and the second book in the Sevenwaters Trilogy first published in 2000. It follows the path of Sorcha and Red's third child, Liadian, a girl who lives outside the pattern of the 'Fair Folk', also known as Túatha Dé Danann. "Son of the Shadows" won the 2001 Aurealis Awards for Fantasy Novel.

In this novel, Liadan grows up in Sevenwaters with her twin brother Sean and her older sister Niamh. They are the children of Sorcha and Iubdan (formerly Hugh of Harrowfield). Liadan follows in her mothers tradition in learning the healing arts. Niamh has great beauty and is 'expected' to wed Eamonn, a nearby chieftan. Eamonn actually asks for the hand of Liadan, she says that she will give him an answer in one year. While staying at Sevenwaters, Eamonn tells a tale of a recent attack by a band of mercenaries. Upon this attack, all his men were killed, and his life was spared by a man called the Painted Man. He swears that he will kill him. During the festival of Imbolc, a young druid named Ciarán tells the story of Aengus Óg and Caer Ibormeith and catches the fancy of Niamh. They are soon having a secret love affair. Liadan discovers their secret during a walk in the forest. When the truth comes out, Ciarán leaves the Druids and Sevenwaters and Niamh is forced to marry the Uí Néill chieftan, Fionn.

Liadan goes with her sister on the trip to her new home. On the way back she is kidnapped by an outlaw and brought to the camp of "The Painted Man" in order to try to save the life of their smith who was hurt in an accident. She accepts the task and eventually falls in love with Bran, their leader. When Bran finds out that she is the daughter of Hugh of Horrowfield, he sends her back home. When she returns to Sevenwaters, she finds she is pregnant with Bran's child. The Tuatha Dé Danann demand that she and her son remain in the forest, but she refuses to comply. With the help of Finbar she realizes that she has his gift of sight and can read and heal the minds of others.

Sean, Liadan's brother and heir to Sevenwaters, wants to buy the Painted Man's fighting men in their long battle for the sacred islands. All of the leaders go to a meeting to discuss the feud with the Britons. Liadan and her sister visit Sean's future bride and Eamonn's sister at his estate called Sídhe Dubh. During this visit Liadan discovers that her sisters husband has been beating her. She uses her mind gifts to help Niamh. With the help of Bran they plan on secretly taking Niamh out of Sídhe Dubh and take her to a Christian nunnery where she can be safe. At the last moment Eamonn and Fionn return and attack Bran and Gull as they escape with Niamh. Eamonn returns from the chase and tells the tale of how Naimh slips on the rocks and fell into the bog and died. All that remained was a cord that Liadan made for Niamh that held a white stone given to her by Ciarán.

Liadan finally gives birth to her son. Her mother and father realize when the child is born that his father (Bran) must have been the son of John and Margery, kinsman of Iubdan when he was Lord of Horrowfield. Liadan names the child Johnny. Shortly after the birth of Johnny, Sorcha dies. But before her death Liadan tells Sorcha, Iubdin and Finbar the story of Niamh's abuse by her husband; the escape from Sídhe Dubh with the help of Bran; and her belief that Niamh is not dead. On her deathbed Sorcha tells Iubdin that he must return to Harrowfield and learn the truth about John and Margery's son. Ciarán returned in hiding as a tinker during the ceremory for Sorcha. He tells Liadan that Niamh is indeed alive and safe. He also tells her the truth of why they could not wed. Ciarán is the son of Lord Colum and the Lady Oonah, he is half brother to Niamh's mother. So their union was forbidden by blood. This was why they were not allowed to wed and that he could never be a druid since he carried the blood of the sorceress Lady Oonah. Ciarán gives Liadan a gift for helping rescue Niamh for her abusive husband and returning her to Ciarán, a mysterious raven named Fiacha.

Bran comes to Sevenwaters in secret to meet with Sean and meets Liadan, she tells him of his son. After Bran leaves, Liadan has a vision of her Uncle Liam's death; a vision of Eamonn telling Aisling that she could not marry Sean and then her suicide. They then learn that Fionn was recently killed in his sleep. Liam was indeed killed by a Britons arrow and his nephew Sean takes control of Sevenwaters. Sean fearful for Aisling convinces Liadan to go to Sídhe Dubh to bring Aisling back so they can be married. Liadan has had visions of Eamonn torturing Bran. When she arrives at Sídhe Dubh she learns from Eamonn that he indeed has Bran held prisoner. She makes a deal with Eamonn, in exchange for not revealing that Eamonn betrayed his kinsman Liam and sacrificed his life in exchange for the Painted Man capture. Aisling will be allowed to go Sevenwaters and Liadan can leaves with Bran and Gull if she can find them and leave before dusk. With the help of some magic and Fiacha they make it safely through the bog that surrounds Sídhe Dubh. Liadan learns Bran's hidden truth about his childhood during her fight to bring him back from the torture inflicted on him. She reveals this to her father Iubdin and she convinces Bran that his future might lie in returning to his roots at Harrowfield in Briton, while his men talk of setting up a school for warriors.


Publishers Weekly said that "The story, though a bit light on the magic and heavy on the romantic, is reminiscent of Jennifer Roberson's Chesuli series. Fantasy addicts should love it".

Jackie Cassada in "The Library Journal" said "Marillier blends old legends with original storytelling to produce an epic fantasy that belongs in most libraries".

"Booklist" in 2001 said that "Marillier's virtuosic pacing and vivid, filmic style make this an engaging continuation of one of the last year's best fantasies".

Spellings shown below are the one used in the novel




"Son of the Shadows" won the 2001 Aurealis Awards for Fantasy Novel


Axis of rotation

The Axis of rotation is an imaginary line passing through the centre of mass of any celestial body around which the celestial body rotates. In case of Earth, the axis of rotation of Earth passes through the north pole, the centre of mass of Earth and the south pole. The Earth makes one complete rotation around this imaginary axis every 23 hours 56 minutes 4 seconds.The line passes through the north and south poles of a planet.


Orbital plane (astronomy)

An orbital plane is the geometric plane of an orbit. It is described by its difference from a "reference plane".

The reference plane for the Solar System is usually the Earth's orbital plane. This defines the ecliptic, the path on the celestial sphere that the Sun appears to follow over a year.

For example, suppose a planet is orbiting around a star in an elliptical orbit. The area within the path is the 'orbital plane' of that planet. The plane of the Earth's orbit around the Sun is called the ecliptic plane.

Sometimes the invariable plane is used instead.

Guadalajara

Guadalajara is a city in Mexico. Over three and a half million people live there. It is the second-largest city in Mexico. It is the capital of the Mexican state of Jalisco. It is in Western Mexico and is over above sea level. Guadalajara is a major Latin American city in terms of industry, tourism, and culture. A famous soccer team called Chivas Guadalajara plays there. In 2011 Guadalajara hosted the Panamerican Games and Plans to bid for the 2028 Summer Olympic Games. In 2005 Guadalajara was called the City of Culture 2005. Guadalajara is home to a largely celebrated culture of "New Modern Mexico". Guadalajara is also known for Mariachi (a form of folk music) and Baile Folklórico, traditional Mexican dances.

The city is named after Guadalajara, Spain.

Grouper

Groupers are large fish of the perch type. They are genera in the subfamily Epinephelinae.

Groupers and the sea basses are in the family Serranidae. Most groupers are in one of two large genera: "Epinephelus" and "Mycteroperca". Also, species in the small genera "Anyperidon", "Cromileptes", "Dermatolepis", "Gracila", "Saloptia", and "Triso" are also called groupers. Fish in the genus "Plectropomus" are referred to as coral groupers. These genera are all in the subfamily Epiphelinae. 

Sometimes other fish have common names with the word "grouper". Nonetheless, "grouper" on its own is usually taken to mean the subfamily Epinephelinae.

Groupers and octopuses often work together to catch prey on coral reefs.

Orion's Belt

Orion's Belt or Belt of Orion is belt of 3 stars in one line in the constellation Orion. Ancient Arabic names of these 3 stars are Alnitak, Alnilam and Mintaka. These 3 stars are named by astronomers as ζ Ori (Alnitak), ε Ori (Alnilam), and δ Ori (Mintaka). These 3 stars are best visible in the night sky during the month of January.

High School Musical 3: Senior Year

High School Musical 3: Senior Year is the third installment in Disney's "High School Musical" franchise. It was released in theaters on October 24, 2008. Kenny Ortega returns as director and choreographer along with the cast from the first two movies.

High school sweethearts Troy Bolton and Gabriella Montez are facing the prospect of being separated from each other as they go off in different directions when graduating from East High. Joined by the rest of their Wildcat friends, including Sharpay and Ryan Evans, Chad Danforth, Kelsi Nielsen, Zeke Baylor, Martha Cox, and Taylor McKessie, they stage a spring musical about their experiences, hopes and fears about the future.

Returning cast


Malcolm Turnbull

Malcolm Bligh Turnbull (born 24 October 1954) is an Australian politician. He was the leader of the Liberal Party and Prime Minister of Australia. He was Minister for Communications in the government of Australia under Prime Minister Tony Abbott from 18 September 2013 until 14 September 2015. Turnbull is also the former Leader of the Opposition in the Australian Parliament, and former leader of the Liberal Party, succeeding Brendan Nelson on 16 September 2008.

He lost the leadership positions on 1 December 2009, by one vote to Tony Abbott. Turnbull had agreed to allow the government's emissions trading scheme (ETS) to pass through the parliament. This was opposed by many people in the Liberal Party who argued that an ETS was unnecessary. Other people in the party thought an ETS would harm Australia's coal exports. Others in the party did not like the way that Turnbull managed the arguments within his party.

Turnbull was elected in his full-term Prime Minister position in the 2016 federal election. He resigned in August 2018 following a leadership challenge in the Liberal Party where Scott Morrison was elected as the party's leader and eventual Prime Minister.

The Green Mile (movie)

The Green Mile is a 1999 American drama movie. It was released on December 10, 1999 in the United States. It stars Tom Hanks, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, and Michael Clarke Duncan. It was directed by Frank Darabont.

In Louisiana in 1935, inmates at the Cold Mountain Correctional Facility call Death Row "The Green Mile" because of the dark green linoleum that tiles the floor. Paul Edgecomb (played by Tom Hanks) is the head guard on the Green Mile when a new inmate arrives: John Coffey (played by Michael Clarke Duncan), who is to be executed for the murder of two young girls. Despite his size and the fearsome crimes for which he's serving time, Coffey seems to be a kind and well-mannered person who behaves more like an innocent child than a hardened criminal. Soon Edgecomb and two of his fellow guards, Howell (played by David Morse) and Stanton (played by Barry Pepper), notice something odd about Coffey: he's able to perform what seem to be miracles of healing, like bringing a dead mouse back to life, leading them to wonder just what sort of person he could be, and if he could have done the crimes with which he was charged.

The word "Green mile" is said to "metaphorically" represent the short distance of land (therefore the use of the word "mile") that a prisoner needs to walk before he or she is executed .

1999 Academy Awards
2000 Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films
2000 Broadcast Music Incorporated Film & TV Awards
2000 Black Reel Awards
2000 Blockbuster Entertainment Awards
2000 Bram Stoker Awards
2000 Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards
2000 Chicago Film Critics Association Awards
2000 Directors Guild of America
2000 Golden Globe Awards
2000 NAACP Image Awards
2000 MTV Movie Awards
2000 Motion Picture Sound Editors (Golden Reel Awards)
2000 People's Choice Awards
2001 Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (Nebula Award)
2000 Screen Actors Guild Awards


Billy Mays

William Darrell "Billy" Mays, Jr. (July 20, 1958 – June 28, 2009) was an American television direct-response advertisement salesperson most well known for promoting OxiClean, Orange Glo, and other cleaning, home-based, and maintenance products.

His distinctive beard and loud sales pitches made him a recognized television presence in the United States and Canada.A universally loved figure wherever he aired he was the only thing that kept most people from turning the channel. Even after his death he's still a popular and prominent pop culture icon. More recently becoming a meme star.

He starred in his own TV show called Pitchmen with his friend and co-worker Anthony Sullivan. The show was on for one season before his sudden death.

Mays died at age 50 on June 28, 2009 from complications of heart disease.. 


E-Type

Bosse Martin Erik Eriksson (born August 27, 1965) is a Swedish musician. He is better known by his stage name E-Type. He is in the techno/trance music genre. His songs include "Life" (cansis club mix).

Jason Derulo

Jason Joel Desrouleaux, known publicly by the spelling Derulo (formerly Derülo; born September 21, 1949/1961/1989*) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, record producer, and content creator. He is part of the band Frou Frou with Imogen Heap. They sang the song "Whatcha Say", which samples Heap's song "Hide and Seek". "Whatcha Say" became Derulo's first US number-one and was double platinum. Other singles include "The Other Side", "In My Head", "Want to Want Me", and "Ridin' Solo".

In 1973/1985/2013*, Derulo released the album "Tattoos", known as "Talk Dirty" for the US version. The single "Talk Dirty" reached number three in the US and topped charts in the UK. The song "Wiggle" was also released from the album.

Derulo has become known in recent years for his videos posted to the social media app TikTok. His song "Savage Love (Laxed - Siren Beat)", which was a collaboration with Jawsh 685, became his second US number-one single in 2020 after remixes of the song were released with South Korean K-pop boy band BTS.

Derulo has been in a relationship with influencer Jena Frumes since March 2020. They announced their separation in September 2021.

On May 8, 2021, Derulo and Frumes welcomed their first child, a son named Jason King Derulo.

Segarcea

Segarcea is a town in Dolj County, Romania. It is about 25 kilometers from Craiova, which is the county seat of Dolj County. 8,564 people were living in Segarcea as of 2002.

Tender is the Night

Tender is the Night is the fourth novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was first sold in 1934.

Dick Diver is a doctor who gets married to his patient Nicole. They spend some time in France and Switzerland but their marriage falls apart and they get a divorce.

Under the Volcano

Under the Volcano is a novel by Malcolm Lowry first sold in 1947.

The events of the novel happen over one day in 1938 where a Mexican festival is taking place. Geoffrey Firmin is a smart British man living in Mexico. He wants to write a book but he drinks too much alcohol. Geoffrey's wife, Yvonne, is fed up of his drinking. She once had an affair with Geoffrey's brother Hugh.



Yuichi Mizutani

Yuichi Mizutani (born 26 May 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kyoto Sanga.

227||0||9||0||12||0||248||0
227||0||9||0||12||0||248||0

Yoshito Terakawa

Yoshito Terakawa (born 6 September 1974) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

402||36||19||3||37||1||458||40
402||36||19||3||37||1||458||40

Yohei Sato

258||0||26||0||36||0||10||0||330||0
258||0||26||0||36||0||10||0||330||0

Yosuke Nozawa

Yosuke Nozawa (born 9 November 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

239||0||7||0||17||0||263||0
239||0||7||0||17||0||263||0

Yosuke Fujigaya

205||0||23||0||19||0||17||0||264||0
205||0||23||0||19||0||17||0||264||0

Naoki Matsuyo

Naoki Matsuyo (born 9 April 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

131||0||14||0||25||0||9||0||179||0
131||0||14||0||25||0||9||0||179||0

This Side of Paradise

This Side of Paradise is the first novel of F. Scott Fitzgerald, and was first sold in 1920.

Amory Blaine leaves his mother and friend behind to go to a good American university. At university he falls in love with a girl called Isabelle, but she is not interested in Amory. Amory then goes to fight in the First World War. When he returns from the war, he falls in love with Rosalind. Because Amory is poor, Rosalind is not interested in him and decides to marry someone else. Amory then learns that his friend from home has died.



Manute Bol

Manute Bol (born 16 October 1962 - died 19 June 2010) was a Sudanese-born professional basketball player who played for the Washington Bullets, Golden State Warriors, Philadelphia 76ers, and Miami Heat in the NBA. His NBA career lasted from 1985 to 1994. Bol was 7 feet, 7 inches tall, and was one of only two people that tall to play in the NBA. The other is former NBA center Bol Bol

Bol is the only player in NBA history to block more shots than have points scored in his career.

Bol was nicknamed Raan Cheg, 'Nute, Iron Bol, Minutiae, The Project and The Dinka Dunker.

Recently, Bol had been active raising money for and telling people about human rights issues dealing with the Darfur conflict in Sudan, where he was born.

Bol died on June 19, 2010 due to acute kidney failure and complications from Stevens–Johnson syndrome.

Head scarf

Headscarves are scarves covering most or all of the top of a woman's hair and her head. Headscarves may be worn for a variety of purposes, such as for warmth, for sanitation, for fashion or social distinction; with religious significance, to hide rampant baldness, out of modesty, or other forms of social convention.

Headscarves may have specific religious significance. Observant married Orthodox Jewish women, for example, are required to cover their hair, often employing scarves (or sometimes wigs) for the purpose. Headscarves were also worn by married Christian women in Medieval Europe, and even among some of the unmarried. This headcovering habit is better known as a wimple in English.

Islamic law says that women should dress in a special way. This dress code applies to women and adolescent girls, but not to children.

Headscarves and veils used for Muslim religious dress include:
Note that the Arabic word "hijab" refers to modest behaviour in general, and pertains to men and women, but it is sometimes used in other languages to describe the Muslim headscarf, also known as a "khimar".

Some English speakers use the word "babushka" (grandma in Russian) to indicate the headscarf tied below the chin, as commonly worn in Eastern Europe. In most parts of Eastern Europe, headscarves are used mainly by elderly women (grandmothers) and this led the incorrect use of the "babushka" term. In Russia they are worn by women when they go to church to show their convictions to Russian Orthodoxy.

A plain red or scarlet headscarf was worn by female commissars and other women aligning themselves with Bolshevism in times of Russian Revolution and civil war.

A head tie is a west and southern African women's head scarf, specifically an elaborate ornamental head covering.

The Keffiyeh is commonly used by Muslim men.

Ancien Egyptiant men wore a Nemes headcloth.


Fishing trawler

A fishing trawler is a commercial fishing vessel which controls fishing trawls. Trawling is a way of fishing that involves pulling a trawl through the water behind one or more trawlers.

Venetia Burney

Venetia Burney (1918–2009) is known for suggesting name the Pluto for newly discovered celestial body in 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh. At that time, Venetia Burney was an 11 year old schoolgirl living in Oxford, England. 

United Kingdom Climate Change Programme

The United Kingdom Climate Change Programme (UKCCP) is an organisation made in 2000. It changes the way Britain looks at global warming and climate change. It encourages the use of wind and solar power.

Clyde Tombaugh

Clyde William Tombaugh (February 4, 1906January 17, 1997) was an American astronomer. He discovered Pluto in 1930.

Tombaugh was born in a ranch near Streator, Illinois. After his family moved to Burdett, Kansas, Tombaugh planned to attend college. A hailstorm ruined his family's farm crops, so he did not have money to pay for college.

After he discovered Pluto, he went to college at the University of Kansas and graduated with two degrees in astronomy.



Venera

Venera is the Russian name for the planet Venus. It is also the name of the USSR program for sending spacecraft to the planet Venus. A Venera 3 spacecraft was the first manmade object to land on another planet in our solar system. Venera 3 crash landed on Venus on 1 March 1966. Venera 7 also landed on Venus. It landed in 1970. It was the first spacecraft to send information back to Earth after landing on another planet.

Luna 2

Luna 2 was the second spacecraft in Soviet Union's Luna programme to probe the Moon. Luna 2 was launched on 12 September 1959 and it crash landed on the Moon the next day. During its journey to Moon, Luna 2 confirmed the existence of solar wind. Luna 2 was the first human made object to land on a celestial body in space.

Cadet Forces Medal

The Cadet Forces Medal is given for long and good service by commissioned officers and non commissioned adult instructors of the UK Cadet Forces: The Army Cadet Force, the Air Training Corps, the Sea Cadet Corps and Combined Cadet Force, and commissioned officers of the New Zealand Cadet Forces. It is awarded for 12 years service. Clasps are given for every 8 years further service in New Zealand & for 6 more years in the UK.

People who receive the Cadet Forces Service Medal do not earn the right to use post-nominal letters.



Jean Chrétien

Joseph Jacques Jean Chrétien (born January 11, 1934) is a Canadian politician. He was the 20th Prime Minister of Canada from 1993 to 2003 and the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada from 1990 to 2003. During his career, he was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada for over 35 years.

Chrétien was born in Shawinigan, Quebec. He studied law at Université Laval. He became a politician in 1963, when he was first elected to the House of Commons. While Pierre Trudeau was Prime Minister, Chrétien was a member of his cabinet. He was the Minister of Justice, Minister of Finance, and the Minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development. He was also the Deputy Prime Minister when John Turner was Prime Minister.

Chrétien was elected leader of the Liberal Party in 1990. The Liberals won 177 seats in the House of Commons in the 1993 election, meaning they were the largest party and could form a government. He was re-elected two times in 1997 and 2000 and led a majority government the entire time he was Prime Minister.

Chrétien retired in 2003. He was replaced as the Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Party by Paul Martin.

For the 1963 federal election, Chrétien was chosen to be the Liberal Party's candidate for the riding of Saint-Maurice—Laflèche in Shawinigan. He was elected in this riding and became a Member of Parliament for the first time. After this, he became the parliamentary secretary for the Prime Minister at the time, Lester B. Pearson.

Beginning in 1966, he was the parliamentary secretary for Mitchell Sharp, who was the Minister of Finance at the time. He spent a longer amount of time working with Sharp than he did with Pearson.

Chrétien was chosen by Pearson to be the Minister of National Revenue in January 1968.

The Liberal Party lost the 1979 federal election. The Progressive Conservatives formed a very short government led by Joe Clark. After Trudeau and the Liberals won the election the year after, Trudeau chose Chrétien to become the Minister of Justice.

Chrétien was a very important person in the 1980 Quebec referendum, when there was a referendum on whether Quebec should leave Canada. He fought very hard for the federal government and was against Quebec leaving Canada.

Turner stopped being the leader of the Liberal Party in 1990. There was an election to decide who would be the person to replace him at the June 1990 party conference.

When Chrétien won the Liberal Party leadership election, the Liberals had the second-most seats in the House of Commons. Because of this, he also became the Leader of the Opposition. At first, he had many problems as the leader. For example, some Quebec Liberal MPs chose to leave the party after he became the leader.

When Brian Mulroney retired in 1993, he was replaced as the Prime Minister and as the leader of the Progressive Conservative Party by Kim Campbell. She was a part of Mulroney's cabinet at the time. Because elections in Canada have to happen at least once every five years, there was going to be an election in October of that year.

One of Chrétien's promises was that a Liberal government would remove the Goods and Service Tax. It was created by Mulroney's government and was not very popular among the Canadian public. Chrétien also promised that they would negotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) a second time, and to bring down Canada's deficit.

Chrétien and the Liberal Party won the election. The Liberals won 177 seats and became the largest party in the House of Commons. The Progressive Conservatives lost almost all their seats in that election, winning only two seats.

Chrétien was part of the Liberal Party's left-wing in the beginning of his career. While he was Prime Minister, however, he was very neoliberal and fiscally conservative.

His parents were Wellie Chrétien and Marie Boisvert.

Chrétien married Aline Chaîné in 1957. They both knew each other when they were young in Shawinigan. Chaîné became one of the people Chrétien trusted the most when making important decisions. They stayed married until she died in 2020. They had 2 sons and 1 daughter.

Rakesh Sharma

Rakesh Sharma (born 13 January 1949) is a retired Squadron Leader in the Indian Air Force. He was the first Indian and 138th person to travel in space. 

Sharma retired from the Air force as Wing Commander. He spent eight days in Salyut 7 Space station in April 1984. He was given the Hero of Soviet Union by the Soviet Government and the Ashok Chakra by the Indian Government.
Sharma joined as a test pilot in the Indian Air Force in 196

0. He flew various aircrafts, for example Mikoyan-Gurevich (MIG) aircraft in 1971. He was selected on 20September in 1982 to become a cosmonaut and go into space as part of a joint program between the Indian Space Research Organisation and the Soviet Intercosmos space program.

In 1984, he became the first Indian to fly to space, when he flew aboard the Soyuz T-11. It took off from Baikonur Cosmodrome in 2 April 1984. The Soyuz T-11 reached the Salyut 7 space station, with the ship's commander, Yury Malyshev, and flight engineer, Gennadi Strekalov. Sharma spent 7days, 21hours and 40minutes in the Salyut 7. The crew held a television news conference with officials in Moscow and then Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. When Gandhi asked Sharma how India looked from outer space, he replied, ""Sare Jahan Se Accha"" (the best in the world). This is the title of a patriotic poem by Muhammad Iqbal against the British Raj. India became the 14thnation to send a man to outer space.


Jonathan Toews

Jonathan Bryan Toews ( ; born April 29, 1988 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is an Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He serves as their captain.

Before playing in the NHL, Toews played college hockey for 2 years at the University of North Dakota. During his time there, he contributed 85 points (40 goals, 45 assists), a plus-38 rating and a 56.7% faceoff winning percentage in 76 games. He was also able to help UND reach the NCAA Frozen Four in both 2006 and 2007 and served as their alternate captain during his sophomore season He helped UND win the Broadmoor Cup as WCHA champions and he was also named the West Regional MVP after he tallied five points. Before he went into the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, the NHL Central Scouting Bureau ranked Toews third among North American prospects He was drafted with the 3rd overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.

When Toews brought the Stanley Cup to his hometown of Winnipeg after the Blackhawks won it, the province of Manitoba named a lake in his honour. It is named Toews Lake and is 150 km north of Flin Flon. During that same day, Toews was given the Keys to the City and the Dakota Community Centre in St. Vital where he first played organized hockey was renamed the Jonathan Toews Community Centre in his honour.


Sport coat

A sport coat (or sports coat) is an article of clothing worn by men as part of business or Informal attire. British usage is to call it a sports jacket. It is similar to a jacket or suit coat, has long sleeves, and is often made of cotton or wool. Sport coats come in many colors and patterns, but the most common are black, navy blue, brown, grey, and tweed, a special type of grey pattern. 

If a sport coat is cut from a different cloth, it may be called a blazer. If a sports jacket is made for a cold climate, it will use heavy cloth. Harris Tweed is a famous Scottish cloth originally made in the island of Harris.

The term sport coat may come from their being originally worn for hunting.

Sport coats can be worn with jeans.


Blazer

Blazer may refer to:


Monorail

A monorail is like a train. Trains have two sets of wheels that balance on a railway track, but monorails balance on one rail. Monorails are often transport people around cities. Some monorails and trains use magnets to hover on their rails. They are called maglev trains. This reduces friction between the train and the rail. The first monorail was invented in the 19th century. The monorail has a different wheel system than other trains. Instead of being on the rail, it goes beside the rails. Monorails are usually complicated and expensive, so most places do not have them.

A Website About Monorails

Zellers

Zellers is a company owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. Until 2013 Zellers was Canada's second-largest chain of mass merchandise department stores. The headquarters were in Brampton, Ontario. They had a mascot named "Zeddy", which is a teddy bear.

In 2011, the leaseholds of 189 Zellers stores were taken over by Target Corporation. Target got the leaseholds because they are expanding their stores into Canada in 2013 and 2014. HBC said most Zellers stores would close and retire the Zellers banner from Canadian retail by March 31, 2013.

There were two Zellers stores left in Canada, in Toronto, and Ottawa Ontario, and they closed on January 26, 2020. 

In 2023, Hudson's Bay Company said that Zellers was going to open again in certain areas of Canada. These Zellers stores will be inside The Bay. 

Lora, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Lora is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Lora Union Council takes it name from the main village of area. The Local language is Hindko but Urdu is also universally understood. Lora is connected with Abbottabad by the Ghora Gali- Shah Maqsood road, the travelling time from Abbottabad is about 3 hours by Bus and two hours by car. Murree is about 22 km from Lora and can be reached in 40 mins.

Lora is located at 33°52'60N 73°16'60E with a height of 1138 metres (3736 feet). It is in the southern part of Abbottabad District in Havelian Tehsil it is next to other Union Councils these are: Nara to the north, Nagri Totial to the north and east, Goreeni to the south, and Phallah to the west.

UC Lora is crossed by the Nadi Haro River (on which the Khanpur Dam is built). Locals grow seasonal crops such as maize (makai) and wheat (gandum).

The Union Council of Lora is subdivided into the following areas: Ghari, Ghora, Dheri Kiala, Lora, Narhota, Noorpur, Seri and Thath Karam Shah.

Lora has always been an important place and also a business hub of Circle Lora which consists of six union councils (Lora, Goreeni, Phallah, Nagri Tutial, Seer Sharqi and Seer Gharbi). It lies at the peripheral boundary of Abbottabad and many of the people work in Islamabad and Rawalpindi due to easy access by road through the Ghora Gali- Rawalpindi road. Some inhabitants also live and work as far away as Lahore and Karachi, and a number are also expatriates abroad, working in the Middle East and Europe. The area is quite prosperous and the people well-off, thanks to the comparatively better economic conditions and foreign currency remittances.

Toru Irie

Toru Irie (born 8 July 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

78||0||6||0||18||0||102||0
78||0||6||0||18||0||102||0

Mitsuteru Watanabe

Mitsuteru Watanabe (born 10 April 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

177||19||12||1||37||3||226||23
177||19||12||1||37||3||226||23

Kenji Koyama

Kenji Koyama (born 5 September 1972) is a Japanese football player.

179||0||19||0||9||0||207||0
179||0||19||0||9||0||207||0

Yasunori Takada

Yasunori Takada (born 22 February 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Thespa Kusatsu.

407||75||24||9||4||0||435||84
407||75||24||9||4||0||435||84

Tetsuro Uki

Tetsuro Uki (born 4 October 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

379||8||26||3||9||0||414||11
379||8||26||3||9||0||414||11

Keisuke Kurihara

Keisuke Kurihara (born 20 May 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

321||64||20||10||42||7||383||81
321||64||20||10||42||7||383||81

Kjell Bratli

Kjell Arne Bratli (born August 25, 1948) is the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Norwegian Armed Forces. Navy Captain and author. He is a graduate from the Royal Norwegian Naval Academy. Served at sea, land and in special service. He travelled as a military reporter behind Soviet lines in Afghanistan in the early 1980s and followed mujahideen groups in battle. Captain Bratli has been an active member of the Norwegian Reserve Officer Federation as well as in the CIOR (the NATO reservist organization). He played a vital role in building Rapid Response Information Teams in the NATO Alliance and NATO APIC (Allied Press and Information Centres), as well as modernizing the Norwegian Navy P&I units.
Former editor in the daily press and military periodicals. Former Member of the Board of the Atlantic Committee. 
Bratli was appointed and served as special adviser to the Presidium of the Norwegian Parliament before being elected to the high office of Military Commissioner. 
He has written more than twenty books. Many about Christianity, Military and Naval History, National Security and Golf. Bratli is a member of the prestigious Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews.



In Search of Lost Time

In Search of Lost Time (), first translated into English as Remembrance of Things Past, is a novel by the French writer Marcel Proust. It was published in seven parts between 1913 and 1927.

Marcel reflects upon a number of events that have taken place in his life. He remembers the Dreyfus Affair, the First World War, and his relationship with a girl called Albertine.


David Mellor

David John Mellor (born March 12, 1949 in Wareham, Dorset, England) is a British politician who was an MP from 1979 to 1997, as a member of the Conservative Party.

Mellor became a barrister in 1972, and a Queen's Counsel in 1987 but is currently not practising. He became a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the London constituency of Putney, at the 1979 General Election. In 1990, John Major made him Chief Secretary to the Treasury but after a sex scandal in 1992, Mellor was forced to resign and lost his seat to the Labour Party in the 1997 General Election.

Thomas Raber

Thomas Raber (born 20 November 1972 in Steyr) is composer and producer and lives in Austria.
In the 1990s Raber played piano, keyboards, guitar, bass, vocals in many bands. He wrote many songs for this bands.
As teacher he wrote the musical "Das kleine bunte Tierchen" for Kids (Story from Mira Lobe).
With his pop-mass "Wienerfelder Messe" (Vienna-Pop-Mass) he toured through the churches of Austria. Since then Thomas Raber was known.
Now Raber is working as composer and producer in Vienna. 2008 he made the Pop-Hymn of Linz (European capital of culture 2009) for the singer Yvonne Finsterle.
He also composes melodies for TV-Magazines (TW1-ORF-Austria, Austria9-TV)
He is the owner of a publishing company, label, recording studio and the "Hit-Factory". 
He is also the producer of Gerald Jatzek, Georg Bydlinski and Manfred Porsch.


Austrian Charts
German Charts
Italian Charts
Ultra Top
Activities in Church
Catalogue raisonne Mira Lobe
SR-Archiv


Wait Until Dark

Wait Until Dark is a suspense-thriller movie from 1967. Audrey Hepburn plays a blind woman who is terrorized by three criminals looking for a doll stuffed with heroin. The movie also stars Alan Arkin and Richard Crenna.

Indian Air Force

The Indian Air Force is the air arm of the Indian Military. The Royal Indian Air Force was founded on 1 April 1932 as part of the armed forces of the British Empire. In 1950, after independence, India dropped the word 'Royal' from the name. 

Since 1950, the IAF has been involved in 5 wars but also participates regularly in United Nations peace keeping missions. 

The Indian Air Force has around 170,000 personnel and around 1700 aircraft making it the 4th largest air force in the world in terms of aircraft. The motto of the Indian Air Force is "nabhah sprsham diptam" ('touch the sky with glory').The motto has been taken from the Sacred Bhagavad Gita,Chapter 11,Verse 24.

Patiala

Patiala is a city in the Punjab state of India. It is the administrative headquarters of Patiala District. In the 2011 census, the population of Patiala city was 406,192. Patiala city is situated 250 meters above sea level. Geographic co-ordinates of Patiala city are latitude 30.33, longitude 76.4.

Patiala a Royal city, the land of Maharajas is famous for its peg, pagri, dresses, jutti, Patiala sahi salwar, Reshmi naale, Food like “Makki de roti” and “Saraason da saag”, folk songs, dances like Gidha and Bhangra, its traditions and culture.

Patiala gets name after Baba Ala Singh, the Sidhu Jat founder of Patiala state. It was earlier known as Ala De Patti which changed to Patiala over a period of time.

In 1714 A.D Baba Ala Singh assumed its leadership. Patiala formerly known as “Ala De Patti” because Baba Ala Singh was the founder of this place. In 1763 Baba Ala Singh laid the foundation of “Quila Mubarak”. The city is built around the Qila Mubarak. The area of district Patiala is known as “Malwa”.

In the third Battle of Panipat, Marathas were defeated by the Afghans in 1761. Hereafter, the rulers of Patiala began to acquire advantage of royalty. He was succeeded by his grandson Amar Singh and he received the title of Raja-I-Rajaan. atiala rulers joined hands with the British against Ranjit Singh in 1808. Thereafter, Patiala came under subsidiary alliance system.

Next important ruler was Mahendra Singh who was a minor at the time of succession. He worked for social causes by funding colleges, constructing new canals and by providing relief funds to famine-draught stricken areas. He was appointed as a ‘Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India’ in 1870. The famous Mohindra Government College was established during his reign and was named after him too. He was succeeded by his son, Rajinder Singh.

Rajinder Singh was awarded with the Grand Cross of the Star of India by the British. He established establishments like a women’s hospital, an orphanage and a training institute for soldiers. He was succeeded by Bhupendra Singh.

After the death of his father Rajinder Singh, Bhupinder was crowned the Maharaja at the tender age of nine. Maharaja Bhupindra Singh had given Patiala a prominent place in politics and in the field of sports. Big architectural designs were constructed during his time. 

Bhupinder Singh was educated at Aitchison Chief's College in Lahore and was a talented polo and cricket player. In 1911, the Maharaja of Patiala captained the India XI that toured England. He played for various teams in India and as a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club for the season 1926/7. He contributed generously to the Indian Gymkhana Club in London which catered for Indian students and which with his donation was able to move to Osterley Park. He also founded the Sikh Dharamsala in Putney in 1911. The famous ‘Patiala Necklace’, one of the most expensive pieces of jewellery ever made, was created for him by the house of Cartier in 1928. He was also a dear friend of Hitler's, who gifted him a rare Maybach car.

Bhupinder Singh's son Yadvindra Singh was among those Indian princes who, readily came forward to sign the Instrument of Accession, thus facilitating the process of national integration. His was Mehtab Kaur of Patiala. In recognition of his services, he was appointed the Rajpramukh of the newly established state of PEPSU.

Don Walsh

Don Walsh (November 2, 1931 – November 12, 2023) was an American oceanographer and explorer. On January 23, 1960, along with Jacques Piccard, he reached the deepest point in all of the world's oceans, the bottom of the Mariana Trench. They spent 20 minutes at the bottom, but were unable to see anything because of the mud stirred up by the bathyscape. They were the only two people to do this until March 26, 2012, when James Cameron reached the bottom. It has been reported that Don Walsh was on the team that oversaw James' journey. The recorded depth was .

Laika

Laika (; c. 1954 – November 3, 1957) was a Soviet Union space dog. She was one of the first animals in space, and the first animal to orbit the Earth. She was a mix of either a Siberian Husky or other Nordic breed, and a terrier. NASA refers to Laika as a "part-Samoyed terrier." A dog was sent into space to get information about the behavior of living organisms in a space environment. Information from the flight led to the discovery of solar (from the sun) and cosmic radiation.

Laika had been a stray dog living in the streets of Moscow. She underwent training with two other dogs. She was then chosen as the dog to go up in the Soviet spacecraft Sputnik 2. It was launched into outer space on November 3, 1957.

Not much was known about how spaceflight would affect living animals at the time of Laika's mission. There was also no way, at that time, to bring the satellite back down to Earth. So all the scientists knew there would be no way for Laika to survive her trip. It was necessary to send a dog first as a test, because it was not thought that humans could live in outer space.

Before her trip in Sputnik, one of the scientists took Laika home to play with his children. Dr. Vladimir Yazdovsky wrote: "Laika was quiet and charming...I wanted to do something nice for her: She had so little time left to live."

One of the technicians getting the capsule ready before final lift-off said that "after placing Laika in the container and before closing the hatch, we kissed her nose and wished her "bon voyage", knowing that she would not survive the flight."

Laika died within hours from overheating. Her body temperature got way too hot for her to survive. The heat in her spacecraft had quickly risen to 40 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit). The true cause and time of her death were hidden from people until 2002. Instead, it was reported that she died when her oxygen ran out on day six. Another untruth, as the Soviet government first said, was that she was euthanised (put to sleep) before her oxygen ran out.

In the Soviet Union, during the following years, no one openly questioned the decision to send a dog into space. It was not until 1998, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, that Oleg Gazenko, one of the top-level scientists responsible for sending Laika into space, said he was sorry for allowing her to die:
Over five months later, after 2,570 orbits, Sputnik 2 burned up—along with Laika's remains—during re-entry on April 14, 1958.

On April 11, 2008, Russian officials opened a monument to Laika. It was built near the military research facility in Moscow which prepared Laika's space flight. It is of a dog standing on top of a rocket.

She also appears on the Monument to the Conquerors of Space in Moscow.

Laika & the Cosmonauts, a Finnish surf rock band, were named for Laika. They formed in 1987.

Notes

Citations


Jim Lovell

Jim Lovell (born March 25, 1928) is a former NASA astronaut and test pilot. He was pilot of the Apollo 8 and commander of the Apollo 13 mission. Crew of Apollo 13 mission failed to land on Moon because of loss of electric power and failure of both oxygen tanks due to technical problems. Because of efforts of crew and ground control room, all three astronauts aboard Apollo 13 returned to Earth safely.

EDUCATION: University of Wisconsin; United States Naval Academy, bachelor
of science, 1952; Test Pilot School, NATC, Patuxent River, Maryland, 1958;
Aviation Safety School, University of Southern California, 1961; Advanced
Management Program, Harvard Business School, 1971; honorary doctorates from
Rockhurst college, Illinois Wesleyan University, Western Michigan University,
Mary Hardin-Baylor College and Milwaukee School of Engineering.
Mahavira

Mahavira (599 BC-527 BC), also known as 'Vardhaman', was 24th Jain Tirthankara (Teaching God). He was born in 599 BC in Bihar state of India. He revived the Jain Dharma with five moral teachings under broad headings of Non-violence(Ahimsa), Truthfulness (Satya), Non-stealing (Asteya), Control of senses including mind (Brahmacharya), and Non-possessiveness (Aparigraha). 
Mahavira preached that "ahimsa" (non-injury) is the supreme virtue. He is not the founder of Jain religion. He was preceded by last 23 Thirthankaras.Gradually,janism spread to Orissa, Rajasthan, Gujarat, tamil nadu and karnataka.

Civil law

Civil law, as a system of law, is different from common law, which is another system of law. The origin of the civil law system of law is ancient Rome. The civil law system is used in countries such as Germany, France, many countries which were colonies of those European countries before, and in many Asian countries. It also been adopted in Latin America as well as in many parts of Asia and many African countries. There are about 150 countries worldwide that use mainly civil law systems. About 80 countries use the common law system.

Civil law's very name indicates where it started. Called is was the civil law during the Roman Republic and the later Roman Empire. It started in the 2nd century BC. By the end of the Republic, about 27 BC, a number of experts in the law called "jurists" (not to be confused with judges) became prominent. They were mostly members of the upper classes. Jurists provided their services to counsel people and advise judges who presided over trials. An important feature of Roman law was it did not depend on legal precedent by earlier cases but on the facts and merits of the current case.

In the 6th century, Justinian compiled the "Corpus Juris Civilis", a simplified code of Roman laws. It was used by the Byzantine Empire. The medieval Church based much of its Canon law on Roman law.
Germanic law, known as "leges barbarorum", written between the 5th and 9th centuries borrows from the Roman civil law.

Civil law developed in Europe during the middle age, about the same time common law developed in England. During the Renaissance, England's common law system borrowed from civil law. While the common law was the traditional law system in England by this time, Equity is based on civil law. Other features were borrowed and used in maritime law and in wills, trusts and estates. The Napoleonic Code, which borrowed much from Roman law, influenced many of the legal systems in Europe and was the foundation for Prussian civil law.

Civil law is based on rules and concepts that come from Roman law. The rules and principles of civil law are found in codes which are available to both citizens and legal professionals. These legal codes clearly explain everyone's rights and duties. Unlike common law, in civil law judges have a different role. In criminal cases they establish the facts of a case and use the applicable codes. In many countries, judges also bring the formal charges. Unlike common law, legal precedent is not used to rule in later cases. In this system the legislature passes statutes that are then applied by the courts. Judges look to the statutes instead of precedent in deciding a case.

The term "civil law" comes from English legal scholarship and is used in English-speaking countries to lump together all legal systems of the "jus commune" tradition. However, legal comparativists and economists promoting the legal origins theory prefer to subdivide civil law jurisdictions into four distinct groups:




Hurricane Klaus

Hurricane Klaus was a weak hurricane of the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season. Klaus moved very close to islands like Antigua and Martinique, while it was a hurricane. The remains of Klaus moved over the Southeastern United States and killed 4 people with Tropical Storm Marco, which was close by. Klaus killed 11 people and cause a little bit more than $1 million in damage.

In the Spring of 1991, France requested that the name Klaus be retired, because of what it did in Martinique. So the National Hurricane Center retired the name Klaus. The name Kyle was used in 1996, 2002, and 2008 instead.

I'm from Barcelona

I'm from Barcelona is an indie rock group from Sweden. The band currently has 28 members. It was started in 2005 by the group's lead vocal and founder, Emanuel Lundgren. Their first full-length EP was made in 2006 and was called "Let Me Introduce My Friends". It received many good reviews. In 2008, they came out with a second album called "Who Killed Harry Houdini?".

The group has toured many countries, including England, the United States, France, The Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland, and many more.

The group uses multiple instruments such as drums, guitars, tubas, banjos, and others.

In 2005, Emanuel Lundgren wrote several songs and gathered his friends to record them. Weeks later, a homemade EP was completed. A one-time live show with all 29 band members in it was performed in August 2005.

EMI Sweden signed the band and Dolores Recordings released the EP "Don't Give Up On Your Dreams, Buddy!" on February 15, 2006. This featured the band's first hit "We’re From Barcelona". This was named after Manuel, a character on BBC Television's "Fawlty Towers" ("He’s from Barcelona"). Their first full-length album, called "Let Me Introduce My Friends", was released on April 26, 2006 in Sweden. International releases followed, including an EMI UK release on 11 September 2006. In 2006 Lundgren did a Take-Away Show video session shot by Vincent Moon.

In July 2008, it was announced that the band would release a full-length album in Autumn 2008. This would be called "Who Killed Harry Houdini?". The album features French singer Soko on the track "Gunhild". The album was released on October 14, 2008. To promote it, they toured the UK. They finished at the Scala, London on 25 November 2008.

They appeared on the children's program "Yo Gabba Gabba" in 2008.

Their song "The Painter" was shown on the CBS television show "How I Met Your Mother", "Everything Must Go". This aired on May 12, 2008.



Sherwood Anderson

Sherwood Anderson (September 13, 1876 – March 8, 1941) was an American writer. He is most famous for his book "Winesburg, Ohio". Anderson is said to have had a big influence on some of the most famous American writers such as Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner and John Steinbeck.

Anderson was born in Camden, Ohio. He was the third of seven children. Anderson’s father, Erwin Anderson, had a business which failed. After this, the Anderson family had to move house often, finally settling in Clyde, Ohio. Erwin Anderson began drinking heavily and died in 1895. Sherwood Anderson took a number of jobs to help support his family and he left school at the age of 14.

Anderson moved to Chicago. He worked there until just before 1900, when he signed up for the United States Army. In 1900, Anderson went to Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio. He eventually went back to Chicago to take up a writing job.

In 1904, he married Cornelia Lane. Lane came from a rich family in Ohio. They lived in Cleveland, Ohio and then in Elyria, Ohio. Anderson had three children and ran a number of businesses.

In November 1912, Anderson had a mental breakdown. He left his wife and three children and decided to become a creative writer. He moved back to Chicago, but took a job in advertising and publishing. Anderson divorced Cornelia in 1916 and got married to Tennessee Mitchell.

In 1916, Anderson’s first book, "Windy McPherson’s Son", was released. In 1919, Anderson’s most famous book, "Winesburg, Ohio", was released. "Winesburg, Ohio" was a collection of short stories about life in a town in Ohio.

In 1922, Anderson divorced Tennessee Mitchell. He got married again in 1924, to Elizabeth Prall. This marriage did not last either. Anderson married again in the late 1920s – this time to Eleanor Copenhaver. 

Anderson died in Panama on the 8th March, 1941, at the age of 64. He was buried in Marion, Virginia. The writing on his gravestone reads "Life, Not Death, is the Great Adventure."



Selectivity (electronic)

The principle of Selectivity (Discrimination) is based upon an analysis of several circuit breaker characteristics. These include time-current (tripping) curves, peak-let-through-current (Ipeak) and energy let-through (I²T).

The maximum selectivity level with two nominated breakers in series under short-circuit conditions is often stated by vendors in Technical Reference manuals.

Selectivity can be enhanced beyond the breaking capacity of the downstream breaker provided it is backed up by an appropriately selected upstream breaker, which should not trip (unlatch) under the stated short circuit current. 

Selectivity works as the upstream breaker heats up under fault conditions providing impedance in the fault circuit reducing the overall fault severity. 


Push It to the Limit

"Push It to the Limit" is a song from the movie "Scarface". Rapper Rick Ross also made a song called "Push It to the Limit".

We Are All Made of Stars

We Are All Made of Stars is a song by Moby. The video shows him with different celebrities in an astronaut suit.

Castles in the Sky

Castles in the Sky is an electronica song by Ian Van Dahl from Belgium. It was later recorded again with a new singer for the album, "Ace". There is also a video to this song.

There are two videos for this song.

3 A.M.

"3 A.M." is a song by rapper Eminem off his album Relapse. It was produced by Dr. Dre. It is about being a serial killer. The video is very disturbing with Eminem in the woods with no shirt on and there is also drugs and a bath of blood in the video. Eminem's serial killer fetish first came to light when 50 Cent revealed that a track featuring Em called "Norman Bates Motel," a reference to Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho, would appear on Fiddy's Before I Self-Destruct. Despite the grisly lyrics, "3AM" does boast an awesome Dr. Dre beat, and Slim Shady's dexterous cadence is evidence of the extra time he was given experimenting with his prose while Dre alleviated the pressure of producing Relapse. Still, if Em's claim that "3AM" mirrors the overall tone of Relapse is true, we'll need a night light to make it through this album when it hits stores May 19th.

Dieter Rams

Dieter Rams (born 20 May 1932 in Wiesbaden) is a German industrial designer closely associated with the Braun company.

Rams learned carpentry as an apprentice. He also studied architecture at the "".

After working at an architecture firm from 1953 and 1955 he joined Braun. He was successful at Braun and became chief of design from 1961.

Rams once explained his design approach in the phrase "" meaning "Less, but better." Many of his designs such as coffee makers, radios, audio/visual equipment, and office products are on display in museums over the world. Dieter Rams retired from Braun in 1998.

Rams designed a cover for "Wallpaper" magazine.

Rams came up with a set of rules for making a good design:

Seamus Heaney

Seamus Heaney (1939–2013) won a Nobel Prize in 1995 for poetry. He lived in Dublin for much of his life.

Heaney was born on 13 April 1939 at the family farmhouse called Mossbawn, in Northern Ireland. His parents were Patrick and Sarah Heaney, and Seamus was the first of nine children. 
Patrick was a farmer, but his main business was selling cattle. 

Sarah Heaney was called Sarah McCann before she married Patrick Heaney, and her relations worked to make cloth in the linen industry. 
Heaney said it was important part of his background that his parents came from different parts of Irish life: the cattle-herding Gaelic past and the Ulster of the Industrial Revolution.

Heaney died in the Blackrock Clinic in Dublin, aged 74, following a stroke.

Tomoyuki Yoshino

Tomoyuki Yoshino (born 9 July 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

248||19||16||1||5||0||269||20
248||19||16||1||5||0||269||20

Takuya Jinno

Jinno was born in Soka on June 1, 1970. After graduating from Shutoku High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nissan Motors. When Japan's first-ever professional league J1 League started in 1992, Nissan Motors was transformed to Yokohama Marinos for whom he continued to play. Yokohama won the J1 League champions in 1995. He moved to Japan Football League side Vissel Kobe in 1996 and helped them to gain the promotion to J1 League. In 1999, he was transferred to J2 League side Oita Trinita where he scored the most goals in the league for the season. He played the 2000 season for FC Tokyo. He briefly played for Oita again in the early stage of the 2001 season before he moved to Yokohama FC where he retired from the game in 2003.

Jinno was a member of the Japan national team that won the 1992 Asian Cup, but he did not play in the match.

Jinno remained at Yokohama FC after the retirement and has been working in the area of development for the club until 2009. After 2011, he worked for Gainare Tottori (2011), Avispa Fukuoka (2012–14) and AC Nagano Parceiro (2015–16). In June 2017, he signed with Nadeshiko League club NHK Spring Yokohama FC Seagulls and managed the club until the 2020 season.

338||64||21||15||34||4||393||83
338||64||21||15||34||4||393||83

Keiji Ishizuka

Keiji Ishizuka (born 26 August 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

116||17||17||5||18||2||151||24
116||17||17||5||18||2||151||24

Anton-Babinski syndrome

Anton-Babinski syndrome is a problem that comes from some types of brain damage. People with this problem are blind, but they think they can still see even though it is easy to show they are blind, they still insist they are able to see. This usually occurs after a stroke.

Half-staff

Half-staff or half-mast describes a flag being displayed at halfway up a flagpole or a ship's mast. This is done in many countries as a symbol of respect, mourning, or distress, or a form of honor, often with a moment of silence.

The flag does not always have to be flown at exactly the half-way point, sometimes it is acceptable to have the "half-mast" flag at slightly lower or slightly higher than the middle of the flagpole or mast. Originally, "half-staff" meant that the flag had to be flown one flag-width from the top to allow for the "invisible flag of mourning" to be at the top. 

Palm Springs, California

Palm Springs, California is a city in Riverside County, California. As of 2020, 44,575 people lived there. It is one of the largest cities in the Coachella Valley. Palm Springs and the surrounding area have many retirement communities (places where retired people live). The city and surrounding area have almost 100 golf courses.

Palm Springs has a hot desert climate ("BWh" in the Köppen climate classification).

Navier–Stokes equations

The Navier–Stokes equations are kinds of partial differential equations, mathematical equations that describe the motion of fluids. The equations are named after Claude-Louis Navier and George Gabriel Stokes. The equations happen when you apply Newton's second law to fluid dynamics with the guess that the stress, or internal forces, comes from the sum of a diffusing viscous term (based on which way the velocity is changing), plus a pressure term.

They are very useful because many important things flow. Scientists and engineers use the equations in mathematical models of weather, ocean currents, water flow in a pipe, how air flows around a wing, and how stars move inside a galaxy. The Navier–Stokes equations in their full and simplified forms help with the design of aircraft and cars, the study of blood flow, the design of power stations, the analysis of pollution, and many other things. Together with Maxwell's equations (the equations for electricity and magnetism) they can be used to model and study how things that can flow and conduct electricity can produce (and react to) magnetic fields.

The Navier–Stokes equations are also of great interest in a purely mathematical sense. Somewhat surprisingly, given how useful these equations are, mathematicians have not yet proven that in three dimensions solutions always exist, or that if they do exist, then they do not contain any bad points where they become infinite. These are called the Navier–Stokes existence and smoothness problems. The Clay Mathematics Institute has called this one of the seven most important open problems in mathematics, and offered a US$1,000,000 prize (approx. €0.9M or £0.8M as of May 2022) for a solution or a counter-example.

The Navier–Stokes equations dictate not position but rather velocity (how fast the fluid is going and where it is going). A solution of the Navier–Stokes equations is called a velocity field or flow field, which is a description of the velocity of the fluid at a given point in space and time. Once the velocity field is solved for, other quantities of interest (such as flow rate or drag force) may be found. This is different from what one normally sees in classical mechanics, where solutions are typically paths of a particle over time. Studying velocity instead of position makes more sense for a fluid, but for visualization purposes one also can compute various paths that a particle could flow along.

List of surnames in Russia

This list is there to help find pages (that no other pages link to) of "family names" (surnames) of people in the Russian Federation.

This is different from a list of surnames that came from Russia as there are people living in there with very many ethnic roots. Because of this there are surnames from many places of the ex-USSR, Europe, and Asia. This list also shows in the Simple English Wikipedia to show pages about family names that may need to be created. If you or your relatives live in Russia, add your surname to the list if it is not there.

It is also very possible on the Simple English Wikipedia that the spelled versions of the names can be the same as some equivalent common Slavic surnames of Ukrainians, Belorusians, Bulgarians, and others.



Mary Toft

Mary Toft (née Denyer) (c. 1701–1763), also called Mary Tofts, was an English woman from Godalming, Surrey. In 1726 she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits. She became famous, and was taken to London. There she was examined by royal doctors. Later she confessed, and was sent to prison.

Toft became pregnant in 1726, but later miscarried. She had developed a strong interest in a rabbit she had seen while working, and claimed to have given birth to parts of animals. Local surgeon John Howard was called to see if it was true, and upon delivering several animal parts he told other important doctors. The event came to the attention of Nathaniel St. André, surgeon to the Royal Household of King George I of Great Britain. St. André checked further into the event and decided that Toft was telling the truth. The king also sent surgeon Cyriacus Ahlers to see Toft, but Ahlers did not believe it. By now quite famous, Toft was brought to London and was studied at length. She was watched closely. She produced no more rabbits, and eventually confessed to the hoax and was sent to prison as a fraud.

The public learned of the fact that the doctors had been fooled, and this created panic in the medical profession. Several important surgeons' careers were ruined. Pamphlets were published which made fun of the doctors, and William Hogarth was very critical of the profession. Toft was eventually released without charge and returned to her home.

San Fernando de Monte Cristi

San Fernando de Monte Cristi, usually just "Monte Cristi", is a city in the Dominican Republic and the head municipality of the Monte Cristi province, in the northwest of the nation.

The name comes from the name given by Columbus on 4 January 1493 to the mountain known now as "El Morro": "Monte Cristo" or "Monte Christi" ("Mountain of Christ").

The name of the city has been written of different ways: "Monte Cristi" (Columbus), "Monte Cristo" (Ferdinand Columbus), "Monte Christi" or "Monte Christo" (Las Casas), "Monte Cristy" and "Montecristi". But the name most used is Monte Cristi.

When the city was founded again in 1751, the name was changed to the present one, "San Fernando de Monte Cristi", after Ferdinand VI, King of Spain.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 24,644: 12,892 men and 11,752 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The city was founded by Juan de Bolaños in 1533; but Rodríguez says that it was in 1545 by Francisco Mesa. Some families from the Canary Islands came to live here. Because it was too dry and hot, there was not possibility of any kind of farming, except some cattle raising, and the city was developed as a port.

The town was destroyed in 1606 by order of the Spanish government and the inhabitants were moved, together with the inhabitants of Puerto Plata inhabitants, away from the northern coast to form the new town of Monte Plata. In 1751, Monte Cristi was founded again by order of the king Ferdinand VI of Spain.

Monte Cristi is in the northwestern end of the Cibao Valley, near the Montecristi Bay. The city is just to the north of the mouth of the River Yaque del Norte.

To the north of the city is the western end of the "Cordillera Septentrional" ("Northern mountain range"); the last mountain of this range is "El Morro".

The municipality has a total area of 535.87. The region around the city is very dry and hot.

The altitude of the city of Monte Cristi is above sea level.

Monte Cristi has a tropical savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: As) with a pronounced dry season on summer, and an wet season on winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of rainfall, followed by December with .

The driest season is summer. The month with the least rainfall on average is July with an average of followed by August, .

Monte Cristi is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The most important economic activities in the municipality are fishing and salt production. Farming is important near the River Yaque del Norte, and the main crops are bananas and rice.

Tourism is also important here, with the different beaches near the city and people that come here for fishing.

Belarusians

Belarusians are an East Slavic ethnic group. Most live in Belarus, and smaller communities live in Russia, Ukraine, Latvia, Kazakhstan, Poland, Lithuania, Moldova, and others. According to population census of 2019, there were 7,990,719 belarusians in Belarus. About 600,000 Americans have Belarusian ancestry.

About 70% of Belarusians speak Russian at home, while only 26% speak Belarusian at home.

Zvezda

Zvezda may refer to :

Douglas MacArthur

General Douglas MacArthur (January 26, 1880 - April 5, 1964) was an American General who served in World War I, World War II, and the Korean War. Twice forces under his command suffered large defeats.

In 1941 he became Commander of United States Army forces in the Far East. From December 1941 to April 1942 the Japanese Army conquered the Philippines. He fled, but later returned leading a victorious army.

In 1950 he led United Nations forces in Korea. The Chinese defeated them at the Chosin Reservoir in North Korea. After making several comments towards superiors questioning their actions, he was relieved from command in April 1951 by President Harry S Truman He was born in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1880 and died in Washington, D.C., in 1964.

Twitter

X, originally branded as Twitter, is a social networking and microblogging service. Users use any device with an internet connection and a web browser to send and to read messages, called "tweets". For years, tweets could be up to 140 characters long, then doubled to 280 characters in November 2017. Tweets appear on the user's profile webpage. Tweets can usually be read by anyone, but senders can also keep messages private. Private tweets only go to their list of friends. Users may subscribe to tweets from other people. This is called "following", and subscribers are known as "followers". As of late 2009, users can also follow lists of authors.

All users can send and receive tweets using the Twitter website. They can also use other applications that work with Twitter on smartphones. Twitter by Short Message Service (SMS) is available in certain countries. Using Twitter is free, but sending or getting tweets by SMS may cost money. The website is based in San Francisco, California. Twitter also has servers and offices in San Antonio, Texas and Boston, Massachusetts, and soon in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Twitter has become very popular worldwide since Jack Dorsey created it in 2006. It now has more than 126 million users. It is sometimes described as the "SMS of the Internet".

On April 25, 2022, the Twitter board of directors agreed to Elon Musk's US$44 billion offer to buy the company. On October 27, 2022, Elon Musk took control of the company and fired CEO Parag Agarwal along with other top executives.

Twitter started at a podcasting company Odeo. The company board members had a "daylong brainstorming session". During the meeting, Jack Dorsey introduced the idea of one person using an SMS service to communicate with a small group. At first, they called this project "twttr". It fit the five-character length of American SMS short codes and sounded like "Flickr". At first, the developers planned to use "10958" as a short code. Later they changed it to "40404" because it was easier to remember and type. Dorsey sent the first Twitter message at 9:50 PM Pacific Standard Time (PST) March 21, 2006. The first tweet was, "just setting up my twttr."

The first version of Twitter was only for Odeo employees to use. They opened the full version for anyone to use on July 15, 2006. In October 2006, Biz Stone, Evan Williams, Dorsey, and other members of Odeo started a new company called Obvious Corporation. Obvious Corporation bought Odeo and all of its property–including Odeo.com and Twitter.com–from the investors and shareholders. Twitter became its own separate company in April 2007.

Twitter started becoming very popular after the 2007 South by Southwest (SXSW) festival. During the event, Twitter usage increased from 20,000 tweets per day to 60,000. The Twitter company set up two very large computer screens in the hallways at the conference. These screens only showed Twitter messages. Hundreds of people at the conference checked on what each other were doing by looking at the many tweets. Panelists and speakers talked about Twitter. Bloggers at SXSW described it to others in a very positive way.

Reaction at the festival was very good. Blogger Scott Beale said that Twitter "absolutely rul[ed]" SXSW. Social software researcher Danah Boyd said Twitter "own[ed]" the festival. Twitter staff won the festival's Web Award prize. They said, "we'd like to thank you in 140 characters or less. And we just did!"

On September 14, 2010, Twitter changed the site design and added a new logo. On June 5, 2012, the Twitter logo was modified slightly and the text in the Twitter logo was removed.

On October 4, 2010, Evan Williams announced that he would not be CEO any more. Dick Costolo became the new CEO. He had been COO of Twitter. Williams will stay with the company and work on plans for the future of Twitter.

In April 2022, Elon Musk became the company's owner after buying it for USD $44 billion.

On July 24, 2023, Musk announced that he was changing the name of Twitter to X. He replaced the blue bird logo with an X.

Technology author Steven Johnson described the basic way Twitter works. He called it "remarkably simple." Following is an important part of Twitter as a social network. Users' Twitter home pages show all of the tweets from people they follow. The tweets appear from newest to oldest. Johnson said:

Twitter is mainly used by older adults who might not have used other social sites before Twitter. Jeremiah Owyang studies social media. He said, "Adults are just catching up to what teens have been doing for years." Only 11% of Twitter's users were 12 to 17 years old in September 2009. This may be because Twitter first gained popularity in businesses and news media that attract more older people. Many famous people such as Shaq, Britney Spears, and Ashton Kutcher are Twitter users.

In June 2009, more women than men used Twitter—53% women; 47% men. Only 5% of users made 75% of all tweets. Also, New York City had the most Twitter users.

This is a brief summary of Twitter users as of 3 September 2009.

Twitter is one of the 10 most visited websites in the world.

People can use software from other companies to access Twitter. These programs are called "third-party applications". The Twitter company changed the way this works on 31 August 2010. Now applications must use OAuth to connect to Twitter. This method means that users do not have to give their passwords to the third-party applications. Changing the login system to OAuth did cause some problems. Using OAuth had been optional and programs used to be able to ask for usernames and passwords. However, now third-party applications that try to use a username and password do not work at all. The Twitter company said that using OAuth will give users "increased security and a better experience."

On April 30, 2009, Twitter changed the way it looks on the web. They added a search bar and a space on the right side of the page with "Trending Topics". That space shows the most common phrases appearing in messages. Biz Stone explained that all messages are instantly indexed and explained the results of the change. The Trending Topics has made Twitter something "unexpectedly important — a discovery engine for finding out what is happening right now."

Sometimes Twitter users experience a problem with the service and cannot access the website. They cannot read or write tweets but only see the "Fail Whale" image created by Yiying Lu,

Twitter worked well approximately 98% of the time in 2007. That is about six full days of no service. The problems were particularly noticeable during events popular with the technology industry such as the 2008 Macworld Conference & Expo keynote address.


Twitter developed several software projects to improve their own service. The company shared these as open source software. Some of these software projects are related to databases, such as the Gizzard Scala framework and a distributed graph database called FlockDB.

t.co is a service created by Twitter to make URLs shorter. It can only be used for links that people post to Twitter. It is not available for other uses. Eventually all links on Twitter will use t.co. The company hopes that the service will protect users from harmful websites. They will also use it to keep a record of people clicking on links in tweets.

Twitter had used the services from other sites such as TinyURL and bit.ly. They began trying their own way of making URLs shorter for direct messages in March 2010. They used the domain, twt.tl, before they bought the t.co domain.

The company is using these accounts to test the service on the main site: @TwitterAPI, @rsarver, and @raffi.

On September 2, 2010, Twitter sent an email message to users to explain that they were starting to open the service to them.

Twitter can also be used as an amateur and professional news source.



Microblog

A microblog is a form of a blog where people send short messages of text or media (pictures, video, or sounds). These messages can be sent to a website and shown to either a small group or to the public. A "microblogger" (someone who uses a microblog) could send their messages from different sources including cell phone text messages, email, instant messages or through a website. 

A microblog is usually different from a normal blog. It has much smaller pieces. A microblog entry can be just one sentence, or a link to an image or short video. A person writing a microblog can use many ideas from "what am I doing now," to Race cars or politics or information about their business or personal life.

Micro blogs are in use in many ways on different websites. They became popular with sites like Twitter where people send messages to each other with text comments or links to other media. Newer sites are also available now which allow you to share media like videos, pictures or sounds directly instead of sending a link. 

Many social networking sites (such as Facebook or MySpace) use a type of microblogging using "status updates" where the person tells their friends what they are thinking or doing. 

A Harvard Business School study found that while most social networking websites are more popular with women microblogging, like Twitter, has been much more popular with men. Both men and women "followed" more men, this allows them to receive the messages that get sent out by the person they followed. 

Micro blogs have also become new sources for news that just happened or is still happening, such as the terrorist attacks on Mumbai in November 2008.

A new idea for Micro blogging has been to turn it into a way to talk to other people about work. It allows a person to give quick news or information to the people they work without sending a lot of emails and without the spam they get in their email account. New companies such as Yammer have been started who want to help allow workers to talk to each other with about work and share what they need. 

Clarkson University

Clarkson University is a four-year school in Potsdam, New York. It was created in 1896 in Memory of Mr. Clarkson. It is known for its Business and Engineering majors.


Omegle

Omegle was a website that allows one to talk with one person anonymously and randomly without signing up. The nicknames that are used are "You" and "Stranger". It was started in late March 2009 by an eighteen-year-old, Leif K-Brooks, who lives in Vermont.

On November 8, 2023, Leif K-Brooks announced Omegle's shutdown, attributing it to insurmountable challenges and highlighting his efforts to maintain user safety amidst growing misuse and societal fear.

The website has started using a lot of new things in the chat. One thing is that people can chat using webcams. Another feature of Omegle (which has since been removed from the website) was that one person could ask something while watching two other strangers discussing it. Usually, the asker couldn’t talk, but they could watch them discuss the question. You can also type in common interests, these will only connect you to people who have the same interests.

The website does not ban users because of their age. A user may experience nudity or sexual content on camera. K-Brooks says, that at one time, he felt "disappointment" at the way in which the site has been used. Since 2013, Omegle has monitored the video chats. There is a moderated video section and an unmoderated video section. The unmoderated video section is for adults who are 18 and over. The moderated video section is for everyone. If someone is seen naked on the moderated video section, they will be banned and only be able to use the unmoderated section.


Kowloon Walled City

Kowloon Walled City was a tiny Chinese enclave in Hong Kong. 

It was a military fort for hundreds of years, but later became a very dense settlement. In 1980, the city had about 35,000 people on about 20,000 m² of land, making it one of the most densely populated places on earth. It was torn down in 1993, and a park called Kowloon Walled City Park was built in 1994.

The area where Kowloon Walled City was located is now called Kowloon City. It is part of the Kowloon City District of Kowloon, Hong Kong. At the end of the whole destruction process of the Kowloon Walled City, 51% of people had to go to temporary housing just outside the walled city. When they destroyed the walled city it was hard to destroy all the walled city's machinery. The walled city was known for its brothels, dentists, and opium houses.


Lunch

Lunch is a meal that is usually eaten around noon or in the early afternoon. In most countries, it is the second meal of the day, after breakfast and before dinner. A lunch can be cold (bread and fruit) or hot (a full meal, like a dinner). People that go to work or school during the day, usually have lunch together with their coworkers or classmates. Some people bring lunch to work or school in a brown paper bag or a lunchbox, but you can also buy lunch at a restaurant. In some countries, lunch is the most important meal of the day. 

Yoshihiro Nishida

Yoshihiro Nishida (born 30 January 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

166||6||8||1||24||0||198||7
166||6||8||1||24||0||198||7

Koji Maeda

Koji Maeda (born 3 February 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

191||11||19||1||33||0||243||12
191||11||19||1||33||0||243||12

Vincent Kompany

Vincent Kompany (born 10 April 1986) is a Belgian former football player and football manager of Championship club Burnley.

Anderlecht

Hamburger SV

Manchester City

Belgium

Individual

Anderlecht

Burnley

Individual

Takeo Harada

319||15||30||0||30||0||379||15
319||15||30||0||30||0||379||15

Gerard Piqué

Gerard Piqué (born 2 February 1987) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Barcelona and Spain national team. He started his professional football career with Manchester United in 2004. In Manchester United he scored 2 goals in 12 matches. After that, he was loaned to Real Zaragoza in 2006-2007 season. Gerard came back to Manchester United in 2007, but he said that he wants to go back to Spain. In 2008, Gerard signed a contract with Barcelona, with a 50 million Euro buy-out clause. He has been dating Shakira since 2010. According to Pinkvilla, Clara Chia Marti is Gerard's girlfriend.

12||0||3||0||4||0||4||2||23||2
47||3||10||2||colspan="2"|-||14||1||71||6
59||3||13||2||4||0||18||3||94||8

!Total||13||4

Osamu Umeyama

Osamu Umeyama (born 16 August 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

289||0||18||0||23||0||330||0
289||0||18||0||23||0||330||0

Takanori Nunobe

Takanori Nunobe (born 23 September 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

344||28||27||1||49||11||420||40
344||28||27||1||49||11||420||40

Pauleta

Pauleta (born 28 April 1973) is a former Portuguese football player. He has played for Portugal national team.

53||30||||||||||||||||
129||52||6||1||colspan="2"|-||5||3||140||56
266||141||28||28||15||15||32||16||341||200
448||223||34||29||15||15||37||19||534||286

!Total||88||47

Tomoaki Komorida

Tomoaki Komorida (born 10 July 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Persela Lamongan.

186||22||11||3||11||0||208||25
186||22||11||3||11||0||208||25

Milan Kundera

Milan Kundera (, 1 April 1929 – 11 July 2023) was a writer who was born in Czechoslovakia and wrote mainly in the Czech and French languages. He was best known as the writer of "The Unbearable Lightness of Being", "The Book of Laughter and Forgetting", and "Identity". The sale of his books in his home country was forbidden until the fall of communism in Czechoslovakia in 1989. Kundera lived in France from 1975 until his death.

Kundera died after a long-illness in Paris, France on 11 July 2023, at the age of 94.

A number of Kundera's novels appear to criticise totalitarianism and the impact of totalitarianism on art.





Trisomy

A trisomy is when there are three copies of a chromosome. Normally in humans there is only two copies of any given chromosome. The most notable condition is Trisomy 21 syndrome which is better known as Down Syndrome, a form of developmental genetic disorder.


Toshiro Tomochika

Toshiro Tomochika (born 24 April 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

122||51
122||51

Makoto Segawa

Makoto Segawa (born 26 November 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

Yoshihito Yamaji

Yoshihito Yamaji (born 13 January 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

134||5||11||0||7||0||152||5
134||5||11||0||7||0||152||5

Östers IF

Östers IF is an association football club in the town of Växjö in Sweden. The club won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1968, 1978, 1980 and 1981. It also won the Swedish cup in 1977.


Yasunobu Chiba

Yasunobu Chiba (born 11 April 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

107||11||6||1||7||0||120||12
107||11||6||1||7||0||120||12

Lorenzo Staelens

Lorenzo Staelens (born 30 April 1964) is a former Belgian football player. He has played for Belgium's national team.

Club Brugge

Anderlecht



True Blood

True Blood was an American television show that was broadcast on HBO cable television. It is produced by Alan Ball and stars Anna Paquin as the main character, Sookie Stackhouse, a waitress who can hear people's thoughts. The story is based on the novels "The Southern Vampire Mysteries" written by Charlaine Harris. Most of the events of the TV show occur is a small town in Louisiana named Bon Temps. Although there are other places, like Mississippi, this is one of the main places the show is centered around. On July 15, 2013, it was announced by HBO that the show was renewed for a seventh and final season and would premiere on June 22, 2014.

Two years before the present (what the viewer sees now), vampires "came out of the coffin" (a coined phrase of "coming out of the closet"). After the creation of fake blood (called Tru Blood), vampires are allowed to enter the open and interact with humans (which is called "mainstreaming") more often. They can only come out at night, however (unlike Twilight, vampires will burn to death, until they are a pile of ashes, if they step out into the sunlight). The show is mostly centered around Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a telepath, better known as a person who can hear the thoughts of others, and how her life changes after she meets vampire Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer).

2008 - Season 1:
Sookie is a waitress for Merlotte's, a bar owned by her boss, Sam Merlotte (Sam Trammel). A rather lousy couple enters the bar, in Sookie's section. She serves them, and when a vampire enters the bar, the heads turn. She accidentely reads the rather rude couple's mind, and hears them both think that when they leave the bar, they will drain the vampire of his blood, a rather expensive substance used and seen as a drug in the series. Sookie leaves in a haste to stop them, and actually does save him. Something rather strange happens (Sookie gains the man's attention by throwing a chain around his neck, and it seems to squeeze itself around him and stay there), it is shrugged off. The woman, speaking for both of them, vows revenge on Sookie for getting in the way and runs off, with her male counterpart trailing behind her.

She removes small chains of silver off of him (which leads her to realize that one of a vampire's weaknesses is silver), and he thanks her, before she ends up pulling him out the way when the evil duo try to run him over with their truck. Because she works hard to shut the thoughts of other people out, she finds a surprise when she discovers she cannot hear Bill's thoughts. She learns that Bill is from an old time, and that he inherited his old family house from several hundred years ago.


Eyal Berkovic

Eyal Berkovic (; Born 2 April 1972) is a former Israeli football player and football manager. During his career he played for several clubs including Maccabi Haifa, Southampton, Celtic, Manchester City and West Ham United.

Maccabi Haifa

West Ham

Celtic

Blackburn Rovers

Manchester City

Individual


Alexander Skarsgård

Alexander Skarsgård is a Swedish actor. He was born in 1976. He is the son of Swedish actor Stellan Skarsgård.

Ian Wallace

Ian Wallace (born 10 July 1919; died 12 October 2009 in London) was a British bass-baritone opera and concert singer, actor and entertainer.

Wallace was born in London and went to school at Charterhouse. He soon became known at school as someone who was good at making people laugh. He learned to sing lots of songs and accompanied himself on the banjolele.

When he wanted to study at university he applied for a choral scholarship at King’s College, Cambridge, but he was not offered a place there, so he went to Trinity Hall. There he studied law and was known for the jokes that he played on people. He also had singing lessons.

Wallace wanted to go into music theatre, but the war broke out and he joined the army. Then he was ill with tuberculosis, but it did not stop him from singing to the people in the hospital.

He took a long time to get better. Gradually he started working in music theatre and then he got a chance to sing in opera. His voice was a bass baritone. He sang with the New London Opera Company in operas such as "La bohème" and "The Barber of Seville". From 1948 to 1961, he regularly sang at Glyndebourne. He usually sang comic parts (known as “buffo roles). 

In 1948 he married Patricia Black. It was a long and happy marriage. The couple adopted two children. 

The Glyndebourne season took place in the summer, so he had plenty of time to do other things the rest of the year. He sang in operas in the BBC studios and often appeared in pantomimes. Then he started to take part in a radio programme called “My Music”. Together with Frank Muir, Dennis Norden, David Franklin and Steve Race he made this programme extremely popular. It was a kind of lighthearted quiz programme with lots of stories and laughter. Wallace was particularly known for singing a song called “The Hippopotamus” by Flanders and Swann.

Wallace continued to sing in opera in the mid-1960s. He sang the roles of Leporello (in "Don Giovanni") and Pistol (in Verdi’s "Falstaff"). He acted on television and in films and appeared at many charity events. He was always very cheerful and friendly and he was liked by a lot of people.

He wrote two autobiographies: "Promise Me You'll Sing Mud" and "Nothing Quite Like It".


Bass-baritone

A bass-baritone is a male singer whose voice is quite low, like a deep baritone, but not quite as low as really deep bass. People started to describe some singers as "bass-baritones" in the 19th century, particularly when the composer Richard Wagner wrote operas which needed singers with that kind of heroic voice. Wagner's roles for bass-baritone include: the Dutchman in Der fliegende Holländer, Wotan/Der Wanderer in the Ring Cycle and Hans Sachs in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg. Wagner called these roles "Hoher Bass" ("high bass").

Some bass-baritones often sing baritone roles. Others prefer to sing bass roles.

Famous singers who have been, or are, described as bass-baritone include Hans Hotter, José van Dam, Thomas Quasthoff, Friedrich Schnorr, John Shirley-Quirk, Bryn Terfel and Willard White.


Photopsin

Photopsins are chemical proteins within the cone cell receptors of the eyes. They recognize colors. They are also known as iodopsins. Rod cells have other opsins.

Telus

Telus (TSX: T, T.A; NYSE: TU) is a Canadian company that provides phone, internet, television, and cellular phone service. They are a very large company, one of the largest telecommunication companies in Canada. Telus logo is stylized as TELUS. Telus' head office is in Burnaby, British Columbia. 

Telus was made from a merger of BCTel, the main phone company in British Columbia and Alberta Government Telephones, better known as AGT. AGT was owned by the government of Alberta. AGT wanted to separate from the government and formed a company called Telus in 1990. After that, they combined with BCTel to form the current Telus company in 1999. That remaining Telus company purchased Clearnet Communications, a cell phone company. Clearnet gave them the current style of their advertising, including the slogan «The future is friendly». Telus uses colorful animals to advertise their services. In 2019, Telus announced acquisition of ADT Inc.

Telus has cell phone, internet, phone and telephone services. They have a CDMA network for most of their cell phones, but on November 5th, 2009, they started up a new HSPA network, similar to Rogers cell phone network. They have started this with Bell. It allows a very large selection of cell phones.

They have television and internet service based on ADSL service. Telus is the major landline telephone service provider for British Columbia and Alberta.


Brandon Roy

Brandon Roy (born July 23, 1984 in Seattle, Washington) is a retired professional basketball player. He played for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 2006 to 2011. He won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award in 2007, and was chosen as an All Star in 2008, 2009, and 2010.

Roy played college basketball for four years at the University of Washington. The Minnesota Timberwolves chose him with the sixth pick in the 2006 NBA Draft, but traded him to the Trail Blazers later that night.

On December 9, 2011, Roy said that he would retire from basketball because of knee problems.


Alexander Ovechkin

Alexander Mikhaylovich Ovechkin (born September 17, 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey left winger. He plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL) and serves as their captain.

Ovechkin was picked first overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He also played for the Dynamo Moscow of the RSL from 2001 to 2005 and again in 2012 because of the 2012-13 NHL lockout.

WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010

WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010 is a wrestling video game that is published by THQ, It is available for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, Wii and Xbox 360 systems. The game was the first game in the series to be released as an app for the iPhone. The iPhone app was released on December 23, 2009. The game was removed from the app store on iTunes in June 2010. The game received positive reviews from video game reviewers.

It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw video game series.


Minimum spanning tree

A number of problems from graph theory are called Minimum spanning tree. In graph theory, a tree is a way of connecting all the vertices together, so that there is exactly one path from any one vertex, to any other vertex of the tree. If the graph represents a number of cities connected by roads, one could select a number of roads, so that each city can be reached from every other, but that there is no more than one way to travel from one city to another.

A graph can have more than one spanning tree, just like there may be more than one way to select the roads between the cities.

Most of the time, graphs are weighted; each connection between two cities has a weight: It might cost something to travel on a given road, or one connection may be longer than the other, this means it takes more time to travel on that connection. In the language of graph theory, the connections are called "edges".

A minimum spanning tree is a tree. It is different from other trees in that it minimizes the total of the "weights" attached to the edges. Depending on what the graph looks like, there may be more than one minimum spanning tree. In a graph where all the edges have the same weight, every tree is a minimum spanning tree. If all the edges have different weights (that is: there are no two edges with the same weight), there is exactly one minimal spanning tree.

It can be very simple to make an algorithm that will discover a minimum spanning tree:

In this case, "safe" means that including the edge does not form a cycle in the graph. A cycle means starting at a vertex, travelling to a number of other vertices and ending up at the starting point again without using the same edge twice.

Czech scientist Otakar Borůvka developed the first known algorithm for finding a minimum spanning tree in 1926. He wanted to solve the problem of finding an efficient coverage of Moravia with electricity. Today, this algorithm is known as Borůvka's algorithm. Two other algorithms are commonly used today. One of them was developed by Vojtěch Jarník in 1930, and put in practice by Robert Clay Prim in 1957. Edsger Wybe Dijkstra rediscovered it in 1959, and called it Prim's algorithm. The other algorithm is called Kruskal's algorithm, and was published by Joseph Kruskal in 1956. All three algorithms are greedy, and run in polynomial time.

The fastest minimum spanning tree algorithm to date was developed by Bernard Chazelle. The algorithm is based on the soft heap, an approximate priority queue. Its running time is "O"("m" α("m","n")), where "m" is the number of edges, "n" is the number of vertices and α is the classical functional inverse of the Ackermann function. The function α grows extremely slowly, so that for all practical purposes it may be considered a constant no greater than 4; thus Chazelle's algorithm takes very close to linear time.

What is the fastest possible algorithm for this problem? That is one of the oldest open questions in computer science. There is clearly a linear lower bound, since we must at least examine all the weights. If the edge weights are integers with a bounded bit length, then deterministic algorithms are known with linear running time. For general weights, there are randomized algorithms whose "expected" running time is linear.

The problem can also be approached in a distributed manner. If each node is considered a computer and no node knows anything except its own connected links, one can still calculate the distributed minimum spanning tree.

WWE European Championship

The WWE European Championship is a former championship for World Wrestling Entertainment. It was first established as the 'WWF European Championship'. The first and longest reigning champion, The British Bulldog became the first Champion after winning a tournament that was held over several shows in Germany, culminating in a finals victory over Owen Hart. When Shawn Michaels won the belt, it made him the first Grand Slam Champion in WWE. Michaels was and still is the only wrestler to have held both the WWF Championship and the European title at the same time. The title was on a brief hiatus in 1999 due to then-champion Shane McMahon's wanting to retire an "undefeated champion". The WWE European Championship was retired in a ladder match on July 22, 2002 when Rob Van Dam put his WWE Intercontinental Championship on the line, along with Jeff Hardy's European Championship in a winner-take-all type match. When RVD won the match he merged the two titles together, and continued to hold the Intercontinental Title. RVD's title reign is not listed in the official European title history on WWE's official website, and therefore he is not credited with being a Eurocontinental Champion, but is mentioned in RVD's profile.

Transgender flag

The Transgender Pride flag was made by a woman named Monica Helms, and was first seen at a pride parade in Phoenix, Arizona, United States in 2000.

The flag is a symbol of the transgender group and is made up of five stripes that go straight across from left to right. Two light blue stripes, two pink stripes, with a white stripe in the center.

Christian (footballer, born 1975)

Christian Corrêa Dionisio (born 23 April 1975) is a former Brazilian football player. He plays for Portuguesa Desportos.

50||7
217||97
71||22
11||3
15||6
13||3
377||138

!Total||11||0

Kohei Hayashi

Kohei Hayashi (born 27 June 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

190||29||11||3||1||0||202||32
190||29||11||3||1||0||202||32

Haruki Seto

Haruki Seto (born 14 March 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Geylang United.

153||7||15||2||19||1||187||10
30||3||1||0||6||0||37||3
183||10||16||2||25||1||224||13

Yukihiro Yamase

Yukihiro Yamase (born 22 April 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagan Tosu.

70||6||5||2||12||2||2||0||87||10
70||6||5||2||12||2||2||0||87||10

Kenta Tokushige

Kenta Tokushige (born 9 March 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

22||0||8||0||8||0||38||0
22||0||8||0||8||0||38||0

Tomoyasu Ando

73||0||8||0||7||0||88||0
73||0||8||0||7||0||88||0

Cop Killer (song)

"Cop Killer" is a very controversial song by the music group Body Count. It is off their 1992 self entitled album. The lyrics are sung in the first person of a single who is mad because of the police brutality and thinks to take the law into his own hands by killing violent, mad police officers. The song, which lyricist Ice T said it to be as a "protest record." It was made in 1990, and was mostly inspired by bands like Talking Heads.

Insane Clown Posse

Insane Clown Posse are an American hip-hop/horrorcore group from Detroit, Michigan. The group consists of two members: Shaggy 2 Dope and Violent J. They formerly had two other members John Kickjazz whose real name is John Utsler and Greez-E whose real name is Kalyn Garcia but they left the band later on.

The band is known for spraying their fans with the soda, Faygo during their concerts. In one incident a man sued Violent J for throwing a bottle of Faygo at him during a concert in 2007

Insane Clown Posse and Horrorcore followers are usually known as "Juggalo"s (male) and "Juggalette"s (female).

Insane Clown Posse have feuded with Eminem in the past but in an interview with Violent J he said that the feud had ended.

They have formed a professional wrestling company called "Juggalo Championship Wrestling" which they founded in 1999.

Insane Clown Posse's Official website

Attic

The attic is the highest part of a house, it is directly below the roof and old house or old things inside the house like a vintage. It is sometimes used as storage. Some people have "loft conversions" (change the attic into a room people can use) so that they can sleep in it. Attics can be hard to reach, which is why many of them are not used. They can help keep the temperature of the house stable.

The word "attic" derived from the Attica region in Greece. It comes from the Attic style architecture.

6teen

6teen was an Canadian animated television series and sitcom produced by Nelvana and Fresh TV. The show was about six sixteen-year-old friends and followed them in their first part-time jobs and teenage lives. The series premiered airs at 4:00 p.m. ET/PT times on November 7, 2004 on Cartoon Network in the United States.

The show had 95 episodes, 2 45-minute-long specials and a total of 4 season.



Airline (1998 TV series)

Airline is a British television program. It shows daily happenings of airport customers and staff. Series 1 are photographed in Britannia Airways and series 2 are photographed in EasyJet.

Telepopmusik

Telepopmusik is a music group. Angela McClusky sang in the song "Brighton beach" and "Don't look back" off their album Angel Milk. "Breathe" is their most famous song.

2008–09 NHL season

The 2008-09 NHL season was the 91st season of the National Hockey League. It was the first season since before to the 2004-05 lockout in which every team played each other at least once during the season, following three seasons where teams only played against two divisions in the other conference (one division at home and one on the road.) It began on October 4, with the regular season ending on April 12. The Stanley Cup playoffs ended on June 12, with the Pittsburgh Penguins taking the championship. The Montreal Canadiens hosted the 57th NHL All-Star Game at the Bell Centre on January 25, 2009, part of the Canadiens' 100th season celebration.

"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, OTL = Overtime/Shootout Losses, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points."

In the event of a tie in points in the standings at the end of the season, ties are broken using the following tiebreaking procedures.
The higher ranked team is the one with:

"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"

"GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/Shootout Losses; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
After the regular season, the standard of 16 teams qualified for the playoffs. The San Jose Sharks won the Presidents' Trophy for having the best record in the league, at 117 points. Division champions maintain their relative ranking during the entire playoffs while the remaining teams get reseeded below them after each round.


"*Montreal finished with exactly the same record as the Florida Panthers (including number of wins), but garnered more points (the Canadiens with six, the Panthers with three) in the four game season series between them, to earn the 8th spot."


In each round, the highest remaining seed in each conference is matched against the lowest remaining seed. The higher-seeded team is awarded home ice advantage. In the Stanley Cup Finals, home ice is determined based on regular season points. Each best-of-seven series follows a 2-2-1-1-1 format: the higher-seeded team will play at home for games 1 and 2 (plus 5 and 7 if necessary), and the lower-seeded team will be at home for game 3, 4 and 6 (if necessary).

First All-Star Team

Second All-Star Team



Wavelet

A Wavelet is a mathematical function used to write down a function or signal in terms of other functions that are simpler to study. Many signal processing tasks can be seen in terms of a wavelet transform. Informally speaking, the signal can be seen under the lens with a magnification given by the scale of the wavelet. In doing so, we can see only the information that is determined by the shape of the wavelet used.

The English term "wavelet" was introduced in the early 1980s by French physicists Jean Morlet and Alex Grossman.
They used the French word "ondelette" (which means "small wave").
Later, this word was brought into English by translating "onde" into "wave" giving "wavelet".

Wavelet is (complex) function from the Hilbert space formula_1. For practical applications it should satisfy following conditions.

It must have finite energy.

It must satisfy an admissibility condition.

Zero mean condition implies from admissibility condition.

The function formula_5 is called mother wavelet. Its translated (shifted) and dilated (scaled) normalized versions are defined as following.

Original mother wavelet has parameters formula_9 and formula_10. Translation is described by formula_11 parameter and dilatation by formula_12 parameter.

Minnesota North Stars

The Minnesota North Stars were a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 26 seasons, from 1967 to 1993. The North Stars played their home games at the Met Center in Bloomington, and the team's colors for most of its history were green, yellow gold and white. The North Stars played 2,062 regular season games and made the NHL playoffs fifteen times, including two Stanley Cup Finals appearances. In the fall of 1993, the franchise moved to Dallas, Texas, and is now known as the Dallas Stars.

The team had 15 playoff appearances, a 77-82 playoff record, 2 Norris Division championships, and 2 Campbell Conference championships.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"


This is a listing of the top-ten point-scorers in franchise history.

Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games Played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; P/G = Points per game
Clarence S. Campbell Bowl

Calder Memorial Trophy

Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy

"Note: This list does not include Minnesota Wild, Dallas Stars, California Golden Seals and Cleveland Barons captains". >
This is a listing of players in the Hockey Hall of Fame:


After the move, the Dallas Stars retired the number 7 of Minnesota native, University of Minnesota graduate and 1980 Olympic hero Neal Broten, C, 1981-93.


Superfluidity

Superfluidity is a state of matter where fluid or a liquid can act very strangely.

Some of the things a superfluid can do are:


So far, scientists have only been able to create superfluids at extremely cold temperatures. However, superfluids have quite a few uses in science today, like:


There is also another state of matter called a "supersolid", although how they are formed is more complex.


Princely state

A princely state (also called a native state or Indian state) was a state within the former British Indian Empire where a native Indian sovereign came under subordinate alliance with the British via a treaty. Such treaties allowed for what was termed British Paramountcy as opposed to sovereignty over the native states. The peoples of these native states were officially not considered subjects of the British Indian Empire but rather as subjects of their native monarch. For the purposes of travel the term used on the passports of subjects of Native sovereigns was "British protected person". As according to treaty with the empire the native ruler had surrendered the subject of foreign affairs, such states could not have direct relations with other states without British approval. 

From time to time, however, often for the purposes of its own security, the British Indian Empire
would interfere in the internal affairs of even the first class states in violation of the treaties made with them. Such interference was met by both public and formal protests buy native rulers and their subjects and was considered as an "encroachment on a native states sovereignty" by the empire.

The rulers of these states held various titles: e.g. raja (a Hindu ruling prince); maharaja (a greater Hindu ruling prince); nawab (a Muslim ruling prince such as the Nawab of Awadh); nizam, the title of the Nizam of Hyderabad. About 118 of the 565 princely states existing in 1947 were considered first class sovereign states and had state governments of their own and only five were large states (Hyderabad (Princely state), Mysore, Kashmir and Jammu, and Baroda). Of these three became part of the dominion of India while the status of Jammu and Kashmir was disputed. 

Wookiee

A Wookiee is a fictional race of aliens from the Star Wars series of movies. Their home planet is Kashyyyk. The best known Wookiee character is Chewbacca.

When George Lucas was developing fictional characters for "Star Wars", he named Chewbacca after his dog, Chewbacca. The name "Wookiee" came from an in Lucas's first feature movie, "THX 1138". The line was "I think I ran over a Wookiee back there."

On Kashyyyk wookiees build their houses in mile-high trees. They have long arms and legs so they can climb the trees. Chewbacca is over seven feet tall and over 200 years old. By nature they are gentle and intelligent creatures. When angered they can pull a man's arms out of their s. Wookiees have a great sense of smell. They are fully covered with a thick coat of hair. Wookiees prize loyalty and above all else. 

The Wookiee language is Shyriiwook. Wookiees are capable of understanding English but cannot speak it. In the original Star Wars trilogy Chewbacca showed he could understand humans. His human partner, Han Solo, also shows knowledge of Shyriiwook. In the Star Wars expanded universe books, Chewbacca builds a miniature translator droid ("Em Teedee") for his nephew Lowbacca. When Lowbacca begins training as a Jedi the droid helped him communicate with his fellow students.


Monte Plata

Monte Plata is a Dominican city and head municipality of the Monte Plata province.

The town was founded with people from Monte Cristi and Puerto Plata; they took the words "Monte" from the first town and "Plata" from the second town to form the name of the new town: "Monte Plata".

The city was founded in 1606 when the Spanish Governor Antonio Osorio destroyed, by orders of King Phillip III of Spain, the towns of Monte Cristi and Puerto Plata. The people and the cattle were moved to a new town that was given the name of Monte Plata to remember those two towns that were destroyed.

When the province of Monte Plata was created in 1982, the city was made the head municipality of this province.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 26,192: 13,288 men and 12,904 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Monte Plata is in the northwestern part of the "Llano Costero del Caribe" (in English, "Caribbean Coastal Plain"), a large prairie with many important savannas.

The "Sierra de Yamasá" is found to the northeast of the municipality. "Los Haitises" is a karst region with many small hills; it is to the northwest of Monte Plata.

It has a total area of and has three municipal districts (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality); these are Boyá, Chirino and Don Juan.

The altitude of the city of Monte Plata is above sea level.

The municipality of Monte Plata has the municipality of Sabana Grande de Boyá to the north, the municipality of Bayaguana to the east, the Santo Domingo province to the south and the municipality of Yamasá to the west.

Monte Plata has a tropical wet climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist (rainfalls during the whole year).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is August with of rainfall, followed by May with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of followed by December with an average of .

Monte Plata is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Monte Plata has three municipal districts:

Because there are many savannas, and by its history, the most important economic activity in the municipality is cattle raising is also important, mainly for milk.

Farming is also an important activity. Some crops are sugar cane and fruits like orange.

Epistulae Morales ad Lucilium

The Epistulae morales ad Lucilium (in English "Moral Letters to Lucilius") is the name for 124 letters Seneca the Younger wrote when he was over sixty-years-old. The "Letters" were probably written in the last three years of Seneca's life, during the years 62 to 64 AD. All letters start ""Seneca Lucilio suo salutem"" (Seneca greets his Lucilius) and end with ""Vale"" (Farewell). Lucilius was the Governor of Sicily at the time, but he is only known through Seneca's writings. Seneca wrote the letters to give Lucilius advice on how to become a better person. The letters are like a diary, or a handbook, of Stoic philosophy. Seneca writes about life, death, and virtue as the supreme good. He writes about the joy that comes from wisdom. He repeatedly refers to the shortness of life.

The tag "Vita sine litteris mors" ('Life without learning [is] death') is adapted from "Epistle" 82 (originally "Otium sine litteris mors", 'Leisure without learning [is] death') and is the motto of Derby School and Derby Grammar School in England, Adelphi University, New York, and Manning's High School, Jamaica.


Yaniv Katan

Yaniv Katan (; born 27 January 1981) is a retired Israeli international footballer who played most of his career for Maccabi Haifa. He earned 31 caps for Israel, scoring five goals.


Sorbet

Sorbet, or sherbet, is a cold dessert made with water or fruit juice instead of milk. Most sorbets have fruit flavors. Lemon is the most common flavor, and other flavors include orange, lemon, cherry, lime, red wine. Rainbow is a mix of different-colored flavors, usually including lemon and cherry.

Sorbet is a French name, but the origin of the dessert is not known for sure. It has been around for several centuries. Before refrigeration frozen ice stores were used. Claims have been made that the idea was known in ancient Persia.

Ken Nelson (British record producer)

Ken Nelson (born 6 February 1959 in Liverpool) is an English record producer. He is the producer of the band Coldplay. This band brought him worldwide success.

Homecoming (Kanye West song)

"Homecoming" is a song by rapper Kanye West and featuring Coldplay's Chris Martin. The song is about his hometown.

Instrumentation (music)

Instrumentation in music is the use of different musical instruments to make up a certain mixture. This mixture is then used to make the music.

Lead single

A lead single is usually the first single released by a musician or a band from a given album. The lead single does not have to be the first track on an album though. It does not have to be the first single either. Sometimes singles are released as part of promotions.

Jonny Buckland

Jonathan Mark "Jonny" Buckland (born 11 September 1977) is an English guitarist and musician. He is best known as the lead guitarist of the band Coldplay. 

Will Champion

William "Will" Champion (born 31 July 1978) is the drummer for the English rock band Coldplay.

Champion's mother, Sara, died from cancer in 2000. Coldplay's debut album "Parachutes" was dedicated to her.

Champion was the first Coldplay member to marry. He married Marianne Dark, a teacher, in 2003. Their first child, a girl named Ava, was born on 28 April 2006. On 7 May 2008, Marianne gave birth to fraternal twins Juno and Rex.

Trouble (Coldplay song)

"Trouble" is a song recorded by British alternative rock band Coldplay. It was composed for their first album, "Parachutes". The band wrote the song and produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson. The word "trouble" is repeated many times in the lyrics of the song.

The song was released on 26 October 2000 as a single. It was the third single of the album. It reached number 10 on the UK Singles Chart. This made it the band's second Top 10 single in the country. "Trouble" did not chart on the main singles chart in the United States. But the music press said it was almost as successful as "Yellow". "Yellow" was the single released before "Trouble". Two different music videos for the single were released.

Chris Martin, the vocalist of Coldplay said that idea for writing "Trouble" came from his own behaviour. Martin said that there were "some bad things going in our band ... the song is about behaving badly towards somebody you really love and I was certainly doing that to some members of the band." The four members of Coldplay are credited as the co-writers of "Trouble". But, it was based on Martin's idea.

British record producer Ken Nelson and the band produced "Trouble" for their first album, "Parachutes". The song was recorded four times before the band got the recording they liked most. The band decided that the first three versions were not "working". The last take was recorded into Pro Tools with a shaker. This was done to provide the rhythm to the track. For the backing track, Will Champion played the drums and Martin played the piano. It was recorded in a little wooden room. Guy Berryman recorded the bass and then guitarist Jonny Buckland added the guitar section. In recording the piano section of the track, the band used two microphones. Nelson, who wanted to keep the song simple, chose the microphone which had a fuller sound for the mixing.

"Trouble" was mixed in New York by American mix engineer Michael Brauer. The first mixed version was sent back to the band and Nelson. However, it was not as good as they wanted and had to be mixed again. Nelson found some problems in the version. In spite of this, he did not blame Brauer because he was not present during the mixing. This was because they were recording the album at that time.

Like in the song "Yellow", in this song the word trouble is used many times. The song's lyrics have "softer emotional themes". This includes apologies and unrequited love, and longing.

The song has a minimalistic approach. The song is mainly built around a piano. It has a snare drum in the background. The sound of the drum was mixed very low. The snare drum cannot be heard when the guitar is played. The song has a tempo of 70 beats per minute. Martin's vocal range in the song is from F to A, the highest note being sung using his falsetto voice.

"Trouble" was released on 26 October 2000 in the United Kingdom, and on 18 December 2001 in the United States. It was the third single of "Parachutes". A limited edition CD of the single was released. It had a remix of the songs "Yellow" and "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas". Only 1,000 copies were made. It was given only to fans and journalists.

Coldplay did not accept many offers to use "Trouble" for advertisements. In 2004, the band rejected an offer from Diet Coke and Gap to use the song. The offer was worth many million Euros. American actor Sylvester Stallone wanted to use the song for the soundtrack of his 2001 film "Driven". But the band declined.

"Trouble" was a commercial success. It reached number 10 on the UK Singles Chart. This made it the band's second Top 10 single in the UK after "Yellow". "Trouble" was successful because the previous singles did very well. Also, the album, "Parachutes" was very successful in the United Kingdom. The British band Lost Witness made a remixed version of the song. It was released and was successful.

In the United States, the single's chart performance was almost as good as "Yellow"s. It reached number 23 on the "Billboard" Adult Top 40 and 28 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks. Martin has said the single had saved them from being a "one-hit wonder" band. The band thought it was not a "great single". They felt it would not do well in the United States.

The original European version of the music video for "Trouble" was directed by British director Sophie Muller. The video was shot in a Newhall, California ranch. Its theme was the Wild West.

The music video also had a U.S. version. This was directed by Tim Hope who won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Art Direction in 2002 for the video. It was also nominated for "Breakthrough Video". The video is similar to "Don't Panic".


Epping tube station

Epping on the London Underground is the north-eastern terminus of the Central Line. The station before Epping is Theydon Bois. Epping station is in the Epping Forest District of Essex. It is one of eight London Underground stations in this District and is in Travelcard Zone 6.

Proposed

Mixed number

A mixed number (also called a mixed fraction) is a number which contains a whole number and a fraction added together. For instance 1 ½, in words "one and a half", is the same as 1 + ½, or "one plus one half." It is another way of writing 3/2 or "three over two" or "three halves", which is an improper fraction. Both ways of writing the number are correct. 

Trichome

Trichomes are structures on a plant's leaves. They look like tiny hairs sticking out from the surface of the leaf.

Trichomes are made of living cells, which can look very different. Some trichomes have one long cell. Other trichomes are a long chain of cells. They may have branches which make them look like a star. 

Trichomes help to shade the leaf from the sun. They block too much wind from moving across the leaf surface. This stops too much water from leaving the leaf. Animals might not eat leaves with trichomes because they do not like the taste.

Glandular trichomes have chemicals in them. They break when the leaf is touched, and then the chemicals come out.

Shawn Daivari

Shawn Daivari (born April 30, 1984) is an Iranian-American professional wrestler who currently works for Ring of Honor under his name, Shawn Daivari. He has also wrestled for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as Daivari and for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as Sheik Abdul Bashir.


Shinji Jojo

Shinji Jojo (born 28 August 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

155||2||6||0||17||0||178||2
155||2||6||0||17||0||178||2

James Vaughan

James Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English former footballer. He is currently the loans pathway manager at Everton.

Everton

Wigan Athletic

Portsmouth

Individual

Yusuke Sato

Yusuke Sato (born 2 November 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tochigi.

284||48||8||1||11||1||303||50
284||48||8||1||11||1||303||50

Satoshi Yokoyama

Satoshi Yokoyama (born 14 February 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Blaublitz Akita.

215||46||16||6||3||1||234||53
215||46||16||6||3||1||234||53

Yoshiyuki Takemoto

Yoshiyuki Takemoto (born 3 October 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

163||44||15||4||4||2||182||50
163||44||15||4||4||2||182||50

Saúl Martínez

Saúl Martínez (born 29 January 1976) is a Honduran football player. He plays for Miami United and Honduras national team.

Nacional Montevideo 

Shanghai Shenhua

C.D. Marathón


Pedro Rocha

Pedro Rocha (3 December 1942 – 2 December 2013) was a former Uruguayan football player. He has played for Uruguay national team.

He died on 2 December 2013 in São Paulo of stomach cancer, one day before his 71st bithday.

131||30
131||30

!Total||52||17

Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.

Hapoel Tel Aviv Football Club () is an Israeli Football club based in Tel Aviv and created in 1926. Their city rival is Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.. The club is second behind Maccabi Tel Aviv in the number of national titles. They play in the Bloomfield Stadium.

The club was founded on 31 May 1927. There were two other attempts to found the club. In 1927 they united with Allenby F.C and created the club in its modern form. The club is part of the Hapoel Sport Organisation, which is connected with the Histadrut trade union. Until the independence of Israel in 1948 the club often won the Palestine League (5 titles). After the independence Hapoel joined the Israeli League. In 1988-1989 they were relegated to the second league for the first time of their existence. Next year they came back. Since 1948 they have won 8 national titles. Overall they have won 13 national titles and 13 State Cups. They have had many big successes in international football, for example the victory in the first Asian Club Championship in 1967, beating Red Bull Salzburg and Benfica in the 2010-11 Champions League, and finishing first in their group in the 2010-11 Europa League.



"As of 30 January 2020"

Only up to six non-Israeli nationals can be in an Israeli club, but only five can play at the same time on the pitch. Those with Jewish ancestry, married to an Israeli, or have played in Israel for an extended period of time, can claim a passport or permanent residency which would allow them to play with Israeli status.


Hugo de León

Hugo de León (born 27 February 1958) is a former Uruguayan football player. He has played for Uruguay national team.

97||2
16||0
12||0
125||2

!Total||48||0

Quantum computer

A quantum computer is a model of how to build a computer. The idea is that quantum computers can use certain ideas from quantum mechanics, such as superposition and entanglement, to perform operations on data. The basic principle behind quantum computation is that quantum properties can be used to represent data and perform operations on it. A theoretical model is the quantum Turing machine, also known as the universal quantum computer.

The idea of quantum computing is still very new. Experiments have been done. In these, a very small number of operations were done on qubits (quantum bit). Both practical (meaning in the real world) and theoretical (meaning just thinking) research continues with interest, and many national government and military funding agencies support quantum computing research to develop quantum computers for both civilian and military purposes, such as cryptanalysis, or breaking codes.

Today's computers, called "classical" computers, store information in binary; each bit is either on or off. Quantum computation use qubits, which, in addition to being possibly on or off, can be both on and off, which is a way of describing superposition, until a measurement is made. The state of a piece of data on a normal computer is known with certainty, but quantum computation uses probabilities. Only very simple quantum computers have been built, although larger designs have been invented. Quantum computation uses a special type of physics, quantum physics.

If large-scale quantum computers can be built, they will be able to solve some problems much more quickly than any computer that exists today (such as Shor's algorithm). Quantum computers are different from other computers such as DNA computers and traditional computers based on transistors. Some computing architectures such as optical computers may use classical superposition of electromagnetic waves. Without quantum mechanical resources such as entanglement, people think that an exponential advantage over classical computers is not possible. Quantum computers cannot perform functions that are not theoretically computable by classical computers, in other words they do not alter the Church-Turing thesis. They would, however, be able to do many things much more quickly and efficiently.


Israeli Premier League

The Israeli Premier League (, "Ligat Ha'Al", literally Super League; also known as Ligat Toto) is the first division association football league in Israel. It was created in 1999, replacing Liga Leumit as the top division. The Liga Leumit is the second division.

In the 2016–17 season, there were 14 Teams in Israeli Premier League. The winner of the league in each season is named the Ligat Winner ().

The following 14 clubs will compete in the Israeli Premier League during the 2018–19 season.


British Rail Class 379

The Class 379 Electrostar is a type of electric multiple unit. It was ordered by National Express East Anglia to run their Stansted Express services. The Class 379 units feature 2+2 seating and wi-fi internet installed. The units were built at Bombardier's plant at Derby.


Shuta Takahashi

Shuta Takahashi (born 27 July 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Aries Tokyo.

59||10||1||0||60||10
59||10||1||0||60||10

Nixon Perea

Nixon Perea (born 15 August 1973) is a former Colombian football player.

24||3||2||0||0||0||26||3
24||3||2||0||0||0||26||3

Hiroyuki Tazawa

Hiroyuki Tazawa (born 29 April 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

28||1||1||0||2||0||31||1
28||1||1||0||2||0||31||1

Brynäs IF Fotboll

Brynäs IF is an association football club in the town of Gävle in Sweden. The club won the Swedish national championship in 1925 and played in Allsvenskan during the 1974 season.


Kazuyoshi Mikami

Kazuyoshi Mikami (born 29 August 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

137||1||6||0||36||0||179||1
137||1||6||0||36||0||179||1

Yasunari Hiraoka

Yasunari Hiraoka (born 13 March 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

185||4||13||2||19||3||219||9
185||4||13||2||19||3||219||9

Naoya Saeki

Naoya Saeki (born 18 December 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tokyo Verdy.

159||4||13||1||15||0||187||5
159||4||13||1||15||0||187||5

Wavelet transform

The wavelet transform is a time-frequency representation of a signal. For example, we use it for noise reduction, feature extraction or signal compression.

Wavelet transform of continuous signal is defined as
where

In case of formula_6 and formula_7, where formula_8, formula_9 and formula_10 and formula_11 are integer constants, the wavelet transform is called discrete wavelet transform (of continuous signal).

In case of formula_12 and formula_13, where formula_14, the discrete wavelet transform is called dyadic. It is defined as
where

It is possible to rewrite dyadic discrete wavelet transform as
where formula_20 is impulse characteristic of continuous filter which is identical to formula_21 for given formula_10.

Analogously, dyadic wavelet transform with discrete time (of discrete signal) is defined as

Gladys Knight

Gladys Maria Knight (born May 28, 1944) is an American singer, actress and songwriter. She is called the "Empress of Soul", She was the lead singer of the music group The Pips.

Knight has been married four times and given birth to three children. In 1960, Knight married her high school sweetheart, James Newman. Gladys gave birth to their son, James III (1962–1999). In 1963 daughter Kenya was born. Newman and Knight divorced in 1973. She married producer and Blackground Records founder Barry Hankerson in 1974. They had one son, Shanga Hankerson, and divorced in 1981. She married motivational speaker Les Brown in 1995. They separated and divorced in 1997. Also in 1997, she was baptized into The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, following her son and daughter. Knight married current husband, William McDowell, in 2001.


Prank phone call

A prank phone call is when someone calls a phone number to play a practical joke on them. One example is a John Cena prank phone call. Prank phone calls are popular.

Push (movie)

Push is an American action science fiction thriller movie. It stars Dakota Fanning and Chris Evans. Academy Award nominee Djimon Hounsou and Camilla Belle are also in the movie.


Roman Urdu

Roman Urdu is the name used for the Urdu language written with the Roman alphabet. It is used by a number of Urdu-speakers on the internet and computers due to the fact that the predominant internet language is English, which is written in roman script. Moreover, people who can speak Urdu but cannot read the script also use this format.


Koji Ezumi

Koji Ezumi (born 18 December 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Omiya Ardija.

99||0||5||0||14||0||118||0
99||0||5||0||14||0||118||0

Tatsuma Yoshida

Tatsuma Yoshida (born 9 June 1974) is a football manager and retired player.

105||8||6||0||7||0||118||8
105||8||6||0||7||0||118||8

Toru Araiba

Toru Araiba (born 12 July 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashima Antlers.

315||20||26||2||58||3||11||0||410||25
315||20||26||2||58||3||11||0||410||25


Shinya Kato

Shinya Kato (born 9 September 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ventforet Kofu.

10||0||2||0||0||0||12||0
10||0||2||0||0||0||12||0

Yuzo Funakoshi

Yuzo Funakoshi (born 12 June 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagamihara.

165||31||13||2||11||1||189||34
165||31||13||2||11||1||189||34

Masanobu Matsunami

Masanobu Matsunami (born 21 November 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

280||45||25||8||53||14||358||67
280||45||25||8||53||14||358||67

Arata Kodama

Arata Kodama (born 8 October 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse.

145||1||16||1||36||0||197||2
145||1||16||1||36||0||197||2


Hitoshi Morishita

Hitoshi Morishita (born 21 September 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

239||10||17||1||39||1||5||0||300||12
239||10||17||1||39||1||5||0||300||12

Takahiro Endo

91||2||4||0||12||1||107||3
91||2||4||0||12||1||107||3


Naoki Hiraoka

Naoki Hiraoka (born 24 May 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

242||21||18||2||44||2||304||25
242||21||18||2||44||2||304||25

Teppei Nishiyama

Teppei Nishiyama (born 22 February 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

323||29||22||4||39||1||384||34
323||29||22||4||39||1||384||34

Takashi Miki

Takashi Miki (born 23 July 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tokushima Vortis.

300||2||16||1||36||0||352||3
300||2||16||1||36||0||352||3

Quadrature mirror filter

The quadrature mirror filters (QMF) are two filters with frequency characteristics symmetric about formula_1 of sampling frequency (i.e. formula_2). They are used especially in process of orthogonal discrete wavelet transform design.

In notation of Z-transform, we can create the quadrature mirror filter formula_3 to (original) filter formula_4 by substitution formula_5 with formula_6 in the transfer function of formula_4.

By doing it, the transfer characteristic of formula_3 is shifted to formula_4 by formula_11.

Impulse characteristic is therefore

According to the picture above, the signal split and passed into these filters can be downsampled by a factor of two. Nevertheless, original signal can be still reconstructed by using reconstruction filters formula_16 and formula_17. Reconstruction filters are given by time reversal analysis filters.

For orthogonal discrete wavelet transform formula_3 is given by

Impulse characteristic is

Reconstruction filters are still given by same equations.

Neil Aspinall

Neil Aspinall (13 October 1941 - 23 March 2008) was a British music executive. He was the managing director of Apple Corps, a company started by The Beatles. He had earlier served as the band's road manager.

Aspinall was born in Prestatyn, North Wales and grew up in Liverpool, England. He was an Accountancy student and lived with the Best family, renting a room in their house. Eldest son Pete Best was a drummer who played for the Beatles. Aspinall owned a van, and began driving the band to their shows, and setting up equipment. In time, they began to pay him for this, and he gave up his studies to be their official road manager.

During 1962 the Beatles changed drummers when Ringo Starr joined, and Pete Best was let go. Aspinall offered to quit also, but he was persuaded to keep working for the Beatles. (He kept a connection to the Best family, having a son, Roag, with Mona Best.) Aspinall was joined by another man, Mal Evans, who shared his job duties.

Over time, other people helped with setting up and breaking down the Beatles' instruments and equipment, but Aspinall and Evans still supervised them. They also did other jobs, like shopping for the band, delivering important messages, and dealing with members of the public who wanted to meet the band. Some of their lesser-known jobs were choosing female audience members at Beatles concerts to visit the band backstage, and signing Beatles autographs on photographs. (The demand for autographs was too great for the Beatles themselves to meet practically.)

When the Beatles stopped giving concerts, they put time into forming their own company, which became Apple Corps. Aspinall and Evans were both directors at Apple, and personal assistants to the Beatles. None of the band's inner circle knew how to run a large company, and Apple got into financial trouble. Allen Klein and Lee Eastman (Paul McCartney's father-in-law) took over running Apple, and Evans was fired. Aspinall was also supposed to be fired, but the Beatles themselves insisted he be kept on.

After the Beatles disbanded, Apple's business decreased, Klein and Eastman moved on, and Apple was reorganized. Aspinall alone was able to handle most of Apple's ongoing business, which was mostly licensing Beatles-related products, and future issues of Beatles music. He kept working for the band until shortly before his death.

Aspinall's last tasks for Apple included handling a lawsuit against Apple Inc. over iTunes, and supervising a new recording of the whole Beatles music catalogue. Aspinall died of lung cancer in New York City in 2008.

Caretaker (Star Trek: Voyager)

"Caretaker" is the first episode in the TV series "". When it was first broadcast on TV, it was shown as a double-length episode (meaning it lasted for double the time a normal episode would last), however it has been split into two separate episodes so that it can be shown as a repeat.

This episode was first broadcast on January 16, 1995 and takes place on stardate 48315.6, in the year 2371.

Jean Balukas

Jean Balukas (born June 28, 1959) is an American pool player from Brooklyn, New York. During the 1970s and 1980s, many people thought Balukas was the greatest female player ever. Some people described her as a leader and "a child prodigy, a loner who rebelled against dress codes for women—the pool equivalent of Billie Jean King". Balukas was named Billiard Congress of America (BCA) Player of the Year five times. She was the youngest person given an entry in the BCA Hall of Fame. She is only the second woman given that honor. In 1999, Balukas was ranked fifteenth on "Billiard Digest's" Fifty Greatest Players of the 20th Century.

Balukas was thought of as a rare young talent. She first earned some fame when she was six years old by appearing in a pool playing event held at New York City's Grand Central Station. She later appeared many times on television, such as on CBS's popular evening television show, "I've Got a Secret". She was nine years old when she placed 5th in the 1969 U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship. She placed 4th and 3rd in the next two U.S. Opens. From that early start, Balukas dominated women's professional pool during the 1970s and 1980s.

Balukas won the U.S. Open seven years in a row, from 1972 through 1978. She won six world championship titles. She had over 100 professional competition first-place finishes; 38 of those wins were in major events. She had a streak of 16 first-place finishes in women's professional tournaments. Balukas was also the only woman to compete equally with men in professional play in her era. She quit the sport in 1988 because of a dispute that happened in a match at the World Open Nine-ball Championship that year.

Jean Balukas's father, Albert Balukas, and his business partner, Frank McGown, owned a forty-eight-table pool hall, named the Ovington Lounge, in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn, New York. Balukas began playing pool when she four years old. She did not play at her father's pool room. Her first play was on a 4½ by 9 foot pool table in the basement of her childhood home. Her parents bought the table to keep her four brothers out of local pool rooms.

Balukas played with a cue stick that had ivory details. It was made just for her in 1965 by a cue stick maker, George Balabushka. When she was five and six years old she would practice a game called straight pool to 50 points after family dinners. Her father supported her play.

In 1966, McGown held a public billiards exhibition at New York City's Grand Central Terminal. With her parents' permission, he brought along the six-year-old Balukas. Balukas participated in the exhibition. This gained Balukas media attention. Later in 1966, Balukas appeared on a television show called "Wonderama". Balukas and her younger sister Laura also appeared on CBS's television show "I've Got a Secret" later that year.

In 1967, Balukas was in an exhibition match at a pool hall called the Carom Club, located Manhattan. In advertisements for the match, Balukas was described as "the Little Princess of Pocket Billiards". A reporter described her at the match as "a little girl with honey-blond hair...wearing a short yellow dress and green leotards...who resembles a young Shirley Temple". She beat her adult opponent, Roland DeMarco, with a final score of 50 to 42.

In 1969, at the age of nine, she competed in her first Billiard Congress of America U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship. Balukas placed 5th in the competition. All her opponents were adults. In the next two U.S. Opens, in 1970 and 1971, she placed 4th and 3rd, respectively. By that time, Balukas had appeared on other television programs with a number of billiard stars and other celebrities.

On August 18, 1972, when she was thirteen years old, Balukas won the women's side of the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship. For the win she beat five-time champion Dorothy Wise. The prize was $1,500. Balukas was the U.S Open's youngest winner ever and by a large number of years. She also beat in the finals, Madelyn Whitlow of Detroit, Michigan, with a score of 75 to 32 in 44 innings (turns at the table). Reporting on the competition, "The New York Times" described her as a strong player "throughout the tournament ... as she defeated six opponents with precision shooting and <nowiki>[</nowiki>almost perfect<nowiki>]</nowiki> strategy".

In 1973, at fourteen, Balukas successfully defended her straight pool U.S. Open title. She beat runner-up Donna Ries, a psychologist from Kansas City, Missouri, with a final score of 75 to 72 in 42 innings. In her longest turn, she sank 26 balls in a row and won $2,000 for first place. Earlier in the tournament she beat Mieko Harada, a housewife from Kyoto, Japan. Baluka's score was much higher than Harada's: 75 to 1 in 20 innings and sank 25 balls in a row. In the 1974 U.S. Open held at the Sheraton Hotel in Chicago, Balukas defended her title, again beating out Harada, but by a much closer score: 100 to 99. This was Balukas's third U.S. Open title in a row, at the young age of fifteen. The close scores at the end of the match were similar to the results on the men's side, where Joe Balsis defeated Jim Rempe 200 to 199.

In 1975, Balukas beat Ries again in the U.S. Open semi-finals with a score of 75 to 15 in 15 innings. She also beat Gail Breedlove of Ames, Iowa, 75 to 19. She then again played and beat Harada in the finals, winning $3,000 with a score of 100 to 63 in 39 innings. In her longest turn, she sank 23 balls. In 1976, then 17, Balukas took her fifth U.S. Open title in a row, beating Gloria Walker of Cheyney, Pennsylvania 75 to 46 in 39 innings and winning a $1,700 prize. Balukas would win the next two U.S. Open straight pool championships for a total of seven wins in a row. Her streak of wins ended after 1978 because the U.S. Open itself was canceled, not because she was beaten.

Balukas was not only talented at pool but also good at other sports. From age sixteen to eighteen, ABC-TV asked her to be on a show called "Superstars". This event happened in Rotonda West, Florida. Top athletes from one sport competed in a different sports that they did not usually compete in. In her first appearance in 1976, while a junior in high school, Balukas placed second with 192 points. She won titles in tennis and bowling. The winner that year was speed skater Anne Henning. Other competitors included: diver Micki King; tennis and golf pro Althea Gibson; skier Kiki Cutter; runner Wyomia Tyus; and tennis champion Martina Navratilova. The second place win was both good and bad for Balukas. She won $13,100 prize money, so she lost amateur standing. Afterwards, she was banned from competing in high school sports. Also, she was not allowed to get a college athletic scholarship.

Balukas has won many other pool titles, including six at the World Open Pocket Billiard Championships. At her first win in that tournament, held at a convention hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey on August 14, 1977, she was described as "the 18-year-old prodigy from Brooklyn". There, she again beat Gloria Walker with a score of 100 to 57, and earned a $1,001 prize. Balukas has won more U.S. Opens than any other player, male or female. The closest male is Steve Mizerak with four wins to Balukas's seven. Her ball average over the seven U.S. Opens was far better than was her opponents'. Balukas averaged 3.44 in 1972 with the next best, Gloria Walker, having an average of 2.37. In 1975 she averaged 4.05, while no other player averaged even 3.

By the late 1960s, Balukas was playing in exhibition matches with top male players. For example, she played with Willie Mosconi and Irving Crane who were together considered between 1941 and 1956 the "best in the world, flat out". In 1975, she again played Willie Mosconi on CBS's "Challenge of the Sexes", playing in games of eight-ball and nine-ball. For the exhibition, the rules were changed to allow Balukas to have an advantage (a practice called "handicapping"). Specifically, Balukas always took the first shot. Then, she also took the next shot, even if she did not put a ball in a pocket on the first shot. Balukas beat Mosconi at both games. She would later play "Battle of the Sexes" matches on television with Rudolph Wanderone (also known as Minnesota Fats) in 1977, Ray Martin in 1979, and with Steve Mizerak in 1986.

On August 6, 1978, Balukas became the first women to qualify to play in the men's side of the World Open Pocket Billiards Championship. This meant that Balukas would be competing in both the women's and men's sides of the tournament. The tournament was to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel in New York City.

Balukas played against men in several other competitions. These included at least one first shown on TV on March 25, 1979, between her and men's champion Ray Martin. The match was described on the television schedule as part of a "Challenge of the Sexes". Other male-female matchups in the series were between golfers Nancy Lopez and Andy North and co-ed participants in a skateboarding challenge match. During 1980, Balukas again competed in the men's side of the World Open Pocket Billiards championship. That year it was played at New York City's Roosevelt Hotel. She was beaten in the second round by Steve Mizerak with a score of 150 to 93. Her final in the tournament was 22nd. At the end, 42 men were behind her. She also played on the women's side and was the champion. She beat Billie Billings, also from Brooklyn, with a score of 100 to 75.

Balukas was entered in both the men's and women's divisions of the 1987 B.C. Classic, a nine-ball competition. After controversy, she competed only on the men's side. There, she beat Keith McCready 11 to 3. At that time McCready was the 17th-ranked male player by money list. Balukas finished the tournament by tying for 9th place.

In August 1987, at the B.C. Classic held at a Holiday Inn in Binghamton, New York, Balukas was scheduled to play in the men's and women's tournaments. After arriving, she found out that for the nighttime matches, she would be required to wear formal clothing. However, she did not have suitable clothing with her. The men's side had no similar dress code. Thus, Balukas did not buy clothes to follow the rule because she thought it was unfair.

The women held a vote on whether Balukas should be allowed to play. The vote resulted in Balukas being banned from the women's tournament. Some people said that the real reason other players voted her out was because they would have a better chance of winning the first place USD $5,000 prize if Balukas did not play. Balukas did not think so. Balukas did compete on the men's side, tying for ninth place.

Soon after the dress code issue was reported on, the president of the Women's Professional Billiard Association (WPBA), Belinda Bearden, sent a letter to "The New York Times". Bearden wrote that the facts were different than reported. The WPBA stated the dress code was decided by the women players for themselves. They made the rules to improve the image of women's pool and to attract a larger audience and more press to the sport. They said that Balukas was the only woman at the event who was not willing to follow the rule. They also explained that Balukas first left from the women's division. They said that she came back to play after the list of who would play who was already completed. Another vote on whether she could play went 8–7 in Balukas' favor. However, after they asked a player who was absent from the first vote, Balukas withdrew from the women's division of the competition.

In 1988, Balukas was playing another professional player named Robin Bell the Brunswick-sponsored World Open Nine-ball Championship. The tournament was held at Caesars Palace (a casino and hotel) in Las Vegas, Nevada and shown on television. Bell was Balukas's best friend on the women's tour. She had never beaten Balukas before. However, Bell had been playing very strongly in the tournament. The terms of the match were that the winner would be whoever won nine games first. In the game of nine ball, there is a way to win the game very quickly. The game is over and the first player wins if they put the 9 ball in a pocket when they take the first shot. Early in the match the score was 2 games to 3, with Bell winning. Then, Bell sank the 9 ball on the first shot two games in a row, so she won both games. That made the score 5 to 2 very quickly without having to play a complete game. Bell avoided having to match skill with Balukas on each turn.

All television match players wore small microphones so that their words and the sounds of play could be heard by the audience. Balukas quietly said to herself that Bell had gotten lucky. The microphone let others hear what Balukas said. The referee spoke to Balukas and told her not to continue talking about Bell. They continued playing. Balukas won the match with a final score of 9 to 5. According to an interview with Balukas by "New York Woman" magazine in 1991, Balukas's exact words were "Some world championship... beat me with skill, not luck". Despite Bell and Balukas's friendship, after the match Bell made a formal to the WPBA about the incident. The WPBA's board of directors fined Balukas $200 for unsportsmanlike conduct.

Balukas was angry about the fine. She did not pay it. She turned down offers by others to pay the fine for her. Balukas explained that "It wasn’t the $200... [Women] pool players, who were ranked three and six and five, were the ones who decided I should be fined. I felt it should have been done by an outside panel, not by my competitors". The sides were deadlocked. Balukas to pay and the WPBA refused to cancel the fine. They would not allow Balukas to play again until she paid. "Just because she was our premier player does not mean she was above the rules", said Vicki Paski in 1992, then president of the WPBA. Another professional named Loree Jon Jones was also interviewed. Her feelings were more mixed: "Her not playing is, I guess, sad", but she also said that without Balukas playing, "we've all learned how to win".

Balukas had faced other problems before she stopped competing. When she had tried to compete against men as the only woman she heard insults from some men. For example, one said "I’m gonna put on a dress and go play with the women". Balukas heard many complaints from the men upon her entry to a Chicago tournament in 1988. They said it was not fair that she got to play on both the men's and women's side, when the men could only play on their own side. She agreed not to play. However, after she traveled to the tournament she learned she had been tricked: "I found out that the first- and second-place winners in the women’s event were going to be invited to play in the men’s event. I was stabbed in the back".

Balukas also admits having been under great pressure, much of it that she placed on herself. After she reached the very top of her profession, "That's when I started getting nervous... that’s when I started putting a lot of pressure on myself". "Playing against the men, I learned to lose... but [losing] hurt with the women because I was expected to win all the time". Balukas later said that leaving the sport was a combination of many things, including: stress, fatigue, frustration, and anger at the professional pool industry. She said, "You know, you're going to fine me? Well, see you later. That was my excuse to finally say I need a break".

After leaving the sport, Balukas returned to Bay Ridge. She took over management of her family's pool hall, Hall of Fame Billiards on Ovington Avenue in Brooklyn. She says "I'm enjoying my life immensely... I have moved on". In summing up these events in a 1992 article, "The New York Times" stated, "So America's greatest woman pool player competes only for the odd soda. If you're feeling lucky, drop by her poolroom...If you're thirsty...go elsewhere".

In 1975, when she was fifteen years old, Balukas was already described as the "best female pool player in the world". Announcers had stopped calling Balukas "the Little Princess", but introduced her to audiences as "the Queen". By that time she had won the World Straight Pool Championship women's division eight of the last nine years. During those same years, she also won sixteen women's professional tournaments. She had been named the Billiard Congress of America Player of the Year five times. In 1985, Balukas became the second woman (after Dorothy Wise) to enter the BCA Hall of Fame. She was the youngest person ever to receive the honor, at just under 27 years of age. In 1999, Balukas was ranked number fifteen on "Billiard Digest's" Fifty Greatest Players of the Century.

New York State Route 308

New York State Route 308 (NY 308, Route 308) is a short road in Dutchess County, New York. The highway is long. It goes through mostly rural areas, and is usually used as a shortcut from U.S. Route 9 (US 9) to New York State Route 9G. The road passes several landmarks along its path. The road began its history in about 1685, when a group of Native Americans built the Sepasco Trail. This trail went from the Hudson River to Lake Sepasco, and followed the same path that currently exists as Route 308. The trail was there until 1802, when part of the Ulster and Delaware Turnpike was built over it. Route 308 was officially formed in 1930.

Part of NY 308 is in the Rhinebeck Village Historic District, which is a area that has 272 historical buildings. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. A well-known attraction is the Beekman Arms Inn, which is located at the corner of NY 308 and US 9. The inn was started in 1776, and says it is one of the oldest inns within the United States.

The road begins at US 9 in the village of Rhinebeck, which is above sea level. To the south of here is a park, a small lake, and a cemetery. At this point, the Dutchess County Fairgrounds are north of Route 308. The highway goes to the east, and is called East Market Street. It soon leaves Rhinebeck, while it runs next to a small creek sometimes known as the Landsman Kill.

The road intersects with County Route 101 and then turns to the north. It also intersects with Route 9G before it turns to the east into a rural area. In this area, Route 308 carries about 6,400 vehicles each day. There are many small lakes around the road as it intersects with County Route 52 and turns to the northeast. NY 308 then travels west of Sepasco Lake before turning east again. It ends at NY 199 in the town of Milan.

The earliest people that lived in northern Dutchess County were the Mohicans. They were a Native American nation that came to the area about 3,000 years ago. There were around 8,000 Mohicans during the time they first saw the Europeans. However, there were only 800 after the American Revolution. Artifacts were found along the shore of Lake Sepasco, which is a small lake near NY 308. The artifacts included very old arrowheads, and are now being shown at a local museum. 
A smaller group of these Native Americans were known as the Sepasco Indians. This name was used for Native Americans in the Sepasco area, which is now known as Rhinebeck. The word "Sepasco" probably came from the tribe's word for "little river" or "stream", which is "sepuus". After the Civil War, only a few of the Sepasco were left. The last Sepasco Indian died in 1867 in a hut near Lake Sepasco. By 1685, a trail known as the Sepasco Trail was formed by the Sepasco people. This trail started at the Hudson River and went east through the village of Rhinebeck. It ended at Lake Sepasco. Part of the trail from Rhinebeck to Lake Sepasco follows about the same path that is today taken by Route 308.

The trail was there until 1802, when a turnpike, a type of road, was built over it "for improving and making a road from the west line of the Town of Salisbury in the State of Connecticut to the Susquehannah River at or near the Town of Jericho". The part of the new turnpike east of the Hudson River was sometimes known as the "Ulster and Salisbury Turnpike". A plaque was placed in November 1922 at the Beekman Arms Inn. The sign marked the crossing of the Kings Highway (now called US 9) and the Ulster and Salisbury Turnpike.

NY 308 itself was officially made during 1930. The path of the road was changed a bit in the 1960s.



Grand Central Terminal

Grand Central Terminal (GCT) — often called Grand Central Station or simply Grand Central — is a train station in New York City. Located at 42nd Street and Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, it is the largest train station in the world by number of platforms.

The first station at this site was built in 1871 by the New York Central Railroad at a time when there were many long-distance passenger trains in the United States which most people took to move across the country. Back then it was called "Grand Central Depot". In 1913 the station was rebuilt and given its current name, "Grand Central Terminal", but today many people call it "Grand Central Station". In fact, "Grand Central Station" is the name of the nearby post office, and of a New York City Subway station underneath.

Grand Central Station covers an area of 48 acres and has 44 platforms on two levels, with 67 tracks along them. There are 41 tracks on the upper level and 26 tracks on the lower level. All of them are built underground at the end of a long tunnel under Park Avenue, where trains have to change from diesel to electric power using a third rail to avoid problems with exhaust. These platforms serve commuters traveling on the Metro-North Railroad to Westchester County, New York, Putnam County, New York, and Dutchess County, New York in New York State, and Fairfield County, Connecticut and New Haven County, Connecticut in the state of Connecticut. By December 2022, the Long Island Rail Road will be extended to a new station at Grand Central, below the existing platforms. Once this happens, Grand Central will have a total of 75 tracks and 48 platforms.

Samuel P. Taylor State Park

Samuel P. Taylor State Park is a state park located in Marin County, California. It contains approximately of redwood and grassland. The park contains about of old-growth forest, some of which can be seen along the Pioneer Tree Trail.

Pedernales, Dominican Republic

Pedernales is a Dominican city and the capital of the Pedernales province, in the southwest of the country close to the border with Haiti.

The name of "Pedernales" was given to the town when it was founded because that was the name of the river that now is the border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic.

"Pedernales" or "silex" ("flint") is the name of a hard mineral that is common in the region.

Before the conquest of the island by European people, some native groups lived around the place where the city of Pedernales is now. But soon those groups disappeared and very few people came to live here because it is a very dry region.

When the French colony of "Saint-Domingue" (present Haiti) was created, the Pedernales river was the southern border between that colony and the Spanish colony of "Santo Domingo" (present Dominican Republic). During those colonial times, some soldiers came here for some time but almost nobody lived here for a long time.

In 1927, the Dominican government brought farmers from other places of the country and made a town for them; the new town was given the name of Pedernales and its first administrator was Sócrates Nolasco who later became a well-known writer.

The town became, in 1938, a municipal district (an administrative division of a municipality in the Dominican Republic) of Enriquillo, province of Barahona.

When the Pedernales province was created in 1957, the town of Pedernales became the capital of the new province.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 14,590: 7,473 men and 7,117 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The only rivers in the municipality, and in the province, are the Pedernales river and its tributary Mulito.

Sierra de Bahoruco ("Bahoruco mountain range") is in the northern half of the municipality; its highest mountain, and the highest mountain of the province, is "Loma del Toro", above sea level, in the limits with the Independencia province.

The municipality has a total area of and has only one municipal district (a subdivision of a municipality): José Francisco Peña Gómez.

The altitude of the city of Pedernales is above sea level.

The municipality of Pedernales has the Independencia Province to the north, the Barahona Province to the east, the municipality of Oviedo to the southeast, the Caribbean Sea to the south and Haiti to the west. The city is at about from the border with Haiti.

Pedernales has a subtropical steppe/low-latitude semi-arid hot climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: BSh).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of followed by February with an average of .

Pedernales is in a hot region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Pedernales has only one municipal district:

Because Pedernales is on the border, the trade with Haiti is important. But the main economic activity is farming, mainly on the mountains, where coffee and beans are important products. Potato, cabbage and other vegetables are produced in the Sierra de Bahoruco.

Fishing is also an important activity in the province, mainly close to the Beata Island, where lobster, conch and several kind of fishes are caught.

Tourism is becoming an important economic activity because there are several beautiful beaches with white sand, like "Cabo Rojo" and "Bahía de las Águilas". There are two of the largest national parks of the country: the "Jaragua National Park" and the "Sierra de Bahoruco National Park".

Mining of limestone to send to other countries and for a cement factory is another important economic activity in the municipality.

Mohican

The Mahicans (also Mohicans) are a Native American tribe. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. They spoke an Algonquian language. They originally settled around the Hudson River. There was conflict with the Mohawk during the Beaver Wars. As a result, many Mahicans moved to Massachusetts after 1680. They settled with tribes of the Lenape. Mahicans moved later to New York and joined the Oneida for several decades. The remaining descendants moved to northeastern Wisconsin during the 1820s and 1830s.
The tribe's name for itself was Muhhekunneuw, or "People of the River." In the late 20th century, several tribes wanted their lands in New York back. In 2010, Governor David Paterson made a deal with the Stockbridge-Munsee. They could have some land a build a casino. 


Heaviside function

The Heaviside function, often written as "H"(x), is a non-continuous function whose value is zero for a negative input and one for a positive input.

The function is used in the mathematics of control theory to represent a signal that switches on at a specified time, and which stays switched on indefinitely. It was named after the Englishman Oliver Heaviside.

The Heaviside function is the integral of the Dirac delta function: "H"′(x) = "δ"(x). This is sometimes written as

We can also define an alternative form of the Heaviside step function as a function of a discrete variable "n":

where "n" is an integer.

Or

The discrete-time unit impulse is the first difference of the discrete-time step

This function is the cumulative summation of the Kronecker delta:

where

is the discrete unit impulse function.

Often an integral representation of the Heaviside step function is useful:

The value of the function at 0 can be defined as "H"(0) = 0, "H"(0) = ½ or "H"(0) = 1. In particular: 


Yasushi Kita

Yasushi Kita (born 25 April 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

186||7||18||1||22||0||226||8
186||7||18||1||22||0||226||8

Hiroki Kobayashi

Hiroki Kobayashi (born 24 May 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

144||0||2||0||0||0||146||0
144||0||2||0||0||0||146||0

Tomohiko Ito

Tomohiko Ito (born 28 May 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

98||0||8||0||6||0||112||0
98||0||8||0||6||0||112||0

Descriptive statistics

Descriptive statistics is a branch of statistics. Its aim is to summarize a set of statistical data. The data are usually taken by sampling a population. To picture the way the data are distributed, a histogram may be drawn. The data may be summarized by computing some characterising values, like the "center" of the data, and the "spread". In some cases the different items of data will be grouped and the groups will be described, in some way. 

Inference (statistics)

Statistical inference is the statistical process of drawing conclusions from data. 

Examples would be the randomness of the data, observational errors, sampling variation, and other issues.

For the most part, statistical inference makes statements about populations, using data drawn from the population of interest by some form of random sampling. The result is some kind of statistical proposition, such as:

Ânderson Lima

Ânderson Lima Veiga (born 18 March 1973) is a Brazilian football player.

250||43||||||||||250||43
30||8||1||0||5||0||36||8
280||51||1||0||5||0||286||51

Silvio Spann

Silvio Spann (born 21 August 1981) is a former Trinidad and Tobago football player. He played for Wrexham and Trinidad and Tobago national team.

Amir Karič

Amir Karič (born 31 December 1973) is a Slovenian football player. He plays for Koper.

214||35||||||||||214||35
12||0||2||0||3||1||17||1
3||0||||||||||3||0
4||0||||||||||4||0
13||1||||||||||13||1
246||36||2||0||3||1||251||37

!Total||64||1

2007 United Kingdom floods

The 2007 floods in the United Kingdom were a series of major floods that happened in many places across the country during June and July 2007.

In Gloucestershire, there was a flash flood from the River Severn and a lot of extreme rainfall. It is estimated that 13 people were killed and nearly all of Gloucestershire was trapped in their homes for the summer holidays. The water was around four foot deep, and it got into most people's homes. The repairs would have cost about 3 thousand pounds per home.




Anto Drobnjak

Anto Drobnjak (born 21 September 1968) is a former Yugoslavian football player. He has played for Yugoslavia national team.

118||49||||||||||118||49
64||39||||||||||64||39
191||77||||||||||191||77
31||12||1||0||2||1||34||13
404||177||1||0||2||1||407||178

!Total||6||2

Ryuichi Sugiyama

Sugiyama was born in Shizuoka on July 4, 1941. After graduating from Meiji University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Mitsubishi Motors in 1966. The club won the champion in 1969 and 1973. The club also won 1971 and 1973 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1973. In his 8 seasons, he played all matches except 1 game in 1970 season and he was selected Best Eleven in all seasons. He was also selected "Japanese Footballer of the Year" 3 times (1964, 1969 and 1973).

On May 28, 1961, during Rōnin for university, Sugiyama debuted for the Japan national team against Malaya. He played at 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. At 1964 Summer Olympics, he played 3 games and scored 2 goals against Argentina and Ghana. At 1968 Summer Olympics, he played 6 matches and assisted 5 goals and Japan won bronze medal. In 2018, 1968 Olympics team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. He also played at 1962, 1966 and 1970 Asian Games. At 1972 Summer Olympics qualification in 1971, Japan's failure to qualify for 1972 Summer Olympics. This qualification was his last game for Japan. He played 56 games and scored 15 goals for Japan until 1971.

After retirement, Sugiyama became a manager for Yamaha Motors in 1974. He led the club to the Japan Soccer League Division 1. He is their longest-serving manager, having led the club from 1974 to 1987.

In 2005, Sugiyama was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

115||41
115||41

!Total||56||15


Gallup's List of Widely Admired People

Gallup's List of Widely Admired People is a poll of United States citizens to tell the names of the individuals whom they most admire. It is a list made every year by The Gallup Organization. In December 1999, they produced a list of 18 people from the 20th century who are "most admired":



Flynn effect

There is a rise in average IQ scores since the beginning of measurements. It is called the Flynn effect. The rise in most industrialized countries where IQ testing has long been commonplace is about three IQ points per decade. James R. Flynn described this phenomenon in 1984.

Others supported the claims. They found the rise was mostly due to the test scores of those who scored an IQ below 100. The number of those who were classified as "mentally handicapped" reduced from year to year. In contrast, the scores of those who got more than 100 did not seem to be affected.

IQ tests are re-normalized every so often to hold the average score for an age group at 100. This gave a first hint to Flynn that the IQ was changing over time. The revised versions are standardized on new samples and scored with respect to those samples only. The only way to compare the difficulty of two versions is to have a group of people take both tests. This confirms IQ gains over time.

The average rate of rise seems to be around three IQ points per decade. Today, children go to school for a longer time. They have also become more familiar with testing. It might therefore be expected that the biggest gains occur with school-related content, such as vocabulary, arithmetic or general information. Just the opposite is the case: abilities such as these have had small gains and occasional declines over the years. The largest changes appear on general intelligence factor loaded (g-loaded) tests such as Raven's Progressive Matrices, instead. For example, Dutch soldiers gained 21 points in only 30 years, or 7 points per decade, between 1952 and 1982.

Some studies focused on the distribution of scores have found that the Flynn effect mainly occurs with lower scores. However, Raven (2000) found that a lot of data must be re-interpreted with respect to the date of birth. Previously, this data had been interpreted to show that many abilities decrease when people get older. This data must now be interpreted to show that many abilities had in fact increased dramatically, as Flynn predicted. On many tests this occurs at all levels of ability. Two large samples of Spanish children were assessed with a 30-year gap. Comparison of the IQ distributions indicated that 

Some scientists believe these changes are very big. One of them is Ulric Neisser. In 1995 he was the head of a task force of the American Psychological Association, charged with writing a statement on where intelligence research was. He estimates that if American children of 1932 could take an IQ test normed in 1997 their average IQ would have been only about 80. In other words, half of the children in 1932 would be classified as having borderline mental retardation or worse in 1997. Looking at Ravens, Neisser estimates that if you extrapolate beyond the data, which shows a 21 point gain between 1952 and 1982, an even larger gain of 35 IQ points can be argued. Arthur Jensen warns that extrapolating beyond the data leads to results such as an IQ of minus 1000 for Aristotle (even assuming he would have scored 200 in his day).

Most of the time, the effect is associated with IQ rises. A similar effect has been found with increases in semantic and episodic memory.

Billy Graham

William Franklin Graham Jr. (November 7, 1918 – February 21, 2018), better known as Billy Graham, was an American Evangelical Christian minister and evangelist. He was a member of the Southern Baptist Convention. Graham is widely recognized as the one of the most important and most influential preachers of the twentieth century. He was a spiritual advisor to several U.S. presidents. Graham preached in person to more people than any other American preacher in recorded history. Until 2002, Graham's lifetime audience with radio and television broadcast was more than two billion people. Graham met every United States President since Harry S. Truman until his death. He received many honors including the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Graham was born on November 7, 1918, on a dairy farm near Charlotte, North Carolina. His mother and father Morrow Coffey and William Franklin Graham managed the farm. They were devout Christians and Graham's mother had a big influence on his faith. In 1933 Graham's father forced Graham and his sister Catherine to drink beer until they vomited. This made them hate alcohol for the rest of their lives. The Billy Graham Center says Graham was converted in 1934 during a revival meeting in Charlotte led by local evangelist Mordecai Ham. In Graham's part of Christianity, "conversion" means having a big faith experience, not changing from one religion to a different religion. However, he did not become a member of a local youth group because he was "too worldly." After graduating from Sharon High School in May 1936 Graham went to Bob Jones College (now called Bob Jones University).

In his first year of college, he found both the schoolwork and rules too hard. As a result, he almost had to leave school, but Bob Jones, Sr., the founder of the college, said that in doing that, he would throw his life away. He told Graham, "At best, all you could amount to would be a poor country Baptist preacher somewhere out in the sticks... You have a voice that pulls. God can use that voice of yours. He can use it mightily."

While he was at college, Graham would often take a canoe to a little island in the river. On that island he would preach to the birds, alligators, and cypress stumps. In 1937, Graham transferred to the Florida Bible Institute (now Trinity College of Florida) where the Florida College in Temple Terrace, Florida now stands. Graham later transferred to Wheaton College and in 1943, graduated from Wheaton in Illinois with a degree in anthropology. While he was at Wheaton College, Graham decided to take the Bible as the perfect Word of God. He accepted this as truth at the Forest Home Christian camp (now called "Forest Home Ministries"), southeast of the Big Bear area in Southern California. A memorial is there showing where Graham first made this choice.

In 1946, Graham married a girl who was in a class with him, Ruth Bell. Her parents were Presbyterian missionaries in China. Her father, L. Nelson Bell, worked as a surgeon there. When talking about Bell, Graham said "She looked at me and our eyes met and I felt that she was definitely the woman I wanted to marry." Ruth said that he wanted to please God more than any man she had ever met. They married two months after they graduated from college. After marriage, they lived in a log cabin that she had made. Ruth died on June 14, 2007, at age 87. They had five children together: Virginia (Gigi) Graham Foreman; Anne Graham Lotz; Ruth Dienert; Franklin Graham, and Ned Graham. They also had 19 grandchildren and 28 great-grandchildren.

Graham became a Southern Baptist minister in 1939. Then he took over and organized financing of the radio program "Songs in the Night". Afterwards, he made the baritone, George Beverly Shea director of music in his ministry. The program went well, but Graham left it in 1945. He wished to be a chaplain in the armed forces, but after trying to get in, he came down with mumps, so he had to not enlist. After some time, he recovered in Florida. Then he started Youth for Christ with evangelist Charles Templeton. He traveled all through the United States and Europe as an evangelist.

Graham held many revival meetings in Los Angeles in 1949. These revivals are thought to be the time when Graham became a national religious figure. This is because he got help from the powerful newspaper man William Randolph Hearst. Many people believe that Hearst liked Graham for his love of his country. It is also believed that he may have thought that Graham could help with his conservative, anti-communist views. Hearst sent a telegram to his newspaper editors reading "Puff Graham" during Graham's late 1949 Los Angeles crusade. Therefore, one could read much more about Graham now in Hearst's newspaper chain and national magazines. That meant that his crusade event could run for eight full weeks — five weeks longer than planned. Henry Luce put Graham on the cover of "Time magazine" in 1954.

Graham had missions in both London and the Madison Square Garden in 1957. The London mission lasted 12 weeks and the New York mission was about 16 weeks. He also led his first crusade in Australia in 1959.

Graham was the president of Northwestern College in Minnesota from 1948 to 1952. He began many organizations, such as the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. He also spoke against racial segregation during the 1960s. Graham did not want to speak to segregated auditoriums. He even once tore down ropes that had been put up to split the audience. Graham paid bail money to get Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. out of jail. That was during the 1960s American Civil Rights Movement. He asked King to join him in the pulpit at the revival meeting at New York City in 1957. During that 16-week tour, he was heard by many people, who came to hear him at Madison Square Garden, Yankee Stadium and the Times Square. Because they became good friends, Graham was one of the few white people King let call him by his birth name "Michael".

During the Cold War, Graham was the first evangelist to speak behind the Iron Curtain. During the Apartheid times, Graham would not go to South Africa until the government let all people sit together. He finally preached his first crusade there in 1973, during which he taught that apartheid was not right.

Graham went to China, where his wife Ruth was born. He also appeared in North Korea in 1992. On September 14, 2001, shortly after the September 11 attacks, Graham led prayer at the Washington National Cathedral. President George W. Bush went to this service. On June 24, 2005, he began what he said would be his last North American crusade. On the weekend of March 11 and March 12, 2006 Graham held the "Festival of Hope". It was held in New Orleans, which was recovering from Hurricane Katrina.

Graham said that he had to retire because of his failing health. He had had Parkinson's disease for about 15 years, as well as many other problems. In August 2005, though weak, he used a walker to go to at the start of his library in Charlotte, North Carolina. On August 18, 2007, Graham, aged 88, was treated for intestinal bleeding.

Graham preached Christianity to nearly 215 million people in more than 185 countries and territories. He also preached to hundreds of millions more through television, videos, movie, and webcasts. He went to over 41 evangelistic crusades. He began this ministry in 1947, and kept doing it until recently. He would often use a big area, such as a stadium, park, or a large street to speak at. Groups of up to 5,000 people would often sing in choir at his meetings. Graham would preach the gospel and then invite people to come forward. In 1992, one-quarter of the 155,000 in his Moscow audience came for salvation upon his request.

Graham died on February 21, 2018, at his home in Montreat, North Carolina, at the age of 99, 259 days before his 100th birthday.

In politics, Graham was a member of the Democratic Party, but changed to Republican during the presidency of his friend Richard Nixon. Though he did not support people running on politics in general, he gave his support in some cases over the years.

Graham met every United States President from Harry Truman to Donald Trump. He became close friends with Vice-President Richard Nixon while on a golf course. Dwight D. Eisenhower asked to see Graham while on his deathbed. Graham also worked with Lyndon B. Johnson, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton, the Bush family, and Barack Obama when he visited Rev. Graham at his home in Montreat, North Carolina where they “had a private prayer.”

Graham played golf with John F. Kennedy, even though Kennedy was a Roman Catholic. Graham spent the last night of Johnson's presidency in the White House. He was also there for the first night of Nixon's. Nixon appeared at one of Graham's revivals in East Tennessee in 1970. It had one of the biggest crowds ever to gather in Tennessee. However, their friendship got weaker because Graham did not approve of Nixon's post-Watergate behavior. They became better friends again. Graham said at that time, "I'm out of politics."

When Graham went to the hospital in 1976, three Presidents called in one day to wish him well: former President Nixon, President Ford, and President-Elect Carter. He was at the start of Reagan's presidency, and gave the speech at George H.W. Bush's presidency. Bill Clinton went to one of Graham's New York revivals in 2005. He also said that he had gone to Graham's revival as a boy in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1959.

Graham spoke at many funerals over the years, but he was unable to do Reagan's on June 11, 2004, because of recent hip surgery. Graham had been Reagan's first choice. Bad health also kept Graham from doing the funeral of President Gerald R. Ford in Washington D.C., on January 2, 2007.

Graham spoke against communism. He was in favor of the U.S. Cold War policy, including the Vietnam War. However, in a 1999 speech, he talked about his relationship with the late North Korean dictator Kim Il-Sung. He said that he was a "different kind of communist" and "one of the great fighters for freedom in his country against the Japanese." Graham went on to say that even though he had never met Kim's son and former North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il, he had "exchanged gifts with him." Graham gave a globe covered with doves to the "North Korean Friendship Museum".

In 1994, the people read in the diaries of H. R. Haldeman that Graham had talked with President Nixon about "Jewish domination of the media". (H. R. Haldeman worked with Richard Nixon at the White House). Because what Haldeman had written was different from things that Graham usually said in public, most Jewish groups did not really believe it. Graham released a statement that he never spoke "publicly or privately about the Jewish people, including conversations with President Nixon, except in the most positive terms." He said, "Those are not my words." In 2002, however, "Richard Nixon tapes" showed that Graham had talked about it, in the 1970s. This was like Haldeman had written. On the tapes, Graham agreed with Nixon that Jews had control over the American media. He called it a "stranglehold" in 1972. Graham said "This stranglehold has got to be broken or the country's going down the drain." When the videotapes were released, Graham said he was sorry for his remarks, saying, "although I have no memory of the occasion, I deeply regret comments I apparently made ... They do not reflect my views, and I sincerely apologize for any offense caused by the remarks." He also said that "If it wasn't on tape, I would not have believed it. I guess I was trying to please... I went to a meeting with Jewish leaders and I told them I would crawl to them to ask their forgiveness."

In 1970, Graham said feminism was part of a society with fewer rules and that women did not want to compete with men. He also said that a women should be a wife, mother, and homemaker. This idea of the role of women was published in the "Ladies' Home Journal". Many people sent letters of protest. The magazine added a section called "The New Feminism" after a sit-in protest at the "Journal".

Graham was never alone with any woman except his wife. This was called the Billy Graham rule.

Billy's daughter Bunny said that her father did not allow her and her sisters higher education.

Between 1950 and 1990, Graham appeared many times on "Gallup's list of most admired people". The United States Postal Service has said that he is one of the few Americans, along with the current President, who can get mail that simply says his name and country: "Billy Graham, America". He received the "Congressional Gold Medal" from the United States Congress and the "Presidential Medal of Freedom" from Reagan, America's highest civilian honors. President Bill Clinton and former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole gave Graham the "Congressional Gold Medal" at a ceremony in Washington D.C., in 1996. The George Washington Carver Memorial Institute has honoured his work to help make better relationships between people of different races.

In 1971, Graham's hometown of "Charlotte" held a "Billy Graham Day", to which President Richard Nixon came. On May 30, 1999, Graham was invited to speak right before the Indianapolis 500. On May 31, 2007, the $27 million "Billy Graham Library" was officially started in Charlotte. Former Presidents Jimmy Carter, George H. W. Bush, and Bill Clinton came. In 1990, the band "The Swirling Eddies" gave homage to Graham with its song "Billy Graham" on the album "Outdoor Elvis".

Graham got the "Big Brother of the Year Award" for his work on behalf of children. He also got the "Templeton Foundation Prize for Progress in Religion" and the "Sylvanus Thayer Award" for his commitment to "Duty, Honor, and Country." The "Billy Graham Children's Health Center" in Asheville is named after him. There is a special chair named after him at the Southern Baptist Samford University; the "Billy Graham Chair of Evangelism and Church Growth."


Daubechies wavelet

Daubechies wavelets are a family of orthogonal wavelets named after Belgian physicist and mathematician Ingrid Daubechies. They are used in discrete wavelet transform. Because they are fairly easy to model, they are often used for digital signal processing and wavelet compression. For each wavelet function, there are two finite series of real numbers. These act as a digital filter. Each filter is made in such a way that a signal that is at a right angle to the filter will disappear. Ingrid Daubechies also defined another class of filters she called "biorthogonal". These are no longer at a right angle to the signal, but they are symmetric.


Straight pool

Straight pool, also called 14.1 continuous or simply 14.1, is a pocket billiards (pool) game. It was the common sport of championship competition until faster-playing games like nine-ball and to a lesser extent became more popular. This is the game from the history of pool. The game was especially popular in the United States, and was the subject of the classic 1961 film "The Hustler".

In straight pool, the person shooting may attempt to pocket any ball on the table. The aim of the game is to reach a set number of points. The amount of points needed to win is agreed to before the game. One point is scored for each ball pocketed legally (that is, without a foul). A typical game might require a player to score 100 points. This means that at least 100 balls must be pocketed to win. In professional competition, straight pool is usually played to 150 points. Straight pool is a call-pocket game. This means that the player must call what pocket they mean to sink the ball into on every shot. It does not matter how balls reach the pocket (Hole) . As long as no foul is involved, and the balls goes into the pocket that is called, a point is scored. 

Straight pool is well known in the United States, Europe, Japan and the Philippines, but the game has become more elsewhere. Probably the all-time greatest player (by professional statistics), Willie Mosconi, held the record high run, of 526 balls, which stood for 65 years until beaten by John Schmidt, who scored 626 points in a 2019 attempt to break Mosconi's record.
In the first rack in straight pool (when you place all the balls together before the break), the fifteen object balls (the colored balls) are racked in a triangular frame, usually made from aluminum, wood, or plastic. The center of the ball at the top of the rack is placed over the a spot on the table called the foot spot. Traditionally, the 1 ball is placed at the rack's right corner, and the 5 ball is placed at the rack's left corner. Other balls are placed randomly. All the balls must touch their neighbors. However, it is considered a courtesy by some players to place a striped ball at the front of the rack. This is because the break is very important and it is believed that a striped ball is easier to hit very precisely.

In most pool games, pocketing a ball and spreading the balls is the aim on the break. Straight pool is different. In it, the goal on the first break shot is to leave the opponent with a "safety". A safety means a situation where they opponent has no good shot. The reason for this is because the call-pocket rule—the rule discussed earlier requiring the player to call the ball they intend to pocket—"includes" the break shot. For that reason, if you break the balls hard, and even if you pocket many balls, you will not be able to go again unless you called one of those balls in a pocket and it goes into that pocket.

To perform a legal break, either a ball must be pocketed in a called pocket or the cue ball and at least two additional colored balls must touch rails. If you do not succeed at one of these two options, the shot is a foul. A foul on the first break results in a special penalty of a loss of 2 points. In addition, the opponent has the choice of either accepting the table as it was left, or of having the balls re-racked and requiring the person who fouled on the break to repeat it. 

All other fouls during the game have a penalty of a one point deduction. This includes fouling on an "intragame" rack (a rack after the first rack, which are discussed later). However, a third foul "in a row" at any time in a straight pool game results in a loss of 15 points. When applying this rule, a foul on the initial break, though it is a loss of two points, is not counted as two fouls. The 15 point deduction is in addition to the one point loss for each foul. Thus, the first two fouls are a loss of one point each, and the third foul in a row is a loss of 16 points: 1 point for the foul, and 15 points for it being the third foul in a row.

"Intragame racks" refers to all racks after the first rack. As noted previously, straight pool is played to a specific number of points, normally far more than the 15 total points that can be made in the first rack. For this reason, multiple intragame racks are necessary. Intragame racking employs a separate set of rules from those in place at the game's start on the first rack.

To reach the point in time when an intragame rack is needed, the balls are played until only the cue ball and only one object ball remain on the table's surface. At that time, if neither the cue ball or the fifteenth object ball remains in the rack area (or is interfering with racking in the rack area) the fourteen pocketed object balls are racked with no ball placed at the top of the rack, and the rack is placed so that "if the top ball were in the rack", its center would be placed over the table's foot spot. Play then continues with the cue ball shot from where it rested, and the fifteenth, non-racked object ball from where it rested prior to racking. 

The name "14.1 continuous" is named after this racking method. That is, that fourteen (14) racked object balls and one (.1) separate colored ball are left at the end of each intragame rack. The shooter will then normally try to pocket the unracked fifteenth colored ball, and at the same time have the cue ball smash into the fourteen racked balls, spreading them so that later shots are available, and the player continue at the table.

A number of rules detail what must be done when one or both of the cue ball and fifteenth object ball are either in the rack area at the time an intragame rack is neeeded, or are so close to the intragame racking area, that the racking of the 14 balls cannot be done without moving one of them. The rules also vary depending on whether the cue ball or fifteenth object ball are resting on the table's head spot. These rules are shown on the following chart. Note that in the chart the use of the word kitchen refers to the area behind the table's head string.


General intelligence factor

The general intelligence factor, often shortened to g, is a construct from psychology. It is the common factor in intelligence tests. It is the result of measuring intelligence in different ways.

Charles Spearman, an early statistician and psychologist, found that school children's grades across unrelated subjects were strongly related to each other. That is to say, children who were good at one area (such as reading) were also good in another area (such as math). He then proposed that these relationships reflected the influence of a dominant factor, which he called "g" for "general" intelligence. He developed a model where all variation in intelligence test scores can be explained by two factors. The first is the factor specific to an individual mental task: the individual abilities that would make a person more skilled at one cognitive task than another. The second is "g", a general factor that governs performance on all cognitive tasks.

After 120 years of cognitive testing, "g"s central role is still a meaningful measure. Other models have also been proposed, and there is significant controversy about "g" and its alternatives.

White-tailed spider

The White-tailed spider is a "Lampona murina". It is in the Lamponidae family. The female is 16 mm long in body length while the male is only 12 mm long in body length. Their habitat includes houses usually in crevices and sheds. It eats other spiders but the black house spider is its main meal. They like to come out at night. When this spider bites a human, it could cause necrotising arachnidism.

Misa Telefoni Retzlaff

Misa Telefoni Retzlaff (born Hermann Theodor Retzlaff, 21 May 1952) is the Deputy Prime Minister of Samoa. He is of German-Samoan descent.

Retzlaff went to school at King's College in Auckland, New Zealand. He studied law at the University of Auckland. Then he went to Samoa to practice law. He was made Attorney-General of Samoa in 1986.

In February 2011 Telefoni said he was retiring from politics at the 2011 election.

Machine Shop Recordings

Machine Shop Marketing is a record label created by Linkin Park member Mike Shinoda. Currently the label has a contract with Skylar Grey and other artists.

U.S. Route 9

U.S. Route 9 is a United States highway in the states of Delaware, New Jersey, and New York. It goes from south to north. The road begins in Laurel, Delaware and ends in Champlain, New York, close to the United States-Canada border. The road passes through New York City and runs along the Jersey Shore. It is mentioned in several Bruce Springsteen songs.

Southampton Common

Southampton Common is a large open space. It is to the north of the city centre of Southampton, England.
It originally had a zoo (Southampton Zoo), but it was shut down due to animal welfare reasons.

Thomas Quasthoff

Thomas Quasthoff (born Hildesheim, Germany, 9 November 1959) is a German bass-baritone. He is thought of as one of the best singers of today. It was not easy for him to get a good musical education because of his physical disability. However, he has became one of the world’s finest singers of German song (Lieder) and he also sings a wide variety of styles including Baroque music, opera and jazz.

Quasthoff was born in Hildesheim, Germany. His mother had been taking the drug thalidomide during the pregnancy and this resulted in Thomas being born with physical handicaps. He has flipper-like hands and no arms, and he has very short legs.

Quasthoff wanted to study music at the conservatory, but he was not allowed to do so because there was a rule that every music student had to play the piano. It was impossible for Quasthoff to play an instrument because of his disability.

Quasthoff decided to study singing privately. After he had graduated from school he went to university to study law. He did not enjoy the subject, and after studying for three years he chose music as a career. At first he worked as a radio announcer. He got some experience in singing oratorio. Then, in 1988, he won the ARD International Music Competition in Munich. Many people, including Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, were very impressed with his singing. He became known as a Lieder singer. He first sang in America in 1995. He won many awards, including the Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Performance in 2000. It was for his performance together with the mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter of Mahler’s Des Knaben Wunderhorn. They were accompanied by the Berlin Philharmonic conducted by Claudio Abbado. He won prizes for his singing of songs by Schubert, Brahms and Liszt, and Bach Cantatas. 

Quasthoff teaches singing at the Hanns Eisler School of Music in Berlin. He is "artist in residence" at the Barbican Hall, London. A series called "Die Stimme" (The Voice) was made to celebrate his 50th birthday. It was also the title of his autobiography which was published in 2006.

In 2006 he married. His wife is a television journalist. The couple have a daughter and they live in Berlin.


Humanitarianism

Humanitarianism is a way of behaving out of kindness to other people. Someone who is a humanitarian is a person who helps to improve the lives of other people without thinking about their race, belief or nationality.

Humanitarianism is not the same thing as Humanism which is about not believing in a god. 

A good example of Humanitarianism is the well-known story from the New Testament about the Good Samaritan who goes to help the poor man who has been robbed.

Humanitarianism also means basic morality indispensable for human being. There are international laws called "international humanitarian laws" considered to created out of humanitarianism of this mean. Among them, Geneva Conventions on the matter made at the time of wars are well known.


Tony Atlas

Anthony White (born April 23, 1954) is an American professional wrestler, bodybuilder and powerlifter. He wrestled for numerous wrestling companies in his career. He most notably competed for NWA, WCW and WWF/E. He most recently appeared as an on screen manager and co-host of "The Abraham Washington Show" for WWE, on their now-defunct ECW brand. Atlas is also known as Mr. USA, a title which he earned three times when he was a body builder. He was also known by the names the "Black Superman" ans his alter ego named Saba Simba. Atlas said in an interview that the Saba Simba character saved his life when he was homeless and living on a park bench before he got a phone call from Vince McMahon. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006.


Lester B. Pearson

Lester Bowles "Mike" Pearson (April 23, 1897 – December 27, 1972) was the 14th Prime Minister of Canada from 1963 to 1968. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1957 for organizing the first peacekeeping force.

As Prime Minister, Pearson's government created universal health care and the Canada Pension Plan. They also created the Canada Student Loan Program, the Order of Canada, and changed the flag of Canada to the one with maple leaves. Pearson kept Canada from fighting in the Vietnam War and "de facto" stopped capital punishment from being used in Canada. Many people think he is one of the most important Canadians of the 20th century.

Pearson was born in Newtonbrook, Ontario, the son of Edwin Arthur Pearson, a Methodist minister and Anne Sarah Bowles. He went to the University of Toronto and Oxford University. Pearson was ambassador to the United States and the United Nations. He played for the Oxford University Ice Hockey Club while on a scholarship at Oxford University.

Pearson entered politics in 1948, as Minister of External Affairs in the Liberal government of Louis St. Laurent. He became leader of the Liberal Party in 1958. He lost two elections as leader, until winning a third to become Prime Minister in 1963. His government brought in social programs and new standards for workers. Pearson signed the Canada-United States Automotive Agreement, also called the Auto Pact. He retired in 1968. The next Prime Minister was Pierre Trudeau.

Pearson died from liver cancer in Ottawa, Canada, aged 75.

Red-bellied black snake

The red-bellied black snake is a dangerous snake species found in Australia. It is a red bellied snake, and black on top, hence the name. It lives mainly on the east coast of Australia, close to a source of water. They can grow up to 1.5 metres in length. This snake usually gives birth to about 20 live snakes at one time.
The bite of a red-bellied black snake is very dangerous and requires immediate medical attention.

The red-bellied black snake's diet is mostly frogs. They also eat reptiles and small mammals. They also eat other snakes, even those of their own species.

Fun with Dick and Jane (2005 movie)

Fun with Dick and Jane is the 2005 American criminal comedy remake of Fun with Dick and Jane (1977) starring Jim Carrey, Téa Leoni, Alec Baldwin and Richard Jenkins. Despite receiving mostly negative reviews from critics, the movie did well at the box office making a worldwide total of $202 million, a weekend grossing only $30,383,515, but was able to eventually make eight times its opening weekend gross during the holiday season.



Luc Bourdon

Luc Bourdon (February 16, 1987 – May 29, 2008) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL) and their American Hockey League (AHL) partner, the Manitoba Moose, from 2006 until 2008. After having childhood arthritis, he was selected third overall in the 2003 Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) draft and played for the Val-d'Or Foreurs, Moncton Wildcats, and Cape Breton Screaming Eagles, playing four seasons in the QMJHL. The Canucks drafted Bourdon with their first selection, the tenth overall selection, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. Known as a strong defenceman who could help score goals, Bourdon represented Canada in three international tournaments, winning two gold medals at the IIHF World U20 Championship and a silver medal at the IIHF World U18 Championship. Bourdon died at the age of 21 near his hometown of Shippagan, New Brunswick, when his motorcycle collided with a tractor trailer.


Liu Xiang

Liu Xiang (born July 13, 1983) is a Chinese hurdling athlete. He is 189 cm tall and weighs 74 kg. He is an Olympic gold medal winner. Liu broke the World Junior and Asian record for hurdles in 2002.

Yoshiaki Sato

Sato was born in Osaka Prefecture on June 19, 1969. After graduating from Doshisha University, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 1992. However he did not play in the match. In 1994, he moved to Urawa Reds and debuted in J1 League. However he lost opportunity to play in 1995. In July 1995, he moved to Japan Football League club Kyoto Purple Sanga. The club won the 2nd place in 1995 and was promoted to J1 League from 1996. He retired end of 1996 season.

On May 22, 1994, Sato debuted for the Japan national team against Australia.

47||13||3||1||5||1||55||15
47||13||3||1||5||1||55||15

!Total||1||0

Giovani dos Santos

Giovani dos Santos (born 11 May 1989) is a Mexican former football player.

Dos Santos began his career with FC Barcelona B until he was 18 when he moved to the first team, FC Barcelona. He then moved to Tottenham Hotspur in summer 2008. He was then sent on loan to Ipswich Town F.C. in 2009, then to Galatasaray S.K. in 2010, Racing Santander in 2011, R.C.D. Mallorca in 2012, Villarreal in 2014, and LA Galaxy in 2015.


América

Mexico U17

Mexico U23

Mexico

Individual

Yugoslav First League

Yugoslav First League is a former football league which was top division in Yugoslavia.

Johan Vonlanthen

Johan Vonlanthen (born 1 February 1986) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Zürich and Switzerland national team.

37||6
61||12
9||0
84||11
191||29

!Total||40||7

John Aloisi

John Aloisi (born 5 February 1976) is a former Australian soccer player.

Adelaide City

Osasuna
Central Coast Mariners

Sydney FC

Australia

Individual

Western United

Masakazu Washida

Masakazu Washida (born 15 November 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ryukyu.

255||8||11||0||10||0||276||8
255||8||11||0||10||0||276||8

Drosophila

Drosophila is a genus of small flies, belonging to the family Drosophilidae They are often called called fruit flies, vinegar flies or wine flies. Many species linger around overripe or rotting fruit.

There are many species in this genus, and the genus is split down into sub-genera. The adults may feed on nectar, and may lay their eggs on or near decaying fruit. The details differ greatly from species to species.

Their distribution is world-wide. In Britain alone more than 5000 species have been recorded. The largest number of species is in the Hawaiian Islands.

Several species of "Drosophila" (in particular, "D. melanogaster") were used in genetics research. It is a common model organism in developmental biology. The genus has more than 1,500 species, and has varied appearance, behaviour, and breeding habitats. Other species which have been widely investigated include "D. pseudoobscura" (used by Dobzhansky in field research) and "D. subobscura", used in the UK as a laboratory "Drosophila".

Sturtevant at one time had 42 species of "Drosophila" in his lab for examination.

"Drosophila" vary widely in their reproductive capacity. Those such as "D. melanogaster" that breed in large, scarce resources have ovaries that mature 10–20 eggs at a time, and can be laid together in one place. Others, which breed in common but less nutritious places (such as leaves), may only lay one egg each day.

The eggs have one or more respiratory filaments near the front end; the tips of these extend above the surface and allow oxygen to reach the embryo. Larvae feed not on vegetable matter but on the yeasts and microorganisms present on the decaying surface of leaves or fruits. Development time varies widely between species (between seven and more than 60 days) and depends on factors such as temperature, breeding substrate, and crowding.

"Drosophila" has a number of close relatives, and some may actually be within its genus.


Masatoshi Matsuda

Masatoshi Matsuda (born 4 September 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Blaublitz Akita.

151||52||14||10||5||1||170||63
151||52||14||10||5||1||170||63

Anderson (footballer, born 1988)

Anderson Luís de Abreu Oliveira (born 13 April 1988), commonly known as Anderson, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who works as assistant manager of Adana Demirspor.

Grêmio

Porto

Manchester United

Internacional
Brazil U17


Brazil U23

Brazil

Individual

Gabriel Fernández

Gabriel Fernández (born 10 July 1983) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Real Zaragoza.

157||7
157||7

Kyohei Yamagata

Kyohei Yamagata (born 7 September 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

134||20||3||1||6||0||143||21
134||20||3||1||6||0||143||21

Tatsunori Yamagata

Tatsunori Yamagata (born 4 October 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Avispa Fukuoka.

155||1||7||0||4||0||166||2
12||1||||||||||12||1
167||2||7||0||4||0||178||3

Urby Emanuelson

Urby Vitorrio Diego Emanuelson (born 16 June 1986) is a Dutch former professional footballer. He is the currently assistant trainer of Jong Ajax.

Tetsuya Okayama

Tetsuya Okayama (born 27 August 1973 in Nagoya, Aichi) is a former Japanese football player. He played midfielder. The last team he played for before retirement was Albirex Niigata. He then became the coach of Nagoya Grampus Eight.

306||54||25||7||70||14||401||75
30||9||1||0||0||0||31||9
336||63||26||7||70||14||432||84

Kisho Yano

Yano was born in Hamamatsu on April 5, 1984. After graduating from Hamana High School, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2003. He played as substitute forward from first season. Although his opportunity to play increased late from summer 2005, Reysol was relegated to J2 League end of 2005 season. In 2006, he was transferred to Albirex Niigata with teammate Mitsuru Nagata. He quickly established himself as a first-choice forward. Although his play style was a tall center forward, he was converted to right winger of three forwards in 2009 because Niigata gain same style forward Hideo Oshima. In August 2010, Yano was transferred to German Bundesliga club Freiburg. After an unsuccessful stint in Europe, he returned to Japan and signed for Niigata in February 2012. Although he initially played as regular forward, he lost his position and he played many matches as substitute forward from June. The club results were also sluggish and finished at the 15th place of 18 clubs in 2012 season. In 2013, Yano moved to Nagoya Grampus. Although he initially played as center forward instead Joshua Kennedy who was injured, Kennedy came back in May and Yano played many matches as substitute forward. In 2014, Yano was converted to right side back by new manager Akira Nishino and became a regular player as right side back. Although he played as regular player every season, Nagoya finished at the 16th place of 18 clubs in 2016 season and was relegated to J2 League. In 2017, Yano re-joined Albirex Niigata for the first time in four years. Although he played many matches as right side back, Niigata was relegated to J2 end of 2017 season. He was returned to his original position forward by new manager Masakazu Suzuki in 2018. In 2020, he moved to Tochigi SC.

On March 24, 2007, Yano debuted for the Japan national team against Peru. He was a member of the Japan team for the 2007 Asian Cup and played two games as a substitute. In 2010. he was selected the Japan for 2010 World Cup. At the World Cup, he played one match as substitute against Cameroon. This match is his last match for Japan. He played 19 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2010.

466||59||21||6||49||5||536||70
15||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||15||0
481||59||21||6||49||5||551||70

!Total||19||2

Tomohiro Wanami

Tomohiro Wanami (born 27 April 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

228||11||15||1||5||1||248||13
228||11||15||1||5||1||248||13

Takeshi Watanabe

Watanabe was born in Fujieda on September 10, 1972. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined Kashiwa Reysol in 1995. He played as regular player from first season. The club won the champions at 1999 J.League Cup. At the final, he scored a tie goal in the 89th minute and he was selected MVP award. The club also won the 3rd place in 1999 and 2000 J1 League. He retired end of 2004 season.

On August 13, 1997, Watanabe debuted for the Japan national team against Brazil.

281||17||18||0||56||5||355||22
281||17||18||0||56||5||355||22

!Total||1||0

Tetsuya Yamazaki

Tetsuya Yamazaki (born 25 July 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

139||4||9||1||24||0||172||5
139||4||9||1||24||0||172||5

Takaaki Tokushige

Takaaki Tokushige (born 18 February 1975) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tokushima Vortis.

364||95||22||11||17||3||403||109
364||95||22||11||17||3||403||109

Vasily Jakovlevich Zinger

Vasily Jakovlevich Zinger () (February 11, 1836, Moscow, Russia – March 2, 1907, Moscow, Russia) was a Russian mathematician. Не worked in Moscow University and was the head of the Society of Moscow mathematicians (1886 – 1891).

He was also a botanist and philosopher.

"Zingeria" of the Poaceae was named in honour of Vasily Zinger.

1967–68 NHL season

The 1967–68 NHL season was the 51st season of the National Hockey League. Twelve teams each played 74 games. The Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup against the new St. Louis Blues.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; EN = Empty Net Goals Against; SO = Shutouts"



West Division (NHL)

The West Division of the National Hockey League existed from 1967, when the NHL was made up of a single division, until 1974 when the league changed its format into two conferences of two divisions each.


"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"



East Division (NHL)

The East Division of the National Hockey League existed from 1967, when the NHL was made up of a single division, until 1974 when the league changed its format into two conferences of two divisions each.


"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

As the East Division was composed of the Original Six franchises, these teams had a competitive advantage over the West Division teams for several years.


Acrelândia

Acrelândia is a municipality in the northwest part of the Brazilian state Acre.

Acrelândia was the first planned city in Acre. It became a municipality according to the Law 1025/92 as of April 28, 1992. The municipality was created from the separation of Plácido de Castro and Senador Guiomard municipalities. It was known through the slogan "" ("Acre's Little Princess"). This made it reach a great agricultural development. Many people moved there from the Brazilian south-central region.

There are 11,520 people in Acrelândia. It covers 1,575 km² in area (7,3 people/km²). It is next to Amazonas to the north, Rondônia to the east, Senador Guiomard to the west and Bolivia to the south.

Saint Alban

Sant Alban was the first British Christian martyr. He was a Roman soldier who converted to Christianity. His home town of Verulamium is now is named St Albans after him. 

A priest was being chased by the Romans and Alban swapped clothes with the priest so he could escape. When they found out, the Romans ordered Alban to be killed. As he was a fine soldier, he was allowed to be beheaded by the sword than by the axe, because it was more honourable. When they cut off St. Alban's head, the executioner's eyes fell out into his hand, and he was blinded. 

The bones of Alban were kept in a shrine in St Albans Abbey. They were stolen during the 19th century.

Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo

Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo SDB, GCL (born February 3, 1948) is a Roman Catholic bishop. Together with José Ramos-Horta, they both received 1996 Nobel Peace Prize, for their work "towards a just and peaceful solution to the conflict in East Timor." 

Pope Innocent VIII

Pope Innocent VIII (; 1432 – July 25, 1492), born Giovanni Battista Cibo, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 214th Pope from 1484 until his death.

Giovanni Battista Cibo was born at Genoa

In Rome he became a priest in service of Cardinal Calandrini who was half-brother to Pope Nicholas V.

Pope Paul II made Cibo the Bishop of Savona in 1467. He was made Bishop of Molfetta in 1472.

In 1473, Pope Sixtus IV raised Cibo to the rank of cardinal.

Cardinal Cibo was elected pope on August 29, 1484; and he chose to be called Innocent VIII.

Pope Innocent was involved in Italian and European political disputes.




Lō'ihi Seamount

Lō'ihi Seamount, also known as Loihi or Lōihi, is an submarine volcano (seamount) in the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain. It lies in the Pacific Ocean south of the island of Hawaii. 

Lōihi is an active volcano.

In 1995, the United States Board on Geographic Names (BGN) changed a longtime policy and is now using the Hawaiian okina and kahakō in the Geographic Names Information System (GNIS). After 1995, Loihi seamount was officially identified as Lōʻihi.

Lōihi seamount is 32 miles from the peak of Mauna Loa. This small volcano is in on the slopes of the larger and older one. Lōihi Seamount is over 3,000 meters above the sea floor. It is as tall as the volcano Mount St Helens was before it erupted. 

In 2012, the top of this volcano is one kilometer below the sea,

Lōihi is predicted to grow until it is an island, thousands of years from now.

Mark Knopfler

Mark Freuder Knopfler (born 12 August 1949 in Glasgow) is a British guitarist, singer, songwriter, record producer and film score composer.

Knopfler is best known as the founder of the British rock band Dire Straits which formed 1977. After Dire Straits disbanded in 1995, Knopfler continued to record and produce albums as a solo artist and has played in other groups including The Notting Hillbillies. Knopfler has worked with many other music artists such as: Bob Dylan,Eric Clapton and Chet Atkins.

Knopfler is a respected finger-style guitarist and was ranked #27 on Rolling Stone Magazine's list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time."

Mark Knopfler and Dire Straits have sold in excess of 120 million albums.

Knopfler was born to an English mother and Jewish Hungarian father. Knopfler moved to Blyth, Northumberland at age seven. He has a brother, David Knopfler (born 1952) who has also been a member of Dire Straits.


Vision of Ezra

Vision of Ezra is the name of an ancient apocryphal text, whose authorship is associated to "Ezra", the . The remaining manuscripts are written in Latin and date as of the 11th century, but researches say that the original document must have been written in Greek. Just like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra, the text shows a clearly Christian origin.


Chamba district

Chamba is the northwestern district of Himachal Pradesh state, in north Republic of India, with its headquarters in Chamba town. The towns of Dalhousie and Khajjhiar are popular hill stations and vacation spots for the people from the plains of northern India.


Bear worship

Bear worship (also known as the Bear Cult or Arctolatry) is the religious practice of the worshiping of bears. Many North American and North Eurasian ethnic arctic religions include the worship of bears in their beliefs. These include the Sámi, Nivkhs, Ainu, and pre-Christian Finns.

There are also a number of deities from Celtic Gaul and Britain similar to the bear. The bear is also featured on many totems throughout northern cultures that carve them. Bear worship may have been practiced as far back as the Middle Palaeolithic time period amongst Neanderthal societies.(Wunn, 2000, p. 434-435)


Chet Atkins

Chester Burton "Chet" Atkins (June 20, 1924 – June 30, 2001) was an American guitarist and record producer. He helped create a smooth country music style known as the "Nashville Sound."

His guitar picking style was inspired by Merle Travis, Django Reinhardt and Les Paul and brought him admirers both in the United States and internationally as well as earning him the nickname "Mister Guitar."

Chet Atkins produced records for Perry Como, Elvis Presley, the Everly Brothers, Eddy Arnold, Jim Reeves, Jerry Reed and Waylon Jennings along with many others.

Chet Atkins received many honors including 14 Grammy Awards as well as the "Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award." He won nine Country Music Association "Instrumentalist of the Year" awards, and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.

He died from cancer on June 30, 2001, at his home in Nashville, Tennessee.

In 2002, Atkins was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The following year, Atkins was ranked #28 in CMT's "40 Greatest Men of Country Music."

Merle Travis

Merle Robert Travis (November 29, 1917 – October 20, 1983) was an American country singer, songwriter and guitarist. He was born in Rosewood, Kentucky. Travis wrote many well-known songs including: "Sixteen Tons." Travis is best known for his masterful guitar playing style. The style of finger-picking known as "Travis picking" is named after him. He was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1977.

Clodovil Hernandes

Clodovil Hernandes (17 June 1937 – 17 March 2009) was a Brazilian fashion designer, television host and politician.

A designer in the '60s and '70s, he was invited to work in television, where he hosted numerous programs on several stations.

He launched congress election in 2006 and became the third most voted congressman in the country, with 493,951 votes or 2.43% of valid votes. Once, when he was asked about running in the municipal elections for São Paulo Mayor position, he changed the subject and did not answer the question.

He was known mainly for his controversial statements, deemed inappropriate or rude, often directed at other famous personalities. Among other problems, he was accused of racism and anti-Semitism.

Waylon Jennings

Waylon Arnold Jennings (June 15, 1937 – February 13, 2002) was an American country singer-songwriter and guitarist. Jennings first became famous as a member of Buddy Holly's backing band. On February 3, 1959, while playing shows with Holly, he gave up his airplane seat J. P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson. The airplane crashed after it took-off killing Richarson, Ritchie Valens and Buddy Holly. Jennings claimed that in the years afterward he felt severe guilt over the crash.

By the 1970s, Jennings had become associated with a country music scene known as outlaw country. Jennings recorded a series of albums with Willie Nelson in the late 1970s which increased the popularity of the outlaw country sound.

In 1979, he recorded the theme song for the television show The Dukes of Hazzard. Jennings also became the narrator of the show for all seven seasons.

In the 1980s he formed the group The Highwaymen along with Willie Nelson, Johnny Cash and Kris Kristofferson.

In 2001, he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.

On February 13, 2002, Waylon Jennings died in Chandler, Arizona from health complications due to diabetes.



Halo: Reach

Halo: Reach is a first-person shooter video game exclusively for the Xbox 360. It is the prequel to the "Halo" series, and it was released on September 14, 2010.

Firefight returned from Halo 3: ODST with the ability to play as Noble Six for all the maps with an equip-able voice.

FIFA 10

FIFA 10 (also known as FIFA Soccer 10 in North America) is video game in Electronic Arts' "FIFA" series of football video games. It was released for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Windows, PlayStation 2, and Wii.


NBA 2K10

NBA 2K10 is a basketball video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports. It was released on October 6, 2009 on Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PSP and on October 12, 2009 on PC. It was released on the Wii on November 9, 2009. Retired Lakers star Kobe Bryant is the cover athlete of the game. The game is the first PSP and Wii release of the "NBA 2K" series, and the first on a Nintendo system since "NBA 2K3" for the GameCube in 2002.


NBA Live 10

NBA Live 10 (also known as NBA Live 2010) is the 2009 installment in the "NBA Live" series developed and published by Electronic Arts. It was released on October 6, 2009.


Michael Grabner

Michael René Grabner (born October 5, 1987 in Villach, Austria) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey player who is with the New York Islanders, a team in the National Hockey League (NHL). Grabner plays right wing for the Islanders, a team he first joined in 2010 after being with the Vancouver Canucks, who selected him in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Before that, Grabner played for EC VSV, a team from Austria who play in the Austrian Hockey League, and the Manitoba Moose, who play in the American Hockey League. As well as those teams, Grabner played for the Spokane Chiefs, a junior team with the Western Hockey League. He is a fast skater who has a quick shot. His first game with the Canucks was on October 14, 2009, and scored his first goal with them on October 21. He was traded to the Florida Panthers, along with Steve Bernier and a first round draft pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft, on June 25, 2010 for Keith Ballard and Victor Oreskovich. When the Panthers tried to send Grabner to their AHL team, the Islanders claimed his rights.

Nuclear chain-reaction

A nuclear chain reaction is a nuclear reaction in which a heavy isotope atom such as uranium or plutonium splits and the neutrons released by the fissioning of that atom strike and split other heavy atoms which, as a result, hit others one after another after another. Chain reactions are the main way of getting nuclear energy. Power plants use a slow chain reaction to make steam. Fast reactions can make a nuclear explosion. Nuclear reactions make ionizing radiation that is harmful to life.

Dargai

Dargai is a big village in district Charsadda. It is the oldest village in the Charsadda District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Mr jehangir khan dagwal was first man, who shifted from dagbehsud and start living in dargai. later on more people also came and took shape of village. during Sikh invasion, Mr jehngir family faught with Sikhs but Sikh over powered and jehangir family ran to skhakot. when British took control and defeated Sikh, Mr jehngir khan family came back to dargai charsadda. Sikhs set on fire to the village and was completly burned. six tribes, the lodies ,Sipah, Dagwall, Khattak and Kashmiryans and Awan live in Dargai. this village people played very important role for freedom from British. 

Hillsong Church

Hillsong Church, commonly known as Hillsong, is a very large church in Sydney. According to the church, over 35,000 people attend services each week. It also has churches in Brisbane, London, Kiev, Cape Town, Stockholm, Paris, Moscow and New York City. The churches are pastored by senior pastor Brian Houston. Hillsong is also well known for their worship music CDs and DVDs.

Yoshi Tatsu

Naofumi Yamamoto (born August 1, 1977 in Gifu, Japan) is a Japanese professional wrestler and retired boxer. He is currently signed to All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) and is one-half of the All Asia Tag Team Champions with Atsushi Onita. He competes under the ring name Yoshitatsu which is a tweaked version of his former ring name. He is best known for his time working with New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) and the WWE. During his time in the WWE, he competed under the ring name Yoshi Tatsu. He has challenged Christian in the past for the ECW Championship and has also challenged for the Unified Tag Team Championship with Goldust but came up short in capturing the titles.

He traveled to Los Angeles and trained at the local NJPW dojo. He debuted for the promotion in a match against Wataru Inoue at the Korakuen Hall on October 12, 2002. He started out working on the lower card to gain experience. He lost to Ryusuke Taguchi on December 27, 2003 in a chance to compete at the January 4 Dome Show. He defeated Hirooki Goto, Aikya Anzawa, and Hiroshi Nagao in the 2004 Young Lion Cup and earned six points but it was not enough to qualify in the finals. Yamamoto also competed in the 2005 Young Lion Cup where he only won one match when he defeated Yujiro. In 2006, he competed in his first G1 Climax tournament but lost all four matches. He competed and teamed with Manabu Nakanishi in the 2006 G1 Tag League and they defeated Giant Bernard and Travis Tomko to earn their only win in the tournament. During the Summer of 2007, he teamed with Hiroshi Tanahashi in a team called "New Japan Dragons" in a number of matches. Yamamoto and Tanahashi challenged then-champions Bernard and Tomko for the IWGP Tag Team Championship but lost. His last match in NJPW was on November 2, 2007 where he teamed with Yuji Nagata against Tomohiro Ishii and Toru Yano but they lost the match.

Yamamoto joined the WWE in late 2007 and debuted for WWE's developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), where he was to undergo assessment and training in the "WWE Style" of wrestling which is different from the Japanese style. He first wrestled under the name, Mr. Yamamoto and then simply as Yamamoto. He also briefly teamed with Sheamus O'Shaunessy where they formed a tag team under the name, "The Movers and the Shakers". He later changed his ring name to Yoshitatsu and tweaked the spelling of it to Yoshi Tatsu, which is the name he currently wrestles under.

On June 30, 2009, Tatsu joined the ECW brand and debuted under the ring name, Yoshi Tatsu which he joined because of their new superstar initiative. In his first match on the brand that night he defeated Shelton Benjamin but he lost a rematch to Benjamin on the July 9 episode of ECW. On the October 20 episode of ECW, Tatsu was involved in a number one contender's match for the ECW Championship against Zack Ryder who he defeated to become the number one contender for the title. He was unable to win the championship the next week against Christian who was champion at the time.

On the December 22 edition of ECW, Tatsu had a match against Jack Swagger who he defeated to earn a spot in the ECW Homecoming battle royal where the winner would challenge Christian for the ECW title at the Royal Rumble. He didn't win the battle royal however and was eliminated by Kane. Tatsu competed in his first Royal Rumble but lost when he was eliminated John Cena. Tatsu also formed a tag team with Goldust and they became the number one contenders for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship but they lost in their championship match against The Miz and Big Show on which was the final episode of ECW on Syfy.

When the ECW brand was discontinued, Tatsu made his debut for the Raw brand on the February 22, 2010 edition of Raw, and teamed up with Evan Bourne and Kofi Kingston defeating The Legacy (Randy Orton, Ted DiBiase, and Cody Rhodes), after Orton turned on his tag team partners. Tatsu also competed in his first Wrestlemania where he won a 26-Man battle royal dark match which opened WrestleMania XXVI by last eliminating Zack Ryder. After that, Tatsu mainly appeared on WWE Superstars. In July 2010, Tatsu was involved in a few backstage brawls with The Nexus to try and help John Cena get rid of them, which he failed to do and got beaten down backstage. Tatsu then went to Japan to promote the new WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 video game along with Maryse and after months of not appearing on WWE television he returned on the November 11 episode of WWE Superstars where he defeated Zack Ryder. On the November 29 episode of Raw, Tatsu teamed with Mark Henry and defeated the WWE Tag Team Champions Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater, after a distraction by John Cena. A week later, Tatsu and Henry had received a shot at the titles in a Fatal-4-Way type Elimination Tag Team match, which also included The Usos and Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov but were the first ones eliminated. Tastu has since formed a team with former Nexus member Darren Young but lost twice on WWE Superstars to The Usos. Tatsu has been teaming with David Hart Smith on Superstars where they beat the team of Primo and Zack Ryder.

Yoshi Tatsu was announced as a pro for 5th season of NXT Redemption where he trained Byron Saxton who was a competitor on NXT season 4. On the April 26 episode of WWE NXT, Byron Saxton started a feud with Tatsu after he attacked him when Tatsu cost Saxton his match against Lucky Cannon. On the May 31 episode of WWE NXT, Saxton was the second rookie eliminated. After Edge was forced to retire due to a neck injury he gave up the World Heavyweight Championship and they had a 20-man battle royal to determine who the #1 contender was going to be to face Alberto Del Rio in a ladder match at Extreme Rules which Tatsu was a part of. Tatsu was eliminated by Christian. Tatsu also participated in a Smackdown vs. Raw battle royal during the 2011 WWE Draft but was eliminated by the Big Show.

Tatsu was drafted to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2011 Supplemental Draft on April 26. He appeared at Extreme Rules on May 1 at where he was a Lumberjack in the WWE Tag Team Championship match. On the June 3 edition of SmackDown, He made his debut for the brand in a losing effort against Jinder Mahal.<ref name="SD 6/3/11"></ref> After the match, Mahal instructed The Great Khali to attack Tatsu and apply the Vise Grip on him. On the July 26, 2011 episode of NXT, Tatsu defeated Tyson Kidd in the first Necklace on a Pole match.<ref name="NXT 7/26/2011"></ref> After the match Kidd brutally attacked the right leg of Tatsu and on the August 2nd edition of NXT, Kidd said that "there will be no more Yoshi Tatsu".

Tatsu made an appearance on the August 19 episode of SmackDown, where he competed in a 20-man Over The Top Rope Battle Royal to determine the No. 1 Contender for the World Heavyweight Championship. Tatsu was eliminated by the winner, Mark Henry. He returned to NXT on the September 6th episode and debuted a new dark look with a half face paint and a black ring attire. He stopped wearing the facepaint by October of 2011. He would go on to form an alliance with Trent Barreta and they feuded with Curt Hawkins and Tyler Reks. Tatsu competed on the January 27th edition of "Smackdown", teaming with Santino Marella in a losing effort to the WWE Tag Team Champions Primo and Epico. At the Royal Rumble, Tatsu defeated Heath Slater in the dark match.

Tatsu along with Percy Watson entered the NXT Tag Team Championship Tournament on the January 23, 2013 episode of NXT but they were eliminated in the first round by The Wyatt Family (Luke Harper and Erick Rowan). In 2013, he appeared mainly on "NXT". After being out of action for a while, Tatsu returned to "NXT" in a match against Corey Graves in March 2014 which Tatsu lost. Tatsu competed in the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal at WrestleMania XXX but he was eliminated by The Great Khali.

On June 12, 2014, Tatsu was released from his WWE contract.

On September 20, 2014, he debuted for Chikara in a match against Ashley Remington which he lost by disqualification due to outside interference from Juan Francisco de Coronado.

On October 13, 2014, at King of Pro-Wrestling, Yamamoto returned to New Japan Pro Wrestling. He attacked Jeff Jarrett when Jarrett had interfered in the main event match and, in doing so, he helped Hiroshi Tanahashi defeat A.J. Styles for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship.

Tatsu has also been featured in the video games King of Colosseum II, Wrestle Kingdom 2, WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011, WWE '12 and as a downloadable character in WWE '13. Tatsu was a part of Santino's Foreign Exchange with Santino Marella and even hosted a couple episodes.

Tatsu went to university at Kokushikan University in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan where he graduated with a degree in political studies. Tatsu is married and he has a child with them.



Long John Silver's

Long John Silver's is a fast food restaurant that sells mainly seafood. 

It was created in 1969 in Lexington, Kentucky. The name for the restaurant is named after Long John Silver from the novel Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson. They used to be a private owned company but they went bankrupt in 1998. 

Their parent company Yum! sold Long John Silver's to LJS Partners LLC and A&W Restaurants to A Great American Brand LLC in September 2011 to focus on expanding in China.

The restaurant chain has many restaurants world-wide.

Lost in Space Pull Backs

Yoshikiyo Kuboyama

Yoshikiyo Kuboyama (born 21 July 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

199||34||23||8||36||11||2||0||260||53
199||34||23||8||36||11||2||0||260||53

Koji Yoshimura

Koji Yoshimura (born 13 April 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

248||13||17||0||38||1||303||14
248||13||17||0||38||1||303||14

Jungo Kono

Jungo Kono (born 9 July 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

121||6||5||0||2||0||128||6
121||6||5||0||2||0||128||6

Superettan

Superettan is a men's football league. It is the second division in Sweden.


Dakota Wizards

The Dakota Wizards are an NBA Development League team based in Bismarck, North Dakota, United States.

Patrick Sharp

Patrick Sharp (born December 27, 1981) is a Canadian color commentator, studio analyst and former professional ice hockey centre. He played 3 seasons for the Philadelphia Flyers,11 seasons for the Chicago Blackhawks, and 2 seasons for the Dallas Stars. Sharp played college hockey with the University of Vermont's Catamounts.

On June 9, 2010, Sharp won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks contributing 11 goals and 11 assists in the playoffs. On June 24, 2013, He won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On July 10, 2015, the Blackhawks faced salary cap issues and they traded Sharp along with Stephen Johns to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Trevor Daley and Ryan Garbutt.

On July 1, 2017, Sharp signed a one-year contract to return to the Blackhawks. He retired at the end of the season.

On September 25, 2019, Sharp became a full-time studio analyst for NBC Sports Chicago. In 2021, he replaced Eddie Olczyk as the Blackhawks' TV color commentator for NBC Sports Chicago working on their telecasts alongside Troy Murray.


Desertification

Desertification is the expansion of desert into the surrounding areas. The desert area in the world is getting bigger. Desertification usually happens on the edge of deserts. It is caused by a variety of factors.

There are many causes of desert spreading:



Dwayne Johnson

Dwayne Douglas Johnson (born May 2, 1972), also known by his ring name the Rock, is an American actor and professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performed in the SmackDown brand as the member of the Bloodline. He is the Father of Leia Cardillo. He is best known for his work with the WWE.

Johnson was born on May 2, 1972 in Hayward, California. His father, WWE Hall of Fame Rocky Johnson, was of Black Nova Scotian and Irish descent and his mother is Samoan.

Johnson began his career as a football player. He played in the Canadian Football League. This only lasted a couple of months before he was let go. He then chose to become a professional wrestler like his father, Rocky Johnson, and grandfather, Peter Maivia. He began working for the WWF and became very well known. He is one of the most popular wrestlers ever. He has won 16 championships. These include both alone and in a tag team. He has also won the Royal Rumble. He was the sixth person to win the WWE "Triple Crown". This means he won all three of the main championships - the WWE Championship, the Intercontinental Championship, and the World Tag Team Championship. Johnson also has many nicknames to his Rock resume: “The Great One”, “The Most Electrifying Man in All of Entertainment/Sports Entertainment”, “The Brahma Bull”, “Rocky”, and “The People’s Champ/Champion”.

they want" and restarted the match as a no disqualification match. When the bell rang to start the rematch he hit the "Rock Bottom" on John Cena to let The Miz pin John Cena to keep his championship. After the match The Rock came back in the ring and hit the "People's Elbow" on The Miz to end the show. On the following "Raw", John Cena called out The Rock and challenged him to a match. The Rock accepted his challenge and said that if they are going to fight, they were going to do it at WrestleMania XXVII. The Corre came out after The Rock accepted and attacked both The Rock and Cena, Cena and The Rock fought back and beat The Corre. The Rock defeated Cena at WrestleMania XXVIII. The Rock defeated CM Punk at the 2013 Royal Rumble to win the WWE Championship for an eighth time. He returned in October to have a face-off with Rusev on "Raw".

On the September 15, 2023 episode of "SmackDown", The Rock made a return for the first time in four years. He interrupted a promo between Pat McAfee and Austin Theory. He ended up hitting Theory with The People's Elbow with McAfee also hitting one on Theory after.


Johnson as began acting in 1999. In 2004, he stopped wrestling so that he could focus on acting. During this time, he was in many movies. He was also a guest star in some television series. He usually played himself in these episodes. He played the Scorpion King in "The Mummy Returns" and "The Scorpion King". He was also in the movies "Race to Witch Mountain", "The Other Guys", "" and "G.I. Joe - Retaliation". He is set to play Shazam! villain Black Adam in the DC Extended Universe movies, staring with his own movie titled "Black Adam" in 2022.




Johnson is the son of professional wrestler Rocky Johnson. His mother is Samoan. His father is a Black Canadian from Nova Scotia. Because his father is Canadian, Johnson was given Canadian citizenship in 2009 through changes to the law.

In August 2020, Johnson revealed that he and his family were diagnosed with COVID-19 during the pandemic in the United States.


Shaquille O'Neal

Shaquille Rashaun "Shaq" O'Neal (born March 6, 1972 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American retired professional basketball player. He had a 19 year career in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Orlando Magic, Los Angeles Lakers, Miami Heat, Phoenix Suns, Cleveland Cavaliers and Boston Celtics. He is often considered one of the most well-known players in the history of the NBA. He stands at and weighs , making him one of the heaviest players to ever play in the NBA. He has recently gotten his jersey retired by the Orlando Magic, making him one of the only players to have 3 jerseys retired.

Before playing in the NBA, O'Neal played college basketball at Louisiana State University. Throughout his 18 year career, O'Neal has used his size and strength to help him play well. O'Neal won a scoring title, an MVP and three championships with the Los Angeles Lakers; he later won a championship with the Miami Heat. He first played for the Orlando Magic and later for the Phoenix Suns. O'Neal won a gold medal with the 1996 Dream Team. O'Neal is currently the oldest player in the NBA and is the only one of the 50 Greatest NBA players, as chosen in 1996, to still be playing in the NBA. He has scored the most points of anyone still in the NBA, and the fifth-most of any NBA player ever. He also one of the best shooters in the history of the NBA, and has led the league in that category ten times. He has been named All-NBA and an All-Star quite a few times. He retired from the NBA on June 1, 2011 and held a press conference on June 3, 2011 to officially announce his retirement. After Shaq's college career he had 1 child.

O'Neal has appeared in several films and music videos, often as himself. As an actor, O'Neal starred in movies such as Blue Chips and Kazaam.

As a rapper, he released five studio albums and 1 compilation album. His first album, Shaq Diesel, was released in 1993. It received platinum certification from the RIAA. He rapped on the song "2 Bad" on Michael Jackson's album "HIStory". He later performed three songs on the Kazaam soundtrack. O'Neal also rapped on Aaron Carter's 2001 hit single "That's How I Beat Shaq". 

He has hosted two TV shows, one where he helps kids lose weight and another where he competes against athletes from other sports. He made a fine career in Los Angeles teaming with Kobe Bryant.

O'Neal is a Muslim.


Left 4 Dead

Left 4 Dead is a first-person shooter video game made by Valve Corporation for Mac computers, Windows PCs, and the Xbox 360. It was released in North America and Australasia on October 18, 2008, and on October 21, 2008 in Japan and Europe. There are four game modes available: a single-player mode, where the player controls one character and the 3 other characters are controlled by the game; a four-player, co-op campaign mode; an eight-player online versus mode (4 humans and 4 mutated zombies/"Special Infected"); and a four-player survival mode. Left 4 Dead was named the Best Multiplayer Game of 2008 by IGN, GameSpy, BAFTA, Spike TV, and NoFrag. The sequel, Left 4 Dead 2 was released on November 17, 2009. 

There are four characters to choose from (gameplay is not affected with character choice): 

The Green Flu, a virus that turns victims into rabid zombie-like beings called the Infected, breaks out in the USA. Some Infected mutate into stronger Special Infected. The 4 characters try to reach a rescue vehicle throughout each campaign, except in the final campaign The Sacrifice.


Rivers Cuomo

Rivers Cuomo (born June 13, 1970) is an American musician. He is best known for being a member of the rock band Weezer. Cuomo plays electric and acoustic guitar. He also knows how to play drums, bass guitar, clarinet, harmonica, keyboards, trumpet and piano. In 2007 he released an album on his own called "Alone: The Home Recordings of Rivers Cuomo". It is a collection of eighteen demos he made between 1992 and 2007.

Cuomo married Kyoko Ito on June 18, 2006.

Pau Gasol

Pau Gasol i Sàez (born July 6, 1980 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish former basketball player. Gasol played for the Portland Trailblazers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Los Angeles Lakers from 2008 to 2014. He also played for the, Chicago Bulls, San Antonio Spurs, And Milwaukee Bucks.

He has won an NBA championship with the Lakers. He played with the Spanish basketball team at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, winning silver medals in 2008 and 2012. Before playing with the Lakers, he played in Spain and for the Memphis Grizzlies. He wears #16 for the Lakers, and plays both forward and center. He is tall and weight , and has a younger brother named Marc Gasol who plays for the Toronto Raptors. He went to the NBA All-Star more than 3 times and was eventually considered to be one of the very best of the Los Angles Lakers from the years 2008 straight until 2014.

Mezzaluna

A mezzaluna is a tool that is used for chopping herbs and the large single bladed versions are usually used for cutting pizza or pesto.

Cascoplecia

Cascoplecia is the genus of a very old fly that lived in the Early Cretaceous and was found in amber. The genus only has one type of species, the "Cascoplecia insolitis", which means old and strange.

Sungai Besar

Sungai Besar is a town in district Sabak Bernam in the state of Selangor, Malaysia. The town is about 120 km north of Kuala Lumpur, the capital city of Malaysia.

Selangor

Selangor (also known as Selangor Darul Ehsan or Selangor the Abode of Sincerity) is one of the states that form Malaysia. It is located in peninsular Malaysia. The state surrounds Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya.


Ichiro Suzuki

Ichiro Suzuki (鈴木 一朗, Suzuki Ichirō) (born October 22, 1974 in Toyoyama, Nishikasugai, Aichi Prefecture, Japan, is a retired Japanese baseball player.

He is the first MLB player to enter the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame and has won a Gold Glove award in each of his first ten years in the major leagues. He spent most of his carrier with the Seattle Mariners but also played for the New York Yankees and the Miami Marlins.

SuccessTech Academy shooting

The SuccessTech Academy shooting was a attempted murder-suicide at SuccessTech Academy in Cleveland, Ohio on October 10, 2007.

Asa Coon, a student at the school, came to school armed with two handguns and three tactical folding knives. After being punched in the face for bumping into Michael Peek, Coon shot Peek in the abdomen as he walked away. He walked through the school's halls shooting at another student, Darnell Rodgers, but the bullet just scratched Rodgers, hurting his elbow. Then Coon went to a social studies class where he shot the teacher Michael Grassie in the chest. Another teacher, David Kachadourian, was shot in the shoulder while helping his students get to a safe place. A 14-year old student, Trinnetta McGrady, had knee and back injuries from being stepped on in a hallway by students who were trying to get away. The only person who died because of this was Asa Coon. He killed himself by shooting himself in the right side of his head.

A controversial crime scene photo taken of Coon after his suicide was leaked to the public from a radio disc jockey from the Rover's Morning Glory show. A Cleveland police officer Walter Emerick, who took the picture using his camera phone was suspended from his job for eight days for sending the photo to other people, eventually leading to it being leaked on the Internet.

Koji Arimura

Koji Arimura (born 25 August 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

228||8||11||2||19||0||258||10
228||8||11||2||19||0||258||10

Hideaki Tominaga

Hideaki Tominaga (born 27 August 1976) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Blaublitz Akita.

193||10||9||1||2||0||204||11
193||10||9||1||2||0||204||11

Graham Arnold

Graham Arnold (born 3 August 1963) is a former Australian soccer manager and former player. He has played for Australia national team.


Individual


Central Coast Mariners


Sydney


Individual


Australia (Assistant Manager)


Australia U23


Record

Kurt Angle

Kurt Steven Angle (born December 9, 1968) is an American retired professional wrestler, Olympic gold medalist and former collegiate wrestler. He is best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation/WWE and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

Angle won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics, winning with a broken neck. He is the first Olympic gold medalist in professional wrestling history. He wrestled for the WWF/E from 1998 to 2006. During this time he became a six-time world champion (along with many other championships) and won the King of the Ring tournament in 2000.

In 2006 he signed a contract to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where he was the first TNA World Champion, a title he would also hold six times. Angle is also a two-time winner of the King of the Mountain ladder match. He competed for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) and the Inoki Genome Federation (IGF) because of their partnership with TNA. There he won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. His TNA contract expired in September 2014. 

Angle returned to WWE on April 3, 2017, as the general manager of Raw and wrestled on occasions. He retired on April 7, 2019 after WrestleMania 35. He is in many of wrestling Hall of Fames, most notably the WWE, TNA, and the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fames. He is the only wrestler to have won the WWE, WWE's World Heavyweight, the WCW Championship, TNA World Heavyweight and the IWGP Heavyweight Championships, in addition to an NCAA wrestling championship.



!Res.
!Record
!Opponent
!Score
!Date
!Event
!Location
! style=background:white colspan=7 |
! style=background:white colspan=7 |

Boris Balashov

Boris Aleksandrovich Balashov (7 December 192720 January 1974) was Editor-in-Chief of the Soviet magazine ""Filateliya SSSR"" (""Philately of the USSR"").

Born in 1927 in the family of a worker. He started working at one of the Saratov plants, where he worked as a planer and, then, as an electrician.

After graduating from the Saratov State University, he was on the leading Komsomol work as a division head of the Saratov Regional Committee of VLKSM (Komsomol), and the editor of a provincial youth newspaper "“Komsomolets”".

From 1958 to 1961, he worked as a head of the Press Section and, then, as a head deputy of the Propaganda and Agitation Division of the Central Committee of VLKSM.

At the later phase of his life, he was an Editor-in-Chief deputy and Editor-in-Chief for three Soviet magazines including ""Filateliya SSSR"" (1968–1974).

1960–61 NHL season

The 1960–61 NHL season was the 44th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. For the first time since , two American based teams competed for the Stanley Cup and it was the Chicago Black Hawks beating the Detroit Red Wings four games to two. It was Chicago's first Cup win since , not winning another until .

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"


Whitey Bulger

James Joseph "Whitey" Bulger, Jr. (September 3, 1929 – October 30, 2018) was an American former mob boss that worked out of South Boston, Massachusetts. He was on the ten top most wanted fugitives in the United States from 1999 until 2011. His story was on "America's Most Wanted" on FOX. He was captured by police on 22 June 2011.

On October 30, 2018, Bulger was transferred to the United States Penitentiary, Hazelton in West Virginia. Later that day, he was found dead in the prison, aged 89. Bulger was beaten to death in his prison cell by other inmates.


Semion Mogilevich

Semion Mogilevich (born 1946) is a Ukrainian criminal. He was born in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. He has many aliases. He is on charges for a multi-million-dollar fraud deal.

He was on the top ten list of fugitives by the FBI. Only 7 fugitives have been removed from the list since 1950. 

Ali Saed Bin Ali El-Hoorie

Ali Saed Bin Ali El-Hoorie () is a terrorist working for Saudi Hizbollah. He was born in Saudi Arabia in 1965. In 1996 he bombed the Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia. He is on the most wanted list of Terrorists from the FBI.

Shamil Basayev

Shamil Basayev (; 14 January 1965 - 10 July 2006) was a Muslim Chechen leader and warlord. During an attack in Ingushetia he was killed in Russia as he was planning a rush attack to Moscow in order to capture Kremlin.

Napredak Krusevac

Napredak Krusevac is a Serbian football club. Their colours are red and white. Their stadium is called Mladost and can hold 10,331 people.

Zeta Golubovci

Zeta Golubovci is a football club from Montenegro. It is in Golubovci, a suburb of Podgorica. Their colours are blue and white. They play in Trešnjica Stadium. It can hold 3,000 people.

Drexel University

Drexel University is a university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States.


Eddy Gordo

Eddy Gordo is a capoeira expert from the "Tekken" video games. He appears in Tekken 3, Tekken Tag Tournament, Tekken 4 and 5. He can spin on his head. He is from Brazil.

Mines of Paris

The Mines of Paris (in French Carrières de Paris — "quarries of Paris") are made up of a number of abandoned, underground mines under Paris, France, connected together by large chambers called galleries. Three main networks exist; the largest, called the "grand réseau sud" ("large south network"), lies under the Ve, VIe, XIVe and XVe arrondissements, a second under the XIIIe arrondissement, and a third under the XVIe, though other minor networks are found under the XIIe, XIVe and XVIe for instance. Together, the mines and galleries run for about 280 kilometres.

Exploring the mines is not allowed by the prefecture and people caught get heavy fines. A limited part of the network (1.7 km) was used as an underground ossuary (storage place for human bones) in the past known as the catacombs of Paris, and can be legally visited from the entrance on Place Denfert-Rochereau. The entire network is commonly but mistakenly called "the catacombs". Despite restrictions, the network is often toured by urban explorers popularly called cataphiles.

During the 18th century, the growing population of Paris resulted in the filling up of existing cemeteries, raising public health concerns. Towards the end of the 18th century, it was decided to create three new large cemeteries and to condemn the existing cemeteries within the city limits. Human remains were slowly moved to a rebuilt section of the abandoned mines that would later become a ossuary. The entrance is located on present day "Place Denfert-Rochereau".

The ossuary became a tourist attraction on from the early 19th century and has been open to the public on a regular basis from 1867. Although it is officially called the "Ossuaire Municipal", it is widely known as "the catacombs". Though the entire network of Paris' mines is not a burial place as such, the term 'Catacombs' is commonly used to refer to the whole network.


Tank Johnson

Tank Johnson is a defensive tackle in the NFL for the Cincinnati Bengals. He is #99 and he is 27 years old. He went to Washington for college. He was born in Chandler, Arizona. He is 6'3" and weighs 305 lbs. He has 10 tackles on the season of 2009. He was born on December 7, 1981. He has been in the NFL for 6 years. 


San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic

San Cristóbal is a Dominican city and the head municipality of the San Cristóbal province.

The city is only from the national capital and, because of that, it is a city where many people live but work at Santo Domingo.

Since colonial times, there were many farms in the region; the main crop was sugarcane. There were several sugar factories with slaves.

But the town was founded during the first years of the 18th century by a Catholic priest: Juan de Jesús Fabian Ayala y García.

In 1822, the town was made a municipality by the Haitian government. In 1844, after the Dominican independence from Haiti, the city was made a municipality of the old Santo Domingo province.

The first Dominican constitution was written in San Cristóbal in 1844.

In 1932, San Cristóbal was made the head municipality of the new Trujillo Province; it had the name of Trujillo after the dictator Rafael Trujillo who was born in San Cristóbal. After Trujillo's death, the province was given the name of the main city: San Cristóbal.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 216,875: 106,855 men and 110,020 women. The urban population was of the total population.

San Cristóbal is in a small valley; the valley has small hills around it except along the Nigua river. Nigua is the most important river of the region; another river is Yubazo or Blanco, a tributary of Nigua.

San Cristóbal has a total area of (without including its municipal district), about of the total area of the province of San Cristóbal. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the west of Santo Domingo. It has only one municipal district (subdivisions of a municipality): Hato Damas.

The municipality of San Cristóbal has the municipality of Villa Altagracia to the north, the Santo Domingo province and the municipality of Bajos de Haina to the east, the municipality of San Gregorio de Nigua and the Caribbean Sea to the south and the municipality of Yaguate to the west.

San Cristóbal has a tropical monsoonal climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: "Am") with a dry season and a heavy monsoon the rest of year; there is not a cold season.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by June with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is March with .

San Cristóbal is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of San Cristóbal has 1 municipal district:

I've Got a Secret

I've Got a Secret was a weekly game show produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman for CBS television. It was a "panel" game show, which means that it had, in addition to a host and guests, a group of people who together acted as judges. The show was created by comedy writers Allan Sherman and Howard Merrill. It was related to Goodson-Todman's other panel show, "What's My Line?". The first episode of the show aired on June 19, 1952 and ran until April 3, 1967. The first version of the show was in black and white. It switched to color in 1966.

The show was canceled in 1967 and then brought back for the 1972-1973 season and again from June 15 to July 6, 1976, for a summer run. Another production ran on the Oxygen cable channel in a daily version, airing from 2000 through 2003. GSN ran a revival from April 17 to June 9, 2006 with an all-gay panel. In October 2006, GSN decided not to renew the show for a second season, although reruns remained on its schedule for some time afterward.

The show was first hosted by radio and television personality Garry Moore. After several months of an panel that kept changing, the show settled down to include game show host Bill Cullen, comedian Henry Morgan, TV hostess Faye Emerson, and actress Jayne Meadows. In 1958, Emerson left the show to star in a play and was replaced by actress Betsy Palmer. The following year, Meadows moved to the West Coast to live with her husband Steve Allen and was replaced by former Miss America Bess Myerson. Sometimes, guest hosts substituted for Moore, including panelists Morgan and Palmer. Also, other comedians and celebrities guested for the panel when they were away.

Garry Moore left the show after the 1963-64 season, after his comedy program "The Garry Moore Show" was canceled, and he decided to retire from television to travel around the world with his wife. Moore was replaced by Steve Allen on September 21, 1964. Allen also hosted the show during the 1972-1973 revival. Former panelist Bill Cullen hosted the show for its short 1976 CBS summer run. The panelists on this revival were Richard Dawson, Henry Morgan, New York-based entertainment critic Pat Collins, and Elaine Joyce.

The Oxygen channel version of the show was hosted by Stephanie Miller until August 2001. Panelists in the Oxygen version included Jim J. Bullock, Jason Kravits, Amy Yasbeck, and Teri Garr. The GSN version was hosted by Bil Dwyer; the panelists were Billy Bean, Frank DeCaro, Jermaine Taylor, and Suzanne Westenhoefer.

Each episode usually had two contestants. After that, a celebrity guest played. Once in a while, if there was extra time, the celebrity was followed by a third regular guest.

Each round was a guessing game. The panel tried to figure out the contestants' "secrets". The idea of a "secret" on the show was very broad. Secrets were always intended to be unusual, amazing, embarrassing or humorous. They often were about what happened to a person, owning something, or a job, hobby, success or skill.

One or more contestants would walk on. The host would tell the name the contestant or ask their name and where they were from. He would then ask them to "whisper your secret to me, and we'll show it to the folks at home." The contestant would then whisper their secret to the host, while the audience and television viewers were shown the secret by writing printed on the television screen. Then the host would give the panel a clue. For example, "the secret concerns something that happened to [Contestant's Name]." The host would then choose a panelist to begin asking questions.

When the show first started, each panelist had 15 seconds of questioning of a guest. Then this would repeat once. Each 15 seconds that passed without the secret being correctly guessed won the contestant $10. However, a guest could not win more than $80. In mid-1954, they changed to only one question period for each panelist. They changed the money to $20 so that the top prize would stay at $80. Also, the time limit for questions was no longer exact. Instead, a buzzer went off to end the questioning, and production staff decided when to use the buzzer. This was partly because the program was shown live (not taped), and this sometimes required the show to be longer or shorter to keep the show running on time. In later times, the panelists were sometimes buzzed when they were too close to the secret, or at a point that would get a laugh.

Following the guest's secret being discovered, the host sometimes asked the contestant more about their secret, or, if it made sense, the contestant demonstrated their secret. These demonstrations sometimes included the host, and sometimes one or more of the panelists.

A number of famous people appeared with secrets, including Col. Harland Sanders who founded Kentucky Fried Chicken ("I started my restaurant with my first Social Security check"), Philo T. Farnsworth ("I invented electronic television"), Pete Best ("I used to be one of THE BEATLES"), and an elderly man, Samuel Seymour, who was the last surviving eyewitness to Abraham Lincoln's assassination (he was 5 years old at the time).

On each usual episode, a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret. The celebrity usually started the episode by coming out from the behind the curtain and saying "my name is [Name] and I've Got a Secret!". Sometimes, though, the celebrity would say "and this is "I've Got a Secret"!". In the beginning, the celebrities would have a secret. The secrets would sometimes be personal secrets, similar to the other contestants. Other times the secret would be about something they were there to do. The guest part of the show often was really a was to show some new technology or product.

Later in the show, a common thing was for the celebrity to challenge the panel in some other game. This later became the main use of the celebrity part of the show, and they no longer pretended to have a secret. Instead, the celebrity would just come out with a challenge for the panel. Several of these challenges later were the main idea used for other game shows. For example, a game in which Woody Allen challenged the panel to guess words by what children had said they meant, which became the basis for "Child's Play". Or two challenges with Peter Falk and Soupy Sales in which the panel had to guess who a celebrity was after being show a photographs of them as a baby and others as the aged, which later was used for the show, "Face the Music".

"I've Got a Secret" was more informal than its sister show "What's My Line?". The panel and host used each other's first names. As noted, the time limit on questioning was removed early in the show', and time limits were set more for entertainment. The men on the panel always wore normal suits or even sport jackets, though both Morgan and Moore sometimes chose bow ties over straight ties. Until the later years of the series, both Moore, and members of the panel smoked cigarettes on the air. The panel was introduced at the start of each episode by the host, usually with a pun on their names.

Only yes-or-no questions were supposed to be asked by the panel, but this was often relaxed. Unlike on "What's My Line?", the host offered hints and suggestions when the panel was quite lost, or when an answer might make them lost. Like on "What's My Line?", the panelists were not allowed to try to figure out secrets together, but later in the series, no one bothered the panelists when they whispered ideas to each other.

The series began in black-and-white, and only in 1966 switched to color. When the show is seen in reruns, though even episodes which were in color are in black and white, as they did not "record" the color. Much of the series had a commercial sponsor. The opening of the show would have an advertisement for that company. Signs on the set also promoted the products, and on commercial breaks the product would be advertised. Some sponsors provided samples of their products, which were given to each contestant. Late in the series, sponsorship was stopped.

An Australian version of the show was produced and aired in Brisbane on QTQ Channel 9 from 1967 until 1973. It was hosted by Newsreader Don Secombe. Similar to the American version, it had regular celebrity panelists including Ron Cadee, Babette Stevens and Joy Chambers.

The format of the 1970s revivals were very similar to the original series. However celebrity secrets were back, as opposed to challenges.

On the Oxygen revival, the contestant earned $200, and if no one on the panel guessed, they earned a $1,000 prize. Stephanie Miller hosted this version. The show's set was made to look like a fancy city apartment.

On GSN's revival, each panelist had 40 seconds for questioning, with one conference allowed. Stumping the entire panel won the contestant $1,000 and "dinner for 2 in Beverly Hills." The fine print at the end of the show disclosed that contestants were also paid an appearance fee. Losing contestants also received some unspecified parting gifts. Several minor show business professionals demonstrated their performances on the show, including piano juggler Dan Menendez. Another element in the revival was that all the panelists were openly gay. This was played upon as host, Bill Dwyer, was introduced as "the straight man to the panel".

As with "What's My Line?", early episodes from the original series' first season in 1952 appear to have been lost. From late 1952 until the 1967 cancellation, most episodes appear to exist as a digital transfer of the original black-and-white kinescope movies.

GSN concluded its most recent airing of "I've Got A Secret"'s run on July 13, 2008 at 3:30 AM (ET), paired with "What's My Line?" at 3:00. However, they began their run in mid-2007 with episodes from late 1961 or early 1962. A good portion of the series is unlikely to be aired, due to the show's longtime sponsorship by Winston cigarettes, which remains an existing brand. It is unclear whether this is mandated legally, or simply a choice by GSN. In addition, the network skipped several episodes through its run which are known to have been skipped in previous runs of the show; this may mean that other episodes are lost or in bad enough condition for GSN not to air them.

All subsequent revivals of "Secret" exist in their entirety. GSN has occasionally aired single episodes from the 1972-1973 season, the latest being an episode featuring Bob Barker as the celebrity guest, to commemorate his retirement from "The Price Is Right" in mid-2007. GSN also occasionally adds reruns of its 2006 revival to the regular schedule.

The first theme music used on the show from 1952-1961 was ""Plink, Plank, Plunk!"" by Leroy Anderson (this theme can be heard on the album "Classic TV Game Show Themes". However, the theme on the CD was credited to Norman Paris).

The second theme, used from 1961-1962, was an upbeat arrangement of the "Theme to "A Summer Place"" by Max Steiner.

The third theme was used from 1962-1967. It was an upbeat, spritely march featuring piccolo and xylophone, composed by the show's musical director Norman Paris and played by a live studio combo. It quoted a familiar melody widely associated with schoolyard taunts, to which the words "I've got a secret!" might be sung by children in a teasing manner.

In addition to being used as a tag for his entrance on CBS episodes he hosted, Steve Allen's composition ""This Could Be the Start of Something"" was used as the opening theme in 1972. The closing theme to the 1972 version was written by Edd Kalehoff. The theme from the 1976 version with Bill Cullen was used one year later on the ABC game show "Second Chance". A remix of that theme was also used in the Australian version of "Family Feud".

Tim Mosher and Stoker are credited with the 2000 theme, while Alan Ett and Scott Liggett contributed an up jazz theme for Bil Dwyer's 2006 version of the show for GSN.


Yann Tiersen

Yann Tiersen (born 23 June 1970) is a musician from France. He did the soundtrack songs from the movie "Amélie".

His music usually includes a large variety of instruments; primarily the guitar, synthesizer or violin together with instruments like the melodica, xylophone, toy piano, harpsichord, accordion and typewriter.

Antônio Carlos Zago

Antônio Carlos Zago (born 18 May 1969) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

195||11
12||1
24||0
107||2
56||2
394||16

!Total||37||3

Sandro (footballer, born 1973)

Sandro Chaves de Assis Rosa (born May 19, 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.

312||16||18||0||39||2||369||18
312||16||18||0||39||2||369||18

Hernán Gaviria

Hernán Gaviria (27 November 1969 – 24 October 2002) is a former Colombian football player. He has played for Colombia national team.

23||4||0||0||1||0||24||4
23||4||0||0||1||0||24||4

!Total||27||3

Carrow Road

Carrow Road is a British football stadium in Norwich, England. It is the home of . The stadium is in the centre of the city, near to Norwich railway station and the River Wensum.
The stadium is on Carrow Road, and is named after the road. The stadium was built by Norwich City in 1935. Construction took just 82 days. There has been a lot of work done to Carrow Road since 1935. Since 1990 the stadium has been an all-seater. The ground can accommodate 27,244 today and the record attendance is presently 27,091. The record attendance at Carrow Road before it became an all-seater stadium was 43,984 in 1963. The modern Carrow Road site has a club superstore, catering facilities and a Holiday Inn hotel.

Norwich City F.C. played at Newmarket Road from 1902 to 1908. The record attendance at this time was 10,366 in a match against Sheffield Wednesday in a second round FA Cup match in 1908. After a disagreement over the rent of the Newmarket Road ground, Norwich City moved to a new home in 1908 - a converted disused chalk pit in Rosary Road which became known as The Nest.
By the 1930s, the ground was not big enough for the growing support. Expansion of The Nest was not possible, and there were safety problems with the existing structures. The club began looking for another ground in 1926. Part of the pitch eventually collapsed. The Football Association were not happy with Norwich City’s efforts to repair The Nest. They eventually wrote to the club on 15 May 1935, saying " The Nest was no longer suitable for large crowds and measures must be taken".

With the new season just weeks away, Norwich City were very concerned. About half a mile south of The Nest, they found a new site, the home of the Boulton Paul Aircraft Sports Ground in Carrow Road. On 1 June 1935, the club purchased the ground on a 20-year lease, from its owners Colman's.

The new stadium took its name from the street. However, the name "Carrow" originally referred to the former Carrow Abbey that once stood on the riverside. Construction began quickly. Ten days after buying the site, work began.

By 17 August most of the stands and terraces had been completed. Finally, after just 82 days, on 31 August Carrow Road football ground was opened for the Second Division match v West Ham United.

Norwich won the game 4-3. The attendance was 29,779 – at the time, a new record crowd for Norwich home games. The first competitive goal at the ground was scored by Norwich's Doug Lochhead.

An aerial photograph from August 1935 shows three sides of open terracing and a covered stand, with a Colman's Mustard advertisement painted on its roof, visible only from the air. The club's association with Colman's has continued into the modern era; in 1997 the club signed a shirt sponsorship deal with the company. The mustard manufacturer's original factory was next to the stadium in Carrow Road, and the ground was opened by Russell Colman, the President of the club. Inglis describes the early Carrow Road as comprising "a Main Stand, a covered end terrace and two large open banks". The covered terrace was paid for by Captain Evelyn Barclay, the vice-president of Norwich City. It was constructed in time for the opening of the 1937-38 season. There is a stand named after Barclay in the modern stadium.

At this time, the ground's capacity was 38,000. The new ground received a royal seal of approval: on 29 October 1938, King George VI watched the home game versus Millwall. This was the first time a ruling monarch had watched a Second Division match.

Floodlights were erected at the ground in 1956 and the £9,000 cost nearly sent the club into bankruptcy. However, Norwich's success in the 1959 FA Cup secured the financial status of the club and provided sufficient funds for a cover to be built over the South Stand. In 1963, the record was set for attendance for Carrow Road: a crowd of 43,984 watched a sixth round FA Cup match against Leicester City, and the South Stand (now the Jarrold) was covered "soon after".

After a disaster at Glasgow Ranger’s Ground, Ibrox in 1971, ground capacities had to be reduced to around 20,000 people.

A two-tier terrace was built at the River End. Soon afterwards, seats began to replace the terraces. By 1979 the stadium had a capacity of 28,392 with seats for 12,675. A fire in 1984 partially destroyed one of the stands. The damaged stand was eventually demolished completely. In 1987 it was replaced by a new City Stand. Chairman Robert Chase said that "Coming to a football match within the City Stand is very much like going to the theatre – the only difference being that our stage is covered with grass".

After a disaster at Sheffield Wednesday’s ground Hillsborough in 1989 and, afterwards, the outcome of the Taylor Report in 1990, the stadium was converted to all-seater with the corners being filled. Today, Carrow Road is an all-seater stadium, with a capacity of 26,034, with a record attendance for an all-seated crowd of 25,522 for the Premiership match against Manchester United in April 2005.

The South Stand was replaced in 2003 when a new 7,000 seat South stand, subsequently renamed the Jarrold Stand was built in its place. The club installed new electronic screen/scoreboards at either end of the stadium in 2007. Behind the goals, they are full colour, with scope for still and moving images. They were first used in the 5-2 Carling Cup victory over Barnet F.C. in August 2007.

The current stadium consists of five stands; the Barclay (sponsored by Coral (the northeastern stand), the River End known as the Regency Security Stand Stand (the southwestern stand), the Geoffrey Watling City Stand (the northwestern stand), the Jarrold Stand (the southeastern stand) and the most recent addition, the Aviva Community Stand (the southern stand).

The previous River End stand (named due to it being close to the River Wensum) was demolished in April 1979. A two-tiered replacement, costing £1.7m, was completed in December 1979. Its name was changed to the Norwich & Peterborough Stand in the 1990s due to a sponsorship deal with the Norwich & Peterborough building society.

This stand is named after Captain Evelyn Barclay, a former vice-president of the club, who donated the roof costs for the original stand. The Barclay is often incorrectly referred to as the Barclay Stand.

The original Barclay was built in 1937 and demolished in 1992, when a new two-tier structure, modelled on the River End (now the Norwich & Peterborough Stand) was built at a cost of £2.8m (offset by a £2m grant from the Football Trust).

Floodlights are supported on both corners of the Barclay and the Norwich & Peterborough stands, which are the ends behind the goals.

The single-tiered Geoffrey Watling City Stand was built following a severe fire on 25 October 1984. The fire was apparently caused by an employee of the club leaving a three-bar electric fire switched on overnight. The City Stand (as it was named at the time) cost £1.7 million to build and was used for the first time on 30 August 1986 when City hosted Southampton. It was formally opened by the Duchess of Kent on 14 February 1987. The stand was renamed in honour of Norwich City president Geoffrey Watling, who died in 2004.

The stand is the smallest of the four in terms of capacity, but includes the Directors' Box, Press Area, and various other hospitality suites.

Where The Barclay extends around to meet the Geoffrey Watling City Stand, is the Thorpe Corner infill, "affectionately dubbed 'The Snakepit' by supporters", a term that is even sometimes used in official club reports.

The Jarrold Stand is on the former site of the South Stand, which was named in honour of Sir Arthur South.

The Jarrold Stand was partially opened for the game against Sheffield United on 31 January 2004, and fully opened for the next home match against West Ham United on 21 February 2004. This was a landmark for the stadium - it represented the final stand of the original ground to be replaced.

The Jarrold Stand is sponsored by Jarrolds, a local department store. The original 4-year sponsorship deal has now been extended through to 2013. The stand is a cantilever, single-tiered, all-seated stand, that can hold up to 8,000 supporters. The Jarrold Stand is "unusual in having not one, but three separate television gantries suspended beneath its largely perspex roof."

In 2005, further work was undertaken on the stand and it reopened in 2006. The stand now extends around the Norwich and Peterborough Stand corner of the ground.

Accommodation for visiting supporters is provided in the end of the Jarrold Stand closest to The Barclay.

The corner infill between the Jarrold and Norwich & Peterborough stands is called the Aviva Community Stand, which was originally built in 2005 and named after sponsors Norwich Union. It seats up to 1,500 fans and also provides extensive facilities for disabled supporters.

The club had two options on how to fill the corner between the Barclay and the Jarrold Stand. The club decided not to fill this corner with seats, as this would lead to away supporters being surrounded by home fans.

It was therefore decided to complete the ground's corners with a hotel. It was hoped that a hotel could offer greater financial rewards than ticket sales. In 2005, a contract was signed with the Holiday Inn hotel chain in 2005, and construction commenced in 2006. The hotel opened in 2007 and allows customers with pitch-facing rooms to watch matches.

Catering at Carrow Road is provided by Delia's Canary Catering, which is part of Norwich City Football Club PLC. The service is described: "All menus are made up from Delia Smith's own published recipes (6,000 in all) and as we are in an agricultural area we take pride in using the finest ingredients and local seasonal produce."

Yellows is a "New York-style diner" in the Norwich & Peterborough Stand. Earlier restaurants in the same place were called 'Strikers' and 'Scores'.

Delia's Restaurant and Bar is a restaurant in the Norwich & Peterborough Stand.

The Gunn Club is a catering facility behind The Barclay. With access restricted to members and season-ticket holders, "The Gunn Club" offers a slightly more up-market catering experience, available for hire on non-match days. The club offers facilities and features including video screens, appearances by current and former club members and (by popular demand) real ale.

The 68-page match programme for Norwich City matches costs £3.

The club have, in the past, stated that they have plans to increase the capacity of the stadium should the club win promotion back to the Premier League, using the increase in funds to finance the expansion. Specifically, these plans include building a second tier on the Jarrold Stand or the Geoffrey Watling City Stand. The club have stated that the Geoffrey Watling stand has foundations designed to support a second tier, and that the roof can be removed and replaced after a second tier is added. At the time the original stand was built the inner ring road ran next to the ground, and any extensions of an upper tier outside the existing footprint of the stand would have caused planning difficulties. Since the road was re-routed in the late 1990s an extension to the stand is less likely to raise planning objections.

Carrow Road has never hosted a match involving the England national football team, but the England national under-21 football team has played at the stadium on three occasions. The first was in 1983 in a UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifying match against Denmark national under-21 football team, which England won 4-1. The team played another qualifying match in the same tournament at the stadium in 1997, beating Greece national under-21 football team 4-2. This game saw Michael Owen's only ever appearance for the England Under-21 side, before his subsequent rise to fame in the senior national team. As part of their preparations for the 2007 finals of the European Championship tournament, the England Under-21s played Slovakia national under-21 football team in a friendly match at the ground in June 2007. England won 5-0 in front of a crowd of 20,193 people.

Games involving the England Under-19 team and the full England women's national football team have also been played at the stadium. The women's team have played there on two occasions; the first a 1-0 defeat to Nigeria women's national football team in 2002, in front of 8,000 fans, and the second a 1-0 victory over Iceland national women's football team in 2006. The latter game's attendance of 9,616 was the largest crowd that had watched a friendly game involving the women's team.

The stadium has also occasionally hosted music concerts. Status Quo played a concert there in 1997. Elton John, supported by Lulu, appeared at the venue in 2005, performing what was at the time the largest concert ever to have been staged in Norwich. George Michael gave a performance there on June 12 2007, supported by Sophie Ellis-Bextor. The John and Michael concerts both attracted crowds of over 20,000 people. Andrew Cullen, the director of sales and marketing for the Carrow Road ground, told BBC Radio Norfolk prior to the George Michael performance that he hoped such concerts would become an annual summer event for the venue, if big enough star names could be attracted.


Five Suns

Five Suns is an Aztec myth about how the world was created. It says that there were four other suns before our own, because different gods served as the Sun at different times:



Ages of Man

Ages of Man is an Ancient Greek myth that divides the history of the world into five eras. In the first eras, humans lived close to gods and were happy. In the latest eras, the gods have left the world and humans live in pain and unhappiness. This myth was first written down by Greek poet Hesiod, about 2700 years ago.


Roman poet Ovid also wrote about the Ages of Man about two thousand years ago, although he did not mention the Heroic Age.


Harvey Keitel

Harvey Keitel (born May 13, 1939) is an American actor. He has played in movies such as "Reservoir Dogs", "Pulp Fiction", "Smoke", and "Thelma and Louise".

Tim Roth

Tim Roth (born 14 May 1961) is an English movie actor and director. He starred in the television series "Lie to Me".

John McCrae

Lieutenant Colonel John McCrae (November 30, 1872 – January 28, 1918) was a Canadian poet and soldier in World War I who is best known for writing the poem "In Flanders Fields" after seeing the death of his friend the day before.


Stan Mikita

Stan Mikita (born Stanislav Guoth; May 20, 1940 – August 7, 2018) was a Slovak-born Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a career total of 22 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played his entire NHL career with the Chicago Black Hawks. He was often regarded as the best centre of the 1960s.

He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1961. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1983. He was also inducted into the Slovak Hockey Hall of Fame in 2002.

He worked as an good will ambassador for the Chicago Blackhawks.

Mikita died at the age of 78 on August 7, 2018 from complications of Lewy body dementia in Chicago.

Left 4 Dead 2

Left 4 Dead 2 is a shooter video game released in 2009. It is the sequel to "Left 4 Dead". It was released on November 17, 2009. It made its world premiere at E3 in 2009. "Left 4 Dead 2" brings new elements to the game that "Let 4 Dead" left out in the previous version such as melee weapons, new types of infected, and a story-arc that connects each of the game's five campaigns together. It was banned in Australia, but eventually was un-banned.

The main characters in the game are:

New infected added into the game include:

Left 4 Dead 2 received strongly positive reviews:


Reservoir Dogs (video game)

Reservoir Dogs is a video game based on the Quentin Tarantino movie of the same name.

WWF SmackDown! Just Bring It

WWF SmackDown! Just Bring It, named Exciting Pro Wrestling 3 in Japan, is a wrestling video game released only for the PlayStation 2. It was published by THQ and developed by Yuke's. The Rock is on the cover of the game. It is part of the WWF Smackdown! series.

Saint Germaine

Sainte Germaine lived from 1579 to 1601. She was born in a village in France called Pibrac, which is about ten miles from Toulouse, France. 

She was born with a disfigured hand and a disease called scrofula. When she was a baby, her mother died. Germaine's father married again, but her new stepmother was cruel to Germaine. Germaine's stepmother did not want the other children to contract scrofula, so she talked her husband into keeping Germaine away from the house. When she was very young she started to be a shepherdess. At night she slept in the stable or on vine branches in a roof space. In early ages she learned to practice humility and patience. She was not lonely because she had a gift with a sense of presence of God and other spiritual things. Her food was bread and water. She loved Jesus and the Virgin Mary. She went to church every day. When she heard the church bell ring, she put her staff on the ground and left the sheep in the care of Jesus while she was in mass. Even though the flock was near a forest filled with wolves, the sheep were never harmed. After heavy rains or the snow melted, it was hard to cross to go to church. Her only book was the Rosary, and she had great devotion to the Angelus. Several times people saw the water make a passageway for Germaine to cross without wetting her cloths. She helped the poor by sharing her bread with them. One day Germaine's father forbade her wife to treat Germaine cruelly, and gave Germaine a place in the house. Germaine begged to be allowed to keep her humbler way of life. Now, when everyone began to realize Germaine's holiness, she died. She had not awoken at her usual hour one early summer morning of 1601, so her father went to look for her. He found her dead on the vine branches. She was 22 years old. She was buried in front of the stand in the Church of Pibrac.

Kricogonia lyside

The Lyside Sulphur or Guayacan Sulphur (Kricogonia lyside) is a North American and South American butterfly. It is in the family Pieridae. In seasons with heavy monsoons, this butterfly is seen in large migrations. These migrations are common in Texas. They are less common in the southwest. It sometimes lives in southern Florida.

The coloring of the Lyside Sulphur varies. The upper side of the wings is pale yellow. It usually has a black bar on the top edge of the hind wing (the bottom wing). There is normally a bright yellow patch near the base (where the wing connects to the body) of the fore wing (the top wing). Some individuals also have black borders along the top edges of the fore wing. The underside of the wings varies. They vary from a greenish color to bright yellow to almost white. Greener individuals have a whitish vein in the center of the hind wing. The fore wing has a bright yellow basal patch. The wingspan is 1.5 to 2.38 in. (3.8 to 6 cm.).

Similar species in the Lyside Sulphur's range include Queen Alexandra's Sulphur ("Colias alexandra"), the Cloudless Sulphur ("Phoebis sennae"), and the Statira Sulphur ("Phoebis statira").

Queen Alexandra's Sulphur has more yellow on the underside of the fore wing. It has a whitish spot in the center of the hind wing.

The Cloudless Sulphur is larger. It is much more yellow.

The Statira Sulphur has a more yellowish upper side. The underside of the wings is pale greenish to white. Females have light pinkish markings.

This butterfly is seen almost all year in southern Texas. It is seen from early July to mid November in Arizona. In Florida, there have been scattered sightings from July to October.

The Lyside Sulphur may be found in open, subtropical scrub habitats.

The caterpillar varies often. It's varies from green to blackish-green. It may have markings or may not have markings. Marked individuals normally have stripes on the top and sides of their bodies. It is the only caterpillar to feed on "Guaiacum sanctum". The chrysalis is a bluish-green color. The Lyside Sulphur can grow from egg to adult in as little as 13 days. It has 3 or more broods per year in southern Texas.

Here is a list of host plants that the Lyside Sulphur caterpillar eats:


All That You Can't Leave Behind

All That You Can't Leave Behind is the tenth studio album by Irish rock band U2. It was put in stores in October 2000. The album received mostly praise, and brought a return of a more traditional rock sound for the band.

 () Additional production

Notes

Wigtownshire

Wigtownshire or the County of Wigtown is a registration county in the southwest of Scotland. It was a county until 1975.



Forza Motorsport 3

Forza Motorsport 3 is a realistic simulation driving video game. It was released for Xbox 360 in 2009.

Patau syndrome

Patau Sydrome, also known as Trisomy 13 or Trisomy D is a problem with the chromosomes. People who suffer from it have an extra copy of chromosome 13. This is usually because of a problem that occurred during meiosis, but it can also be the result of Robertsonian translocation, a common rearrangement of chromosomes in humans. The risk of getting a problem during meiosis increases when women have babies later in life. The average age for this syndrome is at 31 years.

It is the rarest of the three common trisomies. Down syndrome and Edwards syndrome are more common. Patau syndrome affects about one in 25,000 live births.

Steve Bernier

Steve Bernier (born March 31, 1985 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played for the New Jersey Devils, San Jose Sharks, Buffalo Sabres, Vancouver Canucks and Florida Panthers. The Sharks selected Bernier 16th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Henryk Vogelfanger

Henryk Vogelfanger (4 October 1904 – 6 October 1990), was a Polish actor. He worked and lived in Lviv until World War Two when he joined Polish underground army, Armia Krajowa. Together with the legendary actor, radio personality Kazimierz Wajda, he was a star of the radio and theater comedy show "Szczepko and Tonko". This was widely popular in Poland and other countries with over six million regular listeners, 1932-1939. The show ended when World War Two started. The team made three family movies, adventures of Szczepko & Tomko.

Dăbuleni

Dăbuleni is a town of Dolj County, in Romania. It was made a town in 2004.

Fraternity

Fraternity is some kind of morality, ethics or idea. A synonym of "fraternity" is "brotherhood".

Fraternity is adopted for the national motto of France, "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity".

Japan's prime minister Ichiro Hatoyama had an idea of a fraternity. The origin of his idea is the book "The totalitarian state against man" (original title in German; ) written by Count Richard Nikolaus Eijiro von Coudenhove-Kalergi, an Austrian politician, geopolitician, and philosopher. Ichiro Hatoyama had made an effort to spread the idea of the fraternity. Ichiro's grandchild Yukio Hatoyama also has become the prime minister of Japan. Yukio Hatoyama has taken over the idea of his grandfather Ichiro's. The family of Hatoyama's fraternity means in Japanese.


Rocky Rapids, Alberta

Rocky Rapids is a hamlet in Brazeau County, Alberta, Canada. It has 300 people.

Rocky Rapids has one store. Most citizens work in Drayton Valley, Alberta. Drayton Valley is about 7 kilometers away.

Children go to school in Drayton Valley. Some may be home schooled.


Envigado

Envigado (pronounced ) is a Colombian municipality in the northwestern part of the country and part of the Metropolitan Area of Medellín of the Antioquia Department.

Jerry Hairston Jr.

Jerry Wayne Hairston, Jr. (born May 29, 1976) was a Major League Baseball infielder and outfielder for nine different teams. He played for the Baltimore Orioles, Chicago Cubs, Texas Rangers, Cincinnati Reds, New York Yankees, San Diego Padres, Washington Nationals, Milwaukee Brewers, and Los Angeles Dodgers.

Little Green Bag

"Little Green Bag" is a 1969 song written by Jan Visser and George Baker, and recorded by the George Baker Selection.


Matt Bonner

Matthew Robert Bonner (born April 5, 1980) is an American professional basketball player with the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Bonner played college basketball for the University of Florida. He was selected by the Chicago Bulls in the second round of the 2003 NBA Draft. He has also played for the Toronto Raptors.

Bonner was named the Verizon Academic All-American of the Year for the sport of basketball in both 2002 and 2003.

Luol Deng

Luol Deng (born 16 April 1985) is a former South Sudanese-born British professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Chicago Bulls (2004–2014), the Cleveland Cavaliers (2014), the Miami Heat (2014–2016), the Los Angeles Lakers (2016–2018) and the Minnesota Timberwolves (2018–2019). He became a British citizen in 2006, and played for the Great Britain national team. He played college basketball for the Duke Blue Devils.

Deng was born in Wau, Sudan (now South Sudan). His father is politician Aldo Deng. His older brother, Ajou Deng, was also a basketball player.

Pedro Troglio

Pedro Troglio (born 28 July 1965) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

River Plate

Avispa Fukuoka

Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata

Villa Dálmine

Argentina

Cerro Porteño

C.D. Olimpia

Marcos Nozomi Munakata

Marcos Nozomi Munakata (born 3 February 1959) is a former Brazilian football player.

0||0||||||||||||
0||0||||||||||||

Ademir Santos

Ademir Santos (born 28 March 1968) is a former Brazilian-Japanese football player.

23||3||1||0||1||0||25||3
23||3||1||0||1||0||25||3

Abraxas (moth)

Abraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. They are called the 'magpie moths'.

Most of these moths have been given different names at different times. "Abraxus" was the name chosen by Linnaeus, and used today. It was first used by Leach in 1815.


Baltoro Kangri

Baltoro Kangri (or Golden Throne) is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak (7,665 m). The huge Baltoro Glacier, which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions, rises from the foot of Baltoro Kangri. In the north of Baltoro Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier.


Accomack County, Virginia

Accomack County, which used to be called Accomac Shire, is a U.S. county in the Commonwealth of Virginia. The 2020 census said that 33,413 lived there. Its county seat is Accomac.

Accomack and Northampton Counties comprise the Eastern Shore of Virginia, part of the Delmarva Peninsula.


University of New Hampshire

The University of New Hampshire is a university in Durham, New Hampshire. They are called the Wildcats. The UNH business school is one of the top in New England. The former Chairman of UNH was Stephen Reno.

New Hampshire's sports teams, known as Wildcats, mostly play in the America East Conference. The football team plays in the Colonial Athletic Association, and the men's and women's ice hockey teams play in Hockey East.

University of Vermont

The University of Vermont is a university in the U.S. state of Vermont. The university has over 10,000 students. The school was found in 1791, and is one of the oldest universities in the United States.

Immunosuppressant drugs

Immunosuppressant drugs are simply drugs which suppress the immune system. In other words, they reduce the effect of the tiny germs that protect your body from dangerous germs. This makes the body open to disease but it is useful in other ways:

When someone receives an organ transplant, the body thinks the new organ is dangerous and tries to get rid of it. This is called organ rejection. If immunosuppressant drugs are taken the body usually accepts the new organ.

Sigur Rós

Sigur Rós (, ) is an Icelandic post-rock band. The band was started in 1994 by Jón Þór "Jónsi" Birgisson, Georg Hólm, and Ágúst Ævar Gunnarsson. In 1997 they released their first album "Von". Their best known tune is Hoppipola released in 2006

which has seen extensive use in TV shows, adverts and films. 


Millbrook, Southampton

Millbrook is a suburb and a former parish of Southampton, England.

Totton and Eling

Totton and Eling is a town and civil parish in Hampshire, UK. It has a population of around 28,000 people.

List of settlements in Acre

The following is a list of the municipalities in the state of Acre, Brazil.

Deodoro da Fonseca

Marshal Manuel Deodoro da Fonseca (Alagoas City, August 5, 1827 - Rio de Janeiro, August 23, 1892) was the first president of the Republic of Brazil and he reached this position after a military strategy that put down the Emperor Pedro II.

Son of Manuel Mendes da Fonseca (1785-1859) and Rosa Maria Paulina da Fonseca (1802-1873). His father was also a soldier and belonged to the Conservative Party. He had two sisters and seven brothers and three of them died in the Paraguay War: Afonso Aurélio da Fonseca (the youngest), ensign of the 34º Voluntários da Pátria Battalion; captain Hipólito Mendes da Fonseca, dead in the Battle of Curupaity; and major Eduardo Emiliano da Fonseca, dead in the Battle of Itororó.

His elder brother, Hermes Ernesto da Fonseca, father of Hermes da Fonseca, was a marshal in the Brazilian Army, president of Mato Grosso province, governor of Bahia province and commander-in-chief in Bahia and Pará provinces.

Two other brothers also had brilliant military and political careers: Severiano Martins da Fonseca, who reached the rank of field marshal, received the noble title of "Barão de Alagoas" (Baron of Alagoas) and was the director of the Military School of Porto Alegre; and Pedro Paulino da Fonseca, who was an honorary colonel of the Brazilian Army, head of government of Alagoas and Senator of the Republic for the same Brazilian state.

In 1843, at the age of sixteen, Deodoro enrolled himself in the Rio de Janeiro Military Academy and finished the artillery course in 1847. In 1845, he was already a 1 class cadet. In 1848, he took part in his first military action, helping to repress the Praieira Revolt, an insurrection promoted by the Liberal Party of Pernambuco.

He got married when he was 33 years old, on April 6, 1860, to Mariana Cecília de Sousa Meireles, who was considered by biographers a very well educated woman, religious, modest and full of domestic attributes. They did not have any children. His nephew Hermes da Fonseca, who also reached the Brazilian presidency, was treated like a son by Deodoro.

Arrondissement of Caen

The arrondissement of Caen is an arrondissement of France. It is in the department of Calvados, in a region called Basse-Normandie. It has 24 cantons and 288 communes.

Băilești

Băileşti is a city in Dolj County, Oltenia, Romania. As of 2011, 22,231 people live here.

The Romanian actor and comedian Amza Pellea and Romanian actor and theatre actor Marcel Iureş were born here.


Filiași

Filiași is a town in Dolj County, Romania, on the Jiu River. In 2002, the population was 18,848.

Bechet

Bechet is a town in Dolj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is on the river Danube. This is near the Bulgarian city of Oryahovo. In 2002 it had a population of 3,864.

Arrondissement of Lisieux

The arrondissement of Lisieux is an arrondissement of France. It is in the department of Calvados, in a region called Basse-Normandie. It has 13 cantons and 204 communes.

Northern Rhodesia

Northern Rhodesia was a territory in south central Africa. It was founded in 1911. It became independent in 1964 as Zambia.

The term "Rhodesia" in geography meant a region which is now Zambia and Zimbabwe. From 1964 on, it only meant Southern Rhodesia.


San Juan de la Maguana

The Dominican city of San Juan de la Maguana, or simply San Juan, is the head municipality of the San Juan province, on the west of the country.

It is the largest city of western Dominican and the centre of the region. It was one of the first European city founded in the Hispaniola island.

The city was named after St. John Baptist; "Maguana" is the Taíno name meaning "small valley". In the area, there were Taíno people living here before the Spanish invasion.

The valley area of San Juan was the seat of Maguana whose leader was Caonabo. Caonabo in aboriginal language means "gran señor de la tierra or Great Lord of the Earth". Caonabo was the cacique or chief of the Taínos, upon the death of his uncle and became the most important and powerful ruler in Hispaniola at the time. He led the Taíno revolt against the Spanish invaders and was captured and died in a shipwreck while being taken to Spain as a prisoner. A brother of Caonabo and other allied Taíno caciques led the revolt against the Spanish and finally lost the battle in 1495.

San Juan de la Maguana was founded by the Spanish in 1503 by Diego Velázquez, who later went to conquest the island of Cuba, when Nicolás de Ovando was the Spanish governor of the island.

In 1606, those that were living in San Juan de la Maguana were ordered by the Spanish king to move to a place to the northwest of the city of Santo Domingo and the region was left without people for several years.

After the Dominican independence in 1844, there were some battles in this region between the Haitian and Dominican armies. The most important battle was the Santomé Battle on 22 December 1855 in a savanna to the west of the city where the Dominican army won the fight.

The city had, in , a total population of 78,313: 39,631 men and 38,682 women. The urban population was of the total population.

San Juan de la Maguana is in the centre of the "San Juan Valley", the old Taíno "Maguana", with the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain") to the north and east, and the Sierra de Neiba to the south. To the west there is a chain of low hills.

The San Juan river is the main river of the region and the city was founded on the left (eastern) side of this river.

San Juan de la Maguana has a total area of (without including its municipal districts), about of the total area of the province of San Juan. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the west of Santo Domingo. It has 10 municipal districts (subdivisions of a municipality);

San Juan de la Maguana has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of rainfall, followed by May with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is February with .

San Juan de la Maguana is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of San Juan de la Maguana has 10 municipal districts:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main crops are rice in the summer, and beans in winter.

Bloody Mary

Bloody Mary could refer to:


Chess club

A chess club is a place where people come to play chess. Sometimes, chess clubs host chess tournaments. Many chess clubs are open to the public, while others are for groups of people in a specific area or people in a specific school.


Assis Brasil

Assis Brasil is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Acre. In 2007, 5,351 people lived there. Its total area is 2,875,915 km².

Vicente Bessa founded the municipality on March 1, 1976. It was separated from another municipality called Brasiléia.

Armageddon (2005)

Armageddon was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on December 18, 2005 at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island, It was a Smackdown-only PPV. There were eight matches on for the event's card.



Nesquehoning, Pennsylvania

Nesquehoning is a borough in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. The population is 3,336 as of the 2020 census count.

Former WWE star Gene Snitsky was born here.

Jessica Watson

Jessica Watson (May 18, 1993 – ) is an Australian teenager who became the youngest person to sail around the world alone. She did it without stopping or getting assistance during the journey.

Jessica Watson's first attempt was in September 2009, when she left from Mooloolaba in Queensland in attempt to sail around the world. About 15 hours after she left, her yacht, "Ella's Pink Lady", collided with a bulk carrier near Stradbroke Island. Watson was uninjured in the incident, but her yacht was badly damaged. After the repairs to her yacht were completed, Watson sailed from Queensland's Gold Coast to Sydney and then left from Sydney on October 18, 2009 (five months after her sixteenth birthday) to sail around the world.

The distance of her voyage is about 19,000 nautical miles (35,000 kilometres) and took almost seven months to complete, as she finished her journey on May 15, 2010.

Astrolabe

The astrolabe is a tool using the positions of the stars or sun. It was formerly used in navigation to help explorers and sailors figure out where they were. They found their distance north and south of the equator by measuring the distance of the sun and stars above the horizon. Astronomers used other kinds of astrolabes, usually larger ones.

An early astrolabe was made in the Hellenistic world in 150 BC. It is often attributed to Hipparchus. The astrolabe was a marriage of the planisphere (a star chart analog computing instrument) and dioptra (a tool to measure angles). It was a calculator able to work out many kinds of problems in astronomy. Theon of Alexandria wrote a complex book on the astrolabe. Lewis says that Ptolemy used an astrolabe to make the astronomical observations recorded in the "Tetrabiblos".


Electric Avenue (song)

"Electric Avenue" is a reggae song released by Guyanese singer Eddy Grant on his "Killer on the Rampage" album in January 1983. It is a reggae, synthpop, new wave, and disco song. Grant wrote and produced the song himself.

It reached #2 on both the United States and UK singles charts.

The song is named after a market street in Brixton, London, England. It has been covered by many artists.

Queen Latifah

Dana Elaine Owens (born March 18, 1970 in Newark, New Jersey), known professionally under the name Queen Latifah is an American, rapper, actress and singer. After she signed with Tommy Boy Records in 1989, Latifah released her first album "All Hail the Queen". She has won a Golden Globe award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, two Image Awards, a Grammy Award, six additional Grammy nominations, an Emmy Award nomination and an Academy Award nomination.

She is in a partnership with Eboni Nichols and has a son Rebel.

Studio albums

Queen + Paul Rodgers

Queen + Paul Rodgers was a rock band formed by Brian May and Roger Taylor, formerly of Queen, and Paul Rodgers of Bad Company, Free and The Firm.

Because of the popularity of Freddie Mercury, it was made clear that Paul Rodgers would not be replacing the former Queen lead singer, who died in 1991 from complications due to AIDS. Rodgers would be called ""featured with"" along with the former Queen members. When in concert Brian May, Roger Taylor and Paul Rodgers would be helped by keyboard player Spike Edney, rhythm guitarist Jamie Moses and bassist Danny Miranda.

The band recorded an album called The Cosmos Rocks. It was released in 2008.

In May, 2009 Paul Rodgers announced that Queen + Paul Rodgers had come to an end. He said "It was fun but was never meant to be a permanent arrangement". He said it was always possible that the band would get together again.

The Cosmos Rocks

The Cosmos Rocks is an album by Queen + Paul Rodgers. It was released on 15 September, 2008 in the Europe and on 28 October, 2008 in North America. The album has 14 songs written by Brian May, Paul Rodgers and Roger Taylor. It is the only studio album the former Queen members recorded with Paul Rodgers. The album received mostly bad reviews and it did not sell very many copies.

Kenji Onitake

Kenji Onitake (born 19 September 1939) is a former Japanese football player.

Manabu Nakamura

Manabu Nakamura (born 26 June 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

84||4||6||0||4||0||94||4
84||4||6||0||4||0||94||4

Edwin Uehara

44||5||2||0||10||1||56||6
44||5||2||0||10||1||56||6

Marián Gáborík

Marián Gáborík (born 14 February 1982) is a Slovak former professional ice hockey winger. He played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Minnesota Wild, New York Rangers, Columbus Blue Jackets, Los Angeles Kings, and Ottawa Senators. He served as the captain of the Minnesota Wild from March until April of 2008. Gáborík was the first player to score a goal for the Wild.

On March 5, 2014, Gáborík was traded to the Los Angeles Kings. On June 13, 2014, he won his first Stanley Cup when the Kings defeated the New York Rangers 4 games to 1. During the playoffs, Gáborík led the league with 14 goals.

On November 4, 2021, Gáborík announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.


MAR

MAR, short for Marchen Awakens Romance is a Japanese manga and anime. The manga ran from 2003-2006, while the anime ran from 2005-2007, made up of 102 episodes. A sequel was made named MAR Omega.

The story is about a Japanese boy named Ginta who journeys into a world named MAR Heaven, which is like a fairy tale. Here, magical items known as ARMs are used to perform different tasks. Ginta meets a witch named Dorothy who wants to find a powerful ARM called Babbo. Ginta and Dorothy find Babbo, but find he is alive and can talk, which other ARMS can't do. Babbo has no memory of who he is other than his name and becomes Ginta's friend.

Ginta travels around MAR Heaven, forming a group of friends which he calls Team MAR. Team MAR fight the Chess Pieces, an evil group of people who wish to turn MAR Heaven into a nightmare. Team MAR is forced to fight in the War Games, a fighting tournament, to defeat the Chess Pieces. Ginta also wishes to return home, looking for the ARM that brought him to MAR Heaven in the first place.

It is revealed near the end of the story that the King and Queen of the Chess Pieces are Ginta's father Danna controlled by an evil spirit called Caldia's Orb, and Dorothy's older sister Diana. Team MAR battles Caldia's Orb, Diana and the leader of the Chess Pieces' Knights, Phantom, in the floating Lestava Castle, and win, saving MAR Heaven. Ginta and Danna return home at the end of the story.

Team MAR is made up of the main heroes and characters of MAR. The team's goal is to defeat the Chess Pieces and save MAR Heaven from destruction. The members are:


The Chess Pieces are the main villains of MAR. They want to turn MAR Heaven into a nightmare. They are in groups named after the pieces of a chess game. The King and Queen, Caldia's Orb and Diana, are not in groups.


MyLifeIsAverage

MyLifeIsAverage (MLIA) is a website where people submit stories about their day. MLIA is similar to FMyLife, except the stories are about average things, rather than bad things. The stories are judged by several users. If enough users vote that the story is worthy of being posted, then it becomes the first story on the home page, and will later be pushed down the page. Anyone can submit a story. Users may click on a story to leave a comment. 

The stories almost always begin with the words "Today" and end with the phrase "MLIA". 

MLIA has received more than 100,000 stories. Most of the users are students in high school or college.

The co-founder of the site, Guru Khalsa, says that MLIA tries to "bring to light how much stupid and boring stuff gets posted on the Internet."


Check

The word Check has a number of meanings:

Chuck Knoblauch

Edward Charles "Chuck" Knoblauch (born July 7, 1968) is a retired Major League Baseball player. He played for the Minnesota Twins (1991–97), New York Yankees (1998–2001) and Kansas City Royals (2002). He played mostly as a second baseman before moving to left field for his last two seasons.


Romeo Crennel

Romeo Crennel (born June 18, 1947 in Lynchburg, Virginia) is the former head coach of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.

Der Rosenkavalier

Der Rosenkavalier (in English: The Knight of the Rose) is a comic opera by Richard Strauss. The words (libretto) were especially written for the opera by the German poet Hugo von Hofmannsthal.

It was first performed in Dresden on 26 January 1911 and was an immediate success. It continues to be a very popular opera in opera houses all over the world and has been performed more often than any other German language 20th century opera.

The story is supposed to be happening in Vienna in the time of the Empress Maria Theresa (mid to late 18th century). The music and the words deliberately show the elegant life of aristocratic society of that time. For example: the title of the opera is about the silver rose which traditionally was sent by a bridegroom to his bride and was brought by a knight (the Knight of the Rose).

Act I takes place in the Marschallin’s bedroom. The Marschallin is an aristocratic lady aged 32. She has a lover, a young boy aged 17 called Octavian. When the opera starts, we first hear an orchestral prologue. The music suggests that the Marschallin and Octavian are making love. Then the curtain opens and we see the two together. They hear a noise and the Marschallin thinks her husband is coming, so Octavian hides. It is not her husband, but her cousin Baron Ochs. Ochs is a very rude man with bad manners. He marches in to the Marschallin’s room although the servants had asked him to wait. Octavian manages to change his clothes and appears dressed as a maid called Mariandel. Ochs thinks “she” is pretty and wants “her” to meet him. Then he tells the Marschallin what he has come for: he wants a young knight to deliver the silver rose to his bride Sophie. He also needs a notary to sign the legal documents of the wedding. Ochs sings about the fun of making love. He wishes he were like Jupiter who was able to disguise himself in many ways.

The morning levée begins. This means: the ceremony of the Marschallin getting up. Several people come in. They include: an Italian tenor who sings an aria, two Italian people called Valzacchi and Annina, who are always spreading gossip, and a notary. When the notary tells Ochs that he needs to pay a dowry to his bride, not the other way round, Ochs is very angry.

When the Marschallin is left alone she sings a song about how she is losing her youthful looks. Octavian returns and cheers her up a bit, but she feels sad when he says goodbye very politely and formally, not even kissing her. The Marschallin sends her little black pageboy to run after him with the silver rose.

The story continues in the large room of the house of Herr von Faninal, the father of Sophie whom Ochs wants to marry. Sophie is waiting for the silver rose to arrive (the convention of the time says that her father must not be there). Octavian enters and gives her the rose. The music at this moment is very beautiful and very famous. The people in the room are talking, then Baron Ochs enters rudely. Sophie is shocked about his bad manners. Ochs hums his favourite waltz, then goes to the next room to sign a marriage contract. Sophie sinks into Octavian’s arms. When Ochs comes back, Octavian tells him Sophie does not want him, but Ochs will not listen. Eventually Ochs takes his sword and starts to fight Octavian, who wounds Ochs slightly. Ochs is furious, but calms down a little after he is given some wine.

Octavian has fallen in love with Sophie, and Sophie with him. He wants to use Valzacchi and Annina to help him with a plan. He writes a note to Ochs, which is supposed to be from the maid Mariandel, asking him to meet her. He gets Annina to take the note to Ochs, who is delighted when he reads it. He sings his favourite waltz.

The scene is an inn near Vienna. Valzacchi and Annina now work both for Octavian and for Ochs. They prefer working for Octavian because he pays them more money. They are planning tricks on Ochs.

Ochs meets Mariandel (Octavian dressed up as the maid again). He tries to get "her" drunk, but "she" shyly sings “Nein, nein! i’ trink kein Wein.” (“No, no, I don’t drink wine”). Ochs thinks "she" looks like Octavian. Then strange figures of people appear at a window. Then Annina comes in and says she is Ochs’s wife whom he has deserted. Then some children come in and say that Ochs is their father. Ochs is very embarrassed when Faninal comes in and says Mariandel is his fiancée. He tells the people he has never seen Faninal before. Then the Marschallin appears and also the police. The evening is a disaster for Ochs. The Marschallin tells the police it is just a joke. She sends Ochs away.

The Marschallin, Sophie and Octavian sing a beautiful trio (using some of the music from the song “Nein, nein, i’ trink kein Wein”). Octavian is forgiven. He is left alone with Sophie and they sing a duet together, then go off hand in hand. She has left a handkerchief on the floor. The little black pageboy picks it up and runs after them.

The language used by Hofmannsthal changes according to who is speaking. The members of the nobility speak in very elegant language which is often old-fashioned and always very polite. When good friends speak to one another they often use the familiar ("du") (“you” when used between very close friends). For example: Octavian and the Marschallin often use the familiar "you" but sometimes use ("Sie") when they are being more formal.

Baron Ochs is always showing off and the words he uses show this. When Octavian pretends to be the maid Mariandel he speaks in an Austrian dialect. Valzacchi and Annina also speak in a dialect, but their German is not perfect and often mixed with Italian.

All this makes it particularly difficult to sing the opera in any other language.

The New Kobbé Opera book, ed. The Earl of Harewood and Antony Peattie; 

Dagger

A dagger is a knife which is used to stab people. It has a double-edged blade, so it cannot be used for normal cutting like a knife.

Daggers are small, so they can often be hidden under the attacker's clothing and then suddenly produced.

They were also used in the Middle Ages for the infantry armies to defend or attack their opponents.

Some people like Julius Caesar were assassinated with a dagger.

Ronnie Wood

Ronald David "Ronnie" Wood (born 1 June 1947) is an English rock guitarist and bassist. 

Prior to his work with the Rolling Stones, Wood was the guitarist in the English rock band Faces. He was in Faces from 1969 until the band broke up in 1975. 

He is best known as a member of The Rolling Stones. He first worked with the band as a touring guitarist for their 1975 world tour. 

In February 1976 he was made a full-time member and has recorded and toured with the band ever since. 

In addition to the Rolling Stones, Wood has maintained a solo music career. 

Since 1974 he has recorded and released 12 studio and live albums. 

Ronnie Wood was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a member of The Rolling Stones.

From 1967 until 1969 Wood was the bass guitar player for The Jeff Beck Group.

Wood has also had a lot of success as a painter. In the early 1960s, he trained at Ealing Art College. His paintings and prints have been shown in art galleries all over the world. A London art gallery named "Scream" is co-owned by Wood and his sons. The clothing company "Liberty & Co." have produced a clothing line using fabric that has been printed with Wood's art.


Mick Taylor

Michael Kevin "Mick" Taylor (born 17 January 1949) is an English musician best known as a former member of John Mayall's Bluesbreakers and The Rolling Stones. He is well known for his skills as a "slide guitar" player. He also plays piano, bass and drums.

Taylor was born in Welwyn Garden City. He was raised in Hatfield.

He formed his first band "The Gods" in 1965. He played together with Ken Hensley (later with Uriah Heep). Other musicians were Greg Lake (later with Emerson, Lake and Palmer) and John Glascock. 1966 he left the band and joined John Mayall´s Bluesbreakers. He replaced there Peter Green. In June 1969 the Rolling Stones looked for a new guitarist and they found Mick Taylor. His first gig as band member of the Stones was the concert in Hyde Park on 5 July 1969 . The concert was in memory of the late Brian Jones.

Like Bill Wyman he was never the show man on stage. Due to Richards drug problem he did a lot of guitar work for the albums. Jagger and Taylor recorded "Sway", "Moonlight Mile", "Winter", "Till the Next Goodbye" and "Time Waits For No One". But Taylor never earned money for this work. As Richards critizied his guitar playing he decided in December 1974 to leave the Stones.

Taylor's onstage presence with the Rolling Stones is preserved on the album "Get Yer Ya-Yas Out!", recorded in New York and Boston in November 1969; in the documentary films "Stones in the Park" (released on DVD in 2001), "Gimme Shelter" (released in 1970) and "Cocksucker Blues" (unreleased); and in the concert film "" (shown in cinemas in 1974). Bootleg recordings from the Rolling Stones' tours from 1969 through 1973 also document Taylor's concert performances with the Rolling Stones.

Compared to the Rolling Stones time his solo career was not very successful. After leaving the Stones he formed together with Jack Bruce, Carla Bley and Bruce Gary the Jack Bruce Band. The project failed due to musical differences between Bruce and Taylor. But despite the split Taylor was often guitar player on solo projects of Rolling Stones members. For example he played om Richards album "Talk is cheap" from 1988. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted Mick Taylor along with the Rolling Stones in 1989.In the early 1990s he played for Bill Wyman´s Rhythm Kings.



Non-Rolling Stones work with Rolling Stones members:





released on CD (A& M - Japan, 2002)
Originally released by Alpha Music in 1996, this "Mick Taylor featuring Sasha" album should have read "Sasha featuring Mick Taylor", but the company felt it would sell better under a household name. It features Mick Taylor on guitar, but is basically a Sasha Gracanin album.




Music DVDs - Unofficial


Standing army

A standing army is an army that is made up of full-time soldiers. It is kept ready even in times of peace. to attack, invade, or defend. It is more prepared for war than militias or military reserves.

A few states have had standing armies for thousands of years, but they became more popular only during the Late Middle Ages. The term's use started around 1600.

Marechal Deodoro

Marechal Deodoro is a Brazilian municipality of Alagoas state. Its population reached, in 2004, 41,538 inhabitants and the municipality is part of Maceió Metropolitan Region.

Brian Jones

Lewis Brian Hopkin Jones (28 February 1942 – 3 July 1969) was an English musician. He is best known as one of the founding members of the rock band The Rolling Stones. 

Jones was a founding member of the Rolling Stones. He made the group along with Mick Jagger and Keith Richards in 1962. 

During his early career, Brian performed live under the fake name "Elmo Lewis". 

The Rolling Stones would go on to have well known songs such as Paint It Black and Ruby Tuesday. 

Jones was known for his ability to play multiple instruments including: guitar, harmonica, piano, organ, mellotron, sitar, recorder, saxophone, drums and marimba as well as many others.

In his last few years, Brian was a drug and alcohol abuser ,which led to him being fired from the Rolling Stones on 8 June 1969. 

Just after midnight on 3 July 1969 Jones was discovered dead at the bottom of his swimming pool at his home in Sussex, England. The details surrounding his death were controversial and Jones' girlfriend claimed he was murdered. However the coroner's official report stated that Jones had drowned and declared the incident a "death by misadventure." The coroner noted that his liver and heart were greatly enlarged by his long-term drug and alcohol abuse. Jones was one of the first members of the 27 Club.


1st millennium

The 1st millennium was a period of time from January 1, 1 A.D. to December 31, 1000 A.D.

Cho Kwi-jae

Cho Kwi-Jea (born 16 January 1969) used to be a South Korean football player.

133||0||7||0||12||0||152||0
133||0||7||0||12||0||152||0

Aílton (footballer, born 1973)

Aílton Gonçalves da Silva (born 19 July 1973) is a Brazilian football player. In 2004, he was named the German Footballer of the Year.


Landskrona BoIS

Landskrona BoIS is an association football club in the town of Landskrona in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons.


IFK Malmö

IFK Malmö is a association football club in the town of Malmö in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons.


Västerås IK

Västerås IK is an association football club which in the town of Västerås in Sweden. The club played in Allsvenskan during the 1924/1925 season.


Sandvikens IF

Sandvikens IF is an association football club in the town of Sandviken in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons.


Gefle IF

Gefle IF is an association football club in the town of Gävle in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons.


IK Brage

IK Brage is an association football club in the town of Borlänge in Sweden.


Degerfors IF

Degerfors IF is a association football club in Degerfors in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons where it ended up second in 1941 and 1963.The club also won the Swedish cup in 1993.


Marcelo Trivisonno

Marcelo Trivisonno (born June 8, 1966) is a former Argentine football player.

Fernando Gago

Fernando Gago (born 10 April 1986) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Real Madrid and Argentina national team. 

Boca Juniors

Real Madrid

Vélez Sarsfield
Argentina U20
Argentina U23
Argentina
Individual

Racing Club

Gwak Kyung-keun

Gwak Kyung-Keun (born 10 October 1972) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

206||36
206||36

!Total||7||0

Jönköpings Södra IF

Jönköpings Södra IF is an association football club in the town of Jönköping in Sweden. The club finished up on the second place at Allsvenskan in 1950. The club once again qualifyed for Allsvenskan again on 17 October 2015. 


Örebro SK

Örebro SK is an association football club in the town of Örebro in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons.


Råå IF

Råå IF is an association football club in the small village of Råå south of Helsingborg in Sweden. The club won the Swedish cup in 1948. It has played in Allsvenskan where it ended up second during the season of 1950-1951.


Västerås SK Fotboll

Västerås SK is a association football club in the town of Västerås in Sweden. The club has played in Allsvenskan.


Takafumi Hori

294||27||24||3||44||4||362||34
294||27||24||3||44||4||362||34

Kim Joo-sung

Kim Joo-Sung (born 17 January 1966) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

204||34
34||4
238||38

!Total||76||14

Edmílson Matias

Edmílson Matias (born 26 March 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

83||36||9||3||9||2||101||41
83||36||9||3||9||2||101||41

GIF Sundsvall

GIF Sundsvall is an association football club in the town of Sundsvall in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons. The club's mascot is Giffen.


IFK Sundsvall

IFK Sundsvall is an association football club in the town of Sundsvall in Sweden. The team played in Allsvenskan during the late 1970's and early 1980's.


Mark Bowen

Mark Bowen (born 7 December 1963) is a former Welsh football player. He has played for Wales national team.

403||32
7||3
410||35

!Total||41||3

Francisco Molinero

Francisco Molinero (born 26 July 1985) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Dinamo Bucureşti.

69||1
0||0
69||1

Swedish Division 1

Swedish Division 1 is a football league which is third division in Sweden.


BK Häcken

BK Häcken is an association football club on the island of Hisingen in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. 

The men's soccer team won the Swedish Cup during the seasons of 2015–2016, 2018–2019 and 2022-23. It also won the 2022 edition of Allsvenskan and became Swedish champions for first time.


Trelleborgs FF

Trelleborgs FF is a association football club in the town of Trelleborg in Sweden. The club has played several Allsvenskan seasons, debuting in 1985.


Västra Frölunda IF

Västra Frölunda IF is an association football club in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. The club debuted at Allsvenskan in 1987.


Kiruna FF

Kiruna FF is an association football club in the town of Kiruna in Sweden. The club has played in the Swedish second-division.

Umeå FC

Umeå FC is an association football club in the town of Umeå in Sweden. The club played in Allsvenskan during the 1996 season.


IK Oddevold

IK Oddevold is an association football club in the town of Uddevalla in Sweden. The club played in Allsvenskan during the 1996 season.


Ljungskile SK

Ljungskile SK is an association football club in Ljungskile in Sweden. The club played it's first Allsvenskan season in 1997.


Enköpings SK FK

Enköpings SK is an association football club in the town of Enköping in Sweden. The club played in Allsvenskan during the 2003 season.


Assyriska FF

Assyriska Föreningen is a football club which plays in Sweden.

Santiago Denia Sánchez

Santiago Denia Sánchez (born 9 March 1974) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

361||10
361||10
!Total||2||0

Seydou Doumbia

Seydou Doumbia (; born 31 December 1987) is an Ivorian former professional association footballer who played as a forward.

CSKA Moscow

FC Basel

Sporting CP

Ħamrun Spartans
Ivory Coast
Individual

Pedro II of Brazil

Dom Pedro II of Brazil (complete name: "Pedro de Alcântara João Carlos Leopoldo Salvador Bibiano Francisco Xavier de Paula Leocádio Miguel Gabriel Rafael Gonzaga"; Rio de Janeiro, December 2, 1825 — Paris, December 5, 1891), known as "O Magnânimo" ("The Magnanimous") (), was the second and last de facto Brazilian Emperor. He was the seventh son of Pedro I and the archduchess Maria Leopoldina of Austria. Pedro II succeeded his father in the Brazilian Throne when he was 16 years of age. Pedro I had to return to Portugal in order to rule over the country as an Emperor and this action made him abdicate from the Brazilian Throne in favor of his son. But, when in Portugal, Pedro I renounced the Portuguese Throne, in favor of his eldest daughter Dona Maria da Glória.

Pedro II was nephew of Miguel I (father's part), Napoleon Bonaparte (mother's part) and cousin of Emperors Napoleon II, Franz Joseph I and Maximilian I of Mexico. He was Maria da Glória's youngst brother and uncle of kings Pedro V and Luís I.

President of Brazil

The president of Brazil (), officially the president of the Federative Republic of Brazil () or simply the "President of the Republic", is the head of state and head of government of Brazil. The current President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva since 2023, who was President of Brazil from 2003 to 2010.

The national constitution says that a president be a native-born citizen of Brazil, at least 35 years of age, a resident of Brazil, a registered voter, and a member of a political party.

The president of Brazil can only be president for a term of four years, and may be re-elected for a second four term. This two-term limit, however, is not for life—a former president who has served for two consecutive terms may run for the presidency again after at least one term has ended.

The longest-lived President was Venceslau Brás, who died on May 15 1966 (at the age of ).

The most recent President to die was Itamar Franco, who died on July 2, 2011.


Barry Manilow

Barry Manilow (born Barry Alan Pincus; June 17, 1943 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American singer-songwriter, actor and musician. He is best known for songs such as "Could It Be Magic", "Mandy", "Can't Smile Without You", and "Copacabana (At the Copa)".



Manilow officially came out as gay in April 2017, telling "People" that he had kept his sexual orientation quiet out of concern that it would disappoint his largely female fan base, but when his fans learned of the marriage, they were supportive.

Bobby Abreu

Bob Kelly "Bobby" Abreu (born March 11, 1974, in Turmero, Venezuela), is a Major League Baseball player. He plays with the Los Angeles Dodgers. His nicknames are "El Comedulce" and also "La Luche".


Gabriel Zakuani

Gabriel Zakuani (born 31 May 1986 in Kinshasa) is a football player from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who currently plays for Peterborough United.

Dubstep

Dubstep (also known as dubstep remix or remix dubstep) is a genre of music that started in South London, it drew influence from 2-step garage, dub, drum and bass, grime and reggae. A popular dubstep producer Skrillex changed the genre into something much heavier with more growls, gritty basslines and fat sub-basses. 

Since then, the dubstep scene has changed a lot with dubstep going from the underground genre that it was to a mainstream one. It has been played on big festivals, like Ultra Music Festival and Lost Lands.

Dubstep is usually instrumental. Its tempo usually ranges between 138 to 150 beats per minute. Many songs have two bass drops, where a switch of rhythm and/or bass line occurs and usually follows a recognizable build section and break.

A style of Americanized, heavier and aggressive form of dubstep is referred to as brostep, which has become very popular. It was started by Skrillex..


Washington Capitols

The Washington Capitols were a basketball that played in the NBA from 1946 to 1951, when it folded (stopped being a team). They went to the NBA Finals in 1949, when they were beaten by the Minneapolis Lakers. Their coach was Red Auerbach, and their players include Bob Feerick and Horace McKinney.

George Ouzounian

George Ouzounian (born March 27, 1978), known online as Maddox, is an American blogger, satirist and writer. In 2006 he wrote the book "The Alphabet of Manliness" which ranked number 2 in New York Times Best Seller List in the "Advice, How-To, and Miscellaneous" category and number 1 on Amazon.com's sales chart. He is a slightly well known personality on the internet, who achieved a small amount of fame due to his website "The Best Page in the Universe". The websites consists of satirical ramblings about society, manliness, pirates, celebrities, fat people, Garfield etc. 


LinuxLive USB Creator

LinuxLive USB Creator is a free software for Windows that allows users to create bootable Live USB systems for many Linux distributions.

This software is designed to be as easy to use as possible. Its graphical interface uses a step by step approach and some traffic lights indicates to the user if each mandatory steps are validated.




Simple machine

A simple machine is a device that can change the direction or the magnitude of a force, or the point where it is applied. This is done so that the force can be used to do work. All mechanical machines are made by combining simple machines.

There are six basic "simple machines", as defined by Renaissance scientists: 

The use of simple machines can be traced back to "homo habilis" (the first humans to use tools), but certain animals other than man also use them. 

A "compound machine" is made up of two or more simple machines.

List of state routes in New York

This is a list of numbered state highways in the U.S. state of New York. Signed state highways in New York, referred to as "touring routes" by the New York State Department of Transportation, are numbered from 1 to 899. A large number of unsigned state highways, known as "reference routes", are numbered from 900 to 999 and often have a suffix. 

The 900 through 999 designations are reserved for reference routes, which are unsigned state-maintained highways of varying length. Four of these routes have been incorrectly signed as touring routes. These cases are listed below.



Sydney, Nova Scotia

Sydney (2001 population: 24,115) is a Canadian community in the province of Nova Scotia. It is located on the east coast of Cape Breton Island and is part of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality.

Sydney was incorporated in 1904 and dissolved on August 1, 1995 when it was added into the regional municipality. 

Baron Davis

Baron Walter Louis Davis (born April 13, 1979 in Los Angeles, California) is a professional basketball player who currently plays for the New York Knicks of the NBA. He played college basketball at UCLA. Davis has also played in the NBA for the Charlotte/New Orleans Hornets from 1999 to 2005, the Golden State Warriors from 2005 to 2008, the Los Angeles Clippers from 2008 to 2011 and the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2011.


Manchester F.C.

Manchester F.C. may be one of the following football (soccer) teams:

Song of the South

Song of the South is a movie produced by Walt Disney. It was released on November 12, 1946, by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories written by Joel Chandler Harris.

"Song of the South" has never been fully released on home video in the USA because of content which some people could see as racism towards black people and is thus subject to rumors. However, a song from the movie, Zip a Dee Doo Dah, is very popular, and there is a ride based on the movie at various Disney theme parks, though it was recently announced that it will be changed to a ride based on The Princess and the Frog as a result of the George Floyd protests. The movie also got a limited home video release in Asia, Europe, and South America.

Sony Music Entertainment

Sony Music Entertainment (or Sony Music) is the second-largest global recorded music company of the "big three" record companies and is controlled by Sony Corporation of America.



1970 Bhola cyclone

The 1970 Bhola cyclone was the strongest storm of the 1970 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. The Bhola cyclone made landfall in East Pakistan (today known as Bangladesh). Since the Bhola cyclone killed from 300,000 to 500,000 people, the Bhola cyclone holds the world record as the deadliest storm. Most of the people that were killed, were killed in East Pakistan (Bangladesh), because of the storm surge that caused flooding. 

The Bhola cyclone was also one of the deadliest natural disaster in modern times. It also affected India and left $86.4 million in damage. This cyclone was the sixth cyclonic storm of the 1970 North Indian Ocean cyclone season.



Snake River Plain

The Snake River Plain is a valley in the U.S. state of Idaho. It covers most of the southern part of the state and is transected by the Snake River. The Snake River Plain was formed by magma rising up below the North American Plate. As the plate moved westward, the magma melted rock under the plate. This melting caused the surface to drop and form the Snake River Plain. Underneath the plain is the Snake River Aquifer. The aquifer is fed by the Snake River and its tributaries. Much of the soil in the Snake River Plain is fertile. As a result, today the primary human purpose of the plain is for agriculture.

North American plate

The North American plate is a large tectonic plate. It covers most of North America. Also it includes Greenland, Cuba, the Bahamas, extreme northeastern Asia, and parts of Iceland and the Azores. Its area is . It is the Earth's second largest tectonic plate, behind the Pacific Plate (which borders the plate to the west).

It extends east to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and west to the Chersky Range in eastern Siberia. The plate includes both continental and oceanic crust. The interior of the landmass is an extensive granitic craton. Along most of the edges of this craton are fragments of crustal material called terranes. They are stuck on (accreted) to the craton over a long span of time. Much of North America west of the Rocky Mountains is composed of such terranes.

Xinhua News Agency

Xinhua News Agency (English pronunciation: ), or New China News Agency, is the official state press agency of the People's Republic of China. Xinhua is the largest media organization in China. It is also the largest news agency based on by the number of worldwide correspondents. Xinhua is a part of the State Council. It is the highest ranking media outlet in the country. He Ping, President of Xinhua, is a member of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP).

Xinhua is a publisher as well as a news agency. It has more than 170 news bureaus in other countries and 33 bureaus in China. It has one in each provincial administrative division. It also has a military bureau. Xinhua is a major source of information about the CCP and Chinese central government. Its headquarters is in Beijing . They are close to the central government's headquarters at Zhongnanhai.

Xinhua publishes in 10 languages. Xinhua has been criticized for spreading state propaganda, disinformation, and for criticizing things that disagree with the CCP.

Wijerd Jelckama

Wijerd Jelckama (1490 – July 7 1523) was a Frisian freedom fighter, legendary warrior, warlord, rebel and pirate.

Jelckama was born in the year 1490 in a large family of farmers and petty noblemen. He was descended from knights who had participated in the Crusades. One of his ancestors from his father's side of the family had died at the Siege of Antioch.

Jelckama was married to a woman by the name of Fokel, the exact year of their marriage is unknown. She survived for longer than her husband but died in 1553. They had two daughters and a son. Their son was named Janco Douwes Jelckama (1514-1587)and their daughters were named Bonga (1516-1575) and Fokel (1517-1546).

Grandchildren and great-grandchildren of Jelckama are known.
A great-granddaughter who died in 1625 probably ended Jelckama's official bloodline.

Together with Pier Gerlofs Donia, Jelckama fought against the Saxon warriors that occupied their homeland of Frisia, at the capture of Medemblik, and in the siege of Middelburg castle.

Jelckama served as Donia's lieutenant for the first five years. After Donia had died in 1520, Jelckama took over the command of the armies. He had been the commander of the Arumer Black Heap and the main leader of the Frisian rebellion against the House of Habsburg since as early as 1519.

Author Wopke Eekhoff described Jelckama as being as sturdy as his giant uncle, who was himself reportedly at least 7 feet tall and once lifted a 1000-pound horse above his head.
Jelckama himself was strong enough to lift a horse over his shoulders high up in the air. His height is documented at 7 feet.

After a series of defeats, he and what was left of the Frisian army were captured in 1523 and taken to the city of Leeuwarden in Frisia. There they were executed. The execution took place in public. It took the executioner four blows to sever Jelckama's head from his extremely thick neck.

With the death of Jelckama and the rebels, the independence of Frisia came to an end. It was the last successful revolt in Frisian history and is remembered as such to this day.

The Happiest Millionaire

The Happiest Millionaire is a 1967 musical movie, based upon the true story of Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle. The movie received an Academy Award nomination for Costume Design by Bill Thomas. The musical song score is by Robert and Richard Sherman. The screenplay is by AJ Carothers based on the play that was based on the book "My Philadelphia Father" by Cordelia Drexel Biddle. This was the last live-action musical comedy movie produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production.


The songs "Let's Have A Drink On It" and "Fortuosity" are used in the Main Street USA loops at the Disneyland-style parks.

Shinji Tanaka

Tanaka was born in Saitama on September 25, 1960. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nissan Motors in 1983. The club won 1983 and 1985 Emperor's Cup. From 1988 to 1990, the club won all three major title in Japan; Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup for 2 years in a row. He was also selected Best Eleven in 1989/90. In 1990s, he lost opportunity to play in the match. He moved to J1 League club Urawa Reds in 1992 and Japan Football League club Kyoto Purple Sanga in 1994. He retired in 1995.

In August 1979, when Tanaka was a Chuo University student, he was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1979 World Youth Championship and he played all 3 games. In March 1980, he was selected the Japan national team for 1980 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on March 30, he debuted against Malaysia. In December, he also played at 1982 World Cup qualification. In 1984, he played at 1984 Summer Olympics qualification for the first time in 3 years. In 1985, he also played at 1986 World Cup qualification. He played 17 games for Japan until 1985.

After retirement, Tanaka became a manager for Japan Football League club Otsuka Pharmaceutical (later "Tokushima Vortis"). The club won the champions in 2003 and 2004, and was promoted to J2 League. He was sacked in September 2006.

169||0||7||0||17||0||193||0
169||0||7||0||17||0||193||0

!Total||17||0

Jean-Marie Pfaff

Jean-Marie Pfaff (born 4 December 1953) is a former Belgian football player. He has played for Belgium national team.

299||0
156||0
455||0

!Total||64||0

Beveren

Bayern Munich

Belgium

Individual

IF Sylvia

IF Sylvia is an association football club in the town of Norrköping in Sweden. The club has played in Superettan.


Qviding FIF

Qviding FIF is an association football club in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. The club debuted in Superettan in 1987.


Syrianska FC

Syrianska FC is an association football club in the town of Södertälje in Sweden. The club was founded by Aramean refugees in Sweden. The club debuted in Allsvenskan in 2011.


FC Trollhättan

FC Trollhättan is an association football club in the town of Trollhättan in Sweden. The club has played in Superettan.


Edu Marangon

Edu Marangon (born February 2, 1963) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

104||14||||||||||104||14
22||2||||||||||22||2
2||0||||||||||2||0
67||18||5||5||6||2||78||25
195||34||5||5||6||2||206||41

!Total||9||1


Michael Obiku

Michael Obiku (born 24 September 1968) is a former Nigerian football player. He has played for Nigeria national team.

34||17||||||||||34||17
0||0||||||||||0||0
90||47||||||||||90||47
84||25||||||||||84||25
14||9||||||||||14||9
26||14||||||||||26||14
25||9||3||1||4||2||32||12
273||121||3||1||4||2||280||124

Marcelo Silva Ramos

Marcelo Silva Ramos (born 25 June 1973) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Santa Cruz.

289||103||||||||||289||103
22||11||||||||||22||11
52||20||4||1||7||3||63||24
28||5||||||||||28||5
391||139||4||1||7||3||402||143

FC Energie Cottbus

FC Energie Cottbus is a German football club from Cottbus. They are also known as ´´Energie`` or ´´Die Lausitzer``.
Thery have been switching between the Bundesliga and the 2. Bundesliga (second division) several times. Currently, they play in the 2nd division as they got relegated by 1.FC Nuremberg.
Energie Cottbus was founded in 1966 but the team had a lot of other names. The history goes back to 1919 where the club was originally founded by coal miners as FSV Glückauf Brieske-Senftenberg. From 1924 to 1933 the club was called SV Sturm Grube Marga. In 1933 the club was banned by the Naziparty.

In 1949 the club was refounded as BSG Franz Mehring Grube, becoming BSG Aktivist Brieske-Ost in 1950.The club was re-named SC Aktivist Brieske-Senftenberg in 1954 and played in the DDR-Oberliga and was in the midfield of the table.In the early 1960s the club was relegated till Cottbus Bezirksliga. One squad formed a new team in 1963 SC Energie Cottbus, the reserve team formed BSG Aktivist Senftenberg. The club still exists as FSV Glückauf Brieske-Senftenberg today.

After the German reunification Energie Cottbus was one of the few teams which played successfully in the German professional football. 

"As of 21 January 2011" 



Battle of Curupaity

The Battle of Curupaity happened between the joint force (composed of Empire of Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay) and Paraguay during the War of the Triple Alliance on September 22, 1866.

Chronic stress

Chronic stress is stress that happens over a long period of time. It is different than acute stress, which happens over a short period of time and then goes away.

Stress is a normal part of every living thing's daily life. However, when stress becomes chronic, it can damage the body and the mind. When a person (or animal) is stressed, the body reacts in certain ways - for example, by releasing chemicals called corticosteroids. If this happens again and again, over a long period of time, it can change the way the brain works. These changes can damage working memory spatial memory, and decision-making skills. They can also increase aggression.

Chronic stress can cause (or worsen) many different medical problems. For example, people who have had chronic stress are more likely to get hypertension (high blood pressure) and heart disease.


Eustress

Eustress is positive or good stress. It is the opposite of distress. Eustress is the positive stress that a person gets from riding a roller coaster, or a high speed bike, or singing in front of an audience. People may feel very good afterwards if they experience eustress. 

People often have the same physical reactions (sweating, trembling, shivering, etc.) for both eustress and distress.

Conservative Party (Empire of Brazil)

The Conservative Party was a Brazilian political party of the Imperial period, which was formed circa 1836 and was made extinct with the Proclamation of the Republic, in 1889. This party arose from the Restoration Party, which was a reunion of the old "Caramurus" and the dissident group of moderate liberals. The conservative party was also known as "regressist", being a counterpart to the Liberal Party, whose leader was Padre Feijó.

UK Singles Chart

The UK Singles Chart is made by Official Charts Company (OCC) for the British record industry. The full chart lists the top 100 singles. These are judged by combined record sales, downloads, streams and YouTube video views, though some media outlets only list the Top 40 (such as the BBC) or the Top 75 (such as Music Week Magazine) of this list. 

Around 6,500 UK stores help with sales data, as well as most UK online digital download stores. Unlike in the U.S., no airplay statistics are used for the official UK Singles Chart. The chart week runs starts on Friday and goes to Thursday. Most UK singles are released on Fridays.


Rotation (music)

In broadcasting, rotation is the repeated airing of the limited playlist of songs on a radio station or satellite radio channel, or music videos on a TV network. They are usually in a different order each time, however they are not completely shuffled, so as to avoid playing the same song again too long or short apart.

Heavy rotation or power rotation is a term that applies to a list of songs that get the most airplay on a radio station. Songs in heavy rotation will be played many times in a 24-hour period.

Rockfield Studios

Rockfield Studios, near Monmouth in Wales and just outside the village of Rockfield, Monmouthshire, are where many of British rock music’s most successful recordings have been made.

Impersonator

An impersonator is someone who imitates or copies the behavior or actions of another. There are many reasons for someone to be an impersonator, some common ones being as follows:


Sergio Rodríguez García

Sergio Rodríguez García (born 17 August 1984) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Hércules.

57||2
0||0
57||2

Steven Tweed

Steven Tweed (born 8 August 1972) is a Scottish football player. He plays for Montrose.

260||9
2||0
39||0
50||0
83||8
434||17

Dennis Lawrence

Dennis Lawrence (born 1 August 1974) is a Trinidad and Tobago football player. He plays for San Juan Jabloteh and Trinidad and Tobago national team.

Wrexham

Swansea

Trinidad and Tobago

Individual

Igor Akinfeev

Igor Akinfeev (born 8 April 1986) is a Russian football player. He plays for CSKA Moscow and Russia national team.

Appearances and goals by national team and year
CSKA Moscow 

Russia

Individual

Jérémy Menez

Jérémy Menez (born 7 May 1987) is a French football player. He plays for A.C. Milan.

112||21||9||1||5||0||6||0||132||22
29||4||2||0||colspan="2"|-||3||0||34||4
141||25||11||1||5||0||9||0||166||26

Andreas Görlitz

Andreas Görlitz (born 31 January 1982) is a German football player. He plays for Bayern Munich.

104||1||6||0||4||0||114||1
104||1||6||0||4||0||114||1

!Total||2||0

Ramón Medina Bello

Ramón Medina Bello (born April 29, 1966) is a former Argentine football player. He has appeared for the Argentina national team.

He appeared in 2 games during the 1994 FIFA World Cup.






Aurelio Vidmar

Aurelio Vidmar (born 3 February 1967) is a former Australian football player. He has played for Australia national team.

294||52||||||||||294||52
119||57||||||||||119||57
15||2||||||||||15||2
14||7||||||||||14||7
25||1||||||||||25||1
24||6||3||1||2||1||29||8
491||125||3||1||2||1||496||127

!Total||44||17

Yellow Pages

The term Yellow Pages refers to a telephone directory of businesses, categorized according to the product or service provided. As the name suggests, such directories were originally printed on yellow paper, as opposed to white pages for non-commercial listings. The traditional term "Yellow Pages" is now also applied to online directories of businesses.

Luka Modrić

Luca Modric (; born 9 September 1985) is a Croatian football player who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Real Madrid and is the captain of the Croatia national team.

110||30||||||||||13||3||123||33
22||8||||||||||||||22||8
34||3||2||1||4||0||4||1||44||5
166||41||2||1||4||0||17||4||189||46

!Total||36||7

Irish Singles Chart

The Irish Singles Chart is the Republic of Ireland music industry standard singles popularity chart issued weekly by the Irish Recorded Music Association and compiled on behalf of the IRMA by Chart-Track. Chart rankings are based on sales, which are compiled through over-the-counter retail data captured electronically each day from retailers' EPOS systems. Currently all major record stores and over forty independents submit data for the charts, accounting for over 80% of the market, according to Chart-Track. A new chart is compiled and officially released to the public by the Irish Recorded Music Association on Friday at noon. Each chart is dated with the "week-ending" date of the previous Thursday (i.e. the day before issue).

Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique

The Syndicat national de l'édition phonographique (SNEP) is the inter-professional organisation which protects the interests of the French record industry. SNEP was established in 1922, and has 48 member companies.

Recorded Music NZ

The Recorded Music NZ, before June 2013: Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ) is a non-profit trade association of record producers, distributors and recording artists in New Zealand. Membership of RIANZ is open to any record label operating in New Zealand.

Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal

U2 holds the record for most awards with a total of seven, followed by Aerosmith with four awards.



Grammy Award for Best Rock Song

The Grammy Award for Best Rock Song has been awarded since 1992. The award is presented to the writers of the song. Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year. Bruce Springsteen is the category's biggest winner, at four awards.

Cancer Council Australia

The Cancer Council Australia is a national, not-for-profit organisation which aims to promote cancer-control policies and to reduce the illness caused by cancer in Australia. It advises various groups, including the government, on cancer-related issues, acts as an advocate for cancer patients and their families, and is a major funding contributor towards cancer research.

Safety (EP)

Safety is an extended play album by English band Coldplay. It was the band's first public release. It was recorded over a weekend during May 1998, and was intended as a demo for record companies. It was financed by the band and their manager Phil Harvey for around £200.


Edisto Beach, South Carolina

Edisto Beach is a town in Colleton County, South Carolina, United States. In 2020, 1,033 people lived there. Edisto Beach was formed by the Edistow Indians and was discovered by the Spanish in the late 1500s. 

Edisto Beach is located at (32.487613, -80.324402).


Oregon Inlet

Oregon Inlet is an inlet along North Carolina's Outer Banks. It joins the Pamlico Sound with the Atlantic Ocean and separates Bodie Island from Pea Island, which are kept together by a bridge over this inlet. It is home to a Coast Guard station.


Hi-hat

A hi-hat, or hihat, is a pair of cymbals which can be pushed together with a pedal. It is usually part of a drum kit, and is used in many forms of music including reggae, jazz and rock and roll as well as many others.

Overdubbing

Overdubbing (the process of making an overdub, or overdubs) is a technique used by recording studios to add extra recorded sounds to a previously recorded performance.

Fort Ticonderoga

Fort Ticonderoga (), formerly Fort Carillon, is a large 18th-century star fort. It is in New York State.

Chesapeake Bay

The Chesapeake Bay () is the largest estuary in the United States. It lies off the Atlantic Ocean and is surrounded by Maryland and Virginia. The bay's watershed covers in the District of Columbia and parts of six states: New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, and West Virginia. More than 150 rivers and streams drain into it.

The Chesapeake Bay is about 200 miles (300 km) long, from the Susquehanna River in the north to the Atlantic Ocean. At its narrowest point between Kent County's Plum Point (near Newtown) and the Harford County shore near Romney Creek, the bay isabout 2.8 miles (4.5 km) wide. At the widest location, it is 30 miles (50 km) wide. The bay is deep on average.

The bay has two bridges over it. The Chesapeake Bay Bridge crosses the bay in Maryland from Sandy Point (near Annapolis) to Kent Island. The Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel in Virginia connects Virginia Beach to Cape Charles.


Surf City, North Carolina

Surf City is a town in Pender and Onslow counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 3,867 lived in the town.

Surf City is located at (34.428137, -77.543198). According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 25.6 square miles (13.7 km²). 7.6 square miles (19.7 km²) of it is land and 2.3 square miles (5.9 km²) of it (23.1%) is water.


Wallace and Gromit

Wallace and Gromit are the main characters in a series of animations by Aardman Animations. Wallace is an absent-minded inventor while Gromit is his faithful dog. They have starred in several short movies for BBC television in the UK, and one full length feature movie. "Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit" is the longest claymation movie ever made. It was created in five years. It stars Peter Sallis as Wallace. Unfortunately the voice actor Peter Sallis has died as of 2017. He is now replaced by Ben Whitehead. In 2022 they announced a new Wallace and Gromit movie along with a sequel to Chicken Run. Not much is known about this new movie but fans it’s in theaters in 2024. The old props from their films like a Grand Day Out and The Wrong Trousers were burned in a unexpected fire in 2005. Along with old story boards. This duo today is one of the most recognizable in claymation history. 

They are said to have saved Wensleydale cheese. 

Marty Wright

Martin "Marty" Wright (born 15 July, 1964) is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name The Boogeyman.


Baker's dozen

A baker's dozen is 13, one more than a regular dozen. It is also known as a long dozen or devil's dozen.

Pro Tools

Pro Tools is a Digital Audio Workstation platform for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows operating systems. It was developed and manufactured by Digidesign. Digidesign a division of Avid Technology. Pro Tools is similar to a multi-track tape recorder and mixer. It has other features that can only be done in the digital medium. The high-end version supports sample rates of up to 192 kHz and bit depths of 16 and 24 bit, opens WAV, AIFF, mp3, SDII audio files. It also supports QuickTime video files.

Campus radio

Campus radio is a type of radio station that is run by the students of a college or university. The programming may be done only by students, or may include other programmers from the community in which the station is based.

Loverboy

Loverboy is a Canadian rock band. It was formed in 1979. The band member are:



Beaufort, North Carolina

Beaufort () is a town in Carteret County, North Carolina, United States. It was established in 1722, which makes it the fourth-oldest town in North Carolina.

In 2020, 4,464 people lived in Beaufort. The town is the county seat of Carteret County. It is sometimes confused with Beaufort in South Carolina. However, the two names are pronounced differently. 

Beaufort is in North Carolina's Inner Banks region. The North Carolina Maritime Museum is in Beaufort.

Beaufort is at (34.720729, -76.652569).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 7.8 square miles (20.3 km²). About 5.1 square miles (13.1 km²) of it is land and 2.8 square miles (7.1 km²) of it (22.82%) is water.


North Carolina Highway 12

North Carolina Highway 12 (NC 12) is a road in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It runs along the state's northeastern coast. It is a popular route for visitors touring the Outer Banks. Most sections of NC 12 are two lanes wide. Two sections of the route are connected by ferries.


The Independent

The Independent is a daily online newspaper in the United Kingdom, founded in 1986. Its sister paper, the Independent on Sunday is, as the name suggests, published on a Sunday. 

Originally a broadsheet newspaper, it became a tabloid in 2006. The paper stopped being printed in March 2016 and is now only available online. It tends to take a liberal and centre to centre-left political position.

Take on Me

"Take on Me" is a 1985 synthpop song by the Norwegian pop band a-ha.

It was first released in 1984, and was mixed by Tony Mansfield, but did not sell well in the United Kingdom. The song was re-recorded and re-released in 1985. A music video was made, which was shown on television a lot. This helped the song to become very popular. 

Mockingbird

Mockingbirds are a group of New World passerine song-birds. They are best known for the habit of some species mimicking the songs of insect and amphibian sounds, and other bird songs, often loudly and in rapid succession. There are about 17 species in three genera.

Smallville

Smallville is a Superman prequel television show about a teenaged version of the comic book character Clark Kent. He later becomes Superman and has to stop his enemy Lex Luthor. This show is produced by Tollin/Robbins Productions, Millar Gough Ink, DC Comics and Warner Bros. Television Studios. It first premiered on October 16, 2001, which aired on The WB.
Smallville is based on the popular DC Comics character, Superman. The series follows the life of a teenage Clark Kent living in the town of Smallville, Kansas that is set at the start of the 21st century. It shows Clark Kent coping with adolescence while he is developing super powers (X-ray vision, super speed, etc.), exploring his extraterrestrial origins, and struggling to find his destiny.

Best shown at the beginning of season 5 and 8, Smallville is said to be a show of 3 chapters: Chapter 1 is the High School year of Clark Kent (Seasons 1-4) featuring villains Lionel Luthor, Roger Nixon and Jason and Genevieve Teague. Chapter 2 is known as Clark's training begins and Lex Luthor's descension to darkness (Seasons 5-7) featuring new heroes and villains like Brainiac, Bizarro and Lex Luthor. The final chapter is known as The Final Trials of Clark Kent: Doomsday, General Zod, and Darkseid (Season's 8-10) and features the rise of the Justice League, Lex Luthor's return, and Clark's rise to Superman.

The series often deals with the people in Clark Kent's life: his adoptive human parents, Jonathan Kent and Martha Kent; his peers, Chloe Sullivan, Pete Ross; his on-again, off-again love interest, Lana Lang; his Daily Planet cohort, Lois Lane and especially his friendship with a young Lex Luthor.

The mineral kryptonite is used as a recurring plot device throughout the series. Kryptonite is shown to have bizarre and lingering effects on human physiology and the young superhero often encounters mutated and psychotic villains who have developed bizarre powers, such as psychic abilities, shape shifting, and other paranormal abilities. (For this reason, the show is often criticized as being predominately a "freak of the week" series.) On a Kryptonian like Clark, though, kryptonite has very different effects; the general idea is that Clark is virtually invincible except when around the kryptonite rocks. Different colors affect Clark differently: Green Kryptonite physically weakens him and could possibly kill him if he is exposed to it for too long. Red Kryptonite causes him to set aside moral standings and act out on his impulses and dark desires. Black Kryptonite splits Clark into (and merges him back together from) two separate beings that exhibit his two personalities (Clark Kent and the darker Kal-El). Silver Kryptonite (which is solely the creation of Milton Fine in the show) causes him extreme paranoia. Blue Kryptonite takes away his abilities, but doesn't cause him pain like green kryptonite is often seen to. Lastly, Gold Kryptonite can permanently damage or scar a Kryptonian and take away their powers permanently.

Viewers will often observe allusions in the form of dialogue, guest stars, character wardrobe, and scenic design used throughout the series to the Superman comic books and movies.

Pieridae

The Pieridae are a large family of butterflies. It has about 76 genera and 1,100 species. They are mostly from tropical Africa and Asia. Most pierid butterflies are white, yellow or orange with black spots. The pigments are a characteristic of this family.

The name "butterfly" may have come from a member of this family, the Brimstone "Gonepteryx rhamni". It was called the "butter-coloured fly" by early British naturalists.

The caterpillars of some species, such as "Pieris brassicae" and "Pieris rapae", are often seen in gardens. They are agricultural pests because they feed on brassicas.

Males of many species feed on salts from moist soil. They do this in groups. This behavior is known as 'mud-puddling' or 'puddling'.

The Pieridae have the radial vein on the forewing with 3 or 4 branches (rarely 5) . The fore legs are well developed in both sexes. The tarsal claws are bifid (bifid means split into two parts).

Like the Papilionidae, Pieridae also have their chrysalids held at an angle by a silk girdle. The girdle runs around the first abdominal segment unlike the thoracic girdle seen in the Papilionidae.

The Pieridae are divided into the following four subfamilies:



1903 in baseball

In 1903, the Boston Red Sox won the World Series. They were against the Pittsburgh Pirates. They had won the first of the whole series.

Pamela Weston

Pamela Weston (born London, 17 October 1921; died 9 September 2009, Zürich, Switzerland) was a British clarinettist, teacher and writer. She inspired many musicians through her inspiring teaching and her books about clarinettists and clarinet playing.

Pamela Weston was born in London. Her father was a doctor. She went to Priors Field School, then went to the Royal Academy of Music and then got a scholarship to the Guildhall School of Music. She studied privately with Frederick Thurston, the principal clarinettist of the BBC Symphony Orchestra. She became Professor of Clarinet at the Guildhall in 1951, and stayed there until 1969.

She played in many concerts: sometimes as a soloist with orchestras, sometimes giving recitals or playing in chamber music. She was a member of the Klarion Trio (soprano, clarinet and piano) with whom she often played newly composed music including the "Songs of Innocence" which was written for them in 1957 by Arnold Cooke.

She wrote several books about famous clarinet players of the past. She also wrote "The Clarinet Teacher's Companion", a book which was used by many clarinet teachers.

During her last years she had a serious illness called encephalomyelitis. She did not want to suffer any more, so she travelled to Switzerland where she was allowed to have an assisted suicide. 


Jeff Hanneman

Jeffery John "Jeff" Hanneman (January 31, 1964 - May 2, 2013) was an American musician. He was most famous for being one of the founding members of the thrash metal band Slayer. He grew up in Los Angeles. His family had a military background which made Hanneman very interested in war. He expressed this interest in the words to many of the songs he has written for Slayer which are about warfare and destruction.

When he was young he liked punk rock. Hanneman said that the fast aggressive sound of punk music helped influence Slayer. Hanneman wrote both words and music for Slayer. Some of his songs include: "Raining Blood", "War Ensemble", "Seasons in the Abyss" and "Angel of Death." All of these songs are played at almost every Slayer concert. A guitar company called ESP Guitars makes a guitar which looks exactly like Hanneman's main onstage guitar and is called the "ESP Jeff Hanneman Signature Model."

Hanneman died on May 2, 2013 in Inland Empire, California, aged 49. He was staying in an area hospital when he suffered liver failure.

Santo Domingo Este

Santo Domingo Este is a Dominican municipality and the provincial capital of the Santo Domingo province. It is on the eastern (left) side of the Ozama River.

Santo Domingo Este was part of the Distrito Nacional and of the Santo Domingo city until 2001 when the Santo Domingo province was created. The Santo Domingo Este was made the head municipality of this new province.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 891,952: 429,853 men and 462,099 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Santo Domingo Este is in the "Llano Costero del Caribe" ("Caribbean Coastal Plain"), a large plain in southeastern Dominican Republic where there are many savannas with grasses. There are not mountains in the province, only some very low hills.

The Ozama river forms the eastern and northern limits of the municipality; it is the only important river in the municipality.

The municipality has a total area of and has only one municipal district (a subdivision of a municipality): San Luis.

The altitude of Santo Domingo Este is above sea level.

The municipality of Santo Domingo Este has the municipality of Santo Domingo Norte and the Monte Plata Province to the north, the municipality of San Antonio de Guerra to the northeast, the municipality of Boca Chica to the east, the Caribbean Sea to the south and the Distrito Nacional to the west.

Santo Domingo Este, and the Santo Domingo province, has a tropical monsoonal climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Am).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the Santo Domingo province is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is March with an average of followed by February with an average of .

Santo Domingo Este is in a hot region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Santo Domingo Este has only one municipal district:

Some places to visit in Santo Domingo Este are:

2009 World Series

The 2009 World Series was the MLB World Series of 2009 in the game of baseball. The New York Yankees won the series to take the 2009 World Series 4 games to 2, beating the Philadelphia Phillies. Hideki Matsui was the first ever Japanese born MVP.

Closer (movie)

Closer is a 2004 American romantic drama movie set in London, England. The movie stars Julia Roberts, Jude Law, Natalie Portman and Clive Owen. It was produced and directed by Mike Nichols. The movie was recognized with a number of awards and nominations, including Academy Award nominations and Golden Globe wins for both Portman and Owen for their acting in supporting roles. The movie was written by Patrick Marber, based on his award-winning 1997 play of the same name.

Ignoring a traffic light, Alice (Portman) crosses the street to the opposite side of the road and is hit by a car. The accidental witness of the incident, a failed writer Dan (Lowe), takes the girl to the doctor, but not only out of nobility — Alice is too beautiful to miss the chance to get to know her better. The couple's communication turned out to be quite fruitful: before that, Dan, who made his living writing obituaries, had written a book. The source of inspiration and prototype of the heroine was his roommate, Alice, to whom the writer remained faithful for a year. After meeting the expressive photographer Anna (Roberts), Dan begins to think about the benefits of diversity, but the flirtation, which Alice also becomes aware of, never ends. For fun, Dan introduces Anna to Larry (Owen), and soon the love triangle turns into a square.

Maryse Mizanin

Maryse Mizanin (; née Ouellet; born January 21, 1983) is a Canadian professional wrestler, actress and model. She is signed to WWE. She works on the Raw brand with her husband The Miz, under the ring name Maryse.

During her time in the WWE, she has won the WWE Diva's Championship twice. In August, she underwent surgery for an abdominal hernia and took time off of WWE programming. She was released from her WWE contract in 2011 after two months of inactivity. She returned to the WWE in 2016. She also joined the cast of the Reality television progran "Total Divas" in 2016. In 2018, she began the series "Miz & Mrs." with her husband.

In 2003, She won Miss Hawaiian Tropic Canada. She also finished second at the International Finals of Miss Hawaiian Tropic 2004. In 2007, she was on the cover of "Playboy's" Girls of Canada calendar.



Misanthropy

Misanthropy is the general distrust or hatred of humanity. A person who feels that way is called a misanthropist.
Many misanthropists are labeled using offensive terms such as hermits and loners. Some Misanthropic people prefer to be alone without interpersonal relationship whilst others do not trust many people outside of their immediate family or friends. Some do not trust anyone. 

Molière's character Alceste in "Le Misanthrope" (1666) states:

Cygnus X-1

Cygnus X-1 (abbreviated Cyg X-1) is a well-known galactic X-ray source. It is thought to be a black hole in the constellation Cygnus. 

It was discovered in 1964 during a rocket flight, and is one of the strongest X-ray sources seen from Earth. Cygnus X-1 was the first X-ray source accepted as a black hole. It is among the most studied astronomical objects in its class. The compact object is estimated to have a mass about 14.8 times the mass of the Sun. It is too small to be any known kind of normal star, or other likely object besides a black hole. If so, the radius of its event horizon is about .

Woodcut

A woodcut is a way of printing. An image is cut into a block of wood. The printing part remains level with the surface. The non-printing parts are removed, often with a tool called a gouge. The areas that are 'white' are cut away with a knife or chisel. Therefore the wood still at the original surface level are black in the final print.
The wood block is cut in the direction of the grain of the wood. In Europe beechwood was most commonly used. In Japan, a special type of cherry wood was used.

The surface is covered with ink. It is rolled over the surface with an ink-covered roller (called a brayer). This leaves ink upon the flat surface, but none in the non-printing areas. Sometimes woodcuts are referred to by a formal word, xylography.

Ivan Boldirev

Ivan Boldirev (born August 15, 1949 in Zrenjanin, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia (now Serbia)) is a retired NHL ice hockey centre who played for numerous NHL teams.

Jose Reginaldo Vital

Jose Reginaldo Vital (born 29 February 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

86||6||||||||||86||6
69||18||3||0||8||2||80||20
155||24||3||0||8||2||166||26

Peter Bosz

Peter Bosz (born 21 November 1963) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

Feyenoord

AGOVV

Heracles Almelo

Ajax

Bayer Leverkusen

PSV

Individual

Valeriy Lobanovskyi

Valeriy Lobanovskyi (6 January 1939 – 13 May 2002) was a Ukrainian football player turned manager. He played for Soviet Union national team. He died after a stroke and brain surgery.

254||72
254||72

Blood Brothers

Blood Brothers is a musical. The book, lyrics, and music were written by Willy Russell. It is one of the longest running musicals in history, with the performance running since its original 1988 West End production. It opened on Broadway on 25 April 1993 at the Music Box Theatre. It closed on 30 April 1995 after 840 performances.

The musical has a main theme of nature vs. nurture; where two twins have been separated at birth. The twins different backgrounds are shown through class,wealth and social status. This continues showing the extremes in British society by one twin becoming an University graduate and the other being stuck with money and home problems. Both fall in love with the same girl, Linda, and end up dying on the same day, as the narrator tells you at the start of the performance.

Over the years the musical has been changed to suit the director. Some changes are that:

 

2027

2027 (MMXXVII) will be .








Daniel Edusei

Daniel Edusei (born 2 September 1980) is a Ghanaian football player. He has played for Ghana national team.

206||3
23||0
229||3

!Total||19||0

Dodô (footballer, born 1974)

Dodô (born 2 May 1974) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

192||96
62||33
15||3
0||0
269||132

!Total||5||2

Róbson (footballer, born 1970)

José Róbson do Nascimento (born 10 May 1970) is a former Brazilian football player.

7||0||0||0||0||0||7||0
7||0||0||0||0||0||7||0

Peterloo Massacre

The Peterloo Massacre (or Battle of Peterloo) happened at St Peter's Field, Manchester, England, on 16 August 1819. It was when cavalry charged into a crowd of 60,000 to 80,000 gathered at a meeting to demand the reform of parliamentary representation.

The end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 had resulted in a time of famine and chronic unemployment. This was made worse by the introduction of the first of the Corn Laws. By the beginning of 1819 there were poor economic conditions. That, and the limited suffrage (few people had the vote), increased the appeal of political radicalism. 

In response, the Manchester Patriotic Union organised a demonstration to be addressed by the radical orator Henry Hunt. The Manchester Patriotic Union was a group agitating for parliamentary reform.

Shortly after the meeting began, local magistrates called on the military authorities to arrest Henry Hunt and several others with him, and to disperse the men. Cavalry charged into the crowd with sabres drawn. In the resulting confusion, 18 people were killed and 400-700 were injured. The massacre was given the name Peterloo in ironic comparison to the Battle of Waterloo, which had taken place four years earlier.

Radekhiv

Radekhiv (, ) is a city in Lviv Oblast (province) of Ukraine. It is the administrative center of the Radekhiv Raion. About 9,230 live there.

Richard Arkwright

Sir Richard Arkwright (3 January 1733 – 3 August 1792) was an English inventor and a leading entrepreneur during the early Industrial Revolution. 

He invented the spinning frame. This was later called the water frame after the change to water power. Arkwright patented the technology in 1767.

A self-made man, Arkwright's achievement was to combine power, machinery, and semi-skilled labour. In the new cotton industry, this created mass production more than a century before Henry Ford. 

Arkwright had great mechanical abilities and a genius for organisation. This made him, more than anyone else, the creator of the modern factory system. The water frame is still used today.

Arkwright was born in Preston, Lancashire, England and died in Cromford, Derbyshire at the age of 59.

Port of Manchester

The Port of Manchester is in the north west of England. It was created as a customs port on 1 January 1894. This was four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port. It extended along the whole 36 miles length of the canal, from Eastham in the west to Manchester in the east, absorbing the Port of Runcorn, which had been created in 1862. The creation of the new port moved the Port of Liverpool's boundary 11 milles to the west. Once delivered to the port, goods travelled as far west as Warrington, about 20 miles north, as far east as Leeds, and up to 100 miles south to Birmingham.

Manchester Piccadilly station

Manchester Piccadilly station is the main railway station of Manchester, England. It serves intercity routes to London Euston, Birmingham New Street, South Wales and the south coast of England, Edinburgh and Glasgow Central in Scotland, and routes throughout Northern England. One of 18 British railway stations managed by Network Rail, it is the largest and busiest of the five city centre railway stations in Central Manchester/Salford. The others are Manchester Victoria, Salford Central, Deansgate and Manchester Oxford Road.

Piccadilly is the busiest station in England outside of London for passenger usage, and the second busiest station in the United Kingdom outside London. According to an independent poll carried out in 2007, Manchester Piccadilly has the highest customer satisfaction level of any UK station, with 92% of passengers satisfied with the station; the national average was 60%.

First Greater Manchester

First Greater Manchester (formerly First Manchester) is one of the bus companies serving Greater Manchester, a metropolitan county in North West England. It is part of "FirstGroup", a company operating transport services across the British Isles and in North America. The company operates within the area covered by the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive, a public body responsible for helping to co-ordinate public transport services in the Greater Manchester area.


Victorian architecture

During the Victorian era was well known for its thousands of terraced buildings designed for workers living near the industrial areas, This was most common in the North and Midlands. many larger buildings have also been built for the houses of rich members society. A Victorian property has several distinguishable characteristics such as brickwork, high ceilings, bay windows, brick porches, and ornate gable trim among others. The term Victorian architecture can refer to one of a number of architectural styles that were employed in the Victorian era. This kind of architecture is named after Queen Victoria. Built-in the late 1800s and early 1900s (during the reign of Queen Victoria), this architecture is a style of its own. Gracious, modestly ornate, solidly built and practical, these homes have stood the test of time. These architectural styles include:




Rotifer

The rotifers are a phylum of tiny animals which are common in freshwater environments, such as ponds and puddles. Some rotifers are free swimming, others move by inching along, and some are fixed. A few species live in colonies. 

Rotifers were first described when early microscopes became available, around 1700. They are an important part of the freshwater zooplankton. Also, many species help decompose organic matter in soil. Rotifers eat fish waste, dead bacteria, and algae. They eat particles up to 10 micrometres in size. A rotifer filters 100,000 times its own volume of water per hour. They are used in fish tanks to help clean the water, to prevent clouds of waste matter.

About 2200 species of rotifers have been described. They are placed in the phylum Rotifera. This phylum is subdivided into three classes, "Monogononta", "Bdelloidea", and "Seisonidea". The largest group is the Monogononta, with about 1500 species, followed by the Bdelloidea, with about 350 species. There are only two known species of Seisonidea.

Fossils of the species "Habrotrocha angusticollis" have been found in 6000 year old Pleistocene peat deposits. The oldest known fossil rotifers have been found in Eocene Dominican amber.

The front has a ring of cilia circling the mouth. This gave the rotifers their old name of "wheel animalules". There is a protective "lorica" round its body, and a foot. Inside the lorica are the usual organs in miniturised form: a brain, an eye-spot, jaws, stomach, kidneys, urinary bladder.

Rotifers have a number of unusual features. Biologists suppose that these peculiarities are adaptations to their small size and the transient (fast changing) nature of its habitats.

Rotifers are specialists at living in habitats where water dries up regularly. 

The Monogononta, which have males, produce fertilised 'resting eggs' which can resist desiccation (drought) for long periods. 

The Bdelloids, who have no males, contract into an inert form and lose almost all body water, a process known as "cryptobiosis". Bdelloids can also survive the dry state for long periods: the longest well-documented dormancy is nine years. After they have dried, they may be revived by adding water. In this, and several other ways, they are a unique group of animals.

Rotifers are hatched with a standard number of cell nuclei, exactly the same number for every rotifer in a species. This is called "eutely". No cell division whatsoever takes place during adult life. Not only that, but the number of nuclei in each tissue is constant. Furthermore, most of the nuclei do not have cell walls: rotifer tissue is largely or wholly a syncytium.

The absence of cell division is probably one reason they are extraordinarily resistant to ionising radiation. Also, repairing DNA is one of the things they are known to do after desiccation.

In one of the classes, the freshwater Bdelloid rotifers, "no males have ever been seen". It is the largest group of wholly parthenogenetic species in the Animalia. 

The females in this group produce eggs by parthenogenesis (virgin birth). In some species these eggs develop into small juveniles before they are released from their parent. The offspring are "clones" of their mother. 

Cytological and molecular genetic studies show that bdelloids evolved from a common ancestor which lost sexual recombination (meiosis and fertilisation) about 100 million years ago. Research has also been done on the implications of parthenogenesis for speciation.

Bdelloid rotifer genomes contain two or more non-identical copies of each gene. This suggests their asexual reproduction is of long standing. For example, there are four copies of gene "hsp82". Each is different and on a different chromosome. This cannot be explaned by normal gene duplication, which produces two or more near-identical genes next to each other. By contrast, in a monogont rotifer, most genes were single-copy. 

There are genes in bdelloid rotifers that seem to have come from bacteria, fungi, and plants. This suggests they arrived by horizontal gene transfer (HGT). The capture and use of exogenous (~foreign) genes seems to be important in bdelloid evolution. The team led by Matthew S. Meselson at Harvard University showed that, despite the lack of sexual reproduction, bdelloid rotifers do engage in genetic (DNA) transfer within a species or clade. The method used is not known at present. Bdelloid rotifers currently hold the 'record' for HGT in animals with ~8% of their genes from bacterial origins.

The Acanthocephala, a group of parasitic worms previously considered to be a separate phylum, have been shown to be modified rotifers. The exact relationship to the normal, freeliving, members of the phylum is not resolved.


Contemporary architecture

Contemporary architecture is generally speaking the architecture being made at the present time. The term contemporary architecture is also applied to a range of styles of recently built structures and spaces (broadly speaking - since the 1980s) which are optimized for current use. 

Estigmene acrea

The salt marsh moth or acrea moth ("Estigmene acrea") is a North American moth. It is in the family Arctiidae. The caterpillar is known as the 'salt marsh caterpillar'.

The head and thorax are white. The abdomen is yellow-orange with a row of black spots. The fore wing (the top wing) is white with a variable amount of black spots (some individuals do not have these spots). The hind wing (the bottom wing) is yellow-orange in males. It is white in females. Both sexes have 3-4 black spots or blotches on their hind wings. The wingspan ranges from 4.5 to 6.8 cm.

This moth may be seen from May to August. It is seen all year in southern Florida and southern Texas.

The eggs are a yellowish color. They are laid in clusters on the host plant leaves. The Salt Marsh Caterpillar is highly variable in color. It ranges from pale yellow to dark brownish-black. It has many soft hairs. The hairs are longer towards the end of the body. The thoracic and abdominal segments have a few rows of either orange or black warts. The chrysalis hibernates in a cocoon.

Here is a list of host plants that the salt marsh caterpillar feeds on:


Heliocheilus julia

Heliocheilus julia is a North American moth. It is in the family Noctuidae. "Heliocheilus julia" is attracted to lights. Its life history and host plants are unknown.

"Heliocheilus julia" is found from central New Mexico west to eastern Arizona and south to Jalisco, Mexico.

This moth has one brood. It is seen from late July to September.

Claus von Stauffenberg

Stauffenberg was a leader of the failed 20 July plot of 1944 that aimed to kill the German dictator, Adolf Hitler, and to remove the Nazi Party from power in Germany. With Henning von Tresckow and Hans Oster, Stauffenberg was one of the central figures of the German resistance within the "Wehrmacht".

For his involvement in the plot to kill Hitler, Stauffenberg was executed, as were many other German resistance members.

Führerbunker

The Führerbunker (German, literally meaning "shelter for the leader" or "the Führer's shelter") was a bunker in the New Reich Chancellery in Berlin, Germany. It was in this subterranean bunker where Adolf Hitler and his wife Eva Braun spent the last weeks of the war. Both killed themselves there on April 30, 1945. 

The elaborate complex consisted of two separate levels, the "Vorbunker" (the upper bunker) or "forward bunker" and the newer Führerbunker one level below. They were both connected together by a stairway set at right angles. The Führerbunker was about 8.2 meters beneath the garden of the old Reich Chancellery building at Wilhelmstraße 77. This is about 120 meters north of the new Reich Chancellery building, which had the address Voßstraße 6. The Vorbunker was under the large hall behind the old Reich Chancellery. It was connected to the new Reich Chancellery. The Führerbunker was somewhat lower than the Vorbunker and in the west of it. The two bunkers were connected via sets of stairs set at right angles.

The complex was protected by about four meters of concrete. About 30 small rooms were distributed over two levels with exits into the main buildings and an emergency exit into the garden. The complex was built in two distinct phases, one part in 1936 and the other in 1943. The 1943 development was built by the Hochtief company as part of an extensive program of subterranean construction in Berlin that began in 1940. The rooms of Hitler were in the newer, lower section and by February 1945 it had high quality furniture taken from the Chancellery along with several framed oil paintings.

Barcelona Metro

The Barcelona Metro (Catalan and Spanish: "Metro de Barcelona"), part of the public transportation system of Barcelona, Spain is an extensive network of electrified railways that run underground in central Barcelona and above ground into the city's suburbs. There are 189 stations with 12 lines together with 166 km of total track line. The network length is 170 kilometres, with 183 stations, as of November 2021.

Kelenna Azubuike

Kelenna David Azubuike (born 16 December 1983 in London, England) is an American basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the NBA. He plays as a shooting guard and small forward. He wears the jersey number 7 on his team. He played college basketball at the University of Kentucky Wildcats.


Harry Catterick

Harry Catterick was an English football player and manager. He was most successful when he managed Everton FC during the 1970s.


Howard Kendall

Howard Kendall (22 May 1946 – 17 October 2015) was an English footballer and manager. He was born in Ryton, County Durham. He is most famous for managing Everton during one of their most successful periods. He was briefly chairman of the club and was also manager of Manchester City and Blackburn Rovers.

Source:

Preston North End

Everton

Stoke City

Individual

Blackburn Rovers

Everton

Notts County

Individual

Patrick Henry

Patrick Henry (May 29, 1736 – June 6, 1799) served as the first post-colonial Governor of Virginia from 1776 to 1779. He is known for his "Give me Liberty or give me death" speech in 1775 shortly before the American Revolutionary War in St. John's Church. He was a fiery speaker who evoked great emotion from listeners. He unsuccessfully opposed the United States Constitution, which made him an enemy of John Adams and the Federalist Party. After the French Revolution, however, he supported Adams. 

His wife, Sarah Shelton, had a mental illness and died in 1775. He married his second wife, Dorthea Dandrige, two years later in 1777.

As governor of Virginia, Patrick Henry since 1776, he was one of the main architects of the requests for aid to the nascent United States, for which, in 1776 he requested support from the governor of Louisiana, Luis de Unzaga, key help for this birth.

Typhoon Tip

Typhoon Tip, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Warling (international designation: T7920, JTWC designation: 23W) was the biggest and strongest known tropical cyclone on record. It was the 19th tropical storm and 12th typhoon of the 1979 Pacific typhoon season. The typhoon formed out of a disturbance in a monsoon trough on October 4 near Pohnpei. At first, a tropical storm to the northwest prevented Tip from strengthening, but after it moved further north, the storm was able to gain more strength. After passing near Guam, it strengthened quickly and reached its highest winds of 305 km/h (190 mph) and a worldwide record low barometric pressure of 870 mbar (hPa, 25.69 inHg) on October 12. At its peak strength, it was also the biggest tropical cyclone on record, with a diameter of 2,220 km (1,380 mi). Tip slowly weakened as it kept moving towards the west-northwest, and later turned to the northeast. Tip made landfall on southern Japan on October 19, and became an extratropical cyclone shortly thereafter.

U.S. Air Force Reconnaissance flew into the typhoon on 60 different times, making Tip one of the most closely watched tropical cyclones. Rainfall from the storm breached a wall that was used to stop flooding at a United States Marine Corps training camp in the Kanagawa Prefecture of Japan. This eventually led to a fire which killed 13 Marines and hurt 68. Elsewhere in the country, the typhoon caused lots of damage and 42 deaths and shipwrecks left another 44 killed.

Three low pressure areas formed the monsoon trough that extended from the Philippines to the Marshall Islands. An area of disturbed weather to the southwest of Guam eventually strengthened into Tropical Storm Roger on October 3. Later on the same day, the tropical system which would later become Typhoon Tip formed to the south of Pohnpei. Because Roger was so close, the storm that would become Tip was not able to strengthen much. However, it gradually organized as it moved towards the west. The tropical disturbance moved slowly and and slowly made a loop to the southeast of Chuuk. A Reconnaissance Aircraft flight into the system late on October 4 confirmed the existence of a circulation center. A bit later, on October 5, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) called the system Tropical Depression Twenty-Three.

The tropical depression into Tropical Storm Tip, but it did not organize significantly due to Tropical Storm Roger being so close. After moving slowly for many days, Tip began a steady northwest path on October 8. By that time, Tropical Storm Roger had become an extratropical cyclone. At first, the storm was expected to continue moving northwestward and hit Guam. However, early on October 9, it turned to the west, passing about 45 km (28 mi) south of the island. Later that day, Tip reached typhoon strength.
As a result of certain weather conditions, Typhoon Tip quickly strengthened in the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean. Late on October 10, the typhoon reached Category 4 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, and the next day it became a "super typhoon". The central pressure dropped 92 mbar (hPa, 2.71 inHg) from October 9 to 11. During this time, the typhoon became extremely large, reaching a record diameter of 2,220 km (1,380 mi). The typhoon continued to gain strength, and early on October 12, Reconnaissance Aircraft recorded a worldwide record-low pressure of 870 mbar (hPa, 25.69 inHg). The typhoon had winds of 305 km/h (190 mph) while located about 840 km (520 mi) west-northwest of Guam. At the time, the typhoon's eye was only 15 km (9.3 mi) wide.

After hitting its peak strength, Tip weakened to a 230 km/h (145 mph) typhoon and stayed at that intensity for several days as it moved west-northwest. For five days, 55 km/h (35 mph) winds extended over 1,100 km (685 mi) from the center. On October 17, Tip began to weaken and get much smaller. The next day, it curved towards the northeast because of a nearby trough. After passing about 65 km (45 mi) east of Okinawa, it sped up and was then moving at 75 km/h (46 mph). On October 19, Tip made landfall on the Japanese island of Honshū with winds of about 130 km/h (80 mph). The typhoon continued moving rapidly northeastward through the country, and became an extratropical cyclone over northern Honshū. What was left of the cyclone kept moving northeastward and slowly lost strength. It was last observed near Alaska.

The typhoon produced heavy rain while passing near Guam, including a total of 23.1 cm (9.09 in) an Air Force base. The outer rainbands of Tip dropped moderate rain in the mountains of the Philippines.

Heavy rainfall from the typhoon breached a wall used to stop flooding at Camp Fuji, a training camp for the United States Marine Corps near Yokosuka. Marines inside the camp during the storm stayed inside of huts near the bottom of a hill. On top of the hill was a fuel farm. The breach caused hoses to be torn from two rubber storage tanks, letting large amounts of fuel flow down the hill. The fuel was ignited by a heater used for warming a hut. This started a large fire which killed 13 Marines, hurt 68 others, and caused damage to the camp. The facility's barracks were destroyed, along with 15 huts and several other buildings. Firemen from nearby areas arrived within two hours. The barracks were rebuilt, and a memorial was created for those who lost their lives to the fire.

While passing offshore, Typhoon Tip came within 65 km (40 mi) of Okinawa. Sustained winds reached 72 km/h (44 mph), with gusts to 112 km/h (69 mph). Winds in mainland Japan are not fully known. The typhoon did many millions of dollars in damage to farming and fishing industries of the country. Eight ships were grounded or sunk by Tip, leaving 44 fishermen dead or missing. A Chinese freighter broke in half as a result of the typhoon. Its crew of 46 people was rescued. The rainfall led to over 600 mudslides across the mountains of the country flooded more than 22,000 homes. It is estimated that 42 people died, with another 71 missing and 283 hurt. Around 27 bridges were destroyed by the storm, as well as about 105 dikes. Following the storm, at least 11,000 people were left without a place to live. Transportation in the country was also affected; 200 trains and 160 domestic airline flights were canceled. Tip was called the most severe storm to strike Japan in 13 years.

Typhoon Tip was the largest tropical cyclone on record, with a diameter of 1,380 mi (2,220 km). This is almost double the previous record of 700 miles (1,130 km) set by Typhoon Marge in August of 1951. At its largest size, Tip was nearly as big as half of the United States. When Tip was at its peak strength, the temperature inside the eye of was 30° C (86° F), which is high for a tropical cyclone. Also, with 10-minute sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h), Typhoon Tip is the strongest cyclone in the list of tropical cyclones by the Japan Meteorological Agency.

The typhoon was also the most intense tropical cyclone in the world. It had a minimum a pressure of 870 mbar (hPa, 25.69 inHg), which is 6 mbar (hPa, 0.17 inHg) lower than previous record set by Typhoon June in 1975. The records set by Tip still exists, although because Reconnaissance Aircraft missions in the western Pacific Ocean stopped in August 1987, some people think there might be slightly stronger cyclones. Three researchers found that two typhoons, Angela in 1995 and Gay in 1992, had higher Dvorak numbers than Tip. They believe that one or both of the two may have been stronger than Typhoon Tip. Also, Cyclone Monica of 2006 was rated at 869 mb by Dvorak classifications, but this is not considered accurate data. Because of this, it is unknown if Tip still has the world record. Despite its record intensity and severe damage, the name Tip was not retired. It was then reused in 1983, 1986, and 1989.


Pohnpei

Pohnpei is one of the four states in the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM). It is part of the Senyavin Islands group. Palikir is a city on Pohnpei.

1979 Pacific typhoon season

The 1979 Pacific typhoon season has no official limits; it ran year-round in 1979, but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between June and December. 

28 tropical depressions formed this year in the Western Pacific, of which 23 became tropical storms. 14 storms reached typhoon intensity. Four of these reached "super typhoon" strength.

Typhoon Alice began as a tropical disturbance on January 1. Alice then on the 9th started to turn northward and began to weaken. Alice then dissipated rapidly on January 14.

Typhoon Hope was a powerful typhoon that hit Hong Kong On August 2 killing 112. 

Typhoon Sarah was a strong tropical cyclone that formed in the monsoon trough on October 4. Sarah then struck Vietnam causing many deaths and damage to crops.

Typhoon Tip was the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded.

Western North Pacific tropical cyclones were named by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. The first storm of 1979 was named Alice and the final one was named Ben. The name Alice was retired after this season and replaced by Andy.


Freighter

A cargo ship or freighter is any kind of ship that carries cargo, goods, and materials from one port to another. Thousands of cargo carriers travel on the world's seas and oceans each year, and handle most international trade. Cargo ships are usually specially designed for a special task, often carrying tools like cranes to load and unload. They come in all sizes.


Wristcutters: A Love Story

Wristcutters: A Love Story is a movie directed by Goran Dukić. It was released in theaters in 2006.

Common scold

In the criminal common law of England and Wales, a common scold was a type of public nuisance. The term was applied to a woman who caused trouble and who disturbed the peace by arguing and fighting with her neighbours all the time. The Latin language name for this type of woman was "communis rixatrix". This name's grammar only applies to females. This makes it clear that only women could commit this type of crime.

When British people first went to the North America, they took this crime with them.

The crime was often punished by "ducking". Ducking meant that the offender was placed in a chair over a river or pond. They were then lowered into the water, until they were all in the water. This was done several times. Few people were actually convicted of being a common scold, but it remained a crime listed on the law books of England and Wales until 1967. Because it applied only to women, it was eventually banned in the United States. This was because the U.S. Constitution (the highest law in the U.S.) does not allow people to be treated differently from each other. This comes from a section of the Constitution called the Equal Protection Clause.

In the "Commentaries on the Laws of England", William Blackstone says of this crime:
Lastly, a common scold, "communis rixatrix", (for our law-latin confines it to the feminine gender) is a public nuisance to her neighbourhood. For which offence she may be indicted; and, if convicted, shall be sentenced to be placed in a certain engine of correction called the trebucket, castigatory, or cucking stool, which in the Saxon language signifies the scolding stool; though now it is frequently corrupted into ducking stool, because the residue of the judgement is, that, when she is so placed therein, she shall be plunged in the water for her punishment.——Commentaries on the Laws of England, IV:13.5.8, p. *169 

The common punishment for being a common scold was forcing the woman found guilty under water over and over. This was done using a piece of furniture called a "cucking stool". The cucking stool, according to Blackstone, later was called a "ducking stool".

Other writers disagree with Blackstone. They say that the cucking stool and the ducking stool are really two different types of punishment devices. The "Domesday Book" mentions the use of a cucking stool in the town of Chester. The stool was also known as "cathedra stercoris". This Latin word translates to "dung chair". It is thought that the punishment involved letting everyone see the punished woman's buttocks. This type of chair was used to punish not only common scolds, but also people who make beer (brewers) and bakers who sold bad beer or bread. Francois Maximilian Misson, a French traveler and writer, wrote down the way the ducking chair was used in England in the early 1700s:
"The way of punishing scolding women is pleasant enough. They fasten an armchair to the end of two beams twelve or fifteen feet long, and parallel to each other, so that these two pieces of wood with their two ends embrace the chair, which hangs between them by a sort of axle, by which means it plays freely, and always remains in the natural horizontal position in which a chair should be, that a person may sit conveniently in it, whether you raise it or let it down. They set up a post on the bank of a pond or river, and over this post they lay, almost in equilibrio, the two pieces of wood, at one end of which the chair hangs just over the water. They place the woman in this chair and so plunge her into the water as often as the sentence directs, in order to cool her immoderate heat."——Francois Maximilian Misson

The ducking stool was not always tied down to one spot next to a river or pond. Sometimes it had wheels on it. The woman found guilty would be taken through the streets before punishment was done. Another way of ducking was to use a device called a "tumbrel". The tubmrel was a chair on two wheels. It had two long shafts on its axles. The tumbrel would be pushed into the ducking pond and the shafts would be released. This would tip the chair up backwards, ducking the victim.

A scold's bridle was another punishment device. It was known in Scotland as a brank. A scold's bridle was a metal mask that locked around a person's head. For that reason it was sometimes called a "head cage". The scold's bridle had a tab that went into the victims mouth to make it difficult to talk. Some people say that common scolds had to wear a scold's bridle to stop them from scolding. Some say they were used only to punish. No legal source known mentions the use of scold's bridals to punish a common scold. However, some less formal sources do tell of scolds being punished with scold's bridles. In the United States, scolds, or people found guilty of similar crimes, were sometimes punished using a cleft stick. A cleft stick was similar to a scold's bride, but they were easier to make. The ducking stool was taken to the U.S. when British people went to live there during colonial times.

A piece of writing mounted on the Fye Bridge in Norwich, England says it marks the place where a "cucking" stool had been in place from 1562–1597. It also says that "strumpets" (prostitutes) and common scolds were ducked there. In the "Percy Anecdotes", published in 1820, the authors state that "How long the ducking-stool has been in disuse in England does not appear." The "Anecdotes" also suggest that the ducking stool stopped being used because it did not work well. The text talks about a Mrs. Finch. It says of her that in about 1681, she had been found guilty of being a common scold for a third time. Each time she was found guilty she was ducked. When she was found guilty "a fourth time", the King's Bench (a court) did not order her punished by ducking. Instead, they ordered her to pay a money fine and that she be imprisoned until she paid the fine.

The Percy miscellany also quotes a poem by John Gay (1685–1732), who wrote that:

and also a 1780 poem by Benjamin West, who wrote that:

These poems do not prove that the punishment took place at the time they were written. However, they do show that ducking had not been forgotten.

In a 1704 legal case called "The Queen v. Foxby", 6 Mod. 11, the lawyer for the person accused of being a scold said that he did not know of any law allowing the ducking of scolds. Lord Chief Justice John Holt (the person trying to have the judge find Foxby guilty) said this was not correct. He said that it was "better ducking in aTrinity, than a Michaelmas term", meaning it was better that a person be ducked in summer than in winter. The way he said it, however, suggests that he thought the punishment was an old custom and something of a joke. The last written record of stools being used for ducking involved a Mrs. Ganble at Plymouth in 1808, and one Jenny Pipes from Leominster (a town in Herefordshire) in 1809. In 1817, Sarah Leeke, also from Leominster, was sentenced to be ducked. However, the water in the pond was too low. The authorities instead wheeled her around the town in the ducking chair.

The common law of England—law made by court precedent, rather than through legislation—was adopted by the United States in its early days. The common law included the offence of being a common scold. In 1829, a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania court found American writer and journalist Anne Royall guilty of being a common scold. Royall had objected to a firehouse, built with federal money, being used by a small church for their services. She thought this violated the U.S. Constitution's separation between church and state. The local clergymen campaigned to have her punished as a common scold. Hoping the court would sentence Royall to ducking, sailors at the Navy Yard built a ducking stool. However, the Pennsylvania court ruled that the punishment was not to be used any longer. They instead fined Royall ten dollars. In 1972, in the case of State v. Palendrano, 293 A.2d 747, New Jersey State prosecutors charged a woman with being a common scold for a disturbance she had caused. The New Jersey Superior Court ruled that the law was improper because of it was too vague.

In England and Wales, the only parts of the United Kingdom where the law was in use, no prosecutions of common scolds have occurred for a long time. The lawyers in Sykes v. Director of Public Prosecutions [1962] AC 528, described the offence as "obsolete". Section 13(1)(a) of the Criminal Law Act 1967 did away with it.

The offence of being a common scold has also become obsolete in the United States because only women could commit it. This was found to violate the U.S. Constitution's Equal Protection Clause. Many states have laws restricting public profanity, loud noise in public, and disorderly conduct. None of these laws have any punishment similar to those traditionally used for the common scold.


Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum

The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is a sports stadium in Los Angeles, California. It was built in 1923. It has hosted many different sporting events. In 1932 and 1984, it hosted the track events and ceremonies of the Olympic Games.

In football, it used to be the stadium of the Chargers, Raiders and Rams before they moved to other cities. The University of Southern California, which is across the street, has played in the Coliseum for many years, and UCLA played there for several years as well. The Coliseum hosted two Super Bowls and 20 Pro Bowls, or NFL All-Star Games. On January 13, 2016, the Rams relocated back to Los Angeles. They will play at the Coliseum until their new stadium is built for the 2020 season.

The Los Angeles Dodgers played in the Coliseum for four years before Dodger Stadium was built. While there, they won a World Series and set records for most people at a baseball game.


John Miszuk

John Stanley Miszuk (born September 29, 1940 in Naliboki, Poland) is a retired Polish-born NHL ice hockey defenceman who played for numerous NHL teams.

Miszuk was born in a village in the present Belarus but at that time located in Poland. The family moved to Canada and grew up in Hamilton, Ontario where he began playing hockey in the Ontario Hockey League. After a season with the Hamilton Red Wings Miszuk turned professional joining the Detroit Red Wings organization.

After playing in the Western Hockey League and the American Hockey League Miszuk moved up to the National Hockey League with Detroit in 1963-64. At the end of that season he moved to the Chicago Blackhawks, but in the following three years he played only eight NHL games, spending most of his time in the minor leagues.

In the summer of 1967, Miszuk was chosen during NHL Expansion Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers, one of the six new franchises in the National Hockey League. With the Flyers he found a place in NHL and he played two full seasons and then moved on to the Minnesota North Stars.

He eventually moved to the World Hockey Association with the Michigan Stags. At the end of his career Miszuk returned again to the minor leagues, spending two seasons in the Pacific Hockey League before retiring from the competitive event.

Roger Machado Marques

Roger Machado Marques (born 25 April 1975) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

261||7||||||||||261||7
46||4||1||0||11||1||58||5
307||11||1||0||11||1||319||12

!Total||1||0

Álvaro Saborío

Álvaro Alberto Saborío Chacón (; born 25 March 1982) is a Costa Rican professional footballer, who plays as a forward, who most recently played for Costa Rican side A.D. San Carlos. Saborío originally retired in 2017, but returned months later.

!Total||59||19

Yoshiyuki Morisaki

Yoshiyuki Morisaki (born 20 April 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

SK Jugoslavija

S.K. Jugoslavija is a former football club which has played in Yugoslavia.

Tomoaki Ōgami

Tomoaki Ōgami (born 7 June 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

148||0||7||0||19||0||174||0
148||0||7||0||19||0||174||0

Ryan Smith

Ryan Smith (born 10 November 1968) is an English football player. He plays for Kansas City Wizards.

73||1||6||0||10||0||0||0||89||1
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
73||1||6||0||10||0||0||0||89||1

Nigel Reo-Coker

Nigel Reo-Coker (born 14 May 1984) is an English football player. He plays for Aston Villa.

246||18||16||0||9||1||10||1||281||20
246||18||16||0||9||1||10||1||281||20

Baltazar (footballer, born 1959)

Baltazar Maria de Morais Júnior (born 17 July 1959) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Grêmio

Flamengo

Porto

Goiás

Brazil


Rubén Paz

Rubén Paz (born 8 August 1959) is a former Uruguayan football player. He has played for Uruguay national team.

44||10
6||0
128||29
25||1
203||40

Peñarol

Internacional

Racing Club

Uruguay

Nelson Luís Kerchner

Nelson Luís Kerchner (born December 31, 1962) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

152||1
86||16
238||17

!Total||17||1


Yokosuka, Kanagawa

It has been recognized as a core city since 2001.


Chuuk State

Chuuk (formerly Truk, Ruk, Hogoleu, Torres, Ugulat, and Lugulus) is a group of islands island in the southwestern part of the Pacific Ocean. It is one of the four states of the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM). The other three are Kosrae, Pohnpei, and Yap. Chuuk has more people than any of the other FSM states. Geographically, Chuuk is also part of the larger Caroline Islands group. 


Monsoon trough

The monsoon trough is part of the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) which extends into or through a monsoon circulation. It is shown on a weather map by a line showing the areas of lower barometric pressure.

Syncytium

Syncytium is a living tissue where there are no complete cell walls (plants) or cell membranes (animals). Syncytia have cytoplasm and many nuclei, but are not divided into separate cells.


Chang Beer

Chang Beer is a beer brand from Thailand. They are one of the biggest alcohol producers in South East Asia. They sponsor Everton Football Club.

Tropical Storm Peter (2003)

Tropical Storm Peter was a short-lived tropical storm that formed after the end of the Atlantic hurricane season. It formed from an extratropical storm, and at first, it was a subtropical cyclone. However, as it moved over warmer waters, it began to gain strength. On December 9, 2003, it became a tropical cyclone. An eye formed within the cyclone, and Peter almost became a hurricane. It reached its peak winds of 70 mph (110 km/h), but wind shear and cooler waters quickly caused Peter to lose strength. 

An extratropical cyclone developed on December 2 in the eastern Atlantic Ocean about 1430 miles (2300 km) southwest of the Azores islands. It moved northwestward, then turned to the north, and developed gale force winds on December 4 after turning to the northeast. Later that day, it turned into a frontal low pressure system. As high pressure existed across the northeast Atlantic Ocean, the storm turned to the southeast. The system turned to the south-southwest on December 7. Later that day, thunderstorms formed around the center, and it is said that the system organized into a subtropical storm late on December 7 while located 835 miles (1340 km) south-southwest of the Azores. The storm moved to the southwest over warmer waters, and the thunderstorms, or convection, around the storm continued to get stronger. The convection became near the center as rainbands developed around the center. Since the storm was gaining more strength, the National Hurricane Center declared the system Tropical Storm Peter on December 9 while located 980 miles (1580 km) northwest of Praia in the Cape Verde islands.

Several days before Peter formed, forecasts anticipated the development of the storm. As it became a tropical storm, Peter was moving slowly, so initial forecasts said the storm would quickly die out. However, an eye feature quickly developed, and Peter strengthened to reach winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) late on December 9. Although the presence of an eye, along with Dvorak classifications of 75 mph (120 km/h), would usually mean the storm is of hurricane strength, Peter stayed as a strong tropical storm and quickly began to weaken. It moved northward due to a cold front. The combination of wind shear and cooler water temperatures quickly weakened the storm. By December 10, Peter became a tropical depression. As the system turned to the northeast, Peter turned into an extratropical storm on December 11. Shortly afterward, it was absorbed by the cold front.

Peter stayed over the open Atlantic Ocean for its entire lifetime. It did not affect land. Because of this, there were no deaths or damages. The storm formed in the month of December, which is rare, since most storms in the Atlantic exist between June and November. Another storm, Odette, also formed in December. This made the 2003 season the first year since 1887 that two storms developed in the month of December. Peter made 2003 the sixth most active Atlantic hurricane season (at the time, it was the fifth). The 235 days between the development of the first storm, Tropical Storm Ana, and the of the last storm, Peter, made the 2003 season the longest since 1952. Peter is one of only four Atlantic tropical cyclones to reach the "P" name since the official naming of hurricanes began in 1950.



Gesamtkunstwerk

Gesamtkunstwerk is a German word meaning "total artwork".

Richard Wagner used gesamtkunstwerk in creating his operas. In the Classical era, there was more emphasis on the music in an opera. But in the Romantic era, there was more of an emphasis on personal expression. Wagner made his operas into movie-like performances.

Poland, Ohio

Poland is a village in Mahoning County, Ohio, United States.

Lycée Michel Rodange

The Lycée Michel-Rodange is a high school in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg. It was founded in 1968. It was named after a famous Luxembourgian writer, Michel Rodange.


Ghost (1990 movie)

Ghost is a 1990 American romantic drama fantasy movie set in New York City. It stars Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Whoopi Goldberg, and Tony Goldwyn.

The movie became an unexpected and huge box office success, earning $505,702,588 on a budget of $22,000,000. It was the most financially successful movie of 1990.

The movie also got very positive reviews from the audience and mostly positive reviews from movie critics as well. Its popularity has made it a cult movie.

When the young banker Sam Wheat (Swayze) is murdered, his spirit stays behind to warn his girlfriend Molly Jensen (Moore) of mortal danger from his friend-turned-betrayer and colleague Carl Bruner (Goldwyn), with the help of a reluctant medium Oda Mae Brown (Goldberg).

Fox Sports

Fox Sports, also referred to as Fox Sports Media Group and stylized in all caps as FOX Sports, is the sports programming division of the Fox Corporation that is responsible for sports broadcasts carried by the Fox broadcast network, Fox Sports 1 (FS1), Fox Sports 2 (FS2), and the Fox Sports Radio network.

The division was formed in 1994 with Fox's acquisition of broadcast rights to National Football League (NFL) games. In subsequent years, Fox has televised the National Hockey League (NHL) (1994–1999), Major League Baseball (1996–present), NASCAR (2001–present), the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) (2007–2010), Major League Soccer (MLS) (2003–2011, 2015–present), the U.S. Open golf tournament (2015–2019), the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) (2016–present), and WWE programming (2019–present). 

On December 14, 2017, The Walt Disney Company announced plans to acquire then-parent company 21st Century Fox for $52.4 billion, which included key assets such as the regional Fox Sports Networks (which were later sold by Disney to the Sinclair Broadcast Group), FX Networks Group (which had previously aired sports-related programming), and Fox Sports International. Under the terms of the proposed acquisition, Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2, and other assets were spun off into the division's current parent company, which is independently owned by 21st Century Fox’s current shareholders in the US under executives John Gelke and Gerard Bevan who is Group CEO with APAC responsibility. The current branding they are using is the Fox Sports branding.


The Girl and the Robot

"The Girl and the Robot" is a song by Royksopp from their album "Junior" (2009). The song features Swedish singer, Robyn. The song tells the story of a girl in love with a man who works too much and never sees her.

Like Toy Soldiers

"Like Toy Soldiers" is a song by rapper Eminem. It samples the song "Toy Soldiers" by Martika. In the song, Eminem declares a truce with all the people that engaged in a feud with and claims that he tried to stop the fights between 50 Cent and Ja Rule. It was from his fifth album Encore. It was No.1 in the UK. The song is about Eminem's attempts to calm an angry community of rappers, He speaks highly about the struggles he had with The Source's editor Benzino, and also speaks highly about the feud with Ja Rule saying he tried to stop the feud, but lost it when he heard him making fun of his daughter in his diss song "Loose Change". The song was also about the feuds of Dr. Dre and 50 Cent, and because of this song Eminem refused to get involved with 50's later feuds which included: Jadakiss, Fat Joe, Game and Young Buck.

Jeff Beck

Geoffrey Arnold Beck (24 June 1944 – 10 January 2023) was an English rock musician. He became famous when he replaced Eric Clapton as the guitarist for The Yardbirds. After leaving The Yardbirds in 1966, Beck worked with his own group and with other musicians.

A lot of Beck's music has no singing. It focuses on Beck's skilled guitar style. His music crosses many genres including blues-rock, heavy metal and jazz fusion. He won four Grammy Awards for "Best Rock Instrumental Performance."

Beck was listed 14th in "Rolling Stone Magazine"'s list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".

Beck was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice. The first time was as a member of the Yardbirds. The second time was as a solo artist.

Beck died from bacterial meningitis on 10 January 2023 in East Sussex. He was 78.

Milla Jovovich

Milla Jovovich (born Milica Jovović, , December 17, 1975) is a Ukrainian-born American model, actress and singer of Ukraine and Montenegrin descent, known for being Alice in the "Resident Evil" movies. She was born in Kiev to a Montenegro father and Ukraine mother. Jovovich became an American citizen in 1994.

On August 22, 2009, she married English filmmaker and writer, Paul W. S. Anderson who she met on her movie Resident Evil, which Anderson wrote and directed, and in which Jovovich starred. They have three daughters together, Ever Gabo (born November 3, 2007), Dashiel Edan (April 1, 2015) and Lark Elliot (February 2, 2020).

Texas Revolution

The Texas Revolution was a successful fight of Texas for independence from Mexico.

In the 1820s, landowning "empresarios" led immigrants, mostly from the United States, to Texas, which was part of Mexico, for cheap land. At first, the Mexican government was happy to fill the land, but soon, most Texans were Americans. Mexico began to worry about losing Texas to the United States and so decided to stop all immigration from there. 

To make things worse, Mexico had a new president, Antonio López de Santa Anna, who got rid of the Mexican Constitution and made himself president for life. People in several places, especially in northeastern Mexico, joined together to fight him and the Mexican Army and to secede from Mexico.

Most Texans wanted independence; one reason was that they refused to accept a Mexican law that banned slavery. Which was declared on April 8th 1830. Many from the Southern United States saw slavery as a way of life. They brought enslaved African Americans to work as field hands in the production of cotton, corn, and sugar.

The war in Texas started when Mexican soldiers tried to take a cannon from the city of Gonzales. This happened on October 2nd 1835. A famous battle in the war was the Battle of the Alamo in which about 200 Texans were killed. After the war, which ended on April 21, 1836 with the Battle of San Jacinto. Texas was declared an independent country and called itself the Republic of Texas.

Texas remained an independent country for ten years. In 1845, the United States Congress voted to admit Texas as a slave state, which made it the country's 28th state. Mexico was angry and so the Mexican–American War began.

Joey Wheeler

Joey Wheeler is a fictional character on the children's television show "Yu-Gi-Oh!". He has blond hair. He normally wears an open green jacket with a white T-shirt underneath and blue jeans. He is often seen with a KaibaCorp Duel Disk on his left arm.

Max Euwe

Machgielis "Max" Euwe (20 May 1901 in Amsterdam – 26 November 1981 in Amsterdam) was the 5th World Chess Champion, from 1935 to 1937. He was a Dutch chess grandmaster, mathematician, and author. He was not a full-time professional player; he got his PhD in pure mathematics in 1926, and worked as a school and college teacher. He was made Professor of Mathematics in 1964.

Against all expectations, Max won the world chess championship in a match with Alexander Alekhine in 1935. Alekhine won the title back in a rematch two years later. After World War II, Euwe was still the best player in western Europe, and played in two world championship candidates tournaments. Max played for the world championship in 1948, in the match-tournament which decided the successor to Alekhine. He finished below Botvinnik, Smyslov, Keres and Reshevsky. Again he tried, at the Candidates' tournament in 1953, but this was also unsuccessful, though he was still a strong player.

Max used his teaching skills in chess as well as mathematics. He wrote 20 chess books, most aimed at helping the club player improve. He invented a subscription correspondence course called "The Chess Archives", but known everywhere as Euwe's Archives. This gave teaching on chess openings, which were then an area of great weakness for club players. The Archives were published in Dutch, German and English, and helped to give professional help to amateur players.

Euwe served as President of FIDE, the World Chess Federation, from 1970 to 1978. He tried to expand chess into more countries, a goal which has succeeded.


Billy the Kid

Henry McCarty (185914 July 1881) was also known as William H. Bonney, and known popularly as Billy the Kid. He was an American gunman who took part in the Lincoln County War. 

Legends say that Billy the kid killed 21 men, but history tells us that he murdered at least four men. The first murder was in . Bonney was born in 1859. 

Before he started using the alias "William Bonney", McCarty's first arrest was for stealing food in late . Within five months he was arrested for stealing clothing and firearms. Two days later, he escaped from jail and fled from New Mexico Territory into the neighboring Arizona Territory, making him an outlaw and a federal fugitive. After murdering a blacksmith during an argument in , Bonney became a wanted man in Arizona Territory. He returned to New Mexico and joined a group of cattle rustlers. He became a well-known figure in the region when he joined the Regulators and took part in the Lincoln County War. In April of 1878, the Regulators killed three men, including Lincoln County Sheriff William J. Brady and one of his deputies. Bonney and two other Regulators were later charged with killing all three men.

Luke Donald

Luke Campbell Donald MBE (born 7 December 1977) is an English professional golfer. He turned pro in 2001. He plays mainly on the U.S. based PGA Tour but is also a member of the European Tour. He is the only player to ever win both money lists on the PGA and European Tours in the same year. This was in 2011. In 2011 he was named the PGA Player of the Year and PGA Tour Player of the Year. He became the first Englishman to win either award. He was also named the European Tour Golfer of the Year. 

Donald was born in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire. He went to Northwestern University. His father is Scottish.

His first time as a professional was at the Reno-Tahoe Open on the PGA Tour. He became only the 11th rookie in PGA Tour history to earn more than $1 million in his first season. 

In 2004 he won the Omega European Masters and the Scandinavian Masters on the European Tour. 

<nowiki>*</nowiki> "Note: The 2002 Southern Farm Bureau Classic was reduced to 54 holes due to adverse weather conditions."

PGA Tour playoff record (1–2)
<nowiki>*</nowiki> "Note: The 2011 Barclays Scottish Open was reduced to 54 holes due to flooding of the course."

European Tour playoff record (1–0)

DNP = Did not play<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
CUT = Missed the cut<br>
"T" = Tied <br>
Yellow background for top-10.


Pit bull

Pit bull is a word used to describe several breeds of dog. This includes the American Pit Bull Terrier, American Staffordshire Terrier, American Bully and Staffordshire Bull Terrier, and dogs with a mix of these breeds. In some locations, the modern American Bulldog and Bull Terrier are described as a "pit bull-type dog". Pit bull can also mean dogs that were known as "bull terriers" before the development of the modern Bull Terrier in the early 20th century.

These dogs were bred by crossing bulldog breeds and terriers. Pit bulls are very strong and can pull many times their weight. They were also bred for dog fighting. The place where such dogs fought was called a "pit". As such dogs can be dangerous, very often a special permit is needed to breed or to own them. Some places or countries may have forbidden their use.

Best Friends Animal Society says pit bulls are good family pets if raised in a loving home and trained well. They say that then they are loyal, intelligent, loving, playful and very obedient pets.

Pediatric trauma experts differ. They say pit bulls should not be around children. Pit bulls cause the most serious dog attack injuries and the most deaths from dog attacks Over 30 countries have varying degrees of laws regulating pit bull ownership. Insurance companies often charge higher premiums for owners of pit bulls.

Patterson et al., 2022 study, "Pediatric dog bite injuries in the USA: a systematic review"
Refer to this with: 

Essig 2019 study, "Dog bite injuries to the face: Is there risk with breed ownership? A systematic review with meta-analysis"

Golinko's 2016 study, "Characteristics of 1616 Consecutive Dog Bite Injuries at a Single Institution"

O'Brien et al., 2015 study, "Dog bites of the head and neck: an evaluation of a common pediatric trauma and associated treatment"

Bini's 2011 study, "Mortality, mauling, and maiming by vicious dogs", Annals of Surgery

Kaye et al.'s 2009 study, "Pediatric Dog Bite Injuries: A 5-Year Review of the Experience at The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia"

D. Caroline Coile 2020 book, Pit Bulls For Dummies


IAHD

The International Association of Handicapped Divers, the IAHD, is an association whose aim is to promote, develop and conduct programs for the training of people with a disability in scuba diving. Since it's began in 1993 the IAHD has held many professional and nonprofessional programs at locations all around the world.

The IAHD is a non profit foundation and all the people on the board are volunteers. There are also volunteers in regions around the world. Physical exercise helps people improve their health both physically and mentally. A person with a disability gets these benefits as well as increased social activity by taking up an activity like scuba diving. The risks in training a disabled person in diving are no higher than for able bodied people.

Instructors may have to alter some of the techniques and some equipment may also need changing to meet the individual's need. In some cases extra pool and / or open water training may be needed. In some extreme cases even individual lessons may be needed. IAHD believes that people with a disability should be in a regular class at some point in their training. Being involved with activities like scuba diving may even result in giving a person with a disability a renewed interest in life and provide positive and lasting benefits. 


Alex Mineiro

Alexander Pereira Cardoso (born 15 March 1975) is a formerBrazilian football player.

Cruzeiro

Atlético Paranaense

Palmeiras


Giuseppe Rossi

Giuseppe Rossi (born 1 February 1987) is an Italian football player. He plays for Villarreal and Italy national team.

16||1||2||2||7||2||2||0||27||5
19||9||0||0||colspan="2"|-||1||0||20||9
57||23||6||2||colspan="2"|-||13||3||76||28
92||33||8||4||7||2||16||3||123||42

!Total||14||3

Nemanja Vidić

Nemanja Vidić (born 21 October 1981) is a Serbian football player. He plays for Manchester United and Serbia national team.

94||18||||||||||||||94||18
29||4||||||||||||||29||4
102||8||14||0||6||0||26||2||148||10
225||30||14||0||6||0||26||2||271||32

!Total||56||2

Lino Marzoratti

Lino Marzoratti (born 12 October 1986) is an Italian football player. He plays for Cagliari.

83||2
83||2

OFK Beograd

O.F.K. Beograd is a football club which plays in Serbia.


Ricardo Rangel

Ricardo Achiles Rangel (15 February 1924 – 11 June 2009) was a Mozambican photojournalist and photographer.

Rangel was born in the city of Lourenco Marques, now known as Maputo, Portuguese East Africa in February 1924. His father was a Greek businessman and Rangel was of African, European and Chinese descent. Rangel was raised by his African grandmother in the impoverished suburbs surrounding Lourenco Marques, while he visited his parents in the outlying provinces.

Rangel's photography career began during as the early 1940s by developing pictures in a private studio. Interest in taking photographs soon followed. Rangel was hired as the first non-white employee to join the Mozambican newspaper "Noticias de Tarde" in 1952, where he worked as a photographer. Rangel moved to "Noticias de Tarde" sister publication, "Notícias", in 1956.

He next became the head photographer at the Lourenco Marques daily newspaper, "A Tribuna", from 1960 until 1964. Rangel moved to the city of Beira during the mid-1960s. He worked as a photographer for several Beira-based newspapers including "Diário de Moçambique", "Voz Africana" and "Notícias da Beira". He returned to the city of Lourenco Marques during the late 1960s and returned to "Notícias". 

Rangel joined with four other Mozambican journalists in 1970 to found a weekly magazine called "Tempo", which in effect acted as the only publication in opposition to Portuguese rule. Additionally, "Tempo" was also Mozambique's first full color magazine. Rangel's worked as "Tempo"'s main photojournalist, often documenting poverty or Portuguese policies which were perceived as unfair by the publication.

Many of Rangel's colonial era photographs were banned or destroyed by Portuguese government censors, and could not be published or exhibited until Mozambique's independence in 1975. He became a frequent target of the Portuguese secret police, the PIDE.

Mozambique gained independence from Portugal in 1975. Rangel took an active role in training new Mozambican photographers throughout the post-independence era and Mozambican Civil War. He was appointed the chief photographer of Noticias in 1977, after most other photojournalists had left the country following Mozambique's independence.

Rangel became the first director of the weekly Mozambican publication "Domingo" in 1981. He went on to found the Photographic Training Centre, school for photography, in Maputo in 1983 and remained the centre's director until his death in 2009. Rangel began showing his work in European and African art galleries and museums beginning in 1983. 

Rangel also founded the Mozambican Photography Association, serving as the organization's first chairman. He was later bestowed the title of Life President by members of the association and remained the aaosciation's 

In 2008, Rangel was awarded an honorary doctorate in social science for his "contribution to Mozambican culture" from Eduardo Mondlane University, which is Mozambique's oldest and largest university.

Additionally, Rangel was elected to the Maputo Municipal Assembly from 1998 to 2003 as a member of the Juntos Pela Cidade (Together for the City). 

Rangel died in his sleep at his home in Maputo, Mozambique, on June 11, 2009, at the age of 85. He was survived by his Swiss wife, Beatrice. Rangel's funeral, which was held at Maputo City Hall on June 15, 2009, was attended by several dignitaries, including Prime Minister Luisa Diogo. Jazz music was played at the funeral according to his wishes, as Rangel was a fan of jazz. He was buried in the Lhanguene cemetery in Maputo.

Prime Minister Luisa Diogo praised Rangel's life and career at his funeral, noting that Rangel left "an indelible mark on the history of Mozambique." She also praised Rangel's colony era work which was used "to denounce colonial dictatorship," and pointed out that many of Rangel's photographs had been banned until Mozambique's independence.

Joao Costa, the head of the Mozambican Photographic Association (AMF), spoke of Rangel saying, "the man has died, but his work remains".

The movie “Ricardo Rangel – Hot Iron”, the director Licinio de Azevedo is a film designed the Instituto Camões in Luanda as part of the cycle CPLP Film Festival which takes place in the Angolan capital of the 10th day September 16, 2009.

Organized by the embassies of the CPLP countries accredited in Angola, the cycle includes the display of five films of Portugal, Brazil, Cabo Verde, Mozambique and Angola second source of Embassy of Mozambique in Luanda, contacted by AIM in Lisbon.
The film, lasting 52 minutes, is a documentary 80 years of Ricardo Rangel, 60 of which were dedicated to photography, directed by Licinio de Azevedo and co-produced by Camilo de Sousa and Ebano Multimédia. It was filmed and completed a few months before the death of Rangel, on June 11, 2009 

Ricardo Rangel, photographer, 80 years, is the living symbol of the generation that in the late 40 started the first complaints against the colonial situation. While photographing the city of the settlers, Ricardo showed the inhumanity and cruelty of colonialism. From then until the end of civil war after independence, Ricardo photographed 60 years of history of Mozambique. In this movie, Richard takes us on his life and work, where the city of Maputo, the bohemian and jazz have a special place 

Reverberation

Reverberation is when sound waves continue to vibrate after the original source of the sound has stopped emitting sound. Reverberation can cause echoes.

Reverberation time is a period when the sound is gone in an enclosed area after the source of the sound has stopped. In the end of 19th century Wallace Clement Sabine experimented with reverberation time. He determined the relationship between the quality of acoustics, the size of the chamber, and the amount of absorption surfaces present. 

Regina Moraes

Regina Fonseca de Moraes (10 March 1938 – 12 September 2009) was a housewife, shepherd and evangelist.

Adilson Batista

Adílson Dias Batista (born 16 March 1968) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.










José Fábio Santos de Oliveira

José Fábio Santos de Oliveira (born 21 April 1987) is a Brazilian football player.

58||9||2||3||60||12
58||9||2||3||60||12

Jia Xiuquan

Jia Xiuquan (born November 9, 1963) is a former Chinese football player. He has played for the China PR national team.

25||0||0||0||9||0||34||0
25||0||0||0||9||0||34||0

!Total||50||7


Yoshiaki Ota

Ota was born in Hamamatsu on June 11, 1983. He joined J1 League club Júbilo Iwata for their youth team in 2002. He became a regular player as right side midfielder in 2005. However his opportunity to play decreased behind new player Yuichi Komano from 2008. In July 2009, Ota left the club aims to transfer to Europe. However he could not transfer to Europe. After half year blank, he joined Vegalta Sendai in 2010. Although he could not play many matches in 2010, he played many matches as forward in 2011. In 2012, he became a regular player as right side midfielder and Vegalta finished at the 2nd place which is best results in the club history. He played all 34 matches for 3 years in a row (2012-2014). In 2015, he re-joined Júbilo Iwata for the first time in 6 years. Although Júbilo was relegated to J2 League from 2014, he played many matches and Júbilo was promoted to J1 end of the 2015 season. However his opportunity to play decreased from 2017 season. He retired end of the 2019 season.

In 2007, Ota was selected the Japan national team for 2007 Asian Cup. Although he did not play in the match, Japan won the 4th place.

349||40||29||3||64||6||10||0||452||49
349||40||29||3||64||6||10||0||452||49

Tomasz Frankowski

Tomasz Frankowski (born 16 August 1974) is a retired Polish football player. He retired in 2013. 

302||168
72||29
0||0
33||11
16||0
17||2
336||164

!Total||21||10

Ryoichi Kawakatsu

Kawakatsu was born in Kyoto on April 5, 1958. After graduating from Hosei University, he joined Japan Soccer League Division 2 club Toshiba in 1981. In 1983, he moved to Division 1 club Yomiuri. The club won the league champions in 1983, 1984 and 1986/87. The club also won 1984, 1986, 1987 Emperor's Cup and 1985 JSL Cup. He played 61 matches until 1988. Toward the end of his career, he played for Kyoto Shiko Club (1988–1990) and Tokyo Gas (1990–1992). He retired in 1991.

On February 8, 1981, when Kawakatsu was a Hosei University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Malaysia. He played 13 games for Japan until 1982.

After retirement, Kawakatsu started coaching career at Tokyo Gas in 1991. In 1992, he moved to Verdy Kawasaki (later "Tokyo Verdy"). In 1997, he managed at 1997 Emperor's Cup as Valdir Espinosa successor. In September 1998, he became a manager as Nicanor de Carvalho successor. In 1999, he moved to Vissel Kobe. He was sacked in July 2002. In June 2006, he signed with Avispa Fukuoka as Hiroshi Matsuda successor. However the club was relegated to J2 League and he resigned. In 2010, he returned to Tokyo Verdy and managed until September 2012. In June 2014, he signed with Kyoto Sanga FC and managed until end of season.

133||7||12||1||15||1||160||9
133||7||12||1||15||1||160||9

!Total||13||0

Suplex

A suplex is a well-known wrestling move. Many wrestlers use this move. There are also variations of the suplex, like the belly to belly suplex, fisherman's suplex and many more.

Drake (musician)

Aubrey Drake Graham (born October 24, 1986) is a Canadian rapper, singer, and actor. who has sold over five million album copies. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He was the character Jimmy Brooks for eight seasons on the television show "". He is of Jewish and Black/Afro-American descent. His mother is white and his father is black.

Drake has worked with a lot of other musicians. Drake collaborated with Rihanna on the number-one singles "What's My Name?" (2010) and "Work" (2016). He also rapped on "Moment 4 Life" (2011) by Nicki Minaj. "Moment 4 Life" was nominated for a 2012 Grammy Award in the category Best Rap Performance. His third album "Take Care" won the award for Best Rap Album at the 2013 Grammy Awards.

On September 30, 2013, he was named as the "global ambassador" for the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

In 2016, he released "Views", an album that was only on iTunes at first. His single "One Dance" became his first number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 as a main artist.

On March 18, 2017, Drake released "More Life", which he referred to as a "playlist" instead of an album. The singles "Fake Love" and "Passionfruit" reached the top ten in countries worldwide.

In 2018, Drake worked with Travis Scott and published "Sicko Mode". It was nominated for the Grammy Awards for Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance.

Drake's single, "God's Plan", from the EP "Scary Hours", entered at the top of the US "Billboard" Hot 100. After 11 weeks at number one, the single "Nice for What" also entered at number one, making Drake the first artist to have a number-one entry replace another number-one entry at the top of the chart. "Nice for What" became Drake's fifth American chart-topper. Drake released the single "I'm Upset" in May 2018 and announced he would release his next album, "Scorpion", in June. Despite rumors, particularly a beef with rapper Pusha T, Drake revealed in the album that he has a child, a son named Adonis, with French artist Sophie Brussaux.

On April 2, 2020, Drake released the single "Toosie Slide", based on the dance of the same name that had been posted to social media app TikTok. It became his third number-one entrance on the "Billboard" Hot 100, tying him with Mariah Carey as having the most songs enter at the top. It became his seventh US number-one single overall.

His father is from Memphis and is named Dennis Graham.



Sled

A sled, sledge, or sleigh is a type of vehicle that is used to travel over ice or snow.




Telamon

In Greek mythology, Telamon (; Ancient Greek: Τελαμών) was the son of Aeacus, king of Aegina, and Endeïs, a mountain nymph. He was the older brother of Peleus. The brothers joined Jason as members of the Argonauts. He was also the father of Ajax the Greater and Teucer. They both fought during the Trojan War. 

Tom Green (disambiguation)

Tom Green could mean:

Sol Davis

Solomon Sebastian Davis (born 4 September 1979) is an English footballer who plays for Arlesey Town. He began his career at Swindon Town.



The Three Stooges

The Three Stooges was a comedy act that made short movies from 1934 to 1970. The Three Stooges used physical comedy to entertain. This form of comedy is called slapstick comedy. The actors were Moe Howard, Larry Fine, Jerome Curly Howard, and Shemp Howard.

The Three Stooges also made a cameo appearance in the 1963 comedy classic "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World".

Christine Lieberknecht

Christine Lieberknecht (born 7 May 1958) is a German politician of the CDU. From 2009 to 2014, she was Minister-President of the state of Thuringia.

Christine Lieberknecht was born in Weimar and grew up in the village of Leutenthal in central Thuringia. Her father was a Lutheran pastor there. She finished school in 1976, studied theology in Jena and became a Lutheran pastor, too.

Christine Lieberknecht was a member of the CDU of East Germany since 1981. In September 1989, she was one of the four people who wrote the "Letter from Weimar". In that letter they demanded that the CDU should no longer work together with the SED.

After the German reunification in 1990, Thuringia became a state of Germany. Lieberknecht held many offices in the state: Minister of Education from 1990 to 1992; Minister of Federal and European Affairs from 1992 to 1999; President of the Landtag of Thuringia from 1999 to 2004; leader of the CDU parliamentary group in the Landtag of Thuringia from 2004 to 2008 and Minister of Social Affairs from 2008 to 2009.

In 2009 the CDU lost their absolute majority in the state election in Thuringia. The Minister-President of Thuringia, Dieter Althaus, resigned. The CDU formed a coalition with the SPD and Christine Lieberknecht became Minister-President. She is also the chairperson of the CDU in Thuringia.

Christine Lieberknecht is the second woman that became Minister-President of a German state. The first was Heide Simonis in the state of Schleswig-Holstein in 1993.


Aerodynamics

Aerodynamics means studying how air (or gas) travels around something moving through it. Streamlining to reduce drag in vehicles is a major field in aerodynamics. Aircraft design is another.

The study of gases that are not in motion is called aerostatics.

Aerodynamics comes from Aero (Air), and Dynamics (Moving).

For aircraft, lift (force) is the force pushing up. Gravity is the force pushing down. If lift is stronger than gravity the plane goes up. If gravity is stronger than lift, the plane goes down. In planes, lift is caused by airflow. Airplane wings are designed in such a way that, the air molecules prefer moving under the wing rather than above it, so as a result there is more air flowing underneath the wing compared to above it. This motion of the air gives upward lift to the aircraft. "See Bernoulli's principle." 

Thrust and drag govern forward motion. Thrust is the force pushing forward, and drag is the force pushing backward. Thrust is usually made by either propellers or jets. Drag is the force pushing backward. Most drag is caused by air friction.

Fennec fox

The fennec fox ("Vulpes zerda") is a small fox that lives in sandy deserts. It lives in the Sahara (in northern Africa) and the northern part of Saudi Arabia. Foxes are in the family Canidae. Canidae also includes dogs, wolves, and coyotes.

This fox is agile. It has huge ears and very large eyes. The large ears help the fox lose excess heat. They also help it hear its prey from a long distance away. The fennec fox has hairy feet that protect it from the hot sand. 

The fennec fox is nocturnal (most active at night). It rests during the day in a burrow in the sand. It lives in groups of up to 10 animals. It marks its territory with urine. Its life span is 10 to 12 years in the wild, and 10-14 years in captivity.

Fennec foxes can reproduce at the age of about 9 months.

These foxes are small. The head and body can range from . They weigh between . Fennec foxes are famous for their large ears which can reach up to or longer. Their tails can be between long. Most of the time, their fur is a sandy-white color.

Fennec foxes eat small prey animals, insects, and fruits. Small prey include rodents, such as mice. Sometimes they will eat reptiles. They do not need water as often since they can get it from their food.

Salvage

Salvage means 'rescue' and as such may refer to:





East Carolina University

East Carolina University (ECU) is an accredited university in Greenville, North Carolina, USA.

ECU's sports teams are called the Pirates. They joined the American Athletic Conference in July 2014.


Kodomo

Kodomo is a type of anime aimed at all children, regardless of gender. It is often educational, teaching social skills like sharing, teamwork or just getting along with others. Characters in here could have supernatural or mutant powers as they help each other fight evil characters or 'bad guys', or simply complete a mission or task. An example would be pokemon, which is a really popular anime for kids which was originally adopted by the game. This is aimed at the kids because of the popular game. Pokemon go! There are other versions too. Generally, to say, TV-PG would be the highest. 

Seinen manga

Seinen manga are Japanese comics for young men. There are also seinen anime. Much the same way that shônen is meant for boys up to about high school age, seinen is meant for men older than high school age. It’s basically the next male demographic.

Seinen manga and anime have a very wide range of stories. Seinen can be almost anything that’s intended for men over 18 years of age. Action, comedy, drama and even hentai can all be called seinen.

Josei

Josei anime is anime intended for women older than high school age. "Josei" means “women”. It is the next female demographic after shōjo. Much like shōnen and seinen there is a little overlap. Some anime fitting both demographics.

Josei might share some traits with shôjo, but josei tends to be more realistic. The stories portrayed in Josei anime are usually more like real life than the stories found in shôjo. This is because the Josei audience is more mature, and want more mature anime.

The Marine

The Marine is a 2006 American action thriller movie starring WWE wrestler John Cena. It was produced by the films division of WWE, called WWE Studios. It was distributed in the United States by 20th Century Fox. The film made approximately $15.1 million at the United States box office in its first week. It was in theaters for ten weeks. The film grossed $18.8 million in the US.


Harem (genre)

Harem is a kind of story in Japanese anime and manga where a male character is surrounded and loved by many female characters. "Suzuka", "Love Hina", "Ai Yori Aoshi", "Rosario + Vampire, Highschool DxD" and "Sekirei" are just a few examples. Most of the time the females are romantically interested in the main character. The term "harem" is generally not used by itself, but as an adjective to the genre—such as "harem anime" or "harem manga". The term orginates from the Arabic word "hareem" which literally means women and was also used to refer to one man many women like a sultan hareem. 

Daryl Surat, a contributor to Otaku USA, suggests that many harem anime are built around one core fetish (e.g. meido ("Hanaukyo Maid Team"), meganekko ("G-On Riders"), lolicon ("Rozen Maiden"), nuns ("Amaenaideyo"), large breasts ("Eiken")). There are also reverse harem anime in which a female protagonist is surrounded by gorgeous boys: "Ouran Host Club" and "The Wallflower" being the best known.

Some recent harem titles have experienced a backlash from some anime fans in the United States, particularly from women, due to recurring usage of female fan service in series with the genre designation, prompting calls of sexism from some viewers. However, this is in spite of portrayals of male sexuality in anime being a fast-growing trend in the U.S.

MS-13

Mara Salvatrucha (also known as MS-13) is one of the most dangerous gangs in the world. They are mostly Salvadorian.

Lana Lang

Lana Lang is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character has traditionally been Superman's romantic interest when they were teenagers in Smallville, Kansas. She was Clark Kent's childhood friend and confidant and one of the first people that knew about Clark's powers. Lana is kind, patient and loyal, which is why Superman and Supergirl see her as family. Her family includes her son, Clark Ross and her niece Linda Lang, also known as Supergirl. She acts as both aunt and mentor to Supergirl. Lana is also the editor of the business section at the Daily Planet and lives in the penthouse of Hammersmith Tower in Metropolis with her niece. Following the events of DC Rebirth, Lana Lang absorbed energy from a dead Superman's body giving her the power to convert solar radiation into various forms of electromagnetic energy; she went by the superhero alias Superwoman for a time.

Lana Lang has had a lengthy publication history. She was created by Bill Finger in 1950, first appearing in "Superboy" #10.

She has appeared in other media adaptations of Superman, typically as a teenager. These portrayals include the "Adventures of Superboy" television series in which Stacy Haiduk played her, and the WB/CW television series "Smallville" played by Kristin Kreuk. In "Superman: The Movie", Lana was played by Diane Sherry. In the 1983 movie "Superman III", she was played by Annette O'Toole, who would later portray Martha Kent on "Smallville". Emmanuelle Chriqui portrays the character in the television series "Superman & Lois".
Lois Lane

Lois Lane is a fictional character created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster. She is the romantic interest of Superman in the comic books from DC Comics. She first appeared in "Action Comics" #1 in June 1938. Like Superman's alter ego Clark Kent, she is a reporter for the newspaper, "The Daily Planet".

Margot Kidder played the character in four "Superman" movies in the 1970s and 1980s, Kate Bosworth in the 2006 movie "Superman Returns", Amy Adams in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU), and will be played by Rachel Brosnahan in the DC Universe (DCU) franchise.

Teri Hatcher played the character in the television series "" (1993-1997), and Erica Durance in the television series "Smallville" (2001-2011). Actress Elizabeth Tulloch currently plays Lois Lane in The CW television series "Superman & Lois" (2021-present).

Woody Austin

Albert Woody Austin II (born January 27, 1964) is an American PGA golfer. He turned pro in 1986. He was born in Tampa, Florida. He went to the University of Miami.

Lex Luthor

Lex Luthor (full name: Alexander Joseph <nowiki>"Lex"</nowiki> Luthor) is a fictional supervillain from the comic books published by DC Comics. He is the main enemy of Superman. He is also an enemy of Batman and other superheroes in the DC Comics. The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster. He first appeared in "Action Comics" #23 (April 1940). He has been adapted into movies, tv shows and video games as well. Several actors have played Lex Luthor in motion pictures as well as in TV shows such as Lyle Talbot, Gene Hackman, Clancy Brown, Michael Rosenbaum, Kevin Spacey, Jesse Eisenberg, Jon Cryer, and Nicholas Hoult.

Bones (TV series)

Bones is an American television program on the Fox Network. Emily Deschanel plays the title character forensic pathologist Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan, and David Boreanaz plays Special Agent Seeley Booth. The show is set in Washington, D.C. Together the two of them solve crimes. There is a spin-off titled "The Finder".

69 (sex position)

69 (or spelled "sixty-nine") is a sex act in which two people align themselves so that each person's mouth is near the other's genitals (penis, vagina) performing oral sex. The 69 position can be used by a male and a female, two males, or two females. Both people are facing opposite directions which is like the numbers 6 and 9. This is where the name "69" comes from.


Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo

Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo ("Dendrolagus goodfellowi"), or the ornate tree kangaroo, is a marsupial in the biological family Macropodidae. 

The family includes kangaroos, wallabies and their relatives, and the genus "Dendrolagus", with eleven species. 

The species live in the rainforests of New Guinea. 

In the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, Goodfellow's tree-kangaroos are listed as endangered. This is a result of too much hunting of them, and humans living too close to their habitat.

Like most tree-kangaroos, Goodfellow's tree-kangaroos look very different from terrestrial (land) kangaroo species. 

Unlike land-living kangaroos, their legs are not long compared to their forelimbs (arms). They are strong and end in hooked claws for grasping tree branches. Goodfellow's tree-kangaroos have long tails for balance. These physical traits help them with a mostly tree-living life. They have short, woolly fur, usually reddish-brown in color, a gray-brown face, yellow-colored cheeks and feet; pale stomachs, long, golden-brown tails, and two golden stripes on their backsides. They weigh about seven kilograms (about 15 pounds).

Goodfellow's tree-kangaroos are slow and on the ground. They move at about the speed a human walks and do not hop well (hopping is something that, by contrast, terrestrial kangaroos are famed for). 

However, in trees, Goodfellow's tree-kangaroos are fearless and agile. They climb by wrapping their arms around the trunk of a tree and hopping with their strong back legs. This allows their arms to slide. They have very good jumping ability and can jump from trees to the ground from thirty feet up without hurting themselves.

Goodfellow's tree-kangaroos feed mostly on the leaves of the silkwood tree ("Flindersia pimenteliana"). Other foods are part of their diet when available, including different kinds of fruit, cereals, flowers and grasses. 

They have large stomachs rather like fermentation vats. They use a two-stage process like cows and related herbivores digest food. First the food is softened in one part of their stomach, and then by passing the material back up and chewing it again, they can return it to a second part of their stomach. This is where bacteria in the stomach's various chambers, breaks down the tough fibers of leaves and grasses.

Mahamadou Diarra

Mahamadou Diarra (born 18 May 1981) is a Malian football player. He plays for Monaco and Mali national team.

21||2||||||||||21||2
69||9||||||||||69||9
121||7||13||3||35||4||169||14
72||3||5||0||16||1||93||4
283||21||18||3||51||5||352||29

!Total||||

Rodrigo Batata

Rodrigo Batata (born September 10, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

22||5||0||0||22||5
22||5||0||0||22||5

Francisco Arce

Francisco Arce (born 2 April 1971) used to be a Paraguayan football player. He has played for the Paraguay national football team.

134||29
16||1
6||0
156||30

!Total||61||5

HŠK Concordia

H.Š.K. Concordia was a football club which has played in Yugoslavia.

Mirko Hrgović

Mirko Hrgović (born 5 February 1979) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina former football player. He plays for Široki Brijeg and Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

89||8
11||0
35||15
23||0
158||23

!Total||28||3

Emerson Thome

Emerson Thome (born 30 March 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

74||5
171||3
40||0
285||8

Sérgio Ricardo de Jesus Vertello

Sérgio Ricardo de Jesus Vertello (born 19 September 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.

155||12||8||3||6||0||169||15
155||12||8||3||6||0||169||15

Michel Pensée

Michel Pensée (born 16 June 1973) is a former Cameroonian football player. He has played for Cameroon national team.

5||0
25||1
25||0
18||1
73||2

!Total||5||0

Rodrigo (footballer, born 1979)

Rodrigo Nunes de Oliveira (born 11 January 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

5||0||0||0||1||0||6||0
5||0||0||0||1||0||6||0

FK Vojvodina

F.K. Vojvodina is a football club which plays in Serbia.

Mike Myers

Michael John "Mike" Myers, (born 25 May 1963) is a Canadian actor, comedian, director, producer and screenwriter. He was a comedian on "Saturday Night Live" from 1989 to 1995. He has acted in movies including: "Wayne's World", "Austin Powers", "", "Austin Powers in Goldmember", "Shrek" and "The Love Guru".

Myers was born to English parents (from Manchester) and raised in Montréal, Quebec, Canada. He holds three citizenships: Canadian, British and American.

Myers stated comedians like John Cleese, Dan Aykroyd, Chevy Chase, Monty Python, John Belushi, Peter Sellers, Robin Williams, Jane Curtin and Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias as influences.

Haddaway

Alexander Nestor Haddaway (born January 9, 1965) known as Haddaway is a Trinidadian-German singer. He is best known for his 1993 song "What is Love". The song was featured in the movie "Night at the Roxbury" and on "Saturday Night Live".

Haddaway was born in Port of Spain, Trinidad. He moved to the United States to live with his mother in Maryland City, Maryland. He went to high school in Maryland. He studied Political science and History at George Washington University in Washington, D.C. In 1984, He moved to Cologne, Germany.

In 1992 Haddaway was signed to Coconut Records. His first album "Haddaway" was released by Arista Records.

Fine Young Cannibals

Fine Young Cannibals was an English pop rock band. Their hit song was "She Drives Me Crazy".


Pet Sematary (1989 movie)

Pet Sematary is a 1989 horror movie. It is based on the novel by Maine author Stephen King.

Hedy Lamarr

Hedy Lamarr (9 November 1914 – 19 January 2000) was an Austro-Hungarian-born American film actress and inventor. She was a film star during Hollywood's golden age.

After a brief film career in Europe, including "Ecstasy" (1933), Lamar moved to the United States. She became a film star with her performance in "Algiers" (1938). Her MGM films include "Lady of the Tropics" (1939), "Boom Town" (1940), "H.M. Pulham, Esq." (1941), and "White Cargo" (1942). Her greatest success was as Delilah in "Samson and Delilah" (1949). She also acted on television before the release of her final film, "The Female Animal" (1958). She was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960.

At the beginning of World War II, she and avant-garde composer George Antheil developed a radio guidance system for Allied torpedoes that used spread spectrum and frequency hopping technology to defeat the threat of jamming by the Axis powers.

Hedy Lamarr was born as Hedwig Eva Maria Kiesler in Vienna. She was the daughter of a bank director and a concert pianist. She studied ballet and piano at age 10. 
Later, the famous director Max Reinhard in Berlin said she was the most beautiful woman in Europe. She worked in movies and in her third movie played her first title role ("Man braucht kein Geld" or "No Money Needed"). The 1933 movie "Ecstasy" was considered a scandal as it showed her bathing naked and running through a wood naked. Later that year, she married, but left her husband in 1937. She signed a contract with MGM in London and went to the USA, where she became a film star and spent the rest of her life. With a musician friend she patented a torpedo to be controlled by spread spectrum radio signals. She became a US citizen in 1953. She died in Altamonte Springs, Florida.


Bowie knife

A Bowie knife is a large hunting knife. It is named after Colonel Jim Bowie. The knife was probably designed by his brother, Rezin P. Bowie. Rezin (pronounced "reason") gave his younger brother (Jim) the knife so he would always have a backup weapon. It became history after the "sandbar fight" on the banks of the Mississippi River in September 1827. This started as a duel but quickly became a fight between the two seconds, Judge Crane and Jim Bowie. Crane pulled out a pistol and shot at Bowie twice. One bullet hit Bowie in the leg the other killed an onlooker. Friends on both sides began shooting and slashing with knives. Bowie was wounded several times but managed to kill one assailant and wound another with what witnesses called a "big butcher knife". This made both Bowie, the knife-fighter, and his knife famous. More than a dozen knifemakers of the time claim to have made the first Bowie knife. But no one knows who made the first one or exactly what it looked like.

Dick in a Box

"Dick in a Box" is a comedy song by The Lonely Island. The song features Justin Timberlake. The song was recorded in 2006.

Jizz in My Pants

"Jizz in My Pants" (also known as "J*** in My Pants") is a comedy sketch that was performed on YouTube and the television show "Saturday Night Live" on 6 December 2008. The sketch was made into the music video for a song by The Lonely Island. It is from their debut album, "Incredibad". The video stars band members Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer. It also features Justin Timberlake, Molly Sims and Jamie-Lynn Sigler. "Jizz in My Pants" has been viewed over 117 million times on YouTube, . 

Walking Tall

Walking Tall is an American action movie with "The Rock", also known as Dwayne Johnson, starring in it. It is set in Kitsap County, Washington. The main character carries a 2x4 piece of wood and uses it as a weapon against the bad guys.

Green Goblin

Green Goblin is the alias of several fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The most well-known incarnations of the character are Norman Osborn and Harry Osborn. The Green Goblin is a Halloween-themed supervillain whose weapons resemble bats, ghosts, and jack-o'-lanterns and in most incarnations uses a hoverboard or glider to fly. They are enemies of Spider-Man. 

The character was played by Willem Dafoe and James Franco in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy (2002-2007), and Dafoe reprised his role in (2021). The character is also played by Chris Cooper and Dane DeHaan in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2". 

Danaus eresimus

The Soldier or Tropical Queen ("Danaus eresimus") is a North American and South American butterfly. It is in the family Nymphalidae. Their flight is slow and they are easy to approach. They will fly for some distance if approached too closely.

The upper side of the wings is a dark reddish-brown color. The fore wing (the top wing) sometimes has white spots along the edge. The veins are lightly marked with black. The male has a black patch on his hind wing (the bottom wing). This spot releases scents to help the female find and mate with the male. This spot is called an androconium (plural, androconia). The underside of the wings is also a dark brown color. There is a band made up of square shaped spots in the center of the hind wing. The Soldier has a wingspan of 2½ to 3½ inches.

Similar species in the Soldier's range include the Monarch ("Danaus plexippus") and the Queen ("Danaus gilippus").

The Monarch is more orange. It has heavier black-lined veins. The underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color.

The Queen has nearly no black-lined veins. On the fore wing it has white spots on both surfaces of the wings.

The Soldier may be found in a variety of open, subtropical habitats such as citrus groves, weedy water edges, and dry fields.

This butterfly my be seen from February to December in southern Florida (it is most common in October to December). In southern Texas, it is seen from August to January.

The eggs are bright orange. The black caterpillar is banded with white and yellow stripes. It has a row of yellowish-tan spots near the top of the body. There are six black, fleshy filaments. The first pair is near the head. The second pair is on the thorax. The third pair is at the end of the abdomen. The chrysalis is very similar to the Monarch's chrysalis. It is very hard to tell the difference between them. It has 3 or more broods per year.

Here is a list of host plants that the Soldier caterpillar feeds on:


New Super Mario Bros. Wii

New Super Mario Bros. Wii is a 2009 platform game for the Wii, and is the follow-up to the 2006 game "New Super Mario Bros." for the Nintendo DS. The game was first revealed at Nintendo's E3 2009 and was released on November 12, 2009 in Australia, November 15, 2009 in North America, November 20, 2009 in Europe, December 3, 2009 in Japan, and August 7, 2010 in South Korea. A follow-up to this game, which is also a sequel to the 2006 game, titled "New Super Mario Bros. 2", was released on the Nintendo 3DS in August 2012. A sequel to "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" and a follow-up to "New Super Mario Bros. 2", titled "New Super Mario Bros. U", was released on the Wii U on November 18, 2012, which had an extension pack titled "New Super Luigi U", which was also released on the Wii U in June 2013.

Although "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" is a 2D platform video game, some of the characters and objects are 3D polygonal renderings on 2D backgrounds, resulting in a 2.5D effect (also seen in "New Super Mario Bros.") that visually simulates 3D computer graphics. Players can play as either Mario, his brother Luigi, or two Toad characters: one blue navy and one yellow (with the first player always as Mario). Controls are similar to those of "New Super Mario Bros.", with the added abilities of spinning in midair by shaking the Wii Remote and picking up, carrying, and throwing other players. In multiplayer mode, players can play up to four players simultaneously. If a player character loses a life and has at least one life in reserve, they will re-emerge encased inside a bubble and can resume play once another player frees them by touching the bubble or a fire or ice ball (the player can shake the Wii Remote to move his bubble closer to an active player, but cannot free themself). If a player loses a life and does not have any more lives, a Continue must be used to start over with five lives. Players can also encase themselves inside the bubble by pressing the A button while a more skilled player traverses a difficult segment. If every character in a co-op session enters bubbles at the same time (whether through death or pressing the A button), the level is lost, and they must restart.

In multiplayer mode, if one or more players do not keep up with the one in the lead, on some levels, the view will pan out a bit so that the player[s] in the rear will still be in view. If the players still do not catch up, they are then dragged by the edge of the screen until they move forward faster or lose a life to a fall or other object. If one player enters a pipe, climbs a vine, grabs the flagpole at the end of the stage, etc. without the others, the other players will warp to the same place after a short time or have a limited amount of time to grab the pole before the course ends. On vertically scrolling courses, being left below the screen results in losing a life. On the world map, Mario (Player 1) controls navigation.

Players return to the map screen if they all run out of lives or if all players lose their lives at the same time, leaving no one to free them. For most levels, there is a midway flag that, if touched, will return the player to that point after dying and being sent back to the map screen. The stage is completed by getting at least one player to touch the goal at the end, though a bonus is awarded if all players manage to grab hold of the flag within three seconds of the first player grabbing it. In a few levels, in addition to the normal goal and flag pole, there is an alternative exit leading to a red flag pole. Reaching this goal will open up a new path on the map, leading to new stages on the overworld map and, on occasion, a warp cannon (which will blast the player off to a later world). The game does not feature online multiplayer. During single-player mode, losing a life sends the player back to the map screen.

Along with the usual "Mario" series items, as well as the Mini Mushroom from "New Super Mario Bros.", new items have been added, including: the Propeller Mushroom, which allows players to fly; the Ice Flower, which allows players to freeze enemies with snowballs; and the Penguin Suit which, on top of the Ice Flower's ability, allows players to slide along the ground and across water as well as have better control on ice and in water. Players are also able to ride on Yoshis, who appear in certain levels and can swallow enemies and flutter in the air.
All the levels can be accessed via a map screen, and enemies are often roaming it. If the player bumps into one while traveling the map, a "mini-boss" fight will be initiated; if successful in the fight, players can earn three extra Super Mushrooms. There are also Toad Houses where players can earn additional lives and items that can be equipped on the map screen. At some points, a Toad will appear trapped in one of the previously completed levels, and the player can choose to rescue him from a block and carry him safely to the end of the stage to earn bonus lives (this can only be done with one player). There are three Star Coins hidden in each course, which can be spent on hint movies that show certain secrets, such as the location of a secret goal or how to gain infinite 1-ups. Collecting all the Star Coins within a world unlocks one course from the secret World 9 that can only be played after the main game has been completed.


The game includes simultaneous multiplayer capability for up to four players. In addition to the main story mode, which can be played in either single-player or multiplayer modes, there are two dedicated multiplayer modes. "Free-for-All Mode" ranks players at the end of each course by score, coins, and enemy kills; while the other mode, "Coin Battle," ranks players on the amount of coins collected.

The game is played either in classic style, with the Wii Remote held horizontally, or in Nunchuk style. The Nunchuk is used for movement. Some actions, such as jumping and attacks, are performed with the buttons, while others, like spinning in midair and picking up other players, are performed by shaking the Wii Remote. Certain areas of levels, such as specific platforms, can also be manipulated by tilting the Wii Remote.

The game is the first on the Wii to feature "Super Guide," a new system devised by Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto. During single-player mode, if a player dies eight times in a row in any level, a green "!"-block appears, allowing a computer-controlled Luigi to show the player a safe path through the level. The player may interrupt the guide at any time and take control. After Luigi completes it, the player has the option to try the level again or skip it completely. However, Luigi will not reveal any Star Coin locations or secret exits. A variation of this is used in "Super Mario Galaxy 2", where it is called "Cosmic Guide." Another variation is found in "Donkey Kong Country Returns", where it is also known as "Super Guide."

On May 30, 2009 it was announced that two new sequels would be released for the Wii: "Wii Fit Plus" (a sequel to "Wii Fit") and a new Mario game tentatively called "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" (the name of the game was unknown at that time), a sequel to "New Super Mario Bros". "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" was later officially announced at the 2009 E3 convention and Gamescom in Cologne, Germany. To highlight the uniqueness of the game, Nintendo chose the color of the case to be red instead of the traditional white.

The game was created in response to Nintendo's head game developer Shigeru Miyamoto's desire to recreate the "Mario" series's single-player gameplay experience for multiple players, as he was unable to bring these ideas to the previous installments. The Wii's hardware allowed him to display enough enemies and items on the screen at once and allowed a camera that could dynamically adapt to the players' movements, ensuring they constantly knew what was happening to their character. Miyamoto said Princess Peach was not a playable character because of her dress, since it would require "special processing and programming to handle how her skirt is handled within the gameplay." 

The music for "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" was created by Shiho Fujii and Ryo Nagamatsu. There were additional compositions provided by sound director Kenta Nagata. Koji Kondo was the sound advisor and did not write any new compositions, though some of his creations were rearranged for the game. Charles Martinet returned to voice Mario and Luigi, along with Samantha Kelly as the Toads and Princess Peach, Kenny James as Bowser, and Caety Sagoian as Bowser Jr. New voice actors include Lani Minella as Larry Koopa, Morton Koopa Jr., Wendy O. Koopa, and Lemmy Koopa; Dan Falcone as Roy Koopa; and Mike Vaughn as Iggy Koopa and Ludwig von Koopa.

Luigi's Mansion

Luigi's Mansion is a 2001 video game released for the Nintendo GameCube. It was developed, created, and released by Nintendo, a famous Japanese video game company.

This game has a sequel for the Nintendo 3DS: "", which supports tilt motion. It was released in North America on March 24, 2013.

Luigi has won a mansion in a contest which he did not enter, and he requests that Mario checks the mansion first. When Luigi realizes that Mario has been long absent, he heads off to the Mansion in search of him. In contrast to the mansion shown on his flyer, Luigi notices that it is old, haunted, and inhabited by multiple ghosts. Around the start of his adventure, Luigi meets Professor E. Gadd, who gives him the Poltergust 3000, a vacuum cleaner that can capture ghosts.

Thurberiphaga diffusa

Thurberiphaga diffusa is a North American moth. It is in the family Noctuidae.

"Thurberiphaga diffusa" is found only in southern Arizona.

This moth has one brood per year. It is seen from July to September.

The caterpillar bores into the stem of the host plant. It is a pinkish color. It is covered with rough hairs.

"T. diffusa"'s only host plant is Wild Cotton ("Gossypium thurberi").

Glandular fever

Glandular fever is a viral infection caused by the EpsteinBarr virus. Glandular fever is often spread through oral acts such as kissing which is why it is sometimes called "the kissing disease". However, glandular fever can also be spread by airborne saliva droplets. 

Symptoms of glandular fever include:


There is no specific treatment for the Epstein-Barr virus. Paracetamol and NSAIDs (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) can be used to ease the flu like symptoms. Other than that, very little can be done to treat Glandular Fever. The symptoms usually pass over the space of about two to four weeks without any complications.

In diagnosing glandular fever, your GP will ask you about your symptoms before carrying out a physical examination. They will look for the characteristic signs of glandular fever, such as swollen lymph nodes, tonsils, liver and spleen.
Occasionally if the physical examination does not clearly show evidence of glandular fever, blood tests can sometimes be done in order to get a diagnosis.
Two types of blood tests can usually help to diagnose glandular fever. These are:

Hard Rock Stadium

Hard Rock Stadium is a stadium where football, soccer, and other sports are played. The stadium is in Miami Gardens, Florida, which is part of the Miami metropolitan area. It replaced the Orange Bowl, Miami's other football stadium. The Miami Dolphins (pro football) and the Miami Hurricanes (University of Miami football) both play in the stadium. Also, Major League Baseball's Miami Marlins, then known as the Florida Marlins, played there from their first season in 1993 through the 2011 season, after they moved to Marlins Park, a stadium built for baseball at the former Orange Bowl site.

Since it was built, six Super Bowls (Super Bowl XXIII, Super Bowl XXIX, Super Bowl XXXIII, Super Bowl XLI, Super Bowl XLIV, Super Bowl LIV), two World Series (1997 World Series and 2003 World Series), and three BCS National Championship Games (2001 Orange Bowl, 2005 Orange Bowl, 2009 BCS National Championship Game) and 2012 WWE WrestleMania XXVIII have been held in the stadium.

The stadium was the first stadium that was built using money from private people. Joe Robbie was the person who gave a good part of the money needed to build the stadium.

Robbie made the stadium with a wider field so that soccer and baseball could be played in the stadium. The seats that are closest to the field are 90 feet from the sidelines on the football field. Baseball was played in the stadium as planned, making use of the wider fields.

After the stadium was completed, it was named for the person who designed the field, Joe Robbie. The first regular season NFL game that was played in the stadium was a win against the Kansas City Chiefs.

The Miami Dolphins started playing in the stadium in 1987. The Miami Marlins, when they were known as the Florida Marlins, played there from 1993 through 2011. The Orange Bowl game has been held in Hard Rock Stadium every year since 1996. Since the stadium was completed, Madonna, U2, Van Halen, Ozzy Osbourne, The Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd, Elton John, Billy Joel, Chicago, Genesis, Gloria Estefan, The Police, Guns N' Roses, The Who, Hall & Oates, Rod Stewart, Paul McCartney, and The Three Tenors have all had concerts at the stadium. WWE WrestleMania XXVIII was also held the stadium with a record crowd of 78,363 fans. (Main Event John Cena vs. Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson)


Greater St. Louis

The Greater St. Louis Metropolitan Area surrounds the city of St. Louis, Missouri. St. Louis is the main city and commercial center for the area. It also includes the St. Louis, MO-IL metropolitan statistical area (MSA) and the St. Louis–St. Charles–Farmington, MO–IL combined statistical area (CSA). The MSA area is the 21st-largest, as of 2020.

In the St. Louis, MO-IL metropolitan statistical area (MSA), it includes the Illinois counties (Bond, Calhoun, Clinton, Jersey, Macoupin, Madison, Monroe, and St. Clair (known collectively as the Metro East)) and the Missouri counties (Crawford (only the City of Sullivan), Franklin, Jefferson, Lincoln, St. Charles, St. Louis (separate from and not inclusive of the city of St. Louis), and Warren).

Greater St. Louis is home to many professional sports teams including the St. Louis Cardinals and St. Louis Blues. Former professional teams include the St. Louis Rams and St. Louis Browns.

Ecological niche

An ecological niche is the part of the environment into which a species fits, and to which it is adapted. A shorthand definition of niche in biology is how an organism makes a living in a place.

However, the term has been used in different ways. It is not only a place but a way of life. For example, grazers, insectivores, scavengers and predators can all live their different lifestyles in the same forest. A niche can be occupied by different species in different places even though they 'earn their living' in roughly the same way. Thus the 'bird of prey eating small mammals' niche would in grasslands include the kestrel, but in an oak wood it would be filled by the tawny owl.

The idea of a niche in natural history is ancient: many writers noticed that animals and plants live in places where they are well adapted to live. The word "niche" was first used in biology by naturalist Roswell Johnson, but in 1917 Joseph Grinnell was the first to use it in a research program. Later, he described the niches of a variety of species. Grinnell was the first to offer the "exclusion principle" in which only one species could occupy a particular niche at any one time.

Scientists who study the interactions between living things, such as animals and their environment are called ecologists, and their branch of science is called ecology. A niche is a term which describes a position or opportunity into which some organism fits well. Thus, an ecological niche is a place in nature that is filled by an animal or plant because it is well suited to do so.

When a niche is left open, for example by extinction, other organisms may fill that position.

Also, invasive species of plants and animals in a new land often take over all or part of the niches of native organisms. Sometimes the loss results in the extinction of the natives.

In ecology, niche differentiation (also known as niche segregation, niche separation and niche partitioning) is how competing species use the environment differently in a way that helps them to coexist.


Ascension of Jesus

According to the New Testament, the Ascension of Jesus happened at the end of Jesus' life on earth. The Acts of the Apostles says that after Jesus told his apostles to teach the gospel to everyone, he went up to heaven to be with God.The Apostles' Creed says that Jesus "ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of God the Father". There He is praying for those who believe in Him. 

Ascension Day is often celebrated on a Thursday, the fortieth day of Easter, although some Christian denominations have moved the observance to the following Sunday.

Degenerate art

Degenerate art () was the term used by the Nazi regime in Germany to describe nearly all modern art. The Nazis banned the art because they said it was un-German or was Jewish or Bolshevist in nature. Artists who were labeled as degenerate were punished by the laws. They were not allowed to teach, they could not show or sell their art, and some were even forbidden from creating any art at all. 

"Degenerate Art" was also used as the name for an exhibition put on by the Nazis in Munich in 1937. The exhibition was made up of modern artworks, displayed badly, with text labels making fun of the art. This was meant to make people hate modernism. The show traveled to several other cities in Germany and Austria.

While modern styles of art were not allowed, the Nazis liked paintings and sculptures that were very traditional and old fashioned. They thought art should glorify Nazi ideas of the "blood and soil" values of racial purity, militarism, and obedience. Music was also expected to be tonal and free of any jazz influences; movies and plays were censored. The censorship was done by the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda.

Paulo Henrique Miranda

Paulo Henrique Miranda (born 21 February 1972) is a Brazilian football player.

31||5||2||2||2||1||35||8
5||2||1||1||colspan="2"|-||6||3
36||7||3||3||2||1||41||11

Alexandre Finazzi

Alexandre Silveira Finazzi (born 20 August 1973) is a Brazilian professional athlete. He is best known as a football player.

6||1
6||1


Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink

Johannes Vennegoor of Hesselink (; born 7 November 1978) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a striker. He formerly played for the Netherlands national team.

Twente

PSV

Celtic

Kuniya Daini

Daini was born in Kobe on October 12, 1944. After graduating from Keio University, he joined Mitsubishi Motors in 1970. The club won the Japan Soccer League champions in 1973 and 1978. The club also won 1971, 1973, 1978 Emperor's Cup and 1978 JSL Cup. He retired in 1978. He played 119 games and scored 1 goal in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1973.

On July 12, 1972, Daini debuted for the Japan national team against Khmer. In 1974, he was selected Japan for 1974 Asian Games. He also played at 1974 World Cup qualification and 1976 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 44 games for Japan until 1976.

After retirement, Daini became a manager for Mitsubishi Motors as Kenzo Yokoyama successor in 1984. He led the club to won the 3rd place for 2 years in a row (1986-1988). However, in 1989, the club was relegated to Division 2 first time in club history and he resigned.

From 1992, Daini worked at Japan Football Association. He served as vice-president (2006-2012) and president (2012-2016).

119||1
119||1

!Total||44||0

Antonio de la Cruz

Antonio de la Cruz (born 7 May 1947) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

247||6
247||6

!Total||6||0

Tomislav Erceg

Tomislav Erceg (born 22 October 1971) is a former Croatian football player. He has played for Croatia national team.

16||3
192||97
27||12
14||2
23||3
17||0
15||10
15||3
29||12
348||142

!Total||4||1

Luis Robson

Luis Robson (born 21 September 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

102||32
5||0
70||16
177||48

Jadílson

José Jadílson dos Santos Silva (born 4 December 1977) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Pelotas.





Wannsee Conference

The Wannsee Conference was a meeting of senior members of the Nazi German government. It was held in the Berlin suburb of Wannsee on 20 January 1942. The conference was to tell leaders of government departments that dealt with Jews, that Adolf Eichmann had been put in charge of the "Final Solution to the Jewish question" (in German: 'die Endlösung der Judenfrage'). They were expected to give the plan their full support. Heydrich presented a plan for removing the Jewish population of Europe and French North Africa (Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia) to German-occupied areas in eastern Europe. Those people that were fit, would be put to work on road building projects. It was expected that they would be worked to death. The survivors would be executed when the projects were finished. The plan was never carried out as planned, as it was based on the continued German occupation of Polish and Soviet lands. Instead, as the Soviet army gradually pushed back the German lines, most of the Jews of German-occupied Europe were sent to concentration or death camps, or killed where they lived. Because of the effort of historian Joseph Wulf, the Wannsee House, where the conference was held, is now a Holocaust Memorial.

Mario &amp; Luigi: Superstar Saga

Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga is a game for the Game Boy Advance. It is the third "Mario" RPG, after "" for the SNES and "Paper Mario" for the Nintendo 64. However, it is the first game out of three that stars both Mario and Luigi. The other two games starring both Mario and Luigi are "" and "". "Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga" was released in North America on November 17, 2003 and in both Japan and Europe on November 21, 2003, and in Australia on November 28, 2003. The game was rereleased for the Wii U's Virtual Console in April 2014 and remade for the Nintendo 3DS in October 2017 titled Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga + Bowser's Minions.

The Beanbean Kingdom ambassador comes to pay an unfriendly visit. They take Princess Peach's voice and then reveal they are the witch Cackletta and servant Fawful. Bowser hears about this when Mario beats him as first boss. Then Bowser helps out by bringing them to the Beanbean kingdom. But the Koopa Cruiser explodes sending them in Stardust Field. Their adventure really begins.

Rheydt

Rheydt is a borough of the city of Mönchengladbach, Germany. It lies in the very west of North Rhine-Westphalia. 

The first written mention of the town is in 1180. From 1918 until 1933 it was part of the city of Mönchengladbach. Dr. Joseph Goebbels, who was born in Rheydt, arranged for the city to get back its independence. It is a town with many factories, mainly silk and textiles. It was bombed heavily during World War II. In 1975 it again became part of Mönchengladbach. The central station, Rheydt Hauptbahnhof, kept its original name, which makes Mönchengladbach the only city in Germany to have two stations called Hauptbahnhof.

Schloss Rheydt, one of the best preserved palaces of the Renaissance period, is located in Rheydt.

Animals of New Zealand

The animals of New Zealand have an unusual history. The main thing to know is that the islands were part of Gondwana, from which they separated 84 million years (mya) ago. New Zealand has some animals and plants which survive from that time, and birds which flew there much later. The islands are well known for their terrestrial birds, some of which were large species (the moas). For millions of years the islands did not have any native mammalian carnivores, and the moas' only predators were other birds, such as the giant Haast's eagle.
Humans arrived in New Zealand less than 1,300 years ago. At that time the country's only mammals were bats (which flew there), and pinnipeds and sea lions (which swam there). This meant that all the ecological niches occupied by mammals in other lands were occupied in New Zealand by either insects or birds. Because of this, the country has an unusually large number of flightless birds, of which only the kiwi, and the kakapo survive. 

Because of the lack of predators, even the bats spend most of their time on the ground. There are also about 60 species of lizard (30 of gecko and 30 of skink), and four species of frog (all rare and endangered). There are two species of tuatara, "Sphenodon", the only surviving reptile in its order. These living fossils are reptiles of a type which flourished as long ago as 200 million years. While mapping its genome, it has been discovered that the species has between five and six billion base pairs of DNA sequence. The reptile now lives only on the islands in the Cook Strait and the Bay of Plenty.

Humans brought with them the Polynesian Rat ("Kiore") and the dog. Europeans later brought their domesticated animals. Of these, the rats, ferrets, cats, stoats and dogs have all had serious effect on the original New Zealand animals. They have driven many species to extinction. Possums were later introduced from Australia for a fur industry, and deer from Europe as animals to be hunted. Both seriously damaged the forest habitat of many birds.

In recent years people made efforts to remove mammals from off shores either the animals are big or small. In some parts of the mainland, mammals are being completely eliminated inside fenced areas to create "ecological islands". Examples are the Karori Wildlife Sanctuary in Wellington City, from which about a ton of dead possums was removed after the installation of a mammal-proof fence, and the Maungatautari Restoration Project.


University of Jena

The University of Jena, officially the Friedrich Schiller University Jena (, abbreviated FSU, shortened form "Uni Jena") is a university in Jena, Germany. It was founded in the year 1558. In 2009, there were more than 21,000 students.

The University of Jena has got ten faculties:

In 1934 the University of Jena was named after Friedrich Schiller. Schiller, a very famous German poet, had been a professor in Jena since the year 1789.

The University of Jena is a member of the Coimbra Group, a group of many important European universities.


Hurricane Grace (1991)

Hurricane Grace was a Category 2 hurricane. It lasted only four days. It became part of another cyclone known as the Perfect Storm.

Grace formed on October 26. At first, it was a subtropical cyclone. This means it was partially tropical and partially extratropical. It became a full tropical cyclone on October 27. It later reached winds of . The storm had a little effect on the island of Bermuda when it passed to the south. Another storm to the north made Grace turn east. The hurricane combined with the large circulation of the other low pressure system.

Grace began as a low pressure area in the middle of the atmosphere. It formed on October 23 south of Bermuda. Reports from a ship said that it was in the lower atmosphere by October 25. At first, the storm was like a subtropical cyclone. There were not many thunderstorms around its center. (For a storm to gain strength, strong thunderstorms need to build around it.) The system started being called a subtropical storm on October 26. A separate area of clouds near Bermuda slowly became involved with this storm. There started to be thunderstorms near the center of the storm. Because of this, on October 27, the storm became a tropical storm and was named "Grace".

Grace continued to get larger. Information from satellites gave measures of the storm's strength. Based on that and reconnaissance reports, Grace was changed to a Category 1 hurricane. That is the lowest level on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The hurricane moved towards the northwest until an extratropical cyclone formed along a cold front on October 28. This storm quickly became stronger and very large. It eventually caused Grace to turn quickly to the east. Around the same time, Grace began to have an eye. Grace moved faster as it moved east. On October 29, it reached its highest strength. Its winds were at . Its minimum central barometric pressure was 980 mbar (hPa; 28.94 inHg). That made it a Category 2. The center of the hurricane passed south of Bermuda. Bermuda was not affected much.

Hurricane Grace turned northeast later that day. The cold front quickly came and overtook it. After that, it was no longer a tropical system. Grace moved north along the front. It combined with the large storm to the north. By the next day, Grace could not be seen any more.

On October 27, a tropical storm warning was sent for Bermuda . The next day, the tropical storm warning was made into a hurricane warning. On October 29, the hurricane warning was lowered to a tropical storm warning. This was changed to a gale warning shortly after. Bermuda had some rain and wind from the storm. The rain reached . However, no deaths or bad damage were reported. A yacht, a type of boat, that was traveling from Bermuda to New York ran into strong winds and seas high off the Virginia coast. The nine people on the boat had to be rescued by Coast Guard helicopters.

Because of its large size, Grace caused large waves along the East Coast of the United States. These waves reached at least high. No bad property damage occurred. There was minor beach erosion. Carolina Beach, North Carolina lost about of sand.

The damage from Hurricane Grace was mostly small. Because the damage from the tropical cyclone was not very bad, the name "Grace" was not retired. It was reused during the 1997 Atlantic hurricane season.



Eli Whitney

Eli Whitney (December 8, 1765 – January 8, 1825) was an American inventor. He is known as the inventor of the cotton gin, an important invention in the Industrial Revolution. He made it in 1793 March 14. Born in Westborough, Massachusettes. 

Cotton gin

A cotton gin, or a cotton engine is a machine that pulls cotton fibers away from the cotton seeds. The modern cotton gin was invented by the American inventor Eli Whitney.It is significant in American history because after its invention, Southerners began growing much more cotton and so they needed more slaves to work on their cotton plantations. Instead of disappearing, slavery became even more important to the Southern economy.

Gale warning

A gale warning is an advisory issued to warn people about forecast gale force winds. In the United States, warnings are issued by the National Weather Service to areas that will have winds within the range of 39 to 54 miles per hour or 63 to 69 km-h.

The following is an example of a Gale Warning issued by the National Weather Service office in North Webster, Indiana.


James Burton

James Burton (born August 21, 1939, in Minden, Louisiana) is an American musician. He is most famous as a guitar player and has played with many famous singers including: Ricky Nelson, Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Merle Haggard, John Denver, Jerry Lee Lewis, Elvis Costello, Roy Orbison, Joni Mitchell and the Everly Brothers.

In 2001 Burton was elected into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

The Fender Musical Instruments Corporation makes a special ""Telecaster"" electric guitar which is named after James Burton.

Jeff Burton

Jeffrey Brian Burton (born June 29, 1967 in South Boston, Virginia) is a retired Nascar Sprint Cup series driver. Jeff Burton drove the #31 Caterpillar Chevrolet SS for Richard Childress Racing, and used to drive for Roush Racing in the #99 car, as well as racing part-time for Michael Waltrip at Michael Waltrip Racing. Jeff's brother Ward Burton also drove in the Sprint Cup series. In 2013, Burton decided to stop driving in NASCAR and started working for NBC Sports helping broadcast NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races.

LeVar Burton

Levardis Robert Martyn "LeVar" Burton Jr. (born February 16, 1957) is an American actor. He first became famous for acting in the television series "Roots". He is probably best known for his role in the popular television series "", and as the host of the PBS show "Reading Rainbow".

LeVar Burton has also written a book called "The Aftermath". He has also done work as a television director.

LeVar Burton has two children, a son and a daughter. He lives with his wife and daughter in California.




Beach erosion

Coastal erosion is a term for the removal of beaches or dunes by waves, tidal currents, wave currents, or drainage. Waves, caused by storms and wind cause coastal erosion. On rocky coasts, coastal erosion results in dramatic rock formations in areas where the coastline contains rock layers. Softer areas become eroded much faster than harder ones, which can cause things like tunnels, bridges, columns, and pillars.


Indestructible Records

The Indestructible Record Company was started in 1906 by William Messer, who used to work for Thomas Lambert, the inventor of plastic cylinder records. They started making 4-minute cylinders (with 200 grooves in an inch instead of 100) in 1909. In the 1910s they started dubbing cylinder masters from disc masters made by Columbia, and also from Federal Record Corporation disc masters—also done by Edison (with his ) starting in 1915. They used Federal masters after Federal was launched in 1919 by Indestructible. In the fall of 1922, there was a large factory fire that shut down all cylinder production permanently. Production of Federal discs was stopped for a while, but masters were still recorded on and off, and Federal was bought by Emerson Records in 1925. Emerson still survives today as a radio maker.

Gonaïves

Gonaïves (Kréyòl: "Gonayiv") is a port city in western Haiti. It is the capital city of the Artibonite "Département".

The city is on the coast of the "Gonaïve" Bay, on the northeast of the Gulf of Gonâve, about 171 km north of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. It is also the chief town of an "arrondissement" (a part of a department) with the same name. The "arrondissement" has three "communes" (a "commune" is like a municipality): Gonaïves, Ennery and Estère.

In 1802, the Battle of "Ravine-à-Couleuvres", an important battle of the Haitian Revolution, was fought near Gonaïves.

Gonaïves is also known as City of Independence because it was there that Jean-Jacques Dessalines declared Haiti independent from France on 1 January 1804.

Floods produced by rains from tropical storms and hurricanes devastated the city and many people died in September 2004 (Hurricane Jeanne), and again four years later, in August-September 2008 (Hurricane Hanna).

Gonaïves is an important commercial centre. The agricultural products of the region (coffee, cotton, sugar and bananas) are sent to other countries and other parts of Haiti from the harbor of the city.



Britannia

Britannia () is the national personification of Britain as a woman with a trident and shield and wearing a helmet. The image of Britannia was first used in classical antiquity. The word "Britannia" in Latin could mean the British Isles, the island of Great Britain, or the Roman province of Britain in the time of the Roman Empire.

Images of Britannia show her sitting or lying down with a spear and shield. This image was first used on Roman coins in the 2nd century AD. After the Romans, the image of Britannia was first used again for coins of the pound sterling made for Charles II of England, Scotland, and Ireland. These were the first to show Britannia with a Union Flag on her shield. After many victories of Britain's Royal Navy, coins with Britannia show Neptune's trident from 1797. Her image wears a helmet on coins after 1825.
Britannia was the common Latin name for Great Britain starting in the 1st century BC. Britannia replaced the name Albion as the common name for the island used by the Romans. After the Romans overcame the ancient Britons in war in 43 AD, Britannia could mean just the southern two thirds of the island which was under Roman control. (Caledonia, north of the River Forth in modern Scotland, was only sometimes overcome by the Roman army.) Britannia was also a goddess. Latin text on a gritstone base for a statue from Eboracum (York) gives the goddess the name "Holy Britannia" (). This stone was in existence in 1740, but it is now lost. A soldier in the Roman army dedicated another altar to the goddess Britannia near Castlehill Fort on the Antonine Wall. The altar is now in Glasgow. 


Funhouse

"Funhouse" is a song by pop singer, Pink. It is the fifth release from her 2008 album, entitled the same as the name of the song, "Funhouse". It tells of Pink's split with a partner. It reached 20th position in the UK Singles Chart. There is also a techno remix of the song.

Obsessed

"Obsessed" is a song by singer Mariah Carey. It is on her album "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel". It is the lead single from the album. The song was released June 16, 2009.

Run This Town

Run This Town is a song by the American rapper Jay-Z. It features rapper Kanye West and singer Rihanna. It is from Jay-Z's album, "Blueprint 3". It is 4:27 long, and was released in 2009.

Nada Surf

Nada Surf is an American alternative rock band from New York. They formed their band in 1992. There are 3 members in the band. They are also known as "North Sixth Street".


Robben Island

Robben Island is an island near Cape Town in South Africa. It was a high-security prison where Nelson Mandela was held captive for 18 years of his total of 27 years in jail. He and the other political prisoners were forced to work at the limestone quarries on the island. They were not allowed to talk or do anything but work. There was also a village on the island

Robben Island is both a South African National Heritage Site as well as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.


The Taking of Pelham 123 (2009 movie)

The Taking of Pelham 123 is a 2009 American crime thriller movie. It was directed by Tony Scott and stars Denzel Washington and John Travolta. It is based on the novel of the same name written by Morton Freedgood (writing under the pseudonym John Godey) and 1974 movie "The Taking of Pelham One Two Three". It is set in New York City.

Ethernet switch

An ethernet switch is a device used to build a network connection between the attached computers using Ethernet port of computers(allows computers to talk to each other).It is an example of Packet switching.It differs from an ethernet hub: While a hub will send incoming data packets to all ports, a switch understands the packets' addressing scheme and will send any data packet only to its destination port, thus limiting the number of collisions (data sent at the same time).

A switch is used in a wired network to connect to other devices using Ethernet cables. The switch allows each connected device to talk to the others. Wireless-only networks do not use switches because devices such as wireless routers and adapters communicate directly with one another.

Although you can use the ports on the back of a router or modem to connect a few Ethernet devices together, switches offer a number of advantages:

Switches allow you to connect dozens of devices.
Switches keep traffic between two devices from getting in the way of your other devices on the same network.
Switches allow you to control who has access to various parts of the network.
Switches allow you to monitor usage.
Switches allow communication (within your network) that's even faster than the Internet.
High-end switches can be tailored to your network needs with pluggable modules.

Keisuke Ota

Keisuke Ota (born 23 July 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba.

171||24||17||2||31||7||3||0||222||33
171||24||17||2||31||7||3||0||222||33

Frédéric Antonetti

Frédéric Antonetti (born 19 August 1961) is a former French football player.

Sota Nakazawa

Sota Nakazawa (born 26 October 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gamba Osaka.

89||3||12||1||24||2||18||0||143||6
89||3||12||1||24||2||18||0||143||6


Ryo Kobayashi

Ryo Kobayashi (born 12 September 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Montedio Yamagata.

117||6||6||0||21||1||144||7
117||6||6||0||21||1||144||7

Naoya Kondo

Kondo was born in Utsunomiya on October 3, 1983. He joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol from their youth team in 2002. He got an opportunity to play in 2003 and became a regular center back in 2004. However he could not play many matches for repeated injuries from 2005. He became a regular player again in summer 2009. However Reysol was relegated to J2 League end of the 2009 season. In 2010, he played all 34 matches except 2 matches for suspension. Reysol also won the champions in J2 and was returned to J1 in a year. In 2011, Reysol won the champions in J1 League. He was also selected Best Eleven award. From 2012, Reysol won the champions in the 2012 Emperor's Cup and 2013 J.League Cup. However his opportunity to play decreased from 2014. In 2016, he moved to Chiba Prefecture's cross town rivals, JEF United Chiba in J2 League. He played as regular center back in 3 seasons. In 2019, he moved to J2 club Tokyo Verdy. He retired end of the 2020 season.

In 2003, Kondo was selected the Japan U-20 national football team for 2003 World Youth Championship and played 3 matches. On February 24, 2012, he debuted for Japan national team against Iceland.

401||20||22||1||37||0||16||1||476||22
401||20||22||1||37||0||16||1||476||22

!Total||1||0

Hidekazu Otani

Hidekazu Otani (born 6 November 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashiwa Reysol.

153||9||10||2||21||1||184||12
153||9||10||2||21||1||184||12

Groove Armada

Groove Armada is an English rap/techno/rock duo. The duo consists of two male members. Their recording label is Columbia Records. Their album "Black Light" was nominated for best electronic/dance album at the Grammy Awards.


Ellis Island

Ellis Island is an island near New York City. It was used for immigrants coming from other countries to the United States from 1892 until 1954. Some immigrants to other countries, like Canada, also went through the island. It is located in Upper New York harbor, north of Liberty Island (Statue of Liberty) and east of Liberty state park. 

Headphones

Headphones are electronic audio device that people wear over their ears. They let people hear sounds on a walkman, MP3 player, mobile phone or computer. Headphones come in many different sizes from big to small. They are also known as earphones, stereophones, headsets or even 'cans'. Earbuds are inserted into the ear. Headphones typically uses small plug for connection. Some use a Bluetooth connection so they don't have the cord in the way. Some sources say Bluetooth headphones are riskier than wired headphones because of the radiation emitted by Bluetooth.

There is a risk of deafness if listening to headphones with a high volume for a long time.

Processed cheese

Processed cheese is a dairy product. It is made from cheese. Other unfermented dairy products, emulsifiers, salts, food colorings and whey may be added to this. 

The first processed cheese was made by Walter Gerber in Thun, Switzerland in 1911. Today, this is still sold as "Gala". The first processed cheese in Germany was made by Gebrüder Wiedemann, in 1922. This was named "Adler" (which is German for Eagle). At approximately the same time, Fromageries Bel launched La vache qui rit, which is still available today. In Austria, it was "Alma", in 1921.

There are a number of advantages of processed cheese over regular cheese. These are:
One disadvantage to processed cheese is that it is unhealthier than other cheeses if eaten too much.

Paraffin wax

In chemistry, paraffin is the common name for the alkane hydrocarbons with the general formula CH. Paraffin wax refers to the solids with n between 20 and 40, inclusive.

The simplest paraffin molecule is methane, CH, a gas at room temperature. Heavier members of the series, such as that of octane, CH, and mineral oil appear as liquids at room temperature. The solid forms of paraffin, called "paraffin wax", are from the heaviest molecules from CH to CH. Paraffin wax was identified by Carl Reichenbach in 1830.

Paraffin, or "paraffin hydrocarbon", is also the technical name for an alkane in general, but in most cases it refers specifically to a linear, or "normal" alkane — whereas branched, or "iso"alkanes are also called "iso"paraffins. It is distinct from the fuel known in Ireland, Britain and South Africa as "paraffin oil" or just "paraffin", which is called kerosene in most of the U.S., Australia and New Zealand.

The name is derived from the Latin "parum" (= barely) + "affinis" with the meaning here of "lacking affinity", or "lacking reactivity". This is because alkanes, being non-polar and lacking in functional groups, are very unreactive.


Bahrain Grand Prix

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

Repetition

Repetition is a rhetorical device where words are used a number of times to emphasize something in literature or maybe even poems and rhymes. Repetition is used for many things but is mainly used in books to emphasize or to give you clues into the storyline.


Wende

Wende ("the turn-around") refers to a historical process in the German Democratic Republic (GDR) in the years 1989 and 1990, after the Soviet reforms of Mikhail Gorbachev. The communist Socialist Unity Party of Germany ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands", shortly "SED") lost their power and a democratic government was established. The policy of this new government lead finally to German reunification in October 1990.

The "Wende" was known to be very peaceful. The people who were against the SED and communism did not want to use violence, and so these events are also known as the Peaceful Revolution (in German: "Friedliche Revolution").

The "Wende" events were part of the fall of Communism all over Eastern Europe, for example in Poland, Hungary or Czechoslovakia. Soon there were reforms in that countries. In August 1989, Hungary opened its borders to Austria, and many tourists from East Germany crossed the border and fled to Western countries. 

In September, East Germans were not allowed to go to Hungary any more. Soon, more and more East Germans went to the embassies of West Germany in Warsaw and especially in Prague. Soon there were more than 4,000 people in the Prague embassy. West Germany could reach that East Germany allowed its people to go. On 30 September 1989, the West German Foreign minister, Hans-Dietrich Genscher, came to Prague and told the East Germans in the embassy's garden that they could go. The traveled to west Germany by trains which went through the GDR. In the first days of October, even more East Germans went to West Germany from Prague.

In the GDR itself, some oppositional groups were founded, for example the "Neues Forum" ("New Forum"), the "Demokratischer Aufbruch" ("Democratic Awakening") or "Demokratie Jetzt" ("Democracy Now").

Since October 1989, there were lots of demonstrations against the SED and for democracy and human rights. In the city of Leipzig, people met every Monday in a church which is called "Nikolaikirche". They prayed for peace and freedom, and after that, they went out and demonstrate. These demonstrations are called "Montagsdemonstrationen" ("Monday Demonstrations"). 

On 7 October 1989, there was the 40th "birthday" of the GDR. The SED held big celebrations and festivals in East Berlin and other cities. At the same time, lots of people protested in the streets, and more than 1,000 of them were arrested. In Plauen, in the south of East Germany, many people met for a demonstration. Two days later, on 9 October, there was the next Monday Demonstration in Leipzig. About 70,000 people went peacefully through the city centre, and the police or the State Security (Stasi) did not do anything to stop them. 

On 18 October, the main leaders of the SED decided that their chairman, Erich Honecker had to resign. Egon Krenz became the new leader of the SED ("Generalsekretär des Zentralkomitees der SED", "General Secretary of the Central Comitee of the SED") and head of state ("Staatsratsvorsitzender", "Chairman of the State Council"). He said that he wanted to start a "Wende", but the demonstrants still wanted the SED to give up all power.

On 4 November, there was a very big demonstration on the "Alexanderplatz" in East Berlin. More than 400,000 people took part, and the demonstration was shown live on East German television.

The government of the GDR discussed a new law about travels to West Germany and other countries. In the evening of 9 November 1989, there was a press conference with the press secretary of the Central Committee of the SED, Günter Schabowski. Just before that press conference, Egon Krenz had given Schabowski a sheet of paper about the new travel law. Before the press conference ended, a journalist from Italy asked Schabowski a question about freedom of travel. Schabowski read out his sheet of paper, which said that everyone should be allowed to leave the country and come back whenever he or she wanted. When he was asked when this rule should come into force, Schabowski answered "at once" and "immediately".

Many people watched this press conference on TV, and the West German mass media reported that the GDR wanted to open the borders "immediately". So more and more East Germans went to the Wall to see if this was true. When they saw that the Wall was still closed, they became angrier and angrier. After 23:00, the border was opened at one border checkpoint, at "Bornholmer Straße", and soon the other checkpoints followed. In that night lots of people went to West Berlin and back. In the next days and weeks, thousands of people visited West Germany.

On 13 November 1989, Hans Modrow became the new Minister-President of East Germany. He established a Round Table for political decisions. On the Round Table were members of the SED and its mass organisations, from oppositional groups and from the churches. In cities, towns and villages, there were many other Round Tables established, too.

Many people in the GDR still feared the Ministry of State Security, which was known as the "Stasi". Modrow renamed the Ministry into "Amt für Nationale Sicherheit" ("Office of National Security"; AfN). The AfN started to destroy the documents which they had collected over the years. The oppositional forces wanted the documents to be kept, and so they occupied all the Stasi offices in the country in December 1989 and January 1990. The last was the Stasi headquarters in East Berlin on 15 January 1990.

On 18 March 1990, there were free elections to the parliament of East Germany, the "Volkskammer" ("People's Chamber"). These election was won by the "Allianz für Deutschland" ("Alliance for Germany"), a group of parties which wanted the GDR to be annexed by West Germany. The most importand party of the Alliance was the CDU, and their chairman, Lothar de Maizière, became the new Minister-President of the GDR. The new government started the process of reunification, which finally came to an end on 3 October 1990.


Serbian

Serbian () might mean:


Roy Jones Jr.

Roy Jones, Jr. (born January 16, 1969) is an American professional boxer and is the current NABO and IBC light heavyweight champion and has also captured IBF championships in the middleweight, super middleweight and light heavyweight divisions. He has also started a rap career in 2001 releasing his first album entitled "Round One: The Album" and his debut single "You all Must've Forgot". He formed a group in 2004 called "Body Head Bangerz" and released an album with them entitled "Body Head Bangerz: Volume One" which featured B.G., Juvenile, Bun B of UGK, Petey Pablo, Lil' Flip, and Mike Jones including others.

Bobby Labonte

Robert Alan Labonte (born May 8, 1964) is a former American race car driver in the NASCAR Cup Series series. Labonte drove the #47 JTG Daugherty Racing Toyota Camry in 2011. From 1995 until 2005, Labonte drove the #18 car for Joe Gibbs Racing. In 2000 Labonte won the Sprint Cup championship with Joe Gibbs.

Recreo

Recreo is a city of the Catamarca Province in Argentina.

As of 2001 Recreo has a population of over 10,147 inhabitants, making it the fiftieth largest city in the province.


Ibuprofen

Ibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) created by British chemist Stewart Adams. It is used to stop pain, help reduce fevers, relieve arthritis pain, and acts as an inflammatory part. Ibuprofen is used to relieve pain from various conditions such as headache, dental pain, menstrual cramps, muscle aches, or arthritis. It is also used to reduce fever and to relieve minor aches and pain due to the common cold. If you are treating a chronic condition such as arthritis, ask your doctor about non-drug treatments and/or using other medications to treat your pain. See also Warning section.

Check the ingredients on the label even if you have used the product before. The manufacturer may have changed the ingredients. Also, products with similar names may contain different ingredients meant for different purposes. Taking the wrong product could harm you. If you are taking the over-the-counter product, read all directions on the product package before taking this medication. If your doctor has prescribed this medication, read the Medication Guide provided by your pharmacist before you start taking ibuprofen and each time you get a refill. If you have any questions, ask your doctor or pharmacist.

Take this medication by mouth, usually every 4 to 6 hours with a full glass of water (8 ounces/240 milliliters) unless your doctor directs you otherwise. Do not lie down for at least 10 minutes after taking this drug. If you have stomach upset while taking this medication, take it with food, milk, or an antacid.

The dosage is based on your medical condition and response to treatment. To reduce your risk of stomach bleeding and other side effects, take this medication at the lowest effective dose for the shortest possible time. Do not increase your dose or take this drug more often than directed by your doctor or the package label. For ongoing conditions such as arthritis, continue taking this medication as directed by your doctor.

When ibuprofen is used by children, the dose is based on the child's weight. Read the package directions to find the proper dose for your child's weight. Consult the pharmacist or doctor if you have questions or if you need help choosing a nonprescription product.

For certain conditions (such as arthritis), it may take up to two weeks of taking this drug regularly until you get the full benefit.

If you are taking this drug "as needed" (not on a regular schedule), remember that pain medications work best if they are used as the first signs of pain occur. If you wait until the pain has worsened, the medication may not work as well.

If your condition persists or worsens, or if you think you may have a serious medical problem, get medical help right away. If you are using the nonprescription product to treat yourself or a child for fever or pain, consult the doctor right away if fever worsens or lasts more than 3 days, or if pain worsens or lasts more than 10 days.

Senate of Romania

The Senate of Romania is one of the two parts of the parliament. It has 137 seats as of November, 2004. After the Romanian Revolution of 1989, the Senate met in the "Palatul Senatului". That building is found in the Revolution Square.


Armenia, Wisconsin

Armenia is a town of Juneau County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 707 people were living in Armenia as of 2000. Armenia has an area of 77.7 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Beetown, Wisconsin

Beetown is a town of Grant County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 734 people were living in Beetown as of 2000.

The Cranberries

The Cranberries were an Irish rock band from Limerick, Republic of Ireland. The band was formed in 1989 as The Cranberry Saw Us. They became famous around the world with their album "Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We?". In 2003 they broke up. In 2009 they got back together. In 2012 they released their sixth studio album, "Roses". The band ended in 2019, the year after the death of their lead singer, Dolores O'Riordan. 

Yuji Unozawa

Yuji Unozawa (born 3 May 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagano Parceiro.

100||18||12||4||13||4||125||26
100||18||12||4||13||4||125||26

Yuzo Kobayashi

Yuzo Kobayashi (born 15 November 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashiwa Reysol.

154||3||10||0||21||0||185||3
154||3||10||0||21||0||185||3

Masayuki Ochiai

Masayuki Ochiai (born 11 July 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tochigi.

120||3||9||0||3||0||4||0||136||3
120||3||9||0||3||0||4||0||136||3

2. Bundesliga

The 2. Bundesliga, commonly referred to as 2. Fußball-Bundesliga, is a football league which is the second division in Germany (after the Bundesliga).

The decision to establish a fully professional league as 2nd level was made by the DFB 1973. It replaced the Regionalligen as 2nd level. The new 2. Bundesliga was split into a northern and a southern division with 20 clubs each. The champions were promoted directly to Bundesliga, the runners-up had two matches to decide the 3rd team which was promoted. 1981 a single 2nd league was established. The two topteams are promoted, the third team plays relegationmatches versus the 16th of the Bundesliga.


Shinya Tanoue

Shinya Tanoue (born 5 February 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

75||6||8||2||8||0||91||8
75||6||8||2||8||0||91||8

Delio Toledo

Delio Toledo (born 2 October 1976) is a Paraguayan football player. He plays for Kayserispor.

58||3
2||0
129||6
31||0
84||5
304||14

!Total||35||4

Makoto Sunakawa

Makoto Sunakawa (born 10 August 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Consadole Sapporo.

338||31||23||5||17||2||378||38
338||31||23||5||17||2||378||38

Wiener Sport-Club

Wiener S.C. (Wiener Sport-Club also WSC) is a football club which plays in Austria.
The club was formed in 1883 and is one of the oldest football clubs in Austria. The colours are black and white. During its long history the club had departments for fencing, boxing, wrestling, cycling, handball, track and field, field hockey, tennis, football and water polo. The football team reached 3 times the Austrian Championship (1922, 1958, 1959). One of the greatest successes of the team was a 7:0 victory over Juventus Turin in the 1958 European Champions Cup (now UEFA Champions League).

After 2.319 league matches and two insolvencies in the 1990´s the club slipped to lower leagues. In 2002 the football section split off and formed the Wiener Sportklub, who is currently playing in the Regionalliga Ost (3rd Division). Their homeground is the Wiener Sportclub-Platz in Viennas part Dornbach. The ground was built in 1904 and is the oldest ground in Austria, where are still matches. The northern stand of the ground is called "Friedhofstribüne" (graveyard stand) because he is just opposite the Dornbach cemetery.

One of the club legends is Erich Hof, who played from 1954 till 1969 for the club. Later he was coach of the Austrian national football team and three times manager of the WSC.

Wiener AF

The Wiener Associations FC is a football club from Vienna, Austria.

The club was founded in 1910 when leading players left the Wiener AC. The greatest successes of the WAF were the Austrian championship in 1914 and the cup victory in 1922. 1924 they were relegated and a decline of the club began. For several decades the WAF has only been found in the lower classes. Today the club plays after a merger as "WAF Vorwärts Brigittenau". The club's headquarters and the homeground are located at the "Gruabn" at Meldemannstraße 13 in the 20th district of Vienna, Brigittenau.


Wiener AC

Wiener A.C. was a football club which played in Austria. It was founded in 1897. The football section of the club has a great past, but today the club only plays football outside the league system. Altogether the club played 38 seasons in Austrias first football league.
The football section of the club was founded on 14 October 1897. Till 1904 they won the Challenge Cup and the Wiener Tagblatt-Pokal three times each. This were the most important trophies in Austrian football at that time. 1910 most players of the first team left the club and founded WAF. The bigest success was the championship in 1915. 

In 1928, the club reached the Austrian Cup final, losing 2–1 to SK Admira Wien. 1930/31 they won the Austrian Cup and were qualified for the Mitropa Cup. There they reached the final but lost both matches against First Vienna FC. During the occupation of Austria by Nazi-Germany they played in the Gauliga Ostmark. 1959 they won the Austrian Cup again winning against SK Rapid Wien.

In the 1960s the club formed after the relegation from the top league a union with FK Austria Wien. The club was named FK Austria/WAC Wien but soon the FK Austria took it´s old name. Therefore the name WAC vanished from Austrian football. In 1983 they started the football section again but it no longer plays in competitions.

Today the club has successful hockey and basketball teams.



First Vienna FC

First Vienna F.C. 1894 is a football club that plays in Austria. The club, which was founded in 1894, is the oldest one in Austria and played an important part in Austria's football history. To an Austrian, the club is usually just called "Vienna".

The club started with English and Austrian gardeners of Nathaniel Anselm von Rothschild who were playing on his grounds. To avoid damages, Rothschild gave them a ground and yellow-blue skirts. The yellow and blue colour is still used today.The team played its first match on 15 November 1894 against the Vienna Cricket and Football club, and lost 4-0. The great years of Vienna were the 1920´s and 1930´s. From 1938 to 1945, when Austria was occupied by Nazi Germany, Vienna was part of the Gauliga Ostmark and won the German Cup in 1943. In the 1940´s and 1950´s, Vienna was mainly in the middle area of the table. In the 1980´s, the club played in the first league sometimes, and sometimes in the second. In 1992 they were sent down.

The 2013/14 season was a disaster for Vienna, finishing last. The club's license for the 2014/15 season in professional football was also denied. From the 2014/15 season, Vienna had to play in the Regionalliga Ost again.

2017 Vienna was declared bankrupt due to the insolvency of the main sponsor Care-Energy. Altough they won the Regionalliga Ost in the same year promotion was denied. Vienna was transferred to the fifth division by court order. In the 2018/19 season, Vienna played in the 2. Landesliga Wien, the fifth level of the Austrian league system. 2018-19 Vienna finished top with 78 points from 30 games and was promoted to the fourth division, the Wiener Stadtliga. In the league they were on the top position when the league was stopped due to COVID 19 outbreak. In the 2020-21 season they finished top and were promoted to Regionalliga East (3rd level). In the 2021-22 season they won the Regionalliga Ost and came back to professional football. They were promoted to Second league.

The home-ground of the Vienna is the Hohe Warte Stadium. Built in 1924, it is one of the oldest still in use. In the 1920´s and 1930´s it was where matches of the Austrian national team were played. 85,000 people visited the match against Italy in 1923. The ground is in Viennas Döbling district and is constructed on the side of a hill, which makes a natural amphitheatre.



FK Austria Wien

F.K. Austria Wien is a football club which plays in the Austrian Bundesliga, the highest level in Austrian football It is one of the oldest existing clubs in Austria. The club was founded in 1911 as "SV Wiener Amateure" and is celebrating it´s 100 birthday this year. Together with SK Rapid the club is the most successful in Austrias footballhistory. The Austria reached 23 titels, 21 in the Austrianwide championship and two before the Second World War, when the championship was only played in Vienna although the title was "Austrian Champion". 

 


The Amateur squad is playing in the 2. Liga. They are called since their promotion to 2. Liga Young Violets Austria Wien.

Celebrating the 90th birthaday of the club in 2001 there was an election for the team of the century.


Eiji Takada

Eiji Takada (born 21 October 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

Mert Nobre

Mert Nobre (born 6 November 1980) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Beşiktaş.

77||29
13||0
167||74
257||103

Watan Hamara Azad Kashmir

Watan hamara Kashmir is the official state anthem of Azad Kashmir. It was written in the mid-1960s by Abu-Al-Asar Hafeez Jullundhri.
Watan Hamara Azad Kashmir... Azad Kashmir

Baghon aur Baharon Wala

Daryano aur Kuhsaron Wala

Asman hay jis ka Parcham

Parcham Chand Sitaron Wala

Jannat key nazaron Wala

Jammu aur Kashmir Hamara

Watan Hamara Azad Kashmir... Azad Kashmir

Kohistano kee Abadi

Pahan chuki Taj-i-Azadi

Izzat kee parwanay Jagay

Azadi kee Shama' Jaladi

Jag Uthi hay Saree Wadee

Zaamin hay Allah Hamara

Watan Hamara Azad Kashmir... Azad Kashmir

Pakistan key Sath Kharay Hain

Izzat, hurmat, Hukm-e-Quran

Jan bhee qurban. Mal bhee qurban

Mal sey Piyara... Jan sey Piyara

Azad Kashmir... Azad Kashmir

Watan Hamara Azad Kashmir... Azad Kashmir

Voice recorder

A voice recorder or a dictation machine is a device to record speech or other sounds, and then play it back. Starting in the early 20th century they were much used in business. Usually a typist played the recording and transcribed it. In the late 20th century dictation machines used microcassettes. Today, smartphones can do their job.

Eurytides marcellus

The Zebra Swallowtail ("Eurytides marcellus") is a North American butterfly. It is in the family Papilionidae. Some authors place the species under the genera "Iphiclides", "Graphium", and "Papilio". Its obvious black and white-striped pattern is like the pattern of a zebra. The Zebra Swallowtail is the official state butterfly of Tennessee.

The Zebra Swallowtail has triangle-shaped wings. It has long tails on the hind wings (the bottom wings). It has some black and white markings on its wings. There are some small red and blue markings on the hind wings. There are two seasonal forms. Spring forms are more white. They have small black tails with white tips. Summer forms are more black. They have longer tails with more white in them. The wingspan is 2 2/5 to 3 1/2 inches.

This species is found in the eastern and southeastern regions of North America.

This butterfly can be found in a variety of habitats near pawpaw trees. Such habitats include open woodlands, grassy fields, savannas, and southern pine woods.

The Zebra Swallowtail can be seen from late March to August in the northern part of its range. In the southern part of its range, it can be seen from February to December.

Females lay their eggs singly on pawpaw leaves. They are sometimes laid on the tree trunks. The egg is pale green. After three days it turns an orange-brown color. It turns dark gray just before hatching. The caterpillars are cannibalistic (this means that two individuals of the same species will eat each other). Young caterpillars are black. Older caterpillars have two different color forms. The more common form is green. It has yellow and white stripes. There is a tricolor (meaning it has three colors) band that is bluish-white, black, and yellow. The more rare form is black with white and orange stripes. The caterpillar has a bad smelling, forked gland called an osmeterium. It is found just behind the head. It will use the osmeterium to scare predators. The osmeterium can pull back inside the head when the caterpillar is not using it. The chrysalis is either green or brown. The chrysalis hibernates. It has 1-2 broods per year in the northern part of its range. It has 3-4 broods per year in the southern part of its range.

Here is a list of host plants that the Zebra Swallowtail caterpillar feeds on:



Iphiclides

Iphiclides is a genus of butterflies in the family Papilionidae.



Kagyu

The Kagyu (or Kagyupa) school is one of the four main schools or lineages of Tibetan Buddhism. 

The Kagyu teachings originated with the Indian mahasiddhas Tilopa and his student Naropa. The Kagyu school was founded in Tibet by Naropas follower Marpa Lowatsawa. Gampopa was the first monk of the Kagyu school. Gampopa's own followers founded many monasteries which resulted in several sub-schools or branches being established. At one time there were more than twelve different branches. Today there are four separate Kagyu sub-schools:


The teachings of each of these schools have come down through different successions of masters since the time of Gampopa. However the teachings of all these Kagyu schools is essentially the same.

The Kagyu school generally emphasises faith in the spiritual teacher or Lama and meditation practice over study. They teach that without this faith it is impossible to achieve the benefits and realization of meditation. However some basic study is also important. One of the most important books of this tradition is "The Jewel Ornament of Liberation" which was written by Gampopa. This book covers all the main teachings of Mahayana Buddhism in a step-by-step manner. In particular it teaches 

The biographies and spiritual poems or songs of Kagyu saints, in particular the "Life of Milarepa" and the "100,000 Songs of Milarepa", are also widely read books of this tradition.

The special advanced meditation practices of the Kagyu tradition consist of two main teachings:

The six yogas of Naropa involve complicated visualisation combined with yoga and breathing exercises. These practices are generally only done by monks and nuns who remain in strict seclusion for at least three years. They are called the "six yogas" or "six doctrines" of Naropa as they were originally taught by Naropa and consist of six main practices. 

The Mahamudra meditation teachings are meditations of concentration and awareness which allow the practitioner to realise the nature of his or her mind. A student must receive instructions on Mahamudra meditation directly by a master of this tradition.

Brawn GP

Brawn GP Formula One Team, was a Formula One motor racing team. Brawn GP started on the 6th of March 2009 when Ross Brawn, the old team leader for Honda, Ferrari and Benetton, bought the team after Nick Fry, the commercial manager, convinced him into it for £1. On 17 March 2009 the FIA agreed to change the name from Honda Racing F1 Team to Brawn GP. Even though the team is only the Honda team with a new name, the FIA considered Brawn GP to be a new team, but agreed to let the join F1 for free instead of the usual price.

The new team first raced at the 2009 Australian Grand Prix on 28 March 2009, where they took 1 and 2 place in qualifying. The team went on to win the top two positions in their debut Grand Prix race on 29 March 2009, with Jenson Button winning the race and Rubens Barrichello coming in second. 

The team used Mercedes-Benz engines and its cars were driven by the old Honda team of Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello, which has lasted for 3 years. In the early part of the season, several other sponsors were signed, including Virgin, M I G Investments, Henri Lloyd and PerkinElmer.

On 18 October 2009, at the Brazilian Grand Prix, Button won the 2009 Drivers' Title on his first season for Brawn GP. He and teammate Barrichello secured Brawn GP enough points to win Brawn the Constructors Championship in its 1 and only season. As a result, Brawn GP can be considered the only F1 Team to have a 100% record winning every Championship it competed in.

The following month, Mercedes, after talks from months before, bought major stakes in Brawn GP, renaming themselves Mercedes AMG Petronas, making them the owners but allowed Ross Brawn and Nick Fry to continue working in their positions till the pair left in 2013, Nick before the season began and Brawn on December 31.

Cadillac Escalade

The Cadillac Escalade is a large luxury SUV. It is manufactured by General Motors and was released in 1999 to compete with German and Japanese competitors and to Ford's 1998 release of the Lincoln Navigator. The Escalade and Escalade EXT pickup are the two of only three Cadillac vehicles that are made outside of the United States.

The Escalade IQ is the fully electric version, and went in production in 2024 for the 2025 model year.

Cordillera Septentrional

Cordillera Septentrional is a mountain range along the northern part of the Dominican Republic; in English, its name means simply "Northern mountain range". Sometimes it is called Sierra de Montecristi, mainly in old books.

It has a total length of about 200 km, from the coast of the Monte Cristi province to near the Samaná Bay, several kilometres to the east of San Francisco de Macorís. Its maximum width is about 40 km.

It goes along the northern coast of the Hispaniola island, from northwest to southeast. Only small valleys are between the Atlantic coast and the mountain range. It has an average of 600 metres in elevation.

In the west, the range ends in a small mountain in a headland; that mountain is "El Morro" and is near the city of Monte Cristi. Christopher Columbus saw on 4 January 1493 that mountain and gave it the name of "Monte Cristo" or "Monte Christi" (in English, Mountain of Christ).

The highest mountains in this range are to the north of the Valverde and Santiago provinces, in the central part of the range. These mountains are:

Other important mountains are "El Mogote" (970 m), north of Moca, and "Quita Espuela" (985 m), northeast of San Francisco de Macorís. Quita Espuela is the highest mountain in the eastern part, where the range was called "Sierra de Macorís".

The "Isabel de Torres" mountain (799 m) is part of the Cordillera Central even if it is not completely on the range; it is 5 km to the southeast of the city Puerto Plata.

Those rivers with their sources in the Cordillera Septentrional are short. On the southern side or the range, the longest river is Licey, a tributary of the River Camú.

On the northern side, rivers are longer than those of the southern side and they flow into the Atlantic Ocean. Some of them are Bajabonico, Camú del Norte, Yásica, Boba.

In the western part of Cordillera Septentrional, there are only small hills and the region is very dry; because of that, only plants of dry regions like cacti grow here.

In the central and eastern sections of the range, it rains more and there are rainforests in some places, mainly in the eastern part.

In the natural vegetation of the Cordillera Septentrional, pines do not grow even if they grow in the other main mountain ranges of the island.

There are only a few small towns in the Cordillera Septentrional; three of them are Altamira, Imbert and Jamao al Norte.

The western part of the range is too dry to allow any economic activity but in the central and eastern parts, farming is important. The main crops are coffee and cacao. Cattle raising is also very important where the mountains are not too high.

Amber is found in the Cordillera Central, on the mountains north of Tamboril. This amber is used to make jewels.

Bjørn Skaare

Bjørn Skaare (29 October 1958 – 21 June 1989) was a professional ice hockey player who played one game for the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL. He was the first Norwegian player to play in a NHL game. He made his hockey debut in the Norwegian hockey club "Furuset IF" when he was 15. He died on June 21, 1989 when he was involved in a car crash in his hometown of Oslo.

Yokozuna

Yokozuna may refer to:


Egg Harbor (town), Wisconsin

Egg Harbor is a town in Door County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The unincorporated area of Carlsville is also within the town.

The United States Census Bureau says that Egg Harbor has a total area of 102.9 square miles, 64.47% of which is water.


Carlsville, Wisconsin

Carlsville is an unincorporated community of Door County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. It is found inside of the town of Egg Harbor. It is between Sturgeon Bay and the village of Egg Harbor. 

WWE Superstars

WWE Superstars was a professional wrestling television program by WWE. It featured wrestlers from all WWE brands - Raw, SmackDown and, at one time, ECW - competing against each other. The show aired between April 16, 2009 and November 25, 2016 and was replaced on the WWE Network by 205 Live.

Verbenaceae

Verbenaceae is a family of variously woody or herbaceous dicotyledons in the order Lamiales. They have opposite or whorled leaves and regular or irregular flowers, usually with four or two functional stamens. 

Reinaldo (footballer, born 1979)

Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira (born 14 March 1979) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings.

89||30||||||||||89||30
65||10||||||||||65||10
49||9||1||1||3||1||53||11
203||49||1||1||3||1||207||51

Archie Thompson

Archie Thompson (born 23 October 1978) is an Australian football player. He plays for Melbourne Victory and Australia national team.

182||76
90||27
2||0
274||103

!Total||32||21

Axel Rodrigues de Arruda

Axel Rodrigues de Arruda (born 9 January 1970) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

FK Partizan

F.K. Partizan is a football club which plays in Serbia. 

Red Star Belgrade

F.K. Red Star Belgrade is a football club which plays in Serbia.

F.K. Željezničar Sarajevo

F.K. Željezničar Sarajevo is a football club which plays in Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Players with Dual Nationality

Fabinho (footballer, born 1980)

Fábio Alves Félix (born 10 January 1980) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Cruzeiro.

134||13
23||7
39||5
196||25

Patrick Zwaanswijk

Patrick Zwaanswijk (born 17 January 1975) is a former Dutch football player.

FC Utrecht
Central Coast Mariners

Gil (footballer, born 1980)

Gilberto Ribeiro Gonçalves (born 13 September 1980) is a former Brazilian football player. He plays for Flamengo.



FK Sarajevo

FK Sarajevo is a football club which plays in Bosnia and Herzegovina.


FC Admira Wacker Mödling

F.C. Flyeralarm Admira is a football club which plays in Austria.

Admira Wacker Mödling formed from a merger of two football clubs: Admira Wacker Wien and VfB Mödling in 1997.
Admira Wacker Wien formed from a merger of two football clubs: Admira Wien and Wacker Wien in 1971.

First row: Michael Horvath, Markus Lackner, Mihret Topčagić, Patrick Tischler, Hans-Peter Berger, Thomas Weindl, Benjamin Sulimani, Günter Friesenbichler, Christoph Cemernjak;
Second row: Alexander Friedl, Hans Werner Weiss, Georg Wilflinger, Georg Heu (goalkeeper coach), Ivan Laudanovic, Bernhard Morgenthaler, Christopher Dibon (Captain of the team), Markus Hanikel, Daniel Drescher, Manuel Hervas, Paul Bichelhuber, Gernot Plassnegger, Rene Riesner, Viorel Bondor, Armin Schiller (manager), Richard Trenkwalder (chairman);
Third row: Dietmar Kühbauer (headcoach), Rene Schicker, Max Sax, Daniel Toth, Richard Windbichler, Ken Noel, Bernhard Schachner, Stephan Palla, Patrik Ježek, Manfred Nastl (assistance coach).

Red Bull Racing

Red Bull Racing is a Formula One racing team owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull. Red Bull also own another F1 team: Scuderia AlphaTauri. The Red Bull team is based in Milton Keynes in the UK but holds an Austrian licence. The team is managed by Christian Horner who is also the boss of the Arden International, which participates to the GP2 Series and to the Formula Renault 3.5 Series.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress.

Mihailo Petrović

Mihailo Petrović (born 18 October 1957) is a former Serbian football player. He has played for Yugoslavia national team.

188||7
233||6
421||13

!Total||1||0

Yohei Suzuki

Yohei Suzuki (born 14 October 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0

Teófilo Cubillas

Teófilo Juan Cubillas Arizaga (; born 8 March 1949) is a Peruvian former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He was selected as Peru's greatest ever player in an IFFHS poll, in which he was also included in the world's Top 50. He was renowned for his technique, shooting ability and free kick ability. He was considered one of the best players in the world of the 1970s and the best in his position of the decade only behind the Dutch Johan Cruyff. Among his main achievements are the FIFA awards for the best young player and the bronze boot in the 1970 FIFA World Cup, as well as the silver boot and member of the ideal team of the 1978 FIFA World Cup, he was also champion and best player of the 1975 Copa América. He is regarded one of the best attacking midfielders in the history of football.

Nicknamed El Nene "(The Kid)", he was part of the Peru national football team that won the 1975 Copa América. He helped Peru reach the quarter finals at the 1970 FIFA World Cup and again at the 1978 World Cup and was elected the South American Footballer of the Year in 1972.

In 2004, Pelé selected Cubillas as one of the FIFA 100, a list of 125 footballing greats. In February 2008, to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the first Brazilian World Cup victory, he was selected in the "All-Star First Team" of South America of the past 50 years. Cubillas is one of only three players to score five or more goals in two different World Cups, the other two being Miroslav Klose and Thomas Müller.

Porto

Alianza Lima

Fort Lauderdale Sun

Peru

Individual

Dwarfism

Dwarfism is used to describe a person of short stature, less than 4 feet, 10 inches (147 cm). This is often, though not always, because of a medical condition. People with this condition are called dwarves or little people. A similar term for short people is midget; however, dwarves and midgets are not the same. Midgets are perfectly proportioned humans, while dwarves have a large head and misshapen limbs and torsos.

Dwarfism is usually caused by the person inheriting an allele (a mutant gene), which produces a defect in development. Defects caused by genetics are the main kind of congenital defects, and usually cannot be cured. 

The most common cause of dwarfism is a defect in bone development called achondroplasia, in which the limbs are short in proportion to the body. This accounts for 70% of cases. 

Extreme shortness, but with body parts of normal proportions, may be caused by growth hormone deficiency, once known as pituitary dwarfism. 

There are more than 200 other conditions which may cause dwarfism.
In the 19th century in the United States, people with dwarfism were a major attraction of many circus sideshows. The most famous little people in the history of the American circus are General Tom Thumb and Michu.


Play (album)

Play is an album by Moby. "Extreme Ways" is one of his most popular songs on the album. It was released on May 17, 1992 for V2 Records. It is an hour 3 minutes and 14 seconds long. 


Kitchen Debate

The Kitchen Debate were interpreter talks between U.S. Vice President Richard Nixon and President Nikita Khrushchev at the "American National Exhibit" on July 24, 1959 in the Soviet capital, Moscow The talks were called the "kitchen debate" because the USA had built a model home (and kitchen) in Moscow. Nixon and Kushchev debated each others technology as both countries were still committed to the Cold War with each other. The Soviet Union had the better rockets as they had just launched the first satellite called Sputnik. However America had colour television and washing machines, although Krushchev said the Soviet Union had washing machines too.

Poanes zabulon

The Zabulon Skipper (Poanes zabulon) is a North American butterfly. It is sometimes called the Southern Dimorphic Skipper.

This small butterfly triangle-shaped wings. The upper side of the male's wings is mostly orange. The edges of the wings are dark brown. The underside of the male's wings is mainly yellow-orange. The edges of the wings are dark brown. On the hind wing (the bottom wing) there is a brown basal (basal means near where the wings connect to the body) patch with a yellow spot in it. The upper side of the female's wings is dark brown. There are large, glassy spots near the edge of the fore wing (the top wing). The underside of the female's wings is a brownish-purplish color. The hind wing has a white streak on the top edge. The wingspan is 1⅜ to 1⅝ inches.

The only similar species in the Zabulon Skipper's range is the Hobomok Skipper ("Poanes hobomok").

The Hobomok Skipper has a more northern range. It has a different flight period. They also have more rounded wings. The upper side of the male Hobomok Skipper's wings has thicker dark brown edges. The underside of the male's hind wing does not have the yellow spot in the brown basal patch. While the female Zabulon Skipper has one form, the female Hobomok Skipper has two forms. There is the normal form and the "pocahontas" form. The upper side of the "pocahontas" form has smaller glassy spots.

It ranges from Wisconsin east to the East Coast, south to Georgia, Texas, and Panama.

The Zabulon Skipper can be found in a variety of habitats such as woodland edges, woodland openings, near roads, and near streams. It can adapt to other habitats including suburban areas, parks, and gardens.

This butterfly can be seen from March to April and again in August to October in the southern part of its range. In the northern part of its range, it is seen from May to July and again in August to September.

Courtship takes place in the afternoon. However, it will sometimes happen as early as 8:20 A.M. Females lay their eggs singly on the underside of host plant leaves. The caterpillar is either brown or green. It sometimes has a pinkish hue. It is often impossible to tell the difference between closely related caterpillars. The chrysalis is often formed inside a leaf shelter. It is brown. The abdomen is a lighter brown with small black dots. The hibernating stage is unknown. The Zabulon Skipper has 2 broods per year.

Here is a list of host plants that the Zabulon Skipper caterpillar feed on:



Elmer Keiser Bolton

Elemer Kaiser Bolton (June 23, 1886 – July 30, 1968), was a chemist and biologist who invented Neoprene. He died of pneumonia in 1968.

Queen Mab

Queen Mab is a fairy referred to in Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet. In the play she is described by Mercutio as a tiny creature who drives a chariot across the faces of people while they are asleep, causing them to dream of their wishes coming true. She has also appeared in other books afterwards, including Moby Dick and Sense and Sensibility.

"O, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you.

She is the fairies’ midwife, and she comes

In shape no bigger than an agate-stone

On the fore-finger of an alderman,

Drawn with a team of little atomies

Athwart men’s noses as they lie asleep;

Her wagon-spokes made of long spinners’ legs,

The cover of the wings of grasshoppers,

The traces of the smallest spider’s web,

The collars of the moonshine’s watery beams,

Her whip of cricket’s bone; the lash of film;

Her waggoner a small grey-coated gnat,

Not half so big as a round little worm

Prick’d from the lazy finger of a maid:

Her chariot is an empty hazel-nut

Made by the joiner squirrel or an old grub,

Time out o’ mind the fairies’ coachmakers.

And in this state she gallops night by night

Through lovers’ brains, and then they dream of love;

O’er courtiers’ knees, that dream on court’sies straight,

O’er lawyers’ fingers, who straight dream on fees,

O’er ladies ‘ lips, who straight on kisses dream,

Which oft the angry Mab with blisters plagues,

Because their breaths with sweetmeats tainted are:

Sometime she gallops o’er a courtier’s nose,

And then dreams he of smelling out a suit;

And sometime comes she with a tithe-pig’s tail

Tickling a parson’s nose as a’ lies asleep,

Then dreams, he of another benefice:

Sometime she driveth o’er a soldier’s neck,

And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats,

Of breaches, ambuscadoes, Spanish blades,

Of healths five-fathom deep; and then anon

Drums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes,

And being thus frighted swears a prayer or two

And sleeps again. This is that very Mab

That plaits the manes of horses in the night,

And bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish hairs,

Which once untangled, much misfortune bodes:

This is the hag, when maids lie on their backs,

That presses them and learns them first to bear,

Making them women of good carriage:

This is she—"

Act I, scene IV

Moby-Dick

Moby-Dick is a novel written by Herman Melville. It was first published in 1851. The story is told by a seaman named Ishmael. He sails on a whaling ship called the "Pequod". Ahab is the captain of the ship. He wants to kill a white whale called Moby Dick. The whale bit his leg off. The book received mixed reviews. It did not sell very well during its author's lifetime. "Moby-Dick" is now thought to be one of the greatest novels ever written.

Melville took 18 months to finish his book. He based it off of things he had seen while sailing, and also books on whaling he had read. It contains a lot of information on whale hunting, whale oil, and life aboard a whaling ship. It also explores social status, ideas about God, and revenge.

The book was first published in London in October 1851. It was published in three volumes and was called "The Whale." It was published In New York a month later in November and, was in one complete volume. It was called its current title, "Moby-Dick, or, The Whale."

Ishmael travels from Manhattan to New Bedford, Massachusetts because he wants to sail on a whaling ship. He finds out that he cannot leave because there are no ferries from New Bedford to the island of Nantucket late at night. Ishmael stays at an inn. The inn has lots of people, so he has to share a bed with a cannibal named Queequeg. They become friends. The next day, Ishmael and Queequeg attend a religious sermon about Jonah. After, they head for Nantucket. Ishmael chooses the whale ship "Pequod" to sail on. The "Pequod"'s captain is named Ahab. Ahab is described as moody and odd. A man named Elijah tells Ishmael and Queequeg that bad things will happen on the ship. The "Pequod" leaves the harbor on Christmas.

Ishmael talks a lot about cetology throughout the novel. Some chapters talk only about whales and whaling, and not about characters.

At the end of the novel, the "Pequod" sees Moby Dick. They chase him for three days. Ahab is killed when the rope of his harpoon ties around him and pulls him out of his boat. The rest of the men are killed when Moby Dick destroys their ship. Ishmael is the only one who survives. This is because a coffin lifebuoy comes to the surface of the ocean beside him. The coffin was made for Queequeg when he was sick, but he got better. Ishmael stays on the coffin until the boat the "Rachel" rescues him.

Ishmael is the narrator of the novel. He is the only one to survive when the "Pequod" sinks. He likes whales and knows a lot of information about them and whaling. He likes to go on long tangents about this information. He does not do a lot to affect the story.

Ahab is a captain who has only one leg because Moby Dick bit off one of them a long time ago. Ahab has sworn revenge on the whale. He is from Nantucket and has a wife and son. He is 58.

Starbuck is the first mate of the ship. He is from Nantucket, and also has a wife and son. His father and brother died at sea. He is wise, religious, and calm. He is around 30.

Stubb is the second mate. He is from Cape Cod. He is happy and carefree. He is usually seen smoking a pipe. He is the one to abandon Pip when he falls into the sea.

Flask is the third mate. He is from Martha's Vineyard. He is short and does not like whales. He kills them for fun.

Pip is the Black cabin boy. He is from Alabama. It is implied he escaped from slavery. During a whale hunt, he gets scared and falls into the ocean. The crew cut the line and pull him back in. Stubb tells him that if he falls back in, he won't pull him back in again. This is because losing a whale means losing money. Pip falls again, and he is left in the ocean for a few hours. This causes him to become crazy and ramble a lot. Ahab is seen showing some kindness to Pip.

Queequeg is a cannibal from a made-up island called Rokovoko. He has lots of tattoos. He is Polynesian. He is one of the harpooners. He and Ishmael are close friends.

Tashtego is a Native American from Martha's Vineyard. He is another harpooner.

Daggoo is from Africa. He is another harpooner.

Fedallah is a Parsee. He is Ahab's harpooner. He appears on the ship without the other men (except for Ahab) knowing about it. He predicts Ahab's death, but says that he will die before Ahab.

Heroes of Newerth

Heroes of Newerth is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) game based on Defense of the Ancients. The game is created by S2 games. It is available on multiple operating systems such as Windows, Linux, and Mac OS. It is currently in free to play with over 120,000 registered users. The pre-order sales began on August 22, 2009.

The game consists of two teams that battle against each other. The teams, the Hellbourne and the Legion, offer players a wide variety of unique heroes that the player controls in the game. The heroes of each team are categorized as: Intelligence, Strength, and Agility. 

Many of the heroes and items in the initial version of the game were taken directly from Defense of the Ancients. However, there are a now lots of heroes and items that are designed and created by S2 Games. 

Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire

Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire (15 April 1772 – 19 June 1844) was a French naturalist who established the principle of "unity of composition". He was a colleague of Jean-Baptiste Lamarck and believed in the underlying unity of organismal design, and the possibility of the change of species in time. He collected evidence for his claims in comparative anatomy, paleontology, and embryology.

Geoffroy was a deist, which is to say that he believed in a God, but also in a law-like universe, with no supernatural interference in the details of existence. This kind of opinion was common in the Enlightenment, and goes with a rejection of revelation and miracles, and does not interpret the Bible as the literal word of God. 

