Geoffroy's theory was not a theory of common descent, but a working-out of existing potential in a given type. For him, the environment causes a direct induction of organic change. This opinion Ernst Mayr labels as 'Geoffroyism'. It is definitely not what Lamarck believed (for Lamarck, a change in "habits" is what changes the animal). The "direct" effect of environment is not believed today by any main-stream evolutionist; even Sir William Lawrence knew by 1816 that climate does not directly cause the differences between human races.

Gateway Arch

The Gateway Arch is a metal structure in St. Louis, Missouri that stands . An elevator allows people to go to the top of it. Each year, about 4 million people visit the Gateway Arch. It cost about $13 million to make the arch and over $3 million to make the transportation system.

Morgue

A morgue is a place where dead human bodies are kept for a short time soon after the person died. Sometimes, the body is examined by autopsy. Most often, the body is delivered to a mortuary and buried in a grave or cremated. Morgues are found in hospitals, usually on the lowest floor or basement.

Donor

A donor in general is a person who makes a donation. "Donor" could refer to:


Marty Robbins

Marty Robbins (real name Martin David Robinson; September 26, 1925 – December 8, 1982) was an American country singer and songwriter. 

He was one of the most famous country singers during his 40 year career. Robbins had many country music hit singles and some of his songs were pop music hits on the radio. During the peak of his music career Robbins won several Grammy Awards.

In 1982 he was elected into the Country Music Hall of Fame.

In addition to his music, Marty Robbins was a race car driver. He drove in many NASCAR races. He was a driver in the 1973 Daytona 500.

Marty Robbins died of heart failure in December 1982.


Literacy test

A literacy test is a test of literacy. People have been tested for the power to read and write for a long time. In much of the 20th century, literacy tests were used to keep African Americans from voting. Voters had to have some kind of knowledge of the United States and the test taker would ask how many states there were and how many senators were in each state. Then the African American would have to sit and take the literacy test while the white man only had to pay $1.50. This was another way the Jim Crow laws segregated or separated whites from blacks. 

MJJ

MJJ may refer to:

Williamstown, Victoria

Williamstown is a suburb in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, only 8 km south-west of the central business district. In 2006 there were 12,733 people living in Williamstown. It is located on Hobson's Bay, part of Port Phillip Bay, at the mouth of the Yarra River.

Williamstown is about 15 minutes by car from Melbourne using the West Gate Freeway or a 30-minute train journey from Flinders Street Station. Ferries on the Yarra River from Melbourne's Southbank take about 1 hour. There is also a ferry across the bay from St.Kilda on weekends and holidays.

The first people to live in the Williamstown area were the Yaluki-willam clan of the Kulin people, an Indigenous Australian people. They lived and hunted along the coast from Werribee to Williamstown. The Yalukit-willam were part of the Bunurong, a language group of six clans along the coast from the Werribee River, to the Mornington Peninsula, Western Port Bay and Wilsons Promontory. They ate shell fish, birds, fish, eels, eggs, snakes, kangaroos and possums which were found across their lands. They called Williamstown, "koort-boork-boork", ("She-oak, She-oak, many") meaning "many she-oaks", a native tree. The head of the Yalikut-willam tribe at the time of the arrival of the first white settlers was Benbow. He became a guide to John Batman, the first European to settle in Melbourne.

The numbers of indigenous people went down quickly after 1835 because of diseases like typhoid. With racism and loss of hunting lands, it was impossible for them to keep up their traditional life style.

The first European to arrive at Williamstown was Acting-Lieutenant Robbins, who explored Point Gellibrand in 1803. The mouth of the Yarra River was later explored in May and June 1835 by John Batman. He thought that the area now called Melbourne would be a good settlement site. The site of Williamstown he named Port Harwood, after the captain of one of his ships.

In November 1835, Captain Robson Coltish, of the barque "Norval" sailed from Launceston, with a cargo of 500 sheep and 50 Hereford cattle. Captain Coltish chose the area now known as Port Gellibrand, as a goood place to unload his cargo. Within weeks, many ships began making their way across Bass Strait. Because of the sheltered harbour, many people decided to settle in the immediate area.

Governor Richard Bourke and Captain William Lonsdale visited the new settlement at Port Phillip Bay in 1837. They both thought the main settlement would be at the river mouth. They renamed it William's Town after the king, William IV. It was Melbourne's first harbour and port for the Port Phillip district until the late 19th century.

William’s Town was named after the king and Melbourne was named after the British prime minister Lord Melbourne. This made people believe that William's Town was to be the capital of the new Colony. The first streets of old William’s town were laid out in 1837 with that in mind. But a lack of fresh water at William’s Town meant that it became necessary to change the city centre to the inland site of Melbourne.

The first land sales took place in 1837. Convicts built a 30 metre stone jetty in 1838. This is where Gem Pier now stands. That same year a ferry service between Melbourne and Williamstown was started. The steamer 'Fire Fly' carried passengers, sheep and cattle from Tasmania. By 1839, Williamstown had a pier and government stores built by convicts. The main part of the town was centred on Nelson Place. About 100 buildings were built, including two hotels, the Ship Inn and the Woolpack. The first cemetery in Victoria was started at Point Gellibrand.

The first lighthouse, made of wood with an oil-burning light at the top, was built at Point Gellibrand in 1840. In that same year a water police superintendent was appointed to Williamstown (and Williamstown is the present-day home of the Victorian Water Police).

In 1841 the census said there were about 259 people living in Williamstown. It is believed that there were many more. There were three hotels in Williamstown by 1841 and most of the men worked at the port. Being a busy port, there were numerous lodging houses and a constantly changing population. The years 1842 and 1843 there was an economic recession and Williamstown's population went down.
In 1842 the arrival of the ship "Manilus" threw the small colony into a frenzy. Forty-five of the ship's 243 passengers had died from yellow fever during the journey from Scotland's shores. The sick were taken to a quickly built quarantine camp. Those that died were buried in a makeshift graveyard.

Also in 1842, St Mary's School (the oldest continuously operating Catholic school in Victoria) was started in a small timber chapel with a wood shingle roof. Mr. John Wilson was the first teacher/principal. The earliest records show there were six boys and eight girls in July 1844.

In 1847 Steamboat Pier was built and a permanent customs house was set up. The water police and customs officers remained here until the Melbourne Harbour Trust developed river channels closer to the Melbourne CBD in the 1890s.

A bluestone lighthouse was built in 1849-50 to replace the wooden one. It only operated as a lighthouse until 1860, when a Pile Light was built and anchored off Shelly Beach. It was then used as a time ball tower.

Cowboy Jimmy Moore

Cowboy Jimmy Moore (September 14, 1910 – November 17, 1999), born James William Moore, was a world famous American pocket billiards (pool) player. He was originally from Troup County, Georgia, and lived for much of his life in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He is best known for his skill in the game of straight pool (14.1 continuous).

Moore was an excellent athlete at other sports. He has set many records in billiards. He won the Michigan State Billiard Championship four times. He came in second at the World Championship five times while playing the best in the world such as Willie Mosconi, Irving Crane and Luther Lassiter. He won the United States National Pocket Billiards Championship in 1958, the National Invitation Pocket Billiards Championship in 1965, and the Legends of Pocket Billiards competition in 1984.

Moore was known for playing in straight pool . He was a feared road player (a player who hustled while traveling across the United States). He was also known for his unusual pool style, which included wearing cowboy clothing, and an unusual way of using his pool cue when he was hitting ball—a technique known as a "slip stroke". Moore also worked as a technical adviser for scenes in television and film that showed pool. He did so for the movie "My Living Doll", and the Jerry Lewis movie "The Family Jewels". He was honored by election to the Billiard Congress of America's Hall of Fame, the International Pocket Billiards Hall of Fame, and the Albuquerque Sports Hall of Fame.

James William Moore was born on September 14, 1910 on a farm in Troup County, Georgia, just outside the City of Hogansville. He was the son of a Georgia blacksmith, sheriff and streetcar conductor. He began working at a young age to supplement his family's income. He worked at many jobs including as a cotton picker earning 35 cents per 100 pound, managing a fruit stand, and delivering newspapers. His family moved to Detroit when he was 13. There, he found other ways of making money. Moore ran card games and pursued other games of chance. He even pitched pennies. He was very good at gambling games and was a naturally gifted athlete. He was a Triple-A level baseball player in the minor leagues. He once bowled a perfect game, and was a good golfer.
In 1928 at 18 years of age, Moore took a job as a pinsetter at Car Barns, a local bowling alley, earning six cents a line. Moore learned fast. For a time he achieved a 233 bowling average. Moore first picked up a cue stick at Car Barns, playing on the single 4 x 8 foot pool table the bowling alley had. According to Moore, he immediately fell in love with the game. Specifically, the game he loved was straight pool (14.1 continuous). This was the main game he competed at during his career. He did, however, play other billiard games. In fact, in later years Moore become U.S. national snooker champion, and came in second at the 1961 First Annual World's One-Pocket Billiards Tournament in Johnston City, Illinois.

Straight pool was the game of championship pocket billiards competition until approximately the 1980s. Then, it was overtaken by "faster" games such as nine-ball. In the game, a shooter may attempt to pocket any ball on the table (but the cue ball). The object is to reach a set number of points which is agreed before the game. Professional competition is often played to 150 points. One point is scored for each ball sunk in a pocket that must be called by the player. According to Moore, his high run in the game was 236 ball in a row.

Six months after he first started playing, Moore entered and won the 1929 Michigan State billiard championship. He successfully defended that title in the following three years. During the middle of the Great Depression, however, playing pool for trophies was not a luxury Moore could afford. Instead, he took his game on the road to attempt to make a living gambling.

Moore first partnered with a hustler and exhibition player names Ray St. Laurent. Laurent was a colorful character who sometimes played exhibitions wearing a red cape and mask. He was called "The Red Devil" for exhibition events. Laurent helped Moore, but they were not equals on the pool table. One winter evening in Canton, Ohio, St. Laurent was losing badly in a gambling session to Ohioan gambling legend, Don Willis. Willis was known as the "Cincinnati Kid". He was considered by many of his peers of the time "the deadliest player alive". The wager was 25 cents a ball. This was not a small sum at the time. Moore was providing money for the match. Moore became disgusted by how unevenly matched Laurent was with Willis. Moore told St. Laurent that he could not win and asked him to step aside and let him play. Willis later recalled:
Moore and Willis became traveling partners after that match. They often traveled on the road with future six-time world champion Luther "Wimpy" Lassiter. Because of his skill and well known road partners, Moore's name began to be known in the billiard world. In 1940, the World Pocket Billiards (straight pool) titleholder of that year, Andrew Ponzi, sought out Moore looking for a challenge. At the match arranged, Moore first beat Ponzi out of $80 playing nine-ball. He then beat him at his own game, straight pool. Moore scored 125 points to Ponzi's 82.

After Moore's match with Ponzi, he was hired by Ponzi's employer, Sylvester Livingston. Livingston was a man who hosted exhibitions with a lot of top pool talent, including Irving Crane. Crane, like Lassiter, would become a six-time world champion. During 1941, Moore performed 250 exhibitions across the U.S. He earned $5 for matinees, and $7 for evening performances. He lost only one match over the year. During that same time he had straight pool runs of 100 or more points in 24 out of the 250 exhibitions.

By that time Moore was recognizable for his cowboy characteristics. He customarily wore cowboy boots, a white Stetson hat and a string tie. He kept his hair in a crew-cut, and was rarely seen without a cigar. He was also known for his unusual form of stroke. Moore employed a slip stroke. This is a way of shooting in which a player releases his gripping hand briefly and re-grasps the cue farther back on the butt just before hitting the cue ball. Using the slip stroke, Moore was deadly accurate, but could also shoot with great power.

In 1945, Moore's purchased a home in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He would live there for the rest of his life with his wife, Julie Chavez, whom he married in 1949. They had seven children together: sons Jamie, Raymond and Tommy, and daughters Pamela Nathan, Kolma Moore, Emily DiLorenzo and Linda Bates. Soon after moving to Albuquerque, he became co-owner and operator of the U Cue Billiards Hall in the City. It was said that hustlers avoided going through Albuquerque just to avoid getting into a money game with Moore.

Though Moore continued playing on the road—as he would for over 40 years—he began competing and placing in top-tier tournaments. His tournament career was to be overshadowed by an enduring series of runner-up finishes that would earn him the nickname "pool's underpaid prince" in such publications as Esquire Magazine. The name that stuck with him for life, however, was Cowboy. According to Moore, he became 'Cowboy' Jimmy Moore when he appeared at the Commodore Hotel championships in New York City in the 1950s wearing the required tuxedo, but nevertheless sporting cowboy boots and his signature white Stetson hat.

The second-place-saga started in 1951 at the two week long, double-elimination, round robin format, World Championship tournament, held that year in Boston. At the competition, Moore was defeated in his last match by Willie Mosconi. His record was seven wins in nine matches, including triumphs over future Billiard Congress of America (BCA) Hall-of-Famers, Irving Crane and Arthur "Babe" Cranfield.

In 1952 he made a strong showing in the same competition, held once more in Boston, running 93 balls against Lassiter, beating him 150 to 25, but again finishing behind Willie Mosconi, this time sharing second place with Jimmy Caras and Joe Procita. Moore's match with Mosconi had an ending score of 150 to 58 in 19 innings. Moore competed in the 1953 World Championship in San Francisco, but did not place, losing in his last match to Crane, 150-56 in 7 innings.

The following year Moore took second place yet again in the World Championship, held that year in Philadelphia. The 1954 tournament was not sponsored and was unsanctioned by the BCA; in its absence being organized by Irving Crane. It was denominated by newspapers, such as "The New York Times", as the "Unofficial World Pocket Billiard Championship." In a career highlight in the penultimate match there, Moore was losing 148 to 8 to Irving Crane. When Crane let him back to the table, Moore ran 142 balls and out. Despite this feat, Moore was dispatched to second place by Lassiter, with a final score of 150 to 95, sharing second place with Crane. The defending champion, Mosconi, did not participate.

Moore's runner-up streak continued in the 1956 World Championship held at Judice's Academy in Brooklyn, New York. He clinched second place, to Willie Mosconi's now almost ubiquitous first, with a 150 to 50 score over Al Coslosky of Philadelphia in 15 innings, a win over Richard Riggie of Baltimore, 150 to 121, with an inspired run of 107 balls, but a loss to Lassiter, 150 to 70 in 7 innings. That same year Moore played Mosconi at a challenge match in Kinston, North Carolina. It was not Moore's day as Mosconi posted a career highlight; a perfect match—150 balls in a row in one inning.

In all, Moore came in second at the World Championship five times but never took the crown. He did however win the National Pocket Billiards Championship held in Chicago at Bensinger's Billiards in 1958. The tournament was a challenge match, marathon straight pool race to 3,000 points between Moore and Luther Lassiter. It was a tight competition, with Lassiter leading at one point 1,800 to 1,512. Moore battled back and eventually won with a final score of 3,000 to 2,634.

Moore would eventually have ten second-place finishes in world-title competition. Nevertheless, he frequently competed with and beat all of the players whom he so often played second fiddle to in sanctioned tournament play. In fact, later in 1958, the same year he won the National Pocket Billiards Championship against Lassiter, he roundly defeated Mosconi in a two-day exhibition match in his home town of Albuquerque, with a final score of 500 to 397. Moore and Mosconi would battle it out many times in unsanctioned but publicized play. In addition to matches previously mentioned, they vied at Albuquerque's old Chaplin Alley on 1956; at the Highland Bowl in 1958; and later, in matches in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Philadelphia, Chicago and Johnston City at the Jansco Brother's Stardust Open, where Moore would win the prize for "all-around honors".

It was not until 1965 at the National Invitation Pocket Billiards Championship, seven years after his last first-place finish, that he would repeat as champion in a sanctioned tournament. At that contest held at the Riviera Terrace in New York City, along the way to first place and the prize of $4,000, Moore defeated: Onofrio Lauri 150 to 117; Joe Balsis 150 to -3; Cisero Murphy 150 to 96; "Champagne" Edwin Kelly 150 to 83 in 3 innings; and the ever-present Luther Lassiter, 150 to 41 in 4 innings. The runner up in the tourney was Joe Balsis.

In addition to competition, Moore served as a technical adviser for billiard-related scenes in television and film, including "My Living Doll" starring Julie Newmar and Robert Cummings in 1964, and the Jerry Lewis movie "The Family Jewels" in 1965.

Moore was inducted into the International Pocket Billiards Hall of Fame in 1982, the Billiard Congress of America's Hall of Fame in 1994, and the Albuquerque Sports Hall of Fame in 1998. He remained competitive in tournament and match play well into his 70s. In 1984, at age 74, Moore won the Legends of Pocket Billiards competition on ESPN. Even in later years he was still deadly on a pool table, running 111 balls three days after his 80th birthday. "Until the traffic accident I had about a year ago, I was still playing my usual speed" Moore said in July 1999 at the age of 89. However, Moore's health declined rapidly that same year. He died on November 17, 1999 of natural causes.

1933 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1933 Atlantic hurricane season started in the Summer of 1933 and ended near the end of Fall in 1933. 1933 was the third most active Atlantic hurricane season on record. The number of storms in tied with the number in 1995. Only 2005 and 2020 had a higher number of storms. Before 1950 storm did not get a name. This means that they were givin a number instead of a name. Also note that there could have been more than just 21 storms.


Tore Pedersen

Tore Pedersen (born 29 September 1969) is a former Norwegian football player. He has played for Norway national team.

72||3
60||0
21||0
14||0
57||1
224||4

!Total||45||0

Sidney Govou

Sidney Govou (born 27 July 1979) is a French football player. He has played for Olympique Lyonnais and France national team.

International goals
Lyon

France

Individual

Tabla

The tabla (, , }, "tablā" from , "tabl, tabla") is an Indian drum used for North Indian Music. The tabla invention is found in India. It is also used for classical, popular and devotional music of Pakistan. The instrument is two hand drums of different size and shape, similar to bongos. They make different sounds. The drums are treble and bass drum.

Tabla is played hitting the fingers on the drum head and sliding the palm to create a modulating sound. A lot of sounds can be created from the tabla by changing how you use your hands.

The tabla originated from the a more ancient cylindrical drum called the Pakhawaj.

Zakir Hussain is a notable tabla player. There are different Gharanas or houses of tabla. Zakir Hussain's style is of the Punjab Gharana.

Another notable tabla player is Ibrahim Ibrahimi, form Afghanistan.

Tony Rice

David Anthony "Tony" Rice (June 8, 1951 – December 25, 2020) was an American musician and songwriter. He was born in Danville, Virginia but grew up in Los Angeles, California. He is famous for his skill at playing acoustic guitar.

His music can be bluegrass or country or folk.

He has played in music groups with J. D. Crowe, Norman Blake, and David Grisman, Jerry Garcia and Alison Krauss. His own band is called the ""Tony Rice Unit."" He also plays in a group with his brothers.

In 1983 Rice won a Grammy Award for ""Best Country Instrumental Performance.""

Rice died suddenly on December 25, 2020 at his home in Reidsville, North Carolina at the age of 69.

Right-hand rule

The right-hand rule is a convention in vector math. It helps you remember direction when vectors get cross multiplied.

If you have two vectors that you want to cross multiply, you can figure out the direction of the vector that comes out by pointing your thumb in the direction of the first vector and your pointer in the direction of the second vector. Your middle finger will point the direction of the cross product.

Remember that when you change the order that vectors get cross multiplied, the result goes in the opposite direction. So it's important to make sure that you go in the order of formula_1.

There is another rule called the right-hand grip rule (or corkscrew rule) that is used for magnetic fields and things that rotate. 

You can do this in reverse by starting your thumb in the direction of the vector and see how your fingers curl to see the direction of rotation. If you point your thumb in the direction of current in a wire, the magnetic field that comes up around it is in the direction of your curling fingers.

Gunsmoke

Gunsmoke was a western drama television series. John Meston created the series. It ran for twenty years from 1955 to 1975. Each episode ran for 1 hour. In 1955, CBS television network tried to hire John Wayne. They finally decided on James Arness to play the role of Matt Dillon in the "Gunsmoke" series. The main cast was Arness, Dennis Weaver playing Chester Goode, Milburn Stone as Doc Adams, and Amanda Blake as saloon keeper Miss Kitty Russell. Ken Curtis played Festus Haggen and Burt Reynolds played a blacksmith.

Between 1955 - 1961, the were 30 minutes long. After that, they were one hour long. 635 episodes were made between 1955 to 1975. Many well known actors have been on the series. These include John Wayne (presenter of the pilot), Bette Davis, Harrison Ford, Jon Voight, Kurt Russell and Jodie Foster. In 1987, "" was made. Arness returned in the role of Dillon. Later television movies included "Gunsmoke: The Last Apache" (1990), "Gunsmoke: To the Last Man" (1992), "Gunsmoke: The Long Ride" (1993) and "Gunsmoke: One Man's Justice" (1994).


Stan Kenton

Stan Kenton (December 15, 1911 – August 25, 1979) was an American jazz pianist and bandleader from Wichita, Kansas. He worked with many jazz musicians like Zoot Sims, Art Pepper and Stan Getz. He died when he was 67 years old. 

Haneda Airport Station

Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal Station (羽田空港国内線ターミナル駅 Haneda-kūkō Kokunaisen Tāminaru eki) is a Railway station of Keihin Electric Express Railway (Keikyū) in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan.


Permeability (electromagnetism)

Permeability is a property of a material that describes how dense a magnetic field would be if the same amount of current was passed through it. Permeability is measured in henries per metre (H/m) and its symbol is formula_1. 

Since empty space has a constant permeability (called the permeability of free space or formula_2) of exactly formula_3, most materials are listed with a "relative permeability" (symbol formula_4). Relative permeability is the permeability of the material divided by the permeability of free space (formula_5). The permeability of most materials is very close to 1. That means that the permeability of most materials is close enough that we can typically ignore it and use the permeability of free space instead. The biggest exceptions are materials called ferromagnetic materials. Some examples are iron (5000) and nickel (600). Some materials have been specially designed to have a permeability one million times larger than empty space.

Hurricane Agnes

Hurricane Agnes was a Category 1 hurricane in the 1972 Atlantic hurricane season. Agnes affected many states, but the worst was in Florida, Pennsylvania, and New York. The name "Agnes" was one of five Category 1 hurricanes to get its name retired. ("Cesar", "Klaus", "Noel", and "Stan" were the others). At the time Hurricane Agnes was the costliest hurricane in the United States and the Atlantic Ocean. Agnes killed 130 people and caused $3 billion (USD) in damage. In 2009, that would have cost $15.7 billion (USD). As Agnes moved over the United States it caused a tornado outbreak. About 28 tornadoes were seen.

Because of the high damage and high number of people killed, the name "Agnes" was retired. There was no name to be used instead of Agnes, because the list changed in 1979.

Simo Häyhä

Simo Häyhä (December 17, 1905 – April 1, 2002) was a Finnish soldier. He has the highest recorded number of confirmed sniper kills in any major war. The Russian soldiers began to call him as "White Death". He had over 500 confirmed kills during Winter war, which lasted only 105 days.

Simo Häyhä spent his last years in Ruokolahti, a small village in southeastern Finland, near the Russian border. He died at the age of 96 in 2002.

Actor Steven Wiig portrayed Häyhä in the 2012 HBO docudrama "Hemingway & Gellhorn". Sabaton also wrote a song about Häyhä.

Hurricane Martha (1969)

Hurricane Martha was the last hurricane of the active 1969 Atlantic hurricane season. Martha made landfall in Nicaragua.Martha caused minimal flooding in Nicaragua and Honduras.Hurricane Martha was rare storm to make landfall in Columbia. Martha killed about 5 people and caused 300$ Million dollars in damage. 
Because the damage was not very high the name "Martha" was not retired. But, even though it was not retired the name was not used again because the lists names changed in the 1970's. 

Berlin Sportpalast

The Berliner Sportpalast was a building in Berlin. It was built in 1910 and demolished in 1973. The Berlin Sportpalast was used for several winter sport venues and also for meetings. It was in the Schönberg section of Berlin. The Sportpalast could hold up to 14,000 people and was for some years the biggest meeting hall in Berlin. The Berlin Sportpalast is well known for speech of Joseph Goebbels in 1943 about the "Total War".

Steam devil

A steam devil is created when spinning air combines with steam or smoke. Steam devils are almost always found near power plants, but sometimes they happen in deserts or near hot springs.

Steam devils can also be caused by cold air, especially near the Great Lakes.


Swiss minaret controversy

As of 2009, there is a controversy in Switzerland about the construction of minarets. A minaret is a tower-like structure belonging to a mosque. Its main use is to call the worshippers to prayer, much like a belltower of a Christian church. On 1st May 2007, the Swiss People's Party and the Federal Democratic Union launched a popular referendum. They want to ban the construction of minarets in Switzerland. The Swiss people voted in favor of the issue on November 29, 2009. 

There are two disputes that form the basis of the controversy:

The Swiss Minaret controversy started in the Eastern part of Switerland, in 2005. A Turkish cultural association applied for the permit to build a six metre high tower (a minaret) on the roof of the center where they met. The residents around it did not like the idea. They therefore formed an association to oppose it. The people in this association were biased, they had strong (Christian) religious views. Some of the members of the association were also in the committee that had to assess the building plans. As a matter of course, the plans were rejected. The matter was taken to Court, and the Islamic community lost the case. In 2009, the tower was built despite the previous loss.

There are other communes where similar scenes happened.

The two parties (UDC,FDU) tried several motions at the cantonal level to ban minaret-building. This never came to the vote, though, because all cantonal parliaments found the motions unconstitutional.

In 2007, the parties launched a motion at the federal level. Unlike at the cantonal level, intitiatives at the federal level cannot be reviewed, and found unconstitutional. The motion wants to ban the building of minarets in Switzerland. The committee’s proposition reads: "The building of minarets is prohibited". If it became law, it would be written into Article 72 (Section 3) of the Swiss Federal Constitution.

Barrie Colts

The Barrie Colts are an ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). They are based in Barrie, Ontario, Canada. The Barrie Colts first became a team when they played in the junior division of the OHA from 1907 until 1910 which was prior to the creation of junior A and junior B levels. They joined the OHL on May 6, 1994 when they joined as an expansion franchise.


Loganiaceae

Loganiaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Gentianales, containing about 21 genera. Earlier treatments have included up to 29 genera. The current circumscription includes 13 genera, all tropical plants.

School shooting

A school shooting or school massacre is when someone shoots a gun at students or teachers at a school or college. Many school shootings have happened in the United States. Very often, the person responsible for the attack is a former student or pupil., who had to leave the school. Most of the time, school shootings are planned attacks. When planning, the attackers either want to get a lot of media attention, or they want to kill or hurt as many people as possible. In most cases, the perpetrators will announce ("leak") the idea, either directly or indirectly. There are certin things or events that trigger such a shooting: The person will react to these triggers with anger, frustration or despair. The person doing the shooting will often either commit suicide at the end, or they'll arrange the situation in such a way that they are killed by police, or other security forces. Research has shown that the perpetrators either want to kill or hurt fellow students, or they want to hurt teachers/professors; cases where both groups are targeted are rare. Most of the time, there is one attacker. Cases where two or three people act together are rare.


Halls (cough drop)

Halls is a brand of cough drops that are popular in Canada and the United States. They come in multiple flavors and were first made in the Halls Brothers company in Britain.


Paulo Wanchope

Paulo Wanchope (born 31 July 1976) is a former Costa Rican football player. He has played for Costa Rica national team.




Claudio Reyna

Claudio Reyna (born 20 July 1973) is a former American soccer player. He has played for United States national team.

74||6
63||9
105||7
27||0
269||22

!Total||112||8

Rangers

Individual

Ippei Watanabe

Ippei Watanabe (born 28 September 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

118||8||7||2||8||1||133||11
118||8||7||2||8||1||133||11

Anderson Andrade

Andrade Antunes Anderson (born 15 November 1981) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Carmelita.

"Updated to 23 February 2016".

Sonny Anderson

Sonny Anderson (born 19 September 1970) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Vasco da Gama

Servette

Monaco

Barcelona

Lyon

Villarreal
Individual

Jared Borgetti

Jared Borgetti (born 14 August 1973) is a Mexican former football player. He has played for Mexico national team. He is the 2nd top scorer for the Mexican national team on 46 goals, behind Javier Hernández. He is known for his great headed goals, especially the one that he scored in the 2002 FIFA World Cup, against Italy.

Santos Laguna

Mexico

Individual

Hakoah Vienna

The club was founded in 1909. In its first year, the club's athletes competed in fencing, football, field hockey, track & field, wrestling and swimming. It was one of the first team which travelled around the world to play matches. Therefore Hakoah Vienna had supporters under Jews in many countries of Europe. One of them was the author Franz Kafka.

Hakoah was one of the best football clubs in Austria before the Second World War. The club was the first from the continent which was able to defeat an English club on the island (Westham United-Hakoah Vienna 0 : 5) and on Juli 15th, 1917 goalkeeper Willy Halpern was the first Hakoahplayer in the nationalteam. 1919 Hakoah reached the first class.

In the 1924/25 season Hakoah Vienna became Austrian Champion. In 1926 the club made a tour to the United States and played in New York where they had 46 000 spectators. This was a record for this time. Impressed by the relatively lack of antisemitism and good payment half of the team stayed in the USA. In New York some players formed the New York Hakoah. Others went to Palestine and founded Hakoah Tel Aviv. This led to the relegation into the second class. In the 1937/38 season they were leaders but the occupation of Austria by Germany led to the cancellation of all matches. Like all other Jewish sportsclubs Hakoah Vienna was dissolved during the time of Nazioccupation and lost all their properties. From the football players of Hakoah Oskar Grasgrün, Ernst Horowitz, Josef Kolisch, Erwin, Oskar Pollak, Max Scheuer and Ali Schönfeld were murderd by the Nazis. Fritz Weinberger und Julius Zwickler were murderd in concentration camps. Many of the players who were able to left Austria went to Palestine and played for Hakoah Tel Aviv.

1945 the club was renewed.The football team, which played in the second division of the Austrian championship after World War II, was dissolved in 1949. Under the name SC Maccabi Wien the club is now playing in a minor league.

One of the notable players of Hakoah Vienna was Béla Guttmann, who played for Hakoah from 1922 to 1926 and after the end of his career he became manager in Italy, South America and Europe.

Joshua Kennedy

Joshua Kennedy (born 20 July 1982) is an Australian football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight and Australia national team.

4||0||0||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||4||0
140||27||8||3||1||0||4||0||153||30
15||6||4||3||1||0||4||3||24||12
159||33||12||6||2||0||8||3||181||42

!Total||17||6


Sotaro Yasunaga

Sotaro Yasunaga (born 20 April 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

165||23||14||2||33||4||212||29
46||5||||||||||46||5
211||28||14||2||33||4||258||34

Tomáš Galásek

Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973) is a former Czech football player. He has played for the Czech Republic national team.

Ajax

1. FC Nürnberg

Satoshi Nakayama

Satoshi Nakayama (born 7 November 1981) is a Japanese football player.

156||19||8||0||15||4||3||0||182||23
156||19||8||0||15||4||3||0||182||23

Nikolai Khabibulin

Nikolai Ivanovich Khabibulin (Николай Иванович Хабибулин in Russian; born January 13, 1973 in Sverdlovsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL.

He has also played with the Winnipeg Jets for 2 seasons, Phoenix Coyotes for 3 seasons, Tampa Bay Lightning for 3 seasons and Edmonton Oilers for 2 seasons. He won the Stanley Cup with the Tampa Bay Lightning in 2004 becoming the first Russian goalie to win a Stanley Cup. On July 5, 2013, Khabibulin signed a one-year, $2 million contract to return to the Chicago Blackhawks.

João Paulo (footballer, born 1964)

Sérgio Luís Donizetti (born 7 September 1964 in Campinas, Brazil), best known as João Paulo, is a Brazilian former association footballer, who played as a striker.


Kim Dae-eui

Kim Dae-Eui (born 30 May 1974) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

257||50
4||0
261||50

!Total||13||3

Arnold Scholten

Arnold Scholten (born 5 December 1962) is a former Dutch football player.

418||40
48||2
466||42

A-side and B-side

A-side and B-side are words used in music. They used to mean the two different sides of vinyl records and cassettes. Singles were released on these from the 1950s. The words now mean the types of song that are usually placed on each side of the record. The A-side is normally the featured song. This is the one that the record producer hopes will receive radio airplay and become a "hit". The B-side, or flipside, is a secondary song that often does not appear on the artist's LP. 

"CD singles", often have two songs, but CDs do not have two readable sides.

The Blue Room (EP)

The Blue Room is the third EP released by English band Coldplay. It is their first release after signing with the Parlophone label in April 1999.


Brothers &amp; Sisters (song)

"Brothers & Sisters" is a song and EP by Coldplay. It was released as their first single in 1999 following the "Safety EP", released a year earlier. 

Groove (music)

Groove is the sense of rhythmic "feel" or sense of "swing" created by music played by a band's rhythm section (drums, electric bass or double bass, guitar, and keyboards). The term is mainly used in the genres outside of Western art music, such as funk, rock music, power groove, fusion, and soul.

Analog

Analog or analogue may refer to:






Paul Delarue

Paul Delarue (1889—1956) was a famous French collector of folk stories. His "The Story of Grandmother" is a version of "Little Red Riding Hood," which was set down folklorist Achille Millien by as told by Louis and Francois Briffault, brothers from Nievre.


ye
Constitution of Romania

The Constitution of Romania is the fundamental law that made the structure of the government of Romania. It also defines the rights and obligations of citizens.


Parliament of Romania

The Parliament of Romania is made up of two parts: the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. Under 2003, they had identical powers, and after 2003, laws still have to be approved by both parts in order to be passed into law, but in some matters, one part of the Parliament is superior to the others.


Sergej Barbarez

Sergej Barbarez (born 17 September 1971) is a former Bosnia and Herzegovina football player. He has played for Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

Hamburger SV 

Awards

Xavier Margairaz

Xavier Margairaz (born 7 January 1984) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Zürich.

175||30
13||0
188||30

!Total||16||1

Satoshi Kajino

Satoshi Kajino (born 9 November 1965) is a former Japanese football player.

243||7||10||0||16||0||269||7
243||7||10||0||16||0||269||7


Kunio Nagayama

Kunio Nagayama (born 16 September 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

196||8||16||1||53||1||265||10
196||8||16||1||53||1||265||10

Satoshi Okura

Satoshi Okura (born 22 May 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

65||14||5||2||14||5||84||21
65||14||5||2||14||5||84||21

Philipp Degen

Philipp Degen (born 15 February 1983) is a Swiss football player. He plays for FC Basel and Switzerland national team.

83||4||7||0||colspan="2"|-||16||0||106||4
68||1||5||0||colspan="2"|-||2||0||75||1
0||0||0||0||2||0||0||0||2||0
151||5||12||0||2||0||18||0||183||5

!Total||32||0

Hiroki Mihara

Hiroki Mihara (born 20 April 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

111||11||7||2||2||0||120||13
111||11||7||2||2||0||120||13

David Degen

David Degen (born 15 February 1983) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Young Boys and Switzerland national team.

151||20
18||2
169||22

!Total||10||0

Oceanside, California

Oceanside is a beach city in the state of California. It is the third largest city in San Diego County, California and the 17th largest in Southern California. The city has a population of 174,068 as of 2020. The cities Oceanside, Vista and Carlsbad all form the Tri-City area. Oceanside is south of the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton.

Salt Lake Tabernacle

The Salt Lake Tabernacle is a building in Temple Square in Salt Lake City, Utah. It was built by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in 1867.

John Prescott

John Leslie Prescott, Baron Prescott (born 31 May 1938) is a British Labour politician. He was born in Prestatyn, Wales. He grew up in Brinsworth, Yorkshire and Upton by Chester. He served as Deputy Prime Minister when Tony Blair was Prime Minister. He started out as a shop worker and was often considered to be the "most working class member of the Labour cabinet". Whilst campaigning for the 2001 election, he punched a man who threw an egg at him. He has diabetes mellitus type 2 and had bulimia nervosa throughout his political career.


Yamanote Line

The is a railway line of East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Tokyo, Japan. It is one of Tokyo's busiest and most important lines, connecting most of Tokyo's big stations and city centres, including Marunouchi, the Yūrakuchō/Ginza area, Shinagawa, Shibuya, Shinjuku, Ikebukuro and Ueno, with all but two of its 29 stations connecting to other railway or underground (subway) lines. 

As an official line name, "Yamanote Line" is usually meant as a line with tracks between Shinagawa and Tabata from Shinjuku that are used by local trains on its tracks and also the parallel Yamanote Freight Line which is used by Saikyō Line and Shōnan-Shinjuku Line trains, some limited express services, and freight trains. However, in everyday use, the "Yamanote Line" refers to the entire 34.5 km loop line served by local trains. (This article uses the same thing meant except when it is said that it would not be the same meaning meant.)

In 1909, The Yamanote Line began service between Shinagawa and Akabane, and it was called the "Shinagawa Line" at that time. A train consisted of 10 cars. The circular line began in 1925. A train schedule 5 trains/hour 72 minutes/a round in 1925, 25 trains/hour 60 minutes/a round in 2014. In 1961, the train color changed from brown to yellow. In 1972, the train color changed from yellow to green. In 1987, Japan Railway was privatized. In 1990, the Yamanote line added one more car to the trains. Wrapping advertisement, using Yamanote Line, has started since 2000. Each station are installing the platform screen doors for the Tokyo Olympics in 2020.

The Yamanote Line has no signal, and a train follows the preceding train. Yamanote Line has not only passenger trains but also freight trains. The Yamanote Line has only one railway crossing. In 2013, 3,238,000 people use Yamanote Line per a day.

Notes



Engelhard, North Carolina

Engelhard is a small village in North Carolina, United States. The village is found in Hyde County.

About 300 people live there. 

Luna Park, Melbourne

Melbourne's Luna Park is a historic amusement park near the beach at St Kilda, Victoria Australia. It was designed and developed by Frederick Ingersoll. It opened in 1912 and has been operating ever since. It is the first of two Luna Parks still operating in Australia; the other is on Sydney Harbour.

Miragoâne

Miragoâne (Kréyòl: "Miragwàn") is a port city in southwestern Haiti. It is the capital city of the Nippes "Département".

The city is on the coast of the "Miragoâne" Bay, in the Gonâve Channel of the Gulf of Gonâve, about 100 km south of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. It is also the chief town of an "arrondissement" (a part of a department) with the same name. The "arrondissement" has four "communes" (a "commune" is like a municipality): Miragoâne, Fonds-des-Nègres, Paillant and Petite-Rivière-de-Nippes.

The town was founded by English during the 17th century on the coast of a well-protected bay.

The name Miragoâne comes from "Miraguano", the name given by the Taíno people to the 
"Étang de Miragoâne", the second largest lake of Haiti; the town is near the lake.

During a civil war in 1883, the town was destroyed.

Miragoâne is an important port; coffee, fruits and wood are sent to other countries and other parts of Haiti from here. Used products (like clothes and cars) come to this port from Miami.


Your Body Is a Wonderland

"Your Body Is a Wonderland" is a 2002 song written and sung by John Mayer. It was recorded in 2001 and released in 2002. The song won John Mayer a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.

Brooke Hogan

Brooke Hogan (born May 5, 1988 in Tampa, Florida) is an American singer, actress and model who currently has her own show on VH1 and MuchMore called "Brooke Knows Best" it is a spin-off of the show her parents were on called "Hogan Knows Best". Her father is semi-retired professional wrestler Hulk Hogan. She released her debut album in 2006 entitled "Undiscovered".

Kim Do-kyun

Kim Do-Kyun (born 13 January 1977), also known as Kim Do-Gyun, is a South Korean association football player. He was a member of the Korea Republic national team, including the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

100||2||1||0||28||1||129||3
17||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||17||0
117||2||1||0||28||1||146||3

!Total||10||0

Rodrigo Mendes

Rodrigo Mendes (born 9 August 1975) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Novo Hamburgo.



Rodrigo Tabata

Rodrigo Tabata (born 19 November 1980) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Al-Rayyan SC.

Santos

Al Rayyan

Al-Sadd

Individual

Karim Haggui

Karim Haggui (born 20 January 1984) is a Tunisian football player. He plays for VfB Stuttgart and Tunisia national team.

43||2
166||10
209||12

!Total||59||5

Dong Fangzhuo

Dong Fangzhuo (born 23 January 1985) is a Chinese football player. He has played for China PR national team.

45||21
71||35
1||0
0||0
117||56

!Total||13||1

André the Giant

André René Roussimoff (May 19, 1946 – January 27, 1993) better known by his ring name, André the Giant, was a French professional wrestler and actor. He was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF). He also wrestled for New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) and All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW).

His size was caused by gigantism, that was caused by excess growth hormone and would later result in acromegaly. His size led to him being called "The Eighth Wonder of the World". During his professional wrestling career, he was a one time WWF champion and a one time WWF World Tag Team champion with Haku. In the WWF, he was managed by Bobby "The Brain" Heenan and had a well-known feud with Hulk Hogan. He beat Hogan on "The Main Event" in 1988 to win his first and only WWF Championship. In 1993, He became the first superstar to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.

His best know acting role was as Fezzik in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride".

On January 27, 1993, he died of congestive heart failure while he was sleeping in his Paris hotel room. He was in Paris to go to his father's funeral.



Gura Humorului

Gura Humorului is a town in northern Romania. It is in Suceava County in the southern part of Bukovina. The population of Gura Humorului was 15,728 as of 2006. The mayor is Marius Ioan Ursaciuc of the National Liberal Party. On 11 May 1899, there was a disastrous fire which destroyed most of the town, more than 400 houses and businesses were lost in the blaze. It was a World War I battlefield between Austrian and Imperial Russian troops until the Russians were driven out in 1917.

Between 1960 and 1963 the fossils of prehistoric fish, about 1.90 metres long were discovered in rocks near the town. The fish was an unknown Palaeorhynchus, a kind of mackerel, which lived about 30 million years ago. It was named Palegrhynchus humorensis, after the city. The area was made a special reserve in 1973.

On October 10, 1941, during World War II, 2945 Jewish men, women and children were sent from Gura Humorului to Transnistria. Most of these people died in the concentration camps. Only about 100 returned to the town after the war, and most of these people then moved to Israel. The former residents have sent money to repair the Jewish cemetery, and the one surviving synagogue.


HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed

Histadrut HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed (, lit. "The Federation of Working and Studying Youth"), sometimes abbreviated to No'al () is an Israeli youth movement. 

The movement was founded in 1924 by youth working to defend their rights. The first name of the movement was "Hanoar HaOved" ("The Working Youth") and it was connected to the Histadrut (Israeli workers union). In 1959, it was connected with "HaTnua HaMeu'he'det" (, "The United Movement") and the name was changed to "HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed." It is a sister movement of Habonim Dror which is active abroad, outside of Israel.

The movement is organized by junior and senior counselors who plan and hold programs for younger members. These are after-school activities and also during school holidays. Usually members join in elementary school in fourth grade. The chance to become a junior counselor starts in ninth grade, with a training program during the summer before starting tenth grade. Each branch is assigned a leader doing the national service year after high school, guiding the local junior and senior counselors. Much of the programs are about Israeli and Jewish history and culture. (See Values, below) 

HaNoar HaOved Ve HaLomed is a Zionist educational and social organization. It believes that the State of Israel is the homeland of the Jewish people. Its members are dedicated to living in Israel and taking part in defending it and building it. That means that most or all members do a year of national service in the community after high school, then are drafted into the Israeli army after high school, and afterwards plan to live in Israel as adults. They believe in the values of democracy and socialist principles like social welfare to take care of the weaker members of the population. They may want to join a kibbutz or other cooperative way of living. They often join the youth wings of Israeli political parties and take part in rallies and work in support of their beliefs.

Not all members follow the Jewish religion. Those from Jewish families usually come from a secular or traditional home, as do the majority of Israelis. They see Jewish tradition and Jewish history as a source of inspiration and influence. They respect all the cultures that make up Israel's pluralistic society and uphold freedom of speech and worship. There are branches in Israel for Arab and Druze youngsters. The movement website has pages in Hebrew, Arabic, Russian, and English.

A cotton long-sleeved collared shirt is typical of several Israeli youth movements. The shirt of the HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed is a blue shirt, the color symbolising the working class. The red lacing at the neck opening is the color which symbolises Socialism. The shirt is printed front and back with white lettering describing the movement with its symbols, and sometimes giving locations of the wearer's local "ken" or for a movement event.

In the 1990s, following the decline of the kibbutz movement, HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed began to re-examine the ideal life path of its members, which had always begun with settling kibbutzim in "gar'inim" after finishing their mandatory period of army service. Instead, a model started to be put forward in which "bogrim" ("graduates") of the movement formed small urban communes working in society, particularly in education. In the early 21st century there are about 1,000 members of HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed's "Tnuat Bogrim" ("Movement of Graduates"). They live in small communes in cities or on kibbutzim. Many have jobs in education and the youth movement. Together, the youth movement and the "Tnuat Bogrim" are called the "Dror-Israel" movement, which is named after the historical "Dror" movement in Europe.



Sex chromosome

Sex chromosomes are chromosomes which determine the sex of individual organisms. In men, for example, there are 23 pairs of chromosomes, and one of these pairs are sex chromosomes. Females have two X chromosomes, males have one X and one Y. An egg always carries a single X, while sperms carry either an X or a Y. That is how sex is determined in humans.

Not all organisms have their sex determined by chromosomes. Those that do use the sex chromosome system have variations in how it happens. The account above is generally true for mammals.


Cytogenetics

Cytogenetics is the branch of genetics which deals with cytology: cell structure and function. It includes the study of chromosomes, chromosome bands, karyotypes, and cell division, especially meiosis. Cytogenetic studies have also been used to study evolution in natural populations.

Somatic cell

All the cells in the body of an organism are somatic cells, except for the haploid gametes (sex cells like eggs and sperm) and other cells involved in reproduction.

Somatic cells are usually diploid, except where there is polyploidy. Either way, somatic cells have double the number of chromosomes that gametes in the same organism have. Somatic cells divide by mitosis and make identical copies of themselves, while gametes are made when germ cells divide by meiosis.

In humans, somatic cells have 46 chromosomes.

Genetic screening

Genetic screening finds out genetic susceptibility to a particular disease. Genetic testing identifies differences in chromosomes, genes, or proteins. It allows the genetic diagnosis of vulnerabilities to inherited diseases. It can also be used to find out a child's parentage (genetic mother and father).

Genetic screening in a broader sense includes biochemical tests for the possible presence of genetic diseases, or mutant forms of genes associated with increased risk of developing genetic disorders.
Most of the time, testing is used to find changes that are associated with inherited disorders. The results of a genetic test can confirm or rule out a suspected genetic condition or help determine a person's chance of developing or passing on a genetic disorder. Several hundred genetic tests are currently in use, and more are being developed.

Since genetic testing may open up ethical or psychological problems, genetic testing is often accompanied by genetic counselling.


Haploid

Haploid is the term used when a cell has half the usual number of chromosomes. A normal eukaryote organism is composed of diploid cells, one set of chromosomes from each parent. However, after meiosis, the number of chromosomes in gametes is halved. That is the haploid condition.

In humans, the diploid number of chromosomes is 46 (2x23). The number in haploid cells (sperm and eggs) is 23. Some types of animals are haploid, such as male Hymenoptera (ants, bees and wasps). This is a special genetic system called haplodiploidy.

Some plants and animals are polyploid, with more than two sets of chromosomes. For example, one species of wheat is hexaploid, with six sets of chromosomes, although other species of wheat have only two sets. Because so many organisms are diploid, it can become confusing whether haploid refers to one set of chromosomes or more than one. The special term monoploid can be used; it means one set of chromosomes.


Malt shop

A malt shop or soda shop was a older type of drink store in North America. It is where kids mostly went to buy sodas and candy (confectionery).


Atong language (Sino-Tibetan)

A’tong (also spelled "Attong") is a language spoken in Bangladesh. It is spoken by about 5,400 people in the northern Netrokona District.

The language will possibly become more mixed with the Abeng dialect of Garo and Bengali. Many children can speak Abeng before starting school, but most speakers also have good proficiency in Bengali.

They are reckoned by themselves and other Garos to be Garos, but the languages are not mutually intelligible with Garo. The speakers of A’tong are mostly Christian peasants.

Jaywalking

Jaywalking is a form of crossing a street by not following the crosswalk. People crossing the street, known as pedestrians, can get a fine or time in prison for jaywalking in some states and cities. 

Do Ab

Do Ab is a village in Bamyan Province in central Afghanistan.

Do Ab (Iran)

Do Ab is the name of a rural area in the center of Savadkuh County, Mazanderan province, Iran. It contains five villages. Sevatcow station on the Mazanderan branch of the trans-Iranian railway was built there during the rule of Reza Pahlavi. It is about 7 kilometers south of Pol Sefid (Capital of township) and about 14 kilometers from Veresk Bridge.

Euptoieta hegesia

The Mexican Fritillary (Euptoieta hegesia) is a North and South American butterfly. It is in the family Nymphalidae.

The upper side of the wings is bright orange. Most of the hind wing (the bottom wing) does not have black markings. There is a row of submarginal (submarginal means just inward of the wing edge) black spots on both the fore wing (the top wing) and the hind wing. The underside of the wings is yellow-orange. There are no black submarginal spots. It has a wingspan of 2.5 to 3 inches.

The only similar species in the Mexican Fritillary's range is the Variegated Fritillary ("Euptoieta claudia"). The Variegated Fritillary has more black on the upper side of the hind wing. The underside of the hind wing has a pale band in the center.

The Mexican Fritillary may be seen from mid-June to November in Arizona. It is seen from July to December in Texas. It is seen year-round in Mexico.

This species may be found in a variety of open habitats and gardens.

The caterpillar is shiny red. It has a silver stripe edged with black on each side of the body. It has silver spots edged with black along the top of the body. There are six rows of black spines. The head has two long black spines with clubbed ends. The chrysalis is dark brown or tan. It has gold eyes and short gold spines. On the wing cases, it has a black marking shaped like a "T". It has 1-3 broods per year.

Here is a list of host plants that the Mexican Fritillary caterpillar feeds on:


Kingsway tramway subway

The Kingsway tramway subway is a cut-and-cover tunnel in central London. It was built for The London County Council to join two tramway systems called the "North Side" and "South Side". Used by single-deck tramcars only, but an upgrade between 1928 and 1931 meant that double deck trams could use it. The subway was closed in 1952. Part of the subway is now the Strand underpass, but the rest has not been changed very much and still has tram tracks inside it. It is now a Grade II Listed structure.

The London County Council had two tramway systems called the "North Side" and "South Side". For a long time, they had considered joining the two together. This would allow them to send trams from the "North Side" to the Central Repair Depot in Charlton in South East London for overhauls. In 1898 it was decided to demolish the slum districts in the Holborn area and rebuild them. This gave a chance to use the new streets for a tramway. In 1902, the Council decided to build a tramway that was under the ground (subway). The subway went from Theobalds Road in the north to the Embankment underneath Waterloo Bridge to the south. From there a line that was not underground would continue over Waterloo Bridge.

However, there were legal problems and these delayed the permission that was needed to build the subway and tram route. Permission to build the subway was not given until 1906, and they were still not allowed to build the tram line over the bridge. The tunnel would also only be able to have single-deck trams in it. This was because of a sewer at the northern end of the tunnel and the District Railway at the southern end. When the trams left the subway at the southern end, they could turn right along the Embankment to Westminster Bridge, or left on a service from Bloomsbury to the Hop Exchange. This latter service was short-lived and the tracks were removed in 1930.

At the north end, the approach near Southampton Row was a open cutting with a 1 in 10 (10%) slope. The tracks passed through cast iron tubes underneath the Fleet sewer. They then rose very slightly to enter Holborn tramway station. From here up to Aldwych tramway station the subway was built with a steel roof. Because it was not planned to run a public service south of here at first, the tracks leading towards the Strand were used as a depot with appropriate equipment and inspection pits.

The first public tram through the subway ran on 24 February 1906. It ran from The Angel, Islington to Aldwych. The chairman of the Highways Committee held an opening ceremony. The first journey took 10 minutes to go to Aldwych and 12 minutes to get back. This was also allowing for the horse-drawn vehicles that were using the roads on the overground part of the route. On the 16 November of the same year, the routes were extended north from The Angel to Highbury station. The route used special trams built from materials that could not catch fire. Wooden trams, like those used on other routes, were not allowed to go through the subway.

In the parliamentary session of 1905, plans were submitted for another station at the south end of the tunnel. The station would be underneath Wellington Street. The opening of the new tramway along the Embankment meant it was decided to link up with this route instead and the station was never built. A new sharp curve was built under Lancaster Place to allow an exit through the western side wall of Waterloo Bridge. A triangular junction with the through line was constructed. The eastern side of this junction, leading to Blackfriars, was removed as part of the 1930s upgrade.

Through services started on 10 April 1908. They ran from Highbury station to Tower Bridge and to Kennington Gate. There was a procession of six cars that went south from the Holborn through to Kennington. They then diverted to Elephant and Castle in order to return through the subway to Angel. The Kennington service was not commercially viable and services were diverted to operate to Queens Road in Battersea. Due to a low bridge, this service could only be operated with single-deck vehicles. Drivers of the trams recorded difficulty in climbing the ramp north from Holborn tramway station and would sometimes roll all the way back to the station. Drivers on routes through the tunnel had to have at least two years experience on other services to be considered for these routes.

The services continued to change for many years, especially when the tram lines over Blackfriars Bridge opened on 14 September 1909. During the 1920s the LCC also realised that for the subway to remain profitable it would need to be able to take double-deck trams. In 1929, it was then decided that the headroom of the tunnel would be increased to . This would be done by raising the roof or deepening the tunnel as appropriate. Work started on 11 September 1929. The work resulted in the replacement of the cast iron tubes with a new steel girder-supported roof. The sewer was also diverted. In some places, the trackbed was lowered by . This meant that the walls had to be underpinned with concrete. After the last service ran on 2 February 1930 the tunnel was closed. It did not re-open until 14 February 1930 which was the formal re-opening. Tram number 1931 was used on the new route 31. Public services started on the next day. As well as the whole tunnel being rebuilt, the two tramway stations were as well. Services now ran from Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting, Leyton to Westminster, Highbury to Waterloo or Norbury and Archway to Kennington.

A weekend service was introduced between Highgate (Archway) and Downham via Brockley. This route closed in 1932. It was long. This made it the longest tram route operated entirely within the County of London.

In 1937, Waterloo Bridge was re-built. This meant that the side entrance to the tramway had to be moved. A new entrance was built in a position centrally underneath the bridge. This opened on 21 November of that year.

In 1933, the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) was formed. They took over the London County Council trams. Soon after this takeover, the LPTB decided to replace all of the trams in London with "more modern vehicles". The abandonment programme began in 1935. The trams in the South-West, West, North-West, North and East London were mostly replaced with trolleybuses. This programme carried on quickly until 1940. In 1940, the last tram conversion took place before the Second World War. This left only the South London trams and subway routes 31, 33 and 35 running. The subway routes were the only trams to run into North London during the war.

Prototype Kingsway trolleybus number 1379 was built to test the use of trolleybuses through the subway. The trolleybus had exits on both sides to allow this. However, the tests were unsuccessful. This was because the trolleybuses would have had to run on battery power through the subway. They would have had to have used battery power because headroom restrictions made it impossible to use overhead current collection.

In 1946, it was decided to replace all of London's remaining trams "as soon as possible". This time though the replacement would be by diesel buses instead of trolleybuses. The first subway route to be closed was route 31. It closed on 1 October 1950. Routes 33 and 35 were closed at the end of service on Saturday 5 April 1952. The last public services through the subway were 'specials' which ran on the Sunday, shortly after midnight. During the early hours of the next morning, all of the remaining trams north of the subway were driven through the subway to the depots south of the Thames.

The trams in London stopped running on 5 July 1952. After this, the tracks on the street were lifted. However, those in the subway mostly remained in place. In 1953 London Transport used the tramway to store 120 unused buses and coaches. This was in case they were needed for the Coronation. However, proposals to convert the tramway subway to a car park or a movie studio failed and it was leased out as a storage facility from October 1957.

In June 1958, the London County Council proposed to use the tunnel for light traffic coming from Waterloo Bridge. This would reduce traffic congestion at its junction with Strand. In April 1962, the go-ahead was given for part of the southern end of the subway to be used in this way. Construction began in September of the same year. The subway opened to road traffic as the "Strand Underpass" on 21 January 1964.

The southern section of the abandoned tunnel between the Embankment and the Strand Underpass has been converted into a branch of the Buddha Bar chain of bars and restaurants. This involved the demolition of the pedestrian subways under Waterloo Bridge and extensive construction in the bridge's undercroft.


Eastbourne College

Eastbourne College is a British co-educational day and boarding school for children aged 13-18. It is on the south coast of England. The headmaster is called Simon Davies. The College was started by the Duke of Devonshire in 1867 and has been growing ever since. It is a charity.

"Ex Oriente Salus"

The Chapel follows the religion of the Church of England. The College has a very good choir.
It also has a full-time Chaplain. Since he lives with his family in the middle of the College campus, he is always available. Pupils are always welcome to visit him about anything that is bothering them. Sometimes people go just to talk and enjoy a cup of tea.

Every Thursday evening there is a communion service followed by warm pizza in the Chaplain's flat at which all are welcome. There is also a Bible study group (The Connection) led by members of staff, which meets weekly throughout the year. At the beginning and end of each term there is a whole school service in All Saints' Church.

Sports are taken very seriously at Eastbourne College and in the past it has produced many successful teams. Old Eastbournians Will Green and Mark Lock once won the Premiership with the London Wasps. 

At the College, one main sport is played each term.

However there are also other sports played, such as football, cross country, swimming, golf, tennis, squash, rowing, sailing & rugby fives.

The school has a CCF (Combined Cadet Force) which all of year ten must join, and some students choose to continue in the upper years. The CCF has Royal Navy, Army and Royal Air Force sections for the pupils to choose from.





Two Old Eastbournians have won the Victoria Cross:

The Southern Railway used to use trains' names for publicity, and carrying pupils to boarding schools at the beginning and end of school terms was a big part of the traffic. One type of train was named after various English public schools. The fifteenth train of this type made, "no. 914", was named "Eastbourne" after the college. Built at Eastleigh in October 1932, "no. 914" was working until July 1961.


University of Bonn

The University of Bonn () is a public research university in Bonn, Germany. Started in 1818, the University of Bonn is today one of the leading universities in Germany. The University of Bonn offers many programs in different subjects. Its library has more than two million volumes. The University of Bonn has 525 professors and 27,800 students. Among its famous students and teachers are seven Nobel prize winners, two Fields Medalists, eleven Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners, Pope Benedict XVI, Karl Marx, Friedrich Nietzsche, Joseph Schumpeter and Joseph Goebbels.


University of Würzburg

The University of Würzburg is a university in Würzburg, Germany, which first started in 1402. The university is a member of the Coimbra Group.

The University’s official name is Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg ("Julius Maximilian University Würzburg") but it is commonly called the "University of Würzburg". This name is taken from two people; Julius Echter von Mespelbrunn, Prince-Bishop of Würzburg, who restarted the University 426 years ago, and Prince Elector Maximilian Joseph, the prince under whom it became public, not religious, at the start of the 19th century. The University’s central administration, foreign student office, and several research institutes are located within the old town. The new liberal arts campus, with its modern library, overlooks the city from the east. The University today has about 21,000 students, of which more than 1,000 come from other countries. Among its students and teachers, the University includes 13 Nobel Prize winners.


Carles Rexach

Carles Rexach (born 13 January 1947) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

328||81
328||81

!Total||15||2

Frank Lobos

Frank Lobos (born 25 September 1976) is a former Chilean football player.

16||1
16||1

Andriy Rusol

Andriy Rusol (born 16 January 1983) is a Ukrainian retired footballer who formerly played as a defender for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk and the Ukrainian national team.

206||6
206||6

!Total||47||3

Ari (footballer, born 1980)

Arivaldo Alves dos Santos (born 19 November 1980) is a Brazilian football player.

14||0||0||0||3||0||17||0
14||0||0||0||3||0||17||0

MacBook Air

The MacBook Air is a kind of Macintosh laptop computer designed by Apple, known as the "world's thinnest notebook." It is positioned as the most portable in Apple's MacBook family and was introduced at the Macworld Conference & Expo on January 15, 2008. The MacBook Air was the first laptop to implement Apple's precision aluminum unibody enclosure.

The MacBook Air has been updated over four times since the original release. The first revision introduced better performance, a bigger hard drive, and a Mini DisplayPort for peripheral monitors. The second update, introduced with the MacBook Pro series, featured a lower price, better performance, and a longer-lasting battery. It was revised a third time in October 2010 when the outside container was redesigned. At this time Apple began selling another model with a smaller, 11.6-inch (29 cm) screen until 2019. The fourth update was released in July 2011. There have been other revisions in between, but in October 2018, there was a fifth revision to the MacBook Air, with a fingerprint scanner, a larger Retina screen, and a backlit keyboard.

The MacBook Air, made for thinness, weighs , was the first MacBook produced using a single piece of aluminum with Apple's unibody technique. The computer has a glossy LED backlit screen and a backlit keyboard, as well as a large trackpad that responds to iPhone-like Multi-Touch gestures such as pinching, swiping, and rotating. With the release of Mac OS X Snow Leopard, the Air's multi-touch trackpad also supports handwriting recognition of Chinese characters.

A hatch that flips down on the right side shows the ports on MacBook Air: a USB port, a Mini DisplayPort, and a stereo earphone jack. The left side of the computer has a MagSafe adapter for power, and there is an iSight webcam and microphone above the screen.

The MacBook Air was the first compact laptop sold by Apple since the full-featured 12" PowerBook G4 was stopped in 2006. It was also Apple's first computer with an optional solid-state storage drive. ArsTechnica found "moderate" performance improvements of the 64 GB solid-state drive of the first generation Air over the standard 80 GB hard drive in tests. On October 14, 2008, new models were announced boasting improved capacities of 128 GB (solid-state) and 120 GB (hard drive). The Air comes standard with 2 GB non-upgradable RAM. The CPU on the original Air was an Intel Core 2 Duo chip especially designed to be 40 percent the size of the standard Core 2 Duo chip. The current model has a low voltage, small form factor Core 2 Duo "Penryn" with 6 MB of cache, running on a 1066 MHz bus. MacBook Air has no user-replaceable parts. The hard drive, memory, and battery are enclosed within the casing, with memory soldered directly to the logicboard. MacBook Air's battery is enclosed within the case but can be replaced using normal screwdrivers, though it is unclear whether this process would void the notebook's warranty. As part of the out-of-warranty service, Apple offers to replace the battery for a fee.

Apple incorporated several features in the design of the MacBook Air, such as the reduction of toxic chemicals like lead, to make it more environmentally friendly. MacBook Air contains no BFRs and PVC wiring, meets Energy Star Version 5.0 requirements, has a recyclable enclosure, and is rated EPEAT Gold; its screen is made from arsenic-free glass and does not contain mercury. To reduce the computer's size and weight, several features were sacrificed. It is Apple's first notebook since the PowerBook 2400c without a built-in removable media drive. It also omits a FireWire port, Ethernet port, line-in, media card slots, and a Kensington Security Slot.

To regain the features of an optical drive, users can either use a separately-available external USB SuperDrive, or the bundled Remote Disc software to access the optical drive of another computer. However, this method only allows for disk browsing or software installation; DVD movies or CDs cannot be watched or listened to. The Remote Disc capability is achieved by the computer wirelessly accessing the optical drive of another Mac or Windows PC that has the Remote Disc program installed. It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD. Remote Disc supports netbooting, so MacBook Air can boot from its installation DVD in another computer's drive. This feature requires Remote Install Mac OS X to be running on the remote computer. The software does not allow the playback or information of DVDs or CDs, nor does it allow the installation of Microsoft Windows. For these features, an external USB drive is required. A single speaker located under the keyboard is included for mono sound.

The MacBook Air includes Mac OS X Snow Leopard pre-installed, along with Apple's iLife multimedia suite. Apple's iWork work suite, similar to Microsoft Office, is also available with the purchase of the computer, with an extra charge.

With the 2008 changes to the notebook, wired Ethernet connectivity required a separately available USB-to-Ethernet adapter. However, for the 2009 revision, the adapter is included in-the-box. Additionally, in the 2008 revision, the hard drive, graphics, front side bus, processor, memory, battery, and port connections were upgraded.

The MacBook Air was greeted with mixed reception when it was introduced. The portability of the MacBook Air was praised in reviews, however, the compromise in features was criticized. The full-sized keyboard, weight of three pounds, thinness, and Multi-Touch trackpad were appreciated in reviews, while the limited configuration options, slow speed (in the non-SSD models), non-user replaceable battery, small hard drive, and price were criticized.

Dan Ackerman of CNET commented on the original models, "the design and engineering that went into MacBook Air is extraordinary, but it's certainly a much more specialized product than the standard 13-inch MacBook." Ackerman disliked the limited internet connectivity, slow speed, small hard drive, battery, and the price of SSD hard-drive option, however, appreciated the thinness, sturdiness, and the MultiTouch gestures. Macworld's Jason Snell praised the portability, however commented that "the decision about whether the MacBook Air is a product worth having can be answered by 1 question: How much are you willing to compromise?"

MacBook Air's launch was accompanied by a television commercial emphasizing its slender design. In the commercial, a hand unthreads a manila envelope and slides out a MacBook Air, then opens it to wake it from sleep. The music playing is "New Soul" by Yael Naïm.

The Mitsubishi Pedion, released in 1998, was the thinnest "rectangular" laptop at 0.72 inches (1.84 cm) until the release of the Dell Adamo in March 2009, which is a rectangular laptop 0.65 inches (1.65 cm) thick. Although both these laptops are thinner than MacBook Air's thickest point (0.76 inches/1.94 cm), MacBook Air "tapers" from 0.16–0.76 inches (0.4–1.94 cm), leading to some controversy over the "thinnest" laptop.

The Sharp Actius MM10 Muramasas, a thin, tapered notebook, had a minimum height (thickness) of and a maximum height of . It was the thinnest tapered laptop until the release of MacBook Air in 2008. In March 2009, Dell challenged that claim with the release of the Dell Adamo XPS.

The flip-down hatch on the side of Mac Book Air is a tight fit for some headphone plugs and USB devices, requiring users to purchase an extension cable. Apple has removed the flip-down hatch on the Late 2010 model in favor of open connection ports as on other Mac books. Since the release of the first-generation product, some MacBook Air users have complained of overheating that caused CPU lockup. The effect can be seen at CPU temperatures as low as and worsens with higher temperatures. Apple released a software update in early March 2008 to fix the problem with mixed results: the deactivation of 1 CPU core appears to have been corrected; however, the runaway kernel problem remains for at least some users. The problem is aggravated by system-intensive tasks such as video playback or video chatting.


Darijo Srna

Darijo Srna (born 1 May 1982) is a Croatian former football player. He last played for Shakhtar Donetsk and Croatia national team.

63||4||||||||||63||4
133||10||24||4||63||2||220||16
196||14||24||4||63||2||283||20

!Total||71||18

Donbass Arena

Donbass Arena is a football stadium in Donetsk in Ukraine. It is home to the club F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk. It can hold up to 51,504 people and it is the biggest club stadium in Ukraine.


Mara Manzan

Mara Virgínia Manzan (28 May 1952 – 13 November 2009) was a Brazilian actress. At the age of 17, Mara, at the time living and studying in São Paulo, visited the Teatro Oficina, and, as she often jokingly said, never left it. There she made all kinds of backstage activities, until one day she had the chance to replace a sick actress in a play. In March 2008, acting as "Amara" in "Duas Caras", she discovered she was suffering from lung cancer, and was operated by surgeon Drauzio Varella on 16 April that year. The actress had already faced a cancer of the uterus and ovaries and had to undergo a radical hysterectomy. Her condition worsened and she died at the age 57. Mara Manzan died of pulmonary failure.




Madeline Kahn

Madeline Kahn (September 29, 1942 – December 3, 1999) was an American actress. She was known mainly for her comic roles in moviess such as "Paper Moon", "Young Frankenstein", "Blazing Saddles", "What's Up, Doc?," and "Clue". She made a guest appearance on "The Carol Burnett Show" and the "Cosby Show".

She was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She moved to New York City during her early childhood and died of ovarian cancer there. 

Keihin-Tōhoku Line

The Keihin-Tōhoku Line (京浜東北線 けいひんとうほくせん) is a railway line of East Japan Railway Company (JR East) that connects the cities of Saitama, Warabi, Kawaguchi, Tokyo, Kawasaki, and Yokohama.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Station is skipped when trains are in rapid service, which runs in non-peak hours (10:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.).


Shin-Yokohama Station

Shin-Yokohama Station (新横浜駅,しんよこはまえき) is a railway station of JR Central, JR East, and Yokohama Municipal Subway in Yokohama, Japan.


Hachiōji Station

Hachiōji Station(八王子駅,はちおうじえき) is a Railway station of East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in the city of Hachiōji, Tokyo, Japan.


Nuclear football

The nuclear football is the name given to a black briefcase which is carried along with the President of the United States at all times. Inside the briefcase are instruction manuals, a radio transmitter and authentication codes for the Emergency Broadcast System. The President can use the briefcase in case of emergency, to order the use of nuclear weapons. The briefcase is carried by a military aide for the President.


Hizbul Mujahideen

Hizb-ul-Mujahideen (HM) is one of the largest militant groups operating in Jammu and Kashmir from Azad Jammu and Kashmir and stands for the integration of the Disputed Territory and unification of all the Kashmir region with Pakistan. Since its formation the HuM has also wanted the Islamization of Kashmir.

The HuM was formed in 1989 in the Kashmir Valley with Master Ahsan Dar as its chief. Dar was later arrested by the Indian all-armed forces by mid-December 1993. It was reportedly formed as the militant wing of the Jamaat-e-Islami (JeI) at the behest of the Inter Services Intelligence (ISI), Pakistan’s external intelligence agency, to counter the Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF), which had advocated complete independence of the State from the nations. Many of the early Hizb cadres were former JKLF members.

Kalat, Pakistan

Qalat or Kalat () is a historical town in Kalat District, Balochistan, Pakistan. Qalat is the capital of "Qalat District" and is known locally as Qalat-e Baluch.

Qalat, formerly Qilat, is roughly in the center of Pakistani Balochistan, south and slightly west of the provincial capital Quetta. It was the capital of the Qalat Khanate. The Brahui population is almost completely Muslim.

Makran (princely state)

Makran was an autonomous princely state of both British India and Pakistan, which ceased to exist in 1955. It was located in the extreme southwest of Pakistan, an area occupied by the districts of Gwadar, Kech and Panjgur. The state did not include the enclave of Gwadar which was under Omani rule until 1958.

Kharan (princely state)

The State of Kharan was an autonomous princely state in British India (later Pakistan), in the southwest of modern Pakistan. It was established about the year 1697 CE. In 1948, the state was integrated into Pakistan's "West Pakistan". In 1971, East Pakistan became Bangladesh, and West Pakistan was renamed to "Pakistan". Since then, the state is organised as the Kharan District of Balochistan.

Amb (princely state)

Amb was a princely state of the former British Raj. It governed itself (it had autonomy), but was under the overall suzerainty of the British monarch. Amb was ruled by a hereditary prince with the title of Nawab. The Nawab of Amb was the chieftain of the Tanoli tribe of Pashtun from Ghilji confederation in the Hazara. In the Partition of India in 1947, the Nawab of Tanolis/TanoKhel gave up the independence the state had previously enjoyed by joining the new country of Pakistan. Amb continued as a distinct state within Pakistan until 1969, when it was merged into the former North-West Frontier Province. The royal status of the Nawab was abolished by the Government of Pakistan in 1972.

The area in which Amb was located is historically known as Tanawal. This is in the Hazara region in what is now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The part covered by Amb is called "Upper Tanawal", and is now part of Mansehra District. "Lower Tanawal" is in the Abbottabad District. The name "Tanawal" comes from the name of the tribe that lives there, the Tanoli (or Tanawali). The Tanoli are Muslims. They speak Hindko.

Amb and the area around it have a long history, which goes back to the time of the invasion of the region by Alexander the Great. A settlement called Embolina, located on the Indus River, is mentioned in writings by Arrian and Ptolemy. This is the place from which the Nawabs of Amb took their title.

Amb was once formally known as Mulk e Tanawal (meaning the country of Tanawal). The early history of the region goes back to the centuries before the Mughal Empire. In the early 14th century, the Tanoli or Tanawali tribe arrived here from Central Asia, after coming through Afghanistan. They conquered it and settled here on the banks of the river Indus and a wide area around it, which thus came to be known as Tanawal.

From early on, the Tanawal area stayed mostly free from the influence of the Mughals and Sikhs and later had only limited contact with British. The people of Tanawal thus had little or no contact with other places for a long period and remained ignorant and backward. At most times, they would resist outside authority, preferring to be ruled by their own chiefs at a local level. Until the late-18th or early-19th centuries, Tanawal was not one state. It was rather an area where several important Tanoli chiefs had authority over an area of influence. The Hindwal section chiefs remained stronger than the other. In 1772, Mir Haibat Khan, the eldest son of Mir Gul Muhammad Khan, was declared to be the chief of Upper Tanawal. Later, his descendants were made as the Nawabs of Amb under the British Raj, and continued ruling over this territory until 1972.

The rulers of Amb belonged to the Hindwal branch of the Tanoli. The Tanoli are of Mughal ancestry. The rulers are descendants of a Barlas Turk probably named Ameer Khan Turk but authentic records of the tribe no longer exist beyond the 18th century.

The Nawabs, or rulers of Amb were:

The concept of hereditary rulerships was abolished in Pakistan on 1 January 1972. It was done by a change to the constitution. This meant that the Nawab of Amb would no longer be recognised as a ruler. They could also no longer use their old styles and titles.

The current head of the old/former royal family is Salahuddin Saeed Khan, since 1973. He is the son of the last Nawab and is allowed to use the courtesy title of 'Nawabzada' (son of a Nawab).

Phulra

Phulra was a minor princely state of both Pakistan and British India, in the modern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It was east of the nearby princely Amb. Both states ended in 1950 when they were merged into the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. There is some dispute as to whether Phulra ranked as a full princely state or as a minor noble estate ("jagir") of the Indian Empire.

At present, Phulra is a small town and union council in Mansehra District, Hazara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. 

Chitral (princely state)

Chitral (or Chitrāl); was a former princely state of Pakistan and British India which ceased to exist in 1969. The area of the state now forms the Chitral District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Shahzada Ghaziuddin (Prince of Nagar) was a graduate from Aligarh university India. he was the son of Shuja ul mulk (Mehtar of Chitral) He was highly intelligent man and due to his intelligence, bravery, kind, loving nature was highly recognised. He was given the jagir of Nagar, Ursoon, patai, sweer, arandu, ziarat etc. Nagar fort was the winter resort of H.H Sir Shuja Ul Mulk.

Dir (princely state)

Dir was a small former princely state in the modern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan. The state ceased to exist in 1969 when it was incorporated into Pakistan. The area once occupied by the state (5,282 km²) now forms two districts of Pakistan - Upper Dir and Lower Dir. The two districts were part of Malakand Division until divisions were abolished as an administrative tier.

Hunza (princely state)

Hunza () was a former princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas, of Pakistan, which existed until 1974. The state bordered the Gilgit Agency to the south, the former princely state of Nagar to the east, Chinese Turkistan to the north and Afghanistan to the northwest. The state capital was the town of Baltit (also known as Karimabad). The area of Hunza now forms the Aliabad Tehsil of Hunza-Nagar District.

Nagar (princely state)

Nagar () was a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan, which existed until 1974. The state bordered the Gilgit Agency to the south and west, and the former princely state of Hunza to the north and east. The state capital was the town of Nagar. The area of Nagar now forms three tehsils of Nagar District. Nagar along with Gilgit and Baltistan is falsely claimed by the Republic of India as so-called part of the state of Jammu and Kashmir.

Polyurethane

Polyurethane is a polymer. Its name is often shortened to "PU" or "PUR". Polyurethane is made of organic units, which are joined by urethane. Polyurethane polymers are formed through step-growth polymerization. In this process, a monomer containing at least two isocyanate functional groups reacts with another monomer containing at least two hydroxyl (alcohol) groups in the presence of a catalyst.

Polyurethane is available with different levels of stiffness, hardness or densities. Examples for such materials are:

Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating, rigid foam insulation panels, microcellular foam seals and gaskets, durable elastomeric wheels and tires, automotive suspension bushings, electrical potting compounds, high performance adhesives and sealants, Spandex fibers, seals, gaskets, carpet underlay, and hard plastic parts.

Polyurethane products are often called "urethanes". They should not be confused with the specific substance urethane, also known as ethyl carbamate. Polyurethanes are not produced from ethyl carbamate, nor do they contain it.

Violetta Villas

Violetta Villas (born 10 June 1938 - 5 December 2011) was a Polish singer, actress, composer and songwriter. She was born in Verviers, Belgium. Her voice was a coloratura soprano which spans 4.7 octaves. In 1960s she was the star of revues in Paris, New York and Las Vegas. She died in Lewin Klodzki, Poland.

Yutaka Fukufuji

Yutaka Fukufuji (born September 17, 1982) is a Japanese professional ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Nikkō Ice Bucks of the Asia League. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings with the 238th overall pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut with the Kings on January 13, 2007 and became the first Japanese player to start in a NHL game on January 16, 2007. He returned to the Bakersfield Condors on September 10, 2007. He signed a contract with the Destil Trappers of the Eredivisie and played a full season with them before returning to Japan in 2010 to play with the Nikkō Ice Bucks.

XFL

XFL, LLC, operated as XFL, was a professional American football. The league was founded by Vince McMahon, owner of the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). The league was founded in 2000. The XFL was supposed to be a major professional sports league complement to the off-season of the NFL, but could not find an audience and folded after its first season. The first and only champions were the Los Angeles Xtreme. Both the WWF and NBC each lost a reported $35 million.


Urban Meyer

Urban Meyer III (born July 10, 1964) is an American college football TV analyst and former coach. He coached the Bowling Green Falcons, the Utah Utes, Florida Gators, and Ohio State Buckeyes. Meyer has also coached in the National Football League (NFL). He coached the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2021. 

During his time coaching in the NCAA, Meyer won three National championships. He won two while coaching Florida in 2006 and 2008 and won one while coaching Ohio State in 2014.

On January 14, 2021, the Jacksonville Jaguars hired Meyer as their new head coach. In October, a video surfaced of Meyer touching and dancing at his restaurant with a woman who was not his wife. Jaguars owner Shahid Khan was not happy and said that Meyer would need to earn their trust back. On December 18, kicker Josh Lambo said that accused Meyer of kicking him in the legs during practice. Lambo told Meyer to stop and Meyer responded "I'm the head ball coach. I'll kick you whenever the fuck I want." On December 16, 2021, Meyer was fired from his position as Jaguars head coach, finishing with a record of 2-11.

Rachael Yamagata

Rachael Yamagata (born September 23, 1974) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist. She is from Arlington, Virginia.

NCIS (TV series)

NCIS (also called NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service) is a crime-drama television series on CBS. It is about a team of special agents from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service in Washington, D.C. Their job is to investigate crimes involving the US Navy and Marine Corps. The series is a spin-off from "JAG" and has the spin-offs called "" and "".


NCIS

NCIS can refer to:

Cap-Haïtien

Cap-Haïtien, also known as "Le Cap", (Kréyòl: "Kap Ayisyen", "Okap") is a city in northern Haiti. It is the capital city of the Nord "Département".

The city is on the coast of the "Cap-Haïtien" Bay, on the Atlantic Ocean, about 260 km north of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. The central part of the city is between the bay to the east, and mountains to the west.

Cap-Haïtien is also the chief town of an "arrondissement" (a part of a department) with the same name. The "arrondissement" has three "communes" (a "commune" is like a municipality): Cap-Haïtien, Limonade and Quartier-Morin.

On the left side of the river Haut du Cap, Christopher Columbus built a small fort with the rest of the ship "Santa María" when it was destroyed on Christmas Day on 1492; he named the fort as "La Navidad" (in English, "Christmas").

The region around the city had the Taíno name of "Guarico", the name used by the Spanish colonists for the region and the new city. When French people came from the Tortuga Island to live here, they founded the city in 1670 and the French King Louis XIV named the place as "Cap-Français" in 1711; it was then the capital city of the "Saint-Domingue" colony until 1770 when Port-au-Prince became the new capital city.

The town was destroyed by Spanish people in January 1691, after the Battle of La Limonade; La Limonade is a savanna just to the east of Cap-Haïtien. Later, in 1695, the town was again destroyed by Spanish and English soldiers.

Haiti, known as "Saint-Domingue" during colonial times, was the richest colony of France, and Cap-Français was the richest city in the colony. The city was known then as the "Paris of the west".

During the Haitian Revolution, there was a battle on 18 November 1803 in Vertières, near Cap-Haïtien. In this battle, the army of Jean-Jacques Dessalines defeated a French colonial army led by the Comte de Rochambeau, leading to the independence of Haiti on 1 January 1804.
After the Haitian independence, the country was divided in two parts and the northern part was made a kingdom by Henri Christophe and the name of the city was changed to "Cap-Henry". Christophe made Milot, a town 15 km to the south of the city, the capital of his kingdom.

The city was named "Cap-Haïtien" after the death of Christophe and when Haiti became again one country.

Cap-Haïtien is a very important port of northern Haiti; there is also an airport.



Torrie Wilson

Torrie Anne Wilson (born July 24, 1975 in Boise, Idaho) is a retired professional wrestler. She was best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment. She's a former WWE Women's Champion. She has also modeled for Playboy magazine.


Mark Driscoll

Mark Driscoll (born October 11, 1970) is an American pastor and author. He is the co-founder and pastor for preaching of Mars Hill Church in Seattle, Washington. Driscoll also co-founded the Acts 29 Network Church Building Network, and has written articles for the "Faith and Values" section of the "Seattle Times" newspaper. He also helped start "The Resurgence", a collection of missionary theology resources.

He was born in Grand Forks, North Dakota and in 1989, he graduated from Highline High School in Burien, Washington, where he was the student body president and also wrote for the school newspaper. He earned a bachelor's degree in communications from Washington State University with a minor in philosophy and holds a Master of Arts degree in exegetical theology from Western Seminary.


Alun Michael

Alun Michael born August 22, 1943, is a Welsh politician. He graduated from Keele University. He was the First Minister of Wales. He also was the first Minister of the National Assembly for Wales.

He was a journalist for the South Wales Echo from 1966 to 1971.

Vatra Dornei

Vatra Dornei is a city, spa, and resort in Suceava County, Romania. It contains the city proper and three villages: Argestru, Roşu and Todireni.


Long-nosed bandicoot

The long-nosed bandicoot, "Perameles nasuta", is a member of the bandicoot family which lives along the east coast of Australia from Victoria to Queensland. They are also found on the island of Tasmania. There are four species of long-nosed bandicoots, but "Perameles nasuta" is found in forests and rainforests. It has the shortest gestation and highest reproduction rate of all mammals.

They live in small hidden nests, in among shrubs, hollow logs, or old rabbit burrows. Bandicoots are protected by law, but the areas they like to live in have been cleared for farming or housing. They are also hunted by dogs, cats and foxes. Rabbits have eaten many of the plants and made it unsuitable for bandicoots. Around Sydney, they listed as an endangered species.

The long-nosed bandicoot is a small animal, from 20—42.5 cm long with a thin rat like tail, from 7.5—17 cm in length. They weigh between 0.5—1.9kg. They are covered in coarse grey to brown fur, sometimes with a hint of yellow or orange. Their underbelly is a cream color. Being a marsupial the females have a rear opening pouch to carry their young. They have five clawed toes fingers on their front legs.

The long-nosed bandicoot lives by itself, often chasing away other bandicoots. Their breeding season depends on the region in which they live. The female gives birth to two or three young after a short gestation period of 12 days. The tiny babies, blind and hairless, about 13mm in length, then move to the pouch where they are able to drink milk from the females eight nipples. They leave the pouch at about 54 days. The female is then ready to breed again. they live for between three and five years.

The long-nosed bandicoot is a nocturnal animal, coming out at night to find and eat insects, beetles, snails, worms, mice, lizards and tree roots. They are able to smell their food to find it. They use their front claws to dig a hole big enough to get their long nose in to find the food. They can be very unpopular in urban areas for digging up gardens. While looking for food they make a shrill high pitched squeak.

Euroa

Euroa is a town in north-east Victoria, Australia about 147 kilometers from Melbourne. It is close to the Strathbogie Ranges. In 2006 there were 2,776 people living in the town. The name "Euroa" comes from an Aboriginal word meaning "joyful".

Major Mitchell camped on the banks of the Seven Creeks at Euroa during his 1836 expedition from Sydney.
The Post Office opened on 1 January 1854 as the township was settled. Euroa became famous when the bank was robbed by Ned Kelly on December 10, 1878. The Kelly Gang got away with about £2000. There are a number of historic buildings still standing in Euroa. These include the Farmers Arms Hotel which was built in 1876, and is now used as a museum. Other buildings are the post office (1890), the old National Bank buildings (1885), the Euroa Hotel (1884) and Blairgowrie House (1890). The first church built in Euroa was the Catholic Church (1867).

The Euroa court house was built in 1892 at a cost of £1354. It was designed by architect J.T.Kelleher, but many now believe it was the work of A.J.McDonald. The court house was closed in 1989.

Sheep farming was a major business, with fine wool Saxon merino sheep being introduced in 1851. Farmers are now making more money from horses.

Euroa is roughly midway between Melbourne and Albury. The area is very flat, although the Strathbogie Ranges about 20 km south east of the town.

Euroa has several retirement villages, one high school, and two primary schools. The Shire of Strabogie is based in Euroa.

The main road from Melbourne northward is the Hume Highway. A by-pass was built around the town and since then Euroa has been a quiet town with little growth or business.

The town is located on the main North East railway, and is served by V/Line passenger services.

The town has an Australian Rules Football team, the "Euroa Magpies", competing in the Goulburn Valley Football League.

Golfers play at the course of the Euroa Golf Club on Walters Road.

Three winners of the Victoria Cross for Australia came from the Euroa area:




Ralph Almas

Ralph Clayton "Red" Almas (April 26, 1924 - May 13, 2001) was a professional Canadian ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League. He wore the jersey number "1".

Craig Anderson (ice hockey)

Craig Anderson (born May 21, 1981 in Park Ridge, Illinois) is a former American professional ice hockey goaltender. He played a total of 20 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Florida Panthers, Colorado Avalanche, Ottawa Senators, Washington Capitals and Buffalo Sabres.

On April 13, 2023, Anderson retired from playing professional ice hockey.


Dušan Petković

Dušan Petković (born 13 June 1974) is a former Serbian football player. He has played for Serbia national team.

124||7
25||1
12||2
26||3
22||3
209||16

!Total||7||1

Paulinho McLaren

Paulo César Vieira Rosa (born 28 September 1963) is a Brazilian professional athlete. He is best known as a football player.

10||2
10||2

Diego Lugano

Diego Lugano (born 2 November 1980) is a former Uruguayan football player. He plays for Fenerbahçe and Uruguay national team.

Nacional

São Paulo

Fenerbahçe
Uruguay
Individual

KFC Uerdingen 05

KFC Uerdingen 05 is a football club from the Uerdingen district of Krefeld in Germany. The club plays in the NRW-Liga, which is the 5th division in Germany.

The club was founded on 17 November 1905 as FC Uerdingen 05. In 1953 it merged with 1983 and 1995. In 1985 they won the German Cup. The next year they reached the semifinals of the UEFA Cup winners cup. In 1988 they won the German Indoor Cup. In 1995 they lost their main sponsor the Bayer AG and had financial problems. They were relegated the next years to the Regionalliga Nord (3rd division). Because they got no licence they were relegated to Oberliga Nordrhein (4th division) At the moment they play in the NRW-Liga.


"As of 17 April 2011"


German Cup: 1985

UEFA Intertoto Cup: 1988, 1990, 1991, 1992

European Cup Winners' Cup: Semi-finals 1986


FC St. Pauli

F.C. St. Pauli 1910 is a German sports club which plays in Sankt Pauli quarter of Hamburg/ Germany. It is part of a larger sports club with different sections. 2010 they were promoted to the Bundesliga but were relegated the same season. They play in the 2. German Bundesliga.

Correct as of 26 September 2012

In 2010, FC St. Pauli celebrated 100 years anniversary since the founding of FC Wed Pauli. At present FC holds mostly it's loyal fans, who are very active and come in large numbers both at home and away games. 18auf12 (officially registered fan club) written recorded with the artist Christoph Brüx the Birthdaysong "100 years FC St. Pauli - One Hundred Beers for You."

St. Pauli opens its home matches with "Hells Bells" by AC/DC, and after every home goal "Song 2" by Blur is played.


Arminia Bielefeld

DSC Arminia Bielefeld (; full name: ; commonly known as Arminia Bielefeld (), also known as "Die Arminen" or "Die Blauen" ), or just Arminia (), is a German sports club from Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia. Arminia offers the sports of football, field hockey, figure skating, and cue sports. The club has 12,000 members and the club colours are black, white and blue. Arminia's name comes from the Cheruscan chieftain Arminius, who defeated a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest.





Alemannia Aachen

The Aachener Turn- und Sportverein Alemannia 1900 (known as Alemannia Aachen) is a football club which plays in Germany's Regionalliga. The club is based in Aachen. The name Alemannia should stress being from the west of Germany. The club was founded in 1900 by students who played football.

Alemannia Aachen used to play at the "Old Tivoli" stadium which had a capacity of 21,632 spectators (3,632 seats). It was built in 1908 and was renovated several times. The club played its 2004 UEFA Cup matches, however, in Cologne's RheinEnergieStadion.
In August 2009 the new stadium, the "New Tivoli" was opened, which has a capacity of 32,960 spectators (11,681 in standing areas).

"Alemannia" has the strange nickname of the "Potato Beetles". This is because of their striped yellow-black jerseys, which make them look like the beetles

1. FC Saarbrücken

1. FC Saarbrücken is a football club that plays in Germany. They represened Saarland at the 1955–56 European Cup

Ataliba

Carlos Eduardo Soares (born 2 March 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

Hiroyuki Ishida

Hiroyuki Ishida (born 31 August 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Fujieda MY.

21||2||0||0||0||0||21||2
20||6||||||||||20||6
81||8||||||||||81||8
5||0||||||||||5||0
127||16||0||0||0||0||127||16

Eijun Kiyokumo

Kiyokumo was born in Koshu on September 11, 1950. After graduating from Hosei University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Furukawa Electric in 1973. In 1976, the club won the champions in Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. The club also won 1977 and 1982 JSL Cup. He retired in 1982. He played 149 games and scored 6 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1974, 1975 and 1976.

On September 28, 1974, Kiyokumo debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. He played at 1976 Summer Olympics qualification, 1978 World Cup qualification and 1980 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 42 games for Japan until 1980.

After retirement, Kiyokumo became a manager for Furukawa Electric (later "JEF United Ichihara") as Masao Uchino successor in 1984. He led the club to won 1985/86 Japan Soccer League, 1986 JSL Cup. In Asia, the club won 1986 Asian Club Championship. This is first Asian champion as a Japanese club. He resigned in 1990. In 1992, he served an assistant coach for Japan national team under manager Hans Ooft. In 1994, he returned to JEF United Ichihara and managed the club until 1995. In 1998, became a manager for Japan U-20 national team. In 1999, he signed with Omiya Ardija and became a general manager. In October 2003, he became a manager as Masaaki Kanno successor.

149||6
149||6

!Total||42||0

Tennis Borussia Berlin

Tennis Borussia Berlin is a football club which plays in Germany. It is a local team in the sixth tier of the German football league system.

Bayer 04 Leverkusen

Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH, also known as Bayer 04 Leverkusen (German: [ˌbaɪ̯ɐ ˈleːvɐˌkuːzn̩]), Bayer Leverkusen, or simply Bayer, is a professional football club based in Leverkusen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The club competes in the Bundesliga, the top tier of German football, and plays its home matches at the BayArena.


FC 08 Homburg

FC 08 Homburg is a football club which plays in Germany.

SV Darmstadt 98

SV Darmstadt 98 is a football club which plays in Germany.

Stuttgarter Kickers

SV Stuttgarter Kickers is a football club which plays in Germany.

Svealand

Svealand is the central region in Sweden. It consists of the historical provinces of Dalarna, Närke, Södermanland, Uppland, Värmland, Västmanland.

Mo Lewis

Morris "Mo" C. Lewis (born October 21, 1969 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a retired American football player. He played for the New York Jets.

Goro (Mortal Kombat)

Goro is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" fighting game franchise by Midway Games and NetherRealm Studios. He debuted as the sub-boss of the original 1992 Mortal Kombat and has also been featured as a sub-boss in the home ports of "Mortal Kombat 4" (1997), the 2011 reboot, and "Mortal Kombat X" (2015). The character is a Shokan, a half-human, half-dragon race distinguished by their four arms and enormous size. Goro begins the series as champion of the eponymous Mortal Kombat tournament, a title he has held for 500 years. He is generally depicted in a villainous role, fighting for Outworld against Earthrealm's warriors.

An iconic figure in the franchise, Goro is regarded as one of the most memorable and difficult bosses in video game history. He has appeared in various media outside of the games.

He was portrayed by Kevin Michael Richardson in a 1995 movie.

Pavle, Serbian Patriarch

Patriarch Pavle (Paul), The Walking Saint/ (; 11 September 1914 - 15 November 2009) was the 44th Patriarch of the Serbian Orthodox Church. He was the spiritual leader of Eastern Orthodox Serbs from 1990 to his death. His full title was "His Holiness the Archbishop of Peć, Metropolitan of Belgrade and Karlovci, Serbian Patriarch Pavle". He was the oldest living leader of an Eastern Orthodox church. In later years he was in bad health and for this reason, he had to spend his last years in a Military Medical Academy in Belgrade. During this time, his duties were done by Metropolitan Amfilohije.

Eurytides

Eurytides is a genus of butterflies. "Eurytides" is in the family Papilionidae. 

The species in this genus are native to North America, Central America, and South America.

Ōshima

Oshima() is a Japanese word which means big island. Japan has several places called Oshima:

Tōkaidō Shinkansen

The Tōkaidō Shinkansen () is a high speed railway line of Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central) in Japan. It is also the first high speed railway line in the world, and it marked the start of the Shinkansen technology.

There are three types of trains serving this route. When the Tōkaidō Shinkansen started operations in 1972, only "Hikari" and "Kodama" were serving this line. Among the two trains types, "Kodama" trains stop at all stations, while the "Hikari" trains skip some of the stations to make the travel shorter. In early 1990s, "Nozomi" was added to the service. "Nozomi" trains skips even more stations then the "Hikari", which is now the fastest service on this route.

Manuel Neuer

Manuel Peter Neuer ( ]; born 27 March 1986) is a German footballer. He is the goalkeeper for FC Bayern Munich and Germany national team.

Neuer started playing for the youth teams of Schalke 04 when he was five years old. On 19 August 2006 he played his first match in the Bundesliga. Because he was very good, he replaced Frank Rost as Schalke's number one. Rost left Schalke in 2007 and plays now for the New York Red Bulls.

On 1 June 2011 Schalke and Bayern Munich announced that Neuer would move to Bayern Munich in July 2011. There he signed a five-year contract that will last until June 2016. The transfer was worth €18 million, therefore making him the third most expensive goalkeeper of all time. During the 2014 FIFA World Cup Neuer made some world class saves and only conceded a few goals during the tournament, but in the European qualifiers he conceded 2 major goals in a 2-0 loss to Poland. Despite injuries in the 2017 - 2018 season, he was picked to be Germany's number one goalkeeper at the 2018 World Cup until their early exit following a 2 - 0 loss to South Korea. T

he result led to Germany’s earliest World Cup exit since the 1930s loss to Switzerland.

Neuer has also played for all of the youth teams of the Germany national football team from the Under-18 team and on. On 2 June 2009, he played for the first time in the senior team against the United Arab Emirates.

Neuer was selected as Germany's number one for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. The star goalkeeper is considered one of the world’s best goalkeepers as he won the IFFHS World’s Best Goalkeeper from 2013 to 2016. He also won the FIFA best goalkeeper award following Germany’s victory at the 2014 FIFA World Cup. In addition, he also finished third behind Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi at the 2014 FIFA Ballon d’Or Award.

The following season, his power saving skills helped Schalke to advance to the quarter-finals of the UEFA Champions League; thus emerging UEFA Club Goalkeeper of the Year.

Given the captain band of the Schalke team in 2010, Manuel led the team to the Champions League semi-final that year and after the 2011/12 season, he ended his career with Schalke. Joining Bayern Munich in June 2011, Manuel Neuer has been the first choice goalkeeper for the club and has led the team to win several championships.


Tim Wiese

Tim Wiese (born 17 December 1981 in Bergisch Gladbach) is a German former football player.

Wiese started to play football as a child at "DJK Dürscheid". Later he came to the youth teams of Bayer Leverkusen, where he started to play as a goalkeeper. In 1999 he came to Fortuna Köln in "Regionalliga Nord", which was the third highest football league at that time. In 2002 he came to Kaiserslautern and played in 65 Bundesliga matches for them.

On 19 November 2008 he played in the German national team for the first time. It was a friendly match against England, which was lost 2-1. In 2012 he left Bremen and became keeper and captain of TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.

He left Hoffenheim on 21 January 2014.

Werder Bremen

Germany

Individual

Andreas Beck

Andreas Beck (born 13 March 1987 in Kemerovo, Soviet Union) is a German footballer.

Beck was born in Siberia as a Russian German and came to West Germany in 1990. He started to play football in Königsbronn and Aalen in eastern Baden-Württemberg. In 2000, he came to the youth teams of VfB Stuttgart. His first match in the Bundesliga was on 11 February 2006. He played in four matches of the 2006-07 Bundesliga season and won the German Championship with Stuttgart.

In summer 2008 he went to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, a team which was new in the Bundesliga. On 11 February 2009, he played in his first international match for the German national football team. It was a friendly match against Norway. He became Hoffenheim's second player who played for Germany (the first was Marvin Compper in 2008).

VfB Stuttgart

Beşiktaş

Germany U21

King's Men (playing company)

The King's Men was a company of actors. William Shakespeare belonged to it through most of his career. During the rule of Queen Elizabeth I, they were known as "The Lord Chamberlain's Men". They became "The King's Men" in 1603 when King James I had the throne and became the company's patron. All acting groups had to have a licence to perform, and the licence was usually owned by an important nobleman. Another company of actors at the time was "The Admiral's Men" supported by Lord Howe, the Lord High Admiral of England.

Jérôme Boateng

Jérôme Agyenim Boateng (born 3 September 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.

Boateng's mother is German, his father was from Ghana. He began to play football at Tennis Borussia Berlin and came to the youth teams of Hertha BSC Berlin in 2002. On 31 January 2007 he had his first Bundesliga match against Hannover 96. His half-brother, Kevin-Prince Boateng, played also for Hertha BSC at that time.

In 2007, Boateng came to Hamburger SV. In season 2008-09, he played with them in the semi-finals of DFB-Pokal and UEFA Cup, but lost both times against SV Werder Bremen. 

Boateng was a member of the German Under-21 team who won the UEFA Under-21 European Championship in June 2009. On 10 October 2009, he had his first match in Germany's senior football team against Russia. There he had to leave the football field when he saw his second yellow card after 69 minutes.


Hertha BSC

Hertha BSC is a German football club based in Berlin. They started in 1892. Hertha Berlin was one of the founding clubs of the DFB (Deutscher Fußball Bund or German Football Association) in Leipzig in 1900.

"BFC Hertha 92" (Berlin Foortbal Club Hertha 92) was formed in 1892. Its name and team colours were taken from a steamship with a blue and white funnel. One of the men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father. Hertha is a variation on the name Nerthus, a Germanic fertility goddess.

Hertha always played well, but were not financially successful. They won the first Berlin championship final in 1905. Because of money troubles in 1920 Hertha merged with the richer "Berliner Sport-Club" to form Hertha Berliner Sport Club. The new team was still successful, but never the best. Hertha BSC was in the German championship final every year from 1926 to 1930, but were only able to win in 1930. Hertha and BSC split in 1930, and Hertha won the championship again in 1931.

"Hertha" was Germany's second most successful team during the inter-war years.

German football was re-organized under the Third Reich in 1933 into sixteen top-flight divisions, which saw "Hertha" playing in the Gauliga Berlin-Brandenburg. The club continued to be successful in their division, regularly finishing in the upper half of the table and capturing the divisional title in 1935, 1937, and 1944. However, they did not do well nationally, and never got past the early rounds of the national championshipships.

After World War II, occupying Allied authorities banned most organisations in Germany, including sports and football clubs. "Hertha" restarted at the end of 1945 as "SG Gesundbrunnen" (named after a district of northern Berlin) and resumed play in the Oberliga Berlin - Gruppe C. The thirty-six teams of the first season of the postwar Oberliga Berlin were reduced to just 12 the next year and the club found itself out of first division football and playing in the Amateurliga Berlin. By the end of 1949, they had become "Hertha BSC Berlin" again.

In the 1949/50 season the Soviets would not allow "Hertha" to play against East German teams, because they had signed some players and a coach who had left the Dresden club "SG Friedrichstadt" for West Berlin. A number of sides from the eastern half of the city were forced from the Oberliga Berlin to the newly established DDR-Liga beginning with the 1950-51 season.

Throughout the 1950's there was a rivalry with "Tennis Borussia Berlin", but the idea of the two merger between the two clubs in 1958 was rejected.

Hertha was a founder of the Bundesliga in 1963 and was Berlin's reigning champion. But Hertha was demoted after the 1964-65 season because the club had tried to bribe players to play in the city after the Berlin Wall had been built, and players did not want to move to the city. To keep a Berlin team in the Bundesliga, "Tasmania 1900 Berlin", were promoted instead. Tasmania were the worst side ever in the Bundesliga history. "Hertha" returned to the Bundesliga in 1968-69 and became Berlin's favourite side.

"Hertha" had to sell the team's former home ground in 1974 when investigations about the match fixing scandal of 1971 showed that the club was 6 million DM (€3 million) in debt.

The team continued to enjoy a fair measure of success during the 70s but gradually slipped down into the third tier Amateur Oberliga Berlin where they spent two seasons (1986-87 and 1987-88).

After two turns in the Bundesliga (1982-83 and 1990-91) Hertha was immediately relegated after poor performances. "Hertha"'s amateur side was more successful, getting to the final of the German Cup in 1993 where they lost 0:1 to Bundesliga side "Bayer Leverkusen".

By 1994 Hertha BSC was 10 million DM (€5 million) in debt. More land had to be sold and a new sponsor and management team were found. By 1997 "Hertha" got back into the Bundesliga. The y were the first Berlin club in 10 years to be in the top division. Since then they have generally finished in the top third of the Bundesliga.

Most recently, bright spots for the side have been a continuous string of appearances in international play in the UEFA Cup and the UEFA Champions League beginning in the 1999 season, and the signing of players such as Sebastian Deisler and Brazilian international Marcelinho, named the Bundesliga's player of the year in May of 2005. Hertha has also invested heavily in its own youth football academy, which has produced several players with Bundesliga potential.

The team was close to relegation in the 2003-04 season, but managed to finished 4th the following season. Hertha only missed out on the Champions League after they were held to a draw on the final day by Hannover 96, which saw Werder Bremen over take them for the spot on the final day. As a thank-you gesture, Werder sent the Hannover squad ninety-six bottles of champagne. In 2005-06 the "Herthaner" finished 6th, and qualified for the UEFA Cup by defeating FK Moskva in the Intertoto Cup.

"Hertha BSC" plays its matches in Berlin's Olympiastadion. It is biggest stadium in Germany except for "Borussia Dortmund"'s Westfalenstadion.

The Olympiastadion hosts the annual German Cup final and was the site for six matches of the 2006 FIFA World Cup as well as the tournament final.

From 1904 to 1963, "Hertha"'s home ground was the Plumpe in Wedding's Gesundbrunnen district. A new stadium was built there in 1923. "BSC" left that site when it joined the Bundesliga in 1963. It was the sale of the Plumpe site in 1974 helped the club avoid bankruptcy

In:

Out:



Russell Peters

Russell Dominic Peters (born September 29, 1970) is a Canadian comedian from Toronto. He goes around the world performing his comedy act. In 2008, he hosted the Juno Awards.


Miguel Magno

Miguel Magno (28 March 1951 – 17 August 2009) was a Brazilian actor, director and author.
Was known for playing female roles. Magno came to the role of 11 different women characters in the play Quem tem medo de Itália Fausta (Who's Afraid of Itália Fausta?).
The actor had consistent theatrical career as an actor, director and playwright. Was co-founder of the Teatro Orgânico Aldebarã, in the 70's.

In 2009 Miguel Magno was invited by Miguel Falabella character to another woman: Dr. Perci of "Toma Lá, Dá Cá". The actor died on 17 August 2009, as a result of a cancer at the age of 58. Was hospitalized since July in the Hospital Paulistano.




Eddie Hazel

Edward Earl "Eddie" Hazel (April 10, 1950 – December 23, 1992) was an American guitarist. He is most famous for working with Parliament-Funkadelic. 

"Maggot Brain" by Parliament-Funkadelic is one of Hazel's most famous songs and has a ten-minute guitar solo. In 2008 Rolling Stone Magazine listed Maggot Brain as number 60 on its list of the "100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time".

In the mid 1970s Hazel was also a member of The Temptations and recorded two albums with the group.

Through his career Hazel had problems with drug and alcohol addiction. In 1974, Hazel was arrested for hitting an airplane stewardess as well as a drug charge. He spent some time in jail.

In 1977 he released his only solo album.

In 1992 Eddie Hazel died from internal bleeding and his liver failed. This was caused by stomach problems due to his alcoholism and drug abuse. The song "Maggot Brain" was played at his funeral.

In 1997, five years after his death, Hazel was made a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Parliament-Funkadelic.

In 2023, "Rolling Stone" ranked Hazel at no. 29 in its list of 250 of the greatest guitarists of all time.

Parliament (band)

Parliament was a funk and soul group from the United States. They were started in 1968 by George Clinton.

Booker T (wrestler)

Booker T. Huffman Jr. (born March 1, 1965 in Houston, Texas), better known by his ring name Booker T, is an American retired professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, working on their NXT brand as a commentator and also founded and owns his wrestling promotion, Reality Of Wrestling. Aside from WWE, he is also known for wrestling for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) from 1993-2001 and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2007-2009. 

Booker T has held many championships in his career. He most famously is a six-time world champion (five-time WCW Champion and one time WWE World Heavyweight Champion), an 18-time tag team champion (13 times teaming with his brother Stevie Ray as Harlem Heat), a six-time WCW Television Champion, a four-time United States champion, and the winner of the 2006 King of the Ring. In January 2011 he returned to WWE as a surprise entrant during the Royal Rumble. He is one of seven men to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame two times.



Mandelbrot set

The Mandelbrot set is an example of a fractal in mathematics. It is named after Benoît Mandelbrot, a Polish-French-American mathematician. The Mandelbrot set is important for chaos theory. The edging of the set shows a self-similarity, which is perfect, but because of the minute detail, it looks like it evens out. 

The Mandelbrot set can be explained with the equation formula_1. In that equation, formula_2 and formula_3 are complex numbers and formula_4 is zero or a positive integer (natural number). Starting with formula_5, formula_2 is in the Mandelbrot set if the absolute value of formula_7 never becomes larger than a certain number (that number depends on formula_2), no matter how large formula_4 gets. 

Mandelbrot was one of the first to use computer graphics to create and display fractal geometric images, leading to his discovering the Mandelbrot set in 1979. That was because he had access to IBM's computers. He was able to show how visual complexity can be created from simple rules. He said that things typically considered to be "rough", a "mess" or "chaotic", like clouds or shorelines, actually had a "degree of order". The equation formula_1 was known long before Benoit Mandelbrot used a computer to visualize it.

Images are created by applying the equation to each pixel in an iterative process, using the pixel's position in the image for the number 'c'. 'c' is obtained by mapping the position of the pixel in the image relative to the position of the point on the complex plane.

The shape of the Mandelbrot Set is represented in black in the image on this page.

For example, if formula_11 then the sequence is formula_12 which goes to infinity. Therefore, 1 is not an element of the Mandelbrot set, and thus is not coloured black.

On the other hand, if formula_2 is equal to the square root of -1, also known as i, then the sequence is formula_14 which does not go to infinity and so it belongs to the Mandelbrot set.

When graphed to show the entire Set, the resultant image is striking, pretty, and quite recognizable.

There are many variations of the Mandelbrot set, such as Multibrot, Buddhabrot, and Nebulabrot.

Multibrot is a generalization that allows any exponent: formula_15. These sets are called Multibrot sets. The Multibrot set for "d" = 2 is the Mandelbrot set.

Gilbert Arenas

Gilbert Jay Arenas Jr. (born January 6, 1982 ) is an Cuban-American basketball player who last played for the Shanghai Sharks. He also played for the Golden State Warriors from 2001 to 2002 and the Washington Wizards from 2003 to 2010. He went to University of Arizona for college. In 2010, he got arrested for pulling a gun on Javaris Crittendon, a teammate. Gilbert Jay Arenas, Jr. is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Shanghai Sharks of the Chinese Basketball Association.

Liteni

Liteni is a town found in Suceava County, Romania.

Taijutsu

Taijutsu is a martial art that relies on speed and strength.

Wilf Cude

Wilf Reginald Cude (4 July 1910 – 5 May 1968) was a NHL ice hockey centre who played 10 seasons for numerous NHL teams. Cude learned to play hockey in Winnipeg. He led the Detroit Red Wings to their first Stanley Cup finals although they lost to the Chicago Black Hawks three games to one in a best-of-five series.


Paul Goodman

Paul Goodman (November 8, 1908 – October 1, 1959) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons for the Chicago Black Hawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He won the Stanley Cup in 1938 with the Chicago Black Hawks.


United Center

United Center (nicknamed ""The Madhouse on Madison II"",""The UC"" and ""The House That Jordan Built"") is a sports arena located in Chicago, Illinois. The arena opened in 1994, and right now the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA) play there. There is a statue of Michael Jordan on the east side of the arena.
The Bulls and Blackhawks moved to the United Center in 1994. This was a change for both organizations as they had previously played in the older Chicago Stadium for many years. The Blackhawks, previously also called the Chicago Stadium Corporation, rather than the Bulls, were the actual owners of both the previous Chicago Stadium and now the United Center.

Baqubah

Baqubah or Baquba is a village in the Middle Eastern country of Iraq.

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 is a first-person shooter video game. It is the sixth game in the "Call of Duty" series. The game is available on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 consoles, and on the Microsoft Windows operating system. The game was revealed on February 11, 2009 and released on November 10, 2009. 

The game offers three game modes: a campaign single-player mode (lasting about 6 hours), a "Special Ops" mode for replay value over the campaign where the player or players can collect stars (like in a Mario game), and a multiplayer mode (online and offline). The online mode is why most people play "Call of Duty". The previous "" broke "World of Warcraft"'s record of 11 million people online by 2 million on Xbox 360 alone. "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2" managed to sell 1.2 million copies in its first day of release in the UK.

The game sold 22 million copies worldwide. 



Quake III: Arena

Quake III: Arena is a video game in the "Quake" series. It has been published from 1999, for Microsoft Windows and other platforms.

It is a first person shooter and its main goal is to kill ("frag") other players using various weapons. You can fight against computer-guided characters ("bots") in singleplayer mode, or against human players in multiplayer mode (via LAN or Internet).

There are four game modes:

You can install many expansions for this game: new levels and new characters, or entire "mods" (light or heavy "modifications" of the game, with new items, rules, weapons...).

Some MODs:

Four Horsemen (professional wrestling)

The Four Horsemen were a very popular professional wrestling stable in the National Wrestling Alliance and World Championship Wrestling. They debuted 1986 and disbanded 1999, The original members of the stable were Ric Flair, Arn Anderson, Tully Blanchard, and Ole Anderson. The stable is named after Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.

The stable was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Dusty Rhodes in 2012.


NHL 10

NHL 10 is a ice hockey video game developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports. It was released on September 15, 2009 for North America and September 18, 2009 for Europe all for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Patrick Kane is the cover athlete for the North American version of "NHL 10".


I Love Lucy

I Love Lucy is an American sitcom. It stars Lucille Ball, Desi Arnaz, Vivian Vance, and William Frawley. It was written by television writer Bob Schiller. The black-and-white series first ran from 15 October 1951 to 6 May 1957 on CBS. Even after the series ended in 1957, it continued for three more seasons with 13 one-hour specials. This show ran from 1957 to 1960. It was known first as "The Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Show" and later in reruns as "The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour".

The series is about two married couples living in New York City: Ricky and Lucy Ricardo, and oldsters Fred and Ethel Mertz. They all live in the same apartment building. Ricky is a nightclub band leader. Lucy is a housewife. Many episodes revolve around Lucy's attempts to get into Ricky's show. She often pulls Fred and Ethel into her schemes. In one episode, Lucy and Ethel are assembly line workers in a candy factory. They cannot keep up with packaging the candy so they eat it. In another episode, Lucy gets drunk on a health tonic while shooting a television commercial. Four or five episodes follow the couples on trips to Italy and to Hollywood. Ball and Arnaz were real-life husband and wife. They became the parents of a boy during the run of the series. This event was woven into the series. A child actor played their son "Little Ricky". Eventually they would all move to a rural area in Connecticut.

"I Love Lucy" was the most watched series in the United States in four of its six seasons. It was the first to end its run at the top of the Nielsen ratings. "I Love Lucy" is still syndicated in dozens of languages around the world. The series was the first scripted television program to be shot on 35 mm film in front of a studio audience. The show won five Emmy Awards, and received numerous nominations. In 2002, it ranked second on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time. In 2007, it was listed as one of "Time" magazine's "100 Best TV Shows of All-"TIME"." "I Love Lucy" remains very popular today. It is still seen by 40 million Americans each year.

Kingstown

Kingstown is the capital city of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The population of Kingstown as of 2008 is 24,518. Kingstown exports bananas, coconuts, and arrowroot. Kingstown was started as a settlement by the French a little after 1722. The botanical garden in Kingstown is one of the oldest ones in the Western Hemisphere.

Euphoria

Euphoria (from Ancient Greek , from εὖ (eu), "well", and φέρω (pherō), "to bear") is a mental and emotional condition which makes a person feel extremely happy, excited, and carefree. These feelings are much stronger and more intense than what a human would normally feel. However, some natural human behaviors can cause brief states of euphoria. For example, people may feel euphoric for a short time after orgasm, when in love, or after a very important athletic achievement. Sometimes, people can also feel euphoria during certain religious or spiritual rituals, or while meditating. More often, euphoria is caused by certain psychoactive drugs, mental illnesses, or medical problems. Euphoria is the opposite of dysphoria.

Euphoria can be caused by psychoactive drugs like cocaine and alcohol methamphetamines.

Some of the drugs that can cause euphoria are:







Euphoria can be a symptom of some mental illnesses. For example, euphoria is a common symptom of mania, an extreme, high-energy mood state which can happen with bipolar disorder and other mental health conditions.

Euphoria can also be a symptom of some medical problems. It is a common symptom of hypoxia. It is a dangerous symptom, because it can make a hypoxic person feel so good and carefree that they do not realise that they are not getting enough oxygen.

Euphoria can be a symptom of hyperthyroidism. It can also be caused by head injuries or conditions which affect the central nervous system, like syphilis and multiple sclerosis.

Sometimes, people feel euphoria when exercising. A well-known example is "runner's high," a state of euphoria and high energy that runners sometimes experience, especially during intense workouts. According to recent studies, intense exercise can cause the brain to release endorphins. These endorphins attach to the same brain receptors as opioid drugs, so they can cause the same euphoric effects as those drugs do. Unfortunately, this means that a person could get chemically addicted to consistent exercise, just as he or she might get addicted to opiates.

Shanxi

Shanxi (山西) is a province of the People's Republic China. It is in northern China. The Yellow River flows through it. The name "Shanxi" means "mountain's west" or "west of the mountains", as it is west of the Taihang Mountains.

Its major cities are its capital Taiyuan, Datong, Changzhi, and Yangquan.

The abbreviation of Shanxi is Jin (晋), since there is another province, Shandong (山东), that has the word "Shan" (山) in it, meaning "mountain" in Chinese.

Although in pinyin, the name of the neighboring province to the west, "Shaanxi", is spelled exactly the same as "Shanxi", the only difference in how the two words are pronounced is that the first syllable in "Shanxi" is said using the first tone in Mandarin, while the first syllable in "Shaanxi" is said with the third tone. Since tone markers are not usually used to show how to pronounce the two different names, the first word in "Shaanxi" is spelled using the Gwoyeu Romatzyh method instead, which indicates tones by adding extra letters to a syllable.

Mi Fu, poet

Mi Fei

Mi Fu (1051–1107), also known as Mi Fei was a Chinese painter, poet, and calligrapher born in Taiyuan, Shanxi during the Song Dynasty. His style of painting was misty landscapes. This style is the "Mi Fu" style uses large wet dots of ink. This ink is put on with a flat brush.

Mi Fu was born in 1051. His mother was employed as a midwife to deliver Emperor Shenzong and afterwards she became the wet-nurse who look after and feed the Emperor Shenzong who was to start his reign in 1051 and continue until 1107. Mi Fu knew the imperial family and he lived in the privileged location of the royal palaces. He ignored formal lessons but it could be seen that he had a gift for writing, painted and drawing. He was one of the four best calligraphers in the Song Dynasty. Mi Fu was known as odd. Some called him "Madman Mi" because he collected stones and said one stone was his brother. He was a heavy drinker.

His poetry followed the style of Li Bai and his calligraphy that of Wang Xizhi. He became a civil servant to mixed success. He was firstly a book editor in the emperors library before undertaking a number of posts in Henan province. He was given the post of Professor of Painting and Calligraphy in 1103 at the Palace to select which painting and calligraphy is good enough to belong to the Emperor. He became secretary to the Board of Rites before he was appointed governor of Huaiyang in Jiangsu province. He had five sons and eight daughters. He died in 1107. His son, Mi Youren, would also be a famous painter in his father's artistic style.

Mi Fu is considered the best of all the calligraphers of the Song dynasty. An example of his work has sold for nearly four million dollars.


Heredity

Heredity is the passing of traits (characteristics) from parents to offspring. In biology, the study of heredity is called genetics. With most living things, heredity is analysed by breeding (making crosses), often in a laboratory. But with humans, heredity is studied in other ways. Family pedigrees, identical twins and DNA genome analysis all provide clues.

A trait which may be inherited is heritable; it is inborn or innate. 

Variation

Variation in biology usually refers to the heritable differences within a species. This is important in genetics, and the study of evolution in natural populations. Heritable variation is ultimately caused by mutations of genes and chromosomes, and shuffled by recombination. Outcrossing keeps, and inbreeding reduces, heritable variation.

Other variations are caused during life, and are not passed on to the next generation by heredity.

Variation is also a term used in biodiversity for the variety of life forms in a given ecosystem.

Taiyuan

Taiyuan is a city in China. It is the capital of Shanxi Province. Mi Fu the poet was born here in 1051.

Danielle Souza

Danielle Souza (born 2 January 1981) is a Brazilian model from Santa Catarina, popularly known as Mulher Samambaia (Fern Woman).

Until 2003, Danielle lived in Balneário Camboriú. That same year, she went to São Paulo, where she won the traditional competition "As Felinas" and soon after was invited to pose for Playboy in November 2003, where she posed with Antonela Avellaneda, who participated in the Big Brother Brazil 4. Danielle was invited by the former director of the "Pânico na TV" to record a pilot program, which premiered the following week. He has worked in the "Pânico na TV" as "Mulher Samambaia", and besides being a stage assistant, also participated in some frames of the program. Danielle did a new photo shoot for the magazine "Sexy" in December 2004. Again she posed nude for the magazine Sexy in August 2007. The photos were taken in Bonito, Mato Grosso do Sul. Danielle is studying interior design and wants to specialize in decorating and landscaping. In the carnival of 2009 she participated in the parade GRES Alliança as Musa battery. She participated in the reality show of Rede Record, "A Fazenda".


Gugu Liberato

Antônio Augusto de Moraes Liberato (April 10, 1959 — November 21, 2019), better known as Gugu Liberato or just Gugu, was a Brazilian television presenter, businessman, actor and singer.

Gugu was hired by Silvio Santos after writing letters suggesting television shows to be aired. He started in television at age fourteen as a production assistant on the program "Domingo no Parque," presented by Silvio Santos on SBT.

He was thought one of the most famous and successful Brazilian television hosts of all time. Shortly before his death, Gugu owned a fortune of about $1 billion built over a career started as an office boy. Gugu set up an empire that includes a television and video production company, sixteen stores that bear his name, a water park and a gas station.

On November 20, 2019, Gugu suffered an accident in his house in Orlando, Florida, when he fell from the ceiling and hit his head. He died the following day, November 21, but his family only released an official note on November 22.

Clog dance

Clogging is a form of tap dancing. It is a type of folk dance. Clogs are shoes that cloggers wear. Dancers hit the heel, the toe, or both against a floor or each other to make a sound. 

Baba Yaga

The Baba Yaga is a mythical witchlike character. She is found in Slavic stories. She is one of the most popular demons in slavic beliefs. She looks like an ugly woman. She lives in a house that has giant chicken feet, so it can walk around. Sometimes she travels in a mortar and pestle that can fly by magic.

Baba Yaga is different from most folklore characters because even though she is usually bad, sometimes she is good. Sometimes she makes things or helps the story's hero make things. Scholar Andreas Johns says that Baba Yaga is meant to be like nature itself: She can help but she can also eat you.

Baba Yaga appears as a character in many video games and other works of fiction, for example the "Quest for Glory" series of games.

The feminist website "The Hairpin" wrote an advice column called "Ask Baba Yaga" as a joke.

Red Buttons

Red Buttons (born Aaron Chwatt, February 5, 1919 - July 13, 2006) was an American actor and comedian.

Buttons won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the movie "Sayonara". He was also in the movie "The Poseidon Adventure".

Karl Wilhelm von Nägeli

Karl Wilhelm von Nägeli (27 March 1817 – 11 May 1891) was a Swiss botanist. He studied cell division, but became known as the man who discouraged Gregor Mendel from further work on genetics.

Rudolf Virchow

Rudolf Ludwig Karl Virchow (13 October 1821 – 5 September 1902) was a German doctor, anthropologist, pathologist, prehistorian, biologist and politician, known for his advancement of public health. Referred to as "the father of pathology," he is considered one of the founders of social medicine.

He coined the catch-phrase "omnis cellula e cellula", meaning, cells only derive from other cells.

Robert Remak

Robert Remak (26 July 1815 – 29 August 1865) was a German embryologist, physiologist, and neurologist, born in Posen, Prussia. 

Remak obtained his medical degree from Friedrich Wilhelm University in Berlin in 1838 specializing in neurology. He worked on embryology, and also discovered unmyelinated nerve fibres and the nerve cells in the heart sometimes called Remak's ganglia. He studied under Johannes Muller at the University of Berlin. 

Remak discovered that the origin of cells was by the division of pre-existing cells. 

Despite his accomplishments, because of his Jewish faith he was repeatedly denied full professor status until late in life, and even then was denied the usual benefits of the position.

Oscar Hertwig

Oscar Hertwig (21 April 1849, Friedberg, Hesse – 25 October 1922, Berlin) was a German zoologist, anatomist and professor, who also wrote about the theory of evolution over 55 years after Charles Darwin's "The Origin of Species". 

Oscar Hertwig was a leader in the field of embryology. He discovered fertilization of sea urchins, he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during inheritance and chromosome reduction during meiosis. In 1876, he found that fertilization includes the penetration of a spermatozoon into an egg cell. He thought, correctly, that the vectors of hereditary traits resided in the nuclei of the egg and sperm.

His work on the development of sea urchin eggs was fundamental and lasting; his work on evolution was not. He was opposed to 'chance', as he thought was Charles Darwin's theory. He wrote: "Das Werden der Organismen, eine Widerlegung der Darwinschen Zufallslehre" (Jena, 1916) (translation: "The Origin of Organisms: a refutation of Darwin's theory of chance").

Hertwig was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1903.

Igersheim

Igersheim is a city in Germany. It is between Heilbronn and Würzburg in Baden-Württemberg.

Bihari languages

Bihari is a group of Indic languages spoken in parts of Bangladesh and Bihar.

Walther Flemming

Walther Flemming (21 April 1843 – 4 August 1905) was a German biologist and a founder of cytogenetics.

Making use of dyes he was able to find a structure which he named chromatin. He identified that chromatin was correlated to threadlike structures in the cell nucleus– the chromosomes (meaning "coloured body"). Edouard Van Beneden (1846–1910) had also observed them, independently. 

Flemming investigated the process of cell division and the distribution of chromosomes to the daughter nuclei, a process he called mitosis from the Greek word for thread. However, he did not see the splitting into identical halves, the daughter chromatids. He studied mitosis, both in life and in stained preparations, using as the source of biological material the fins and gills of salamanders. These results were published first in 1878 and in 1882 in the seminal book "Zellsubstanz, Kern und Zelltheilung" (1882; Cell substance, nucleus and cell division). On the basis of his discoveries, Flemming surmised for the first time that all cell nuclei came from another predecessor nucleus (he coined the phrase "omnis nucleus e nucleo", after Virchow's "omnis cellula e cellula").

Flemming was unaware of Gregor Mendel's (1822–1884) work on heredity, so he did not make the connection between his observations and genetic inheritance. Two decades would pass before the significance of Flemming's work was truly realized with the rediscovery of Mendel's rules. His discovery of mitosis and chromosomes is considered one of the 100 most important scientific discoveries of all times, and one of the 10 most important discoveries in cell biology.

Eduard Strasburger

Eduard Adolf Strasburger (1 February 1844 in Warsaw – 19 May 1912 in Bonn) was a German professor who was one of the most famous botanists of the 19th century.

In 1868 he taught at the University of Warsaw. In 1869 Strasburger was appointed professor of botany at the University of Jena. After 1881 he was head of the "Botanisches Institut" at the University of Bonn. 

Strasburger was a founder of the famous "Lehrbuch der Botanik für Hochschulen" ("Textbook of Botany"), which first appeared in 1894. He was the first to provide an accurate description of the embryonic sac in gymnosperms (such as conifers) and angiosperms (flowering plants), along with demonstrating double-fertilization in angiosperms. He came up with one of the modern laws of plant cytology: "New cell nuclei can only arise from the division of other nuclei", and originated the terms cytoplasm and nucleoplasm.

At about the same time as Walther Flemming, and Edouard van Beneden, he worked out chromosome movement during mitosis in plant cells. His work on the upward movement of tree sap proved that the process was physical and not physiological.

He was awarded the Linnean Society's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1908.




Edouard van Beneden

Edouard Joseph Marie Van Beneden (Leuven, 5 March 1846 – Liège, 28 April 1910), cytologist and marine biologist. He was professor of zoology at the University of Liège. He contributed to cytology and genetics by his work on the roundworm "Ascaris". In this work he discovered how chromosomes combined during meiosis, during the production of gametes.

Beneden discovered, with Walther Flemming and Eduard Strasburger, the essential facts of mitosis. In contrast to meiosis, the double (diploid) set of chromosomes in daughter cells is identical to those in the parent cells. Excepting rare accidents, there is no change in the genetic apparatus. In meiosis, only one set of chromosomes ends up in each gamete, a condition called haploid. 

Van Beneden's father was also a well-known biologist. Pierre-Joseph van Beneden (18091894) introduced two important terms into evolutionary biology and ecology: mutualism and commensalism.

Ascaris

Ascaris is a genus of parasitic nematode worms known as the "giant intestinal roundworms". One species, "A. suum", typically infects pigs, while another, "A. lumbricoides", affects humans, typically in sub-tropical and tropical areas with poor sanitation. "A. lumbricoides" is the largest intestinal roundworm and is the most common worm infection of humans, an infection known as "ascariasis". Infestation can cause morbidity, and sometimes death, by compromising nutritional status, affecting cognitive processes, inducing tissue reactions, such as granuloma, and provoking intestinal obstruction or rectal prolapse.

The roundworms are members of the phylum Nematoda. They are an extremely successful group; it is estimated that they represent 90% of all life on the seafloor. 

Free (band)

Free were an English rock band. The band started in London, England in 1968. They are best known for their famous song called "All Right Now". When the band ended the singer, Paul Rodgers, went on to form the band Bad Company. The lead guitarist of Free was named Paul Kossoff. In 1976 he died from a drug-induced heart failure. He was only 25 years old.

Bacardi

Bacardi is a spirits company that was founded February 4, 1862 in Cuba. It is named after the founder "Facundo Bacardí", a wine merchant. Facundo use to filter the rum through charcoal, which removed impurities. In addition to this, He aged the rum in oak barrels, which had the effect of "mellowing" the drink.


Mick Jagger

Sir Michael Philip "Mick" Jagger (born 26 July 1943) is an English musician, producer and actor. He is most famous for being the singer of the Rolling Stones. In 2003 he was knighted for his services to Music.

Michael Jagger was born at Livingstone Community Hospital in Dartford, He is the child of Basil Fanshawe Jagger and Eva Ensley Mary.

Jagger is known for his many high-profile relationships. He married Nicaraguan-born Bianca De Macias on 12 May 1971. It was a Catholic ceremony in Saint-Tropez, France. In late 1977, he began seeing model Jerry Hall. This was while still married to Bianca. Jagger and Hall lived together for many years. They were married on 21 November 1990, in a Hindu beach ceremony in Indonesia. The marriage ended in August 1999. 

Jagger has also been romantically linked to other women: Chrissie Shrimpton, Marianne Faithfull, Anita Pallenberg, Marsha Hunt, Pamela Des Barres, Uschi Obermaier, Bebe Buell, Carly Simon, Margaret Trudeau, Mackenzie Phillips, Janice Dickinson, Carla Bruni, Sophie Dahl and Angelina Jolie, among others. He was in a relationship with L'Wren Scott (1964-2014) from 2001 until she committed suicide in 2014. Jagger's girlfriend Melanie Hamrick is pregnant with his eighth child.

In March 2019, Jagger had to postpone his tour due to medical reasons. A few days later it was announced that he would have heart valve replacement surgery.

Jagger has seven children by four women:


His personal fortune was estimated in 2010, at £190 million (~$298 million US).

Burn It to the Ground

"Burn It to the Ground" is a 2009 rock song by the Canadian rock band Nickelback off their "Dark Horse" album. It became the theme song for WWE Raw on November 16, 2009 and is featured on the soundtrack to the video game NHL 10.

Rădăuţi

Rădăuţi is a municipality of Suceava County in Romania. 27,759 people live in Rădăuţi.

Rădăuţi can be found in Bukovina, between the Suceava and Suceviţa rivers. It is 23 miles north of Suceava.

Maria Kanellis

Maria Louise Kanellis (born February 25, 1982 in Ottawa, Illinois) is an American female professional wrestler. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment from 2004 to 2010. She joined WWE again in June 2017 and she will be with her real-life husband, Mike Kanellis.


Jillian Hall

Jillian Faye Hall (born Jillian Faye Fletcher; September 6, 1980 in Ashland, Kentucky) is an American retired female professional wrestler and singer. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where she competed under the ring name Jillian Hall.

She released a Christmas album titled "A Jingle with Jillian", which was sung completely in her character of a terrible singer. The album reached #20 on the UK Holidays Top 100 shortly after its release. During her time in the WWE, She was a one-time WWE Divas Champion.

On November 19, 2010, her WWE contract expired and WWE announced that they were not going to renew it. After being released, she wrestled on the independent circuit until announcing her retirement on January 21, 2014.


Khufu

Khufu was a Pharaoh (or leader) of Ancient Egypt's Old Kingdom. He was the Pharaoh of Egypt from around 2589 to 2566 B.C.E . Khufu was the second pharaoh of the Fourth dynasty. He is also thought to be the one who built the Great Pyramid of Giza, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. Khufu's full name was "Khnum-Khufu" which means "the god Khnum protects me."

Ajana, Western Australia

Ajana is a small farming town in Western Australia. It is about 530 kilometres north east of Perth. The town was officially started in 1915. In 2006, there were 22 people living at Ajana. The name of the town might be from an Australian Aboriginal word, "Ajano", used for the area nearby. It might also be from the word "Ngajna", meaning "mine", as a place where stone axes could be made.

Victor Posa

Victor Posa (born 5 November 1966 in Bari) is an Italian ice hockey player. He played 2 games for the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL.

Genetic linkage

Genetic linkage occurs when alleles at different loci do not segregate at random. Mendel's second law is thus broken. 

Genes are linked when they are on the same chromosome. They then tend to stay together during meiosis. Alleles for genes on different chromosomes are usually not linked, due to independent assortment of chromosomes during meiosis. 

There is some crossing over of DNA during meiosis when the chromosomes segregate. So, alleles on the same chromosome can be separated and go to different daughter cells. There is a greater probability of this happening if the alleles are far apart on the chromosome, as it is more likely that a cross-over will occur between them. The relative distance between two genes can be calculated using the offspring of an organism showing two linked genetic traits. The percentage of offspring where the two traits do not run together is noted. The higher the percentage of offspring showing both traits, the closer on the chromosome the two genes are. 

This was the first technique used for mapping genes on chromosomes. By working out the number of recombinants it is possible to obtain a measure for the distance between the genes. This distance is called a "genetic map unit" (m.u.), or a "centimorgan" and is defined as the distance between genes for which one product of meiosis in 100 is recombinant. A recombinant frequency (RF) of 1 % is equivalent to 1 m.u. A linkage map is created by finding the map distances between a number of traits that are present on the same chromosome, ideally avoiding significant gaps between traits to avoid the possibility of multiple crossovers.


Barthélemy Dumortier

Barthélemy Charles Joseph Dumortier (Tournai, 3 April 1797 – 1878) was a Belgian botanist and politician. Some consider him to be the true discoverer of cell division, although he is rarely credited as such. His 1832 paper deals with this topic.



Eddie Van Halen

Edward Lodewijk "Eddie" Van Halen (January 26, 1955 – October 6, 2020) was a Dutch-born American guitarist, keyboardist, songwriter and producer. He is most famous as the guitarist and co-founder of the hard rock band Van Halen. He is listed as number 70 in Rolling Stone Magazine's ""Top 100 Guitarists of All Time"" issue.

In 2007 Eddie Van Halen was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Van Halen died from a stroke caused by throat cancer at Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California on October 6, 2020, at the age of 65 surrounded by his wife, Janie; son and Van Halen bassist, Wolfgang; ex-wife Valerie Bertinelli; and brother, Alex; co-founder and drummer of Van Halen. Some of Van Halen's childhood landmarks in Pasadena became memorials where fans could pay their respects.

Eddie Cheever

Edward "Eddie" McKay Cheever, Jr. (born January 10, 1958 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American racing driver. He raced for almost thirty years in Formula One, Sports cars, CART and the Indy Racing League. Cheever participated in 143 World Championship Formula One races and started 132, more than any other American, driving for nine different teams from 1978 through 1989. In 1997, he formed his own IRL team and won the Indianapolis 500 as both owner and driver in 1998. The team now competes in sports cars.

Eddie Irvine

Edmund "Eddie" Irvine, Jr. (Born 10 November 1965, Newtownards, County Down) is a former racing driver from Northern Ireland. He raced under a British Driving License.

Irvine spent time in the 1980s and early 1990's in Formula Ford and F3000. He joined Formula One in 1993, scoring a point on his debut as he replaced Emanuele Naspetti. He stayed on for Jordan in 1994 and 1995, before going on to drive for Scuderia Ferrari in 1996. His results were not as successful as Michael Schumacher's, including eight straight DNF's (Did not Finish) in a row in 1996. He eventually improved, scoring more podiums as he went along with the team. 

In 1999 Michael Schumacher, the "#1 driver" for Ferrari was injured during a race at Silverstone. Irvine was made the #1 driver. The team put all their efforts towards Irvine winning a driver's championship. It wasn't successful, but Irvine did place second in the championship. Irvine left Ferrari after that season because he was frustrated with Ferrari's policy on team orders, which meant that one driver was labelled as "being #1." So, Irvine joined the new Jaguar Racing team in 2000, where he finally became the lead driver. However, the car was not competitive and reliable, so Jaguar, despite having lots of experience with Irvine, had little results. Irvine obtained the only two podiums Jaguar would ever see, and Irvine retired from Formula One after 2002.

Wilhelm Roux

Wilhelm Roux (9 June 1850 in Jena – 15 September 1924 in Halle) was a German zoologist, anatomist and pioneer of experimental embryology.

For ten years he worked in Breslau (now Wroclaw), becoming director of his own Institute of Embryology in 1879. He was professor at Innsbruck, Austria from 1889–95, then accepted a professorial chair at the Anatomical Institute of the University of Halle, a post he retained until 1921.

Roux's research was based upon the notion of "Entwicklungsmechanik" or developmental mechanics. His methodology was to interfere with developing embryos and observe the outcome. Roux's investigations were performed mainly on frogs' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development. His goal was to show Darwinian processes at work on the cellular level.

In 1888, Roux published the results of a series of defect experiments in which he took 2 and 4 cell frog embryos and killed half of the cells of each embryo with a hot needle. He reported that they grew into half-embryos and surmised that the separate function of the two cells had already been determined. This led him to propose his "mosaic" theory: after a few cell divisions the embryo would be like a mosaic, each cell playing its own unique part in the entire design.

After a few years Roux's theory was refuted by the studies of his colleague Hans Driesch and later, with more precision, Hans Spemann showed that, as a rule, Driesch's conclusions were correct, but that results like Roux's may be obtained after intervention in certain planes. Despite this early lapse Roux's pioneering mechanical methodology was to prove most fruitful in 20th century biology.

In a remarkable paper, Roux realised the significance of the linear structure of chromosomes. Their splitting into two equal longitudinal halves assured each daughter cell got the same chromosome complement. Therefore, chromosomes were the bearers of heredity. This was a significant event in cytogenetics.



Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line

The Marunouchi Line (丸の内線,まるのうちせん) is a metro line of Tokyo Metro in Tokyo, Japan.


Poanes

Poanes is a genus of butterflies. The species are native to North America, Central America, and South America.




Concentric

Concentric objects share the same center, axis, or origin. Circles,spheres, cylinders, tubes, and other round objects can be concentric. Concentric shapes do not normally have the same radius.

Andreas Hinkel

Andreas Hinkel (born 26 March 1982) is a German football player. He plays for Celtic and Germany national team.

Hinkel grew up in Leutenbach in the state of Baden-Württemberg and started to play football there. When he was ten years old, he came to the youth teams of Stuttgart. In 2001 he had his first matches for Stuttgart in the UEFA Cup and in the Bundesliga. From 2003 to 2009, he played 21 matches for the Germany national team. His first international match was on 30 April 2003 against Serbia and Montenegro.

In 2006 he came to Sevilla in the La Liga. He won the UEFA Cup and the Copa del Rey with them. When he was in Sevilla, he did not play for Germany any more. He did not take part in 2006 FIFA World Cup and in 2008 UEFA Euro.

In the year 2008 he came to Celtic in Glasgow. They won Scottish Premier League in 2008 and the Scottish League Cup in 2009. On 10 September 2008, he played his first match for Germany after three years.

156||1
15||0
48||1
219||2

!Total||21||0


Nymphalidae

The Nymphalidae is the largest family of butterflies, with about 6,000 species. They live on all continents except Antarctica. They are commonly known as nymphalids, brushfoots, or brush-footed butterflies.

Brushfoots get their name from their front pair of legs. This pair of legs is reduced. They do not have claws at the end. Only the middle and last pair of legs are used for walking. This is why they are called brush-footed butterflies or four-footed butterflies.

Many species are brightly colored and include popular species such as the emperors, admirals, tortoiseshells, and fritillaries. Most hold their colourful wings flat when they are at rest. However, the underwings are often dull; in some species they look just like dead leaves, or are much paler. So when they raise their wings in the normal butterfly position, this cryptic effect helps the butterfly disappear into its surroundings.




Marcel Schäfer

Marcel Schäfer (born 7 June 1984 in Aschaffenburg) is a German footballer.

Schäfer came to the youth teams of 1860 Munich when he was 16 years old. In 2003 he played his first and only Bundesliga match for Munich. After the Bundesliga season 2003-04, 1860 Munich was relegated to the 2. Bundesliga. Schäfer played three more years for Munich. 

In 2007 he went back to the Bundesliga and came to V.f.L. Wolfsburg. They won their first German Championship in 2009.

Schäfer plays for the German national football team since the year 2008. His first international match was against England on 19 November 2008.


Dred Scott

Dred Scott (1799 – September 17, 1858) was a slave in the United States of America who took legal action to get his freedom in the Dred Scott v. Sanford case. His case was rejected by the Supreme Court. 

Many people were angry at the decision, and slavery became one of the main issues in the American Civil War a few years later. Slavery was ended after the Confederate States of America surrendered. 

Hannah Montana: The Movie

Hannah Montana: The Movie is a 2009 American musical movie. It is based on the teen sitcom "Hannah Montana". The film stars Miley Cyrus. 

It is about a girl named, Miley Stewart, that is living the secret life of Hannah Montana. It starts with her making a mistake and coming late to her best friend, Lily's birthday party, dressed as Hannah. All attention goes to her, and Lily gets disappointed. As Hannah tries to make it up for Lily, she gets an offer to fly to New York with her manager Vanessa Williams but Miley's father Billy Ray Cyrus has other plans. His mother's birthday is coming up in Tennessee and he wants Miley to go with him. She complains and complains, which leads to her thinking that her father is driving her to New York, but is fooled by her father who drives her and her brother to Tennessee.

When they get there, Miley is seeing things in a different way and when she meets Trevor, a sweet guy she has known from her younger age, everything changes. Not to mention, the crazy journalist that is stalking her for a story that is supposed to bring her down.

Louis Farrakhan

Louis Eugene Farrakhan (born May 11, 1933) is an American religious leader, political activist and writer, social commentator, and black supremacist who is the leader of the religious group known as The Nation of Islam, which is based on an African-American interpretation of Islam. Many people say that he was involved in a plot to kill Malcolm X. He is known for his antisemitic views and anti-White views. In 2007, he retired. 

Farrakhan was born Louis Eugene Wolcott in The Bronx, New York. He started playing the violin when he was six years old. He went to the Boston Latin School.

Farrakhan now lives in Kenwood, Chicago. In 1953, he married Khadijah Farrakhan. They have nine children.


Synod of Dort

The Synod of Dort was a national council that took place in 1618-1619 in the town of Dordrecht in the Netherlands. The Dutch Reformed Church held the meeting in order to discuss a very important issue in the Dutch churches that begin with the teachings of Jacobus Arminius and the rise of Arminianism. The first meeting was on November 13, 1618, and the last meeting, which was the 154th, took place on May 9, 1619. 

Members from the Reformed churches in eight different countries were also invited to this meeting. The name "Dort" is the English name for the Dutch town of "Dordrecht" and is still used as the pronunciation of the name today. This synod, or meeting, is usually called the Synod of Dordt or the Synod of Dordrecht.

The reason that this meeting was called was to settle an issue that had been brought up in the Dutch churches after the spread of Arminianism. After Jacob Arminius died, people that believed the same way that he did objected to the Belgic Confession and the teachings of John Calvin and Theodore Beza. Arminius's followers published their problems with the Confession in a paper called The Remonstrance of 1610. The followers of the things listed in this document were called Remonstrants. Calvinists, who followed the teachings of John Calvin, became known as "Contra-Remonstrants".

In "The Remonstrance" and some later writing, the Arminians wrote about an alternative to the Calvinist Belgic Confession and mentioned several things that they disagreed with. They taught election on the basis of God knowing who would have faith, a universal atonement, resistible grace and the possibility of walking away from grace. Simon Episopius was the speaker for the 13 members of the Remonstrants who were called to the Synod in 1618.

The meetings concluded with the views of the Remonstrants being rejected and set out the Reformed doctrine on each of the points. These are sometimes called the Five points of Calvinism and are remembered by the five letters "TULIP".

"The Decision of the Synod of Dort on the Five Main Points of Doctrine in Dispute in the Netherlands", known as the Canons of Dort, is the reasoning behind the decisions made by the Synod. 

The "Canons" are not supposed to be an absolute explanation of the Reformed doctrine, but only explain the five points of doctrine that were being argued over.



Jacob Arminius

Jacobus Arminius (October 10, 1560 – October 19, 1609), is the Latin name of the Dutch theologian Jakob Hermanszoon. He is also known by the names of Jacob Arminius or James Arminius. Arminius was a professor of theology at the University of Leiden from 1603 until he died in 1609. He wrote many books and papers on theology, which is the study of God, and his views became the basis for the Dutch Remonstrants.

After he died, his views on theology were most widely known for being the opposite of the five points of Calvinism, though Arminius only objected to three: unconditional election, limited atonement, and irresistible grace; and he doubted the perseverance of the saints. His view on total depravity agreed with John Calvin, only changing the view held by Calvinists a small amount.

Arminius was born at Oudewater, Utrecht. His father Herman died when Arminius was a baby, leaving his wife (and Jacob's mother) as a single mother with small children.
Theodorus Aemilius, a priest, adopted Jacobus and sent him to school at Utrecht. His mother was killed by the Spanish in Oudewater in 1575. About that same year the kindness of his friends allowed him to go study theology at the University of Leiden.


Valdeir Vieira

Valdeir Vieira (born 11 July 1944) is a Brazilian football manager.

Richart Báez

Richart Báez (born 31 July 1973) is a former Paraguayan football player. He has played for Paraguay national team.

9||3
34||3
3||0
46||6

!Total||26||2

Mustapha Hadji

Mustapha Hadji (born 16 November 1971) is a Moroccan football player. He has played for Morocco national team.

134||31
27||3
47||3
97||14
15||5
54||10
42||24
416||90

!Total||||

Alexi Lalas

Alexi Lalas (born June 1, 1970) is a former American soccer player. He has played for United States national team.

Los Angeles Galaxy

Rutgers

Individual

Christian Wilhelmsson

Christian Wilhelmsson (born 8 December 1979) is a Swedish football player. He plays for Al-Hilal and Sweden national team.

52||13
84||25
90||13
13||0
19||1
8||0
15||1
281||53

!Total||59||4

Ivan Turgenev

Ivan Sergeyevich Turgenev (9 November 1818 - 3 September 1883) was a Russian writer, most famous for his novel "Fathers and Sons".

Turgenev was born into a rich land-owning family in Oryol, Russia, on 9 November 1818. His father died when Turgenev was sixteen. He and his brother Nicholas were brought up by their mother. She did not treat them well.

Turgenev went to the University of Moscow for one year and then moved to the University of Saint Petersburg, where he studied Classics and Russian Literature. In 1838 he went to the University of Berlin to study philosophy and history. Turgenev liked Germany and thought Russia should change their social system to be more like Germany’s.

The 1840s and 1850s were hard times for writers and artists in Russia. The political system did not allow them to express themselves as they wanted to. Many intelligent Russians left the country and went to England, France and Germany. In 1852 Turgenev himself was put in prison for a month for praising Nikolai Gogol – a famous Russian writer who had been criticised by the ruling powers in the country. In 1854, Turgenev moved to Western Europe and started writing his novel "Rudin", which complained about the Russia of the 1840s and 1850s. 

The political system in Russia changed in 1855 when Alexander II took over power from his father Nicholas I. Writers and artists had more freedom from this time. In 1860 one of Turgenev’s most famous novels, "First Love", was published.

In 1862, "Fathers and Sons", Turgenev’s most famous novel, appeared. Many people did not like the novel which upset Turgenev and he began to write less.

"Smoke" was published in 1867, but again was not popular in Russia. 

In 1879, he received an honorary degree from the University of Oxford in England.

In later life, Turgenev did not live in Russia much. He lived either at Baden-Baden or Paris, often near the singer Pauline Viardot, who he was having an affair with. He never married, but he did have a daughter with one of his family’s servants.

Turgenev died near Paris on 3 September 1883. On his deathbed he told Leo Tolstoy to start writing again.

Turgenev had an awkward relationship with two other famous Russian writers – Leo Tolstoy and Fyodor Dostoevsky. Tolstoy and Dostoevsky criticised Turgenev for liking Western Europe and its literature more than Russian literature. Turgenev was also close to the French writer Gustave Flaubert.




Kim Jung-woo

Kim Jung-Woo (born 9 May 1982) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

122||8||16||1||24||2||162||11
52||7||2||0||6||0||60||7
174||15||18||1||30||2||222||182

!Total||49||2


Marek Špilár

Marek Špilár (11 February 1975 – 7 September 2013) was a former Slovak football player. He has played for Slovakia national team.

On 7 September 2013, Špilár committed suicide by jumping out of a fifth-floor window in Prešov.

40||0
128||9
31||0
24||1
223||10

!Total||30||0

Andrej Panadić

Andrej Panadić (born 9 March 1969) is a former Croatian football player. He has played for Yugoslavia's national team.

Franck Durix

Franck Durix (born 20 October 1965) is a former French football player.

Kim Sang-woo (footballer, born 1987)

Kim Sang-Woo (born 18 May 1987) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player..

31||1||0||0||31||1
31||1||0||0||31||1

Shigeru Yokotani

Shigeru Yokotani (born 3 May 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gamba Osaka.

81||8||3||0||2||0||86||8
81||8||3||0||2||0||86||8


Michihiro Yasuda

Yasuda was born in Osaka Prefecture on December 20, 1987. He joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka from their youth team in 2006. He played many matches as left side back from 2007. The club won the champions in the 2007 J.League Cup, 2008 and 2009 Emperor's Cup. In Asia, the club won the champions in 2008 AFC Champions League which is first Asian title in the club history. In 2011, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club Vitesse. Although he played many matches until the 2011/12 season, he could not play many matches in the 2012/13 season. He returned to Japan in summer 2013 and joined Júbilo Iwata. From 2014, he played for Sagan Tosu, Vissel Kobe and Nagoya Grampus. In 2017, he moved to K League Challenge club Busan IPark. In 2018, he returned to Japan and played for J2 League club Albirex Niigata and JEF United Chiba.

In 2007, Yasuda was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2007 U-20 World Cup and played all 4 matches. In February 2008, he was selected the Japan national team for 2008 East Asian Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against North Korea on February 17. In August 2008, he also played for Japan U-23 national team at 2008 Summer Olympics. He played 7 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2011.

250||9||24||0||29||2||23||4||326||15
45||0||6||0||colspan="2"|-||3||0||54||0
21||1||4||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||25||1
316||10||34||0||29||2||26||4||405||16

!Total||7||1

Toshihiro Yamaguchi

Yamaguchi was born in Kumamoto Prefecture on November 19, 1971. After dropped out from Kindai University, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 1993. He became a regular player from 1994. He moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga in 1996 and played until 1997. In June 1998, he signed with Sanfrecce Hiroshima. The club won the 2nd place at 1999 Emperor's Cup. He retired end of 2000 season.

On July 8, 1994, Yamaguchi debuted for the Japan national team against Ghana. He also played at 1995 King Fahd Cup. He played 4 games for Japan until 1995.

158||31||11||3||27||2||200||36
158||31||11||3||27||2||200||36

!Total||4||0

Takuya Kokeguchi

Takuya Kokeguchi (born 13 July 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kataller Toyama.

95||4||4||0||9||0||108||4
95||4||4||0||9||0||108||4

Hogares CREA

Hogar CREA is a group that helps drug addicts break their habits. It was started in Puerto Rico in 1968 by Javier Garcia Rios "CheJuan". It spread to several Latin American countries and to the US in the early 80's but is on the decline in the US. 

"CREA" is based on the idea of who to better treat drug addiction than an addict. Many people believe that it is a money making scam.

Photorespiration

Photorespiration, or "'photo-respiration'", is a process in plant metabolism. A sugar has oxygen added to it by the enzyme (RuBisCO), instead of carbon dioxide during normal photosynthesis. This process reduces efficiency of photosynthesis.

Photorespiration can occur when carbon dioxide levels are low, for example, when the stomata are closed to prevent water loss during drought. In most plants, photorespiration increases as temperature increases. Photorespiration produces no ATP and leads to a net loss of carbon and nitrogen (as ammonia), slowing plant growth.

August Weismann

August Friedrich Leopold Weismann (Frankfurt am Main, 17 January 1834 – Freiburg, 5 November 1914) was a German evolutionary biologist. 

Weismann is much admired today. Ernst Mayr thought he was "one of the great biologists of all time", and ranked him "the second most notable evolutionary theorist of the 19th century", after Charles Darwin.

Weismann advocated the "germ plasm" theory. According to this, inheritance only takes place by means of the germ cells the gametes, such as egg cells and sperm cells. Other cells of the body (somatic cells or "soma") are not agents of heredity. The effect is one-way: germ cells produce somatic cells, and more germ cells. The germ cells are not affected by anything the somatic cells learn or any ability the body acquires during its life. Genetic information cannot pass from soma to germ plasm and on to the next generation. This is referred to as the "Weismann barrier". This idea, if true, rules out the inheritance of acquired characteristics as proposed by Lamarck.

The idea of the Weismann barrier is central to the modern evolutionary synthesis, though it is not expressed today in the same terms. In Weismann's opinion the random process of mutation in the gametes (or stem cells which make them) is the only source of change for natural selection to work on. Weismann was one of the first biologists to deny the inheritance of acquired characters entirely. Weismann's ideas came before the rediscovery of Gregor Mendel's work. Though Weismann was cagey about accepting Mendelism, younger workers soon made the connection. 

Weismann's demarkation between germ-line and soma rested on the work of (mostly) German biologists during the second half of the 19th century. This was the time that the mechanisms of cell division began to be understood. Eduard Strasburger, Walther Flemming, and the Belgian Edouard Van Beneden laid the basis for the cytology and cytogenetics of the 20th century. Strasburger, the outstanding botanical physiologist of that century, coined the terms nucleus and cytoplasm. He said "new cell nuclei can only arise from the division of other cell nuclei". Van Beneden discovered how chromosomes combined at meiosis, during the production of gametes. Walther Flemming, the founder of cytogenetics, named mitosis, and pronounced "omne nucleus e nuclei" (which means the same as Strasburger's dictum). The discovery of mitosis, meiosis and chromosomes is regarded as one of the 100 most important scientific discoveries of all times, and one of the 10 most important discoveries in cell biology.

Meiosis was discovered and described for the first time in sea urchin eggs in 1876, by Oscar Hertwig. It was described again in 1883, at the level of chromosomes, by Van Beneden in "Ascaris" eggs. The "significance of meiosis for reproduction and inheritance", however, was first described in 1890 by Weismann, who noted that two cell divisions were necessary to transform one diploid cell into four haploid cells if the number of chromosomes had to be maintained. Thus the work of the earlier cytologists laid the ground for Weismann, who turned his mind to the consequences for evolution, which was an aspect the cytologists had not addressed. All this took place before the work of Mendel had been rediscovered.

Theodor Boveri

Theodor Heinrich Boveri (12 October 1862 – 15 October 1915) was a German biologist who made discoveries in cytology, embryology and genetics. His career was devoted to the processes whereby a new individual arises from parental reproductive materials.

His work with sea urchins showed that it was necessary to have all chromosomes present in order for proper development of the embryo to take place. This discovery was an important part of the Boveri-Sutton chromosome theory. His other significant discovery was the centrosome (1888), which he described as the "especial organ of cell division". Boveri also discovered the phenomenon of chromatin diminution during embryonic development of the nematode "Parascaris".
1902–1904: Boveri, in a series of papers, drew attention to the correspondence between the behaviour of chromosomes and the results obtained by Mendel. He said that chromosomes were "independent entities which retain their independence even in the resting nucleus... What comes out of the nucleus is what goes into it".

In 1903 Walter Sutton suggested that chromosomes, which segregate in a Mendelian fashion, are hereditary units. E.B. Wilson, who was Sutton's teacher, called this the "Sutton–Boveri hypothesis".

Boveri reasoned that a cancerous tumor begins with a single cell in which the make up of its chromosomes becomes scrambled, causing the cells to divide uncontrollably.

It was only later that researchers such as Thomas Hunt Morgan showed that Boveri was correct.


Fred Hoyle

Sir Fred Hoyle (24 June 1915 – 20 August 2001) was an English astronomer. He is noted mainly for being the first man to think of the idea that nuclear fusion might happen in stars, like our Sun. In addition to his work as an astronomer, Hoyle was a writer of science fiction, including a number of books co-written with his son Geoffrey Hoyle. Fred Hoyle gave the Big Bang theory its name in a radio broadcast.

Awards

Edmund Beecher Wilson

Edmund Beecher Wilson (Geneva, Illinois, 19 October 1856 – 3 March 1939) was a pioneering American zoologist and cell biologist. He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology, "The Cell".

Wilson graduated from Yale in 1878. He earned his doctorate at Johns Hopkins in 1881. He was a lecturer at Williams College in 1883–84 and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1884–85. He served as professor of biology at Bryn Mawr College from 1885 to 1891. 

He spent the balance of his career at Columbia University where he was successively adjunct professor of biology (1891–94), professor of invertebrate zoology (1894–1897), and professor of zoology (from 1897). 

Wilson is credited as America's first cell biologist. In 1898 he used the similarity in embryos to describe evolutionary relationships. By observing spiral cleavage in molluscs, flatworms and annelids he concluded that the same organs came from the same group of cells and concluded that all these organisms must have a common ancestor. 

He also discovered the chromosomal XY sex-determination system in 1905—that males have XY and females XX sex chromosomes. Nettie Stevens independently made the same discovery the same year.

In 1907, he described, for the first time, the additional or supernumerary chromosomes, now called B-chromosomes.

Professor Wilson published many papers on embryology, and served as President of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1913. 

The American Society for Cell Biology annually awards the E.B. Wilson Medal in his honour.

1902–1904: Theodor Boveri (1862–1915), a German biologist, in a series of papers, drew attention to the correspondence between the behaviour of chromosomes and the results obtained by Mendel. He said that chromosomes were "independent entities which retain their independence even in the resting nucleus... What comes out of the nucleus is what goes into it".

In 1903 Walter Sutton suggested that chromosomes, which segregate in a Mendelian fashion, are hereditary units. Wilson, who was Sutton's teacher, called this the "Sutton–Boveri hypothesis".

Reginald Punnett

Reginald Crundall Punnett FRS (Tonbridge, Kent, 20 June 1875 – Bilbrook, Somerset, 3 January 1967) was a British geneticist. He became Professor of Biology and then Professor of Genetics at the University of Cambridge.

He co-founded, with William Bateson, the "Journal of Genetics" in 1910. Punnett is probably best remembered today as the creator of the Punnett square, a tool still used by biologists to predict the probability of possible genotypes of offspring. His "Mendelism" (1905) is sometimes said to have been the first textbook on genetics; it was probably the first popular science book to introduce genetics to the public.

Reginald Punnett was born in 1875 in the town of Tonbridge in Kent, England. While recovering from a childhood bout of appendicitis, Punnett became acquainted with Jardine's Naturalist's Library and developed an interest in natural history. 

Attending the University of Cambridge, Punnett earned a degree in zoology in 1898, and a masters in 1902. Between these degrees he worked as a demonstrator and part-time lecturer at the University of St Andrews Natural History Department. However, by 1902 Punnett was back at Cambridge working in zoology, primarily the study of nematode worms. It was during this time that he and William Bateson began a research collaboration, which lasted several years.

When Punnett was an undergraduate, Gregor Mendel's work on inheritance was largely unknown and unappreciated by scientists. However, in 1900, Mendel's work was rediscovered. William Bateson became a proponent of Mendelian genetics, and had Mendel's work translated into English. It was with Bateson that Reginald Punnett helped establish the new science of genetics at Cambridge. He and Bateson co-discovered genetic linkage through experiments with chickens and pea plants.

In 1908, unable to explain how a dominant gene would not become fixed and ubiquitous in a population, Punnett introduced his problem to the mathematician G. H. Hardy, with whom he played cricket. Hardy went on to formulate what became known as the Hardy–Weinberg law.

In 1910 Punnett became professor of biology at Cambridge, and then the first Arthur Balfour Professor of Genetics when Bateson left in 1912. In the same year, Punnett was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. He received the society's Darwin Medal in 1922.

During World War I, Punnett successfully applied his expertise to the problem of the early determination of gender in chickens. Since only females were used for egg-production, early identification of male chicks, which were destroyed or separated for fattening, meant that limited animal-feed and other resources could be used more efficiently. Punnett's work in this area was summarized in "Heredity in Poultry" (1923).

Punnett squares are used by biologists to determine the probability of offspring having a particular genotype.

If B represents the allele for having black hair and b represents the allele for having white hair, the offspring of two Bb parents would have a 25% probability of having two white hair alleles (bb), 50% of having one of each (Bb), and 25% of having only black hair alleles (BB). The phenotype (in this case the appearance) of the offspring would depend on whether and to what extent one of the alleles was dominant.




Canons of Dort

The Canons of Dort, also called the Canons of Dordrecht (full name: "The Decision of the Synod of Dort on the Five Main Points of Doctrine in Dispute in the Netherlands") is the ruling of the National Synod (or meeting) that took place in the Dutch city of Dordrecht from 1618-1619. Dordrecht is often called "Dort" in English.

Today, the Canons of Dort are part of the Three Forms of Unity, which is one of the confession standards of many of the Reformed churches around the world. The Reformed churches continued use of the Canons as a standard keeps the Reformed churches from being in full harmony with the followers of Jacob Arminius, the Remonstrants and the Dutch Reformed Churches, who disagree with the Canons.

The Canons are not supposed to be an absolute explanation of the Reformed doctrine, but only explain the five points of doctrine that were being argued over. These Canons introduced the Five Points of Calvinism.



Three Forms of Unity

The Three Forms of Unity is the name that is given to the Belgic Confession, the Canons of Dort, and the Heidelberg Catechism. These three works are about the doctrinal concerns of Continental Calvinism. They are considered official statements of Church doctrine by many of the Reformed churches.

From 1618 to 1619, the Dutch government, acting for the Dutch Reformed Church, called a series of meetings that would come to be called the Synod of Dort. Members from the Netherlands and twenty-seven members from eight other countries met at this Synod to discuss and come to an agreement on their views. This agreement is known as the "Canons of Dort."

This meeting then added the Canons of Dort to two other documents, the Belgic Confession and the Heidelberg Catechism. Those were both commonly used by the Dutch Church at this time. 

The reasons that they chose to do this were:

The different forms each serve different things:


Total depravity

Total depravity (also called total inability or total corruption) is a theological teaching that comes from Augustine's teachings on original sin. It is the teaching that, since the Fall of Man, every person who has been born into the world is a slave of sin and, without the irresistible grace of God, it is not possible for man to choose to follow God or accept salvation as He freely offers it.

Total depravity is taught by many Protestant confessions of faith, including Lutheranism, and Methodism, Arminianism, and Calvinism.

Dordrecht Confession of Faith

The Dordrecht Confession of Faith is a statement of faith that was created by Dutch Mennonite leaders at a meeting (also known as a Synod) in Dordrecht, Netherlands, on April 21, 1632. It has 18 articles of faith that talk about the importance of salvation through Jesus Christ, baptism, nonviolence, feet washing, and not taking oaths.
It was a very important part of the Radical Reformation and is still a very important document to many Anabaptist groups today, such as the Amish. In 1725, Jacob Gottshalk with sixteen other ministers from Pennsylvania and together they created the Dutch Mennonite Dordrecht Confession of Faith.

Arthur Antunes Coimbra Junior

Arthur Antunes Coimbra Junior (born 15 October 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

2||0
2||0

Martin Müller

Martin Müller (born 6 November 1970) is a former Czech football player.


Pavel Horváth

Pavel Horváth (born 22 April 1975) is a Czech football player. He has played for Czech Republic national team.

Slavia Prague

Sporting

Teplice

Sparta Prague

Viktoria Plzeň

Bernard Genghini

Bernard Genghini (born 18 January 1958) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

363||118
363||118

!Total||27||6

Jun Yanagisawa

Jun Yanagisawa (born 27 June 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagan Tosu.

3||0||2||0||0||0||5||0
3||0||2||0||0||0||5||0

Anders Svensson

Anders Svensson (born 17 July 1976) is a Swedish football player. He plays for Elfsborg and Sweden national team.

260||59
127||9
387||68

!Total||108||17

John Piper (broadcaster)

John Piper was the mid-morning talk show host on the BBC Radio Solent throughout the 1970s. The name of his program was called "Piper's Tune". The show was a mix of music, talk guests and the regular feature called, "Give a Neighbour a Hand", in which listeners would call in and ask for advice and other listeners would call in and give advice. Piper left the BBC in 1879 to join the Two Counties Radio in Bournemouth, as the station's first Programme Controller. He stayed on the air in Bournemouth until he left radio to move to Spain with his wife, Dilys.

In the 1980s, Piper also served as the mayor of his home town, Sitio de Calahonda which is located near Málaga in Spain. Piper also served in the Special Operations during World War II as a journalist and naturalist.

Xerophyte

Xerophytes are plants which are adapted to dry/desert areas. They are a type of succulent plant. To survive these harsh conditions they have special features. For example, a cactus has white hairs which help to prevent water loss. Another example is manzanita plants, which have a thick waxy coating and keep their leaves vertical to the sun.

Some Xerophytic plants sit out a drought. They can still extract water from soil. They may have very salty cell sap and therefore a very low water potential in the roots; they may have very extensive or deep roots or may pick up the slightest dew and survive on that.

Others have special features about their shape or structure (xeromorphs). Thick waxy cuticle ("Aloe"); hairy surfaces ("Edelweiss"); dense packing of leaves, reduced leaf size (species of cypress); reduced density of stomata (many cacti); pitted and grooved position of stomata (Ammophila) Water storage in stem and tubers, etc. (baobab). They may also protect this water store from animals by spines and chemicals.

Liga MX

Liga MX, known as the Primera División de México before the 2012–13 season, is the top football league in México.

Like most football leagues in Latin America, Liga MX divides its season into two phases—Apertura and Clausura (Spanish for "opening" and "closing"), with different champions in each phase. The Apertura is held in the Northern Hemisphere fall (autumn), and the Clausura in spring.

Fortuna Düsseldorf

Fortuna Düsseldorf is a football club which plays in Germany from Düsseldorf that plays in the highest league in German football, the Fußball-Bundesliga.

SC Freiburg

S.C. Freiburg is a football club which plays in Germany.

MSV Duisburg

The Meidericher Spielverein 02 e. V. Duisburg is a football club which plays in Germany. The club was founding member of the German Bundesliga 1962/63 and is now playing in the Second Bundesliga. Due to their striped jerseys they are also called the "Zebras".

The club was founded in 1902 as "Meidericher SV". On 9 January 1967 the club was renamed into his still today valid name "MSV Duisburg". 
"As of 1 November 2011"

Hansa Rostock

Hansa Rostock is a football club from Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The club plays in German 2. Bundesliga.
The club was founded on 1 November 1954 multi-sport Sportclub Empor Rostock. Because it was not possible to find enough players for the football team the team of Empor Lauter was transferred to Rostock. This was common in the German Democratic Republic. Rostock took the place of Lauter in the first league. The re-organization of East German sports in 1965 led to the association's football department becoming independent as Fußball Club Hansa Rostock. The new club was named "Hansa" to remember northern Europe's Hanseatic League. Rostock was an important member there.

After the reunification of Germany Hansa played together with Dynamo Dresden in the German Bundesliga. They were relegated but came back. Their best result in the Bundesliga was 2 times a 6th place.
"As of 31 August 2011"



FC Red Bull Salzburg

F.C. Red Bull Salzburg is a football club from Salzburg that plays in the Austrian Bundesliga. The club was known as SV Austria Salzburg until 2005, when the club was bought by the Red Bull Company. They renamed the club and changed the colours from the traditional violet to red and white. Also, the company's logo was added. The club runs two academies in Ghana and in Brazil. Their home stadium is the Red Bull Arena which was opened in 2003 and was renovated for the 2008 Euro.

The club was formed on September 13, 1933 by the unification of the cities two clubs: FC Rapid Salzburg and FC Hertha Salzburg.

In 1952-53 they reached the A-Liga for the first time, the highest division of Austrian football then, beating Kapfenberger SV in the play-offs. They played there for 3 seasons but were relegated in 1959. To stay in the league they signed Erich Probst, who was the second best scorer in the FIFA World Cup 1954. In 20 matches he scored 14 goals, which helped Salzburg stay in the league. He was also the first player of SV Austria who played for the Austrian national football team.

The next years were characterized by ups and downs. The first success was being second in the league in the 1971-72 season. This year was also their first year of playing in the UEFA Cup. The same year they made the Lehener Stadion their homeground. Two years later, in 1974, they reached the Austrian Cup final for the first time. However, the lost to FK Austria Wien 3-2 on global.

The best years of the club were between 1990 and 1997. In these years, the club reached the championship three times, played in the UEFA Champions League and played in the 1994 UEFA Cup final versus Inter Milan. They won their first Austrian Bundesliga title the same year, and the next year too. Their first Champions League in 1994 saw them reach the group stage, however, they were eliminated after finishing in third place out of four. In 2005 the Red Bull Company bought the club because the owners were having problems with money. Some traditional fans left the club and started a new club under the old name SV Austria Salzburg. Ever since 2005, the club has been named FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In 2005 the Red Bull Company bought the club because the owners were having problems with money. Some traditional fans left the club and started a new club under the old name SV Austria Salzburg. Ever since 2005, the club has been named FC Red Bull Salzburg. One of the aims of the new owners was to form a team which can play in the UEFA Champions League regularly. This was not reached but the new club was nevertheless successful. In the national league they reached four titles and were four times second. In 2008, they beat FC Banants of Armenia 10-0 on aggregate as part of qualification for the 2008-09 Europa League. In the 2009-10 Europa League the club won their group with 6 victories over Villarreal CF, SS Lazio and Levski Sofia. In the Round of 32 they lost versus Standard Lüttich. Also the next two Euro League group stages were reached. In the 2011–12 Europa League they got second in the group stage behind Athletic Bilbao. Although they lost 1-8 on aggregate to Metalist Kharkiv in the Round of 32, they beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 in the group stages.

In the 2013–14 season the team was very successful: They came in first place in the league and got to the round of 16 of the Europa League. In the Europa League, the club won all 6 of their group stage matches. Then they beat AFC Ajax 6-1 on aggregate in the round of 32, but unfortunately lost 1-2 to Basel in the round of 16. In the 2017–18 Europa League, Salzburg reached the semi-finals where they lost to Olympique de Marseille 2-3 on aggregate. They had also beaten Lazio, Borussia Dortmund, and Real Sociedad.

In the 2019-20 season Salzburg reached for the first time the Championsleague group stage. They played versus Liverpool F.C., S.S.C. Napoli and K.R.C. Genk. They reached the 3rd place with seven points. In the following round of 32 in the Euroleague they lost versus Eintracht Frankfurt 3:6. The next season they had to play a playoff-match versus Maccabi Tel-Aviv. With a 5:2 Salzburg qualified for the group stage and played against FC Bayern München, Atletico Madrid and Lok Moskau. As 3rd they played in the Euroleague versus Villareal but lost. In the 2021-22 season they were qualified versus Brøndby IF (4:2). In the group stage they played versus Sevilla F.C., Lille OSC and VfL Wolfsburg. As 2nd they were qualified for the Round of 16 for the first time in club history. There they lost versus FC Bayern München. (Home:1-1, Away: 1-7)

In the Championsleague group stage 2022-23 they played versus Chelsea, AC Milan and Dinamo Zagreb. They reached the 3rd place and played in the Europa Leage play off versus the later finalist AS Roma (1-0, 0-2). In the league they reached the 10th championtitel in a row. So they were qualified again for the UEFA Champions League. In the Cup they lost in the quarterfinals versus SK Sturm Graz. This team was also a hard opponent in the league.
On 19 July 2023 it was offialy announced that sporting director Christoph Freund left the club after 17 years and moved to FC Bayern München. On 28 July Jaissle was released from office because of negotiations with the Saudi club Al-Ahli SFC shortly before the start of the championship. In a press conference on July 31, 2023, Gerhard Struber was introduced as the new head coach. He received a two-year contract. He was a coach at the Red Bull Football Academy and at FC Liefering for eight years earlier. He has already worked once for Salzburg as an assistant coach.

With the 2023/24 season, FC Red Bull Salzburg will enter women's football .As first step, a U16 team will start championship at Bergheim. There will be a cooperation with FC Bergheim because there were good structures and several years of experience in women's football. 

On 4 August 2023 the girls played their first official match versus LASK. The score was 5:0.

After the Red Bull take over of SV Austria Salzburg some group of fans were unhappy because the new club has other colours and did not accept the history of the club. After some negotiations these fans left the club and founded a new one under the name SV (Sportverein) Austria Salzburg. The new club is playing in the Regionalliga West

In the meantime Red Bull Salzburg has 67 official fan clubs all over Austria. 
On Social Media the club has over one million followers. 

FC Liefering, which currently plays in the Austrian Second League, has been a reserve team for Salzburg.

"As of 9 September 2022

 

Austrian Bundesliga
Austrian Cup

Austrian Supercup

UEFA Cup
"<nowiki>*</nowiki> as Austria Salzburg"

UEFA Youth League
UEFA Champions League

The Red Bull Football and Icehockey Academy is the training center for the junior teams of FC Red Bull Salzburg and the EC Red Bull Salzburg. It was built from 2012 to 2014.It has training opportunities for 200 footballers and 200 icehockey players. You can find six football field and one indoor field. 120 footballers are in the boarding school. The Academy is connected with five schools. The principle of the Academy is 51% education and 49% sport.

The Academy has 8 youth teams (from U7 to U14) and three Academy teams (U15, U16, U18) which are playing in the Toto Jugendliga.



SK Sturm Graz

S.K. Sturm Graz is a football club which plays in Austria. It was founded in 1909 and the colors are black and white. Therefore they are nicknamed the "Blackies".
The club was founded on 1 May 1909. It was founded by teenagers between 16 and 18. The official foundation of the club was in 1912. From 1921 to 1949 Sturm won the styrian championship 11 times. During German occupation the club played his first season in the highest division, the Gauliga Ostmark, but was relegated the same year. 1949 Sturm entered the national league as first team which came not from Vienna. In 1981 the team had the first success, it finished second in the league and reached the quarterfinals of tne UEFA Cup.

With the new president Hannes Kartnig a new successful era started. In 1994 Ivica Osim became coach of the team. 1995 they finished second in the league and 1996 they reached their first title, the Austrian Cup beating Admira Wacker. In 1998 they reached the first title. In 1999 they also won the league.

The first time they played for the Champions League, they only got one point against Spartak Moscow of Russia. The second time they played there they reached the 3rd place in the group. In the 1999/2000 season of the Champions League they won the Group D versus Galatasaray Glasgow Rangers and AS Monaco.

After this success some key players left the club and also coach Ivica Osim. Since 2005 Sturm has had financial problems. Therefore Sturm was forced to play with young players. Under Franco Foda this way was successful, and now Sturm is one of the top four teams in the league. In 2010 they reached the third title and played in the qualification for the Champions League but lost in the play off round against BATE Borisov. 

In the 2010-11 season Sturm Graz reached their third championship. And 2017 and 2023mthey won the Cup.

 





LASK

L.A.S.K. Linz is a football club which plays in Linz, the capital of Upper Austria. They are playing in the First League, the second division in Austrias league system.
The club was founded on 7 August 1899 as Athletiksportclub Siegfried, the football section was founded in February 1919. The first match was on 4 May 1919 against Fußballverein Wels . LASK lost 1:4. Being the most successful section of the Athletiksportclub it was decided that the name of the club should be Linzer Athletik-Sport-Klub (Linzer ASK). Till the occupation by Germany in 1938 they reached many titels in the Upper Austrian league. In the 1938/39 season they were promoted to the Gauliga XVII, which was then the highest class in Austrian football. But they were relegated the same season.

After the Second World War LASK reached the title in Austrian highest class in the 1964/65 season. The LASK was the first team which came not from Vienna to do so. The same season they also won the Autrian Cup. The next decades were partly successful but also by relegetions to the second division. In 1997, due to public pressure, LASK Linz merged with city rivals FC Linz (formerly known as SK VOEST Linz) which, however, resulted in the cancellation of the latter. Club name, colors, chairmen and members remained the same.

In the 2010/11 season they were relegated. 2017 they were promoted to the Austrian Bundesliga again.

"As of December 2008."

F.C. Wacker Innsbruck (2002)

F.C. Wacker Innsbruck is a football club which plays in Austria. The club was founded in June 2002 after the insolvency of FC Tirol Innsbuck. The fans think this club is the successor but leagaly they are a new club.

The club started in the Regionalliga West (3 stage of Austrian football, this was possible because the club played together with WSG Wattens, a 3rd league club) and promoted within 2 seasons to the Bundesliga. In the 2006/07 season they avoided relegetion only because of the insolvency of the GAK. But the following season they were relegated to the 1st league(2nd stage of Austrian football). 2009 they won the championship again and promoted again to the Bundesliga. Till 2014 they played in the Bundesliga. 2014 to 2018 they played in the 2nd league. After one year in the Bundesliga (2018-19) they were relegated. Since that year they play in the 2nd league.

The second team (FC Wacker Innsbruck Amateure) is playing in the Regionalliga Tirol (3rd level).




The womenteam is playing in the Planet Pure Bundesliga.

Grazer AK

Grazer AK (or GAK) is a football club which plays in Austria. it was founded in 1902.
The club was founded by a group of students led by medical student Georg August Wagner from Prague. Due to this development the first football match in Austria with the FA rules took place in Graz. 1902 was the official start of the Grazer Athletik-Sport-Club. The club reached the Styrian Championship in 1922, 1924 and between 1926 and 1933 and was Austrian Amateur Champion in 1929, 1932 and 1933. One of the players of GAK was Rudi Hiden, who went to Wiener AC and became goalkeeper of the famous "Austrian Wunderteam". 1944 the matches were stopped due to the Second World War.

1946 the club begun again. 1951 it reached the highest class (Liga A) and, at the end of that season, the 6th position, which was the best of a club outside Vienna. In the following years the Athletics were established in the first class. 1962 and 1968 they where runners-up in the cup-final. Only because the league was reformed the club was relegated to the second division in 1974, but came back one year later. 1981 the Athletics gained first title as professional team when they won the Austrian cup, which also was the first title for a styrian team. From 1990 to 1995 the club was in the second league. They won the cup-title also in 2000, 2002 and were double winners in 2004.

2007 the club collapsed due to 15,2 mil. € debts. They had to go to the third league where they went bankrupt again and had to interrupt playing in october 2012. 

2013 they had to start over from the lowest (9th tier) league after being reestablished. Since then the club (named GAC due legal grounds initially) won every championship. For the Season 2017/18, they are in Landesliga Steiermark, 4th tier. In the 2019/20 season they came back to professional football being promoted to the 2nd league. In the 2022/23 season they finished 2nd and missed promotion in the last round.


Seasons since the re-foundation 2012

List of international games of GAK in UEFA-Cup, Champions League Qualification, Cupwinners' Cup and in Fairs' Cup:

1962/63:

1964/65:

1968/69:

1972/73:

1980/81:

1982/83:

1996/97:

1998/99:

1999/2000:

2000/01:

2001/02:

2002/03:

2003/04:

2004/05:

2005/06:

Total (in 1st Austrian League):
(Goals: 174:168)


Judge Joe Brown

Judge Joe Brown is an American television show. It is a courtroom series, shown in first run syndication. The judge, Joe Brown, decides who is telling the truth and who is lying. Joe Brown is famous for being in charge of the trial of James Earl Ray, the man who assassinated, or killed, Martin Luther King.

Curt Stern

Curt Stern (August 30, 1902 – October 23, 1981) was a German-born American geneticist. was a German-American geneticist of Jewish descent. Born in Hamburg, Germany, he studied zoology at the University of Berlin, receiving his PhD in 1923 at the age of 21. He was selected for a fellowship to study at Columbia University, then the site of Thomas Hunt Morgan's famous drosophila fly room.

Stern accepted an appointment at the University of Berlin after his fellowship ended. In 1931, he was the first to demonstrate crossover of homologous chromosomes in "Drosophila melanogaster", only weeks after Barbara McClintock and Harriet Creighton had done so with maize.
Stern eventually returned to the United States in 1932. He became an American citizen in 1939. From 1933 to 1947, he taught at the University of Rochester. From 1947 until his retirement in 1970, he was a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, where he had numerous doctoral students.

In 1936, he demonstrated that recombination can also take place in mitosis resulting in somatic mosaics, organisms that contain two or more genetically distinct types of tissues. He later demonstrated that there were multiple genes on the "Drosophila" Y chromosome, and described the mechanism of dosage compensation.

During World War II, he led research for the American government on low dose radiation safety. His laboratory group concluded that there is no "safe" threshold below which radiation is not harmful.

After the war his research focused on human genetics, pioneering in what is now known as gene regulation. Although not a physician, he engaged in clinical work in human genetics. In 1943 he began teaching a course in human genetics to medical students at the University of Rochester. The first edition of Stern's pioneering textbook "The Principles of human genetics" was published in 1949. Both his teaching and his textbook were instrumental in re-founding human genetics on a non-racist basis, in contrast with pre-war German and American traditions in the subject. Stern was a signatory of the 1950 UNESCO statement "The Race Question", a statement by leading scientists in many fields that questioned the validity and scientific foundations of racism.

The Curt Stern Award, established by the American Society of Human Genetics in 2001, recognizes a scientist who has made major scientific achievements in human genetics during the previous 10 years.


Thomas Hunt Morgan

Thomas Hunt Morgan (25 September 1866 – 4 December 1945) was an American geneticist and embryologist. Morgan took his PhD at Johns Hopkins University in 1890, and researched embryology while at Bryn Mawr College.

After the rediscovery of Mendelian inheritance in 1900, Morgan switched his research to the fruit fly "Drosophila melanogaster". In 1904, E.B. Wilson invited Morgan to join him at Columbia University. This move freed Morgan to focus fully on experimental work.
In his famous Fly Room at Columbia, Morgan was able to show that genes are carried on chromosomes and are the mechanical basis of heredity. These discoveries formed the basis of the modern science of genetics.

Morgan moved to California in 1928 to head the Division of Biology at the California Institute of Technology (CalTech). Research was focused on genetics and evolution; experimental embryology; physiology; biophysics and biochemistry.

He was given the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1933. It was the first one given for genetics, for his "discoveries concerning the role played by the chromosome in heredity". The prize was not shared with the lab's main researcher, Alfred Sturtevant, a decision of the Nobel Committee which was certainly controversial.

Morgan's early work with "Drosophila" was on the associations known as 'coupling' and 'repulsion', discovered by English workers in 1909 and 1910 using the Sweet Pea. These were, in reality, the same phenomenon, which was later called linkage. Morgan's first papers dealt with the demonstration of sex linkage of the gene for white eyes in the fly, the male fly being heterogametic (XY).

During his distinguished career, Morgan wrote 22 books and 370 scientific papers, and, as a result of his work, "Drosophila" became the main 'model organism' in genetics. The Division of Biology he started at the California Institute of Technology produced "seven" Nobel Prize winners.

Alfred Sturtevant

Alfred Henry Sturtevant (November 21, 1891 – April 5, 1970) was an American geneticist. Sturtevant made the first genetic map of a chromosome in 1913. In his career he worked on the fruit-fly "Drosophila melanogaster" with Thomas Hunt Morgan.

Morgan was both a help and a hindrance to Sturtevant. Morgan supported him through the early part of his career, but took much of the credit for the research. Morgan's Nobel Prize in 1933 was not shared with Sturtevant, who was the lab's main researcher.

Later in his career, Sturtevant had another important relationship, this time with Theodosius Dobzhansky. The research was into the genetics of natural populations of "Drosophila". This relationship, too, became uneasy, and they split up after a few years. Sturtevant was one of the most outstanding genetics researchers not to get a Nobel Prize. In 1967, Sturtevant received the National Medal of Science.


H. J. Muller

Hermann Joseph Muller, generally known as H. J. Muller, (21 December 1890 – 5 April 1967) was an American geneticist, educator, and Nobel Prize winner. He was best known for his work on the physiological and genetic effects of radiation, as well as his outspoken political beliefs. Muller frequently warned of the long-term dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear explosions.

Muller's life was as extraordinary as could be imagined. Born in New York City, he got his PhD at CalTech in Morgan's "Drosophila" fly lab. He next worked at Rice University, and then spent twelve years at the University of Texas. Then he moved to Berlin in 1932, then to Leningrad (St Petersburg), and then to Moscow. In all these places he organised a genetics lab, and sometimes taught as well. Then arose the scientific charlatan Lysenko, who saw to it that genuine genetics scientists came under the disapproval of Stalin. Once again Muller moved, this time to Edinburgh, with 250 strains of "Drosophila", then finally back to the United States in 1940, where he became an advisor to the Manhattan Project. He became Professor of Zoology at Indiana University.

Muller's Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1946 was "for the discovery that mutations can be induced by X-rays". By then the real interest lay in the same effects caused by gamma rays from nuclear testing. Muller was a wholehearted enthusiast for eugenics, socialism, atheism and other relatively unpopular ideas, but his real contribution was to genetics. One reputable source writes of him:

Hermann Muller

Several people are named Hermann Muller or Hermann Müller: 


Little Boy

Little Boy is the name that was given to the first atomic bomb that was dropped in a war. The bomb was dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 by the American army who were trying to end World War II. Enola Gay was the name of the plane that dropped Little Boy.

Fat Man

Fat Man is the name of the second atomic bomb ever made from plutonium and the second atomic bomb to be used in nuclear warfare. It is called Fat Man because of the round shape. It was dropped over the Japanese island of Nagasaki on August 9, 1945. More than a hundred of this kind were made after World War II.

Geography of Haiti

Haiti (; ) is a country in the Caribbean. It occupies the western three-eighths of Hispaniola; the Dominican Republic occupies the eastern five-eighths (63%) of the island.

The country has a total area of , of which 27,560 km² is land and 190 km² is water. Haiti has of coast-line and a border with the Dominican Republic.

The limits of the country are the Dominican Republic to the east, the Atlantic Ocean to the north, and the Caribbean Sea to the south and west. The capital, Port-au-Prince, is a seaport located on the west coast.

Cuba is to the northwest and Jamaica to the southwest of Haiti; the Winward Passage separates Cuba from Haiti (and Hispaniola), and the Jamaica Channel separates Haiti from Jamaica.

There are two large peninsulas: the Northwestern on the Atlantic Ocean, and the Southern peninsulas on the Caribbean Sea. The Northwestern, or just Northern, Peninsula () is also known as the Saint-Nicolas Peninsula; it was the first part of the Hispaniola visited by Christopher Columbus on 1492. The historical name of the Southern Peninsula () was Tiburón Peninsula.

Between those two large peninsulas there is a gulf (a very large bay): the Gulf of Gonâve. It is named so after the Gonâve Island that is in the middle of the gulf. It was called also Gulf of Léogane after the city of Léogane, one of the oldest in Haiti.

Haiti has a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "Trade winds" (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean, full of water vapour), which blow from the Atlantic all year long. In low lands with mountains to the northeast, the climate is arid (dry) because the trade winds leave their water in those mountains rather than the valleys and plains.

There are two rainy seasons, in spring and fall to the south, and in spring and winter to the north. From June to November (mainly from August to October), tropical storms and hurricanes are frequent and can do much damage in the country.

There are several smaller islands and cays that are part of Haiti. The largest islands are:

The chains of mountains show a direction northwest-southeast, except in the Southern Peninsula, where they have a direction west-east. The mountains are separated by valleys with the same general direction.

From north to south, the main mountain ranges and valleys are:

The river "Artibonite" is the longest river of the island and of Haiti. It is 321 km long (68 km in the Dominican Republic, 253 km in Haiti). Its sources are in the Cordillera Central (Dominican Republic) and flows into the Gulf of Gonâve. Its watershed has an area of 6,399 km² in Haiti and 2,614 km² in the Dominican Republic.

Another important Haitian river is the "Trois Rivières" (Three Rivers). It is 150 km long and its sources are in the Massif du Nord and flows into the Atlantic Ocean, near the city of Po//

Others lakes are "Étang de Miragoâne" (25 km²), of fresh water at 4 km southeast from the city of Miragoâne; and "Trou Caïman" (16.2 km²), a small lake at 6 km from Étang Saumâtre. 

<nowiki>https://www.shrek.com</nowiki> for more information

Mundari language

The Mundari language is a Munda language of the Austro-Asiatic language family. It is spoken by the Munda people.

Listed building

A listed building, in the United Kingdom, is a building that has been placed on the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest. This is a list of buildings that are important in terms of architecture, history, or culture. There are many buildings on this list. In the UK, there are about 500,000 listed buildings.

In England and Wales, there are three kinds of listed buildings:
There used to be a fourth kind of listed building: Grade III. This type has not been used since 1970.


Holborn

Holborn ( ) is an area of Central London, England. Holborn is also the name of the area's principal east-west street. The street runs from St Giles's High Street as High Holborn to Gray's Inn Road to Holborn Viaduct. It crosses the borders of the City of Westminster, London Borough of Camden and the City of London.


Poker Alice

Alice Ivers (February 17, 1851 – February 27, 1930), better known as Poker Alice, was a famous poker player. Her family moved from Devon, England, where she was born, to Virginia, United States, where she went to school and was raised. As an adult, Ivers moved to Leadville, Colorado where she met her husband Frank Duffield. Duffield was responsible for getting Ivers interested in poker, but he was killed a few years after they got married. Ivers made a name for herself by winning money from poker games in places like Silver City, New Mexico, and even working at a saloon that was owned by Bob Ford, the man who killed Jesse James 

“Poker” Alice Ivers was born on February 17, 1851 in Devon, England to Irish Immigrants. Her family moved to Virginia when Alice was 12. As a young woman, she went to boarding school in Virginia to become a refined lady. While in her late teens, her family moved to Leadville, a city in the Colorado Territory.

It was in Leadville that Alice met Frank Duffield, whom she married at a young age. Frank Duffield was a mining engineer who played poker in his spare time. After just a few years of marriage, Duffield was killed in an accident while resetting a dynamite charge in a Leadville mine.

Ivers was known for splurging her winnings, as when she won a lot of money in Silver City and spent it all in New York. After all of her big wins, she would travel to New York and spend her money on clothes. She was very keen on keeping up with the latest fashions and would buy dresses to wear to play poker.

Alice met her next husband around 1890 when she was a dealer in Bedrock Tom’s saloon in Deadwood, South Dakota. When a drunken miner tried to attack her fellow dealer Warren G. Tubbs with a knife, Alice threatened him with her .38. After this incident, Tubbs and Ivers started a romance and were married soon after.

Alice Ivers and Warren Tubbs had 4 sons and 3 daughters together. Tubbs and Ivers did not want their children to be influenced by the world of poker, so they moved to a house just northeast of Sturgis on the Moreau River in South Dakota. Tubbs was not only a dealer, but a housepainter as well. It was most likely this house painting that caused him to fall sick with tuberculosis. Warren Tubbs died in 1910 in of pneumonia during a blizzard. To pay for his funeral, Alice had to pawn her wedding ring, which led her back to the poker world.

Alice’s third husband was George Huckert, who worked on her homestead taking care of the sheep. Huckert was constantly proposing to Ivers, yet for a while she did not agree. Eventually, however, Ivers owed Huckert $1,008, so she married him figuring that it would be cheaper than paying his back wages. Huckert died in 1913.

First husband Frank Duffield introduced Alice to poker when she accompanied him to his poker games in Leadville. For a while she just attended, watching and observing, but eventually she started to play and gamble along with the men. However, it wasn’t until after her first husband died that she started to play poker seriously.

Alice was in a tough financial position, and after failing in a few different jobs including teaching; she turned to poker to support herself financially. Alice would make money by gambling and working as a dealer. Ivers made a name for herself by winning money from poker games in places like Silver City, New Mexico, even working at a saloon that was owned by Bob Ford, the man who killed Jesse James.

By the time Ivers was given the name “Poker Alice,” she was drawing in large crowd to watch her play and men were constantly challenging her to play. Saloon owners liked that Ivers was a respectable woman who kept to her values. These values included her refusal to play poker on Sundays.

As her reputation grew, so did the amount of money she was making. Some nights she would even make $6,000, an incredibly large sum of money at the time. Alice claimed that she won $250,000, which would now be worth over three million dollars.

Ivers used her good looks to distract men at the poker table. She always had the newest dresses, and even in her 50s was considered a very attractive woman. She was also very good at counting cards and figuring odds, which helped her at the table.

Alice was known to always be carrying a gun with her, preferably her .38. She was also known to smoke a lot.

In 1910, Ivers opened “Poker’s Palace,” a saloon in Fort Meade, South Dakota, which offered gambling and liquor downstairs, and prostitution upstairs. The saloon was always closed on Sundays, due to Iver’s religious beliefs. However, in 1913, some drunken soldiers disobeyed Iver’s “no work on Sunday” rule and started to get unruly, chaotic, and destructive of the house. It was then that Ivers shot her gun, supposedly to quiet the soldiers down. The shot ended up killing one of the soldiers and injuring another, resulting in Iver’s arrest, along with the arrest of six of her ‘girls’.

Iver’s time spent in jail was short, but she got through it with the help of reading the bible and smoking cigars. At the trial, she claimed self-defense and was acquitted. After the trial, her saloon was shut down.

While in her 60s, Alice Ivers was arrested several times after the “Poker Palace” incident for being a madam, a gambler, and a bootlegger, as well as her drunkenness. She would comply with the law and pay her fines, but keep her business still. In 1928, she was arrested again for bootlegging and her repeated offenses of holding a brothel. Despite this sentence to prison, Ivers did not end up having to stay, because she was pardoned by then Governor Bulow of South Dakota who did so because of her old age.

After being forced to retire by the anger of the military and other people who were upset with her blend of religious elements at her house in Sturgis, Alice’s health began to fail her. Alice Ivers died on February 27, 1930 in Rapid City after a gallbladder operation at the age of 79. Ivers was buried at the St. Aloysius Cemetery in Sturgis, South Dakota.

Strand underpass

The Strand Underpass (sometimes incorrectly called the Kingsway Underpass) is a vehicle tunnel in central London. It connects Waterloo Bridge to Kingsway near Holborn. It was built by John Mowlem & Co. It opened on 21 January 1964.

Southampton Row

Southampton Row is a major road running northwest-southeast in Bloomsbury, Camden, central London, England. The road is part of the A4200.

Victoria Embankment

The Victoria Embankment is part of the Thames Embankment, a road and walkway along the north bank of the River Thames in London. The Victoria Embankment extends from the City of Westminster into the City of London.

Charlton, London

Charlton is an area and an electoral ward in south-east London. It is in the London Borough of Greenwich. It is located between Greenwich and Woolwich.

Waterloo Bridge

Waterloo Bridge is a road and foot traffic bridge crossing the River Thames in London, England between Blackfriars Bridge and Hungerford Bridge.

The first bridge on the site was designed in 1809-10 by John Rennie for the Strand Bridge Company and opened in 1817 as a toll bridge. The granite bridge had nine arches, each of span, separated by double Grecian-Doric stone columns and was long, including approaches. Before its opening it was known as 'Strand Bridge'. During the 1840s the bridge gained a reputation as a popular place for suicide attempts. In 1844 Thomas Hood wrote the poem "The Bridge of Sighs" about the suicide of a prostitute there. Paintings of the bridge were created by the French Impressionist Claude Monet and English Impressionist, John Constable. The bridge was nationalised in 1878 and given to the Metropolitan Board of Works, who removed the toll from it.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.



Westminster Bridge

Westminster Bridge is a road traffic and foot bridge over the River Thames between Westminster and Lambeth, in London. It is right next to the Houses of Parliament.

Until Westminster Bridge was built in 1750, there was only one bridge crossing the River Thames.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.



Bloomsbury

Bloomsbury is an area of central London in the south of the London Borough of Camden.

Hop Exchange

The Hop Exchange is a Grade II listed building at No. 24 Southwark Street, London SE1. It is in the Bankside area of the London Borough of Southwark. It opened in 1867 and was designed by R.H. Moore. It served as the centre for hop trading for the brewing industry.


River Fleet

The River Fleet is the biggest of London's subterranean rivers.


The Angel, Islington

The Angel was originally an inn near a toll gate on the Great North Road (at what is now the corner of Islington High Street and Pentonville Road). The term now informally refers to this part of Islington in London. The corner itself is actually in Finsbury which was a separate borough until 1965 when the Metropolitan Borough of Finsbury merged with the Metropolitan Borough of Islington to form the London Borough of Islington.



Blackfriars, London

Blackfriars is an area of central London, which lies in the south-west corner of the City of London. It is also were Henry VIII sixth wife died and was buried

Kennington

Kennington is an area of South London, England, in the London Borough of Lambeth. It is a mixed class residential area, and is the location of The Oval, the well-known cricket stadium. 

Elephant and Castle

The Elephant and Castle is a major road intersection in inner south London, England, and is also used as a name for the surrounding district.

Battersea

Battersea is a large district in southwest London, part of the London Borough of Wandsworth, England. It is centred 3.5 miles (5.6 km) southwest of Charing Cross and extends along the south bank of the Thames Tideway. It includes the 200-acre (0.81 km) Battersea Park.

Wandsworth

Wandsworth is an inner suburb of London on the south bank of the River Thames in south-west London. Wandsworth takes its name from the River Wandle, which enters the Thames at Wandsworth. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.

Anti-abortion movement

The Anti-abortion movement is a group of people who believe that human life begins at conception and that the life of unborn children should be protected. Because of this, they oppose abortion, in some or all cases. As they favor the life of the unborn, they are also called pro-life. In 1960, there were the oral contraception pills and the sexual revolution started. The anti-abortion movement started in the early 1970s in the United States. The other movement that believes women should have a choice whether to end a pregnancy is called pro-choice. 

People who are anti-abortion say that all humans, including the unborn, have a right to live. They say that having a human genome is enough for a developing organism to be called a living human being. Others say that an organism should be identified as a living human once a heartbeat has been detected. Pro-lifers say that abortion should be illegal. Many pro-lifers say pregnant women who do not want to raise a child should look for alternatives to abortion, such as adoption.

Many advocacy groups try to convince people that abortion is wrong. 

The pro-life movement is associated with conservative politics. In one poll in the United States, 66% of conservatives called themselves pro-life. It is also associated with the Catholic Church. Pope Francis has said that "Every child that isn't born, but is unjustly condemned to be aborted, has the face of Jesus Christ, has the face of the Lord."

In 2022, many countries have laws that say that abortion is possible for a certain amount of time, without penalty.

In 1973, the U.S. supreme court decided that the article in the laws of a state that banned abortion was unconsitutional. This decision is known as Roe v. Wade today which legalized abortion across all states. 

In 2022, the Supreme Court reversed the 1973 decision. They ruled that the consitution of the United States does not give the right to privacy under the 14th Amendment, and therefore abortion is not protected. The case that was heard is Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization.

Dunning–Kruger effect

The Dunning–Kruger effect is a bias in thinking, usually where a person is unaware of how badly they grasp a subject, not understanding that they are failing at it. They mistakenly think that they are doing as well as "average" or even "above average".

It is a psychological effect in which people don't realize their level of knowledge or ability in a subject. People who know little about a subject will think that they know more than they actually know. People of low ability may not have enough intelligence to fully grasp how complicated something can be, causing them to overestimate their knowledge or ability. This can cause them to underestimate the intelligence of a high ability person who claims something is complicated when they falsely believe they understand it fully. 

This effect was shown in an experiment that was done by Justin Kruger and David Dunning at Cornell University.

The investigators said:

In 2000, Dunning and Kruger were awarded the Ig Nobel Prize in the field of psychology for their study.


Interferometer

Interferometers are for measuring the interference properties of light waves. One of their purposes is to measure things precisely, for example in the Michelson interferometer.


Chris Terreri

Christopher Arnold Terreri (born November 15, 1964 in Warwick, Rhode Island) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who played for four professional teams of the NHL. He won the Stanley Cup two times with the New Jersey Devils. He is currently the goaltending coach of the New Jersey Devils of the NHL.

Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy

Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy is a 2004 American comedy movie set in San Diego in 1975. It was produced by Judd Apatow and directed by Adam McKay. The movie is number 100 on "Bravo's 100 funniest movies", and 113 on "Empire's 500 Greatest Movies of All Time". It was narrated by Bill Kurtis. It was released on July 9, 2004. A sequel, "" was released on December 18, 2013.



Tic

A tic is a sudden body movement that a person can't control. It might be a jerking movement of the hand, or blinking a lot, or a throat sound. Even if the person is told that they are doing it, they usually can't stop. Sometimes if they try really hard, they can make the tic go away for a little bit, but they can't make it go away all the time. It's kind of like when you have something in your throat, eventually you just have to cough.

Tics can be either "motor tics" or "phonic tics." If they are "motor tics" it means they're movements, like blinking or shrugging shoulders. If they are "phonic tics" it means they're sounds, like clearing your throat, sniffing, or yelling.

Tics are common in childhood, four to twelve percent of all children have tics. Very often this is transitory, tics rarely last longer than six months. Boys have tics more often than girls. About three times more boys than girls have tics. Sometimes, people can have a "tic" in the family, meaning that more than one member has a tic, or that a parent used to have a tic.

Some tics can be treated, usually with behaviour therapy. In cases where the tic is difficult to treat, antipsychotics are sometimes used.


Boards of Canada

Boards of Canada (commonly abbreviated BoC) are a Scottish electronic music duo of two brothers Mike Sandison (born June 1, 1970) and Marcus Eoin (born July 21, 1971). They are signed with Warp Records and have released several works on that label with little advertising and few interviews, while also having a secret, privately released back-catalogue of albums on their self-run Music70 label. They have also recorded four tracks under the alias Hell Interface.

Boards of Canada's music is part like the warm, analog sounds of 1970s media and contains themes of childhood, nostalgia and the natural world. Mike and Marcus have mentioned the documentary movies of the National movie Board of Canada, from which the group's name is derived, as a source of inspiration.

Growing up in a musical family, brothers Mike and Marcus Eoin began playing instruments at a young age. They experimented with recording uses at around the age of 10, using tape machines to layer cut-up samples of found sounds over compositions of their own. In their teens they went in a number of amateur bands; however, it was not until 1986 when Marcus was invited to Mike's band that Boards of Canada was born. By 1989, the band had gone down just to Sandison and Eoin. In the early 1990s, a number of collaborations took place and the band put on small shows among the ""Hexagon Sun"" collective.

In early 2000, the website for the band, Music70.com, removed the early discography of Boards of Canada, although some information has been preserved by fans. Early tape releases by Boards of Canada include "Play By Numbers", "Acid Memories", "Hooper Bay", and the earliest known release by the band is titled "Catalog 3". None of the material from those days is readily available, and since official Boards of Canada sources deny the existence of these albums, there seems to be little chance for this early material ever to be seen publicly.

Jon Cryer

Jonathan Niven "Jon" Cryer (born April 16, 1965) is an American actor, screenwriter and film producer. He is the son of David Cryer (born 1936) and Gretchen Cryer (née Kiger, born 1935). He played "Alan Harper" in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men" from 2003-2015. He has won an Emmy Award and has three Emmy nominations for "Two and a Half Men".

Cryer went to London to study acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts.

Owl City

Owl City is an American pop music project by Adam Young.

He had a hit with a song called Fireflies in 2010. It was the number one song in United States of America for two weeks. He has written several songs, including Vanilla Twilight. In 2012 he had a hit song with Carly Rae Jepsen, called Good Time.

While Young writes, composes, records, and produces all of Owl City's music (not including The Midsummer Station, which was mostly written by other people), during live performances he is accompanied by a group of supporting musicians:


William Bateson

William Bateson (Yorkshire, 8 August 1861 – 8 February 1926) was a British zoologist, a Fellow of St. John's College, Cambridge University. He was the first person to use the term genetics to describe the study of heredity, and the chief populariser of the ideas of Gregor Mendel, after their rediscovery in 1900 by Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns.

Bateson became famous as a mutationist who believed evolution took place by jumps. Later, Ronald Fisher and J.B.S. Haldane showed that discrete mutations were compatible with gradual evolution: see the modern evolutionary synthesis.

Bateson was the first to suggest the word "genetics" to describe the study of inheritance, in a letter to Adam Sedgwick, dated April 18, 1905. Bateson first used the term "genetics" publicly at the Third International Conference on Plant Hybridization in London in 1906. Although this was three years before Wilhelm Johannsen used the word "gene" to describe the units of hereditary information, De Vries had introduced the word "pangene" for the same concept already in 1889 and etymologically the word genetics finds its origin in Darwin's concept of pangenesis.

Bateson co-discovered genetic linkage with Reginald Punnett, and he and Punnett founded the "Journal of Genetics" in 1910. Bateson also coined the term "epistasis" to describe the genetic interaction of two independent traits. So important from 1900 to 1910, he was almost a bystander for the next ten years because he refused to accept the role chromosomes played in genetics. At last, in 1921, a visit to T.H. Morgan's fly lab convinced him, but by then he could no longer recover his influence.

Beretta 92

A Beretta 92 is a pistol and is one of the most famous pistols of the Italian company Beretta. It fires 9x19mm cartridges and it can hold 15 of them. It is the standard side-arm of many police and military units and the United States Army. In the US Army, the pistol got the name M9.

After the US military ended its ban on foreign-made weapons, its allies in NATO pressured the US to adopt a 9mm handgun to replace the M1911 because NATO has a rule that all NATO countries must use weapons with the same kinds of ammunition.

Ice Climbers

The Ice Climbers are a series of video games produced and developed by Nintendo. The series is about Popo and Nana, also known as the "Ice Climbers". The games were first produced in 1985. The plot of the game was to get stolen vegetables back from a giant condor on 32 ice-covered mountains. Popo and Nana have also appeared in the Super Smash Bros. series.

Ray J

William Raymond Norwood, Jr. (born January 17, 1981), better known by his stage name Ray J, is an American singer, songwriter, actor, television personality, and rapper. He is the son of gospel singer Willie Norwood and Sonja Bates-Norwood, the cousin of rapper Snoop Dogg and the younger brother of R&B singer Brandy.

Ray J was born William Raymond Norwood, Jr. in McComb, Mississippi and grew up in Carson, California. At age eight, he began auditioning for and appearing in television commercials; he played the foster son in "The Sinbad Show."

Norwood was signed to Elektra Records in 1995 and recorded his debut album "Everything You Want" the next year. "Let It Go" appeared on the "Set It Off" soundtrack (Brandy also appeared on the soundtrack; and her song "Missing You" with Tamia, Chaka Khan and Gladys Knight peaked also at number 25). It peaked number 25 in the U.S. and number 11 in New Zealand. The second single peaked at number 54 on the U.S. R&B chart. In 1997, he performed in a television special with his sister Brandy but was dropped from the label. According to Bradley Torreano of allmusic, "his easygoing image and boyish looks appealed to the producers of Brandy's television show, "Moesha"", giving him a role on the UPN series starting in 1999 as Brandy's little cousin, D-Money. He produced, putting together the music for several commercials and a few of the demos for his second record.

Ray J recorded "Another Day In Paradise" with Brandy, which was a Top Ten success in Austria, UK, Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, Belgium, Norway, Ireland, the Netherlands and number 11 in Australia and France. The song was the lead single of the R&B/Hip Hop tribute "Urban Renewal", in which he co-produced and performed songs. Norwood also worked with The Neptunes, Rodney Jerkins and Lil' Kim, and several other producers and singers for his second studio album "This Ain't A Game". The album was released in 2001. The lead single "Wait A Minute" peaked at #30 on the U.S. Hot 100 chart and #8 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. "Formal Invite" followed at #54 on the R&B chart.

In 2002, Norwood appeared in the video for his sister's "What About Us", which was produced by Jerkins, and was released as her third album, "Full Moon"'s lead single during the first quarter of 2002 (see 2002 in music). While "What About Us?" entered the Top 20 on the majority of the charts it appeared on, it reached the Top 10 in Australia, Denmark, New Zealand, Norway, the Philippines, the UK, and the United States.

After a two year break, Ray J returned to recording studios, adding the finishing touches on his third studio album "Raydiation" with help from producers such as Rodney Jerkins, Timbaland, and R. Kelly. A joint venture by Sanctuary Records and Ray-J's own label, independent Knockout Entertainment, the album was finally released on September 27, 2005 in North America after several delays, debuting at number forty-eight on the "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 18,321 copies in the first week. Boosted by the album's lead single "One Wish," a top 20 success in Ireland, New Zealand, the UK, the U.S.. "Raydiation" eventually sold over 400,000 copies domestically.

In 2005, Norwood joined the cast of UPN's "One On One", where he played the character of D-Mack for the final season.

Recently, Knockout Entertainment announced a multi-million dollar album deal with Koch Records and Shaquille O'Neal's "Deja 34" entertainment company. The first album for this deal is Ray J's fourth album "All I Feel", which features The Game and Yung Berg among others. It was released on April 1, 2008. The album's first single is "Sexy Can I" featuring rapper Yung Berg peaked at number three on the Top Singles (Hot 100) for six weeks. A video for the track, directed by R. Malcolm Jones, was shot in December 2007.

In 2007, a sex tape was released of Norwood and then-girlfriend Kim Kardashian. 

Norwood recently starred in his own VH1 reality dating show, For the Love of Ray J.
The show premiered on February 2, 2009. For his show on March 24, 2009 he released the soundtrack/studio album called "For The Love Of Ray J". He dated Cocktail for several months before they split, partly due to rumors of Ray J dating Tila Tequila. On November 2, 2009 a second season of the show, For the Love of Ray J (season 2), premiered.





Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram

Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram or Wat Phra Kaew, the "Temple of the Emerald Buddha", is one of the most sacred Buddhist temples in Thailand. It is in the grounds of the Grand Palace. It is the only temple in Bangkok that does not have monks. This temple is famous for the statue of Buddha, which is really made from jade, not emerald. The king of Thailand is the only person allowed to go near the Emerald Buddha. The king changes the clothes on the Buddha three times every year. In summer the Buddha is dressed in a crown and jewelry; in winter he wears a golden shawl, and in the rainy months he wears a gold robe and headdress. 

The temple was started in 2325 B.E. during the reign of King Rama I and finished in 2327 B.E. The temple was built to hold the Buddha statue which is believed to have been made in Thailand in the 14th century. Captured by the Cambodians in 1552, the statue was kept in Laos for 214 years until King Rama I recaptured it. He brought it with him when he moved his capital to Bangkok in 1784. The design of this temple was copied from Wat Phrasrisanphet in the Ayudhaya period. Because Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram is important, it is renovated every 50 years.

Colossal squid

The colossal squid, "Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni", is the biggest squid in the world, 9–10 metres (30–33 feet) long.

The colossal squid is bigger than a giant squid. Its body is reddish brown and it lives up to 2000m below the surface of the Southern Ocean. It is the main food eaten by sperm whales. The colossal squid has ammonium chloride in its body, so it tastes bad for humans.

It is believed to feed on prey such as chaetognatha, large fish like the Patagonian toothfish and other squid in the deep ocean using bioluminescence.

The colossal squid is thought to have a slow metabolic rate, requiring only around 30 g of prey daily. Estimates of its energetic demands suggest that it is a slow-moving ambush predator, using its large eyes primarily for predator detection rather than active hunting.

The eye is 27 cm (10.63 in) wide, with a lens 12 cm across. This is the largest eye of any known animal. These measurements are of the partly collapsed specimen: when living the eye was probably 30 to 40 cm (12 to 16 in) across.

The Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa is displaying this specimen in an exhibition which opened in 2008. A website on the squid specimen is also available.

James Morrison

James Morrison, born November 11, 1962, is famous Australian jazz musician. He has played with people such as B. B. King and Ray Charles. 

He was born Boorowa, New South Wales. He started playing trumpet at the age seven. He also plays trombone, euphonium, flugel horn, tuba, saxophones, and piano. In 1979, aged 16, he performed at the Monterey Jazz Festival, and graduated from the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music the next year. He was given the Mo Award, for the Australian Performer of the Year in 1990. In 2000 he played the opening fanfare for the Sydney Olympic Games.


I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! (often shortened to I'm a Celebrity or I'm a Celeb) is a British survival reality television show, The format sees a group of celebrities living together in a jungle camp for three weeks. 

Each member undertakes challenges to secure additional food and treats for the group, and to avoid being voted out by viewers during their stay, with the final episode's votes nominating who wins a series. It’s currently presented by Declan Donnelly and Ant McPartlin, it was previously hosted by Holly Willoughby for 2018. 

The UK version of the show takes place in Queensland, Australia and airs every November-December on ITV1 in the UK. The current presenters are Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly. The previously host was Holly Willoughby.

A group of celebrities (usually between 8 and 12) are sent into a jungle in Australia. They must live there in a camp for three weeks and may come across many bugs and creatures. 

Every day, someone has to do a task known as a "bush trucker trial". The public has to vote on which celebrity has to do it apart from in the first two or three days. Sometimes, near the end of the series the celebrities decide who participates in the trail. To make the trials more challenging, they put some creepy crawlies with them. All trials have stars, and they earn stars for meals back at the camp. If a celebrity doesn't win any stars, they will be given rice instead of a meal.

In most versions of the show, the public get to vote for which celebrity they want to stay in the jungle. The celebrity with the least votes is eliminated. This happens until only one remains.

Like "Big Brother", the show has a lot of cut scenes. One of them has a spider which catches a bug and spins it around and makes an amusing sound.

In 2002, Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly were announced as the hosts of the show.

In 2018, Ant McPartlin was suspended from television and he was replaced on the show. In November 2018, Holly Willoughby was announced to host the show alongside Donnelly replacing McPartlin.

In 2019, it was announced that McPartlin will be returning to the show alongside Donnelly replacing Willoughby.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! Camp leader is currently No one



Crossing over

Crossing over is a basic concept of genetics and cell biology, often called recombination. It occurs during meiosis.

Crossing over is the exchange of chromosome segments between non-sister chromatids during the production of gametes. The effect is to assort (shuffle) the alleles on parental chromosomes, so that the gametes carry "combinations" of genes different from either parent. This has the overall effect of increasing the variety of phenotypes present in a population.

The process can be seen directly in stained cells, and indirectly if there are genetic markers or not on the chromosomes. The visible crossovers are called chiasma (plural: chiasmata), which is Greek for a cross. F. A. Janssens was the first to suggest what chiasmata meant.

The large-scale effect of crossing over is to spread variation through a population. This is the main result of sexual reproduction compared to non-sexual modes of reproduction.

The main advantage to the parents is the greater variety in their offspring. This, it is thought, increases the chance that some of the offspring will survive and reproduce. This has been the subject of much investigation and discussion.

Chromatid

Chromatids are the daughter strands of a duplicated chromosome which are joined by a single centromere. When the centromere divides, the chromatids become separate chromosomes.

Each of the two daughter chromatids contains the same DNA and chromatin protein as its original chromosome. But in meiosis, crossing over (exchanges) take place between two of the non-sister chromatids. This has profound consequences: it produces genetic recombination, and increases the variability of gametes.

Wat Pho

Wat Pho (more fully Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram) is the "Temple of the Reclining Buddha". It is the one of the most important Buddhist temples in Thailand. With 99 pagodas, this temple has the most pagodas in Thailand. It is the largest and oldest Buddhist temple in Bangkok, and home of Thailand's largest Buddha. It is the temple where the art of Thai massage was developed.

The important pagodas are the pagodas of King Rama I, King Rama II and King Rama IV. This temple was rebuilt from the old Wat Photaram from the Ayudhaya period by King Rama I in 1788. It took seven years and five months and 18 days to finish. King Rama I changed the name from “Photaram” to “Phracheatupon Vimonmungkrawat”. King Rama III (1824—1851) did a lot of repairs to the building. King Rama IV renamed this temple "Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram". Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram is a popular place for tourists.
The "Reclining Buddha" (Phra Buddhasaiyas) is long and high. It was made during Rama III's work on the temple. His body is covered in gold, his eyes and feet have mother-of-pearl decorations. The bottom of his feet have 108 scenes made from the shells on them in both Chinese and Indian style. 

Habbo

Habbo, or Habbo Hotel, is a virtual game on the Internet which is for teenagers. It is played by lots of people at once so is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game. The chain of websites is owned by the Sulake Corporation and has been online since 2000. Habbo has services in many countries and have over 10 million unique visitors every month.

Habbo is a popular online community for teens to chat with each other, and establish their own creative world. This site was founded and launched in Finland, the main location in the gaming system is known as a hotel lobby.

Habbo money is known as a “credit” which was be purchased in numerous ways, and in different currencies from other countries and can be paid for using a credit card, or registering with a mobile phone.

This gaming site became popular in a few international countries, not online including the United States but also in the UK, Finland, Japan, Switzerland, Spain, Italy and Sweden.

Kay Jewelers

Kay is an American jewelry company that is all around the world. Its slogan is, "Every kiss begins with Kay". The tag line was written in 1997 by a Senior Art Director named Randall Herrera working for an agency called Stern Advertising in Pepperpike Ohio. It was one of several lines offered up to Kay Jewelers and is still going strong to this day.

Its headquarters are in Akron, Ohio.

Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard

Marshal of the Royal Air Force Hugh Montague Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard GCB OM GCVO DSO (3 February 1873 – 10 February 1956) was a British Army officer who commanded the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) from August 1915 to January 1918. The RFC was followed by the Royal Air Force (RAF), which was founded in March 1918.

Trenchard, who learnt to fly in 1912, eventually became Chief of the Air Staff in 1919. In that position he reorganised the Air Ministry, and laid the foundations of the Royal Air Force.

Trenchard was Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 1931 to 1935. The Commissioner is the highest ranking police officer in the United Kingdom, despite the fact that his authority is generally confined to Greater London.

As a boy Trenchard found learning difficult. He failed many tests and only just got into the British Army as an officer. Trenchard first went to India with the Army and he then asked to go to South Africa because he wanted to fight in the Boer War. During the fighting, Trenchard was shot in the chest and became unable to walk properly because of damage to his back. He returned to England where a doctor told him to go to Switzerland because the air was better than in England. Trenchard became bored and started to bobsleigh. After crashing on a fast bend, Trenchard was able to walk properly - because his back was fixed. After his health got better still, Trenchard returned to the war in South Africa.

In 1912, Trenchard learned to fly and joined the Royal Flying Corps. He became the second most important man at the Central Flying School in England and had several important jobs in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. Trenchard was the man in charge of the Royal Flying Corps in France from 1915 to 1917. In 1918, he was the first man in charge of the Royal Air Force for a short time. He then went back to France to take over the Royal Air Force bombing attacks on Germany. Winston Churchill put him back in charge of the Royal Air Force in 1919. Over the next 10 years, Trenchard started Air Force training bases and made sure that it was used to enforce the law in parts of the British Empire. In the 1930s Trenchard was in charge of the London's police force (the Metropolitan Police) and as an older man he argued for keeping a big RAF. In modern times, some people say that Trenchard was one of the first people to argue for strategic bombing.


Danaus (genus)

Danaus is a genus of butterflies. "Danaus" is in the family Nymphalidae. Species in this genus are commonly known as Tigers or Monarchs.


"Danaus" at www.funet.fi

Harold Lloyd

Harold Clayton Lloyd, Sr. (April 20, 1893 – March 8, 1971) was an American actor, comedian, and stunt performer who appeared in many silent comedy films.

His movies usually had "thrill" sections where Lloyd would be in fast chases and performed his own stunts. Lloyd did these dangerous stunts himself even though a movie accident had caused the loss of his right thumb and index finger.

Although Lloyd's movies were not as commercially successful as Chaplin's, Lloyd made a lot more money than Chaplin during their movie years. ($15.7 million to Chaplin's $10.5 million).

Lloyd died of prostate cancer. 

Marc-Antoine Charpentier

Marc-Antoine Charpentier (born near Paris, 1643; died Sainte-Chapelle, Paris, 24 February 1704) was a French composer. He lived in the period known as the Baroque period. His most famous music is his "Te Deum". This work begins with a prelude which today is extremely popular. It was the signature tune for the European Broadcasting Union where it was used to introduce programmes such as the Vienna New Year's Concert and the Eurovision Song Contest. It is often used as a voluntary for weddings.

We do not know much for certain about his early life. He went to Italy where he learned a lot by studying the music of Italian composers. He studied with the composer Giacomo Carissimi for several years.

When he returned to France he got a job as musician to the Duchess of Guise who was a rich lady who employed several musicians. He worked for her for many years, both as a singer (he had a high tenor voice known in French as an “haute-contre”), and as a composer. When the great playwright Molière stopped working with Lully he asked Charpentier to work with him. He wrote music for several plays by Molière including "Le malade imaginaire". After Molière's died in 1673, Charpentier continued to write for other playwrights such as Thomas Corneille and Jean Donneau de Visé. He often used more musicians than he was allowed (only Lully, the king’s composer, was allowed to use lots of musicians for his performances). In the end Charpentier stopped writing music for plays.

In 1679, Charpentier was invited to compose for the king’s son, the Dauphin. The Dauphin had a private chapel and Charpentier wrote religious music for him. In 1683 he was given a royal pension. In April of that year he became very ill and could not work for a time.

From late 1687 to early 1698, Charpentier was "maître de musique" to the Jesuits, Soon he stopped composing big works such as oratorios and concentrated on smaller works for church worship which were sometimes played by a large number of players. He also was music teacher to the Duke of Chartres.

In 1698 he was made maître de musique at the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris. This was one of the top musical jobs in France (the only better job in sacred music in France was director of the royal chapel at Versailles). He kept this job until his death in 1704. After his death nearly all the works he wrote for the Chapel were destroyed. This was the usual procedure when a maître de musique died. His famous Mass "Assumpta Est Maria" has survived. Perhaps that is because it was not composed for the Chapel.

Charpentier’s compositions include oratorios, masses, operas, and many smaller works. He also wrote a lot of music for plays. Many of his smaller works for one or two voices and instruments he called "air sérieux" or "air à boire" if they are in French, but "cantata" if they are in Italian.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie; 1980; 

Geneviève Bujold

Geneviève Bujold (born 1 July 1942) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her portrayal of Anne Boleyn in the 1969 movie "Anne of the Thousand Days".

Bujold was born in Montreal, Quebec, into a Catholic French Canadian working-class family. She received a strict convent education for twelve years. After that, she entered Montreal's Conservatoire d'art dramatique. There she was trained in the great classics of French theatre. She made her stage debut as Rosine in Beaumarchais' "Le Barbier de Séville" in 1962.

Bujold got her first major break in 1965, while on a theatrical tour in Paris. She was noticed by French director Alain Resnais, who offered her a role in his movie "La guerre est finie", opposite Yves Montand. This led to her staying in France for a time. There she appeared in two other movies: Philippe de Broca's "Le Roi de Coeur", opposite Alan Bates, and Louis Malle's "Le voleur", opposite Jean-Paul Belmondo.

Back in Canada, Bujold married screenwriter/director/producer Paul Almond in 1967. She starred in three of his movies; "Isabel" (1968), "The Act of the Heart" (1970) and "Journey" (1972). She won the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two. The couple divorced in 1973, but worked again together in "Final Assignment" (1980) and "The Dance Goes On" (1991). The latter also featured their son Mathew Almond (born in 1968). 

Bujold appeared in Michel Brault's "Entre la mer et l'eau douce" (1967). She appeared in Claude Jutra's "Kamouraska" (1973), and won her third Canadian Film Award for best actress for that role. 

Bujold made notable appearances on American television ("Hallmark Hall of Fame", NBC) in George Bernard Shaw's classic plays; "Saint Joan" in 1967, and "Caesar and Cleopatra" in 1976, the later opposite Sir Alec Guinness. She also appeared in Jean Anouilh's "Antigone" in 1974 (Great Performances, PBS). 

International recognition came in 1969, when Bujold portrayed Anne Boleyn in Charles Jarrott's movie "Anne of the Thousand Days", opposite Richard Burton's Henry VIII. Her performance won her the Golden Globe Award for best actress in a leading role and an Academy Award nomination in the same category. The following year, she played Cassandra in Michael Cacoyannis's movie version of "The Trojan Women", opposite Katharine Hepburn, Vanessa Redgrave and Irene Papas.

Bujold is fluent in both French and English. She has worked steadily in the United States, Canada and France. Notable movies have included; "Earthquake" (1974), "L'incorrigible" (1975), "Swashbuckler" (1976), "Obsession" (1976), "Another man, another chance" (1977), "Coma" (1978), "Murder by Decree" (1979), "Monsignor" (1982), "Tightrope" (1984), "Choose Me" (1984), "Dead Ringers" (1988), "The Moderns" (1988), "Les noces de papier" (1989), "Mon amie Max" (1994), "The House of Yes" (1997), "Eye of the Beholder" (1999), "Finding Home" (2003), etc.

In 1994, she was chosen to play the lead character in the popular television series "". She made headlines when she quit after the first episode, finding the shooting schedule too demanding. 

Geneviève Bujold has lived in Malibu, California, since 1974. She has a second son, Emmanuel (born in 1980), with companion Dennis Hastings.



Andris Nelsons

Andris Nelsons (born November 18 1978) is a Latvian conductor. He is particularly known as the conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra.

Nelsons was born in Riga, Latvia. His parents were both musicians. His mother started the first early music group in Latvia. His father plays the cello and conducts choirs.

Nelsons learned to play the trumpet. He played the trumpet with the Latvian National Opera. He had always wanted to be a conductor. The conductor Mariss Jansons taught him to become a good conductor. In 2003 Nelsons became principal conductor of the Latvian National Opera. He stayed with them for five years. In 2006, he became chief conductor of the Nordwestdeutsche Philharmonie of Herford, Germany, for three years.

FourCC

FourCC (Four Character Code, 4CC) is identifier of length of four bytes used to identify type of data format (e.g. video codec used in AVI multimedia container).

The same video format can be (in dependency to used codec) denoted by several different FourCC codes. Even there is no exception to the rule to use more FourCC codes for that format by same codec. For example, some different DivX codec versions denote MPEG-4 ASP format by codice_1 and codice_2 codes. Therefore, selection of this code depends on used codec and thus on used multimedia framework.


Fred Penner

Frederick Ralph Cornelius Penner, CM (born November 6, 1946) is a Canadian TV host who is famous as a children's entertainer. Penner does concerts and lectures across North America. From 1985 to 1997 he had his own television show called ""Fred Penner's Place."" It was shown on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation television network. It was co-produced and shown on Nickelodeon in 1989 and 1990.

Fred Penner was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He began writing songs when he was only four years old. He taught himself how to play guitar. He learned that he could use his music to communicate and educate his sister who had Down Syndrome.

After he graduated from university he worked with mentally and physically challenged children by using music to comfort and entertain them. Penner recorded an album of the music he used to educate his mentally challenged students. The album was called ""The Cat Came Back."" He also recorded a song of the same name which became a very famous children's song. 

He sang "The Cat Came back" on the popular children's TV show ""Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"" in 1984. The following year the CBC network gave Penner his own TV show.

In 1991 he was made a Member of the Order of Canada. He was given this honour for his years of "using music and song to entertain and educate his young audience".


Frasin

Frasin is a town in Suceava County, Romania. The Suceava River is 2 nautical miles to the northwest of Frasin, and Vama is 3.5 nautical miles west of Frasin.

Frasin (disambiguation)

Frasin can be any one of several places in Romania:


MyWikiBiz

MyWikiBiz is a wiki directory that lets people write about themselves. It began as a service creating Wikipedia articles for paying corporations. The site was founded by Gregory Kohs, a market researcher.

Gregory Kohs and his sister started the MyWikiBiz venture in Pennsylvania in July 2006, first as a paid editing service, writing content for Wikipedia and other sites. The legitimacy of the idea was supported by the English Wikipedia’s Reward Board, where interested parties would offer cash rewards or gifts to create or improve Wikipedia articles.


Topiary

Topiary is the art of creating sculptures by clipping trees and bushes (shrubs). The shrubs used in topiary are evergreen, have small leaves, and produce dense foliage. Common plants used in topiary include bay laurel, holly bushes, myrtle and privet hedges. Shaped wire cages are sometimes used in modern topiary but traditional topiary depends on using special scissors with patience and a steady hand. Notably, the Samban-Lei Sekpil is the tallest topiary plant in the world. 
The word derives from the Latin word for an ornamental landscape gardener. A friend of Julius Caesar introduced Rome to the topiary. In Japan and China they have “cloud pruning” where they cut bushes into the shapes of clouds and “Karikomi”, where they cut large shrubs into curved shapes and objects. Bonsai is a form of topiary. During the 16th century in Europe, typical traditional topiary included geometric shapes: balls, pyramids, cones, and spirals. In the 20th century, Walt Disney used topiaries in the form of his cartoon characters to decorate his theme parks.

Aldwych tramway station

Aldwych tramway station was a tram stop that was underneath Kingsway. The tramway station should not to be confused with Aldwych tube station. The stop is part of the Kingsway tramway subway.

Services running from Angel Islington to Aldwych started on 24 February 1906. Services from Highbury & Islington station to Tower Bridge and Kennington Gate started on 10 April 1908.

The station closed on 6 April 1952.

The Strand Underpass, which opened in 1964, comes to surface level part way through the former location of the Aldwych tramway station. No sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel however.


1969–70 NHL season

The 1969–70 NHL season was the 53rd season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Twelve teams each played 76 games. The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the St. Louis Blues four games to none in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

1970–71 NHL season

The 1970–71 NHL season was the 54th season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Fourteen teams each played 78 games. The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the Chicago Black Hawks in seven games in the final series. The Buffalo Sabres and the Vancouver Canucks made their NHL debuts this season.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor

Francis I (Francis Stephen; 8 December 1708 – 18 August 1765) was the consort of Maria Theresa of Austria. With his wife, he was the founder of the Habsburg-Lorraine dynasty. From 1728 until 1737 he was Duke of Lorraine, but lost Lorraine when he had to give it to France. He was the father of Marie Antoinette, the Queen of France.

He married Maria Theresa of Austria for love. with the input of the Prince of Craon. They had sixteen children who are named here:



Alexander Selkirk

Alexander Selkirk, (1676 - 13th December 1721) also known as Alexander Selcraig, was a Scottish sailor. He became famous for his amazing story of survival and is likely to have inspired Daniel Defoe to write the book "Robinson Crusoe".

He was on an expedition when the captain of the ship, Captain Stradling, left him on an island off the coast of Chile. Selkirk's job on board was the navigator. He controlled where the ship needed to go and where it was then. He had an important job. He tried to warn the captain about necessary repairs, but the captain ignored Selkirk and continued sailing. Selkirk knew the ship was to drown at any given moment and tried to demand the repairs were taken care of but nobody listened. They had stopped at an island to restock fresh water and supplies. Selkirk said he would rather stay on the island than continue to ride on a dangerous, leaky ship. So, there he was left. He had last-minute second thoughts and tried to get back onto the ship, but Stradling refused. Selkirk was marooned on that island for about four years and had to rely on himself and his skills for survival.

At the time of his rescue, he had been gone for about four years. He was very familiar with crafting things himself out of resources on the islands and having to use his survival skills. He heard noises and when he went to find out what it was, he saw ships on the horizon. He didn't know if they were on his side or enemies, but he knew he had to try. He got their attention and so they sailed over to his island. Once they had beached on the shore, Selkirk came out from the bushes with his hands up. It turned out they were English and on his side. They let him aboard their ship, and they were at sea for another year, stopping off at a few places, before returning to England.

When he returned, his story was written down by a person in his town and has been made into a slightly different version by Daniel Defoe who named it Robinson Crusoe. 'Robinson Crusoe' has been rewritten many times by lots of different people. There were some differences like how Crusoe was stranded for over twenty years and Selkirk, four. Even though this story was based on Selkirk, the island he deserted was renamed Robinson Crusoe Island after being called Juan Fernández Island.

Robert Gould Shaw

Robert Gould Shaw (October 10, 1837 in Boston, Massachusetts – July 18, 1863 in Morris Island, South Carolina) was a colonel during the American Civil War. He led the all African American 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment.

Shaw died leading his troops attacking Fort Wagner in 1863, aged 25.

Robinson Crusoe Island

Robinson Crusoe Island is the largest of three islands in the Juan Fernández archipelago, belonging to Chile. The island is also known as Isla Más a Tierra or Aguas Buenas. More than 800 people live on the island, which is from the coast of South America. In 1966, Chile renamed it Robinson Crusoe Island, because Alexander Selkirk had spent about four years alone there. Selkirk may have been the person who inspired Daniel Defoe to write the book "Robinson Crusoe".

Buster Keaton

Joseph Frank "Buster" Keaton VI (October 4, 1895 – February 1, 1966) was an American actor, comedian and director. He is most famous for his silent films which showed his skill at physical comedy.

The magazine "Entertainment Weekly" listed Keaton at number seven on their list of ""The Greatest Directors of All Time."" And in 1999 the American Film Institute placed Keaton at 21 on their list of ""The Greatest Male Actors of All Time.""

Famous movie critic Roger Ebert wrote that Keaton's ""extraordinary period from 1920 to 1929, he worked without interruption on a series of movies that make him, arguably, the greatest actor-director in the history of the movies.""

In a 2002 worldwide poll by ""Sight & Sound"" Keaton's 1927 movie titled ""The General"" was number 15 on their ""Best movies of All Time"" list. Three other Keaton movies were also added to the magazine's survey.


Russian roulette

Russian roulette is a deadly game played with a revolver. In the game, there is only one bullet in one of the six cylinder slots of the revolver. The person then closes the cylinder, spins it, places it against their head or sometimes inside their mouth and pulls the trigger, in hopes that the loaded cylinder slot hasn't aligned with the barrel and will therefore fire. The person therefore has a one-in-six chance of killing themselves.

It is done either for bravado, boredom, suicide or other reasons. It sometimes used in fiction as part of interrogations, where the interrogator asks the suspect if he wants to play a game of Russian roulette and palms the bullet.


Nude beach

A nude beach is a beach where people can swim (or do other activitiers) without having clothes on. These beaches usully come in different varietires:


Young children running around naked are often tolerated, on most beaches in Europe.This applies to children aged to about 5 years old.

In many parts of Europe, nudity on the beach is often at least tolerated. The beaches where it is forbidden, and the ban is enacted are rare.

For example, there is a public nude beach called Haulover Beach near Miami, Florida. There is a public nude park usually called Hippie Hollow Park (but officially called McGregor Park) on a lake near Austin, Texas. There is an admission charge and children are not allowed. There are several nude beaches in California. People are nude at one end of a public nude beach called Crystal Crescent Beach near Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. There is a public nude beach called Hanlan's Point Beach on an island near downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. There is a public nude beach called Wreck Beach in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. There is a public nude beach close to New York City called Gunnison in Sandy Hook, New Jersey.

There are many nude beaches in Europe and Australia

Undercroft

An undercroft is traditionally a cellar or storage room, often brick-lined and vaulted, and used for storage in buildings since medieval times.

Buddha Bar

Buddha Bar is a Parisian bar and restaurant. It is in Boissy-d'Anglas street, in the 8th district of Paris, famous for its atmosphere. The franchise has expanded with similarly themed Buddha Bar venues in Prague, Kyiv and London, among others.

October 2012 saw the launch of Buddha-Bar London and Parisians, Tarja Visan has brought her expertise across the channel and into the heart of Knightsbridge.
Buddha-Bar London aims to push culinary boundaries and the menu blends Far Eastern cuisine with Western tastes and influences. Chinese, Japanese, Thai and other Eastern flavours are stylishly entwined to spearhead a new-wave Pacific Rim cuisine. Dishes created especially for London include Venison Tataki, Smoked Duck and Foie Gras Gyoza, Dragon Scallop and Pan-fried Seabass with Shiso Butter.


Edwards syndrome

Trisomy 18, also known as Edwards syndrome is a trisomy. It is a genetic disorder. People with trisomy 18 have three copies of chromosome 18. "Normal" people have two copies of the chromosome. It is named after John H. Edwards, who first described the syndrome in 1960. It is the second most common autosomal trisomy, after Down Syndrome, that carries to term. 

It is estimated that about one in 3,000 live births are affected. The incidence increases as the mother's age increases. The syndrome has a very low rate of survival. People with Edwards syndrome often have heart abnormalities, kidney malformations, and other internal organ disorders. 

About 95% of the babies with Edwards syndrome die before they are born. About half of all babies born with the condition will reach two months of age, and only 5-10% will survive for a year. The median life span is five to fifteen days. One percent of children born with this syndrome live to age ten, typically in cases of the less severe mosaic Edwards syndrome. 

Thames Embankment

The Thames Embankment is a major feat of 19th century civil engineering. It reclaimed marshy land next to the River Thames in central London. 

The Embankment now runs on the northern side of the river from Parliament in Westminster to the City of London. It is a continuous four-lane road (mostly a double carriageway). It connects with all the bridges along the route from Westminster Bridge to Blackfriars Bridge.

It was built in two parts, the Victoria and the Chelsea Embankment, but it is now unified. Londoners regard it as a single road, the Embankment. There is a much smaller road on the south side of the river, called the Albert Embankment.

London Transport Executive

The London Transport Executive (LTE) was the organisation responsible for public transport in the Greater London area, England, United Kingdom, between 1948-1963. In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000, the public name and operational brand of the organization was London Transport.

Strand, London

The Strand is a street in the City of Westminster, London. It runs parallel with the Thames on the northern side. It links the City of London with the centre of London at Charing Cross and Trafalgar Square. The Strand is the southern boundary of the Covent Garden district. Covent Garden is the space once occupied by a famous fruit and vegetable market, and is now a huge pedestrian-only plaza with many commercial outlets.

The Strand passes Aldwych, and joins directly with Fleet Street at Temple Bar. The street is just over three-quarters of a mile long. It includes many commercial premises, two theatres, and hotels. The most notable hotel is the Savoy Hotel, one of the grand London hotels.
The road's name comes from the Old English "strond", meaning the edge of a river. The street was much identified with the British upper classes between the 12th and 17th centuries, with many historically important mansions being built between the Strand and the river. These included Essex House, Arundel House, Somerset House, Savoy Palace, Durham House and Cecil House. The aristocracy moved to the West End during the 17th century, and the Strand became known for its coffee shops, restaurants and taverns. 

The street was a centre point for theatre and music hall during the 19th century, and several venues remain on the Strand. At the east end of the street are two historic churches: St Mary le Strand and St Clement Danes. This easternmost stretch of the Strand is also home to King's College, one of the two founding colleges of the University of London. In addition to the current Somerset House, other important structures include the Royal Courts of Justice and Australia House.

Parnassiinae

Parnassiinae is a subfamily of butterflies. It belongs in the family Papilionidae. They are commonly known as Apollos and Parnassians. The butterflies in this subfamily are only found in the Holarctic Region (the Holarctic Region is the northern part of North America and Eurasia).

The caterpillars and adults are poisonous to vertebrates. The caterpillars are thought to be Müllerian mimics with millipedes. The adult butterflies are thought to be Müllerian mimics with adult Whites.

After mating, the male glues a structure to the end of the female's abdomen. This keeps the female from mating again. This structure is called a sphragis.


The two species listed here are extinct. They are also of uncertain placement.



Milot

Milot, (Kréyòl: "Milo") is a town in northern Haiti, in the "arrondissement" (part of a Haitian department) Acul-du-Nord, Nord department; the town is on the northern foothills of the "Massif du Nord" mountain range.

The most important economic activity in Milot is farming. Some crops are sugar cane, cacao, tobacco and citrus fruits like orange.

After the Haitian independence, the country was divided in two parts and the northern part was made a kingdom by Henri Christophe and he made Milot the capital of his kingdom.

Christophe built a palace in Milot where he and his family lived; the palace was named "Sans-Souci". He also built a fort, "Citadelle Laferrière", high in the mountains at about 8 km from Milot, and some smaller forts in Ramiens, on the road to the "Citadelle". These buildings are now part of the Natural History Park - Citadel, Sans Souci, Ramiers, a World Heritage Site designated by the UNESCO in 1982.

Islam in Austria

Islam is a minority religion in Austria with 4.22% of the population in the 2001 census. Most Muslims came to Austria after 1960. They were migrant workers from Turkey and Ex-Yugoslavia. There are also communities of Arab and Pakistani origin.

The westernmost Bundesland Vorarlberg has the highest share of Muslims in the country with 8.36%. There is a lot of industry there. It is followed by the capital Vienna with 7.82%. The central Bundesländer Salzburg, Upper Austria, Tyrol and Lower Austria have an average Muslim population. The south-eastern states of Styria, Carinthia as well as Burgenland in the east have fewer Muslims than the average.

Austria is unique among Western European countries. It is until now the only country that has granted Muslims the status of a recognized religious community. They were first recognised after Austria-Hungary's annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1878. Austria has regulated the religious freedoms of the Muslim community with the so called "Anerkennungsgesetz" ("Act of Recognition"). This law was reactivated in 1979 when the Community of Muslim Believers in Austria ("Islamische Glaubensgemeinschaft in Österreich ") was founded. This organization has the right to give lessons of religious education in state schools. It could also collect "church tax", but so far it has not exercised this privilege. It does not build, finance or administer mosques in Austria.

Parallel structures exist within the Islamic religious group. The religious life takes place in mosques belonging to organisations. These organisations represent one of the currents of Turkish, Bosnian and Arab Muslims. Among the Turkish organisations, the "Federation of Turkish-Islamic Associations" is controlled by the Directorate for Religious Affairs, whereas the other groups, such as the "Süleymancı"s and "Milli Görüş" can be seen as branches of the pan-European organisation centered in Germany.


Clever Hans

Clever Hans (in German, der Kluge Hans) was a horse that was supposed to be able to do lots of difficult mathematical sums and solve complicated problems. Later, it was discovered that the horse was giving the right answers by watching the reactions of the people who were watching him.

Hans was a horse that lived in Germany in the early 20th century. He belonged to a man called Wilhelm von Osten. Von Osten was a teacher who taught mathematics at a local school. He was an amateur horse trainer.

This was a time when people were becoming interested in how intelligent animals were. This was largely because of what Charles Darwin had been writing about.

Von Osten taught Hans to add, subtract, multiply, divide, work with fractions, tell the time and date, read and spell and to understand German. If he asked the horse a question such as: "What is 12 plus 12", the horse would tap its hoof 24 times. Von Osten traveled round the country with Hans, showing off his clever horse to the public.

Scientists became interested in Clever Hans. The psychologist Carl Stumpf got a group of people together to study what was happening. His assistant Oskar Pfungst was the main investigator. The horse almost always gave the right answer when he could see his owner. He also gave the right answer if someone else asked him a question. This showed that Von Osten was not deliberately giving him secret signs.

Pfungst provided the horse with blinders, which meant the horse could see only straight ahead. If he could see the person asking him the question, he got the answers right 89% of the time. If the person asking the questions was standing to the side, where the horse could not see, the answers were right only 6% of the time. Also, the horse did not get the answer right if the person asking the question did not know the answer himself.

When the horse could answer the question, it started to tap more slowly when it got near to the right answer. Then it stopped when it got to the right answer. This showed that the horse was watching the person asking the question, and could sense when the person was expecting him to stop. Von Osten probably did not realize that he was giving the horse signals just by looking at him. The horse was, indeed, clever to guess what was wanted of him, but of course it did not understand the mathematics. The final proof was that Pfungst discovered how to signal to the horse, by slightly raising his eyebrows. Then he could get the horse to give any response he wanted.

This effect is often called the "Clever Hans effect". It is used in psychology to describe when an animal or a person senses what someone wants them to do, even though they are not deliberately being given signals. It is important to take this effect into account when testing animals' intelligence or human intelligence. An animal may need to be separated from its trainer if their true intelligence is to be observed. On the other hand, an animal may be upset when it cannot see its trainer, so it might not give the right answer. This problem can often be solved by creating a situation in which the trainer does not know the right answer.

The Clever Hans effect is famous, and has been used in popular culture. For example, there is an episode of "The Simpsons" ("Smart and Smarter"), in which Lisa Simpson becomes jealous of her baby sister Maggie because Maggie seems to be even more intelligent than Lisa. Then it is discovered that Maggie has been watching Lisa so carefully that she could sense what the answers were. Lisa is relieved to discover this.


Rick Mercer

Richard Vincent "Rick" Mercer (born October 17, 1969) is a Canadian comedian who has been on shows like "This Hour Has 22 Minutes" and his own show "The Rick Mercer Report".

Mercer is openly gay.

London Passenger Transport Board

The London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) was the organisation responsible for public transport in London, England, United Kingdom, and its environs from 1933 to 1948. In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000, the public name and operational brand of the organisation was London Transport.

Historically, bus routes run by London Transport were grouped by the type of service that they provided.

The 1924 London Traffic Act imposed a numbering scheme known as the Bassom Scheme, named after Chief Constable A.E. Bassom of the Metropolitan Police who made it. Changing and short lines used letter suffixes. The numbers were grouped also by the company that operated the route.

The numbering was revised in 1934 after London Passenger Transport Board was formed:


County of London

The County of London was a county of England from 1889 to 1965, corresponding to the area today known as Inner London. It was created as part of the general introduction of elected county government in England, by way of the Local Government Act 1888.


Brockley

Brockley is an area and electoral ward of the London Borough of Lewisham in England. It is about south east of Charing Cross, it is covered by the London postcode district SE4.

Downham

Downham is a district occupying much of the boundary between the London Borough of Lewisham and the London Borough of Bromley; it is the name of an electoral ward covering much of the area on the Lewisham side. Downham was named in honour of Lord Downham, who was chairman of the London County Council between 1919-20.

Archway, London

Archway is an area of north London in the London Borough of Islington. 

Howie Morenz

Howard William Morenz (June 21, 1902 – March 8, 1937) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played centre for three National Hockey League (NHL) teams: the Montreal Canadiens (in two stints), the Chicago Black Hawks, and the New York Rangers. Before joining the NHL, Morenz was a very good player in the junior Ontario Hockey Association, where his team played for the Memorial Cup, the championship for junior ice hockey in Canada. In the NHL, he was one of the best players in the league and set several league scoring records. A strong skater, Morenz was called the "Stratford Streak" and "Mitchell Meteor" because he was very fast.

Considered one of the first stars of the NHL, Morenz played 14 seasons in the league. He was a member of a team that won the Stanley Cup three times, all of them being the Canadiens. During his NHL career he was in the top 10 leading scorers ten times. For seven seasons in a row Morenz led the Canadiens in both goals scored and points. Three times in he was named the most valuable player of the league, and he led the league once in goals scored and twice in points scored. He was named to the NHL All-Star Team three times.

Morenz died from problems with a broken leg, an injury he suffered in a game. After his death, the Canadiens stopped using his jersey number, the first time the team had done so for any player. When the Hockey Hall of Fame opened in 1945, Morenz was one of the first 12 people to be added. In 1950, the Canadian Press named him the best ice hockey player of the first half of the 20th century.



Norbury

Norbury is a town in the London Borough of Croydon, on the border with the London Borough of Lambeth and the London Borough of Merton. It shares the postcode London SW16 with nearby Streatham. Norbury is south of Charing Cross.

Waterloo station

Waterloo station, also known as 'London Waterloo', is a major railway terminus in London. It is owned and operated by Network Rail. It is near the South Bank in the London Borough of Lambeth, and in Travelcard Zone 1.


Highbury

Highbury is an area in the London Borough of Islington.

Leyton

Leyton is an area of East London and part of the London Borough of Waltham Forest, northeast of Charing Cross. It borders Walthamstow and Leytonstone; Stratford in Newham; and Homerton and Lower Clapton in the London Borough of Hackney. 

There is a professional football team based in Leyton called Leyton Orient F.C. 

Tooting

Tooting is a suburb in the London Borough of Wandsworth in south London. It is south south-west of Charing Cross. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.

Atomic radius

The atomic radius of an element is the distance between the nucleus and the edge of the electron cloud. 

The atomic radius is rather hard to define, because it is impossible to know where all of the electrons are at a given time. 

In the periodic table of the elements, the atomic radius tends to increase as you move down a group because the number of electrons is greater, and so the radius of the circle of electrons in the element is bigger. As you move to the right across a period, the atomic radius tends to decrease due to the shielding effect.

Dale Davis

Dale Davis (born March 25, 1969) is a retired NBA basketball player who played the positions of center and power forward. When he played in the NBA, he played with the Indiana Pacers, the Portland Trail Blazers, the Golden State Warriors, and the Detroit Pistons. He played college basketball at Clemson University.

Underpinning

In construction, underpinning is the process of strengthening and stabilizing the foundation of an existing building or other structure. Underpinning may be needed for a many of reasons: 


Epistasis

Epistasis is the interaction between genes at different loci. It was a term invented by William Bateson in 1909.

When Gregor Mendel did his experiments on the sweet pea, he chose seven traits, such as round vs wrinkled peas, and tall vs short plants. He found the plants had pairs of 'factors' (genes) which controlled their appearance (phenotype). However, one pair of factors "never affected the other pairs". But with epistasis, the action of one gene does affect another gene, even one on a different chromosome. 

Use of the term has varied somewhat. Its original meaning was quite narrow: for instance, a gene for "no wings" in "Drosophila" will obviously mask genes for any other aspect of the wings. In general, however, epistasis denotes any departure from independence of the effects of different genetic loci.

Holborn tramway station

Holborn tramway station (not to be confused with Holborn tube station) was a tram stop underneath Kingsway in central London. It was part of the Kingsway tramway subway route. When the station opened opened it was named "Great Queen Street".

Services from Angel Islington to Aldwych started on 24 February 1906. Services rom Highbury station to Tower Bridge and from Highbury station to Kennington Gate started on 10 April 1908.

The station closed just after 12.30am on 6 April 1952. Much of the station remains in the disused tunnel but there is no public access.


Epigenetics

Epigenetics is the study of changes in gene activity which are "not" caused by changes in the DNA sequence. It is the study of gene expression, the way genes bring about their phenotypic effects. An organism's cells are, genetically, nearly identical. There are, however, certain occurrences that can change how genes are expressed or suppressed.

These changes in gene activity may stay for the rest of the cell's life. They may last for many generations of cells, through cell divisions. However, "there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism". Instead, non-hereditary factors cause the organism's genes to behave (express themselves) differently. Epigenetics works by mechanisms such as DNA methylation, where a gene expression may be suppressed. 

Epigenetic factors may last into adulthood.
A general definition is "the study of... gene activity during the development of complex organisms". Thus "epigenetic" can be used to describe anything other than DNA sequence which influences the development of an organism.

A stricter or narrower definition is "the study of mitotically and/or meiotically heritable changes in gene function which cannot be explained by changes in DNA sequence". More simply, it is the study of cell division where there are "changes in gene expression that cannot be explained by changes to the DNA of the cell". 

The term "epigenetics" has been used to describe processes which are not heritable. An example is histone modification. So some definitions do not require heritability. Adrian Bird defined epigenetics as "the structural adaptation of chromosomal regions so as to register, signal or perpetuate altered activity states". This definition includes DNA repair or cell division phases, and stable changes across cell generations. It excludes others such as prions unless they affect chromosome function. 

The NIH Roadmap Epigenomics Project uses the definition: "...For purposes of this program, epigenetics refers to both heritable changes in gene activity and expression (in the progeny of cells or individuals), and also stable, long-term alterations in the transcriptional potential of a cell".

In 2008, a consensus definition of the epigenetic trait, "stably heritable phenotype resulting from changes in a chromosome "without alterations in the DNA sequence"", was made at a Cold Spring Harbor meeting.

A somewhat out of date but otherwise reliable and readable account is from "The Guardian" newspaper.

Genomic imprinting in this context means "tagging a gene for the lifetime of the individual". Tagging is the basic operation where cytosine amino acids have a methyl group added by the enzyme DNA methyltransferase. This changes the operation of that gene to be (usually) more favourable to the individual. Usually, it switches the gene off. 

In general, the advantage of this is to keep the gene output in the most favourable condition for the lifetime of the particular individual. 

Imprinting is giving rise to much medical research at present.

Imprinting seems to have evolved only about 150 million years ago in animals. It seems largely confined to mammals. However, it may have originated separately (and earlier) in plants.

The best example of epigenetic changes in eukaryotes is the process of cell differentiation, where a less specialized cell becomes more specialized. During morphogenesis, generalised stem cells become the cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells. In other words, a single fertilized egg cell – the zygote – divides and changes into all the many cell types: neurons, muscle cells, epithelium, blood vessels etc.

As the embryo develops, some genes get switched on, while others are switched off or moderated. This process is called gene regulation. There are many molecules inside the cell nucleus which do the job of adjusting the genes' output.

DNA and histones make up what is called chromatin. Epigenetic modifications to the chromatin are copied during cell division. This produces a line of cells, all of which are alike. This is called a tissue.

Meiosis cancels epigenetic changes, and resets the genome to its baseline state, so the process unfolds in each new generation. There are some exceptions to this rule, but none of these exceptions involve changes to DNA base pair sequences.

This process is different from mutations of the DNA. Genetic mutations change the primary DNA sequence, and mutations can happen in any cell. However, only mutations in cells involved in reproduction can affect the offspring.

Forms of genetic imprinting have been found in plants and filamentous fungi.

Cell differentiation

Cellular differentiation is how a less specialized cell becomes a more specialized cell type. It is part of developmental biology. Different tissues have different kinds of organelles inside the cells. 

Differentiation occurs many times during the development of a multicellular organism. The organism changes from a single zygote to a complex system of tissues and cell types. Differentiation is also a common process in adults: adult stem cells divide to make fully-differentiated daughter cells during tissue repair and during normal cell turnover.

Differentiation dramatically changes a cell's size, shape, metabolic activity, and responsiveness to signals. These changes are largely due to changes in gene expression. With a few exceptions, cellular differentiation almost never involves a change in the DNA sequence itself. It does involve switching off many genes not needed in a particular tissue. Thus, cells in different tissues may have very different physical characteristics despite having the same genome.

"Cell potency" is a cell's ability to differentiate into other cell types. A cell that is able to differentiate into many cell types is known as "pluripotent". Such cells are called stem cells in animals and meristematic cells in higher plants. A cell that is able to differentiate into all cell types is known as "totipotent". In mammals, only the zygote and early embryonic cells are totipotent, while in plants many differentiated cells can become totipotent with simple laboratory techniques.

Morphogenesis

Morphogenesis (meaning the "beginning of shape"), is the biological process that causes an organism to develop its shape. 

It is one of three fundamental aspects of developmental biology along with the control of cell growth and cellular differentiation. 

The process controls the organized spatial distribution of cells during the embryonic development of an organism. Morphogenetic responses may be induced in organisms by hormones, by substances produced by other organisms, or by mechanical stresses induced by spatial patterning of the cells. Morphogenesis can take place in an embyro, a mature organism, in cell culture or inside tumor cell masses.

Gastrulation

Gastrulation is a phase early in the development of most animal embryos. In it, the embryo is dramatically restructured by cell migration.

Gastrulation varies in different phyla. It is followed by "organogenesis", when individual organs develop within the newly formed "germ layers".

The gastrula is the double-walled stage of the embryo. During gastrulation, some of the cells of the blastula migrate inwards to make an inner layer, the "endoderm". In some animals another cell layer forms, the "mesoderm", between the endoderm and the "ectoderm".

Among animals, sponges show the simplest organization, having a single germ layer. Cnidaria and ctenophores show an increase in complexity, having two germ layers, the "endoderm" and "ectoderm". All higher animals (from flatworms to humans) possess a "mesoderm" as well as ectoderm and endoderm.

The purpose of gastrulation is to position the 3 embryonic germ layers, the endoderm, ectoderm and mesoderm. These layers later develop into certain bodily systems.



Wat Phra-sri Rattana Mahathat

Wat Phra-sri Rattana Mahathat or Wat Yai is the most important monastery of Phitsanulok. It was built in the reign of Phra Maha Thamma Racha I in 1357 BCE. In the temple, there is a Buddha image called Phra Buddha Chinnaraj. The pearl inlaid wooden doors of the temple were built by King Borommakot in 1756 as tribute to Phra Buddha Chinnaraj. Behind the temple, there is a large pagoda high with a staircase leading up to the niche containing the Buddha relics. In front of the pagoda, there is Phra Attharos, a standing Buddha image.

Jikji

Jikji is the oldest extant movable metal type book in the world.

"Jikji" is the short title of a Korean book whose full title can be translated as "Anthology of the Great Priests' Zen Teachings". It is a Buddhist document, and was printed during Korea's Goryeo era in 1377.

"Jikji" is a book about Zen Buddhism published in Heungdeok temple. It was written by the Buddhist monk Baegun who died three years before this edition was printed. Baegun was the chief priest of the Anguk and Shingwang temples in Haeju. 

"Jikji" was published 78 years before Johannes Gutenberg's "42-Line Bible". "Jikji" consists of two volumes. Only the second volume is extant. This volume is held in the National Library of France. UNESCO confirmed "Jikji" as the world's oldest metalloid type book in September 2001, and includes it in the "Memory of the World" program. 

Bibliothèque nationale de France

The Bibliothèque nationale de France is the National Library of France in Paris. 

The National Library of France was founded at the Louvre by Charles V in 1368. It grew under Louis XIV and opened to the public in 1692. 

Following a series of regime changes in France, it became the Imperial National Library and in 1868 it moved to new buildings on the Rue de Richelieu. In 1896, the library was the largest collection of books in the world.

In 1988, President François Mitterrand agreed to build a new modern library. It now contains more than twenty million volumes.

The library has 5,000 Greek manuscripts and the Jikji (the oldest printed document with movable type).


Fitness (biology)

Fitness in biology is the relative ability of an organism to survive and pass on its genes to the next generation. It is a central idea in evolutionary theory. Fitness is usually equal to the proportion of the individual's genes in all the genes of the next generation.

Like all terms in evolutionary biology, fitness is defined in terms of an interbreeding population, which might or might not be a whole species. If differences in individual genotypes affect fitness, then the frequencies of the genotypes will change over generations; the genotypes with higher fitness become more common. This is the process called natural selection.

An individual's fitness is caused by its phenotype, and passed on by its genotype. The fitness of different individuals with the same genotype are not necessarily equal. It depends on the environment in which the individuals live, and on accidental events. However, since the fitness of the genotype is an averaged quantity, it reflects the reproductive outcomes of "all" individuals with that genotype.

Fitness measures the number of the "copies" of the genes of an individual in the next generation. It doesn't really matter how the genes arrive in the next generation. For an individual, it is equally "beneficial" to reproduce itself, or to help relatives with similar genes to reproduce, "as long as similar number of copies of individual's genes get passed on to the next generation". Selection which promotes this kind of helper behaviour is called kin selection.

Our closest relatives (parents, siblings, and our own children) share on average 50% (half) of our genes. One step further removed are grandparents. With each of them we share on average 25% (a quarter) of our genes. That is a measure of our relatedness to them. Next come first cousins (children of our parents' siblings). We share 12.5% (1/8) of their genes.

William Hamilton added various ideas to the notion of fitness. His rule suggests that a costly action should be performed if:
Fitness costs and benefits are measured in fecundity.

Inclusive fitness is a term which is essentially the same as fitness, but emphasises the group of genes rather than individuals.

Biological fitness says how well an organism can reproduce, and spread its genes to its offspring. The theory of inclusive fitness says that the fitness of an organism is also increased to the extent that its close relatives also reproduce. This is because relatives share genes in proportion to their relationship.

Another way of saying it is: "the inclusive fitness of an organism is not a property of itself, but a property of its set of genes". It is calculated from the reproductive success of the individual, plus the reproductive success of its relatives, each one weighed by an appropriate coefficient of relatedness.

The British social philosopher Herbert Spencer coined the phrase "survival of the fittest" in his 1864 work "Principles of biology" to mean what Charles Darwin called natural selection. The original phrase was "survival of the best fitted".

Cilla Black

Cilla Black (27 May 1943 – 1 August 2015) was a English television personality, singer and actress. Her birth name was Priscilla Maria Veronica White and she was born in Liverpool. She became known for her songs "Anyone Who Had A Heart" and "You're My World" as well as her long-running TV shows "Blind Date" (1985-2003) and "Surprise Surprise" (1984-2001).

In the early 1960s, young Cilla worked at the Cavern Club in Liverpool, where the Beatles often performed, as a hat check girl. She also sang onstage at the Cavern sometimes, backed by the band that was playing at the time. "Swinging Cilla" was well-liked by the Cavern's members and guests.

One day Brian Epstein visited the Cavern to meet the Beatles, and ask about a record they made, so he could sell copies at his family's music store. Stories rose later that Cilla was working, and she first met Epstein when he gave her his hat and coat. Neither one remembered this later, though, and each believed the story was not true.

Epstein's getting to know the Beatles led to his becoming their manager, and with his help, they won a recording contract. The Beatles' talent and work with music producer George Martin led to hit records. Epstein decided to manage other Liverpool musicians. Along with the bands and male singers he signed up, Epstein chose Cilla as his only female performer. He suggested her stage name (changing White to Black), so she and her family could keep their privacy. Martin also agreed to record her, helping choose songs that would showcase her voice.

Cilla became popular first in England and Europe, then in America as the Beatles' music started the "British Invasion" there in 1964. One of her first hits, "Anyone Who Had A Heart", was recorded earlier by American singer Dionne Warwick. The two records sounded similar, even though Cilla had not heard Warwick's version, and a few people believed she had copied it. Both women later also recorded the theme song for the movie "Alfie", but they sounded different.

Cilla had other hit records, including "You're My World" and a television theme song, "Step Inside, Love". Epstein enjoyed working with her, even helping her choose wardrobe for performances and looking after her backstage, but personal problems later took away his attention. He died in 1967, after a drug overdose.

In time, Cilla Black stopped having hits. She remained popular in England, though, and was a welcome hostess and guest on television. She also made appearances from time to time, to sing the songs from the time she was most popular.

In later years, her health became poor. Arthritis made walking painful, and she was nearly deaf. She admitted that she did not want to live past 75 years old, because she enjoyed her life less and less as she aged.

Cilla Black died of a stroke after a fall at her holiday home near Marbella, Spain, on 1 August 2015, aged 72. Her funeral took place in Liverpool on 20 August 2015.

Paulista Avenue

Paulista Avenue (in Portuguese: "Avenida Paulista") is the most important avenue and one of the main financial centers of the city of São Paulo, Brazil.


Didcot

Didcot is a town in Oxfordshire about south of Oxford. Until 1974 it was part of Berkshire.

During the Roman Empire the Romans dug a ditch that runs north through what is now known as the Ladygrove area north of the town near Long Wittenham.

Didcot first appears in historical records in the 13th century as Dudcotte, Berkshire. Parts of the original village still exist in the Lydalls Road area and part of All Saints' Church dates back to the 11th century. 

The Great Western Railway, designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, reached Didcot in 1839. In 1844 the Didcot railway station was opened. The original station burnt down in the later part of 19th century. 

Didcot is junction of the routes to London, Bristol and Oxford. It was formerly a junction for Southampton via the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway but that closed in the 1960s. 
The traffic to Southampton meant that the town had strategic importance to military logistics, in particular during the First World War campaign on the Western Front and the Second World War preparations for D-Day.

The Didcot Power Stations (which are next to each other, and actually in "Sutton Courtenay") supply electricity to the National Grid. The power station has also proved a popular man-made object for local photographers. One power station was closed in 2013 and has been demolished. The other is still operating in 2018.



Horsepower

Horsepower is a unit of power that is approximately how much work one horse can do. It is equal to 746 watts. The idea of horsepower was originated by James Watt, who invented the steam engine. Because people used horses to pull carts, it was an amount of energy that could be understood by most people at that time. A human can only maintain about , but an engine can maintain much higher than that. Small motors can create while a jet engine can create more than .

Mason Raymond

Mason Evan Raymond (born September 17, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Vancouver Canucks and Toronto Maple Leafs. He was drafted 51st overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.

On June 28, 2014, Raymond was signed as a free agent by the Calgary Flames to a three-year, $9.5 million contract.


Pavol Demitra

Pavol Demitra (November 29, 1974 – September 7, 2011) was a Slovak professional ice hockey centre who last played for the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He first played in the NHL in 1993, having previously played with the Ottawa Senators, who selected him in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft, St. Louis Blues, Los Angeles Kings and Minnesota Wild. Before he joined the NHL, Demitra played in Slovakia, as well as the American Hockey League (AHL) and International Hockey League (IHL), minor professional leagues in North America. In Demitra's NHL career spanning 16 years, he has achieved the 300-goal mark and won the Lady Byng Trophy for sportsmanship in 2000. On September 7, 2011, at 4:02 PM local time, Demitra died when a Yakovlev Yak-42 passenger aircraft, that was carrying the entire hockey team of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl crashed near Yaroslavl, Russia. The plane was on its way to Minsk, Belarus, to start the 2011-12 KHL season.


Kevin Bieksa

Kevin Francesco Bieksa (born June 16, 1981 in Grimsby, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). After playing junior hockey in Ontario, Bieksa was awarded a scholarship to Bowling Green University, where he spent four years. While at university, Bieksa was selected by the Canucks in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, and joined their minor league partner, the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL), after graduating. After spending time with the Moose, he joined the Canucks. A physical defenceman, Bieksa has increased his scoring totals in each of the full seasons he has played in the NHL.

1992 United States presidential election

The 1992 United States presidential election happened on November 3, 1992. Bill Clinton, the Democratic candidate and Governor of Arkansas, won the election. He defeated the incumbent president, George H. W. Bush, who was a Republican, and Ross Perot, an independent candidate. 

Clinton got 370 electoral votes, Bush got 168, and Perot got 0. A person running for president needs to get 270 to win.

George H.W. Bush may have lost the election for several reasons. He broke his promise of "" by increasing taxes during his term. Some of his most well-known accomplishments during his presidency came from his foreign policy, and because of the Cold War and Gulf War being over, foreign policy became a smaller issue, as the economy became a bigger issue, since the economy was bad. 

Prior to 2020, this was the last election where a candidate won the presidency without winning Florida.

Republican candidates

Democratic candidates


Meliaceae

Meliaceae is a family of dicotyledonous plants in order Sapindales, most of which have spirally pinnate leaves. 

The family includes about 50 genera and 550 species, with a pantropical distribution; one genus ("Toona") extends north into temperate China and south into southeast Australia, and another ("Melia") nearly as far north.

South Jakarta

South Jakarta () is a city in Jakarta, Indonesia. It is the second largest administrative city in Jakarta after East Jakarta. 

South Jakarta is divided into five subdistricts: Kebayoran Baru, Kebayoran Lama, Pesanggrahan, Setiabudi, Cilandak, Pasar Minggu, and Jagakarsa.


Alexandre Bolduc

Alexandre Bolduc (born June 26, 1985 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Bolduc was selected by the St. Louis Blues with the 127th pick in the 2004 NHL Draft but never played for them. He has also played for the Vancouver Canucks. He signed a contract with the Coyotes on July 2, 2011.

Manitoba Moose

The Manitoba Moose are a professional ice hockey team that play in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, at the MTS Centre. They are the farm team of the Winnipeg Jets.

The team originally played as the Manitoba Moose from 1996 until 2011. They were relocated to St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador and became the St. John's IceCaps, which is the AHL farm team of the Winnipeg Jets. The team played in St. John's for four seasons.

In May 2015, it was announced that the team would be returning to Winnipeg and would be once again be called the Manitoba Moose.


Stickleback

Sticklebacks are fish of the Gasterosteidae family. FishBase currently recognises sixteen species in the family, grouped in five genera. Several of the species have a number of recognised subspecies, and the taxonomy of the family is thought to be in need of revision. They have a Holarctic distribution in fresh, brackish and marine waters. 

An unusual features of sticklebacks is that they have no scales, although some species have bony armour plates. They were thought to be related to pipefish and seahorses, but recent studies have shown that they're now related to the eelpouts and sculpins.

Stickleback species are found in fresh water environments in Europe, Asia and North America. They feed on small crustaceans and fish larvae.

Sticklebacks have strong separated spines in the dorsal fin. All species show similar mating behaviour, with co-operation between the sexes, and protection of the eggs. The males construct a nest from vegetation held together by secretions from their kidneys. The males then attract females to the nest. The females lay their eggs inside, where the males fertilise them. The males then guards the eggs until they hatch.

The Gasterosteidae, was first proposed as a family by the French zoologist Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1831. It has long been considered that the sticklebacks and others made up a suborder, the Gasterosteoidei in the order Gasterosteiformes. Recent phylogenetic work has shown that the Gasterosteoidei is closely related to the Zoarcoidei and the Cottoidei. This taxon is now in the order Scorpaeniformes.

The family Gasterosteidae includes the following genera:


Sticklebacks have many sizes. "Spinachia spinachia", the sea stickleback, is the largest of the sticklebacks and can grows to a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in). The maximum size of the three-spined stickleback ("Gasterosteus aculeatus"), is about 4 inches, but few of them are more than 3 inches long.

Body form varies with habitat: sticklebacks in shallow lakes have developed a deep body specialized to enable eating benthic invertebrates, whilst those in deep oligotrophic lakes love to feed on plankton and have a more slimlined body.

Studies have shown that sticklebacks display distinct personality traits, specifically in the area of taking a risk, and, can be considered bold or shy. These traits were determined to directly influence if they'd lead, and if discouraged, attempt to lead again.

Sticklebacks show similar, unusual mating behaviour. Here's how they do it.

The sex with the greatest parental investment has the strongest mate preferences. These small, spiky fishes exhibit mutual mate choice in which both the male and female have strong mate preferences. It is most probably due in part to the strong parental investment on behalf of the male in guarding the eggs.

Female threespine sticklebacks adjust their courting behaviour to the risk of inbreeding. They prefer to mate with the non-sibling and avoid the disadvantages that accompany incest.


Mikhail Bulgakov

Mikhaíl Bulgakov ( – 10 March 1940) was a Soviet Russian writer and playwright active in the first half of the 20th century.

He is best known for his novel "The Master and Margarita", which has been called one of the masterpieces of the 20th century.

Much of Bulgakov's work is best described as magic realism, where fantasy intrudes into what seemed at first to be a straightforward everyday scene.

Mikhail Bulgakov was born in Kiev on May 15 1891. Two of his grandparents were priests and his father was an assistant professor. At school Bulgakov developed an interest in Russian writing, European writing, the theatre and the opera.

In 1913 Bulgakov married Tatiana Lappa. When the First World War started he volunteered with the Red Cross as a doctor. Bulgakov was sent to an area where fighting was heavy, and he was badly injured at least twice. In 1916, he graduated from the Medical School of Kiev University. Bulgakov then joined the White Army with his brothers. They fought against the communists who were taking control of Russia. Bulgakov also fought in the Ukrainian People's Army.

After the Russian Civil War, Mikhail and his brothers went to the Caucasus in Western Russia. Mikhail worked as a journalist. Many members of Bulgakov's family left Russia for Western Europe. Bulgakov was not allowed into other countries, however, as he had a disease: typhus.

The injuries Bulgakov received in the First World War continued to cause him a lot of pain. To ease the pain, he started injecting himself with morphine. He eventually became addicted. He wrote a book about this period called "Morphine", which was finally released in 1926.

Bulgakov left medicine behind as he was now sure he wanted to be a writer. He moved to Moscow with his wife Tatiana in 1921. Bulgakov eventually divorced Tatiana, and married Lyubov' Belozerskaya in 1924. He published a number of works in the early 1920s. By 1927, however, he was criticised by people who said he was writing against the Soviet government. By 1929, Bulgakov's writing career was in ruins. Government censorship stopped his work and plays being released in the USSR.

In 1931, Bulgakov got married again, to Yelena Shilovskaya. Yelena inspired one of the main characters in Bulgakov's most famous novel, "The Master and Margarita". In the last ten years of his life, Bulgakov continued to write novels, plays and translate works in other languages. Many could still not be published in the USSR of the 1930s. Those that were published were often heavily criticised.

Bulgakov did not like the way Soviet system prevented his works being published. He wrote a letter to the Soviet government asking permission to leave the country. He even spoke directly to Stalin on the telephone, asking to be allowed to leave the USSR. Stalin's reply implied that if Bulgakov attempted to leave, he would be killed.
Stalin did allow Bulgakov to work at a small theatre in Moscow, however. Bulgakov eventually worked at the Moscow Art Theatre, but the Soviet system still did not allow him to write as he really wanted. This, and the fact that he was not allowed to go abroad to see his family, made Bulgakov very unhappy.

Bulgakov died from problems with his kidneys on March 10, 1940. He was buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow.

The novel is a satire on the Soviet society. It is covered by a plot in which two apparently unrelated stories alternate chapter by chapter. The first plot theme is the Devil in modern Moscow; the second is the story of Pontius Pilate. Connecting these two themes are Satan himself, and the Master with his devoted lover Margarita. The Master is an embittered author, whose historical novel about Pontius Pilate had been rejected by the Soviet literary committee .

By means of the plot, Bulgakov deals with some of the deepest issues in life: the interplay of good and evil, innocence and guilt, courage and cowardice.

Bulgakov started writing the novel in 1928. He burnt the first manuscript of the novel in 1930, seeing no future as a writer in the Soviet Union. The work was restarted in 1931. The second draft was completed in 1936 by which point all the major plot lines of the final version were in place. The third draft was finished in 1937. Bulgakov continued to revise the work, helped by his wife, but was forced to stop work on the fourth version four weeks before his death in 1940.

A censored version (12% of the text removed and still more changed) of the book was first published in "Moscow" magazine (#11, 1966 and #1, 1967). The text of all the omitted and changed parts, with indications of the places of modification, was published on a samizdat basis. In 1967 the publisher "Posev" (Frankfurt) printed a version produced with the aid of these inserts.

In the Soviet Union, the first complete version, prepared by Anna Saakyants, was published in 1973, based on the version of the beginning of 1940 proofread by the publisher. In 1989 the last version was prepared by literature expert Lidiya Yanovskaya based on all available manuscripts.

The novel is autobiographical. Bulgakov is the Master, and his trials and difficulties are very similar to those the Master faces. Margarita is Yelena Shilovskaya, his long-term girlfriend who became his third wife. The burning of the Master's manuscript is just what Bulgakov did, and for the same reasons of despair and frustration. Of course a state literary committee prevented its publication, just as did in the novel. And Bulgakov was fascinated with the confrontation between Christ and Pontius Pilate.

Bulgakov never lived to see the manuscript published, nor to enjoy his post-war fame. He died from nephrosclerosis (an inherited kidney disorder) on 10 March 1940. His father died of the same disease, and Bulgakov had long expected his fate.

The novel has been the basis of films, stage productions, opera, ballet, and television versions.




J.B.S. Haldane

John Burdon Sanderson Haldane FRS (3 November 1892 – 1 December 1964), known as Jack (but who used 'J.B.S.' in his printed works), was a British geneticist and evolutionary biologist who emigrated to India towards the end of his life. He was one of the founders (along with Ronald Fisher and Sewall Wright) of population genetics.

Jack Haldane was a communist, atheist and a writer of popular science books, and articles for the "Daily Worker". His major professional work was his contribution of mathematical papers on the theory of evolution, which assisted the modern evolutionary synthesis.

Between 1919 and 1922 he was a Fellow of New College, Oxford University, then moved to Cambridge University, where he accepted a Readership in Biochemistry at Trinity College and taught there until 1932. During his nine years at Cambridge, Haldane worked on enzymes and genetics, particularly the mathematical side of genetics. Haldane wrote many popular essays on science that were eventually collected and published in 1927 in a volume entitled "Possible Worlds".

He then accepted a position as Professor of Genetics and moved to University College London where he spent most of his academic career. Four years later he became the first Weldon Professor of Biometry at University College London.
Haldane's move to India, initially to the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) was influenced by a number of factors. Officially he stated that his chief political reason was in response to the Suez Crisis. He wrote: "Finally, I am going to India because I consider that recent acts of the British Government have been violations of international law." 

His interest in India was also because of his interest in biological research, belief that the warm climate would do him good and that India offered him freedom and shared socialist dreams. At the ISI, he headed the biometry unit and spent time researching a range of topics and guiding other researchers around him.


Lost Generation

The "Lost Generation" is a term used to describe a number of American writers and artists who went to live in Europe after the First World War. People associated with the Lost Generation include Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, William Faulkner, Sherwood Anderson and John Steinbeck.

The term has also been used more recently to describe those unable to find work after the global financial crisis of 2008-2009.

The writer and poet Gertrude Stein is often considered to have come up with the term She supposedly heard her French garage owner speak of his unskilled young workers as "une generation perdue" (a generation lost). Ernest Hemingway then used the term in the introduction to his novel "The Sun Also Rises".

The term is generally used for the period from the end of the First World War to the beginning of the Great Depression.

After the First World War, members of the "Lost Generation" decided that they did not want to live a normal life in America. They went to Europe, often Paris. Away from America, the "Lost Generation" often drank heavily, had affairs and tried to find meaning in life. The "Lost Generation" produced some of the finest writing of all time, and arguably created a new style of writing.

W.D. Hamilton

William Donald Hamilton FRS (1 August 1936 – 7 March 2000) was an English evolutionary biologist whom Richard Dawkins praised as one of the greatest evolutionary theorists of the 20th century.

Hamilton became famous through his theoretical work on kin selection and altruism. He explained its genetic basis, and this was a key part of the gene-centered view of evolution. In doing this, he became one of the forerunners of sociobiology, as popularized by E.O. Wilson. Hamilton was certainly a big influence on Dawkins. He also published important work on sex ratios and the evolution of sex. From 1984 to his death in 2000, he was the Royal Society Research Professor at Oxford University. He died of malaria contracted in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Hamilton's equation describes whether or not a gene for altruistic behaviour will spread in a population. The gene will spread if rxb is greater than c:
where:

Hamilton started to publish his collected papers starting in 1996, with short essays giving each paper context. He died after the preparation of the second volume, so the commentaries for the third volume came from his coauthors.

John Maynard Smith

John Maynard Smith, FRS (6 January 1920 – 19 April 2004) was a British theoretical evolutionary biologist and geneticist. Originally an aeronautical engineer during the Second World War, he then took a second degree in genetics under the well-known biologist J.B.S. Haldane. Maynard Smith was instrumental in the application of game theory to evolution and theorized on other problems such as the evolution of sex and signalling theory.

He won most of the awards available to scientists:


Maynard Smith has an Erdős number of four.


Kawasaki Station

Kawasaki Station (川崎駅,かわさきえき) is a railway station of JR East, in Kawasaki, Japan.


Mudvayne

Mudvayne is an American heavy metal band. They formed in Peoria, Illinois in 1996. They play for the record label Epic Records.

In 1996, the band was formed with its original line-up. In 1997, the band released their very first EP, "Kill, I Oughta". In 1998, the band signed to Epic Records.

In 1999, the band started working on their debut album, "L.D. 50". It was released on August 22, 2000. The album peaked at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart and No. 85 on the "Billboard" 200. The band participated in the Tattoo to Earth tour, along with many other bands. This album has the singles "Dig" and "Death Blooms".

In January 2002, the band was starting to work on their second album. It was released on November 19, 2002. It was certified Gold by the RIAA in 2003. Also in 2003, the band had participated in the Summer Sanitarium Tour. This album contains the singles "Not Falling" and "World So Cold".

The album was worked on all throughout 2004, it was set to be released in November 2004, with its first single ("Determined") set to be released in September of that year, but was pushed back due to production issues, it was eventually released on April 12, 2005. The album sold 100, 000 copies at the week of it's release. It debuted at No. 2 and was certified Gold by the RIAA later that same year. This album contains the singles "Determined" (which was nominated at the 2006 Grammy Awards), "Happy?", "Forget to Remember" and "Fall into Sleep".

On November 27, 2007, Mudvayne released their compilation album. Also in 2007, they have been working on a new album, which was released on November 18, 2008. It was initially set for a late 2007 release but production was temporarily put on hold in mid 2007, before resuming in early 2008. The album debuted at No. 15 on the Billboard 200. It sold 48,000 copies at the week of its release. This album has the singles "Do What You Do", "A New Game" and "Scarlet Letters". 

In 2008, right after the release of their fourth album, they started to work on their final album, which was their self titled album. It was released on December 21, 2009. The album debuted at No. 54 on the "Billboard" 200 and sold around 34,000 copies at the week of it's release. By the next week, sales dropped a lot. This album has the single "Scream with Me".

Alastair Campbell

Alastair John Campbell (born 25 May 1957) was the Director of Communications and Strategy for the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (Tony Blair) between 1997 and 2003.

He used to work for the Daily Mirror as their politics reporter, and was an alcoholic. Then he had a breakdown, gave up drinking, and started working for Tony Blair in 1994. He was seen as one of the main spin doctors in the Labour Party. He eventually resigned over the 45 minute claim in the dossier prepared over the Iraq War, after the Hutton report had come out and Dr. David Kelly was dead.

He currently works as a broadcaster, journalist and spokesman for Leukaemia Research. He is said to be re-joining the Labour campaign team for the 2010 election. He is an atheist.

Cave

A cave is a natural underground hollow space. They can have narrow passageways (corridors) and chambers (caverns). They are usually formed when underground acidic (sour) water wears away softer stones, such as limestone. Only the hard rock, such as granite, is left. Caves can also be formed during natural catastrophes, such as earthquakes, or by ice and glaciers.

Caves can have formations in them such as stalagmites and stalactites. These are made over thousands of years by water dripping and leaving mineral deposits.

Many creatures live in the entrance areas of caves, for example snakes, mice, spiders & porcupines. Only a few animals are found deep in caves. Bats often live in caves. Another common creature found in caves is cave crickets. 

In the past, people lived in caves. People used to live in many European caves in the Stone Age. Caves still provide shelter for trekkers. Some caves have beautiful paintings on the walls. 

People who explore caves are called cavers or speleologists. (The study of caves is called speleology.) They go into caves for fun, exercise and to see the different formations. This can be a dangerous sport because caves sometimes have deep holes. Cavers also have to climb and crawl through the passages. Cavers usually go into caves with four or more people. Each person has 2 or 3 light sources. One light is attached to each helmet. People go into caves to try and explore more about the world.

Automobile

An automobile (or car) is a land vehicle used to carry passengers. Automobiles usually have four wheels, and an engine or motor to make them move but relatively less than a truck/lorry and bus.

Statistics show that driving in a car is safer than riding in a fixed-wing aircraft.

The word "automobile" comes from the Greek prefix "αυτό" (self) and the Latin word "mobilis" (moving). This name means "self-moving", as cars run on their own power and do not need horses or other power from outside to move.

Automobiles are made in different shapes and sizes, for people with different needs. Here are some common types.


To make an automobile move, it must have energy to turn the wheels. This energy might be chemical energy in gasoline or electrical energy in a battery. How quickly the engine or motor can send the energy to the wheels, and how much energy is sent, is called the power of the motor. The power of an automobile is usually measured in kilowatts or horsepower.

As of 2019, most automobile burn a fuel to make an internal combustion engine (sometimes called a "motor") run. The power from the engine then goes to the wheels through a transmission, which has a set of gears that can make the automobile go faster or slower. The most common fuel is petrol, which is called ""gasoline"" or ""gas"" in American English.

Gasoline is a fossil fuel because it comes from ferns and other plants which lived millions of years ago. Over the millions of years, they turned into oil. This was drilled up from inside the Earth, and turned into fuel by chemical changes. Old gasoline-powered automobiles are noisy and their exhaust makes city air dirty, which can make people ill. But automobiles made after the mid-2010s are cleaner.

Burning gasoline, like any kind of fossil fuel, makes carbon dioxide, which makes global warming. Since 2017, fewer gasoline powered automobiles are being made. Some places will not allow gasoline-powered automobiles in future, like Amsterdam in 2030.

The cleanest automobiles are electric vehicles. They are usually plugged into a power outlet or a charging station and store electricity in a battery at the bottom of the automobile. The electricity then drives an electric motor, which turns the wheels. Some electric automobiles have 2 motors: one at the front, and one at the back. A few have 4 motors (one for each wheel).

Some automobiles burn diesel fuel, which is used in big trucks and buses, and a few use wood gas. In some countries, such as Brazil and Sweden, a mixture of ethanol and gasoline, called ""gasohol"" in Brazil and ""E85"" in Sweden, is used as automobile fuel. Other fuels include propane, natural gas, compressed air, and ethanol (which comes from plants). There are automobiles designed to run on more than one type of fuel — these are called ""flex-fuel"" and are rare.

A few automobiles generate electricity from hydrogen fuel cells (like the Honda Clarity). As of 2019, most of the hydrogen that people use comes from burning fossil fuels, but scientists and engineers are trying to make hydrogen from renewable energy a lot cheaper and easier to use.Some automobiles even use solar cells for their electricity, but they are not very practical. There is a competition every year where people try to design a automobile that can last the longest and go the farthest on solar energy alone. 

There is also a type of automobile that uses both an engine and an electric motor. This is called a hybrid electric vehicle; an example is the Toyota Prius.

All automobiles have brakes which work by friction to stop the automobile quickly in an emergency or stop it rolling when parked. Electric automobiles also have "regenerative" brakes, which slow the automobile by turning the energy in its movement back into electricity, like an electric motor working the opposite way. So "regenerative" means the electricity is generated again.

The earliest recorded automobiles were actually steam engines attached to wagons in the late 18th century. The steam engines were heavy, making these wagons slow and hard to control. Better and faster steam automobiles became common late in the 19th century.

Some automobiles in the early 20th century were powered by electricity. They were slow and heavy and went out of use until the idea came back later in the century.

The internal combustion engine changed the way many automobiles were powered. The engine used either gasoline, diesel, or kerosene to work. When the fuel is exploded in a cylinder it pushes the piston down and turns the wheels.

Although many people tried to make a good automobile that would work and sell well, people say that Karl Benz invented the modern automobile. He used a four-stroke type of internal combustion engine to power his "Benz Patent-Motorwagen" in 1886. He began to make many automobiles in a factory and sell them in Germany in 1888.

In North America, the first modern automobile was made by brothers Charles and J. Frank Duryea in Springfield, Massachusetts. The Duryea brothers' automobile also won the first-ever car race in 1895, competing against automobiles made by Benz. The race was in Chicago, Illinois, and 53 miles long. The Duryeas then began making the first automobiles for everyday use in 1896. That year, they made 13 automobiles by hand in Springfield, Massachusetts.

Benz may have invented the first modern automobile, and the Duryeas the first automobile to be sold, but Henry Ford sold the most automobiles to the most people. In 1910 he began making and selling his Model T, which was a huge success. Many people could afford this automobile, not just the rich, because Ford used mass production. This meant he made many Model Ts in a short time in a factory. People say that the Model T is the automobile that "put America on wheels". The Model T was the most popular automobile of the time because it was cheap but it was still a good quality automobile that ordinary people could own.

Since then, many different kinds of automobiles have been designed and built, from minivans to sports cars. In the 1950s, the United States made and used more automobiles than all the rest of the world. Fifty years later, China became the largest maker and user of automobiles.

Automobiles are faster than walking or riding a bike if you are going a long way. They can carry more than one person and a large amount of luggage. Depending on local public transport quality, they can also be faster and far more convenient than using buses, bicycles or trains (steam-powered, diesel-powered, or light rail), and can often go where public transport cannot. 4-wheel drive "off road" vehicles are particularly good at reaching places difficult for other wheeled transport due to bad roads or harsh terrain. However, they cost more and burn more fuel, and there are many places even they cannot go. There are passenger cars (cars, buses), cargo, special (fire, sanitary, mobile crane, autoclave, refrigerator, infantry fighting vehicles, etc.) and sports (buggies, racing, eg Formula 1 cars, rally cars). Passable cars are divided into road, off-road (including quarry), increased cross-country ability and high cross-country ability. Cars with bodies of a special design, intended for the carriage of certain goods, are called specialized; there are timber carrier, farm truck, cement carrier, gasoline truck, etc. 

The car equips an engine, transmission, chassis, bodywork, control system, electrical equipment, service devices. The engine can be gasoline (carburetor internal combustion), diesel, gas (balloon gas), electric, gas turbine. Transmission is a set of devices that transmit the torque from the engine to the driving wheels (caterpillars). 
Cars are produced in many countries. Most of all in Japan, USA, France, Republic of Korea, Spain, Great Britain, Brazil, Italy. For 100 years of existence, the car has become the most common vehicle. Annually 5 - 59 million various cars are produced in the world; also including 25% of trucks and buses. Most of the oil produced in different countries is processed for gasoline and diesel fuel to meet the needs of road transport.

Most automobiles enclose people and cargo in a closed compartment with a roof, doors and windows, thus giving protection from weather. Modern automobiles give further protection in case of collisions, as they have added safety features such as seat belts, airbags, crumple zones and side-impact protection that would be expensive or impossible on two-wheeled or light 3-wheeled vehicles, or most buses.

With regular check ups and service, automobiles can last a very long time. In some countries like Australia, people have to get their automobile checked by authorized mechanics regularly by law to confirm that their automobile is safe to drive. They can go to an automobile mechanic to get their automobile checked or have a mobile mechanic come to them to repair their automobile.

Buying and running a automobile needs a lot of money, especially for newer good-quality automobiles. There are things to pay for — the automobile itself, fuel, parts (for example, tyres), maintenance, repairs, insurance to cover the cost of crashes or theft, parking charges, and toll roads and any taxes or licensing fees charged by the government.

When automobiles crash, they can become damaged and hurt people, and the life of a person is more important than keeping a automobile from damage. When too many automobiles try to go the same way, traffic congestion slows them all. Automobiles can cause air pollution if too many are used in a small area like a city, and the combined pollution of the world's automobiles is partly to blame for climate change. Many places where people live close together have public transportation such as buses, passenger trains, trams and subways. These can help people go more quickly and cheaply than by automobile when traffic jams are a problem. Some of these problems can be made smaller, for example by carpooling, which is putting many people together in one automobile.

Traffic congestion and accidents can be dangerous to other road users, for example people riding bicycles or walking, especially in an old town built when automobiles were few. Some 20th century towns are designed for automobiles as the main transport. This can cause other problems, such as even more pollution and traffic, as few, if any, people walk. Communities are divided and separated by big roads. Pedestrians are in danger where there are too few foot bridges, small road bridges or other special crossings.

In 2005 63 million cars and light-duty trucks were produced worldwide. The world's biggest car producer is the European Union with 29% of the world's production. In non-EU Eastern Europe another 4% are produced. The second largest manufacturer is NAFTA with 25.8%, followed by Japan with 16.7%, China with 8.1%, MERCOSUR with 3.9%, India with 2.4% and the rest of the world with 10.1%.

Large free trade areas like EU, NAFTA and MERCOSUR attract manufacturers worldwide to produce their products within them and without currency risks or customs, additionally to being close to customers. Thus the production figures do not show the technological ability or business skill of the areas. In fact much if not most of the Third World car production is used western technology and car models (and sometimes even complete obsolete western factories shipped to the country), which is reflected in the patent statistic as well as the locations of the r&d centers.

The automobile industry is dominated by relatively few large corporations (not to be confused with the much more numerous brands), the biggest of which (by numbers of produced cars) are currently General Motors, Toyota and Ford Motor Company. It is expected, that Toyota will reach the No.1 position in 2006. The most profitable per-unit car-maker of recent years has been Porsche due to its premium price tag.

The automotive industry at large still suffers from high under-utilization of its manufacturing potential.

A typical family car costs about 25€ in raw materials in production. Higher line cars tend to cost 100€ up.

Mickey Mouse Clubhouse

Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is a children's television series on Disney Junior and Disney Channel. It was produced by Disney Television Animation.
It showed Mickey Mouse and his playmates in their journeys in different places as they learned on the way.
They took help with 3, 4 or 5 items called Mouskatools given by Toodles. Although the series was cancelled, it was given a revival of the same name. It aired from 5 May 2006 to 6 November 2016.




Indies

The Indies is a word used for places in South and Southeast Asia, including Indian Union, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, the Maldives and also Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Brunei, Singapore, the Philippines, East Timor, Malaysia and Indonesia. Sometimes this area has been called the East Indies, in contrast to the West Indies.

Asclepias amplexicaulis

Asclepias amplexicaulis, also known as the clasping milkweed, is a species of milkweed plant. It is also known as blunt-leaved milkweed and sand milkweed. It is in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to eastern North America. The blooming period is in the spring. This species is found in prairies and open woodlands, usually in sandy soil. It is about 0.3 to 0.9 meters in height (1-3 feet). Clasping Milkweed has poison that is dangerous to humans and livestock.


Asclepias asperula

Asclepias asperula is a species of milkweed plant. It is commonly known as antelope horns, green-flowered milkweed, spider antelope horns and spider antelopehorns. It belongs to the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. It blooms from April to June. This species likes to grow in moist sandy or rocky soil. Antelope horns grows from 0.3 to 0.6 meters (1-2 feet).


Asclepias californica

Asclepias californica (commonly known as the California milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It is also known as Round-hooded milkweed. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to California and Baja California. It blooms from April to July. This species is found on grassy or bushy hillsides.


Alex Burrows

Alexandre Ménard-Burrows (born April 11, 1981) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey winger with the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Ottawa Senators. He is known for his ascension to the NHL from being an undrafted player in the ECHL.

Winger (ice hockey)

Winger, in hockey, is a forward position of a player who is on either side of the centre forward, often along the playing area. They usually work by going beside the centre. At first, the name was given to forward players who went up and down the sides of the rink. Now, there are different types of wingers in the game: they either are mainly goal scorers, or help stop the other team from scoring.

This position is commonly referred to by the side of the rink that the winger normally takes. Players to the left of the centre are called "left wingers," and players on the right are called "right wingers."

Slovakia men's national ice hockey team

The Slovak men's national ice hockey team is one of the best national ice hockey teams in the world. As of 2008, the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF), the world governing body of ice hockey, ranks them as the eighth best national team. The team is operated by the Slovak Ice Hockey Federation under general manager Peter Bondra, and head coach Ján Filc. In the last six years, Slovakia has won three medals at the World Championships, including a gold medal in 2002. Slovakia has a total of 12,375 hockey players (0.23% of the population).

The Slovak national team was created after Czechoslovakia was split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia. For years, the Czechs kept control over how the Czechoslovakian national team was run, and limited how many Slovak players were on the team. When the country became two, the Czech Republic team was allowed to compete at the highest pool (A), and the IIHF ruled that because fewer players of the former Czechoslovak team were Slovaks, Slovakia have to start international play in pool C, the lowest group. However, Slovakia's play in the lower pools won it promotion to pool A by 1996.




Goalies:
Ján Lašák,
Rastislav Staňa,
Miroslav Šimonovič.

Defensemen: 
Jerguš Bača,
Ladislav Čierny,
Radoslav Hecl,
Richard Lintner,
Dušan Milo,
Peter Smrek,
Martin Štrbák,
Ľubomír Višňovský.

Forwards:
Ľuboš Bartečko,
Peter Bondra,
Michal Handzuš,
Miroslav Hlinka,
Ladislav Nagy,
Vladimír Országh,
Žigmund Pálffy,
Rastislav Pavlikovský,
Róbert Petrovický,
Peter Pucher,
Radovan Somík,
Jozef Stümpel,
Miroslav Šatan,
Róbert Tomík,
Marek Uram.


Yucca brevifolia

Yucca brevifolia is a plant species in the genus "Yucca" and in the family Agavaceae. Its common names are Joshua tree and Yucca palm and Tree yucca and Palm tree yucca. They grow in the desert and do not have growth rings. The lack of grow rings makes it hard to tell the trees age.

1910–11 NHA season

The 1910–11 NHA season was the second season of the former National Hockey Association. Five teams played 16 games each, starting on December 31, 1910 and ending on March 10, 1911. The Ottawa Hockey Club won the league championship and took over the Stanley Cup from the Montreal Wanderers.

† Protested by Renfrew.

‡ Replay of protested game.


Tim Thomas

Timothy Thomas, Jr. (born April 15, 1974), called "The Tank", is a former American professional ice hockey goaltender under contract with the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was raised in Flint, Michigan and played college hockey for the University of Vermont for four years from 1993–1997, during which, he was selected 217th overall by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft. He played for several years in the minor leagues and Europe before becoming the Boston Bruins' starting goaltender. He, along with Manny Fernandez, is the current holder of the William M. Jennings Trophy. Thomas is a two-time NHL All-Star, and was the winner of the 2009 Vezina Trophy as the league's best goaltender. The Bruins suspended Thomas for not reporting to training camp and he was traded to the Islanders for a conditional 2nd round pick in either 2014 or 2015.

Quebec Nordiques

The Quebec Nordiques (, pronounced in Quebec French, in Canadian English, meaning "Northmen" or "Northerners") were a professional ice hockey team from Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. The Nordiques played in the World Hockey Association (1972–1979) and the National Hockey League (1979–1995). The team moved to Denver, Colorado in 1995 and changed their name to the Colorado Avalanche.

As the value of the Canadian dollar was failing, the Quebec Nordiques were compelled to sell their team. With the salaries of players rising and the arena in need of repairs, the ownership of the Nordiques was sold to a group of investors in Denver, Colorado. To make matters worse, during their first season in Colorado, the former Nordiques, now Colorado Avalanche, won the Stanley Cup.

1967 NHL expansion

The National Hockey League (NHL) went through an expansion for the 1967–68 NHL season. It added six new teams, which already had six teams in it. This marked the first change in the composition of the league since 1942. It was the end of the Original Six era in the NHL, which had happened since 1942.

The expansion process began in March 1965, when NHL President Clarence Campbell announced that the league proposed to expand its operations through the formation of a second six-team division. 

Before the expansion, there were six teams:

The six teams added in 1967 were:

Lady Byng Memorial Trophy

The Lady Byng Memorial Trophy, originally known as the Lady Byng Trophy, is given each year to the National Hockey League "player adjudged to have exhibited the best type of sportsmanship and gentlemanly conduct combined with a high standard of playing ability". The Lady Byng Memorial Trophy has been awarded 84 times to 50 different players since it was first awarded in 1925. The voting is done at the end of the season by the members of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.

Chris Andersen

Christopher Claus Andersen (born July 7, 1978) is an American former basketball player. Andersen was born in Long Beach, California, grew up in Iola, Texas, and played one year at Blinn College. He was nicknamed "Birdman" by Junior Harrington, another former NBA player, for having wing tattoos on his inner biceps. He received a two-year ban from the NBA in 2006 for violating the league's drug policy, but was reinstated on March 4, 2008. During his 17-year, career, he played for the Denver Nuggets, New Orleans Hornets, Miami Heat, Memphis Grizzlies, and Cleveland Cavaliers and won a championship with the Heat in 2013. He also played for the Chinese Basketball Association. He now plays in the Big3 League.

Asclepias cordifolia

Asclepias cordifolia (also known as the heart-leaf milkweed or purple milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It is not the same as "Asclepias purpurascens", which is also known as purple milkweed. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to western North America. Heart-leaf Milkweed is found in woodlands, rocky slopes, and lava flows.


Purple milkweed

Purple milkweed is a common name of two plants in the genus "Asclepias":


Asclepias curassavica

Asclepias curassavica (also known as the scarlet milkweed, Mexican butterfly weed, or bloodflower) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to Central America and South America. It is now naturalized around the world. It gets flowers from spring to fall.


Asclepias curtissii

Asclepias curtissii (also known as Curtiss's milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to Florida.


Assassination of Julius Caesar

The assassination (murder) of Julius Caesar was the result of a conspiracy by forty Roman senators, the self-styled "Liberatores". They were led by Cassius and Brutus.

The senators stabbed Caesar to death in the "Theatre of Pompey" on the Ides of March, 15 March 44 BC. Caesar was the dictator of the Roman Republic at the time. He had been declared "dictator perpetuo" (dictator for life) by the Senate. This declaration resulted in many senators fearing that Caesar wanted to overthrow the Senate in favour of a tyranny. 

The assassination led to civil war. The Second Triumvirate led to the ascendancy of Caesar's adopted heir Octavian to the position of emperor, and the end of the Republic leading to the Roman Empire. In the end, by murdering Caesar, the Liberators caused the end of the Republic they supported.

The known members of the plot were:

Asclepias eriocarpa

Asclepias eriocarpa (also known as the woollypod milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It is also known as Indian Milkweed and Kotolo. It is in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to the western United States. This species is found in dry, barren habitats.


Asclepias erosa

Asclepias erosa (also known as the desert milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to the southwestern United States. It blooms from May to July. This species is found in dry slopes.


Asclepias exaltata

Asclepias exaltata (also known as the poke milkweed or tall milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It is in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae.

The plant is found in eastern North America. It blooms from late spring to early summer. The flowers are green and white. Poke milkweed is found in moist woodland habitats. It grows well in moist soil and sunny or partly shaded places. It grows from 0.6 to 1.5 meters tall (2–5 feet).


Asclepias fascicularis

Asclepias fascicularis (also known as the narrow-leaf milkweed or Mexican whorled milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to the western United States. It blooms from June to September. This species is found in dry areas and valleys.


Asclepias humistrata

Asclepias humistrata (also known as the sandhill milkweed or pinewoods milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to the southeastern United States. It blooms in early summer. The flowers are pink. It is found in sandy woodlands and sandy hills. Sandhill Milkweed grows well dry soil and sunny places. It grows from 0.3 to 0.9 meters tall (1–3 feet).


Asclepias incarnata

Asclepias incarnata is a species of milkweed plant. It is also known as the swamp milkweed, the rose milkweed, the pink milkweed, the swamp milkweed, and white Indian hemp. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to North America. It blooms from June to August. The flowers are pink. Swamp milkweed is found in wet meadows, prairies, swamps, and marshes. It likes moist soil and sunny or partly shaded places. It grows to a height of .


Brand New Eyes

Brand New Eyes (written "brand new eyes") is an album by the band Paramore. It was put out on September 29, 2009 in the United States and Canada. It has reached the top of the music charts in many countries, meaning many people bought the album.

Asclepias nivea

Asclepias nivea (also known as the Caribbean milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands.


Asclepias physocarpa

Asclepias physocarpa (also known as the swan plant, balloonplant, or balloon cotton-bush) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It has been naturalized in Hawai'i and has also been naturalized in other parts of the world.


Asclepias purpurascens

Asclepias purpurascens (also known as the purple milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. The species "Asclepias cordifolia" is also sometimes called purple milkweed. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to North America. It blooms from June to July. The flowers are a pink-purple color. This species is found in savannas, prairies, and meadows. Purple Milkweed likes to grow in clay or sandy soil and in sunny or partly shaded places. It grows to a height of 0.6 to 1.2 meters (2–4 feet).


Asclepias speciosa

Asclepias speciosa (also known as the showy milkweed or Greek milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to western North America. It blooms from May to July. This species is found in savannas, prairies, meadows, and fields.


Asclepias subverticillata

Asclepias subverticillata (also known as the horsetail milkweed or whorled milkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to the western United States.


Tortuga (Haiti)

"Tortuga Island" (, ) is a Caribbean island that forms part of Haiti. It is off the northwest coast of Hispaniola. Its Taíno name was "Baynei".

During the 17th century, the island was an important centre for Caribbean piracy where pirates traded their stolen goods from ships and towns and stayed for days before going out to try to capture other ships.

In geology, it is considered as the western end of the region of the Cordillera Septentrional ("Northern mountain range") of the Hispaniola island, even if Tortuga Island is separated from the main island.

Tortuga Island is separated of the north coast of Haiti by an 8.9 to 15 km strait called the "Canal de la Tortue" ("La Tortue Channel"). The island is 37.5 km long and about 7 km wide, with an area of 193 km². There are not high mountains but most of the land is between 240 and 300 metres high; the highest point is "Morne La Visite" (340 m).

The island is a "commune" (like municipality), in the Nord Department. It is part of the Port-de-Paix "arrondissement", part of a department like a district.

In 2004, there were 30,000 people living in the Tortuga Island. There are only small towns; Aux Palmistes, in the southeast, is the biggest town in the island.

Christopher Columbus saw this island on 6 December 1492 and visited it on 14 December. He called the island "La Tortuga", Spanish for "The Turtle", because it has the shape, when seen from the sea, of a turtle.

Spanish people were not interested in Tortuga Island because they were trying to form a colony in the big Hispaniola island. And so this island was without people for most of the 16th century.

People from different European countries, mainly from England, came to live in this island. In 1625, French people came to this island from the Saint Kitts island. They lived on the southern part of the island where there are flat lands and tried to grow some crops like tobacco. They also went to Hispaniola, which they called "la Grande Terre" ("the Big Land") to hunt wild cows and pigs and, because they used a Taíno cooking technique with smoke known as "boucan", they were known as "boucaniers" ("buccaneers"). They sold the smoked meat and leather (dry skin used to make footwear and clothing) to those ships that came to the island.

The Spanish tried to get those people out of the island and they invaded the island several times but each time they went back to the Hispaniola and the Tortuga Island was taken again.
In 1640 a French engineer named Jean La Vasseur was sent to govern Tortuga. He built Fort de Rocher [1640]. La Vasseur opened the port to outlaws of all nations.

From Tortuga Island, people began to move to the northern part of the Hispaniola, mainly in the areas around the big plains, founding towns such as Port-de-Paix (1665), Cap-Français (1670) and Fort-Dauphin (1731). Then Tortuga Island lost its importance and very few people have lived here after those years, including today.

There are several good beaches in Tortuga Island; Point Saline, at the western tip, is considered by many to be the best beach of the island.

At Basse-Terre, on the southeastern coast, there are still some rests of the "Fort de la Roche" built in 1630 by the French.

There are several interesting caves such as "La Grotte au Bassin", "La Grotte de la Galerie" and others.

Seizure response dog

A seizure response dog is a dog who is specially trained to help its owner during a seizure. These dogs' jobs may include:
Certain kinds of dogs are able to predict that a person is about to have an epileptic seizure. This gives the person time to get to a safe place before the seizure starts. Usually, people say that dogs develop this behavior spontaneously (on their own), or over some time. There have been some studies where dogs were trained to alert to seizures when they were given rewards for correctly predicting seizures - but these studies were only partly successful. Some untrained dogs may help their owners during a seizure, but there are also reports of dogs that have reacted aggressively or even died as a result of witnessing or anticipating their owner's seizure.

Asclepias syriaca

Asclepias syriaca (also known as the common milkweed, butterfly flower, silkweed, silky swallow-wort, and Virginia silkweed) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to North America. It blooms from June to August. The flowers are green and purple. This species is found in prairies, meadows, and fields. Common Milkweed likes damp to dry soil and sunny or partly shaded places. It is about 0.5 to 1.5 meters in height (1½-5 feet).


Butterfly flower

Butterfly flower is a common name for different plants:


Silky Swallow-wort

Silky Swallow-wort is a common name of two plants in the genus "Asclepias":


Guitar chord

A guitar chord is made up of two or more notes, played on a guitar at one time. Chord voicings, that is the choice of individual notes in the chord, can be changed for many different purposes and playing styles.

The guitar is very capable and useful for playing chords; but it does have some differences with other instruments. Most guitars only have six strings. This means that for the very largest of chord-voicings it is often necessary to not use one or more tones from the chord. The layout of notes on the fretboard sometimes means that the notes in a chord are not played in tonal order, or make possible a chord that is composed of more than one note of the same pitch. Many chords can be played with the same notes in more than one place on the fretboard.

Guitars can vary both in the number of strings they have. They can also be tuned differently. Most guitars used in popular music have six-strings and are tuned: E-A-D-G-B-e. Usually the string with the highest pitch (the thinnest) is called the first string, and the string having the lowest pitch (the thickest) is called the sixth.

Asclepias tuberosa

Asclepias tuberosa (also known as the butterfly flower) is a species of milkweed plant. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to North America. It blooms from June to September. The flowers are orange, red-orange, or yellow. This species is found in prairies, meadows, and fields. It likes well-drained soil and sunny or partly shaded places. Butterfly Weed grows from 0.3 to 0.9 meters tall (1–3 feet).

It has many other names, including the butterfly weed, the Canada root, the chigger flower (or chiggerflower), the fluxroot, the Indian paintbrush, the Indian posy, the orange milkweed, the orange swallow-wort, the Pleurisy Root, the silky swallow-wort, the tuber root, the yellow milkweed, the white-root, and the windroot.

Butterfly Weed has many common names. Here is a list of them:

Indian Paintbrush

Indian Paintbrush is a common name for different plants:


Intel Core i7

Intel Core i7 is a name that the company Intel uses for the computer processors it makes for high-end desktop and laptop computers and tablets. Intel uses this name for the fastest processors that they think will be used to build the most powerful consumer devices. The 'Core' part of the name, is not good, which refers to the processor's core, has been used by Intel since 2006, but the first Core i7 processor was released 3 years later in 2009. 

There are different types of Core i7 processor. The name does not name a type. Instead, it is the name for all of the fast processors that Intel thinks should be sold to consumers. Intel uses two other "Core i-" names for its processors for consumers: "Core i5" and "Core i3." The "Core i5" processors are mostly as fast as i7 processors, but lack the Hyper Threading technology which allows each core to be used twice simultaneously giving the impression of doubling the cores. 

Intel uses a different name, Xeon, for processors that Intel makes for "server" computers for businesses (and some rare laptops). Some of the "Core i7" processors are almost the same as some of the "Xeon" processors, but each of the Xeon processors is a little bit different than the "Core i7" processor, because a "server" computer is not the same as a consumer computer. Intel also makes other "Xeon" processors that are not the same as any "Core i7" processor. Unlike the Core i7, Xeon processors support ECC (error correcting) memory, and multiple CPUs on the same motherboard. However, Alder Lake processors have officially supported ECC memory if used with a W680 motherboard and ECC memory. Harsh was the one who found this Legendary i7 processor. He is bad at gaming tho.

Asclepias verticillata

Asclepias verticillata (Whorled Milkweed or Horsetail Milkweed) is a particular kind of milkweed used as a medicinal plant. It is native to North America. It blooms in the summer. The flowers are white or pale green. It is found in fields, open woodlands, and prairies. Whorled Milkweed likes dry soil and sunny or partly shaded places. It grows from 0.3 to 0.9 meters tall (1–3 feet).

Sacred dance

Sacred dance is a kind of dance that encompasses all movements that are religious in nature. An example of a sacred dance is the dance done by a whirling dervish.

Population genetics

Population genetics is the branch of genetics which studies the genetic composition of populations. It brings together genetics, evolution, natural selection, breeding, statistics and mathematics. Mathematical and computer models are produced, and field research is done to test the models.

Starting, perhaps, with G. Udny Yule's paper in 1902, population theorists tackled key issues in genetics and evolution. G.H. Hardy and Wilhelm Weinberg showed that if a population had random mating, no selection, migration or mutation, then the proportion of alleles would remain the same generation after generation. This was the Hardy–Weinberg law, the first great result of this new field of research.

Population genetics made great progress from 1918 to 1937. During this period, Ronald Fisher, J.B.S. Haldane and Sewall Wright worked on the connection between evolution and genetics, using new mathematical techniques, such as statistical probability. E.B. Ford and Theodosius Dobzhansky did field research on the genetics of natural populations of lepidoptera and "Drosophila", respectively. Broadly speaking, this work proved that the newly rediscovered Mendelian genetics could be reconciled with Darwinian evolution. This laid the groundwork for the modern evolutionary synthesis, which took place in the following years, from about 1937 to 1953.

In the second half of the 20th century, population geneticists tackled a range of complex evolutionary problems, such as the evolution of sex, sexual selection, kin selection (altruism), mimicry and molecular evolution. The key figures included John Maynard Smith, Motoo Kimura and William Hamilton. Techniques developed for population genetics help to decide what contribution heredity and environment make in developmental biology.

These concepts apply when a mutation is strongly favoured and "pulls along" nearby genes on its chromosome. The genes pulled along are genes which are previously under little selection. In a selective sweep, positive selection causes the new mutation to reach "fixation" (be the only allele present at that locus in all members of the population) so quickly that linked alleles can "hitchhike" and also become fixed. Evidence is growing that this effect does happen.

Calotropis gigantea

Crown flower ("Calotropis gigantea") is a species of plant. It is also known as Giant Milkweed. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadodeae. It is native to southeast Asia. It has been naturalized in Hawai'i.


Calotropis procera

Apple of Sodom ("Calotropis procera") is a species of plant. It is also known as Roostertree. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. 

It is native to North Africa, Central Africa, Western Asia, South Asia, and Indochina. It has been naturalized in Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Hawai'i, and southern California.


Cynanchum laeve

Sand Vine ("Cynanchum laeve") is a species of plant. It is also known as Honeyvine, Honeyvine Milkweed, Bluevine Milkweed, Climbing Milkweed, and Smooth Swallow-wort. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to North America. It blooms from June to August. This species is found in a variety of habitats such as edges of woodlands, near stream edges, gardens, and fields. This vine can grow to be 6 or more feet long.


Hardy–Weinberg law

The Hardy–Weinberg law was developed independently by an English mathematician, G.H. Hardy, and a German doctor, Wilhelm Weinberg. This concept is also known as the "Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium", "Hardy–Weinberg theorem" or "Hardy–Weinberg principle". Sometimes Weinberg's name is placed first. 

The law is a foundation of population genetics, and it is still taught to students today. It states that the proportions of alleles of all genes in any population will remain the same unless perturbed (disturbed). That applies to all loci on all chromosomes in the population. Possible perturbations are:

It follows that any systematic change in the frequency of alleles in a population "must" be due to the effect of one or more of these causes. Of course, like all aspects of Mendelian inheritance, the expected proportions of alleles are probabilities. It was for that reason that statistical tests of significance, such as standard errors, were developed.

Although all changes must be due to perturbations, not all perturbations lead to changes. The classic case is balancing selection, such as heterozygote advantage: "Heterosis: the heterozygote at a locus is fitter than either homozygote". Balancing selection leads to an equilibrium population with Hardy–Weinberg proportions

The law permits the prediction of genotype frequencies from a knowledge of gene frequencies. 
Thus, equations can be written in terms of allele frequencies, and hypotheses about how phenotypes are inherited can be tested from population data. 

G.H. Hardy

Geff Harold Hardy FRS (7 February 1877 Cranleigh, Surrey – 1 December 1947 Cambridge, Cambridgeshire) was a famous English mathematician. He investigated number theory and mathematical analysis.

Hardy's classic text "A course of pure mathematics" was first published in 1908 and has been in print ever since. He wrote "A Mathematician's Apology" in 1940.

In 1908, unable to explain how a dominant gene would not become ubiquitous in a population, Reginald Punnett introduced his problem to Hardy, with whom he played cricket. Hardy went on to formulate what became known as the Hardy–Weinberg law.

Hardy had a long collaboration with J.E. Littlewood, which resulted in a partial solution to a famous unsolved problem in number theory:
Hardy discovered the Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan, who was a brilliant student. Hardy saw his extraordinary intelligence and they worked together on many mathematical subjects. In an interview given to Paul Erdős, Hardy said that the discovery of Ramanujan was his (Hardy's) greatest contribution to mathematics and that their collaboration was "the one romantic incident in my life".


Sarcostemma clausum

White Vine ("Sarcostemma clausum") is a species of plant. It is also known as White Twinevine. It belongs in the subfamily Asclepiadoideae. It is native to southeastern United States and Texas.


Wilhelm Weinberg

Wilhelm Weinberg (1862 – 1937) was a German Jewish physician who became an important geneticist. He was a obstetrician and gynecologist, practising in Stuttgart. In 1908, he expressed the principle which would later come to be known as the Hardy–Weinberg law. Weinberg is also credited as the first to explain the effect of ascertainment bias on observations in genetics.

Weinberg was born in Stuttgart and studied medicine at Tübingen and Munich, receiving an M.D. in 1886. He returned to Stuttgart in 1889, where he remained running a large practice as a gynecologist and obstetrician until he retired to Tübingen a few years before his death in 1937. Much of his academic life was spent studying genetics, especially on applying the laws of inheritance in populations.

Weinberg developed the principle of genetic equilibrium independently of British mathematician G.H. Hardy. He delivered an exposition of his ideas in a lecture on 13 January 1908, about six months before Hardy's paper was published in English. His lecture was printed later that year in the society's yearbook. 

Weinberg's contributions were unrecognized in the English speaking world for more than 35 years. Curt Stern, a German geneticist who emigrated to the United States before World War II, pointed out in a brief paper in "Science" that Weinberg's exposition was both earlier and more comprehensive than Hardy's.

Weinberg pioneered studies of twins, and developed techniques to analyse phenotypic variation. His aim was to partition this variance into genetic and environmental components. In the process, he recognized that ascertainment bias was affecting many of his calculations, and he produced methods to correct for it. 

Weinberg observed that proportions of homozygotes in familial studies of classic recessive genetic diseases generally exceed the expected Mendelian ratio of 1:4, and he explained how this is the result of ascertainment bias. In his work with albino children, he recognized that in some families where both parents carry a recessive mutation, by chance no albino child occurs. He reasoned that many carrier couples were not being counted, and he demonstrated methods for correcting results to produce the expected Mendelian ratios. 

He discovered the answer to several seeming paradoxes caused by ascertainment bias. For example, he explained that the reason that parents as a whole are more fertile than their children is because children must necessarily come from fertile parents. 

By the same token, he recognized that ascertainment was responsible for a phenomenon known as "genetic anticipation", the tendency for a genetic disease to manifest earlier in life and with increased severity in later generations. Weinberg recognized that this was because those later generations were the offspring of that selected group of earlier carriers that had successfully reproduced.

Additional contributions by Weinberg to statistical genetics included the first estimate of the rate of twinning. Realizing that identical twins would have to be the same sex, while non-identical twins could be either same or opposite sex, Weinberg derived the formula for estimating the frequency of MZ and DZ twins from the ratio of same and opposite sex twins to the total of maternities. Weinberg also estimated that the heritability of twinning itself was close to zero.

Centre Georges-Vézina

The Centre Georges-Vézina, called the Colisée de Chicoutimi at first, is an arena in Chicoutimi, Quebec, Canada that has space for 4,651 pepple (including 3,683 seats). It where the Chicoutimi Saguenéens ice hockey team play. It is named for Georges Vézina, who played for the Montreal Canadiens as the goaltender and was from Chicoutimi. The arena was built in 1949 and has an ice surface of 200 feet by 100 feet, which is what the Olympics use.

Apocynum cannabinum

Apocynum cannabinum (commonly known as "Indian hemp") is a species of plant. It is also known as Dogbane, Amy Root, Hemp Dogbane, Rheumatism Root, and Wild Cotton. It is native to all of North America. It blooms from June to August. This species is found in moist lowlands, near stream edges, and near pond edges. It likes to grow in sandy or gravelly soil. Its height is 1–4 feet.


Indian hemp

Indian hemp can be any one of the following species of plants:


Wild Cotton

Wild Cotton can be one of two species of plants:

List of current NHL captains and alternate captains

The National Hockey League (NHL) is a professional ice hockey league with 32 teams founded in 1917. Each team can select a captain, who has the "sole privilege of discussing with the Referee any questions relating to interpretation of rules which may arise during the progress of a game". Each team is also allowed to pick alternate captains, who work when the captain is not on the ice. Captains have to wear the letter "C" on their uniform to show who they are; alternate captains wear the letter "A". Both letters are in height.

Some teams in the NHL do not have a captain. Rule 6.2 of the 2008–09 Official NHL Rulebook says that "[only] when the Captain is not in uniform, the Coach shall have the right to designate three Alternate Captains. This must be done prior to the start of the game." Many NHL teams with a captain select more than two alternate captains and change who wears the "A" for different games during the season.

Goaltenders are not allowed to be captains during games. This rule was made in 1948 after teams did not like that it took Montreal Canadiens goaltender Bill Durnan too long to skate to talk with the officials and back to his crease. However, Vancouver Canucks goaltender Roberto Luongo was the team's captain, but because of the NHL rule against goaltender captains, the league did not allow Luongo to act as captain on-ice. Because of this, the Canucks were allowed to have three alternate captains in games, instead of two that most teams have. Two (of the three) alternate captains took care of Luongo's on-ice work: Willie Mitchell (then alternate captain) talked to the officials. Luongo was not allowed to wear the "C" on his jersey, but it was part of the artwork on the front of his mask. Other than Durnan and Luongo, five other goaltenders have been captain o their team: John Ross Roach of the Toronto St. Patricks, George Hainsworth of the Montreal Canadiens, Roy Worters of the New York Americans, Alex Connell of the Ottawa Senators, and Charlie Gardiner of the Chicago Black Hawks.

When Connor McDavid was named captain of the Edmonton Oilers, he became the youngest permanent captain in NHL history. Gabriel Landeskog of the Colorado Avalanche and Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins, are the second- and third-youngest players to be named captain in NHL history, respectively. In 1984, Brian Bellows was named interim captain of the Minnesota North Stars when Craig Hartsburg was injured, and is the youngest player to captain a team in NHL history. However, because Bellows served only on an interim basis, McDavid retains the distinction of being the youngest permanent captain in the League's history. Mark Messier is the only player to captain two separate teams to Stanley Cup championships, those being the 1990Edmonton Oilers and the 1994 New York Rangers. Sidney Crosby also became the youngest captain to win the Stanley Cup with the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2009. The oldest permanent captain in league history was Mark Messier of the New York Rangers, who turned 43 years old, during his last NHL season, 2003–04. The longest tenure in league history was Steve Yzerman of the Detroit Red Wings, who served as captain of the Red Wings for (nineteen seasons) twenty years.

 Spent entire NHL career with team

Twenty-six of the thirty-one NHL teams currently have a captain. The five teams without a captain are the Detroit Red Wings, New Jersey Devils, New York Rangers, Ottawa Senators, and the Vegas Golden Knights. Of the twenty-six captains, twenty of them have been with their team for their entire career. The current longest-tenured captain in the League is Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins, who has served in the role since May 31, 2007.

Thirty of the thirty-one NHL teams have named at least the regulation two alternate captains. The one team having less than the regulation two named alternate captains is the Buffalo Sabres. Of the eighty alternate captains, forty-nine of them have been with their team for entire career. Teams that have named more than the regulation two alternate captains, excluding those without a captain, are required to rotate the two "A"s between those players by methods of their choosing. The current longest-tenured alternate captain in the League is Evgeni Malkin of the Pittsburgh Penguins, who has served in the role since October 3, 2008.

Outcrossing

Outcrossing is a term used in genetics for the mating of unrelated individuals in a population or species. It was originally used for the crossing of an inbred strain with the wild type. Hybrid vigour is the great improvement in fitness which usually occurs as a result of outcrossing a previously inbred line.

Outcrossing leads to random mating, whereas mating of relatives leads to inbreeding.

San Francisco Ballet

The San Francisco Ballet (SFB) is a ballet company. It was founded in 1933 as part of the San Francisco Opera Ballet. The company is based in the War Memorial Opera House in San Francisco, California under the direction of Helgi Tomasson who has been directing it since 1985. SFB is the first professional ballet company in the United States.


Corner Gas

Corner Gas was a Canadian sitcom that was on television from 2004 to 2009. It was set in the fictional town of Dog River, Saskatchewan and was shot in Rouleau, Saskatchewan. It stared Canadian comic Brent Butt. On April 6, 2009, Saskatchewan premier Brad Wall declared that April 13 would be "Corner Gas Day" in Saskatchewan. The show has won numerous awards and nominations including: 9 Canadian Comedy Awards and 6 Gemini Awards, It has also been nominated for an International Emmy Award in 2004.

In 2014, "", a movie based off the show was released. A revival of the show "Corner Gas Animated" ran from April 2, 2018 until November 1, 2021.


Spider monkey

Spider monkeys are New World monkeys, genus Ateles. They are small monkeys, well suited to living in trees. In fact, they rarely come down to the ground. These monkeys move quickly through trees by swinging and jumping from branch to branch.

Spider monkeys are found in rainforests in southern Mexico to the northern part of South America. Spider monkeys live in groups or bands of 10 to 40 monkeys. Every band lives in its own territory and one band of monkeys will not enter the territory of another band. Spider monkeys have one offspring per year. They live between 20 to 27 years, or more.

Spider monkeys eat fruit, nuts, leaves, and small eggs.
Usually the leader female of the whole group is responsible for finding and gathering all the food for the rest of the group. When there is not enough food, they sometimes eat bark, or honey, or insects.

Spider monkeys are extremely quick, and they have long, thin fingers with almost no hair at all. Unlike other monkeys, they use their tail much more than their fingers, and their tails are longer than their bodies. These tails can grasp and pick things up.

They have long, spindly limbs, which explains the spider monkey's common name. Their tails are fully prehensile, meaning they can pick things up with it, and they can swing from it. The tail, which may be up to long, is very flexible, with hairless tips and skin grooves similar to fingerprints. This adaptation to their strictly arboreal lifestyle serves as a fifth hand. They are clumsy on the ground.

Asian Boyz

The Asian Boyz is a street gang in Los Angeles, California that formed after an attack by the Tiny Raskal Gang that killed four people. At first, the gang was made up of young Cambodian refugees. The gang wears navy blue colors. The age of the Asian Boyz is between age 10 – 40 years of age. Their enemies are the Tiny Raskal Gang, Latin gangs, and all of the blood gangs. The Urban Dictionary lists the Asian Boyz as being the second biggest gang of Asian people and the 12th biggest gang in the USA. 

In 1995 the Asian Boyz killed at least five people, including three teenagers who died in a car crash on the freeway after being shot at by the gang. In 1998, one of the gang members, Truong Dinh, gave evidence in court about several murders by the gang. To try and stop Dinh from talking in court, the gang shot dead his father on the day before the trial.

Peleus

Peleus (, "Pēleus") was one of the early Greek heroes. Peleus was the son of Aeacus, king of the island of Aegina, and Endeïs, the nymph of Mount Pelion. Alongside his brother Telamon, he joined the hero Jason as one of the Argonauts on the quest to find the Golden Fleece. He was the husband of the Nereid Thetis, by whom he is the father of Achilles. 

Banker horse

The Banker horse is a breed that used to be domesticated, but now roams wild on North Carolina's Outer Banks.

Bibliography

Field research

Field research is research done in natural surroundings. It is used in biology to contrast with research done in the laboratory.

Field research is defined as a qualitative method of data collection that aims to observe, interact and understand people while they are in a natural environment. For example, nature conservationists observe behavior of animals in their natural surroundings and the way they react to certain scenarios. In the same way, social scientists conducting field research may conduct interviews or observe people from a distance to understand how they behave in a social environment and how they react to situations around them.

Field research encompasses a diverse range of social research methods including direct observation, limited participation, analysis of documents and other information, informal interviews, surveys etc. Although field research is generally characterized as qualitative research, it often involves multiple aspects of quantitative research in it.

Field research typically begins in a specific setting although the end objective of the study is to observe and analyze the specific behavior of a subject in that setting. The cause and effect of a certain behavior, though, is tough to analyze due to presence of multiple variables in a natural environment. Most of the data collection is based not entirely on cause and effect but mostly on correlation. While field research looks for correlation, the small sample size makes it difficult to establish a causal relationship between two or more variables.

Field research is typically conducted in 5 distinctive methods. They are:


In this method, the data is collected via an observational method or subjects in a natural environment. In this method, the behavior or outcome of situation is not interfered in any way by the researcher. The advantage of direct observation is that it offers contextual data on people, situations, interactions and the surroundings. This method of field research is widely used in a public setting or environment but not in a private environment as it raises an ethical dilemma.


In this method of field research, the researcher is deeply involved in the research process, not just purely as an observer, but also as a participant. This method too is conducted in a natural environment but the only difference is the researcher gets involved in the discussions and can mould the direction of the discussions. In this method, researchers live in a comfortable environment with the participants of the research, to make them comfortable and open up to in-depth discussions.


Ethnography is an expanded observation of social research and social perspective and the cultural values of an  entire social setting. In ethnography, entire communities are observed objectively. For example,  if a researcher would like to understand how an Amazon tribe lives their life and operates, he/she may chose to observe them or live amongst them and silently observe their day-to-day behavior.


Qualitative interviews are close-ended questions that are asked directly to the research subjects. The qualitative interviews could be either informal and conversational, semi-structured, standardized and open-ended or a mix of all the above three. This provides a wealth of data to the researcher that they can sort through. This also helps collect relational data. This method of field research can use a mix of one-on-one interviews, focus groups and text analysis.


A case study research is an in-depth analysis of a person, situation or event. This method may look difficult to operate, however, it is one of the simplest ways of conducting research as it involves a deep dive and thorough understanding the data collection methods and inferring the data.

E. B. Ford

Edmund Brisco Ford FRS (23 April 1901 – 2 January 1988) was a British ecological geneticist. He was a leader among those British biologists who investigated the role of natural selection in nature. As a schoolboy Ford became interested in lepidoptera, the group of insects which includes butterflies and moths. He went on to study the genetics of natural populations, and invented the field of "ecological genetics". Ford was awarded the Royal Society's Darwin Medal in 1954. Later, in 1968, he was awarded UNESCO's Kalinga Prize for the popularisation of science.

Specialising in genetics, he was appointed Oxford University Reader in Genetics in 1939 and was the Director of the Genetics Laboratory, 1952–1969, and Professor of Ecological Genetics 1963–1969. Ford was one of the first scientists to be elected a Fellow of All Souls College since the seventeenth century.

Ford had a long working relationship with R.A. Fisher. By the time Ford had developed his formal definition of genetic polymorphism, Fisher had got accustomed to high selection values in nature. He was most impressed by the fact that polymorphism concealed powerful selective forces (Ford gave human blood types as an example). Like Fisher, he continued the natural selection versus genetic drift debate with Sewall Wright, whom Ford believed put too much emphasis on genetic drift. It was as a result of Ford's work, as well as his own, that Dobzhansky changed the emphasis in the third edition of his famous text from drift to selection.

Ford predicted that human blood group polymorphisms might be maintained in the population by providing some protection against disease. Six years after this prediction it was found to be so, and furthermore, heterozygous advantage was decisively established by a study of AB x AB crosses. His magnum opus was "Ecological genetics", which ran to four editions and was widely influential. He laid much of the groundwork for subsequent studies in this field, and was invited as a consultant to help set up similar research groups in several other countries.

Amongst Ford's many publications, perhaps the most popularly successful was the first book in the "New Naturalist" series, "Butterflies". Ford also went on in 1955 to write "Moths" in the same series, one of only a few to have authored more than one book in the series.

E.B. Ford worked for many years on genetic polymorphism. Polymorphism in natural populations is frequent; the key feature is the occurrence together of two or more discontinuous forms of a species in some kind of balance. So long as the proportions of each form is above mutation rate, then selection must be the cause. As early as 1930 Fisher had discussed a situation where, with alleles at a single locus, the heterozygote is more viable than either homozygote. That is a typical genetic mechanism for causing this type of polymorphism. The work involves a synthesis of field research, taxonomy, and laboratory genetics.

Aster (genus)

Aster is a genus of flowering plants. It belongs in the family Asteraceae. The genus once had nearly 600 species in Eurasia and North America. After morphologic and molecular research on the genus during the 1990s, it was decided that the North American species are better treated in a series of other related genera. After this split there are about 180 species within the genus.

Here is a list of some common species:

Here is a list of some common North American species that are no longer in the genus "Aster":


Akihabara Station

Akihabara Station(秋葉原駅,あきはばらえき) is a railway station of JR East, Tokyo Metro, and Metropolitan Intercity Railway Company in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.


Borderline (Madonna song)

"Borderline" is a popular song by American singer Madonna. It was released in 1984.

Takadanobaba Station

Takadanobaba Station (高田馬場駅,たかだのばばえき) is a railway station of JR East, Tokyo Metro, and Seibu Railway in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.


Meet Me Halfway

Meet Me Halfway is a very popular song by music group The Black Eyed Peas. It was the third single released off of their album "The E.N.D.". 

Cirsium

Cirsium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. It is one of many genera with the common name being thistles. Other genera known as thistles include "Carduus", "Cynara", "Onopordon", and "Silybum".

They are mostly native to Eurasia and northern Africa. There are about 60 species in North America (although many species have been naturalized outside their native ranges).

Most species are considered weeds. "Cirsium vulgare" is listed as a weed in nine US states. Some species are planted in gardens for their beauty and to attract butterflies.


Oblast

Oblast is a type of administrative division in most Slavic countries and some countries of the former Soviet Union. The word "oblast" is used in English as well, but it is often translated as "area", "zone", "province", or "region". The last translation may lead to confusion, because the subdivision of "oblast" is called "raion" which can be translated as "region" or "district" as well.

Oblasts are a type of administrative division of Belarus, Bulgaria, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Ukraine, it was also used by the Soviet Union which does not exist anymore. Official terms in successor states of the Soviet Union differ, the majority (except Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and the Baltics) still use a cognate of the Russian term, e.g. voblast (voblasts, voblasts' , ) is used for provinces of Belarus, and oblys (plural: oblystar) for provinces of Kazakhstan.

Since 1997, Bulgaria has been divided into 28 "oblasti", usually translated as "provinces". Before, the country was divided into nine bigger units, also called "oblast".

Ukraine is divided into 24 oblasts.

Byelorussia is divided into 6 oblasts.

In the Russian Empire, oblasts were considered to be administrative units and were included as parts of Governorates General or krais. The majority of then-existing oblasts were on the periphery of the country or covered the areas where Cossacks lived.

In the former Soviet Union, oblasts were one of the types of administrative divisions of the union republics. As any administrative units of this level, oblasts were composed of districts ("raions") and cities/towns directly under oblasts' jurisdiction. 

The names of oblasts did not usually correspond to the names of the historical regions, as they were created as purely administrative units. With a few exceptions, Soviet oblasts were named after their administrative centers.

The oblasts in other post-Soviet countries are officially called:
"Viloyat" and "welayat" come from the Arabic language term "wilāya" (ولاية)

According to the Constitution of Russia, oblasts are considered to be subjects of the Federation, which is a higher status than that of administrative units they had within the Soviet Union. The federal subject status gives the oblasts some degree of autonomy and gives them representation in the Federation Council.

Oblasts were administrative units of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes between 1922 and 1929. During that period, the country was divided into 33 oblasts. In 1929, oblasts were replaced with larger administrative units known as "banovinas".

During the Wars] that split Yugoslavia several Serbian Autonomous Oblasts were formed in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. These oblasts were later merged into the Republic of Serbian Krajina and the Republika Srpska.

Rockford IceHogs

The Rockford IceHogs are an American professional ice hockey team that was founded in 2007 they play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Chicago Blackhawks. They play in Rockford, Illinois at the Rockford MetroCentre. They were a member of the United Hockey League from 1999 to 2007.


Belfast Agreement

The Belfast Agreement, also known as the Good Friday Agreement, was a political agreement in the Northern Ireland peace process during The Troubles. It was signed in Belfast on 10 April 1998 (Good Friday) by the British and Irish governments and it was supported by most of the political parties in Northern Ireland. On 23 May 1998 the Agreement got the support of the voters of Northern Ireland in a referendum. Also on the same day, voters in the Republic of Ireland voted separately to change their constitution in line with the Agreement. Northern Ireland was part of the United Kingdom, and would remain so until a majority of the people both of Northern Ireland and of the Republic of Ireland wished otherwise. Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) was the only large party in the whole of Ireland that was against the Agreement.

Democratic Unionist Party

The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is the biggest of the two main unionist political parties in Northern Ireland. It was founded by Ian Paisley and the current leader is Edwin Poots. It is the largest political party in Northern Ireland, with 10 of 18 Northern Irish seats in the UK Parliament as well as 28 of 90 seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly. They strongly support Northern Ireland staying in the United Kingdom, and are very conservative.

Tokyo Metro Tōzai Line

The Tōzai Line (東京メトロ東西線,とうきょうメトロとうざいせん) is a metro line of Tokyo Metro in Tokyo, Japan.




Andrew Ladd

Andrew Ladd (born December 12, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He played parts of 18 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Carolina Hurricanes, Chicago Blackhawks, Atlanta Thrashers, Winnipeg Jets, New York Islanders and Arizona Coyotes.

He played minor league hockey on the Pacific Vipers with his former teammates Troy Brouwer, Brent Seabrook and Colin Fraser. He won the Stanley Cup in 2006 with the Carolina Hurricanes and again in 2010 with the Chicago Blackhawks. He also played in the NHL for the now defunct Atlanta Thrashers.

On February 25, 2016, the Jets traded Ladd back to the Blackhawks, along with Jay Harrison and Matt Fraser, in exchange for Marko Daňo and a 1st-round draft pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.

On September 10, 2023, Ladd announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.

Dipsacus fullonum

Fuller's Teasel ("Dipsacus fullonum") is a species of plant. It is also known as Wild Teasel. It belongs in the teasel family (Dipsacaceae). 

It is native to Eurasia and Africa, and has been naturalized in the Americas, southern Africa, Australia, and New Zealand. This species grows to a height of 2–10 feet. The flowers are small and lavender-colored. They are arranged in an oval flower-head, which also contains many small leaves. These are hard and have a hooked and pointed tip. 

In ancient times, this plant was grown in gardens because its dry flower-heads were used to prepare wool for spinning. This was done by combing the raw wool with the flower-heads, so that the fibres were arranged neatly. The people who prepared wool were called "fullers", which is the origin of the plant's English and scientific names. Fuller's Teasel was also used in folk medicine, for example against skin infections.


Medical illustrator

A medical illustrator or medical artist is an artist that professionally works to use art to help to explain and record knowledge related to biology and medicine. They don't only make these things, but they can also work as consultants or administrators in the field of biocommunication. They make medical pictures using original and modern ways of doing things. These pictures appear in textbooks and advertisements about medicine, as well as professional journals and videos made to help instruct people in various medical procedures.

Medical pictures or diagrams have been made for hundreds of years or longer. Many of these pictures or diagrams look different than the ones that we see today because they were based on the studies of the scholars of that period in time rather than observing the thing that they wanted to draw directly.

As a job, medical illustration has a more recent history. In the late 1890s, Max Brödel, who was an artist from Leizpig, was brought to the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine to draw pictures for several notable clinicians, including Harvey Cushing, William Halstead, and Howard Kelly.

Max Brödel also made several new techniques for drawing medical pictures, such as carbon dust. He also looked over the making of first academic department of medical illustration, which is still active today.


1916 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1916 Stanley Cup Final was played between the National Hockey Association (NHA) winners Montreal Canadiens and the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA) winners Portland Rosebuds. This was the first time that a best-of-five Cup series had all five games played. The Rosebuds were the first team from the United States to play for the Cup. The Canadiens defeated the Rosebuds three games to two and won the Cup for the first time.

Conyza canadensis

Canadian Horseweed ("Conyza canadensis") is species of plant. It is also known as Canadian Fleabane, Coltstail, and Marestail. It belongs in the family Asteraceae. It is native to North America and Central America. It has been naturalized in Alaska and Hawai'i. It blooms from June to September. This species is found in prairies, fields, along roadsides, gardens, and stream edges. It has a height of 3 inches to 10 feet.


Marestail

Marestail (also mare's tail) may mean:




The Twilight Saga: New Moon

The Twilight Saga: New Moon is a movie based on the book, "New Moon", one of the Twilight saga books by Stephenie Meyer. It is the second movie to be made about the teenage vampires, the first being "Twilight". The movie, directed by Chris Weitz, stars Kristen Stewart as Bella, and Robert Pattinson as Edward. Filming for the third movie in the series, "Eclipse", started before "New Moon" was finished.

In the USA the movie made $140.7 million on its opening weekend. In Australia, the movie set the record for the most money on an opening weekend with AU$16.01 million, or more than one million tickets.
Twilight is about a girl (Bella) who falls in love with two guys (Edward a vampire & Jake a ware wolf) Bella sacrafises her life when she gets married to Edward.She then gets pregnant with Edwards child which sucks the life of her . As she gives birth to her baby she dies that's when Edward has to bring her back to life by bitting her and adding his venom on her in order for her live

Treaty of Maastricht

The Treaty of Maastricht was a treaty signed between European countries, in the Dutch city of Maastricht, on 7 February 1992. This treaty made possible further integration between European states, and made possible the existence of the European Union, doing better than previous treaties such as the Treaty of Rome. European integration went even further with the Treaty of Lisbon, which was signed in 2007 and became effective in December 2009.

Treaty of Lisbon

The Treaty of Lisbon was signed on 13 December 2007 between 27 European states that are members of the European Union (EU). It became effective on December 1, 2009. It is now the document that defines the Union, but it is not a constitution. It gives a common set of rules that the member states have agreed to use on subjects where they have decided to work together. It does better than previous treaties such as the Treaty of Rome and the Treaty of Maastricht. It gives the European Union new things, such as:



President of the European Council

The President of the European Council is a position that was created by the Treaty of Lisbon. The President is the chairman of the European Council, which is the meeting of the leaders of all the member states.

It's a very diplomatic figure, and it's not like a head of state: the President does not have any power to make decisions about the European Union. The Union has several other presidents, such as the president of the European Parliament and the president of the European Commission.
But the President of the European Council, casually but wrongly known as The President of Europe, is the face by which the European Union is known to the rest of the world. The more practical aspects of this task are the responsibility of the High Representative for Common Foreign and Security Policy, the Commissioner responsible for external affairs.

On 2 July 2019, the European Council elected Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel as the successor to Donald Tusk as President of the European Council for the period from 1 December 2019 to 31 May 2022.

High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy

The High Representative for Common Foreign and Security Policy is a position created by the Treaty of Lisbon, starting December 1, 2009 (it was actually already created in 1999). The position is part of the European Commission. 

Her duty is to be the face of European Union to the rest of the world, along with the President of Europe

The job is sometimes known casually a "the European Foreign Minister" but this is not correct because she is not a member of any government.

High Representatives:

Catherine Ashton

Catherine Margaret Ashton, Baroness Ashton of Upholland, (born 20 March 1956 at Upholland, Lancashire) is a British Labour politician. She was born in Upholland, Lancashire, England. In November 2009, she was appointed to be the first European Foreign Minister. 


Herman Van Rompuy

Herman Van Rompuy (born 31 October 1947) is a Belgian politician. In November 2009 he was appointed the first permanent President of the European Council, which is the meeting of the heads of government of all of the member states of the European Union.

He was previously Prime Minister of Belgium.

Treaty of Rome

The Treaty of Rome was signed on 25 March 1957 between six European coutries (Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Germany. After centuries of wars, those countries started to act together for more peace and prosperity. This treaty was the basis of the European Economic Community. It was one of two treaties (the other being Treaty of Maastricht) that created the European Union. It created a common market for goods and people. Other countries later joined it. 

Shinhwa

Shinhwa, first started in the year 1998, is a South Korean band. It is made up of six male members. In the earlier years of the band, they were under SM Entertainment, later switching to Good Entertainment.

Dave Davies

David Russell Gordon "Dave" Davies (born 3 February 1947 in Fortis Green, London) is an English rock musician who is best known as the lead guitar player in English rock group The Kinks. His brother Ray Davies was the band's lead singer.

In 1990 Davies, along with the other three original members of The Kinks, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

In 2003, Davies was listed at 88 in "Rolling Stone's" list of the ""100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.""

Davies is openly bisexual.


Coffee cake

A coffee cake can be either.

Coffee cakes are typically single layer cakes that may be square or rectangular like a Stollen. Coffee cakes are typically flavored with cinnamon, nuts, and fruits. These cakes sometimes have a crumbly or crumb topping called Streusel and a light glaze drizzle. In American, they are frequently eaten at festive breakfasts.

Coffee cakes can be similar to teacakes, but teacakes are often smaller individual items served with tea.

Mi Plan

Mi plan ("My Plan") is the fourth studio album by singer Nelly Furtado It is also her first ever all Spanish album. It was released in September, 2009. Seven of the songs were written together by Furtado and Cuban musician, Alex Cuba.


Swahili people

The Swahili are a people and culture found on the East coast of Africa, mainly the coastal regions and the islands of Kenya and Tanzania, and north Mozambique. The Swahili number is at around 1,328,000. The number of Swahili speakers, on the other hand, numbers at around 90 million people. The name "Swahili" comes from the Arabic word "Sawahil" and means "coastal dwellers". Swahili is official language only in Tanzania. Swahili speakers who live elsewhere in East Africa also have to use the official languages of their respective countries: English in Kenya, Portuguese in Mozambique, and French in Comoros. Only a small part of those who use Swahili are first language speakers and even fewer are ethnic Swahilis. This point is often obscured by the Swahili linguistic tradition in which those who speak the language are often called Swahili (Waswahili) regardless of their actual ethnic origins. In other words, the term 'Swahili' can mean 'those who speak Swahili' or it can mean 'ethnic Swahili people'.

The Swahili are unique Bantu inhabitants of the East African Coast mainly from Kenya, Tanzania, and Mozambique. They are mainly united by culture and under the mother tongue of Kiswahili, a Bantu language. There are Arab, Persian, and other migrants who reached the coast some believe as early as the 7th-8th c. CE, and mixed with the local people there, that are regarded as Swahili now. Because of this influence the Swahili language contains many loan words from Arabic and Persian. Archaeologist, Felix Chami thinks that Bantu settlements at the East African coast existed already at the beginning of the 1st millennium. From the 6th century onward they became more important as there was an increase in trade (mainly with Arab merchants), population growth, and further centralized urbanization. So the Swahili City-States developed.

Islam came to the East African coast around 1012 AD, when the traders from the Persian Gulf and the Arabian Peninsula continued to journey to these parts during monsoon seasons and to have contact with the local people through trade, marriage, and an exchange of ideas. Because of this interaction, most of the Swahili today are Muslim. The Swahili follow a very strict and orthodox form of Islam.

For centuries the Swahili depended greatly on trade from the Indian Ocean. The Swahili have played a vital role as middle man between east, central and South Africa, and the outside world. Trade contacts have been noted as early as 100 A.D. by early Roman writers who visited the East African coast in the first century. Trade routes extended across Tanzania into modern day Zaire. Along these goods were brought to the coasts and were sold to Arab, Indian, and Portuguese traders and even reached as far as China and India. Materials of this trade were also found at Great Zimbabwe. During the Middle Ages, ivory and slaves became a substantial source of income. Many slaves who were sold in Zanzibar ended up in Brazil, which was then a Portuguese colony. Swahili fishermen of today still rely on the ocean to supply their primary source of income. Fish is sold to their inland neighbors in exchange for products of the interior.



Tudor period

The Tudor period usually refers to the period between 1485 and 1603, specifically in relation to the history of England. This was the period when the Tudor dynasty ruled in England. Its first monarch was Henry VII (1457– 1509). The term is often used more broadly to include Elizabeth I's reign (1558– 1603), although this is often treated separately as the Elizabethan era.
Following the Black Death and the agricultural depression of the late 14th century, population grew bigger again. The export of woollen products to mainland Europe helped the economy rather much. Henry VII got favourable trading conditions in 1496.

The high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 14th century and early 15th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage. Various inflationary pressures, perhaps due to influx of New World gold and rising population, meant that the gap between the rich and poor widened. This was a period of significant change for the majority of the rural population, because enclosure started.

Impact of Dissolution
The Tudor Government raised a huge amount of revenue from the dissolution of the monasteries. The clerical income from First Fruits and Tenths, which previously went to the Pope, now went to the King.

Partly because of the new revenue raised from the dissolution of monasteries, Cromwell created revenue courts to allot the royal income properly to various departments. These were the six courts or departments of state, each fully organised with its own specialised officials, with seals and habitat, and responsible for a particular kind of revenue.

The Role of Winchester
The growing number of departments meant that the number of officials involved increased, which made the management of revenue troublesome and expensive. There were further financial and administrative difficulties of the years 1540-58.

Impact of War
Henry’s war with France and Somerset’s war with France and Scotland cost England huge y.

In 1487 Henry VII's enemies from the House of York had crowned a pretender and landed a small army off the coast of Cumbria with the intention of stealing the crown. Henry VII defeated them at East Stoke. This was perhaps the last battle in the Wars of the Roses.

This was perhaps the most significant series of events which took place during the Tudor period. It began as a result of Henry VIII's quarrel with Pope Clement VII regarding his refusal to grant a divorce.

Beginning in 1549, this was to be the largest popular uprising during the Tudor period. It was at first intended as a demonstration against enclosures of common land. The leader, Robert Kett, was hanged for treason.
About a third of the population lived in poverty with the wealthy expected to give alms to assist the impotent poor. Tudor law was harsh on those unable to find work. Those who left their parishes in order to find work were called vagabonds and could be punished by whipping.

The idea of the workhouse was first suggested in 1576.

Average life span was 35. This was because of the poor amount of medicines and doctors at the time. High rates of childhood mortality saw only 33-50% of the population reaching the age of 16.

Although home to only a small part of the population the Tudor municipalities were overcrowded and unhygenic. Most municipalities were unpaved although this differed in larger towns and cities.

There were no sewers or drains and rubbish was simply abandoned in the street. Animals such as rats thrived in these conditions. In larger towns and cities, such as London, common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox, measles, malaria, typhus, diphtheria, Scarlet fever, and chickenpox.

Outbreaks of the Black Death pandemic occurred in 1498, 1535, 1543, 1563, 1589 and 1603. The reason for the speedy spread of the disease was the increase of rats infected by fleas carrying the disease.

The food consumed by the dinvery rich in this period consisted largely of venison, and often of blackbirds and larks. Fruits and vegetables were only eaten by Tudors when it was in season. However, potatoes had not reached the table to any great extent, because farmers had only just begun growing them, although explorers such as Sir Walter Raleigh had brought them to Britain.

The majority of the population lived in small villages. Their homes comprised, as in earlier centuries, of thatched huts with one or two rooms. Furniture was basic with stools being commonplace rather than chairs.

Mansions had many chimneys for the many fireplaces required to keep the vast rooms warm. These fires were also the only way of cooking food. The very large houses were often, designed in symmetrical shapes such as 'E' and 'H'.

Poorer children never went to school. Children from better-off families had tutors to teach them reading and French. However, boys were often sent to schools which belonged to the monasteries and there they would learn mainly Latin in classes of up to 60 boys. Schools were harsh and caning was not unheard of.

The rich used to go hunting to kill deer and wild boar for their feasts. They also enjoyed fencing and jousting contests. Most rich people watched bear fighting.

In the Tudor times fashion was a display of how wealthy you were. Wealthy people — such as royalty — could afford to have clothes made out of fine linen or silk. These outfits cost hundreds and hundreds of pounds. They would also have them embroidered with gold thread and very sparkly and expensive jewels.Ladies had to wear corsets which were made out of bone and they were ever so tight and made your stomach and waist smaller so you looked skinnier. Poorer people would wear simple clothes made from wool, tunic and trousers for men, and a long dress worn with an apron on top for poor women.

The House of Tudor produced five English monarchs who ruled during this period.



Harrington, Peter. The Castles of Henry VIII. Oxford, Osprey, 2007.


Andrei Kirilenko

Andrei Kirilenko (born February 18, 1981 in Izhevsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Small forward that formerly played for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

He played in the NBA with the Utah Jazz for 10 seasons and then played in Russia with his original team, CSKA Moscow. After playing a season with them, he returned to the NBA and signed with the Minnesota Timberwolves on July 27, 2012.

He is of Russian origin. His jersey number is 47. He is nicknamed AK-47 because of his jersey number and because the AK-47 came from Russia.

Kirilenko was named as Russia's flag bearer for the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics games.


Bjarne Stroustrup

Bjarne Stroustrup (born 30th December 1950 in Århus, Denmark) is an American-Danish computer scientist, most famous for creating the C++ programming language.

Vanessa Redgrave

Dame Vanessa Redgrave (Blackheath, London, England, 30 January 1937) is an English actress and activist.

Born in a theatrical family, her father was actor Sir Michael Redgrave (1908-1985). Her mother was actress Rachel Kempson (1910-2003). Her brother Corin Redgrave (1939-2010) and sister Lynn Redgrave (1943-2010) were both actors. She began her career in theatre in 1958 with the Royal Shakespeare Company. 

She made her movie debut in 1966 in "Morgan, a Suitable Case for Treatment", followed by "Blowup". 

In 1967, she appeared in the musical "Camelot", opposite Richard Harris. Other notable movies have included; "The Charge of the Light Brigade" (1968), "Isadora" (1969), "The Devils" (1970), "The Trojan Women" (1971), "Mary Queen of Scots" (1972), "Murder on the Orient-Express" (1974), "Julia" (1977), for which she won an Academy Award for best supporting actress, "Agatha" (1979), "The Bostonians" (1984), "Wetherby" (1985), "Howard Ends" (1992), "Mrs Dalloway" (1997), etc.

On television, she appeared in "Playing for Time" in 1980, which won her an Emmy Award for best actress, as well as in the teleseries "Peter The Great" (1986) and "Young Catherine" (1991). 

In 2010 she received the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award.

Redgrave was married to movie director Tony Richardson from 1962 until 1967, with whom she had two daughters: actresses Natasha Richardson (1963-2009) and Joely Richardson (b. 1965). She has a son, Carlo Gabriel Nero (b. 1969) with Italian actor Franco Nero, whom she married in 2006.


WarioWare DIY

WarioWare D.I.Y., known in Japan as , is a minigame video game released for the Nintendo DS in 2009. It is the seventh title in the "WarioWare" series. It was first revealed on October 2, 2008 and it was released in Japan on April 29, 2009. In North America, it was announced at E3 2009 on June 2nd, 2009.

"WarioWare D.I.Y." allows players to design their own minigames, creating their own graphics, music and designing a 'cassette' for them. The game features three sections in its main menu: My House, where the player designs minigames, WarioWare, the tutorial, and My Shop, where the player makes microgame cassettes. When creating the music, the player can sing through the DS's microphone, which the DS then turns them into notes. These notes can then be performed by various instruments such as pig noises. 

Players can send their creations to other D.I.Y. owners or receive other people's works. They can also be uploaded to Nintendo Wi-Fi connection for contest purposes. Microgames made available by Nintendo can be downloaded, too. Additionally, the WiiWare game Asobu Made in Ore allows users to play the microgames on the Wii with the Wii remote's pointer.


Phil Keaggy

Philip Tyler Keaggy (born March 23, 1951 in Youngstown, Ohio) is an American musician. He is most famous for playing Contemporary Christian music. He has won seven "Dove Awards" for his instrumental albums and he has been nominated twice for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Gospel Album. The style of guitar playing he is most famous for is his "fingerpicking" style which means he usually plucks the strings with his fingers rather than use a plastic guitar pick. Many guitar magazines have voted him as one of the best in the world at the fingerpicking style.


Apocynaceae

The Apocynaceae or dogbane family is a family of flowering plants in the order Gentianales. It includes trees, shrubs, herbs, and lianas. They usually have a milky sap. There are about 200 genera and 2,000 species.

Reaction inhibitor

A reaction inhibitor is a substance that slows down chemical reactions without being involved in the actual reaction. It does the opposite of a catalyst, which speeds up reactions without undergoing a permanent change in itself. An example is snake venom, which is deadly for humans because it can slow down their internal chemical reactions.

Azad Kashmir Regiment

The Azad Jammu and Kashmir Regiment is one of the six infantry regiments of Pakistan Army. Its "Azad Jammu and Kashmir Regimental Centre" is located at Mansar (Pakistan), Attock District, The Pak-Punjab.

Federal Capital Territory (Pakistan)

The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) around Karachi was the original Capital territory of Pakistan. The FCT was created in 1948 from the city of Karachi and surrounding areas as the location for Pakistan's capital following independence. The FCT was bordered by the province of Sind Province (1936–1955) to the northeast and the princely state of State of Las Bela to the northwest with the Arabian Sea to the south.

Merlot

Merlot is a type of red wine and it is the main agricultural production of the Swiss canton called ticino.

Charles Bronson

Charles Bronson (November 3, 1921 – August 30, 2003) was an American actor. He was a Purple Heart recipient.

He was born in Ehrenfeld, Pennsylvania. Bronson was married to Jill Ireland (his second marriage, 1968–1990) until her death from breast cancer. He died of pneumonia and Alzheimer's disease. He is of Tatar origin. He died in Los Angeles. 

He played Paul Kersey in the "Death Wish movie series". He was 5'9". He was 81 years old when he died. His real full name was Charles Dennis Buchinsky 
Rectified - Karolis was the 1st name, his parents being from Litva, a Balto-Slavic nation, not Tartar. 

Born Charles Buchinsky, Bronson changed his last name during his early career in the 1950s during the rise of McCarthyism. This was suggested by his agent in order to save his career from potentially being blacklisted as a communist.


Sundance Film Festival

The Sundance Film Festival is an American movie festival that takes place every year in Utah. It is one of the largest independent movie festivals in the United States. 

The festival is held in January in Park City, Salt Lake City, Ogden, and at the Sundance Resort. It is an event for new work from American and international independent movie makers. The festival has competition for American and international drama and documentary movies, feature films and short films.

The 2015 Sundance Film Festival took place January 22 to February 1, 2015. "What Happened, Miss Simone?", a documentary about American singer Nina Simone, opened the festival. A comedy-drama movie, "Grandma", was the closing night movie. It stars Lily Tomlin.

Many notable independent movie makers first got noticed at Sundance, including Kevin Smith, Robert Rodriguez, Quentin Tarantino, Todd Field, David O. Russell, Steve James, Steven Soderbergh, Darren Aronofsky, James Wan, Edward Burns, and Jim Jarmusch. 

The festival has also given more attention and a larger audience to such movies as "Saw", "Super Troopers", "The Blair Witch Project", "Spanking the Monkey", "Reservoir Dogs", "Primer", "Little Miss Sunshine", "Clerks", "Sex, Lies, and Videotape", "The Brothers McMullen", "Afternoon Delight", "Napoleon Dynamite", and "Whiplash".



Turner Field

Turner Field is a baseball ballpark in Atlanta, Georgia, home to the Atlanta Braves. The park first opened in 1996 to host the Summer Olympics in Atlanta, when it was known as Centennial Olympic Stadium. After the Olympics and Paralympics, the park was changed to allow baseball to be played, and opened for the 1997 Braves season. The stadium replaces Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, which was built in 1966.
On November 11, 2013, it was announced that the Braves would leave Turner Field for a new stadium in Cobb County. The lease which allowed the Braves to play in Turner Field was set to end in 2016, and the team stated that many fans had problems getting to the stadium on game days. At the new stadium's groundbreaking on September 16, 2014, that venue's name was revealed as SunTrust Park.
After the Braves left, Turner Field has been reconfigured for the second time, redesigned for college football in 2017 as Center Parc Stadium for Georgia State University. Architecture firm Heery was responsible for both stadium conversions.

Stevie Nicks

Stephanie Lynn "Stevie" Nicks (born May 26, 1948, in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American singer-songwriter. She is best known for her work with Fleetwood Mac. Within the band and as a solo singer, she has over forty Top 50 hits and has sold over 140 million albums. 

Nicks was named "The Reigning Queen of Rock and Roll" and one of the "100 Greatest Singers of All Time" by "Rolling Stone". As a member of Fleetwood Mac, she was selected to be included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. She was included again in 2019 for her solo career. 

With Fleetwood Mac, Nicks has been nominated for nine Grammy Awards. They won the 1978 Grammy Award for Album of the Year for "Rumours". They also won the 2003 Grammy Hall of Fame Award.



Baloristan

Baloristan (Gilgit-Chitral) is the name of a region of Northern Areas of Pakistan. It borders Pakistan's North-West Frontier to the west, Afghanistan and China to the north, Indian-occupied Jammu and Kashmir to the east, leading to the frozen wastes of the Third Pole. 

The central administrative unit of Baloristan, Gilgit Agency.

Michael Waltrip

Michael Curtis Waltrip (born April 30, 1963 in Owensboro, Kentucky) is an American race car driver and owner of his team called Michael Waltrip Racing. Michael Waltrip is the younger brother of three time Sprint cup champion, Darrell Waltrip.

Jean Simmons

Jean Simmons (January 31, 1929 – January 22, 2010) was an Anglo-American actress. She was active in movies, television and theatre.

Jean Simmons was born in London, England. She began her acting career very young, and appeared in films like David Lean's "Great Expectations" (1946) and Laurence Olivier's "Hamlet" (1948) while still a teenager.

As a very promising young actress, she came to Hollywood in 1950, where she appeared in such films as "The Robe" (1953), "Young Bess" (1953), "Désirée" (1954), "The Egyptian" (1954), "The Big Country" (1958), "Spartacus" (1960), "Elmer Gantry" (1960), "Life at the Top" (1965), "A Rough Night in Jericho" (1967), etc.

In the 1970s, she gradually turned to television work, notably in the highly successful miniseries "The Thorn Birds" (1983), for which she won an Emmy Award for best supporting actress, and "North and South " (1985).

Simmons was married twice. Her first was to actor Stewart Granger from 1950 to 1960, with whom she had a daughter, Tracy (born 1956). Simmons and Granger became American citizens in 1956. The second was to film director Richard Brooks from 1960 to 1977, with whom she had a second daughter, Kate (born 1961). Both marriages ended in divorce.

Simmons died at the age of 80 of lung cancer in Santa Monica, California.

Ernie Coombs

Ernest "Ernie" Coombs, CM (November 26, 1927 – September 18, 2001) who was most famous for being the host of the popular Canadian television TV show called "Mr. Dressup". 'Mr. Dressup was on TV for a very long time.

He was born in Lewiston, Maine in 1927. After he finished school at the North Yarmouth Academy he decided to find work entertaining children. He first started learning how to do this when he moved to Canada in 1963 and started working for Fred Rogers on an early version of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". This show was on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation TV channel. After Rogers moved back to the United States in 1964 Coombs stayed in Canada. His next work was on a TV show called "Butternut Square" which was on TV from 1964 to 1967.

After ""Butternut Square"" ended Coombs started the ""Mr. Dressup"" TV show. It would become one of Canada's longest-running children's TV shows. As Mr. Dressup he would do art, sing songs, tell stories and play children's games. In each show Mr. Dressup would dress up in costumes that he would find in a box he called his ""Tickle Trunk"".

Coombs became a Canadian citizen in 1994.

His TV show did not stop until February 1996. The same year, he was named a Member of the Order of Canada . 

Repeats of his TV show were shown on CBC Television until 2006.

After he retired from TV Coombs continued to work entertaining children and did a lot of work to raise money for many children's charities.

Coombs had a stroke on September 10, 2001. He died on September 18, 2001 in Toronto, Ontario. He was 73 years old when he died.



Pleiotropism

Pleiotropism is a central term in developmental genetics. In pleiotropism, a single gene affects a number of phenotypic traits in the same organism. 

These pleiotropic effects often seem to be unrelated to each other. The usual underlying mechanism is that the same gene is activated in several different tissues, producing apparently different effects. It follows that the phenomenon must be extremely common, since most genes will have effects in more than one tissue. 

The term may be contrasted with pleiomorphism, in which a genetically uniform group of organisms shows variable phenotypes.

Pleiotropy has significance for the theory of evolution. It has often been claimed that some heritable features of animals are not the product of adaptation by natural selection. Much of this may be explained by pleiotropism. Strong selection for one or two aspects of gene function will automatically bring along some other pleiotropic traits. These other traits, though inherited, may be neutral or even slightly deleterious in terms of selection.

"Antagonistic pleiotropy" refers to the expression of a gene resulting in multiple competing effects, some beneficial but others detrimental to the organism. Three circumstances are possible:

1. Simultaneously, a gene may cause deleterious traits which are outbalanced by the survival value of positive traits.

2. A gene may increase fitness in the younger, fertile organism, yet contribute to decreased fitness later in life. The reproductive contribution at the younger stages of life will ensure the spread of such a gene.

3. A gene may increase fitness in some habitats, but not others. Its survival in the population is then balanced. An example is a bacterial gene which enhances glucose use at the expense of the ability to use other energy sources (such as lactose). This has positive effects when there is plenty of glucose, but can be lethal if lactose is the only available food source.

Empire of the Sun (band)

Empire of the Sun is an Australian electronic music group which started in 2007. The band is made up of two musicians, Luke Steele of The Sleepy Jackson and Nick Littlemore of Pnau. The pair achieved chart success with their first single, "Walking on a Dream", which got to number ten on the Australian charts, and reached 64 on the UK Singles Chart.

Their first album also called "Walking on a Dream", released in October 2008, won a platinum award in Australia. Another single from the album, "We Are the People" reached the top 25. Recently Empire of the Sun was in the news for getting to fourth position on the BBC’s annual Sound of Music poll 2009. They are currently signed to EMI Australia and Virgin UK. In November 2009, the band won four awards from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). They were given the award for the best group, the best pop release, the Album of the Year, and Single of the Year.

Empire of the Sun is very different, Luke Steele said that "...we are not a band. We're anything we want it to be..." The two musicians play a lot of instruments and dress in elaborate stage costumes.


Interrobang

An interrobang or interabang is a grammatical symbol which combines both the exclamation mark (!) and the question mark (?).

The basic purpose of is to put at the end an exclamatory sentence, such as one where we are in disbelief (ex. You did what‽)

It is a very uncommonly used symbol as most people would simply end their exclamatory questions with both of the symbols like this: !? or ?!

On a computer an interrobang looks like this: ‽

On a chromebook the unicode is: Ctrl+Shift+u+2+0+3+D

Altruism

Altruism (or selflessness) is concern for the well-being of others. A truly altruistic act is something done completely for the benefit of another, without concern for the self. It usually involves sacrificing something (time, effort or possessions), with no expectation of receiving anything in return (including recognition for the act of giving). It is considered a virtue in many cultures and a basic aspect of most religions. It is the opposite of selfishness.

Altruism is different from acts done out of responsibility, loyalty or moral obligation towards a specific individual (such as a god, a king or a government). Whether "pure" altruism is possible has been debated by scholars for thousands of years. One theory says that no act of giving, helping or sacrificing can be described as truly selfless, because the person will receive personal gratification from it (that is, a feeling of satisfaction that they have done something good for another). Whether this theory is correct depends on whether such feelings qualify as a 'reward' or 'benefit'.

The word "altruism" was given by the French philosopher Auguste Comte in French, as "altruisme", for an antonym of egoism. He derived it from the Italian "altrui", which in turn was derived from Latin "alteri", meaning "other people" or "somebody else".

Altruism in biological observations in field populations of the day organisms is an individual performing an action which is at a cost to themselves (e.g., pleasure and quality of life, time, probability of survival or reproduction), but benefits, either directly or indirectly, another individual, without the expectation of reciprocity or compensation for that action. Steinberg suggests a definition for altruism in the clinical setting, that is "intentional and voluntary actions that aim to enhance the welfare of another person in the absence of any quid pro quo external rewards". In one sense, the opposite of altruism is spite; a spiteful action harms another with no self-benefit.

The concept of altruism has long been studied in philosophy and ethics. The term was originally used in the 19th century by sociologist and philosopher of science, Auguste Comte. It has become an important topic for psychologists (especially those that study evolutionary psychology), evolutionary biologists and ethologists. The scholars of each field have developed different ideas about altruism. All agree that altruism is caring about the welfare of other people and acting to help them.

In the study of animal behaviour, altruism is seen in social animals when an individual willingly sacrifices itself for the better survival of the group. There are several theories about how this behaviour has come about under evolution by natural selection.

These theories try to explain how evolution has shaped psychological mechanisms, such as emotions, that encourage altruistic behaviour. 

Most, if not all, of the world's religions promote selflessness as a very important moral value. It forms part of the central philosophies of Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, Islam, Jainism, Judaism and Sikhism, as well as many other religions.

Buddhism teaches love and compassion for all forms of life (ahimsa). Love is the wish that all beings be happy, and compassion is the wish that all beings be free from suffering. It considers all living things to be equal. Unlike most other religions, Buddhists believe that the consequences of our actions come not from punishments based on moral judgment, but from the law of karma ("kamma"). Karma is the natural law of cause and effect. In this law, we experience the effects of what we cause: if you cause suffering, then as a natural consequence you will experience suffering; if you cause happiness, then as a natural consequence you will experience happiness. Most types of karmas, with good or bad results, will keep one in the wheel of samsāra; others will liberate one to nirvāna.

In Sufism, the idea of "īthār" (selflessness) is defined as preferring others over yourself. For Sufis, this means devotion to others and completely forgetting concern for oneself. It teaches sacrifice for the sake of the greater good. Islam considers those practicing "īthār" as abiding by the highest degree of virtue. In "īthār", attention is focused on everything that exists except for the self.



Visegrád Group

The Visegrád Group (also the Visegrád Four or V4) is a group of four Central European countries: the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia. It was created in 1991 in Visegrád, Hungary for the purposes of better cooperation among these countries.


Standard error

The standard error, sometimes abbreviated as formula_1, is the standard deviation of the sampling distribution of a statistic. The term may also be used for an estimate (good guess) of that standard deviation taken from a sample of the whole group.

The average of some part of a group (called a sample) is the usual way to estimate the average for the whole group. It is often too hard or too costly to measure the whole group. But if a different sample is measured, it will have an average that is a little bit different from the first sample. The standard error of the mean is a way to know how close the average of the sample is to the average of the whole group. It is a way of knowing how sure one can be about the average from the sample.

In real measurements, the true value of the standard deviation of the mean for the whole group is usually not known. So the term "standard error" is often used to mean a close guess to the true number for the whole group. The more measurements there are in a sample, the closer the guess will be to the true number for the whole group.

One way to find the standard error of the mean is to have lots of samples. First, the average for each sample is found. Then the average and standard deviation of those sample averages is found. The standard deviation for all the sample averages is the standard error of the mean. This can be a lot of work. Sometimes it is too difficult or costly to have lots of samples.

Another way to find the standard error of the mean is to use an equation that needs only one sample. Standard error of the mean is usually estimated by the standard deviation for a sample from the whole group (sample standard deviation), divided by the square root of the sample size:

where

In general, the larger the sample, the closer the estimated standard error of the mean is to the actual standard error of the mean. As a rule of thumb, there should be at least six measurements in a sample. Then the standard error of the mean for the sample will be within 5% of the actual standard error of the mean (that is, if the whole group were measured).

There is another equation to use if the number of measurements is for 5% or more of the whole group:

There are special equations to use if a sample has less than 20 measurements.

Sometimes, a sample may come from one place even though the whole group may be spread out, while other times, a sample may be made in a short time period when the whole group covers a longer time. In which case, the numbers in the sample are not independent, and special equations are used to try to correct for this.

"A practical result:" One can become more sure of an average value by having more measurements in a sample. Then the standard error of the mean will be smaller because the standard deviation is divided by a bigger number. However, to make the uncertainty (standard error of the mean) in an average value half as big, the sample size (n) needs to be four times bigger. This is because the standard deviation is divided by the square root of the sample size. To make the uncertainty one-tenth as big, the sample size (n) needs to be one hundred times bigger.

Standard errors are easy to calculate and commonly used because:

The relative standard error (RSE) is the standard error divided by the average. This number is smaller than one. Multiplying it by 100% gives it as a percentage of the average. This helps to show whether the uncertainty is important or not. 

For example, consider two surveys of household income that both result in a sample average of $50,000. If one survey has a standard error of $10,000 and the other has a standard error of $5,000, then the relative standard errors are 20% and 10%, respectively. The survey with the lower relative standard error is better, because it has a more precise measurement (the uncertainty is smaller).

In fact, people who need to know average values often decide how small the uncertainty should be—before they decide to use the information. For example, the U.S. National Center for Health Statistics does not report an average if the relative standard error exceeds 30%. NCHS also requires at least 30 observations for an estimate to be reported.

For example, there are many redfish in the water of the Gulf of Mexico. To find out how much a 42 cm long redfish weighs on average, it is not possible to measure all of the redfish that are 42 cm long. Instead, it is possible to measure some of them. The fish that are actually measured are called a sample. The table shows weights for two samples of redfish, all 42 cm long. The average (mean) weight of the first sample is 0.741 kg. The average (mean) weight of the second sample is 0.735 kg—a little bit different from the first sample. Each of these averages is a little bit different from the average that would come from measuring every 42 cm long redfish (which is not possible anyway).

The uncertainty in the mean can be used to know how close the average of the samples are to the average that would come from measuring the whole group. The uncertainty in the mean is estimated as the standard deviation for the sample, divided by the square root of the number of samples minus one. The table shows that the uncertainties in the means for the two samples are very close to each other. Also, the relative uncertainty is the uncertainty in the mean divided by the mean, times 100%. The relative uncertainty in this example is 2.38% and 2.50% for the two samples.

Knowing the uncertainty in the mean, one can know how close the sample average is to the average that would come from measuring the whole group. The average for the whole group is between a) the average for the sample plus the uncertainty in the mean, and b) the average for the sample minus the uncertainty in the mean. In this example, the average weight for all of the 42 cm long redfish in the Gulf of Mexico is expected to be 0.723–0.759 kg based on the first sample, and 0.717–0.753 based on the second sample.


Really Wild Animals

Really Wild Animals was a National Geographic television series. It had Dudley Moore as the voice of "Spin".



Adaptive radiation

Adaptive radiation is rapid evolutionary radiation. It is an increase in the number and diversity of species in each lineage. It produces more new species, and those species live in a wider range of habitats.

Some definitions phrase it in terms of a single clade: "Adaptive radiation is the rapid proliferation of new taxa from a single ancestral group". However, in the most striking cases, such as occurred in the Triassic after the greatest extinction event in Earth history, many lines underwent rapid radiation simultaneously. This must have something to do with the availability of ecological niches and relative little competition.

The Ediacaran biota were the result of an early metazoan radiation. The greatest radiation of all took place early in the Cambrian period, when most of our animal phyla evolved: see List of animal phyla.

With less competition, groups diversify to fill available habitats and niches. This is an evolutionary process driven by natural selection.

The term was introduced and discussed by George Gaylord Simpson, the palaeontologist who contributed to the modern evolutionary synthesis. Others prefer not to use the term. Robert L Carroll prefers to use the term "major evolutionary transitions", though it turns out that all or most of these could also be described as adaptive radiations. Others use terms like macroevolution, or even megaevolution, as if the processes are different from those which occur below species level. It is part of evolutionary theory that all processes take place at the level of populations. All agree, though, that the speed of evolution does change, however it is measured.

Records of timing are bedevilled by gaps in the fossil record, often at those crucial early stages when numbers are low and geographical distribution is severely restricted. "In reality, there are long periods within nearly every lineage for which the fossil record remains unknown". These gaps affect our knowledge of timing, and of changes in body shape and function.

Nevertheless, when several distinctly new lines appear within a short period, it seems reasonable to say that the rate of change has been surprisingly fast. An example would be the appearance of new reptilian groups in the Upper Triassic. Using the term 'reptile' broadly, the groups include dinosaurs, pterosaurs, Chelonia (turtles), crocodylomorphs (early Crocodilia), phytosaurs, and ichthyosaurs a bit earlier (Middle Triassic).

These radiations occurred after the great Permian–Triassic extinction event that ended the Palaeozoic era. The Triassic itself had several lesser (but still significant) extinctions. Unfortunately, the Triassic has the poorest fossil record of the whole of the Mesozoic era.

The evolution of a new feature may let a group diversify because it makes possible new ways of living. A most striking example is the cleidoic egg, which developed in early amniotes, and permitted vertebrates to invade the land. The cleidoic egg must have been developed in the latest Devonian or early Carboniferous. Amphibians, who branched off before this event, still lay their eggs in water, and so are limited in the extent to which they can exploit land environments.

An example of a more modest innovation is the evolution of a fourth cusp in the mammalian tooth. This trait permits a vast increase in the range of foodstuffs which can be fed on. Evolution of this character has thus increased the number of ecological niches available to mammals. The trait arose a number of times in different groups during the Cenozoic, and in each instance was immediately followed by an adaptive radiation. With birds, the evolution of flight opened new possibilities, and at least two huge adaptive radiations occurred (one before and one after the K/T extinction event). Even more striking was the evolution of insect flight, which led to huge radiation in the Mesozoic era. Then, these insect groups developed ways of feeding on flowering plants. They now outnumber all other forms of animal life by quite a margin.

Adaptive radiations often happen when organisms enter environments with unoccupied niches, such as a newly formed lake or an isolated island chain. The colonizing population(s) may diversify rapidly and take advantage of all possible niches. Opportunities occur when land bridges form between areas which were previously separate, and whenever species get to new place in the world.

In Lake Victoria, an isolated lake which formed recently in the African rift valley, over 300 species of cichlid fish radiated from one parent species in just 15,000 years.
In about , the Hawaiian Islands have the most diverse collection of drosophilid flies in the world, living from rainforests to mountain meadows. About 800 Hawaiian drosophilid species are known.

Studies show a clear "flow" of species from older to newer islands. There are also cases of colonization back to older islands, and skipping of islands, but these are much less frequent. By potassium/argon radioactive dating, the present islands date from 0.4 million years ago (mya) (Mauna Kea) to 10mya (Necker). The oldest member of the Hawaiian archipelago still above the sea is Kure Atoll, which can be dated to 30 mya. The archipelago itself, produced by the Pacific plate moving over a hot spot, has existed for far longer, at least into the Cretaceous. The Hawaiian islands plus former islands which are now beneath the sea make up the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain; and many of the underwater mountains are guyots.

All of the native drosophilid species in Hawaii have apparently descended from "a single ancestral species" that colonized the islands, about 20 million years ago. The subsequent adaptive radiation was spurred by a lack of competition and a wide variety of vacant niches. Although it would be possible for a single pregnant female to colonise an island, it is more likely to have been a group from the same species.

There are other animals and plants on the Hawaiian archipelago which have undergone similar, if less spectacular, adaptive radiations.

Adaptive radiations commonly follow mass extinctions. After an extinction event, many niches are left vacant. A classic example of this is the replacement of the non-avian dinosaurs at the end of the Cretaceous with mammals in the Palaeocene.


Ajda Pekkan

Ajda Pekkan (born February 12, 1946 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish singer and actress. She is one of the most successful Turkish singers with the sales of over 30 million copies worldwide. She is called ""Superstar"". She has released more than 20 albums. Most famous ones are "Superstar", "Superstar II", "Superstar III" (also known as Superstar 83), "Ajda '90", "Ajda '93", "The Best of Ajda", "Diva", "Cool Kadın" and "Farkın Bu". Also he recorded singles in French and English.

Ajda was born to Rıdvan Pekkan, an officer in the Turkish Navy, and Nevin Dobruca, a housewife. She spent her childhood at the Gölcük Naval Base in Kocaeli Province. Ajda graduated from the Çamlıca Kız Lisesi.

She won a Cover Star contest in 1963 and she began her professional career. She started her career as an actress. She was a popular actress in 60s. She released her very first recording, "Göz Göz Değdi Bana" as a B-Side in 1964. Following year, she released her first single, "Her Yerde Kar Var" in 1965. In April 1977, she released an album called "Superstar". It was a great success. Album sold over millions of copies and became a classic. Her next album, "Superstar II", released in May 1979. It was more successful than Superstar. Songs from album, Bambaşka Biri (It was a Turkish cover of I Will Survive and it became a signature song of Ajda Pekkan), Dile Kolay, Ya Sonra, Haykıracak Nefesim Kalmasa Bile, Yeniden Başlasın, Bir Köşede Yalnız were successful hits. She gave concerts in Tehran, Paris and Tokyo in the 70s. She represented Turkey with the famous entry "Petr' oil" at the 1980 Eurovision Song Contest in the Hague, the Netherlands.

She released her first album on CD, "Ajda '90" in 1990. She recorded her "Ajda '93" album in the USA and Switzerland. Her complation albums containing the new recordings of his hit songs, "The Best of Ajda" and "Diva" were very successful albums. Her latest album, "Farkın Bu", which released in July 2011 became the most selling album of 2011 in Turkey.




The Fabulous Moolah

Mary Lillian Ellison (born July 22, 1923 in Kershaw County, South Carolina – died November 2, 2007 in Columbia, South Carolina), better known by her ring name The Fabulous Moolah, was an American female professional wrestler. She wrestled for WWE. She was a 4 time WWF Women's Champion. She was champion for almost thirty years. That made her champion longer than anyone else in the sport. She was inducted into the 1995 WWE Hall of Fame. She was the first woman to join the WWE Hall of Fame. She is also the oldest WWE Women's Champion ever to win the title against Ivory at No Mercy in 1999. She was best friends with fellow wrestler "Mae Young". The Fabulous Moolah also has a book about her life titled, "The Fabulous Moolah: First Goddess of the Squared Circle".

Moolah died on November 2, 2007 in Columbia, South Carolina of a heart attack.


Percentile

A percentile (or a centile) is a measure in statistics. 

It is a way of expressing where an observation falls in a range of other observations. 

For example, if a score falls in the 20th percentile, this means that 20 percent of all the scores recorded are equal to or lower. If a score is in the 90th percentile, this means that 90 percent of all the other scores were equal to or lower than that score. 

In statistics, percentiles are found by taking a large set of numerical data, arranging it in ascending order, and then dividing it into 100 groups with an equal number of data points. Each of the 99 dividing points is called a percentile of the data set. 

Some of the percentiles have special names. For example. the 25th, 50th and 75th percentiles are called the first, second and third quartile, respectively. The 50th percentile is also called the median.


Grand Coulee

The Grand Coulee used to be a river in the U.S. state of Washington. This dry river stretches for sixty miles from the Grand Coulee Dam to Soap Lake. A feature known as Dry Falls divides the Coulee into two parts. Dry Falls is thought to be the remains of the largest waterfall ever, two or three times higher than Niagara Falls.

The Grand Coulee is granite bedrock which is 40 to 60  million years old. The volcanic basalt is thick. The coulee is said to have been made when the Columbia River was blocked by a large glacier. At the end of the last ice age the Columbia River went back to its old route and left the coulee. The coulee is a mile wide and was formed by a river that now flows a different way.

The area surrounding the Grand Coulee is shrub land. It has a rainfall of twelve inches per year. The Lower Grand Coulee contains the Park, Blue, Alkali, Lenore, and Soap lakes. Until recently, the Upper Coulee was dry.

The "Columbia Basin Project" dammed the river in 1952. It used the Grand Coulee as an irrigation network. The Upper Grand Coulee was dammed and made "Banks Lake". The lake is filled by pumps from the Grand Coulee Dam. Banks Lake feeds a hundred-mile (160 km) irrigation system.

Latent autoimmune diabetes

Latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) is similar to both type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. Like type 1 diabetes, LADA is an autoimmune disease of the pancreas. This means the body's immune system attacks the cells in the pancreas that are supposed to make insulin. But LADA is also like type 2 diabetes, because it causes insulin resistance. This means that insulin does not work as well as it should in a person's body.

Most people with latent autoimmune diabetes are thin or skinny or have a normal BMI, although some are overweight to slightly obese. 

The biggest difference between LADA and type 1 diabetes is that LADA comes on slowly.

People with type 1 diabetes cannot make insulin. But if they are given a shot of insulin, the insulin works and does its job in their bodies. But in people with LADA, even if they are given insulin, the insulin may not work as well as it should.

Most people with LADA become insulin-dependent (have to inject insulin) within 3-15 years. This is very different from type 2 diabetes. Only 20%-30% of type 2 diabetics end up being insulin-dependent.

Another difference is that type 2 diabetes can happen to anyone at any age. But LADA does not affect children or teenagers. It usually affects people age 35 and older.

With LADA, the pancreas cannot make insulin because the immune system is attacking its insulin-making cells. This does not happen in type 2 diabetes.

Some people with LADA have family members with type 2 diabetes.

People with LADA are sometimes misdiagnosed (diagnosed incorrectly) as having type 1 or type 2 diabetes. A special blood test can prove what kind of diabetes a person has. The test looks for an antibody that only diabetics with LADA have. It is called a GAD antibody test.

People with LADA usually control their diabetes using very similar methods and changes of lifestyle to type 2 diabetes: eating right, exercising and oral medications; weight loss is optional. Unlike Type 2 diabetics who might never need to inject insulin the LADA patients become insulin dependent within several years.

The complications of latent autoimmune diabetes in adults are very like those for types 1 and 2 diabetes, like stroke, heart disease, gangrene, kidney trouble, and heart attacks.

There are glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) antibodies connected with LADA. There are also TCF7L2 genes associated with Type 2 diabetes which are also connected with LADA.


Screwdriver (cocktail)

The Screwdriver is an alcoholic cocktail. It is made from orange juice mixed with vodka which is an alcohol. It got its name because American builders used to add vodka to their orange juice and stir it with their screwdrivers.

Antoine Lavoisier

Antoine-Laurent de Lavoisier (26 August 1743 – 8 May 1794) was a French nobleman, chemist and biologist. He is often called the ""Father of Modern Chemistry"". His work is an important part of the histories of chemistry and biology. It also contributed to the beginnings of atomic theory. He was the first scientist to recognise and name the elements hydrogen and oxygen. He was executed, as were hundreds of other nobles, during the French Revolution.

Antoine de Lavoisier began studying at the Collège Mazarin in Paris in 1754, when he was 11 years old. Collège Mazarin was one of the best secondary schools in France then. He studied to be a lawyer like his father and his grandfather. He got his degree in 1763 and practised law at the parliament; however, he really preferred scientific research to law, so he also studied chemistry, botany, astronomy, and mathematics. He got his law degree in 1763, but never practised as a lawyer. He started a career as a scientist instead.

During his career, Lavoisier brought major changes to the study of chemistry. Much of his research was done on combustion. He is the person who explained combustion by oxidation. To prove this, Lavoisier studied the air. In order to do this, in 1776, he burned mercury in an enclosed vase. His conclusion: the air is a combination of oxygen and is not a chemical element.

He also discovered the law of conservation of mass that is "nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed". It says that the mass of the final products of a chemical reaction is the same as the reactants’ ones. Today, this principle is the basis of modern chemistry.

Lavoisier, together with L. B. Guyton de Morveau, Claude-Louis Berthollet and Antoine François de Fourcroy, created the first system of chemical nomenclature in the 1780s.

While he was doing research for chemistry, Lavoisier was also working at the government. During this time, the French Revolution began in 1789. Antoine kept his position in the government. But, two years later, a new government arrived in power. This new government was suspicious of Lavoisier's great success as a scientific researcher and as a public administrator. He was accused of selling modified tobacco. He was arrested for conspiracy against the people. Even though there was no proof that showed that Antoine de Lavoisier broke the law, he was sentenced to death on 8 May 1794. He was executed using the guillotine.

Tequila Sunrise

The Tequila Sunrise is an alcoholic cocktail made using tequila. Mexico is known for having Tequila in its bars. It is named afer the way it looks when it is poured into a glass, similar to the sky at sunrise. 

George Gaylord Simpson

George Gaylord Simpson (16 June 1902 – 6 October 1984) was an American paleontologist. Simpson was perhaps the most influential paleontologist of the twentieth century, and a major participant in the modern evolutionary synthesis. 

He was an expert on extinct mammals and their migrations, especially the Great American Interchange between the Americas. Simpson opposed Alfred Wegener's theory of continental drift, so his work on animal migration lacked this idea.

Simpson dispelled the myth that the evolution of the horse was a linear process culminating in the modern "Equus caballus". He coined the word "hypodigm" in 1940, and published extensively on the taxonomy of fossil and living mammals.

Born in Chicago, Illinois, Simpson was raised mostly in Denver, Colorado. He got his degrees from Yale University in 1923 and 1926. His dissertation, "American Mesozoic Mammalia" (1929), was the first step in his lifelong interest in the evolution of mammals. After a post-doctoral year at the British Natural History Museum, Simpson returned in 1927 to take up a post in the American Museum of Natural History.

In 1942, Simpson enlisted in the U.S. Army. He served as a Captain, then Major, in Army intelligence, Simpson served with American forces in North Africa and western Europe until 1944. Then he resigned, suffering from a severe bout of hepatitis. He returned home, with two Bronze Stars. He was promoted to Curator (head) of the Department of Geology and Paleontology at the American Museum of Natural History. He also held a post as Professor of Zoology at Columbia University (19451959). He took up his work on early mammals, and worked on the Palaeocene and Eocene faunas of the San Juan Basin, New Mexico. 

He was Curator of the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University from 1959 to 1970, and a Professor of Geosciences at the University of Arizona until his retirement in 1982.

In the 1940s Simpson produced three major works. "Tempo and mode in evolution" (1944), "Principles of classification and a classification of mammals" (1945) and "The meaning of evolution" (1949). Simpson provided a popular account of modern evolutionary theory with emphasis on evidence from the fossil record.

Simpson was awarded the Linnean Society's Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958. He also received the Royal Society's Darwin Medal "In recognition of his distinguished contributions to general evolutionary theory, based on a profound study of palaeontology, particularly of vertebrates" in 1962. He was awarded the U.S. National Medal of Science in 1965.

These quotations from Simpson give a good idea of the man:




Daisy Duck

Daisy Duck is a cartoon character created in 1940 at Walt Disney Animation Studios. 

Daisy made her official debut (an earlier love interest for Donald called Donna was introduced in the 1937 short 'Don Donald') in the 1940 short Mr. Duck Steps Out.


List of 100 greatest NHL players by The Hockey News

This is The Hockey News" top 100 National Hockey League players of all-time. The "Hockey News" is a newspaper that write about ice hockey. This list is included in the book The Top 100 NHL Players of All-Time" ().

The judges who helped make the selections for this list included writers, journalists, and broadcasters (Don Cherry, John Davidson, Milt Dunnell, Stan Fischler, Dick Irvin, Brian McFarlane, Bob McKenzie, Jim Matheson, Harry Neale, Frank Orr), as well as coaches, referees, general managers, and former players (Al Arbour, Scotty Bowman, Emile Francis, Howie Meeker, Scotty Morrison, Roger Neilson, Bud Poile, Sam Pollock, Marcel Pronovost, Billy Reay, Glen Sather, Harry Sinden, Red Storey).

Players in boldface were active when the list was published in early 1998. Flags of players "born" outside of Canada (regardless of nationality) are included next to their names.


James Norris Memorial Trophy

The James Norris Memorial Trophy is given out to the National Hockey League's best "defense player who demonstrates throughout the season the greatest all-round ability in the position". The James Norris Memorial Trophy has been awarded 53 times to 22 different players since it was first created in 1954. At the end of each season, members of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote to decide the player who was the best defenseman during the regular season.

The trophy is named in honour of James E. Norris, owner of the National Hockey League's Detroit Red Wings from 1932 to 1952. The trophy was first awarded at the end of the 1953–54 NHL season. 

Bobby Orr of the Boston Bruins won the award for a record eight seasons in a row (1968–75). Doug Harvey and Nicklas Lidström has won the award seven times, while Ray Bourque has won it five times during his career. The Boston Bruins have won the most Norris Trophies with 14. The Montreal Canadiens are second with 11.

There are only two players that have won both the Norris and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season: Bobby Orr, who won both trophies for the 1969–70, 1970–71 and 1971–72 seasons, and Chris Pronger, who won the Hart and Norris for the 1999–2000 NHL season.

Seven different defensemen won the Hart Trophy before the Norris Trophy's establishment: Billy Burch, Eddie Shore (four times), Herb Gardiner, Albert "Babe" Siebert, Ebbie Goodfellow, Tommy Anderson and Babe Pratt.

The voting is done at the end of the regular season by members of the Professional Hockey Writers Association, and each voter picks their top five candidates on a 10–7–5–3–1 points system. Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL awards ceremony after the end of the playoffs.




Epistle to the Colossians

Colossians is the fifty-first book in the Christian Bible, and the twelfth in the New Testament.

This book has been long thought to have been written by the Apostle Paul to the Christians in Colossae, a small Phrygian city in modern day Turkey. Some modern scholars think it was written by a follower of Paul based on how it describes Jesus. They believe those ideas took some time to be thought out. It is not as certain that Paul wrote this letter as it is with his other letters.

The letter may have been written by Paul at Rome when he was in jail the first time. Other scholars have suggested that it was written from Caesarea or Ephesus. This could have been about 62 A.D.,but it could have been later.

The letter to the Colossians says that Jesus Christ is over the entire created universe and tells Christians to lead godly lives. The letter consists of two parts: first a teaching section, then a second section about how to live. Some believe that the letter was needed to warn about growing heresy in the church. In both parts of the letter are warnings about false teachers who have been teaching wrong things to the people. Others see both sections of the letter as mainly about encouraging and teaching a growing church.

In the first two chapters the letter strongly says that Christ is over all that has been created. All things were created through him and for him, and the universe is kept by him. God had chosen to fully live in Christ. The "cosmic powers" honored by the false teachers had been defeated at Christ's death. Christ is the master of all angels and the head of the church. Christ is the only one who can be a go between with God and humans. It is the Father (God) in Colossians who is said to have saved us from darkness and put us in the kingdom of His well loved Son, Jesus also in some way restores all of the created world as well ("all things, whether things on earth or things in heaven").

The second part of the letter, chapters 3 and 4, tells the Christians how to live based on what they know about Jesus. They are told to think about things that are above, to kill the bad desires of their old nature, and to put on the new (Christian) person. Many special duties of the Christian life are also taught. These show that we are true Christians. The letter ends with prayer, instruction, and greetings.


Carousel

A carousel, also known as a merry-go-round, is a ride found in an amusement park or on a playground. It includes a circle-shaped rotating platform. A carousel found in an amusement park has seats made to look like objects such as automobiles, trains and animals. Animals that can be seen on a carousel might be horses, elephants, and swans. Carousels are often brightly decorated with lights, paintings, and animals around the outside. A carousel found in an amusement park often moves by machine power. A carousel is also a common toy on a child's playgrounds. Playground carousels are not powered by a machine. The children make the carousel spin by holding on to the handle bars that are attached to the rotating platform. The child will then run in a circle while holding on to the handle bars making the merry-go-round spin. The merry-go-round found on a playground will move faster or slower depending on how fast the child runs. In this Wikipedia article, you will be able to find other words for carousel that are commonly used, a brief history about carousels, animals that may found on carousels, and the scientific principles of how machine powered carousels work.

There are many words that have been invented to talk about carousels. They originate from all over the world. Both of the terms “Merry-go-round” and “round about” came from the United Kingdom. The word “carousel,” can also be spelled "carrousel". It is a word that came from the 17th century. The word "carousel" is a French word which means "a tilting match". This refers to the jousting game played by knights. Both “merry-go-round” and “carousel” are now used interchangeably in North America and The United Kingdom. There are many words which have the same meaning as carousel. Since it was a popular ride in the United Kingdom, America, and France, each region had its own term. Some people call carousels by different names. In England, a carousel can be called a roundabout, galloper, or tilt. In France, a carousel can be called a riding ring of wooden horses. In America, some people may call carousels flying horses, whirlgig, flying Dutchmen, flying jinny, Kelly’s goats, spinning jinny, hobby horses, steam circus, steam riding galleries, galloping-horse steam carousels, carry-us-alls, and the most popular merry-go-rounds. Most of the words used in the 1700s were to attract customers. Merry-go-round which means a ride rotating happily and Menagerie which means beasts. The reason a carousel is generally used today is due to its tie to the origin of the ride.

The earliest types of carousels were most likely created by Arabians. The first carousels were made for adults to ride. Today carousels are made for children to ride. However, the carousel was first recognized as being a carousel in Europe. People most likely made the first carousels in the seventeenth century. However carousels were used in France, to practice a game they enjoyed playing. For this game, horsemen practiced playing a game on which they would ride wooden horses, horses that were carved out of wood. The wooden horses would be rotated by servants pulling at the rotating platform. This would be similar to the playground carousels. Or the horsemen would use real horses to rotate the platform. The carousel emerged as a ride when a toy dealer in France showed wooden horses on a rotating platform moved by human power or horsepower in the beginning of 18th century. Carousels became popular in America between 1880 and 1930. During this time, there were around 5000 carousels built. Michael Dentzel, an American who immigrated from German and lived in Philadelphia, moved the rotary platform of his carousel using steam power or horsepower in 1814. Later, the carousels found in amusement parks had platforms moved by a machine. This concept is still being used today. It was invented in 1898 in America. Railroads were the first companies in America to purchase carousels for their customers' enjoyment.

The most popular of the carousel animals always has been and still is the horse. Eighty percent of animals carved for carousels in America are horses. Other animals that have been used on carousels include "Mother Goose" and "Disney" characters. The "romance" side of the carousel animals is the side that faces the audience. On the romance side the animal had extra carvings and decorations. Most of the carousels in Europe and America turn counterclockwise. In Great Britain, carousels turn clockwise.

A carousel is set up a little above the ground. The platform rotates under motor power in the middle and can move up and down. The number of seats resembling horses or other animals varies depending on the carousel but there are usually between 16 and 60. The horses on the platform are connected to a pole attached to both the floor and the ceiling of the ride. The velocity of a carousel’s rotation is about 5 rounds a minute. An average ride length is 2 to 3 minutes.
The speed of the ride is low in order to keep centrifugal force low because the faster it turns the more centrifugal force the ride will have. The axis in the middle has centripetal force, which is the opposite force of centrifugal force.


Tony Abbott

Anthony John "Tony" Abbott (born 4 November 1957) is an Australian politician, who was Prime Minister of Australia from September 2013 until September 2015, serving for just under 2 years. He became the leader of the Liberal Party, taking over from Malcolm Turnbull on 1 December 2009, and was in turn succeeded by Turnbull as Liberal leader and Prime Minister on 15 September 2015. He lost his parliament seat in the 2019 election.

Abbott was born in London, England to an Australian mother; her father was Dutch; her mother was Welsh. Abbott's father was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, moved to Australia during the Second World War and is an unconfirmed naturalized Australian citizen. Abbott was raised in Sydney, Australia and is a Roman Catholic. He studied economics and law at Sydney University, and then did a Master of Arts in politics and philosophy at Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar. When he came back to Australia he entered St. Patricks Seminary in Manly where he began training as a priest. He did not complete his priest training and in 1990 he started work as a journalist writing for the Bulletin magazine and the Australian newspaper From 1990-1993 Abbott worked as press secretary and an advisor to Dr. John Hewson, who was the Leader of the Opposition. He then worked as the executive director of Australians for a Constitutional Monarchy. He was elected to the Federal Parliament for the Division of Warringah in a by-election in 1994 after Michael McKellar resigned.

in 1998, Prime Minister John Howard made Abbott the Minister for Employment Services and in 2001 was promoted to Minister for Employment, Workplace Relations and Small Business. In 2003 Abbott was the Minister for Health and Ageing, and Leader of the House of Representatives in the Federal Parliament. After the defeat of the Howard Government in 2007 he was Shadow Minister for Families, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs. He resigned on 26 November 2009 in protest against Liberal Party policy on climate change. He then defeated the leader Malcolm Turnbull by only one vote in a Liberal Party leadership election on 1 December 2009.

Abbott led the party to the 2010 Federal Election. Following the narrow victory of the Australian Labor Party, Abbott was re-elected leader of the Liberal Party and remained Leader of the Opposition.

At the 2013 federal election on 7 September, Abbott led the Coalition to victory and became Prime Minister on 18 September 2013. Abbott is no longer prime minister of Australia and has been succeeded by Malcolm Turnbull. In September 2017 Abbott declared that government should end all the subsidies for renewable energy, coal.

Abbott has always held strong conservative and religious views and has not been afraid to speak out on controversial issues. Combined with his earlier training as a priest this has led to his being given the nickname of the "Mad Monk". Abbott for example does not support the right of women to have an abortion. As Minister for Health he created a huge protest in 2006 when he tried to ban a drug used for abortions. In 2012 he was criticised by Australian lawyer Julian Burnside for saying that refugees trying to reach Australia were acting in an un-Christian way. Abbott's policies for the 2013 Australian election includes a plan to stop refugee boats coming to Australia. He does not support marriage equality which would let same sex couples get married.

Abbott is a very keen sportsman, and regularly takes part in competitions. He is currently in training for the 2014 Port Macquarie Ironman contest. This is a race with a 3.9 km swim, 180 km bicycle ride, and finishing with a 42.2 km run. Abbott is married with three daughters.


Conrad Gessner

Conrad Gessner (or Konrad Gessner, 26 March 1516 – 13 December 1565) was a Swiss naturalist and bibliographer. His five-volume "Historiae animalium" (1551–1558) is a forerunner of modern zoology. The flowering plant genus "Gesneria" is named after him. 

He studied at Strasbourg, Bourges (1532–1533) and Paris. In 1535, religious unrest drove him back to Zürich, where he made an unwise marriage. His friends came to his aid, enabled him to study at Basel (1536), and in 1537 obtained for him the professorship of Greek at the newly founded academy of Lausanne (then belonging to Berne). Here he had leisure to devote himself to scientific studies, especially botany. 

In 1540–1541 he visited the famous medical university of Montpellier, took his degree of doctor of medicine (1541) at Basel, and then settled down to practise at Zürich, where he obtained the post of lecturer in physics at the Carolinum, the precursor of the University of Zürich. There, apart from a few journeys to foreign countries, and annual summer botanical journeys in his native land, he passed the remainder of his life. He devoted himself to preparing works on many subjects of different sorts. He died of the plague, the year after his ennoblement.

To his contemporaries he was best known as a botanist, though his botanical manuscripts were not published till long after his death (at Nuremberg, 1751–1771, 2 vols. folio), he himself issuing only the "Enchiridion historiae plantarum" (1541) and the "Catalogus plantarum" (1542) in four languages. 

In 1545 he published his remarkable "Bibliotheca universalis" (ed. J. Simler 1574), supposedly a catalogue (in Latin, Greek and Hebrew) of all writers who had ever lived, with the titles of their works, etc. A second part, "Pandectarium sive partitionum universalium Conradi Gesneri Ligurini libri xxi", appeared in 1548; only nineteen books being then concluded. The last, a theological encyclopaedia, was published in 1549, but the last but one, intended to include his medical work, was never finished.

His great zoological work, "Historiae animalium", appeared in 4 vols. (quadrupeds, birds, fish) folio, 1551–1558, at Zürich, a fifth (snakes) being issued in 1587. This work is the starting-point of modern zoology. Not content with such vast works, Gessner put forth in 1555 his book entitled "Mithridates de differentis linguis", an account of about 130 known languages, with the "Lord's Prayer" in twenty-two languages, while in 1556 appeared his edition of the works of Claudius Aelianus.

Gessner's work "On fossil objects" contains, among much else, a recognition of the true organic nature of some fossils.

To non-scientific readers, Gessner is best known for his love of mountains (below the snow-line) and for his many excursions among them, undertaken partly as a botanist, but also for the sake of exercise and enjoyment of the beauties of nature. In 1541 he prefixed to his "Libellus de lacte et operibus lactariis" a letter addressed to his friend, J. Vogel, of Glarus, as to the wonders to be found among the mountains, declaring his love for them, and his firm resolve to climb at least one mountain every year, not only to collect flowers, but in order to exercise his body. In 1555 Gessner issued his narrative ("Descriptio Montis Fracti sive Montis Pilati") of his excursion to the Gnepfstein (1920 m), the lowest point in the Pilatus chain.

Also note:

Bernhard Rensch

Bernhard Rensch (21 January 1900 – 4 April 1990) was a German evolutionary biologist, and ornithologist who did field work in Indonesia and India. He is probably best known as one of the architects of the modern evolutionary synthesis, which he popularised in Germany. His work on the evolution of geographically isolated populations, and on evolution above the species level, contributed to the modern synthesis. He also worked extensively on animal behavior (ethology).

Rensch's education and scientific work was interrupted by service in the German military during both World War I and World War II. His autobiography, published later in life, translates as 'Life of a biologist in a turbulent century'.

This is a select list of books alone and includes English translations.

Kinect

Kinect is a device that was made by Microsoft for the Xbox 360 and Xbox One. Kinect uses cameras and a special microphone to see and hear Xbox 360/One users. The device also uses equations to know what is a person and what is not. It was first shown at E3 in Los Angeles in May of 2009. It has won many awards. Kinect allows a user to move his or her body to control games, movies, and more. People can move their hand to go through menus, or they can use their whole body to control a body in a game. Kinect is special because it is the first way to play games that does not use a controller.

Kinect was released to retail stores in late 2010. The retail price is $149.99 and the Kinect is also optionally bundled with a new Xbox 360 S model that includes a game called Kinect Adventures!. Microsoft has said they will advertise it almost like a new video game console. They want Kinect to increase the time that people make games for Xbox 360 before a new video game console is made. In the future, Microsoft hopes Kinect starts a new idea of people using televisions, computers, and games with their hands and voices. PlayStation Move, which is for the PlayStation 3 console, is Kinect's main competitor.

The Kinect was named the "Fastest selling consumer electronics device" by the Guinness World Records, selling an average of 133,333 kinects per day with a total of 8 million units in its first 60 days.
A new version of the Kinect sensor was released with the Xbox One, which was released on November 22, 2013.

However, on October 2017, Microsoft stopped making Xbox One Kinect devices and the Xbox One Kinect doesn't want to work for Xbox One dashboard anymore, but only works for games.

Following the discontinuation of the Xbox line of Kinect sensors, Microsoft released a non-gaming version as the Azure Kinect, which uses Microsoft Azure cloud computing applications.



Lille (disambiguation)


G. Ledyard Stebbins

George Ledyard Stebbins, Jr (6 January 1906 – 19 January 2000) was an American botanist and geneticist. He was one of the leading evolutionary biologists of the 20th century. Stebbins received his PhD in botany from Harvard University in 1931. He went on to the University of California, Berkeley, where his work led to a synthesis of plant evolution and genetics.

His most important publication was "Variation and evolution in plants", which combined genetics and Darwin's theory of natural selection to describe plant speciation. It helped form the modern evolutionary synthesis, and still provides the framework for research in plant evolutionary biology. According to Ernst Mayr, "Few later works dealing with the evolutionary systematics of plants have not been very deeply affected by Stebbins' work". 

He also researched and wrote widely on the role of hybridization and polyploidy in speciation and plant evolution; his work in this area has had a lasting influence on research in the field.

Stebbins was elected to the National Academy of Science, was awarded the National Medal of Science. He was involved in the development of evolution-based science programs for California high schools, as well as the conservation of rare plants in that state.

In 1935, Stebbins was offered a genetics research position at the University of California, Berkeley working with geneticist E.B. Babcock. Babcock needed assistance with a large Rockefeller-funded project on the genetics and evolution of plants from the genus "Crepis". "Crepis" commonly hybridized, displayed polyploidy, and could make seed without fertilization (a process known as apomixis). The collaboration between Babcock and Stebbins produced numerous papers and two monographs.

Stebbins's review, "The significance of polyploidy in plant evolution", showed how polyploidy was important in developing large, complex, and widespread genera. By looking at the history of polyploidy in plant families, he argued that polyploidy was only common in herbaceous perennials, but infrequent in woody plants and annuals. As such, polyploids played a conservative role in evolution since problems with fertility prevented the replication of new genetic material that might lead to a new line of evolution. This work continued with the 1947 paper "Types of polyploids: their classification and significance", which described Stebbins' ideas about the role of paleopolyploidy in angiosperm evolution. He argued that chromosome number may be a useful tool for the construction of phylogenies. These reviews were highly influential and helped others study the role of polyploidy in evolution.

In 1939, with Babcock's support, Stebbins was made a full professor in the Department of Genetics at UC Berkeley, after the Department of Botany failed to promote him. Stebbins taught a course on evolution. During his preparation he became excited by research combining genetics and evolution. Stebbins directed his research towards evolution. He became involved with the Society for the Study of Evolution in 1946, and was one of the few botanists in the new organization.

He worked on the genetics of grass grown for grazing, looking at polyploidy and the evolution of the Poaceae (grass family). He produced an artificial autotetraploid grass from the diploid species "Ehrharta erecta" by treatment with the chromosome doubling agent colchicine. He was able to establish the plant in the field, and after 39 years of field trials found that the tetraploid was not as successful as its diploid parent in an unchanging environment.


Rusty Wallace

Russell William Wallace, Jr. (born August 14, 1956 in Fenton, Missoui) is a retired American race car driver. Wallace won the 1989 NASCAR Cup Series. In 2013 Wallace was inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame.

He is known for driving the number 2 Miller Lite/Miller Genuine Draft car for Team Penske in NASCAR. He raced from 1980 to 2005. He won 55 races from 1986 to 2004. Wallace won many races on short tracks such as Bristol Motor Speedway and Richmond Raceway.

In 2006, he became a broadcaster for ESPN and ABC. He covered many auto racing events, such as the Indianapolis 500.

Kevin Clash

Kevin Clash (born September 17, 1960) is an American puppeteer and voice actor. Clash currently performs Elmo on Sesame Street. He has also performed Splinter from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Clifford from Muppets Tonight, and Baby Dinosaur from Dinosaurs. Mr. Clash is an important part of Sesame Street Workshop. He often performs as Elmo in hospitals for sick children. Mr. Clash is well known for his ability to improvise.

George Mallory

George Herbert Leigh Mallory (18 June 1886 – 8 or 9 June 1924) was a British mountaineer who took part in the first three expeditions to Mount Everest in the early 1920s. Mallory and his climbing partner, Andrew Irvine, disappeared high on the northeast ridge during the final summit attempt of the 1924 expedition. The last sighting of the pair was about 800 vertical feet from the summit. Mallory's fate was unknown for 75 years until a research expedition discovered his body on 1 May 1999. Whether they made it to the summit or not remains a mystery.

George Mallory was famous for replying to the question "Why do you want to climb Mount Everest?" with the reply: "Because it's there," described as: "The most famous three words in the history of mountaineering." Questions have arisen about whether Mallory had said it or if it was a newspaper reporter making it up.

Mallory was born in Mobberly, Cheshire, the son of Herbert Leigh Mallory (1846 - 1943), a clergyman who changed his name to Leigh-Mallory in 1914. George had two sisters - one older, one younger - and a younger brother called Trafford-Leigh Mallory, the World War II Royal Air Force commander.

In 1896, Mallory went to Glengorse, a boarding school in Eastbourne on the south coast of England, having already transferred from a school in West Kirby. At the age of 13, he won a scholarship to Winchester College. In his second-to-last year at Winchester, he was introduced to rock climbing and mountaineering by a master, R.L.G Irving, who took a small number of pupils climbing in the Alps every year. In October 1905, Mallory entered Magdalene College, Cambridge, to study history. There, he became good friends with several members of the Bloomsbury Group, including James Strachey, Lytton Strachey, Rupert Brooke, John Maynard Keynes, and Duncan Grant, who painted many portraits of Mallory. Mallory was a keen oarsman and rowed in his college "eight", but he did not (as has been written elsewhere) row for Cambridge in the annual Oxford & Cambridge Boat Race.

After getting his degree, Mallory stayed in Cambridge for a year, writing an essay he later published as Boswell the Biographer (1912). He lived briefly in France, where Simon Bussy painted his portrait, now in London's National Portrait Gallery. On his return, Mallory decided to become a teacher. In 1910 he began teaching at Charterhouse School, Godalming, Surrey, where he met the poet Robert Graves, then a pupil; in his autobiography, "Goodbye to All That", Graves remembered Mallory, who acted as best man at Robert Graves's wedding in 1918, fondly both for his encouragement of Graves's interest in literature in poetry and his instruction in climbing. Graves recalled: "He (Mallory) was wasted (as a teacher) at Charterhouse. He tried to treat his class in a friendly way, which puzzled and offended them."

While at Charterhouse, he met his wife, Ruth Turner, who lived in Godalming, and they were married in 1914, just six days before Britain and Germany went to war. George and Ruth had two daughters and a son: Clare, born 1915; Beridge, known as 'Berry' (1917); and John (1920). In December 1915, Mallory joined the Royal Garrison Artillery as 2nd lieutenant and in 1916 participated in the shelling of the Somme, under the command of Major Gwilym Lloyd George, son of then Prime Minister David Lloyd George.

After the war, he returned to Charterhouse, resigning in 1921 to participate in the first Everest expedition.

He died in 1924. A man named Conrad Anker found his body in 1999.

Atomic clock

An atomic clock is a clock that works with atoms, as opposed to most other clocks which are mechanical. The frequency comes from the crossing radiation of electrons. Atomic clocks are currently the most exact clocks of the world. They are also called "primary clocks".

Most clocks know the time because they count how many times something moves back and forth. Atomic clocks count how many times an atom wiggles back and forth.

Worldwide, there are over 260 atomic clocks at over 60 different places. All data is collected at the International Bureau of Weights and Measures in Paris, France. The International Atomic Time is calculated there.

The basics were developed by Isidor Isaac Rabi. He was an American physicist at Columbia University. He got the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1944.

Typography

Typography is the practical art of arranging how the printed word appears on the page. Typography was born when print was born. Early types were based on the letterforms of scribes, and the letters cut into Trajan's Column ("monumental inscriptions"). Later, gradually, type designs were based on the special needs of books, pamphlets, newspapers and advertisements.

Typography includes not only letters, but all the set of symbols in a font, and it includes the overall design of a page or document. It applies to any medium which may be read; therefore it includes text on computer screens. A typographer may design type, select fonts, and design the layout of pages and books. The term does not cover the act of printing itself, though many of the early printers were themselves typographers.

Typography in the 20th century was greatly influenced by three things:

A traditional aim of the typographer would be to produce a page which is, above all, "legible" and "attractive" to read, without its being obtrusive. For display typography, such as advertising, the display must be "noticed" before it is read. This had led to the development of many display typefaces which are highly visible, and which are available in large sizes.


Cape

A cape can mean any outer piece of clothing that has no sleeves. However, it usually it is long and covers only the back half of the wearer, It fastens around the neck. Capes were common in medieval Europe, especially when combined with a hood. Capes have had periodic returns to fashion. Roman Catholic clergy wear a type of cape known as a ferraiolo, which is worn for formal events. Capes are often used as rain wear in various military units and police forces. In modern times, comic-book super-heroes, such as Superman and Batman, are often shown wearing capes.

Cab Calloway

Cabell "Cab" Calloway III (December 25, 1907 – November 18, 1994) was an American jazz musician and actor. He was famous for his "scat" style singing. He was the leader of one of the most famous big bands in the 1930s and 1940s. Calloway's band featured many famous musicians including Dizzy Gillespie.

In 1931 he recorded his most famous song, '"Minnie the Moocher."'

In his later career Calloway became a popular actor in movies and stage shows. In 1980 he acted and sang in the movie ""The Blues Brothers."" In the movie he sang "Minnie the Moocher." He sang the song "The Jumpin' Jive" on the famous children's TV show "Sesame Street".

In May 1994, Calloway suffered a stroke. He died six months later on November 18, 1994.


Korean name

Korean names today have different rules than they had in the past. This article mainly covers South Korea's. The North Korean one could be different

Korean names have two parts. One is the family name and the other is the given name.

"Park Chan-Ho" is a name of a Korean person. Park is the family name, and Chan-Ho is the given name. In the Korean language, the family name comes first, and the given name comes second. (It is like writing Smith John, instead of John Smith.) Most Koreans feel uneasy when they are called in the reverse way or by only family name.

Married men and women usually keep their full personal names, and children take the father's family name. So, a son of Ha Hi-Ra (female) and Choi Su-Jong (male) will be Choi something.

Although Koreans have nicknames, these usually come from their personal characteristics like appearance, a physical defect, or a word with a similar pronunciation to their names. They are different from the nicknames in the Western sense such as Bob, Bill, Liz and Kate. Unfavorable nicknames are more common than favorable ones. It is very rare for an adult to be called by a nickname.

Koreans call someone with Si (氏 means Mr., Mrs. or Miss, the most universal), Yang (孃 means Miss, used when the person is younger than the speaker), Goon (it means Mr., used when the person is younger than the speaker) after the family name, the given name or the full name. 

Koreans call someone by only the given name itself or with the vocative postpositional word (Ya - In case the last syllable is open, or A - In case the last syllable is closed)

Male Koreans often call older males 형 (Hyeong) and older females 누나 (Nu-na). Female Koreans call older males 오빠 (O-ppa) and older females 언니 (Eon-ni) after the given name.

Koreans call someone by only the given name itself or with the vocative postpositional word (Ya - In case the last syllable is open, or A - In case the last syllable is closed).

Koreans call someone using the word that indicates their blood relation instead of their name.

Examples: 아버지 (A-beo-ji, means father), 아빠 (A-ppa, means dad in a casual way), 어머니 (Eo-meo-ni, means mother), 엄마 (eom-ma, means mom), 형 (hyeong, means male's elder brother), 누나 (Nu-na, male's elder sister), 오빠 (O-ppa, means female's elder brother), 언니 (Eon-ni, female's elder sister), 남동생 (Nam-Dong-Saeng, means the younger brother of a person regardless of the person's gender), 여동생 (Yeo-Dong-Saeng, means the younger sister of a person regardless of the person's gender)

Koreans may speak to someone using the job title instead of their name. 

For example, 사장 (Sa-Jang, means the president of a company) and 과장 (Gua-Jang, the head of a department).

Koreans call someone with the job title after his family name, for example 박과장 (Park Gua-Jang). 

Koreans add 님 (Nim, the suffix showing respect) after the job title or by the combination like the family name + the job title + Nim.

For example, 사장님 (Sa-Jang Nim), 과장님 (Gua-Jang Nim) or 박과장님 (Park Gua-Jang Nim)

The family name is typically a single syllable, and the given name two syllables. There is no middle name in the Western sense. Each syllable in Korean name (including family names) usually has its Chinese character. But its pronunciation is considerably different from the one in China. In case of the given name, Koreans place great importance on the meaning of each Chinese character. Often naming centers take charge of naming a new baby.

Villette (novel)

Villette is a novel by English writer Charlotte Brontë. It is based on her experience as an English teacher in Brussels. "Villette" is a moving story of hidden feelings and dignity, and a woman's right to love and be loved. People like the book, not so much for its plot, but for the careful and detailed picture of Lucy (the main character)'s feelings and emotions. Charlotte Brontë used Gothic buildings and other things to show Lucy's feelings inside.

The story starts with Lucy Snowe at age 14 observing a visitor at her godmother, Lousia Bretton's, house, a little girl called "Polly" or "Missy." (Her real name is Paulina Mary Home). Polly loves her papa very, very much, and when he leaves, is extremely unhappy. However, she soon starts to like Mrs. Bretton's young son, Graham, and they become great friends. Later, when Lucy tells her she has to leave and see her father again, Polly is very surprised and sad. Lucy comforts her, and they part.

Later, a family trouble (the book does not say what) forces Lucy into action-she goes onto a ship heading for the fictional kingdom of Labassecour (modelled on Belgium). On there, she makes friends with a very pretty and selfish girl named Ginevra Fanshawe. When she arrives at Villette, the capital of Labassecour, a gentleman helps her find her trunk, and she finally finds work as a teacher in Madame Beck's boarding school. Madame Beck is a cool, clever, careful woman, who often spies and searches the teachers, firing and hiring easily. However, Lucy is quite satisfied, if not happy, there. Ginevra Fanshawe is a student there, and she and Lucy become friends again. They usually fight with each other because of Ginevra's silliness, but they never get separated completely. Later, young English Dr. John (the gentleman who helped her when she first came to Villette) keeps on visiting the school because he loves Ginevra, who says she doesn't like him much. Later, Dr. John is discovered to actually be Graham Bretton, and Lucy and Graham become friends again. Lucy begins to love him secretly, but tries her best to keep her feelings hidden. Eventually, though, she buries her love for him by symbolically burying all the letters he sent to her.

Dr. John meets little Polly again, now a young and beautiful countess, and they quickly become friends again - and something more. They marry and have a happy life.

During the course of the novel, Lucy has three encounters with the figure of a nun. Near the end of the novel, she discovers that the 'nun' was actually Count Alfred de Hamal, dressed in a disguise.

Meanwhile, Lucy begins to be good friends with Professor Emanuel, and they fall in love. However, lots of people, including Madame Beck, try hard to break the two up, and at last force him to travel away. Professor Emanuel and Lucy declare their love for each other before Professor Emanuel leaves, making Lucy the principal (headmistress) of a school in the meantime. However, it is hinted that he probably dies on the trip home.



The Stranger (novel)

The Stranger (sometimes known as The Outsider) is an existentialist novel written by French writer Albert Camus. It was written in 1942.

The title is ""L'Etranger"" in French. It discusses philosophical ideas of absurdity.


Toei Asakusa Line

The Toei Asakusa Line (都営浅草線, とえいあさくさせん) is a metro line of Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation in Tokyo, Japan.

Explanation of marks:


1080p

1080p refers to a level of high definition. It is the highest level of high definition that most high definition televisions can show. The number 1080 means there are 1,080 lines of color going from left to right in each picture on the screen. The p means progressive scan (every picture has all the lines every time). 1080p is almost always widescreen.

Teriyaki

Teriyaki is an Asian cuisine dish usually made from pork, chicken, or beef on a stick or separately on plates. It is mostly found in Thailand, China, and Japan and other Asian countries. The taste is something of sweet, or sour, or spicy usually.


Dance hall

A dance hall is a place where people go to dance and talk to each other. It also usually has drinks and lounging, with music and disco lights or lighting of some sort.

Yaque del Norte River

Yaque del Norte is the longest river in the Dominican Republic, and the second longest river of the Hispaniola island, after the river Artibonite.

It is 296 km long and flows to the northwest into the Montecristi Bay, Atlantic Ocean.

"Yaque" or "Yaqui" is a Taíno word given to two rivers. One of those rivers, the longest, goes to the north of the island, to the Atlantic Ocean, and is called the Yaque del Norte ("Northern Yaque"); and the second goes to the south, to the Caribbean Sea, and is called Yaque del Sur ("Southern Yaque").

During his first visit to America in 1492, Christopher Columbus saw for the first time this river, at its mouth, and he called it "Río de Oro" ("Gold River") because he found many small pieces of gold. But later, during his second visit, he saw the river in other place and called it "Río de las Cañas" ("River of Canes") because many tall grasses (as sugar cane) were growing on the borders of the river. But none of those names were ever used; it has always been called Yaque, or Yaque del Norte.

Columbus built three forts near the river: Esperanza, Magdalena and Santiago; the first two were abandoned and Santiago was moved to another place with the name of Santiago de los Caballeros. Later Santiago de los Caballeros was moved again near the river but not in the original place.

The source of the Yaque del Norte is at an elevation of 2,580 m, on the "Pico del Yaque" mountain, in the central part of the Cordillera Central mountain range.

But in this place, the river is called "Los Guanos" or "Río de la Derecha" ("River to the Right"). The name Yaque del Norte is used only when this small river joins another small river, "Los Tablones" or "Río de la Izquierda" ("River to the Left") in Manabao, to the west of Jarabacoa, at an elevation of 900 m.

From Manabao, the river flows to the east, through the northwestern part of La Vega province. When it gets to Jarabacoa, it turns to the north, to the Santiago. The River Jimenoa, the only important right tributary of Yaque del Norte, joins it at Jarabacoa.

In Santiago de los Caballeros, the river turns to the northwest and flows by the "Yaque del Norte Valley", the western part of the Cibao Valley.

Its mouth is on the Montecristi Bay, just to the south of the city of San Fernando de Monte Cristi, on the Atlantic Ocean.

Its most important left tributaries are the rivers Bao, Ámina, Mao and Guayubín.

The city of Santiago de los Caballeros is the most important Dominican city close to the river.It goes also near the cities of Jarabacoa, Mao, Guayubín, Castañuela and Monte Cristi.

With an area of 7,044 km², its watershed is the largest of the Dominican Republic, and the second largest of the island. Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 97.0 cubic metres per second at Palo Verde, to the southeast of San Fernando de Monte Cristi.

The water of the river is used for irrigation, mainly in the valley that goes from Santiago to Monte Cristi, the Yaque del Norte Valley. It is a very dry valley and without water it would be very difficult to grow any crop. The most important crops here with irrigation are rice, bananas and 
vegetables as tomato.

Around Jarabacoa, the river is used for some water sports with canoes and small boats.

There are several dams along the river to generate electricity, store the water for irrigation, and prevent flooding.

Whip (instrument)

In music, a whip or slapstick is a percussion instrument. It consists of two pieces of wood joined by a hinge. The pieces of wood are slapped together. This makes a noise like a whip. There is a handle on each of the pieces of wood so that the player can hold it and slap them together without trapping his fingers.

The whip is often heard in modern orchestras, bands and percussion groups. Examples of a whip in classical music can be heard at the beginning of Ravel's "Piano Concerto in G Major" (1st movement), and in Britten's "Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra".

There is another type of whip, in which one plank is longer than the other. It can be played with one hand. The player shakes the instrument quickly and the small plank moves away from the large one, then slaps back onto it. It makes a different kind of sound from the whip, and is properly called a slapstick. It has been used by several composers including Mahler, Richard Strauss, Ravel, Mussorgsky and Hindemith. The first whip was designed in the 14th century.


First Epistle to the Thessalonians

The First Epistle to the Thessalonians is the fifty-second book in the Christian Bible, and the thirteenth in the New Testament.

This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to a church in Thessalonica in modern-day Greece. It is likely the first of Paul's letters, probably written by the end of AD 52 (however, some scholars believe the Epistle to Galatians may have been written at an earlier date: AD 48).

Most New Testament scholars believe Paul wrote this letter from Corinth, most of the letter has personal information, with only the last two chapters teaching things about what Christians are to believe. Paul's main goal is to encourage and reassure the Christians there. Paul tells them to go on working quietly while waiting in hope for the return of Christ. Paul also teaches that the dead will be resurrected prior to those still living, and both groups will greet the Lord (Jesus) in the air. These verses are often read at funerals of Christians to comfort their families.

Unlike later Pauline epistles, 1 Thessalonians does not focus on faith or questions of Jewish–Gentile relations, things that are covered in all his other letters. Many scholars see this as an indication that this letter was written before the Epistle to the Galatians, where Paul's teaching on these matters were given.


Second Epistle to the Thessalonians

The Second Epistle to the Thessalonians is the fifty-third book in the Christian Bible, and the fourteenth in the New Testament.

This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to a church in Thessalonica a part of ancient Greece. Thessalonica was the second city in Europe where Paul taught and left a Christian church. After the first letter was sent, probably soon, some of the Thessalonians were not sure that those who had died would share in the Second Coming of Jesus. This letter was written to answer this concern.

Many believe it was written around 51–52 AD, shortly after the First Epistle. Others think a date of around 80–115 AD is more likely. These are scholars who say that the second letter is quite different from the First Epistle to the Thessalonians and may have been written by someone else. Those who believe Paul wrote "Second Thessalonians" also note how Paul signed it himself: "I, Paul, write this greeting with my own hand, which is how I write in every letter.".

The first part of the letter praises this church for keeping their faith even though others were against them.

The letter has a whole chapter mainly about the Second Coming of Christ. Someone had told the Thessalonians that Christ had already returned. Paul says this is not true. (chapter 2, verses 1 to 12), He tells the Thessalonians that a great tribulation (time of trouble) must occur before Christ's return. Since this has not yet happened, Christ cannot have returned yet. He then gives thanks that his readers were chosen by God for salvation and saved by His grace through faith, and so would not be deceived by false teachings. (Chapter 2, verses 13 and14)

The letter then tells the Thessalonian church to stand firm in their faith, and to "keep away from every brother who leads an unruly(evil) life and not according to the tradition which you received from us... do not associate (stay) with him, so that he will be put to shame. Yet do not regard him as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother" (Chapter 3, verses 6,7, 14 and 15).

A passage from this book reading "For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat", (Chapter 3, verse 10), was later adapted by Vladimir Lenin as an rule of the Soviet Union, "He who does not work, neither shall he eat" .

Christian groups who work with poor people sometimes also use the verse to help people to help themselves instead of just taking help from others. They try to help them find a job instead of just giving them food.


First Epistle to Timothy

The First Epistle to the Timothy is the fifty-fourth book in the Christian Bible, and the fifteenth in the New Testament. 

This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to Timothy. It is one of three letters in the New Testament of the Bible that are called the Pastoral Epistles, along with Second Timothy and Titus. These letters are called "pastoral", because the are sent to persons who are pastors of Christian churches.Timothy was a pastor in Ephesus (Chapter 1, verse 3). The letter gives advice on the organization of the Church and how the leaders in it should act. They are also told to be faithful to the truth even though all around them were false ideas.

For many years Paul was a mentor to Timothy. Timothy is first mentioned in chapter 16 of the Book of Acts. His mother Eunice, and his grandmother, Lois, are mentioned in 2 Timothy Chapter 1, verse 5. All that we know of his father is that he was a Greek, not a Jew.

Paul's second visit to Lystra, a city in Asia Minor is when Timothy first met Paul; (). Paul not only brought Timothy into the faith but he was Timothy’s main mentor in Christian leadership (). They preached and started churches together. Timothy would have received his authority to preach in churches directly from Paul who of course was the greater known and accepted of the two and an apostle.

The most important things in the letter are the use of The Law (), warnings against false teachings, instructions for prayer (), roles of women in the church, qualifications for leaders of the church (), and the treatment of widows, elders, masters, youth, and church members in general. The verse about women teaching, Chapter 2,verse 12 is much talked about in churches that do or do not allow women to be pastors. There are many different ideas about what this verse means. 


Second Epistle to Timothy

The Second Epistle to the Timothy is the fifty-fifth book in the Christian Bible, and the sixteenth in the New Testament. 

This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to Timothy. It is thought to be the last letter Paul wrote before his death although some think is was written by one of Paul's followers some time after his death. 

In the letter, Paul tells Timothy not to have a "spirit of fear" and not to "be ashamed to talk openly about our Lord (Jesus)" (Chapter 1, verses 7 and 8). He also tells Timothy to come to visit him before winter, and to bring Mark with him (cf. "Philippians" Chapter 2, verse 22). He thought that "the time of his death was at hand" (Chapter 4 ,verse 6), and he tells his "son Timothy" to work hard and be strong in the face of false teachings, and to be faithful in all the duties of his office of pastor (Chapter 4, verses 1 to 5), knowing that he would someday stand before the Judge of the living and the dead (God).

Paul thinks he will soon be killed and talks about that. In Chapter 4, verses 6 to 8 he writes "For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course(race), I have kept the faith: in the future there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing." 


Frederick Soddy

Frederick Soddy was a Nobel Prize winning English chemist and physicist. 

He graduated from Merton College, Oxford with a degree in chemistry. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1921.

His work on the theory of how atoms worked was very important. He proved, amongst other things, the existence of isotopes and how radioactivity causes changes in atoms. Throughout his career he worked closely with another important atomic physicist, Ernest Rutherford. 

Epistle to Titus

The Epistle to Titus is the fifty-sixth book in the Christian Bible, and the seventeenth in the New Testament. This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to Titus. Titus was a pastor and church leader. The letter tells what church leaders should be like and lists their duties. These leaders are called elders and bishops. This letter is one of three "Pastoral epistles" since it was sent to a pastor and is mainly about pastors.

Titus was mentioned in Galatians (Chapter 2, verses 1 and 3) where Paul wrote of going to Jerusalem with Barnabas, along with Titus. He was then sent to Corinth, Greece, where he helped the Christians there to follow Paul's teachings. Titus was later left on the island of Crete to help organize the Church, and later met back with the Apostle Paul in Nicopolis. He soon went to Dalmatia (now Croatia). Then he served as the first bishop of Crete.

In Chapter 1, verse 9, Paul says that some among the Jewish Christians are false teachers. Paul says the false teachers are rebellious, empty talkers who claim to teach the law "without understanding" They cause the Christians to believe false things. Calvin wrote that vain (empty) talking (Greek: mataiologia) is not the same as useful doctrine. The false teachings don't help people to show piety and fear of God.

In Chapter 2, Paul tells how the people in the church should act. He talks about older men, older women, younger women, young men, and slaves. Each group is given their proper way to live. All are told to live for God while they wait for the return of Jesus who died to buy us back from evil living and make us into good people.

Chapter 3 tells the Christians to obey the government leaders and to live a good life and be gentle. The adds that Jesus has saved us not because of the good things we had done, but through his grace and mercy and now wants to make us into people always who do good things. The letter ends with a final warning against those who stir up fights and some personal greetings.

In the Epistle to Titus it says in chapter 1 verse 12 and 13 "One of the Cretans, a prophet of their own, said, 'Cretans are always liars'". This is called a logical paradox since if a member of a group says that all members of the group are liars we can't know if what he says is true since he must also be a liar. Students of logic think about this and try to find an answer. The one who said this was Epimenides, so it is named for him.


Epistle to Philemon

The Epistle to Philemon is the fifty-seventh book in the Christian Bible, and the eighteenth in the New Testament. Almost everyone agrees that letter was written by the Saint Paul to Philemon. It is the shortest of Paul's letters, consisting of only 335 words in the Greek text.

Paul wrote this letter on behalf of Onesimus, who may have been a runaway slave who had wronged his owner Philemon. We don't know what Onesimus had done, but perhaps he ran away after stealing money. Paul says in verse 18 that if Onesimus owes anything, Philemon should charge it to Paul's account. It is thought that Philemon lived in Colossae; in the letter to the Colossians, Onesimus (the slave who fled from Philemon) and Archippus (whom Paul greets in the letter to Philemon) are said to be members of the church there.

Paul says that Onesimus has been very helpful to him while he was in prison in Rome. He would like for Philemon to free him and send him back to Rome. Paul says that Philemon should receive him not as a slave but as a brother. Paul did not seem to think that Onesimus should be punished, even though Roman law allowed the owner of a runaway slave to punish or even kill them.

Some see this letter as a step towards thinking of slaves as fully human. Before Paul, Ruden argues, a slave was considered subhuman, and entitled to no more consideration than an animal. Others think that Paul and the early Christians should have done more to combat the evil of slavery. In history, some Christians used the book to justify slavery. Pope Benedict XVI refers to this letter in the Encyclic, "Spe salvi", to tell of the power of Christianity to improve society. He says that Christianity was very important to the large decrease of slavery during the Middle Ages and after.


Epistle of James

The Epistle of James is a book inclused in the Christian Bible, the twentieth in the New Testament. 

According to its opening verse, this epistle was written by James (often identified with the “brother of the Lord” who leaded the Jerusalem Church about 20 years and was killed around 62 AD). 

The title “servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ” (which suggest a Church official), the courage to address “the twelve tribes in the Dispersion” (i.e. Jewish Christian communities outside Palestine, or all faithful living in a non-Christian environment), and the tone of authority throughout the letter, all indicate someone well known and respected. 

The writer appears concerned in clarifying Paul’s teaching on faith/action, against Christians who deform it. This indicates that the letter was written after those of Paul had begun to circulate diffusely, in the last decades of the 1st century.

This late dating, together with the quite elegant Greek style and the lack of any real emphasis on the Jewish legalism which was part of James’ approach to religion, have persuaded a growing majority of contemporary scholars that a Christian versed in both Hellenism and Judaism wrote using James’ name. 

May be early tradition stemming from James was updated and published by an unknown Christian teacher of a later generation: possibly this is why the letter was not universally accepted by the Churches until near the end of the 4th century.

The author’s two chief sources are OT Wisdom books and the teaching found in the Gospels, though he hardly ever uses direct quotations. 

Reflecting Jewish Christian assemblies, he rethinks OT sayings in the light of Jesus’ teachings and re-presents them in an original way. 

The epistle consists of a long series of exhortations, mostly brief and loosely connected, some developed at length. 

The one common trait, which gives the letter its distinctive quality, is a concern that the faith be implemented in every aspect of life; otherwise it is useless. 

The author takes for granted Jesus' saving work, but is especially interested in Christians' moral life. So, there is no real contradiction between Paul's and James' teachings, for Paul was speaking of the impossibility of earning salvation by one's own efforts, not of the works of charity and justice to which the Christians are called. 

James used a friendly way of addressing his readers on the day-to-day problems we also meet and in which we must follow faith and love for others: community life, prejudice or discrimination, care for poor, widows and orphans, jealousy and selfish ambition, controlling the tongue, community concern for the sick, matters of justice, speaking evil against each other. He said in effect: “Love first and it will prove your faith”. 

The central theme is the true wisdom that comes from God as opposed to false wisdom. The moral teaching revealed from on high, is not human but divine wisdom. Humans can only analyse it, enter into it more deeply and put it into practice. It is an objective ethics needed to see life in its proper perspective and to be guided in action. Earthly wisdom, on the contrary, is a permanent temptation in people who want to decide for themselves what is right and what is wrong, only to end in justifying wicked behaviour.

The other main theme is God’s preference for the lowly: so in this manifesto for social justice the author praises the poor and threatens the rich. Respect for the dignity of every person is fundamental especially that of the poor, exposed to contempt by the powerful. This evidently takes up the task undertaken by the prophets, but it also refers to Christ, whose glory guarantees the dignity of everyone redeemed by his blood, and excludes every kind of favouritism. 

James insists much on bridling the tongue: in this respect, teachers have a special responsibility within the Church since their instructions (and their writings) can create dissent and division in her. Those with a strong influence on public also have a similar responsibility.

More in detail, we read:

Jas 1:1-18: A series of short exhortations, linked together more by word connections than by concept, introduces topics to be developed in the letter.

Jas 1:19-27: The Word in which we were given birth by God must be heard: any obstacles must be removed so to put it into practice.
Jas 2:1-13: This explanation of the previous exhortations is a warning against partiality and leads to a fuller consideration of the poor in community.

Jas 2:14-26: This part is unique for its unified and relatively long development of a single theme: that faith without works is dead i.e. cannot save anyone for eternal life. This is the heart of the letter, giving the theoretical basis for the practical exhortations. Yet, the appearance of a contradiction of Paul’s teaching on justification by faith has given excessive prominence to this section. It was largely because of it that M. Luther wished to exclude this letter from the Bible.

Jas 3:1-4:12: These are two clearly defined, closely developed sections. Since faults of tongue and false wisdom lead to strife in the community, James considers the root causes and remedies thereof, concluding with a consideration of law and judgment.

Jas 4:13-5:6: These two passages are parallel in that each is introduced identically and employs direct address. The first is against mercantile arrogance, the second is a severe denunciation of unjust rich similar to those of OT prophets. It is a useful warning to the faithful of the terrible fate of those who abuse riches.

Jas 5:7-20: After an exhortation to patiently waiting for the Lord’s coming, the letter ends with three topics: oaths, prayer and converting the sinners. In the midst, James proclaims the anointing of the sick by Church leaders which is one of the seven sacraments.


First Epistle of Peter

The First Epistle of Peter is the sixtieth book in the Christian Bible, and the twenty-first in the New Testament. This book is believed to be a letter from Peter to fellow Christians. The traditional Roman Catholic belief is that was written during his time as Bishop of Rome or Bishop of Antioch but that is not said in the letter, which says that it was written from Babylon. In the Book of Revelation Babylon is used as a code word for Rome. The letter was sent to Christian churches in Asia Minor that were being persecuted for their faith.

Many students of the book believe that Peter was not the author of the letter because it seems been written by someone who had learned rhetoric and philosophy, and had studied the Greek language, none of which would be usual for a Galilean fisherman. Others believe that Peter used an educated secretary to help him write the letter or that he studied relevant subjects in the decades-long period between Jesus' death and Peter's writing of the letter.

1 Peter was sent to the “elect resident aliens” living in Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia. These were Roman provinces in Asia Minor. In Chapter 1, verse 17, they are told to “live in reverent fear during the time of your exile". Peter calls them "strangers", in the first verse of the letter. This could mean Christians wishing for their home in heaven, or people in a different place from where they were born. While local people may have been unkind to the Christians, Peter tells them to stay loyal to both their religion and the Roman Empire (Chapter 2, verse 17).



Second Epistle of Peter

The Second Epistle of Peter is the 61st book in the Christian Bible, and the twenty-second in the New Testament. This book is believed to be a letter from Peter, who was a disciple of Jesus.

Since Peter was killed in about 69 A.D. by Nero, the emperor of Rome, if Peter is the author it was written about 65 to 69 A.D. In the letter the writer says, ("since I know that the putting off of my body will be soon, as our Lord Jesus Christ made clear to me"). Chapter 1, verse 14 Some think that the book was written by a later unnamed follower of Peter, and it could have been any time between 60 and 160 A.D. In both ancient and modern times, people have disagreed about this but the letter was finally accepted as part of the Bible by most Christians.

In both content and style this letter is very different from 1 Peter.

The epistle mentions many verses in the Old Testament. In Chapter 3, verses 15 and 16 one of Paul's letters is mentioned. This is probably 1 Thessalonians chapters 4 and 5. Peter calls Paul's writings scripture and mentions that they are hard to understand so that some people try to change their meaning.

The letter begins with a greeting. Next the writer tells the Christians to live a good life of faith, knowledge, self control, and love. In Chapter 2, there are warnings about false teachers. In Chapter 3 are teachings about the Second Coming of Jesus. The letter ends by saying again that the Christians should live properly. Then there is a final blessing.


First Epistle of John

The First Epistle of John is the sixty-second book in the Christian Bible, and the twenty-third in the New Testament.

This book is believed to a letter from John.

There is some disagreement over whether the John who wrote the letters of John, the John who wrote The Gospel of John, and the John who wrote the Book of Revelation are the same person.

This letter was probably written in Ephesus in AD 95–110. It was written to show that Jesus really came "in the flesh", and not only as a spirit, as some false teachers were saying. John says they are "anti-Christ", meaning against Christ. This false teaching is known as docetism. It says that Jesus only seemed to be a human person with a real body. John's letter says that Christians can tell if teachers are true. True teachers will say that say that Jesus came in the flesh. True teachers are also known by their ethics, and by their love.

John wrote the letter so that the joy of his readers would "be full" (Chapter 1, verse 4).
Also he says that as true Christians they would "not practice sin" (keep sinning) (Chapter 2, verse 1); that "we should love one another" (Chapter 3, verse 11); and that "you who believe in the name of the Son of God... may know that you have eternal life." (Chapter 5, verse 13). So we see that the aim of the letter was to make the Christians more full of joy, and also to help readers to know if they are really saved.


Second Epistle of John

The Second Epistle of John is the sixty-third book in the Christian Bible, and the twenty-fourth in the New Testament. This book is believed to a short letter from John. In number of verses, it is the shortest book in the bible.

There is some disagreement over whether the John who wrote the letters of John, the John who wrote The Gospel of John, and the John who wrote the Book of Revelation are the same person.

The letter is sent to "the elect lady and her children" (some bibles translate this phrase as "elder lady and her children"), and closes with the words, "The children of your chosen sister greet you."

The lady has often been seen as a picture of the church, the church being the body of Christians as a whole and as local congregations. It is also possible the letter was sent to a real lady who John knew, and the children are real children, not members of the church.

What this letter says is similar to the Third Epistle of John. The traditional view is that all the letters are by the hand of John the Apostle, and the language and words used and arguments made all seem to support this idea.

The letter also warns against people who say that Jesus was not a flesh-and-blood figure: "For many deceivers are entered into the world, who say that Jesus Christ has not come in the flesh." This shows that, from the time the epistle was first written, there were those who had docetic ideas about Jesus, believing that the human person of Jesus was really a pure spirit or did not come at all. John says that these people are deceivers and even calls them Antichrist that is against Christ. He says Christians should not receive such people.


Third Epistle of John

The Third Epistle of John is the sixty-fourth book in the Christian Bible, and the twenty-fifth in the New Testament. This book is believed to a short letter from John. In number of verses, it is the shortest book in the bible, except for Second John.

There is some disagreement over whether the John who wrote the letters of John, the John who wrote The Gospel of John, and the John who wrote the Book of Revelation are the same person.

This book is believed to a letter from John to his friend Gaius.

What this letter says is similar to the Second Epistle of John. The traditional view is that all the letters are by the hand of John the Apostle, and the language and words used and arguments made all seem to support this idea.

The letter commends Gaius for keeping strong in his faith in Jesus. It tells Gaius to help people who are working along with him to spread the gospel message. It says that Diotrephes doesn't like John's message and John hopes to come to visit and to tell others that Diotrephes is wrong when he doesn't accept the Christian message and people who are telling that message. John also says that Demetrius is living properly. We don't know much about either of these men.


Epistle of Jude

The Epistle of Jude is the sixty-fifth book in the Christian Bible, and the twenty-sixth in the New Testament. It is one of the shortest books in the Bible, at only 25 verses long.

The writer calls himself Jude. This may not be the same person as Jude the Apostle. This Jude calls himself a brother of James, who was a leader in the church at Jerusalem. Both Jude and James were probably half brothers of Jesus. They did not believe that he was the Christ, until after the Resurrection. (John chapter 7, verse 5) The book may have been written between 60 and 80 A.D. and was sent to many places. This is called a "General" epistle. 

The writer of this book seems to have a good knowledge of the Old Testament books and also of some of the other books that were known as Jewish writings, but which are not in the bible. 

He warns of "people who change the message about the grace of God in order to excuse their immoral ways" (verse 4). He says this is not the faith "once delivered to the saints". He warns that we have stories in the bible of people who turned from trusting God to evil. He lists the fallen angels, those saved from slavery in Eqypt and the people of Sodom and Gomorrah. He also mentions individuals such as Cain who killed his brother, Balaam, and Korah. 

He tells everyone to keep their faith, keep praying, love others, and wait for the second coming of Jesus. The letter closes with a blessing that is sometimes used to end church meetings. "Now to the one who is able to keep you from falling, and to cause you to stand, rejoicing, without blemish before his glorious presence, to the only God our Savior through Jesus Christ our Lord, be glory, majesty, power, and authority, before all time, and now, and for all eternity. Amen." ( Verses 24 and 25)


General Epistles

General Epistles or “Epistles General” (called ‘’Catholic Epistles by Catholics”) are books in the New Testament in the form of letters. The letters attributed to Paul are not included. Paul's letters are named for the church or person addressed. The General Epistles are named for their author instead of the church or person to whom they were written. Most of the General Epistles are written to all Christians. The second Epistle of John was written to an unnamed “elect” lady and her children (vs.1)(the word “elect” is a reference to Tribulation Jews, Matt. 24:21-22) the Third Epistle of John was written to his friend and elder Gaius.
Listed in order of their appearance in the New Testament, the General Epistles are




Augustine Volcano

Augustine Volcano is a high volcano in southwestern Cook Inlet, about southwest of Anchorage, Alaska. More than half the people of Alaska live no more than about from it. It has erupted six times since the 1812 eruption; 1883, 1935, 1964-65, 1976, 1986. and 2006. The 1976 and 1986 eruptions started with a series of vent-clearing explosions. There were clouds of volcanic ash that went straight up into the sky. These were followed by eruptions of rocks and mud slides down the side of the volcano. In 1812, 1935, 1964-65, 1976, and 1986, unlike some prehistoric eruptions, the top of the mountain did not collapse. However, in the 1883 eruption, a part of the top of the volcano broke loose starting an avalanche that flowed down to the sea. The avalanche started a small tsunami that reached the Kenai Peninsula at English Bay, east of the volcano.

Clouds of volcanic ash are a major problem to jet aircraft using Anchorage International and other local airports. Ashfall from future eruptions could disrupt oil and gas operations and shipping activities in Cook Inlet. Eruptions like the historical and prehistoric eruptions are likely in Augustine's future.

Ace Frehley

Paul Daniel "Ace" Frehley (born April 27, 1951) is an American guitarist best known as one of the first members of the rock band Kiss. He was the lead guitar player in the band. When the band started wearing costumes and face paint onstage Frehley chose paint that made him look like he was from outer space. Frehley played with the group from 1973 until 1982. 

When he left Kiss he started making his own music as a solo musician. In 1996 he went back to playing with Kiss. His second time playing with Kiss stopped in 2002 when he left the band at the end of their world tour.

He went back to his solo career. His last album was finished in September, 2009. 


Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat

Sagwa is the name of a siamese cat in the children's book, "Sagwa the Chinese Siamese Cat" by Amy Tan. Sagwa's popularity with children prompted a Canadian educational animated series of the same name on PBS Kids. In the series, which is set circa 1900 during the Qing dynasty, Sagwa has fun in her day-to-day life while teaching the Chinese language and learning valuable life lessons. The show is notable for its setting and messages about family and loyalty.





2009 Pacific hurricane season

The 2009 Pacific hurricane season started on May 15, 2009 and ended November 30, 2009. In this season there were 12 tropical storms, 3 hurricanes, and 5 major hurricanes. This season featured Hurricane Rick, which was the second strongest hurricane recorded in the Eastern Pacific Ocean. Another storm to remember was Hurricane Jimena, which caused over $50 million in damage when it made landfall in Baja California.

This are the names that were set aside for the 2009 Pacific hurricane season. Names that did not get used are marked in .
These are the name that were set aside for the Central Pacific, which is close to Hawaii. Again, names that did not get used are marked in .

The Bourne Identity (2002 movie)

The Bourne Identity is an action-thriller movie released in 2002. It is based on the novel by Robert Ludlum, "The Bourne Identity", which was published in 1980. The movie is directed by Doug Liman. It stars Matt Damon as the main character, Jason Bourne.

In the movie, as Jason Bourne recovers from his gunshot wound, he finds that he has lost his memory. As he recovered his memory, he learns he was involved with an international spy agency. The movie is set in Europe, in places such as Prague, Paris, and Italy. It shows thrilling gunfights, car chases, and action scenes. After release, the box-office profit was successful. Two sequels, "The Bourne Supremacy" and "The Bourne Ultimatum" were released in 2004 and 2007.

An unidentified man is rescued from the sea by fishermen. Because of amnesia, he cannot remember who he is. He cannot remember why he was drowning in the sea, how the gunshot wound on his back was made, how he can speak many languages or how he has martial arts skills. He only knows the number to his Swiss bank safe which was hidden in his skin.

In the safe, he finds a huge amount of cash, and passports for each country. He saw the name "Jason Bourne" on his U.S. passport and he believes that is his name. After he has some trouble at the U.S. embassy in Zurich, he moves to Paris with the help of a woman named Marie Kreutz. Wherever he moves, the police and assassins chase him and Marie. In continuous chasing between Bourne and the killers, he notices that some unknown big power threatens his existence. To find his identity and the reason why they are trying to kill him, Bourne gradually gains access to the unknown agency.


After the movie was released in the U.S., the movie got generally good reviews from several critics", especially for the acting of Matt Damon and the direction of Doug Liman. Peter Howell of the "Toronto Star" said, "An entertaining thriller that eschews most of the usual spy gimmicks in favour of old-fashioned sleuthing." Eric Harrison of the "Houston Chronicle" praised the direction of Liman: "The Bourne Identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is, but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood." Matt Damon also got praise from Stephen Hunter of the "Washington Post": "Great fights. You wouldn't think of Damon as a tough guy, but he's worked really hard on the physical stuff here and it shows."


Antarctic

The Antarctic is the area around the Earth's South Pole. Its opposite is the Arctic region which is around the North Pole. The Antarctic includes the continent of Antarctica and the ices, waters and islands in the Southern Ocean.

Beringia

The Bering land bridge joined present-day Alaska and eastern Siberia at times during the Pleistocene ice ages. 

Its greatest extension was about 1,000 miles (1,600 km) north to south. It was not glaciated because snowfall was extremely light as the winds from the Pacific Ocean lost their moisture over the fully glaciated nearby mountains. 

The grassland steppe, including the land bridge, that stretched for several hundred miles into the continents on either side has been called Beringia. It is believed that a small human population of at most a few thousand survived the ice age in Beringia. It was isolated from populations in Asia for at least 5,000 years. Sometime after 16,500 years ago, it started to populate the Americas when the American glaciers that blocked the way southward melted.

The Bering Strait, the Chukchi Sea to the north and the Bering Sea to the south, are all shallow seas ("maps, right"). During cycles of global cooling, such as the most recent ice age, much water became concentrated in the ice caps of the Arctic and Antarctica. The drop in sea levels exposed shallow sea floors that have subsequently re-flooded. Other land bridges around the world have been created and re-flooded in the same way: about 14,000 years ago, mainland Australia was linked to both New Guinea and Tasmania. The British Isles were an extension of continental Europe via the dry bed of the English Channel; and the dry basin of the South China Sea linked Sumatra, Java and Borneo to the Asian mainland.

The rise and fall of global sea levels exposed and submerged the bridging land mass called "Beringia" several times in the Pleistocene. The Beringian land bridge is believed to have existed in the glaciation that occurred before 35,000 BP. During the more recent period 22,000-7,000 years BP it was also above water. The strait reopened about 15,500 BP and by c. 6000 BP the coastlines had their present form.

The Beringa land bridge is significant for several reasons, not least because it is believed to have enabled human migration to the Americas from Asia about 25,000 years ago. A study by Hey has indicated that of the people migrating across this land bridge during that time period, only 70 left their genetic print in modern descendants. 



1917–18 NHL season

The 1917–18 NHL season was the first season of the National Hockey League (NHL). The season was split into two halves, December 19 to February 4, and February 6 to March 6. The Montreal Canadiens won the first half, and Toronto the second half. The Montreal Wanderers withdrew early in January 1918 after their rink, the Westmount Arena, burned down. Toronto won the NHL playoff and then won the Stanley Cup by defeating the PCHA's Vancouver Millionaires three games to two in a best-of-five series

The November 10, 1917 annual meeting of the NHA was presided over by Frank Calder, who was the NHA secretary. The NHA voted to stop operating.

On November 17, 1917, it was announced that the Quebec Bulldogs team would not play the next season, but that the NHA season would continue.

On November 26, 1917, representatives of the NHA clubs met at the Windsor Hotel in Montreal. The decision to start a new league was made, which was named the National Hockey League.

They also decied on several things for the NHL:

A Toronto team was to be controlld for a wihle by the Arena Gardens while the problem of who owned the Toronto team was fixed. The franchise had players from the Toronto Blueshirts, including those who had been sent to other NHA teams for the second half of the 1916–17 NHA season. While Eddie Livingstone, who owned Toronto teams, agreed to do this, the NHL owners did not want to share any money with him. Livingstone would sue for the Toronto team's revenues in 1918. George Kennedy, owner of the Canadiens, would later say:

"The Toronto players belong as a body to the National Hockey League, for they were only loaned to the Toronto Arena Company, though Livingstone tried to make the Arena Company believe that he controlled those players"

The Toronto team played without a nickname for the season. They would later be called the "Toronto Arenas."

The NHL was not supposed to be a permanent league. It was only supposed to exist until the NHA could fix the problem of teams in the NHA. The NHA was involved in a lawsuit against the 228th Battalion, who had a team in the NHA the year before, and could or would not fold until that was finished.

The O'Brien Cup was given to the new NHL from the NHA, and became the league's championship trophy. It was awarded to the winner of the NHL playoffs and that winner then went on to play for the Stanley Cup in a series against other leagues.

On January 9, 1918, the league decided to allow goaltenders to drop to the ice surface in order to make saves. This was the first implemented and amended rule change in the National Hockey League. It was done in response to Ottawa's Clint Benedict, who would fall to the ice to stop the puck, even though it was against the rules.

The new league had trouble getting players because there were other leagues at the time, including the Pacific Coast Hockey Association. Also making it difficult was many people were involved in World War I, so they could not play hockey.

The Wanderers were in trouble from the start of the season. They won their first home game, but only had 700 people watch. The Wanderers then lost the next three games and owner Lichtenhein threatened to withdraw from the league unless he could get some other players. Although they could have acquired Joe Malone, who led the NHL in scoring, in the draft, they turned to the PCHA and signed goaltender Hap Holmes. They were also allowed to sign players like Frank Foyston, Jack Walker and others if they could get the players to agree. The Wanderers loaned Holmes to the Seattle Metropolitans of the PCHA, but he eventually came back to the NHL when Seattle loaned him to Toronto.
A league meeting was planned to deal with the Wanderers, but on January 2, 1918, the it was fixed when the Montreal Arena burned down, leaving the Canadiens and Wanderers without a place to play. The Canadiens moved into the 3,250 seat Jubilee Rink. The Hamilton arena said the Wanderers could play there, but instead Lichtenhein shut down the team on January 4, after the other clubs refused to give him any more players. The remaining three teams would complete the season.

The last player from the this season who played was Reg Noble, who retired following the 1933 Stanley Cup playoffs.

The first game of the season featured Toronto versus the Wanderers. Montreal's Dave Ritchie scored the first goal in NHL history and Harry Hyland had four goals in the Wanderers 10–9 victory, which would be their only one in the NHL. The opening game was played in front of 700 people.

On January 28, when Canadiens visited Toronto, players Alf Skinner and Joe Hall started swinging their sticks at each other. Both players received match penalties, $15 fines and were arrested by the Toronto Police for disorderly conduct, for which they received suspended sentences.

Wanderers defaulted scheduled games against the Canadiens (Jan. 2, 1918) and Toronto (Jan. 5, 1918), when their arena burned down. These were counted as losses in the standings, though the games were not played.

"The league did not accept the Wanderers' resignation immediately, electing to wait and see whether the team showed up for its scheduled match in Toronto on Saturday January 5. ... The deadline did expire, and the once-powerful team that had been known as the Little Men of Iron was thrown onto the scrap heap of hockey history. The Wanderers' scheduled games of January 2 and 5 were officially recorded in the standings as victories for their respective opponents, the Canadiens and Torontos." — Holzman.

† Montreal Arena burned down and Wanderers withdraw. Two Wanderers games count
as wins for Canadiens and Toronto.

"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
"All dates in 1918"
Montreal had won the first half of the NHL split season and Toronto had won the second half. The two teams then played a two-game total goals series for the NHL championship and the O'Brien Cup. Toronto won the series and advanced to the Stanley Cup finals.

Toronto vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Toronto wins total goals series 10–7 for the O'Brien Cup"

Vancouver Millionaires vs. Toronto

"Toronto wins best-of-five series 3 games to 2 for the Stanley Cup"

"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1917–18 (listed with their first team, not including players who previously played in the NHA):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1917–18 (listed with their last team):


Defenceman

Defence (defense in the U.S.) in ice hockey is a player position whose main job is to stop the other team from scoring. They are often called defencemen, defensemen, D, or "blueliners" (a reference to the blue line in ice hockey which is boundary of the offensive zone; defencemen generally stay along the line to keep the puck in the zone).

In regular play, two defencemen play with three forwards and a goaltender on the ice. Exceptions include overtime and when a team is shorthanded (i.e. has been assessed a penalty), in which two defencemen are typically joined by only two forwards and a goaltender.

2010 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2010 Atlantic hurricane season started on June 1, 2010 and ended on November 30, 2010. This is the time when hurricanes are likely to form. Unlike the last three years, a storm did not form in the month of May or earlier.

On December 9, 2009, the Colorado State University made their first forecast for the 2010 hurricane season. They said there would be 11 to 16 named storms, 6 to 8 hurricanes and 3 to 5 major hurricanes. A major hurricane is a Category 3 storm or higher on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. On April 7, 2010, they made another forecast: 15 named storms, 8 hurricanes and 4 very strong hurricanes. They said the season would be active because of several things, including warm ocean waters, which make hurricanes stronger. North Carolina State University said that 2010 would have 15 to 18 named storms, and 8–11 would become hurricanes. On May 27, 2010, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) put out their forecast for the season. They said it would be "extremely active", with 14 to 23 named storms, 8 to 14 hurricanes, and 3 to 7 very strong hurricanes.

On June 2, 2010, the Colorado State University team made another forecast, saying that there would be 18 named storms, 10 hurricanes, and 5very strong hurricanes. They said the chance of a very strong hurricane hitting the United States is 76 percent, which is higher than the average of 52 percent. On June 17, the Met Office said there would be 20 tropical storms. However, they do not issue forecasts on the number of hurricanes and very strong hurricanes. A normal season has about 10 named storms, so if these predictions are correct, the 2010 season will have a high number of storms.

Tropical Depression One started just offshore of Honduras on June 25. Strengthening fast, it became a tropical storm the next morning, given the name Alex. Tropical Storm Alex continued to strengthen fast, striking central Belize on that same day with winds of 65 mph (105 km). For about twelve hours, Alex had weakened back to a tropical depression after moving further inland over the Yucatán Peninsula. Alex would re-strengthen into a tropical storm on June 27 while entering the Gulf of Mexico. Tropical Storm Alex moved generally westward across the Gulf of Mexico, strengthening further as it did so. By June 29, winds from Alex were strong enough for it to become a hurricane. While reaching its highest winds, 105 mph (169 km/h), Hurricane Alex struck land again in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas late on June 30. Alex died out over Mexico a few days after striking land.

Hurricane Alex caused 51 deaths and about $1.885 billion (2010 USD) in damage. 

Tropical Depression Two had started in the western Gulf of Mexico on July 8. It stayed weak and did not become a tropical storm. Two made landfall in southern Texas with winds of 35 mph (55 km/h). Tropical Depression Two rapidly died over Mexico. 

Tropical Depression Three started to the southeast of the Bahamas on July 22. It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Bonnie, but did not strengthen any further. Tropical Storm Bonnie moved quickly westward, making landfall in Cutler Bay, Florida only the next day. Bonnie quickly went back to tropical depression status while crossing Florida. Instead of re-strengthening, Tropical Depression Bonnie died in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico.

One person drowned in Puerto Rico from what would become Tropical Storm Bonnie. 

On August 2, a Tropical wave that came from Africa had started to organize Tropical Depression Four. On the next morning, Tropical Depression Four had strengthened and became Tropical Storm Colin. Bad conditions for tropical cyclones were in the atmosphere, and Colin quickly died out. By August 5, the storm reformed, and was again Tropical Storm Colin, heading northward. Cooling water temperatures later began to destroy the storm, and Tropical Storm Colin died again just west of Bermuda. 

Tropical Depression Five started in the southeast Gulf of Mexico, near Florida. It headed northwestward, toward Louisiana. There was no further strengthening, so Tropical Depression Five did not become a tropical storm. Nearing the coast of Louisiana, Tropical Depression Five died just before making a landfall in the state on August 11, but the remains did reach land. 

On August 19, Tropical Depression Six formed close to Africa. On August 22, Tropical Depression Six strengthened to become Tropical Storm Danielle. The next day the storm strengthened further and became Hurricane Danielle, a Category 2 hurricane. Suddenly bad conditions in the atmosphere meant that Danielle weakened back to a tropical storm. A few hours later Danielle strengthened to a hurricane for a second time, reaching Category 4 strength. As Danielle went over the colder waters of the north Atlantic it weakened, and was no longer a hurricane east of Newfoundland. Danielle was never a threat to land.

On August 23, a Tropical Wave moved off the East coast of Africa. Two days later Tropical Depression Seven formed East of Hurricane Danielle, and later strengthened and became Tropical Storm Earl on the same day. On August 29th, Earl strengthened into a hurricane. On August 30, Earl impacted the northern Leeward Islands including Antigua and Barbuda and the British Virgin Islands, while at the same time strengthening into a Category 4 hurricane. After moving away from the Leeward Islands, Earl was downgraded to a Category 3 hurricane due to changes in the eyewall of the storm. However, the hurricane quickly intensified back to a Category 4. Earl passed Cape Hatteras in the U.S. state of North Carolina on September 2nd, bringing heavy rainfall and strong winds to the area. Buildings in the area were not damaged much, as houses along the coast were built to stand against hurricanes. Earl travelled north along the U.S. coast, weakening down to a tropical storm when it reached Nova Scotia in Canada.

Damage from Earl was minimal in the U.S., but Earl caused $150 million of damage in the Caribbean.

On August 30, an area of Disturbed weather that moved off from Africa gained enough strength to be named as Tropical Storm Fiona, skipping the status of being a tropical depression. Fiona struggled to strengthen further, as it was close to the much more powerful Hurricane Earl. Fiona died just south of Bermuda, but dropped an inch of rain on the island.
Another tropical wave emerged off Africa near the end of August. Good conditions meant that the tropical wave developed into a tropical depression on September 1st. Later that day it strengthened to become Tropical Storm Gaston. However bad conditions meant that Gaston weakened and died soon after. There was a possibility that the leftovers of Gaston could re-strengthen and affect the Caribbean, however this did not happen.

The leftovers of Tropical Depression Eleven-E from the Pacific Ocean re-strengthened over the Bay of Campeche. By August 5, the storm had enough power to be called a tropical depression. Later in the day it strengthened further to become Tropical Storm Hermine. The storm reached land in north-eastern Mexico on September 7 as a tropical storm. 
Hermine blew over trees and power lines in the Rio Grande valley, and one person drowned due to a strong sea current in Texas. Hermine also created at least two tornadoes.

A tropical wave from Africa strengthened quickly on September 8 to become a tropical depression. Later it strengthened further to become Tropical Storm Igor to the south of the Cape Verde islands. Igor weakened to a tropical depression due to mixing with another area of bad weather, but then strengthened to a tropical storm, and then a hurricane on September 11. Shortly after becoming a hurricane, Igor strengthened faster, reaching strong category 4 hurricane status the following day. By September 17, it looked like Igor would hit Bermuda in some way, which it did the following day. Bermuda only got minor effects from Igor, unlike Hurricane Fabian in 2003 which almost destroyed parts of the island. From there, Igor started moving north and then northeast toward Canada, weakening to a tropical storm early on September 21, and dying later that day.

Another tropical depression started from a tropical wave off of Africa, forming on September 12. After remaining a tropical depression for the rest of the day, the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Julia early on September 13. Early on September 14, Julia strengthened into the season's fifth hurricane. The hurricane strengthened very quickly on September 15, and became a major Category 3 hurricane. Julia holds the record for the strongest storm to form farthest east. However, just a day after Julia strengthened to a Category 4, it weakened to a Category 2 hurricane.

An area of low pressure stopped around the Northern Venezuela coast on September 11. It moved northward and then eastward, bringing bad weather to Hispaniola and Jamaica. On September 14 the storm strengthened and was named Tropical Storm Karl. Karl made landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula on September 15, and once in the Bay of Campeche, it strengthened into a hurricane. On September 17 Karl became a Category 3 hurricane, the first major hurricane to exist in the Bay of Campeche. It reached land near Veracruz, Mexico the next day and died just a few hours later.

A tropical depression formed on September 20 from a tropical wave off the coast of west Africa. Six hours later it strengthened to form Tropical Storm Lisa. The storm moved very slowly around the area of ocean next to the Cape Verde islands. On September 24 Lisa became a Category 1 hurricane, however weakened quickly back to a tropical depression the next day before dying. Lisa was not a threat to land. 

Tropical Depression Fifteen formed on September 23 in the Caribbean Sea and strengthened to Tropical Storm Matthew.On September 24 Matthew reached land at the Honduras and Nicaragua border while a tropical storm, and then Belize as a tropical depression. Matthew produced a lot of rain that flooded portions of southern Mexico.

On September 28, Tropical Depression Sixteen formed from an tropical wave in the northern Caribbean Sea. The next day, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Nicole and reached land on Cuba close after formation. After crossing Cuba, the National Hurricane Center could not find the storm centre and decided that Nicole was no longer a tropical storm.

On October 6, bad weather near the Leeward Islands formed into a subtropical depression, a storm that is not a proper tropical storm. It then strengthened into Subtropical Storm Otto, and a few hours later the National Hurricane Center believed that it was a fully tropical storm, and it became Tropical Storm Otto. On October 8 Otto strengthened and became a Category 1 hurricane out in the Atlantic. Soon after, Otto began to weaken and was no longer a hurricane when it passed west of the Azores. 

On October 11, an area of Disturbed weather in the Caribbean Sea strengthened into Tropical Storm Paula. A day later, Paula became a hurricane and soon into a Category 2 storm. Paula then weakened as it approached Cuba, and hit the island as a tropical storm. Paula then quickly died after hitting Cuba.

On October 20, an area of Disturbed weather strengthened into Tropical Depression Nineteen, and the next day it became Tropical Storm Richard. Richard is one of nine Atlantic storms to have a name beginning with the letter 'R'. On October 24, Richard strengthened into a hurricane and reached land at Belize. Richard dissipated in the Bay of Campeche on October 26.

On October 28, an area of Disturbed weather south of Bermuda became Tropical Storm Shary. On October 30, while west of Bermuda, Shary became a Category 1 hurricane. The same day, Shary became non-tropical and was not known as a hurricane.

On October 29, an area of bad weather north of Guyana became Tropical Storm Tomas. The storm went west and became a hurricane while over the Windward Islands on October 30 before going into the Caribbean Sea. Hurricane Tomas weakened into Tropical Storm Tomas on October 31. On November 3, it weakened into Tropical Depression Tomas. Tomas turned into a tropical storm later on November 3 and a hurricane again on November 5. The hurricane went north between Cuba and Haiti and then hit the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands before going into the Atlantic Ocean. Tomas died in the Atlantic Ocean on November 7.
These are the names that may be used in the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season. This is the same list used in the 2004 season, except for Colin, Fiona, Igor, and Julia. In 2004, the names that started with those same letters were Charley, Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne, respectively. They were removed because of the damage they caused.

On March 16, 2011, World Meteorological Organization retired the names Igor and Tomas from its rotating name lists. The names were replaced with Ian and Tobias



Pool (cue sports)

Pool, also known as pocket billiards, is the general term for a family of cue sports. These games are played on a pool table with six holes cut into them called pockets. One of the main goals of the game is to "sink" all the balls into the pockets. ("Sinking" the ball means that the ball rolls into a pocket.) There are many different types of pool, including eight-ball, nine-ball, and straight pool.

Outside the billiards industry, the various games played on these tables are very often called "pool". This is due to an association with the "poolrooms" where gamblers "pooled" together their money to bet on horse races. Because these places often provided billiard tables, the term "pool" became linked to billiards. Though the original "pool" games were played on pocketless carom billiards tables, the name stuck to pocket billiards as it gained in popularity. The traditional view of billiards as a refined and noble pastime did not blend well with the low-class connotations of gambling. Because of this, the billiards industry's attempts to distance itself from the term "pool" beginning in the late 19th century. They were largely unsuccessful.

There are hundreds of pool games. Some of the more well known include eight-ball, nine-ball, straight pool, and one-pocket. The game of snooker is played on a table with pockets but is considered separate from pool. It is governed internationally by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (professional) and the International Billiards and Snooker Federation (amateur). There are also hybrid games combining traits of both pool and carom billiards, such as English billiards, American four-ball billiards, cowboy pool and bottle pool.

As a competitive sport, pool is governed internationally by the World Pool-Billiard Association (WPA), which has national affiliates such as the US Billiard Congress of America (BCA), and which represents pool in the World Confederation of Billiard Sports, which in turn represents all forms of cue sports in the International Olympic Committee.

Pool uses different equipment from carom billiards. In addition pool tables having pockets, the balls for pool are generally smaller and range from in diameter to in diameter. By comparison, carom billiard balls are generally , or . While UMB, the International Olympic Committee-recognized world carom billiards authority, permits balls as small as , no major manufacturer produces such balls any longer. For that reason the normal standard is . Modern pool tables range in size from by , to by . Modern cue sticks are generally long for pool while cues prior to 1980 were designed for "straight pool" and had an average length of , while carom billiards cues are generally long.


Jason Mraz

Jason Mraz (born June 23, 1977) is an American singer and songwriter. He has put out five albums, "Waiting for My Rocket to Come" (2002), "Mr. A-Z" (2005), " We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things" (2008), "Love Is a Four Letter Word" (2012), and "Yes!"(2014). Jason Mraz became internationally famous after the release of the single "I'm Yours" from the album "We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things".

Jason Mraz was born and grew up in Mechanicsville, Virginia. His grandfather was ethnic Czech and moved to the United States from Austria-Hungary in 1915. Mraz's surname means "frost" in the Czech language. ().


Hanbok

Hanbok (Hangul:한복) refers to traditional Korean clothing. In North Korea, hanbok is referred to as Choson-ot (조선옷). One of the most famous characteristics of hanbok is its vivid colors and straight and curved lines. Although its literal meaning is Korean clothing, it today indicates specifically traditional garments, especially of the Joseon dynasty.

Hanbok has been a great part of Korean culture. Traces of Hanbok have been found even before the Three Kingdom period of Korea. The oldest form of hanbok can be seen in tomb mural paintings from the Goguryeo Kingdom (37 B.C.-668 A.D.). Korea had two kinds of clothing tradition. The rulers and noblemen usually wore clothing of different kinds of foreign styles, but subjects continued to use the distinct style of indigenous clothing that today is known as hanbok.

There are several kinds of hanbok. People wore different sorts according to their social status, sex, jobs. They chose special hanbok for ceremonies. People could figure out the wearer’s job, educational background and even whether he or she was married or not. There are hanbok for men, women, royal court, government officials and children. Because hanbok could reveal the wearer’s social status, there were some government regulations on designs, materials and shapes. For example, only royal families could use golden stripes on their hanbok.

The most ancient style that is similar to today’s hanbok would be that of the Three Kingdom period. During this time, noblewomen started wearing full-length skirts and jackets, and noblemen began to wear roomy trousers bound in at the ankles and belted at the waist. 

After Silla unified the Korean peninsula in the 7th century, a new clothing style was introduced, which combined original Korean dress with foreign elements imported from China. This Chinese style of the Tang Dynasty (618 A.D.-907 A.D.) was regarded as an international clothing style, and was used for the uniforms of government servants and for ceremonial dress. The most conspicuous difference is that while the original Korean cloth had a straight neckline, the imported Chinese style had a rounded one. In the ensuing Goryeo (918-1392) and Joseon (1392-1910) periods, hanbok underwent various changes in terms of fashion. Koreans carefully considered their national identity in the Sirhak or “Practical Learning” movement of the 17th and 18th centuries, and in fashion, as in other fields, whatever was imported or influenced by foreign factors was subsequently Koreanized.

In the Joseon period most Koreans dressed in a similar way. Even so, differences in social status appeared in slight differences of design, material, and decoration, so that Koreans in those days could indirectly recognize the class, rank, educational level, and character of the owner by fashion style. Although the basic shape was somewhat similar, we can also tell the season that appeared in paintings from this period by the material that is used in clothing and the use of seasonal attire.

Hanbok consists of various components. The most famous ones are Jeogori, Chima, and Baji. Jeogori is a shirt or a jacket for both female and male. Chima is a skirt which is usually worn full. Men usually wore Jeogori and baggy pants called Baji. Women wore the ensemble of Jeogori and Chima. Jeogori and Chima are the basic form of hanbok for females, and Baji and Jeogori were for men. But there are other garments of hanbok. There are Jokki, Magoja and Po. Jokki is a vest, Magoja is an outer jacket and Po is an overall outher robe or overcoat.

There are accessories and headdresses that go together with hanbok. Women wore a wig, called Gache. As in the West, the bigger and heavier the wigs were, the more elegant they were. But this heavy wig (Gache) was popular until the 19th century, after which time simple the Gache was preferred to heavier ones due to Confucian values. Women also had a long pin, called Binyeo. It was thrust though the knotted hair of a woman. Various patterns were carved on binyeo, and it was often made of Jade.

The men's jacket is designed to be long because sleeves were added, and not to make the front part open, the two sides of front jacket overlap. The neck is gathered up into a collar with a white collar strip folded around the neckline. Breast-ties hold the two sides of the jacket together so that one side is overlapping the other. Until the mid Joseon period, the breast-ties were short and thin and merely performed the practical purpose to fasten the two sides of the jacket. In the late Joseon era, they became longer and thicker, showing decorative aspect quite far from their practical usage. The male costume could include a gown similar to a topcoat which the wearer puts over the jacket and pants, with different sorts of hats and coronets for a noble effect. People chose different gowns from time to time. Although the generous cut of the men's clothes emphasized the individuality of the wearer, the belt framed the upper body for a tidy shape or fit. The typical male costume in those days is the gentleman's outfit of white or light green gown and black hat. The harmony of black and white indicates a well-rounded and rational intelligence and a dignified character. A different girdle in terms of color on the chest adds variety to the contrast of black and white, which could otherwise look serious and solemn.

The women's hanbok includes a jacket and skirt. The clothes for females and males have an optional gown for added formality. The jackets of men and women are similar in shape. Their length and color is different. The women's costume consists of a jacket and skirt with a sleeveless waistcoat and a gown worn when needed to look formal. Ceremonial attire can be decorated with various ornaments including coronets, bridal headpieces, hairpins, and pendants. The upper garment fits neatly while the lower garment is big and wide, and women usually wear various kinds of underwear under the chima (lower garment, the skirt). The women of that time valued chastity, and when they went out, they covered their faces with a shawl or cloak which would prevent them from being exposed to the outside world. They used a variety of colors and designs when they chose ornaments, often standing for the cherished hopes of the age: long life and happiness, prosperity and posterity.

More than three decades ago, hanbok was popular. Like all clothing, hanbok also changed with fluctuating fashion trends. Hanbok designs have changed a lot as they have passed throughout Korea's turbulent history. The hanbok we freely wear and see these days is reminiscent of the late Joseon Dynasty (early 20th century).

Curved features are important in traditional hanbok design. As they are not designed to be tight fitting, the inherent beauty of hanbok is apparent in its elegance and style generated by the abundance of material. The curves, lines and vivid colors of hanbok have affected the Korean fashion industry. By mixing traditional dress with modern fashion, a series of fusion hanbok designs appeared. Designs, patterns and styles of hanbok have even been used in architecture.

Although these days hanbok has become the ritual dress of choice worn on traditional holidays, Koreans' love for hanbok is still great. Famous Korean classic dramas are making many foreigners take more interest in traditional Korean clothing as well.

Recently, some high schools have adopted Hanbok as their school uniforms. One of the most prestigious high schools in Korea, Korean Minjok Leadership Academy, is famous for its school uniform, which is a modified hanbok. Moreover, Korean people nowadays modify their traditional clothing, hanbok, to make it more wearable. The vivid colors, shapes, curved lines, materials of hanbok are used for designing fashionable clothing in Korea.

http://kin.naver.com/knowhow/detail.nhn?d1id=10&dirId=10&docId=534155&qb=TW9yZSB0aGFuIHRocmVlIGRlY2FkZXMgYWdvLCBoYW5ib2ssIGEgdHJhZGl0aW9uYWwgZm9ybSBvZiBLb3JlYW4gY2xvdGhpbmc=&enc=utf8&section=kin&rank=1&sort=0&spq=0

http://www.mcst.go.kr/main.jsp

Troup County, Georgia

Troup County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of 2020, 69,426 people lived there. The county seat is LaGrange.

The land that makes up Troup County as well as other (Lee, Muscogee, Coweta and Carroll) was taken from the Creek people in 1825. This was done through a treaty called the Treaty of Indian Springs. The counties' area were created by the Georgia General Assembly on June 9, 1826. They were not named until December 14, 1826.

The county is named for George Troup. Troup was the thirty-fourth governor of Georgia, a member of the United States House of Representatives, and a U.S. senator.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 446 square miles (1,155 km²). Of this area, 414 square miles (1,072 km²) is land and 32 square miles (83 km²) of it (7.19%) is water.



As of the 2000 census, there were 58,779 people, 21,920 households, and 15,607 families residing in the county. The population density was 142 people per square mile (55/km²). There were 23,824 housing units at an average density of 58 per square mile (22/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 65.80% White, 31.87% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.58% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.75% from other races, and 0.78% from two or more races. 1.71% of the people were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 21,920 households. Of these, 34.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.10% were married couples living together, 17.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.80% were non-families. 24.90% of all households were made up of individuals and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the county the people were spread out with 27.90% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 28.40% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 91.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.70 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $35,469, and the median income for a family was $41,891. Males had a median income of $31,863 versus $22,393 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,626. About 12.20% of families and 14.80% of the people were below the poverty line, including 20.70% of those under age 18 and 14.00% of those age 65 or over.


Whitespace (computer science)

Whitespace are "blanks", characters that represent space between other characters. The space, tab, carriage return and line feed characters are all whitespace. You can’t see white characters.

Carriage return

A carriage return, sometimes known as a cartridge return and often shortened to CR, <CR> or return, is a control character or mechanism used to reset a device's position to the beginning of a line of text. It is closely associated with the line feed and newline concepts, although it can be considered separately in its own right.

In computing, the carriage return is the name of a computer character that directs a printer or screen display to return to the start of a line when printing or displaying text. The origin of its name is as you'd expect: it told a teletype that its print carriage (the cylinder that held the paper) should return to the beginning of a line. On some systems, such as older Macintoshes, it also creates a new line, like the line feed character.

Newline

Newline, also called line feed, is the name of a computer character that directs a printer or screen display to advance one line of text. The word "feed" refers to its original use: causing paper to be fed through a teletype, one line at a time. On some systems, such as the Unix family, it also returns to the beginning of the line, like the carriage return character.

Ardashir I

Ardashir I, founder of the Sassanid dynasty, was ruler of Istakhr (since 206?), then of an important part of Persia (since 208?), and finally "King of Kings of Persia" (since 226). The dynasty Ardashir founded would rule for four centuries until overthrown by the Rashidun Caliphate in 651.

Ardashir is also known as Ardashīr-i Pāpagān "Ardashir, son of Pāpağ", and other variants of his name include Latinized "Artaxares" and "Artaxerxes".

Ardashir was born in the late 2nd century in Istakhr, what is present-day Fars in Iran. At that time is was a vassal kingdom of Parthia. 
In conclict with Artabanus IV, who ordered his vassal, the ruler of Khuzestan, to confront Ardashir. It was Ardashir who emerged victorious in that battle.
In 226, Artabanus IV himself invaded Fars to defeat the rebelling Ardashir. But the Parthian army was completely defeated, and Artabanus IV was killed. According to one account, Ardashir and Artabanus fought in close combat on horseback. Ardashir pretended to flee, turned around in the saddle and shot Artabanus through the heart.

Ardashir I was crowned in 226 as the "Šāhān šāh Ērān" "king of kings [of] Iran" (his consort Adhur-Anahid took the title "Queen of Queens"), Ardashir finally brought the over 400 year-old Parthian Empire to an end and began four centuries of Sassanid rule.

Ardashir I was an energetic king, responsible for the resurgence not just of Persia but of Iranian-speaking peoples as a unified nation, the strengthening of Zoroastrianism, and the establishment of a dynasty that would endure for four centuries. While his campaigns against Rome met with only limited success, he achieved more against them than the Parthians had done in many decades and prepared the way for the substantial successes his son and successor Shapur I would enjoy against the same enemy.



Artabanus IV

Artabanus IV of Parthia ruled the Parthian Empire (c. 216 – 224). He was the younger son of Vologases V who died in 209. Artabanus rebelled against his brother Vologases VI, and soon gained the upper hand, although Vologases VI maintained himself in a part of Babylonia until about 228. 

The Roman emperor Caracalla, wanted to make use of this civil war for a conquest of the East and attacked the Parthians in 216. He crossed the Tigris and destroyed the towns, but when Artabanus advanced at the head of an army, he retired to Carrhae. There he was murdered by Martialis on April 8, 217. Caracalla's successor, the Praetorian Prefect of the Guard Macrinus, was defeated at Nisibis and in a peace with Artabanus he gave up all the Roman conquests and paid a heavy contribution to the Parthians. 
At about this time, the Persian Great King Ardashir had already begun his conquests in Persia. When Artabanus tried to subdue him his troops were defeated. The war lasted several years; at last Artabanus himself was killed in 226. Thus the 400-year rule of the Arsacid Dynasty came to an end.


Helen Mirren

Dame Helen Lydia Mirren (born Helen Lydia Mironoff; 26 July 1945) is an English actor active in theatre, movie and television. 

Mirren was born in Chiswick, Middlesex, England, to a Russian father and an English mother, she was raised in Essex. 

She began her acting career in 1963 with the National Youth Theatre, later joining the Royal Shakespeare Company. She has since then appeared with several theatre companies in a wide variety of roles. She is widely regarded as one of the greatest British actresses of all time. 

She began appearing in movies while still very young but did not really attract attention until the late 1970s. Her movies include: "Caligula" (1979), "The Long Good Friday" (1980), "Excalibur" (1981), "Cal" (1981), "White Nights" (1985), "Pascali's Island" (1988), "The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover" (1989), "The Madness of King George" (1994), "Gosford Park" (2001), and "The Queen" (2006), for which she won the Academy Award for best actress, and several other awards (Golden Globe, BAFTA, etc.).

Mirren has also appeared in several series on television, notably as Inspector Jane Tennison in the "Prime Suspect" series, she was also acclaimed as Queen Elizabeth I in the series "Elizabeth I" (2006).

Mirren is an atheist. She has no children. She began a relationship with Taylor Hackford in 1986. The couple married in 1997.

Makgeolli

Makgeolli (Makuly, also called nongju or takju) is a Korean traditional rice wine. Made from rice, it is a milky brew with an alcohol content of 6 to 7 percent. Rice, the main ingredient of it, is not sweet in itself, so Nuruk is also used to make it. Once boiled rice and Nuruk are mixed, the enzymes in Nuruk break down carbohydrates in rice into sugar. Then the sugar meets yeasts in Nuruk and there begins fermentation. Because the fermentation keeps on going, Makgeolli should be drunk as soon as possible once it is opened.

It has a long history. Ancient people made liquor with grains such as wheat and rice after they found the way to grow them. That is the beginning of it. There are some records about it. For example, a book written in Three Kingdoms of Korea, it says many people drank ‘grain liquor.’ Moreover, in a document about the brewing of Joesun Dynasty, there says Makgeolli had had long history and been considered as liquor of the folk. Made from newly harvested rice, it was regarded as sacred gift from God. In addition, it played an important role in religious event like praying ceremony for a year of abundance.

Compared to other liquor, it is good for health. Abundant in protein and fiber, it affects to liver much less than any other alcohol. Rather it helps prevent cancer and heart disease. Similar to milk and yogurt, it has good effect on the health with its organic acids.

These days, demand on it is growing from USA and Japan, so exports are rising in Korea. Actually in Korea, most of the men who drank it were farmers or manual workers in 1970s. That’s because it was replaced not only by soju but also by Western drinks such as beer or whisky. Recently, however, even young generations are more likely to drink it than before.

- Yonhap News https://fitcrv.com/benefits-of-brown-rice/ 

Sadri language

Sadri (also Nagpuri) is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in the Indian states of Jharkhand, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Odisha. It is the native language of the Sadaan, an ethino-linguistic group of the of Chota Nagpur region. In addition to native speaker, Sadri is also used as a lingua-fraca by large number of tribal groups such as: Kharia, Munda, Bhumij, Kurukh and many of these tribal group have adopted Sadri as their first language. It spoken by many Tea-tribes of Assam, West Bengal and Bangladesh.

In past, either Devanagari or Kaithi script were use in writing Nagpuri poems. 
Nagpuri is commonly written in the Devanagari script.

Nagpuri language is chiefly spoken in western Chota Nagpur Plateau region of west-central Jharkhand in districts such as Latehar, Lohardaga, Chatra, Palamu, Garhwa, Gumla, Simdega, Ranchi, Khunti, West Singhbhum North-east Chhattisgarh in district Jashpur, Surguja, Balrampur, South-east Uttar Pradesh in Sonbhadra, Northern Odisha in Sundargarh and south-west Bihar in Aurangabad district.

Alternate names of dialects include: Sadani, Sadana, Sadati, Sadari, Sadhan, Sadna, Sadrik, Santri, Siddri, Sradri, Sadhari, Sadan, Nagpuria, Nagpuri, Chota Nagpuri, Dikku Kaji, Gawari, Ganwari, Goari, Gauuari, Jharkhandhi.

Rohingya language

The Rohingya language is a sub branch of the eastern Indo-Aryan languages that is spoken by approximately 1 million in Arakan (which is in Burma), Half a million in Makkah, Jeddah, and Madinah of Saudi Arabia, 300,000 in Karachi and Pakistan, 200,000 in Cox's Bazaar District of Bangladesh (2006), 30,000 in Malaysia, and others in Thailand, UAE and India. It has many alternate names, including: Rohinga, Rohinja, Ruaingga, Arakani, and Arakanese. The Rohingya language is related to the Bengali language. The Rohingya language uses a lot of words from other languages, like Arabic and English. This is due to history (the Rohingya are Muslim and Arabic is an important language in their religion, Islam) and culture (they interacted with the English and many other different groups).

The Rohingya language has many different alphabets. People have a hard time trying to agree on a single alphabet to write in. They can write in: Burmese alphabet, Arabic alphabet, or the Latin alphabet (the ABCs). A Rohingya man named Mohammed Hanif created the Hanafi alphabet, which is suitable to write the language in. However, not many computers can support the Hanafi alphabet. So for the time being, many Rohingya use the ABCs when they use computers and phones.

Rohingya has 25 consonant sounds and 6 vowel sounds.

Rohingya is a subject-object-verb language. For example, "I love you" in English would be "I you love" in Rohingya.

The following text is Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:

Rohingya: Manúic beggún azad hísafe, ar izzot arde hók ókkol ót, fúainna hísafe foida óiye. Fottí insán óttu honó forók sára elan ot aséde tamám hók ókkol arde azadi ókkol loi fáaida goróon ór hók asé. Ar, taráre dil arde demak diyé. Ótolla, taráttu ekzon loi arekzon bái hísafe maamela goróon saá.

English: All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.

Friedrich Kurt Fiedler

"Friedrich" Kurt Fiedler (8 March 1894 – 11 November 1950) was a German graphic designer. During the Weimar Republic he became known for his book and poster designs. Kurt Fiedler was an active member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.

Kurt Fiedler was born in the little village Eichbusch near Dresden as a son of a carpenter. Together with the later known painter Hermann Glöckner he attended around 1910 the evening classes of the Kunstgewerbeschule Dresden. The students were educated in an aesthetic style, which was propagated by Deutscher Werkbund. From 1911 to 1915 Fiedler got a grant to study as master scholar of Richard Guhr and Josef Goller. During World War I Fiedler served as front-line soldier in France. After the war, Ferdinand Avenarius introduced him to the Dürerbund. Fiedler lived in the house of this leading cultural organization in Blasewitz for about 20 years. For the social democratic newspaper "Dresdner Volkszeitung" he designed the masthead.

The Nazis hindered Kurt Fiedler because he was known as an active social democrat. During World War II Kurt Fiedler served as translator for French prisoners of war. He left army in 1942 because of poor health. Until the end of Nazi Germany he earned his money with technical drawings at the Dresden University of Technology. The home of Kurt Fiedler was completely destroyed during Bombing of Dresden in World War II on 13 February 1945. After the war, Kurt Fiedler belonged to the directorate of the association of fine arts in Dresden. He was artistic fellow worker of the Saxon regional board of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany. As nearly all social democrats Fiedler became sidelined in following years.

Fiedler worked for the leading publishing houses of Dresden. "B.G. Teubner", "Theodor Steinkopff-Verlag", "Wilhelm-Limpert-Verlag", "Buchdruckerei der Dr. Güntz'schen Stiftung" and "Rudolph'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung" were known nationwide. Fiedler designed books on astronomy for the Dürerbund and the local planetarium. Especially known were his cover illustrations for adventure stories of the famous circus Sarrasani. Some of the books for "Talisman-Bücherei" of Rudolph were banned by the Nazis. They were bound to the New Thought movement.

On occasion of the World Advertising Congress 1929 in Berlin, Fiedler was awarded for his poster design. Some important posters were "Hiertstein - Katzenstein Gebiet", "Riesen-Auftakt 43. Bundesfest Bund Deutscher Radfahrer" for the German Cycling Federation, and "200 Jahre Dresdner Anzeiger" on occasion of the jubilee of the first newspaper of Dresden. After 1930 Fiedler became known for some of his drawings, especially of children.

Fiedler counts today as one of the leading poster artists of post-war East Germany. Many of his works can be found in Deutsches Historisches Museum, Akademie der Künste and the German Federal Archive. Among his best known pieces of that period is "Junkerland in Bauernhand", a movie poster designed for the DEFA. The "German national picture archive of arts" at the University of Marburg documents 34 of his posters from that time.




Cryosphere

The cryosphere is the part of the Earth’s surface where water is in solid form, including sea ice, lake ice, river ice, snow cover, glaciers, ice caps and ice sheets, and frozen ground (which includes permafrost). It often overlaps with the hydrosphere, the water on, under and over the surface of the Earth. The cryosphere is an important part of the global climate system. It influences surface energy, clouds, precipitation, hydrology, and the way both air and water move about in the atmosphere and oceans. The cryosphere is important to understanding how the climate of Earth works and how it affects global climate. The word "cyrosphere" comes from the Greek word "cryo" meaning "cold" or "to cold".

Jute

Jute is a vegetable fibre. It is very cheap to produce, and its production levels are similar to that of cotton. It is a bast fibre, like hemp, and flax. Coarse fabrics made of jute are called hessian, or burlap in America. Like all natural fibres, Jute is biodegradable."Jute" is the name of the plant or fiber that is used to make burlap, Hessian or gunny cloth. It is very rough and is very difficult to cut or tear.

The jute plant is easily grown in tropical countries like Bangladesh and India. India is the largest producer of jute in the world. Jute is less expensive than cotton, but cotton is better for quality clothes. Jute is used to make various products: packaging materials, jute bags, socks, expensive carpets, espadrilles, sweaters etc.
It is obtained from the bark of the jute plant. Jute plants are easy to grow, have a high yield per acre and, unlike cotton, have little need for pesticides and fertilizers.

In Iran, archaeologists have found jute existing since the Bronze Age.

Bryan Hopkin

Sir Bryan Hopkin (7 December 1914 – 10 October 2009) was a Welsh economist. He spent a lot of his career giving economic advice to the British government. At other times he taught economics at university. He did not agree with the economic policies of Margaret Thatcher.

Hopkin went to Barry Grammar School and then studied at St John's College, Cambridge, where he was a student of John Maynard Keynes. He then studied at Manchester University.

In 1941, during the Second World War, Hopkin was working as a civil servant at the Ministry of Health. Winston Churchill chose him to be part of the government's statistical team. He spent many years advising the government, before becoming Professor of Economics at Cardiff University in 1972.

He became head of the Government Economic Service in 1973, and gave advice to Denis Healey. It was a hard time for Healey because the unions were asking for big pay increases and inflation was rising. Hopkin helped Healey to persuade people to stick to the pay policy he had made. Then Hopkins returned to work at the university, from where he criticized Margaret Thatcher's policies. The economy was not going well, and Mrs Thatcher wanted to make cuts in government spending. Hopkin and many other economists disagreed. They thought the government should spend money instead to help the economy.

Hopkin was made CBE in 1961 and knighted in 1971. In 1938 he married Renée Recour (d. 2002), and they had two sons. Sir Bryan Hopkin died in Bedford.

Denis Healey

Denis Winston Healey, Baron Healey CH, MBE, PC (30 August 1917 – 3 October 2015) was a British Labour politician. He was Secretary of State for Defence from 1964 to 1970 and Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1974 to 1979.

Healey was born in Mottingham, Kent, and moved with his family to Keighley in the West Riding of Yorkshire when he was five years old. He was given the middle name "Winston" after Winston Churchill, who was an important politician at the time Denis was born.
Healey was one of three children. Their father was an engineer who had worked his way up by taking extra lessons at night school. 

Healey went to Bradford Grammar School, and in 1936 he won a type of scholarship known as an "exhibition", which gave him enough money to take a degree at Balliol College, Oxford. At Oxford University he got involved in politics, and he joined the Communist Party of Great Britain in 1937. In 1939, not liking the party's policies, he changed his mind. From that time on, he supported the Labour Party, even though one of his best friends at university, Edward Heath, supported the Conservative Party. 

After getting his degree, Healey joined the Royal Engineers, and served in the British forces in several countries during World War II. He took an important part in the Battle of Anzio, towards the end of the war. After the war, he joined the Labour Party, and made an important speech to the Labour Party conference in 1945, shortly before the United Kingdom general election, 1945. 

In February 1952, Healey became the Member of Parliament for Leeds South East. He supported Hugh Gaitskell, the leader of the Labour Party. When Gaitskell died in 1963, Healey became a supporter of Harold Wilson. When Labour won the 1964 election Healey was given the job of Secretary of State for Defence. Labour lost power in 1970, but Healey was given the job of Shadow Chancellor in April 1972.

When Labour won a general election in March 1974 and came back into power, Healey became Chancellor of the Exchequer in March 1974. When Harold Wilson resigned as Prime Minister in 1976, Healey was one of those who hoped to take over, but he was not chosen. He continued in the job of Chancellor of the Exchequer when James Callaghan took over as Prime Minister.

Healy married Edna Edmunds in 1945. Together, they had three children. They lived in Alfriston, Sussex. Edna died in 2010.

On 14 June 1978, Healey likened being attacked by the mild-mannered Geoffrey Howe in the House of Commons to being "savaged by a dead sheep". Nevertheless, Howe appeared and paid warm tribute when Healey was featured on "This Is Your Life" in 1989. The two remained friends for many years, with Howe dying only a few days after Healey, in 2015.

Healy died at his home in Alfriston, Sussex on 3 October 2015 from a short-illness, aged 98..


Plessy v. Ferguson

Plessy v. Ferguson, , was a United States Supreme Court case that ruled segregation was legal, as long as equal facilities were provided for both races. The decision was handed down by a vote of 7 to 1. The majority opinion was written by Justice Henry Billings Brown, and the minority opinion was written by Justice John Marshall Harlan. 

In 1954, "Brown v. Board of Education" partially overturned the "Plessy v. Ferguson" ruling.

The State of Louisiana passed a law saying that whites and blacks had to ride in different cars on trains, but required that the train cars be "equal." Homer Plessy, who was one-eighth black (meaning that one of his eight great-grandparents was black) was arrested for riding in a whites-only car. He challenged the Louisiana law, saying it was against the United States Constitution. Plessy argued that the state law which required East Louisiana Railroad to segregate trains had denied him his rights under the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution.

The Supreme Court, in a 7-1 decision, ruled that the Louisiana law was valid. They said that requiring whites and blacks to ride in separate trains did not harm blacks in any way. Justice John Marshall Harlan was the only justice who thought the law was against the Constitution. He thought segregation made black Americans feel inferior. He said that the Constitution is "color blind" and that the law should not treat any group better than any other group.

In 1954, the United States Supreme Court made it illegal to segregate schools by race. Chief Justice Earl Warren even ruled that ""separate facilities are [always] unequal."" 

However, Brown did not make it illegal to segregate in any other places, aside from schools. Segregation in other places was still legal. This means that Brown overturned "part" of "Plessy v. Ferguson" by making school segregation illegal, but it did not overturn the entire law.


Robbinsville Township, New Jersey

Robbinsville is a township in Mercer County, New Jersey. As of the year 2020, 15,476 people live in Robbinsville. The town was incorporated, or created as a town, on March 15, 1859.

Robbinsville is 20.5 square miles in size. In 2022, the median household income was about $161,526. The main transportation systems within Robbinsvile are US Route 130, Route 33, Interstate 195 and the New Jersey Turnpike (Interstate 95). Trenton-Robbinsville Airport is also located within Robbinsville. About 30,000 aircraft enter and exit the airport a year.

Mercer County, New Jersey

Mercer County is a county in New Jersey, United States of America. Trenton, the capital of New Jersey is in Mercer County. As of the year 2020, 387,340 people lived in the county. Mercer county was founded in the year 1838.

Cyrillic numerals

Cyrillic numerals was a numbering system using the Cyrillic alphabet.

Gochujang

Gochujang () is a savory, fermented Korean food. It is made from red chili, glutinous rice, fermented soybeans and salt. It is used to add flavour to a variety of Korean foods such as "bibmbab" (), "bulgogi" (), and "tteokbokki" (). 

The main ingredients of "gochujang" are red chili powder, glutinous rice powder mixed with powdered fermented soybeans, and salt. Each serving contains 8.9% of protein, 4.1% lipid, 15.9% of carbohydrate, and 3.5% of fibre. It has more Vitamin B than "doenjang" and "ganjang". It contains 5mg of Vitamin C per gram and 2,445mg of carotene per 100 gram.

One peculiar ingredient is capsaicin which is main cause of hot taste. Some people put salted fish or meat into "gochujang".

"Gochujang" (hot pepper paste) has been made since chili was introduced from Japan in 1592, during the middle period of the "Chosun Dynasty" (). According to "Jung-Bo-Sal-Lim-Kyung-Jae" (), written in 1766, it was made from beans, sweet from glutinous rice, hot from red peppers, and salty. Since that time, making "gochujang" became rapidly popular. In "Nong-Ga-Wol-Lyung-Ga" (), there is content regarding making it.

Different types of "gochujang" are made by adding different ingredients in the production process. Recipes are slightly different depending on the parts of Korea it comes from. The most common types of "gochujang" are listed below.


Made by mixing glutinous rice powder with powdered fermented soybeans red peppers, which are the basic ingredients of Gochujang.


made by adding kaoliang.


made by adding barley. Popularly used as "Ssam-Jang" (쌈장) in summer. 


made by adding wheat. Used for making "Jji-Gae"s (찌개, stews), and "Jang-A-Jji" (장아찌, Pickled Vegetables)


made by adding red-beans. Used in "Cho-Gochujang" (초고추장) thanks to the beautiful red color.


Silliman University

Silliman University, sometimes simply called Silliman or SU, is a private Christian university in Dumaguete City, Philippines. The school first started in 1901 when American Presbyterian missionaries came to the Philippines after the war between America and Spain ended. Because of this, Silliman became the first Protestant and American private school in the country. It is also the oldest university founded by Americans in Asia. At first, they started it as an elementary school for boys. But later on, it became a college, and then into a university. The man who was first sent by the Presbyterians to start the school was David Sutherland Hibbard, a pastor from Lyndon, Kansas. On the other hand, the one who gave the money to start it was Horace Brinsmade Silliman, a businessman from Cohoes, New York. Thankful for what Silliman did, the Presbyterians named the school after him.

Today, Silliman has ten colleges, four schools, and two institutes. Its students come from different parts of the Philippines, as well as from other parts of the world (more than 20 different countries). Silliman offers early childhood, elementary, high school, and college education. In college, Silliman teaches many things such as Accountancy, Business Administration, Engineering, Information Technology, Law, Medicine, Nursing, Biology, Chemistry, Education, Marine Sciences, Physics, Theology, Philosophy, Psychology, and Public Administration among others. Those who want to take up masters and doctorate courses can also find these in Silliman. Aside from teaching, Silliman is also involved in activities called "extension projects" that help people and different communities.

Silliman is in Dumaguete City, beside the sea. It has 116,392 people. Silliman has two campuses. One is along Hibbard Avenue, called the main campus, and the other is beside the Silliman Beach, two kilometers from the main campus, known as the College of Agriculture and Marine Lab campus. The main campus has a land area of 33hectares (330,000 m²) and contains most of Silliman's colleges, schools and institutes. The College of Agriculture and Marine Lab Campus on the other hand has a land area of 29hectares (290,000 m²). It has a farm, a place for students to live in called dormitories, and other buildings of the College of Agriculture. Located beside the College is the Marine Laboratory and the Silliman Beach.

Silliman also has facilities in other places. One of these is in Valencia, Negros Oriental (East Negros) and is presently called the Camp Lookout Facility. It is on top of a hill. Silliman "Writers' Village" is there. The village has a main building called a function hall and five small apartments called cottages which are all designed to host the annual Silliman National Writers Workshop.

The other facility not on campus is the Ticao Island facility. This facility has a land area of 465hectares and is on another island (Ticao Island) in a province called Masbate. This facility is basically a ranch and a farm, with some areas being covered by forests. Silliman has many plans for this facility, and because it wants to let the people around the area know what these plans are, the university has shown it to them to see if they like it or not.

The people who run the University are called the Board of Trustees. Sometimes, they are simply called the Board. They represent different sectors of the university. These sectors are the alumni, the Silliman University Foundation Incorporated (SUFI), and the United Church of Christ in the Philippines (UCCP). Each of these sectors are represented by five members. All in all, the Board has fifteen members. The Board can't work alone, and so they are assisted by many persons. These persons are the University President, the Vice-President for Academic Affairs, Vice-President for Finance, the University Registrar, Treasurer and Auditor as well as the Manager for Human Resource (HRD). Since these persons also have a lot of things to do and think about, they are also assisted by other people called Deans, Directors, Department Chairpersons, Coordinators and Unit Heads of the different colleges, schools, institutes, units, research centers, programs and extension projects of the University.
Silliman is divided or organized into academic units called colleges, schools and institutes. These units teach different things. These units are:



Yut

Yut is a traditional Korean board game played mainly during the period from Korean New Year to the first full moon. "Cheok-sa" and "sa-hee" are the other names of the game. Its origin is not clear, but it seems that the game was started from the age of ancient Korea called Three-Kingdoms. The game is played by throwing four sticks, and moving marks on the board according to shapes of the sticks that fell down. During Korean New Year, many people play the game because it can be enjoyed anywhere by players of any age.

The equipment of the game consists of a board, four yut sticks, and four marks, called "mal", per each team. The board, which is normally rectangular shaped, is made of various materials like stitched cloth, paper, or leather. It includes a circle with a cross in the center, and 28 circles around this cross. The sticks determine how far a "mal" can advance. The stick has two sides; one is round, and the other flat. It is usually made of wood from chestnut trees. Players can move their "mal" from one circle to another, based on the results that their sticks indicate. Any item can be used for a "mal", if it can be distinguished from the "mal" of opposite teams. 
The facing of the sticks after being thrown indicate the movements of each team’s "mal". There are five possibilities: "do, gae, geol, yut", and "mo", meaning five livestock, pigs, dogs, cow, sheep, and horses. "Do", when the flat side of only one stick faces upward, means a one-step advance. When two flat sides are up, it means "gae", which is a two-step advance. "Geol" is three flat sides up, which is a three-step advance, and "yut", where all four sticks are lying flat side up, means a four-step advance. When all four sticks face round side up, it is "mo" which means a five-step advance. Each team normally throw the sticks in turn, but players get one more chance to throw the sticks when they throw a "yut" or "mo".

Players can move only one "mal" per each movement, unless "mals" are grouped in one. When a "mal" reaches the big circles in the center, or reaches the others in each corner, players can move their "mal" in a shortcut. There are four possible routes to move "mal" when considering shortcuts. When a "mal" reaches a circle that is already occupied by a "mal" of an opposing team, the "mal" of the opposing team is captured by the new mal, and must restart from the starting point. If a mal lands on a circle with another mal of same team, the two mals can make a group, and move together. The first team causing all of their mals to reach the starting point again becomes the winner of game.


Sujebi

Sujebi () is a traditional Korean soup. It is a Korean-style pasta soup consisting of hand-torn dough flakes with various vegetables and has been eaten from the early Goryeo period. In ancient times, when the Korea people were poor, they didn't have much foodstuffs and so made "sujebi" with small quantity of dough and leftover vegetables. In addition, rice was rare after the Korean War, so many people ate sujebi instead of rice because wheat flour was cheaper at that time. However, "sujebi" with various kinds of ingredients was considered a special food, so it was eaten on special days like a celebration day or feast. Nowadays, there are many kinds of sujebi and many people enjoy it as a health food. It is similar to another Korean traditional food "Kalguksu", but "Kalsuksu" is made with noodles while "sujebi" is made with wheat flakes. Both of them are considered as proper food for a rainy day due to its hot and rich flavored broth. It is usually eaten with kimchi.

It was during the mid Joseon period that "sujebi" was named. Its name was originally came from Chinese letter 手(su, 수) meaning ‘hand’ and 摺(jeop, 접) meaning ‘folding’. The pronunciation has been changed as time passes for the ease of articulation. It is called differently depending on the regions, but sujebi is the standard word and most commonly used.

Generally, there are two kinds of "sujebi" depending on the type of broth. One is with Korean clear soup, and the other is with seaweed soup. In the former one, dough flakes are roughly torn by hand, whereas in the latter one, dough flakes are round shaped. This round-shaped dough is called "Saeal"(새알 in Korean). When people order or make "sujebi", it usually refers to the former one in Korea. Then, it is again classified as various types depending on other ingredients. Typically, there are "potato sujebi" which includes potatoes and "seafood sujebi" with seafood. However, many restaurants are making new sujebi variations to attract customers these days.

Kim Gu

Kim Gu (Hangul: 김구, July 11, 1876 – June 26, 1949) was a Korean independence activist and politician. He was the President of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea three times. Kim was the 6th, 12th, and 13th (and final) president. He was the leader of the Korean independence movement against Japanese Imperialism and a reunification activist. Kim was also called Baekbeom. It was his pen name. He is a well respected person to many Korean people. Prime Minister 1921 to 1927 and Interior Minister of Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea 1923 to 1924.

Kim was born in Hwanghae, Korea in 1876. At the age of 15, he studied the Chinese language. (한학; 漢學). In 1893, he joined the Donghak movement. He became the regional leader for Haeju. The next year, while he was leading the Donghak Peasant Revolution, he went to Manchuria to escape from Japanese soldiers. In 1896, he returned to Korea and killed Josuke Tsuchida, a Japanese soldier. He killed Tsuchida as revenge for the 1895 assassination of Empress Myeongseong of the Korean Empire. Empress Myeongseong was killed by Miura Goro, a Japanese assassin.

After the March 1st Movement in 1919, Kim Gu exiled himself to Shanghai, China. He joined the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea. From that time, he started fighting against Japanese Imperialism. He wanted independence for Korea. He organized the Korea Patriotic Legion. It was a nationalist group. He told Yoon Bong-Gil to bomb the ceremony for the Emperor's birthday at Hongkeou Park in Shanghai. Also, he had Lee Bong-chang try to kill the Japanese Emperor Hirohito in Tokyo. This ended up with failure. Kim also created the Korean Liberation Army. He was re-elected several times as the leader of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea.

After the independence of Korea on 15 August 1945, he came back to Seoul. He worked as a right-wing politician with Lee Seung Man and Kim Kyu-sik. He tried to prevent the division of the Korean peninsula. In 1948, he tried to stop South Korea’s national election and to start negotiations between South and North Korea. This failed.

In June 26, 1949, Kim was shot dead by a Korean soldier, Ahn Doo-hee. Ahn was later killed by a taxi driver in 1996. Many people think there must have been a conspiracy. Some people said that he was ordered by Rhee Syng-man. It is not known if this is true. In 1962, he was awarded the Republic of Korea Medal of Order of Merit for National Foundation. He wrote "Baekbeomilji" ("Journal of Baekbeom"). It is his autobiography. It is important both historically and education. His funeral was held at July 5,1949




Southern California

Southern California is a region of California. The definitions of it vary, but it usually contains the area around Los Angeles and San Diego, as well as the "Inland Empire" of San Bernardino and Riverside Counties. Over twenty million people live in Southern California. The ten counties of Southern California include Imperial County, Kern County, Los Angeles County, Orange County, Riverside County, San Bernardino County, San Diego County, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara County, and Ventura County.


Chocolate brownie

A chocolate brownie (or simply called a brownie) is an American dessert or snack made with chocolate. It is named after the color brown. It tastes like a cross between a cake and a cookie. Unlike other cakes, it is baked without baking powder so it is much thicker. It is normally served cut into squares or rectangles. It can be eaten as a snack, or with ice cream or whipped cream as a dessert.

There is no clear record of how brownies were first made. They were first made in the late 1880s. The first known recipe for brownies was in the 1897 Sears, Roebuck Catalogue. The most popular story about the origin of the brownie is about a housewife in Bangor, Maine. It says that the house wife forgot to add baking powder to a chocolate cake she was making. The cake did not rise but it was still delicious. Chocolate brownies are also very popular dessert in the United Kingdom.

There are different types of brownie. They are either chewy or cake-like depending on the recipe. Sometimes nuts or chocolate chips are added, or icing or caramel is put on top. A brownie with brown sugar and no chocolate are sometimes called a blondie. Sometimes, brownies are crackled on top, which means the inside is extra soft. 


Military strategy

A military strategy is a set of ideas or policy used by armed forces to get the results they want. Strategy is used to win combat, battles and wars. It involves planning, logistics (the movement and use of forces and equipment), and the deception of the enemy.

Carl von Clausewitz is considered the creator of modern military strategy.


Civilization IV

"For the series as whole, see Civilization (series)"

Civilization IV is a strategy computer game released in 2005. It is build by the company Firaxis Games. It is a turn based game where the player builds an empire from the ancient era, into the modern era. In this time, the player is tasked with researching technology, managing a military, declaring war, engaging in diplomacy, spreading religions, managing governmental systems and building wonders of the world. There is an option as playing as one of 18 historical civilizations, each with at least on historical leader. Different nations and leaders have different advantages, disadvantages, and special military units to construct. It has two expansions. The first was "Warlords" and the second was "Beyond the Sword". It was released in 7 languages: Chinese, French, German, Spanish, English, Japanese and Italian. 


PCB

PCB is an abbreviation for one of the following:

Trenton–Robbinsville Airport

Trenton-Robbinsville Airport is a privately owned airport in Robbinsville, New Jersey. It has a 4,275 foot (1,303 meter) long asphalt runway.



Jhalawan

Jhalawan is a former country. It was established in the 17th century. Its boundary was fixed with Sindh in 1853.

Sarawan

The Sarawan Country was a division of the former princely state of State of Kalat in Baluchistan, Pakistan. Its area was 4,339 square miles.

Swat (princely state)

Swat () was a princely state and is now part of Pakistan. Swat was part of the Mughal Empire ruled by local Gujar rulers known as Akhoond or Akhwand. From 1926 until 1947, Swat was a princely state in British Raj, and in 1947 it acceded to Pakistan. It lay to the north of the modern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan until it was dissolved in 1969. It incorporated the current states of Swat, Buner and Shangla.

Marri-Bugti Country

Marri-Bugti Country (Marri and Bugti Country) was a tribal region during the British occupation of Baluchistan.

Shirley Jackson

Shirley Jackson (December 14, 1916, San Francisco, California – August 8, 1965, Bennington, Vermont) was an important American author. A popular writer in her time, her work has received even more attention from literary critics in recent years. She has influenced such writers as Neil Gaiman, Stephen King, Nigel Kneale and Richard Matheson.

Born Shirley Hardie Jackson in San Francisco in 1916 to Leslie and Geraldine Jackson, Shirley and her family lived in Burlingame, California, a wealthy middle-class suburb. Shirley spent most of her early life in California. The Jackson family then moved to Rochester, New York, where Shirley attended Brighton High School and graduated in 1934. For college, she first attended the University of Rochester before graduating from Syracuse University in 1940. 

She got married in 1940 to Stanley Edgar Hyman a literary critic. They had four children:Laurence (Laurie), Joanne (Jannie), Sarah (Sally), and Barry. The Hyman family lived in Vermont, in a quiet rural community and far away from city life. In 1965, Shirley Jackson died of heart failure in her sleep at the age of 48. Shirley suffered all through her life from various neuroses and psychosomatic illness. These illnesses, along with the various prescription drugs used to treat them, overweight and heavy smoking, led to her poor health and early death.

She is best known for "The Lottery" (1948), which suggests a deeply unsettling dark underside in human nature in suburban small-town America. This short story was first published in The New Yorker on June 28, 1948. Jackson may have taken pleasure in the destructive impact of her work, as evidenced by Hyman's statement that she "was always proud that the Union of South Africa banned "The Lottery", and she felt that they at least understood the story. Larry Yust made this story into a short film which was banned in Boston.

About Jackson's first novel, "The Road Through the Wall" (1948), her husband described Shirley Jackson as someone who practiced witchcraft. Shirley later wrote about witchcraft accusations in her book for young readers, "The Witchcraft of Salem Village" (1956).

Her other novels include "Hangsaman" (1951), "The Bird's Nest" (1954), "The Sundial" (1958) and The "Haunting of Hill House" (1959), regarded by many as one of the important horror novels of the 20th Century. 

Shirley continued to publish novels and short stories while caring for their children. Eventually her four children would appear in their mother's short stories; In a series of the short stories, later collected in the books "Life Among the Savages" and "Raising Demons", she presented a fictionalized version of her marriage and the experience of raising four children. 

In addition to her adult literary novels, Shirley also wrote a children's novel, "Nine Magic Wishes" as well as a children's play based on "Hansel and Gretel" and entitled The "Bad Children".

The first annual Shirley Jackson Awards for "outstanding achievement in the literature of psychological suspense, horror and the dark fantastic" were presented July 20, 2008. The jurors were John Langan, Sarah Langan, Paul G. Tremblay and F. Brett Cox. 

The winners were:



Book Off

Book Off () is Japan’s biggest chain of second hand bookstores. It is operated by Book Off Corporation Limited. The first Book Off store opened in May, 1990. The first franchisee Book Off store opened in Nov, 1991. The success of the business expanded to 917 stores in Japan and 14 stores abroad (8 in US, 3 in France, 2 in Korea, and 1 in Canada). Book Off sells books including comic books, magazines, and novels, and also sells CDs, DVDs, and Game software. Books are grouped by genres, writers, and prices. The overseas Book Off stores sell second hand books from Japan and also from its own country. Book Off not only sells the second hand books, but also buys the books from customers. For that reason Book Off’s theme copy is “お売りください” which means “Please, sell us your book”. The company uses this copy rather than ”We buy your book” to show respect to customers.

Some Book Off chains, especially ones abroad, have various signboard designs, but still they share the symbol colors of Book Off which are yellow, blue, and red. Book Off has its mascot "Yomuyomukun (Mr. Yomu-yomu)" holding a book in his hands. "Yomu (読む)" in Japanese means "read". Another uniqueness of Book Off is the employees’ loud greeting. Employees shout “いらっしゃいませ! (irashaimase! : welcome!)” when customers enter, and "ありがとうございました! (arigatou gozaimasita! : thank you!)” when customers leave the shop. Book Off chain stores abroad also greet customers with Japanese. 

From 1999 Book Off Corporation Limited started to expand the business into other second hand stores. B-Kids, B-Sports, B-Style, B-Life and B-Select cover second hand baby goods, children wear, sports goods, ladies’ and men’s wear, interior goods, and accessories respectively. After the first B-Kid store opened in Apr, 1999, now there are 26 B-Kids, 32 B-Style, 24 B-Sports stores in Japan. Book Off charges about 81% of the business and the other type of stores charge 19% of the entire sales.


Françoise Hardy

Françoise Hardy is a French singer, actress and model. As a celebrity in various fields, she has been an icon in France. 

Hardy was born on 17 January 1944 in Paris and grew up in rich family. From her childhood, she was so interested in literature that she was attracted to Simone de Beauvoir and Albert Camus. She received a guitar from her mother as a present for her passing baccalaureat at 16. It caused her to get interested in Chanson. Hardy mastered guitar by herself and showed an interest in composing chanson. Trying to be a singer was hard, she failed many times. After entering the University of Sorbonne in Paris, she kept studying a chanson in Petit conservatoire de la chanson, a chanson school founded by Mireille who was a famous singer at that time.Soon, she contracted with the record label Vogue in November 1961.

In June 1962, she made a great debut with her famous chanson "Tous les garçons et les filles" which became a hit all over Europe at her age of 18. The song made the wave of Yé-yé music in France with two million sales. It was when another famous song "Comment te dire adieu" appeared that Hardy estalished her as a singer in 1968. The song received a favorable review from many critics who were indifferent to young singers without precedent. Since then, she has been a cultural iconic figure in France. All of almost her songs were self written, and they have been translated into English, Spanish, Italian and German. As an actress, she appeared in many films - "Château en Suède" (1963), "Une balle au cœur" (1965), "What’s new pussycat?" (1966) "Masculin- Féminin" (1966) and "Grand prix" (1967)

She has a son, Thomas Dutronc in 1973 and married his father Jacques Dutronc. Now, they remain a couple.

Baekje

Baekje was ancient kingdom on the Korean Peninsula from 18 BCE to 660 CE. Baekje was also called Nam Buyeo. According to the Samguk Sagi, a historical record published in ancient Korea, Baekje was founded by Onjo at Wiryeseong (the present-day Han River area in Seoul). Baekje was one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea together with Goguryeo and Silla. Beakje, Goguryeo and Silla tried to expand each of their lands by allying and making war against one another. 

In the 4th century, Beakje conquered almost every southern part of the Korean Peninsula and flourished by accepting Buddhism and reforming its system. Also, due to its advantageous natural environment, Baekje easily traded with China and Japan. Especially Baekje established goodwill relationships with Japanese rulers of the Kofun period and transmitted its advanced culture such as pottery and Buddhism to Japan.

However, in the 5th century, Baekje was defeated by Goguryeo. It suffered the loss of its capital. Baekje moved its capital to Ungjin. In 6th century, King Seong decided to move capital to Sabi to restore Baekje's glorious past. Baekje was ruined by Silla at 660. Although Baekje was destroyed at that time, many ill-fated attempts were existed to restore Baekje from its descendants.

App Store (iOS)

The App Store is an online market used on Apple's iOS, managed by Apple Inc. The App Store lets users view and download applications that were made with the iOS Software Development Kit. Apps can be downloaded onto an iOS device directly, or onto a computer using iTunes (also managed by Apple).

Apps in the App Store are made mainly for iOS devices, such as iPhones and iPads. Some apps can be downloaded for free while others have a cost. Some have "in-app purchases", which are purchases made within the app. These are sometimes done to remove ads or to add features to an app. 30% of all profit made through apps goes to Apple, while 70% goes to whoever made the app.

Apple iOS 11 App Store is the current eleventh major release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple Inc. It was announced and the first beta version released to developers at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5, 2017.

In July 2008, the App Store opened with a change to iTunes. Apple could now control app quality and add extra pricing to the already set cost of an app. A day later, the iPhone 3G was launched and it came with iOS 2.0.1. This version had App Store support, and was soon made available for older iPhones and the iPod Touch. , there are over one million apps on the App Store.

As of January, 2011, the App Store had nearly 10 billion app downloads, which the company said using the "10 Billion App Countdown". At 10:26 am (GMT) on January 22, 2011, the 10 billionth app was downloaded from Apple App Store. As of July that year, 200 million users downloaded over 15 billion apps from the store.
ABC
Average profit per app is about US$8,700, but Apple does not let the public view this data. In May 2011, Apple approved its 500,000th app.

The success of the App Store led other companies to release their own "app stores", and now any similar service for mobiles are sometimes called app stores.

The word "app" is now a popular word; in early 2011, "app" was given 2010s "Word of the Year" by the American Dialect Society. Apple does not have a trademark on the word "app", which has been used as short for "application" since at least the mid-1990s and in products since 2002, for example Google Apps (first introduced in 2006).

In February 2011, Apple announced a new subscription-based service, which will allow developers to set the length and price of subscriptions. Previously, new magazine or news releases were sold as its own release. The new feature allowed publishers to sell content directly through their apps, allowing users to receive new content over specified periods of time.

During Apple's 2012 Worldwide Developer's Conference, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the App Store has 400 million accounts with registered credit cards, 650,000 available apps to download and "an astounding 30 billion apps" downloaded from the app store.

When the iPhone 5 was launched, Apple changed the look of the App Store, as well as the iTunes Store and iBookstore, as part of iOS 6.

On January 7, 2013, Apple announced that there have been over 40 billion apps downloaded from their iOS App Store, with about half of those coming in 2012.

On February 1, 2013, Apple told developers that they could begin using appstore.com for links to their apps.

In September 2013, Apple announced at its Worldwide Developers Conference the addition of a Kids category to the App Store with the launch of iOS 7. The category is split by age range and apps made for children under 13 must follow the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).

As of the end of 2013, App Store users spent over US$10 billion in 2013, and users downloaded almost three billion apps in December 2013. This was the most successful month in App Store history, and developers have earned over $15 billion since the making of the App Store.

On July 10, 2008, Apple CEO Steve Jobs told "USA Today" that the App Store contained 500 non-Apple applications for the iPhone and the iPod Touch, and of these 25 percent were free. These applications range from business to game applications, entertainment to educational applications, and many more. On July 11, 2008, the store opened, allowing users to buy applications and put them on an iPhone or iPod Touch with iOS 2.0. Ten million applications were downloaded the first weekend.

On January 16, 2009, Apple said on its website that 500 million applications had been downloaded. The billionth application was downloaded on April 23, 2009. In March 2012, the number of apps downloaded reached 25 billion.

Unlike the apps that come standard on the iPhone, apps downloaded from the App Store can be removed by the user at any time.

The iPad was launched in April 2010 with over 3000 applications made for it. About eight months after the release of the iPad, over 50,000 apps were available for it.

As of July 2011, 16 months after the iPad launched, there were over 100,000 apps available at the App Store made for the device.

By the end of November 2011, Apple advertised in a holiday newsletter of the online Apple Store there are more than 140,000 iPad apps available.

As of January 7, 2013, there were more than 300,000 native iPad apps available for users.

As of October 22, 2013, there were more than 475,000 native iPad apps available for users.

As of July 2021, these are the most installed App Store apps of all time
Apple rates apps worldwide based on their content, and gives the app an age group for which is appropriate. The following are the ratings that Apple has detailed:

Apple must review all applications before they can enter the App Store for users to download.

, Apple used a method of reviewing apps which had flaws, and this meant that some bad apps could get past the review process.

According to Apple statistics 62% of common app rejections occur due to the regular non-compliance with the main Apple guidelines.

Many times, Apple has removed apps because they did not follow the Apple policies for apps.

In November 2012, Boyfriend Maker, a dating sim game, was removed due to "reports of references to violent sexual acts and paedophilia" which were not appropriate to Boyfriend Maker's age rating of 4+. A modified version named Boyfriend Maker Plus was approved by Apple in April 2013.

On March 11, 2013, HiddenApps was approved and appeared in the App Store. This app allowed access to special developer-only menus, could allow built-in apps to be hidden, and an option to turn off iAds, Apple's ad system.

While Apple wants the App Store to be available worldwide, their market is restricted to country borders. Different countries have slightly different app stores. Some apps may only be available on the app stores of a few countries, while others can be available in many countries. Trying to use an app store of one country while in another may be a problem: Apple warns that "one of the risks of creating a German account while you are in Greece is, our system may able to detect it and it may put restrictions on your account (German) that will prevent you from using the iTunes Store".

Other mobile devices have other app stores available for them. Some of these are made by the company that made the device, but not all are that way. Amazon.com has the Amazon Appstore for all Android users. The Google Play store (was known as Android Market) is the official store for Google's Android devices. In 2010, Microsoft created the Windows Phone Store, an online market for their Windows Phone devices. In October 2012, the Windows Store was made for Windows 8 and Windows RT computers.

Nokia also has the Ovi Store, for Nokia devices. BlackBerry has an app store named BlackBerry World. BlackBerry 10 users do not have to use BlackBerry World, they are allowed to use other app stores as well.

Game consoles, such as the Nintendo DSi, also have their own online stores. The DSi has the "DSi Shop", while the Sony PSP (PlayStation Portable) and the PlayStation Vita have the PlayStation Store.


Monsters vs. Aliens

Monsters vs. Aliens is a 2009 American computer-animated monster comedy movie produced by DreamWorks Animation. It was the first computer animated movie to be directly produced in a stereoscopic 3-D format instead of being changed into 3-D after completion, adding $15 million to the movie's budget. The movie was set to release in May 2009. It was pushed up to March 27, 2009. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray September 29, 2009 in North America. It stars Reese Witherspoon, Seth Rogen, Hugh Laurie, Will Arnett, Rainn Wilson, Kiefer Sutherland, Stephen Colbert and Paul Rudd. There is also an animated television series of of the same name by Nickelodeon and Dreamworks Animation Television.



Ed Leonard, CTO of DreamWorks Animation, says it took about 45.6 million hours to make "Monsters vs. Aliens", more than eight times as many as the first "Shrek". Many hundred Hewlett-Packard xw8600 workstations were used, along with a large and powerful "render farm" of HP ProLiant blade servers. It had over 9,000 server cores, to read through the animation. The movie had to have 120 terabytes (120,000 gigabytes) of data to complete. It also had one explosion scene alone having 6 terabytes (6000 gigabytes).

Since "Monsters vs. Aliens", all big movies released by DreamWorks Animation will be made in a 3-D format, using Intel's InTru3D technology.

Saturday Night's Main Event

Saturday Night's Main Event was a professional wrestling television show that was aired as a special 36 times by World Wrestling Entertainment. Saturday Night's Main Event was a tremendous ratings success for NBC during its heyday, most notably on the March 14, 1987 show, which drew an 11.6 rating, which to this day remains the highest rating any show has ever done in that time slot. That show was headlined by a battle royal featuring Hulk Hogan and André the Giant, who were slated to face each other at WrestleMania III. As Hogan rarely wrestled on the WWF syndicated and cable television shows, Saturday Night's Main Event was the program on free television where most viewers were able to see him in action.

The success of Saturday Night's Main Event led to several Friday night prime time specials, known as The Main Event. The first of these, on February 5, 1988 featured a WrestleMania III rematch between Hogan and André and drew 33 million viewers and a 15.2 rating, which is still the highest-rated television show in professional wrestling history. This event was shown live. The late night shows however were always taped 1–2 weeks prior to airing.

Generator (Bad Religion album)

Generator is the sixth album released by the American punk rock band Bad Religion. Although the album was recorded and finished in May 1991, it was not officially released until March 1992. 100,000 copies of the album were shipped.

"Generator" was also the band's first release with drummer Bobby Schayer, who replaced Pete Finestone during the "Against the Grain" tour. Today, "Generator" has been remembered as one of the best albums to emerge from the early 90s punk scene, and one of the most enduring works of Bad Religion's career.

A video was made for "Atomic Garden". It is available for watching here . This was the first video Bad Religion ever released.


Niklas Hjalmarsson

Niklas Hjalmarsson (born June 6, 1987 in Eksjö, Sweden) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player that currently plays for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for their farm team the Rockford IceHogs of the AHL and the Chicago Blackhawks (NHL). Although he spent the majority of his time on the IceHogs, He earned a regular spot on the Chicago Blackhawks roster after James Wisniewski was traded to the Anaheim Ducks. Hjalmarsson won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks in 2010.

On July 9, 2010, He signed an offer sheet with the San Jose Sharks which was for 4 years and $14 million. The Blackhawks matched it and Hjalmarsson became the first defenceman in 13 years to receive an offer sheet as a restricted free agent. On June 24, 2013, He won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.


Dustin Byfuglien

Dustin Byfuglien (pronounced Buff-lin; born March 27, 1985 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American former professional ice hockey player. He played a total of 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Atlanta Thrashers, and Winnipeg Jets.

He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010. He became the first African American to win the cup.

Byfuglien played junior hockey with the Brandon Wheat Kings and Prince George Cougars of the Western Hockey League (WHL).


Ash (band)

Ash is an alternative rock band from Downpatrick, Northern Ireland. They officially formed in 1992, when the frontman Tim Wheeler and the bassist Mark Hamilton were only 15. Then, Rick "Rock" McMurray joined the band as drummer and Charlotte Haterley (who left the band in 2006) as second guitar and vocalist.


Tomáš Kopecký

Tomáš Kopecký (pronounced "koh-PEHT-skee"; born February 5, 1982 in Ilava, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional Slovakian ice hockey player that played as a left winger for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He previously played four seasons with the Detroit Red Wings and played 2 seasons with the Chicago Blackhawks. He is married and has two sons named Jakub and Tobias.

In 2010, He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks making him a two-time Stanley Cup champion.


Trans woman

A trans woman (sometimes spelled as trans-woman or transwoman) is a male-to-female (MTF) transsexual or transgender person. Many people in this group like the name "trans woman" over the many medical terms that are out there. Other non-medical names are t-girl, tg-girl, and ts-girl. Transgender woman, though, is the more common name.

Some people who are assigned male at birth later identify as women. They feel that the gender they were assigned and the gender they actually are do not match. Some trans women want to simply be called "women" rather than being called a "trans" woman, but this does not apply to all trans women.

"Transitioning" refers to the act of changing a person's social and personal gender identity to the gender identity that they feel is their real self, and may or may not include having medical treatments done, or surgery, and the changing of their legal papers to show their new identity (such as their birth certificate) and changing the way that they dress.

Like trans men, trans women have many choices that they can make, depending on what culture they are in and what gender roles they, and the people who support them feel like they should have. No case is the same, and the options that are there for trans women depend very much on if they have easy access to medical care and money. Some trans women choose to have hair removed on their face, armpits and other parts of their body as well as train their voice so that it sounds more like a woman. There are surgeries that can make trans women's faces look more female, but may not always be necessary, as some trans women have faces that do not look very male. They are mainly to provide emotional benefits to patients so that they can see themselves changing or as a step in sexual reassignment surgery.

Some trans women who feel that their gender change is done, meaning that they have all the same physical characteristics of women who were assigned female at birth, want to just be called "women". They think that the names "transwoman" or "male-to-female" should only be used for people who have not finished their change. Some others do not feel that their gender ever changed and that they were always girls who were forced to live as boys. Because of this many see it as important to include a space in the name, as in "trans woman", using "trans" as a word to talk about a particular type of woman, not a "third gender" as "transwoman" might imply.

The story of the young boy who is very much like a young girl and grows up to live life as a woman has a very long history. It is commonly, but wrongly, thought that all transgender and transsexual women are straight (attracted to males). Many studies on this issue have been thought to be hurt by bias, since many transsexuals feel they must give the "right" answers to such questions to help their chances of being able to get hormone therapy. 35% of trans women are lesbians.

Studies have shown that trans women are likely to have less sex drive (34%) than those who are born female (23%), but the difference was small.

Some governing bodies for sports allow trans women to compete in female-only sports and some do not. Opponents believe that growing up with a male body (usually larger and stronger) gives trans women unfair advantages. Trans women have set women's records for sports that some biological women believe should not count. High school athletes who have routinely lost to trans athletes have sued to have trans competitors excluded as unfair competition for scholarships designated for women. The American Civil Liberties Union sides with the trans athletes.

Trans women convicted of crimes often believe they are not safe in men's prisons. Some women believe they are not safe in women's prisons if trans women are allowed there. Transition has been used as grounds for releasing prisoners for crimes committed as men.



Pat Sajak

Pat Sajak (born October 26, 1946) is an American game show host. He hosts "Wheel of Fortune" since 1981.

Sajak was on "Super Password" several times from 1984–1989, as well as "Password Plus" in 1981. Other game shows on which Sajak guested were "Dream House" and "Just Men!".

Sajak hosted a late-night talk show on CBS called "The Pat Sajak Show" from January 1989 to April 1990. More recently, he filled in for Regis Philbin on "Live with Regis and Kelly".

In 1982, he appeared in the film "Airplane II: The Sequel."

Magnum Crimen

"Magnum crimen: pola vijeka klerikalizma u Hrvatskoj" (i.e. "Major accusation: Half a century of clericalism in Croatia") is a book first published in Zagreb in 1948. The book was written by a Croatian Roman Catholic priest, Dr. Viktor Novak (1889 - 1977), who was also a professor at Belgrade and Zagreb Universities, and the member of the Yugoslav Academy Science and Arts. In this book, Novak wrote about (Roman Catholic) clericalism in Croatia from the beginning of the 20th century to the end of World War II.

The Vatican Curia placed the book on their list of banned books, the "Index librorum prohibitorum", and said that Novak was an enemy of the Catholic Church.
Novak wrote that he spent more than 40 years collecting documents and books to write his book. He started collecting this material during his secondary school days, continued it as a university student, and as a member of the Austrian Institute of History in Vienna, Austria, then as a university professor in Zagreb and Belgrade. He worked on three books, of which "Magnum crimen" is the last, the first two parts of are the "Magnum tempus" and the "Magnum sacerdos". In 1941, after the destruction and occupation of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, Novak was forced to destroy all material he had collected. He was in danger of being arrested and killed by the German occupying forces and their collaborators in Belgrade. He was among the first ten people arrested in Belgrade by Germans, but managed to survive and continue work on this book after liberation of Belgrade in October 1944.

Novak dedicates this book to the victims (known and unknown as well) of the clero-fascism.

Observing the Roman Catholic Church activities in Yugoslavia for more than fifty years, the author concludes that this Church replaced the idea of service to God by service to the Roman Curia, i.e. service to the government of the Roman Pontificate in the role of the world leader. As a result of this idea, in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the Roman Catholic Church identified the Roman Catholicism to the Croatian nationhood, which turned most of its priesthood into ardent Ustashe supporters.

The book describes activities of the Roman Catholic clergy in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, including their intention and attempts to become above the state, to control the state and eventually everyday lives of the common people. It has two distinct parts. The first part consists of fifteen chapters, covering the Roman Catholic clericalism from the end of the nineteenth and beginning of the twentieth century in Austria-Hungary, then in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. The second part, the last four chapters, covers the rise and fall of the Independent State of Croatia, and the active support of the Roman Catholic Church clergy.

The main doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was that<br>(a) the clergy shall be paid by the state as the state officials; <br>(b) the state cannot have any control over the Church; <br>(c) the Church has right to be fully involved in the political life of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia; <br>(d) the Church doctrine/religious education shall be a part of primary and secondary school curricula; and that <br>(e) the Roman Catholic Church curricula in the schools shall be obligatory to all pupils whose at least one parent is a Roman Catholic.

To achieve these goals, the Church supported clerical political parties, confronting them to other confessions, primarily to the Serbian Orthodox Church, by publicly preaching hatred against the Orthodox population and advocating Croatian and Slovene separatism and intolerance against others.

Josip Juraj Strossmayer's ideas, of which the most important one was - serving God equals to serving people, created close relations between Croats and Serbs by introducing the Old Slavonic language as the liturgy language of the Roman Catholic Church in the Balkans - were aggressively suppressed by the Roman Catholic clergy in Croatia and Slovenia. The clergy put the Roman Curia in between the God and the people, demanding from the Roman Catholics ultimate obedience to the Roman Curia and unconditional love of the Roman Pope. The clergy remaining faithful to the Strossmayer was marginalized, with the most ardent supporters excommunicated by the Zagreb archbishop.

Nevertheless, Strossmayer was embraced as a great Roman Catholic bishop by the same clergy - but his teaching was distorted or not mentioned ever. The same destiny faced Franjo Rački, Ante Trumbić, and Stjepan Radić - three Croatian politicians advocating actively and fighting for the Yugoslavism - as a common denominator of togetherness and life among the Slavic people of the kingdom of Yugoslavia. The Trumbić and Radić's struggle against centralism was interpreted as the Croatian and Slovene separatism support.

Novak demonstrated that even the anti-Croatian activities in the Italian Croatian and Slovene lands (as compensation for their aid in World War I) were not counteracted by the Croatian and Slovene Roman Catholic clergy in Yugoslavia. Expulsion of the Croatian and Slovene clergy from these lands and their replacement by the Italians was received with silence and accepted without resistance or protest among their Catholic brethren in Yugoslavia.

Ante Pavelić's political activities in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the Ustashe terrorism, and the embracement of fascism were all supported by the Roman Catholic clergy. Pavelić's nationalism identified Roman Catholicism to the Croatdom, which was actively supported and interpreted by the clergy.

The second part of this book is about the beginning of the Independent State of Croatia, the active support of the Roman Catholic clergy to this state, and their involvement and support in the extermination and/or forceful conversion of the Serbs and extermination of the Jews and the Roma people. The book is full of testimonies and documents showing the active involvements of the Catholic clergy in supporting, organizing, and executing extermination of Serbs, Jews, and Roma people of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. One of the most bizarre events described was that Roman Catholic priests in the Jasenovac concentration camp working every day on the most gruesome ways to kill the camp inmates, while they went to chapel regularly each day to pray to God.

At the end of World War II, the Catholic clergy defended themselves, claiming their opposition to forceful conversion and extermination in some letters and instructions directed to the priesthood. The book notes that these letters and directions were not public and not respected or followed. In fact, an article from "Novi list"' argued that a Jew could not be save by converting to the Roman Catholicism.

Archbishop Aloysius Stepinac is portrayed in this book as an ardent Roman Catholic crusader who publicly endorsed the establishment of the Independent State of Croatia, acknowledged the Ustashe as Croatian patriots, defended her before the Roman Pope and was responsible for the racist attitude and behavior of his clergy.
This edition, except from being an English language translation of the 1948 edition, contains two new chapters - "XIV. Ecclesia militants at war with the ideology of Tyrš", and "XV. Libellus accusations", both omitted in the original version under the pressure of Josip Broz Tito's OZNA chief Maks Baće.

Chapter XIV is about the Sokol ("Falcon") Society, founded in Prague in 1862 by Jindřich Fügner and Miroslav Tyrš. The goal of the Sokol Society was to revive and enhance the national awareness and promote mental and physical health of the Czech people through sports and moral education. The idea soon gained a pan-Slavic character, and Sokol organizations were later established in Croatia, Slovenia, Serbia, Bulgaria, Poland, and Russia. The Sokol movement had full support from Strossmayer, then Bishop of Đakovo. After the dissolution of Austria-Hungary and the establishment of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes in 1918, and under the leadership of Lazar Car, Croatian Sokol societies were united with Serbian and Slovenian Sokol clubs into a large Sokol Alliance on 15 June 1919.

The separatism-prone Croatian clergy forced Croatian Sokols to leave the "Yugoslav Sokol Alliance" in 1919–20, fueling internal conflicts within the Alliance on political grounds. At the same time, high Catholic clergy established the Orlovi ("Eagles") clerical organization with the aim of taking youths away from the Alliance. The Croatian Catholic Church rejected the pan-Slavic idea of bringing together Catholic, Orthodox, and Muslim believers under the motto that ""a brother is dear regardless of his faith"". The two Catholic organizations, Orlovi ("Eagles") and Katolička Akcija ("Catholic Action") were a main base of this resistance to the idea of Yugoslavism, brotherhood and religious tolerance. The Catholic Church's resistance to this idea of pan-Slavism led the Polish Sokols to abstain from the international "All Sokol Rally" held in Prague in 1926.

Chapter XV, titled "Libellus Accusations", is about a few Croatian clergymen who were followers of Strossmayer's idea (namely, that to serve people means to serve God). The most prominent among them was Frano Ivanišević, a national fighter and promoter of Old Slavonic Church language as the language of liturgy in the Croatian Catholic Church. He demonstrated that a Catholic priest serving his people would not be against his Church and faith.

Among scholars-historians this book is accepted as a serious academic reference and as such - cited and referenced a great number of times. That way the book became a reference book in the libraries of many universities around the globe.

The earliest surveys of this book are the ones of Russian S. Troicky (as of the 1949 year - see the link) and of Swede O. Neumann. Neumann stressed three things particular to this book: the role of V. Novak in spreading and defending the idea of Yugoslavism, abundance of the documentation used to support the book content, and that ""Some passages have been written by a scholar in a dignified academic gown, in other parts of the book the author assumes the role of public prosecutor."" The abridged edition of this book published in 1960 is reviewed in the Istorijski glasnik and the same review echoed in the Historical abstracts.

A number of short notes about this book can be found - scattered in the works related to this period of history. Some are neutral and some rejective and disapproving.

The most recent, 2011 English language edition, was published in two volumes, and includes two chapters which had been excluded from all earlier editions of this book, which, according to Serbian historian Vasilije Krestić, were censored upon the request of two Croatian communist leaders, Vladimir Bakarić and Maks Baće. As reported by the Serbian daily "Politika", the publication of the English language edition was financed by a schoolmate of Milorad Ekmečić; Ekmečić wrote the foreword to the edition. According to the same article, the publication of the English translation was coincided with the Croatia's lawsuit against Serbia in front of the International Court of Justice, so that "the world would be informed about Ustashe crimes against Serbs during the Second World War".

The book has seven full editions and one abridged.



William of Orange

William of Orange usually refers to either:

William of Orange may also refer to:


Salcea

Salcea is a town of Suceava County in northern Romania. 9,194 people were living in Salcea as of 2000.


Agra

Agra is a city in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The city is famous for being the capital of the Mughal emperors from 1526 to 1658. It is a major tourist destination for its many Mughal-era buildings such as Tāj Mahal, Agra Fort and Fatehpūr Sikrī, all three of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

Agra is on the Indo-Gangetic plain and has a continental climate, with long, hot summers from April to September. During summers dry winds blow in this region. The monsoon months from July to September see about 69 cm of rainfall annually. Winters are from November to February. Agra is best visited in the months of October, November, February and March, when the average temperature are between 16 and 25 Celsius.

In the 2001 Indian census, Agra had a population of 1,326,000. Males consist of 53% of the population and females consist of 47% of the population. 11% of the population is under 6 years of age. The main language used by the people in Agra is Hindi followed by Panjabi.

Agra has a rich history, seen in the monuments around the city. Though the heritage of Agra city is linked with the Mughal dynasty, many other rulers also contributed to the rich past of this city. Modern Agra was founded by Sikandar Lodhi in the 16th century. Babar (founder of the Mughal dynasty) also stayed for sometime in Agra and introduced the concept of square Persian-styled gardens here. Emperor Akbar built the Agra Fort and Fatehpur Sikri near Agra. Fatehpur Sikri remained its capital for around fifteen years after which the city was left isolated in mysterious circumstances. Jahangir beautified Agra with palaces and gardens despite spending most of his time in Kashmir.

Agra‘s greatest time came when Shahjahan ascended to the throne of Mughal Empire. He marked the greatest point of Mughal architecture. He built the Taj Mahal in memory of his favourite wife Mumtaz Mahal. In his later years, Shahjahan shifted his capital to the new city of Shahjahanabad(Delhi) and ruled from there. Shahjahan was removed in 1658 by his son, Aurangzeb who kept him as prisoner in the Agra Fort. Aurangzeb shifted the capital back to Agra before his death. After the death of Aurangzeb, Mughal Empire could not reach its peak and many regional kingdoms emerged. The post-Mughal era of Agra saw the rule of the Jats, Marathas and finally the British taking over the city. After British Raj ended, Agra became part of independent India.

Auto Rickshaw and Cycle Rickshaw are the main transportations in Agra and are available all around the city.

There are City buses but they are infrequent.

Polluting vehicles are not allowed near Taj Mahal, so one needs to take electric Autos or Tanga(Tonga) from a few kilometers outside the Taj Mahal.

Taj Mahal

Agra's Taj Mahal is one of the most famous buildings in the world. It is well known for its reason to be built for Shah Jahan's favorite wife, Mumtaz Mahal. It is one of the Seven Wonders of the world, and one of three World Heritage Sites in Agra.

Completed in 1653, the Tāj Mahal was built by the Mughal king Shāh Jahān as the grave for his beloved wife, Mumtāz Mahal. It was built in white marble. It is perhaps India's most fascinating and beautiful monument. This perfectly symmetrical monument took 22 years (1630-1652) of hard labour and 20,000 workers, masons and jewellers to build. Along with the building there is landscaped gardens. The architect who built the monument is named Persian architect, Ustād 'Īsā. The Tāj Mahal is located on the bank of the Yamuna River which can be observed from Agra Fort.

Agra Fort and Fatehpur sikri are some other noteworthy places of interest.


Kim Seong-Su

Kim Seong-Su (; Hanja 金性洙, October 11, 1881-February 18, 1955), the second vice-president of the Republic of Korea (대한민국; 大韓民國), was a politician, educationist, journalist, and founder of Kyung-Sung textile Co. (경성방직회사; 京城紡織會社) , the Dong-A Ilbo(동아일보; 東亞日報), and Korea University(고려대학교; 高麗大學校). After he died he was given the Order of Merit for National Foundation(건국훈장; 建國勳章). He is also known by his pen name Inchon (인촌; 仁村)

Kim Seong-Su was born on October 11 1891, in Gochang(고창; 高昌), Jeollabuk-do(전라북도; 全羅北道), South Korea. He graduated from Waseda University in Japan in 1914, majoring in Political Science and Economics. After returning home, he took over Jung-Ang High School, which was in financial difficulties, and took office as the president in 1917. Also, he founded Kyung-Sung textile Co. in 1919 in order to realize Korea’s economic independence from Japan and to foster its national capital. He launched the Dong-A Ilbo in 1920 and took charge of Boseong College (보성전문학교; 普成專門學校), the predecessor of the present Korea University.

In 1938, he was a promoter of the Federation for National Mobilization of Korean(국민정신총동원조선연맹; 國民精神總動員朝鮮聯盟), which was one of the pro-Japanese groups. He also took part in several pro-Japanese activities, writing articles which admired student soldiers and the draft system for Japan. Due to these activities, he was included in the list of 3,090 pro-Japanese collaborators released by the Institute for Research in Collaborationist Activities(민족문제연구소; 民族問題硏究所) in 2008.

After the Independence from the Japan Occupation on August 15 1945, in 1946 he became the governor of Korea Democratic Party(한국민주당; 韓國民主黨) and the ninth president of the Dong-A Ilbo. He was opposed to U.S. trusteeship of Sourh Korea and in 1949 he took office as the supreme council of Democratic National Party(민주국민당; 民主國民黨). He was inaugurated as the second vice president of South Korea in 1951, but resigned the following year because he was against the dictatorial powers of President Rhee Syng-man(이승만; 李承晩). The same year he became an adviser of Democratic National Party and then, continued to take part in the nongovernment party. He was posthumously awarded the Republic of Korea Medal of Order of Merit for National Foundation in 1962.



Nuneaton

Nuneaton is the largest town in the English county of Warwickshire. Nuneaton is famous for the novelist, George Eliot, who was born on a farm outside Nuneaton in 1819 and lived in Nuneaton during her early life.

The town is 14.5 km (9 miles) north of Coventry, 32 km (20 miles) east of Birmingham and 166 km (103 miles) northwest of London. The "River Anker" runs through the town.
Nuneaton had a population of 70,721 as of 2001 though the 2008 estimate is 73,000.

Nuneaton also has a football team called Nuneaton Town.


Sarrasani

Sarrasani is the name of a famous German circus. It was resident in Dresden. Later it became known as national circus of Argentina.

Sarrasani was founded by the clown "Hans Stosch". His stage name was "Giovanni Sarrasani". He came 1901 to Radebeul. The circus had its official premiere 1902 in Meißen. In the year 1912 a stationary circus building opened in Dresden. The circus often performed abroad. It had two famous labels, the Elephants and the Sioux.

Stosch-Sarrasani sen. died 1934 in São Paulo. His son Hans Stosch-Sarrasani jun. followed him as director. He died in 1941 in Berlin. His widow took directorship. The Sarrasani theater was destroyed on 13 February 1945 during the World War II.

Trude Stosch-Sarrasani emigrated to Argentina. She re-launched the circus in Buenos Aires. Perón and Evita declared Sarrasani "Circo nacional Argentino". The Argentine Sarrasani existed until 1972. 

The artist Fritz Mey re-launched the German Sarrasani in 1956. His partner, Ingrid Wimmer, was adopted by Trude Stosch-Sarrasani in 1976. André Sarrasani, son of Fritz Mey and Ingrid Wimmer, leads the circus since 2000. Sarrasani came back to Dresden in 1990 for the first time after 45 years. André Sarrasani performs today in Dresden the Dinner-Varieté-Show "Trocadero".

Trude Stosch-Sarrasani died the 6 of June 2009.



War language

War (also spelled Waar) or Amwi is an Austro-Asiatic language spoken by about 16,000 people in Bangladesh and 12,000 people in the Republic of India.

Supernova (South Korean group)

Supernova (; stylized as SUPERNOVA) is a six-member Korean Pop boy band. Its members are Yunhak, Sungje, Sungmo, Kwangsu, Jihyuk and Geonil. They debuted through the M! PICK season 6 in 2007 and belong to Korean record company Core Contents Media. From 2007 to 2018 they were known in Korean as Choshinsung and in Japanese as Choshinsei.

At first, Choshinsung was a five-member boy band but it was turned to a six-member through many times of changing their members. For this reason, they had to put their debut on after 1 year and recorded their album again. Before the debut all of members participated in commercial movies and other singer’s music videos. Then, they debuted through M.net M! PICK which is a TV program of picking up new faces for making Korean entertainers in August 2nd, 2007.

Japan

Korea

Korea

Japan



Temple of Castor and Pollux

The Temple of Castor and Pollux is a Roman temple that worshipped the Gods, Castor and Pollux. This temple was based in the famous Roman Forum which is now in ruins.

Sonic the Hedgehog 3

Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is the third video game in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It was made by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1994. You can play as Sonic the Hedgehog or Miles "Tails" Prower, or both (Tails follows Sonic and does what Sonic does if you play this way). Dr. Eggman is called Dr. Robotnik in the North American and European version of the game.

The game begins after what happened in the previous game, Sonic the Hedgehog 2. In Sonic 2, Sonic and Tails defeated Dr. Eggman on his giant spaceship called the Death Egg. It then exploded and landed on Angel Island, an island that floats in the air. Knuckles lives on Angel Island. He guards the Master Emerald, which is a big green gem that makes the island float. Dr. Eggman knows that the Master Emerald is very powerful. He wants to steal it, because he could fix the Death Egg with that power. He tricks Knuckles and tells him that Sonic and Tails are thieves and they want to steal the Master Emerald. Soon, Sonic and Tails arrive on Angel Island because they have seen that the Death Egg has fallen there. However, Knuckles surprises them, and takes away the Chaos Emeralds Sonic and Tails have collected.

The point of the game is to collect Rings, defeat robots and get to the end of a Zone.

In Sonic 3, there are six Zones. Every Zone has got two levels, which are named "acts" in the game. At the end of every act 1, you've got to fight one of Dr. Eggman's robots, and at the end of every act 2, you've got to fight Dr. Eggman himself. There are small robots called "Badniks" in the acts. Most of them can be destroyed if you jump on them. If the badnik is destroyed, a little animal jumps out of it. 

Rings are floating in the air and they are gold. If you collect 100 and 200 Rings, you get a life. If you have no Rings and something hits you (for example, a badnik, spike, or Dr. Eggman), you lose a life. 

There are also Starposts in the acts. If you hit a Starpost, it will spin for a bit, and if you lose a life, you restart at the last Starpost you touched. Starposts can be used to go to the Bonus Stage, if you touch them if you have 50 or more Rings. Then, a ring made of stars will spin above the Starpost, and if you jump into it, you go to the Bonus Stage.

Sheila Mello

Sheila Chesed de Almeida Mello (born 23 July 1978) is a Brazilian dancer, actress and model. She became famous for dancing in the band É o Tchan!

Was born in Cidade Ademar, vila imperio, a district on the outskirts of São Paulo. Before becoming known for her participation in the group É o Tchan!, Sheila graduated in both classical ballet and in modern ballet.
Her entry to the group É o Tchan! came in 1998 through a contest held to choose a replacement for the dancer Carla Perez who left the group. Immediately after her victory she posed nude for the first time in Playboy magazine. She was on the cover in the other two editions, one next to Sheila Carvalho, her colleague É o Tchan. In October 2007, she posed naked again, this time for the magazine Sexy.






Seattle Sounders FC

Seattle Sounders FC is a team in Major League Soccer (MLS) that plays in Seattle, Washington. It was founded in 2007 and began playing in 2009. Their name, which comes from the name of two older teams in Seattle, was chosen by fans in 2008. The club's majority owner is Adrian Hanauer, and its minority owners are the estate of Paul Allen, Drew Carey, and a group of 11 Seattle-area families that includes Russell Wilson, his wife Ciara, and Macklemore. Many fans are in groups and also a 53-member band called Sound Wave plays at every home game. Their rivals, the Portland Timbers and Vancouver Whitecaps, play against the Seattle in the Cascadia Cup every year. Brian Schmetzer is the team's head coach.

The team was the 15th MLS team and first played in the 2009 season. At every Seattle game, all of the seats were sold and the fans set a new record for average (or middle) match attendance, while the team also sold more season tickets than anyone else in the MLS. The Seattle Sounders FC finished their first year in the MLS playoffs, but lost in the semi-finals. The team did win their first trophy, the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, and became the second team to do so in their first year. The Sounders went on to win the U.S. Open Cup in 2010 and 2011 as well, becoming the first team in over 40 years to win that competition three straight times. They won again in 2014, also winning the Supporters' Shield. In 2016, Seattle won their first MLS Cup; they returned to the final the following year and lost.

Notes

Florence Ballard

Florence Glenda Ballard Chapman (June 30, 1943 – February 22, 1976) was an American rhythm and blues singer. She was one of the founders of The Supremes. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. She died in Detroit from coronary thrombosis.

Amanda Knox

Amanda Marie Knox (born July 10, 1987, Seattle, Washington) is an American author who was imprisoned without bail bond in Italy for 4 years during the trial and acquittal of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher, her British college housemate, in Perugia, Italy. On October 3, 2011, she was cleared of murder after an appeal trial. The sentence was declared invalid in March 2013. She was sentenced to 28 years and six months in jail in late January 2014. Her murder conviction was overturned for a final appeal in March 2015. Knox wrote about her treatment by Italian authorities and her prison problems in her 2013 memoir, "Waiting to Be Heard".

Knox was, at the time of the murder, a 20-year-old University of Washington language student who shared a flat with Kercher. She was in Perugia attending the University for Foreigners for one year, studying Italian, German and creative writing. Knox met her boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito at a classical music concert held on October 25, 2007, which she attended with Kercher at the University for Foreigners. When Kercher left at the intermission, Sollecito met Knox.

Knox and her boyfriend Sollecito were put on trial. At the time of the murder on November 1, 2007, Kercher's house keys, rent money of 300 euros (~$450), and 2 mobile phones had been missing, but the phones were found in the bushes by a neighbor, several blocks away, when Knox called Kercher's numbers the next morning after finding the front door ajar. The prosecution claimed a knife fight with Sollecito had begun after Knox and Kercher had argued about the stolen rent money, as stated by convicted suspect Rudy Guede (whose DNA was found on the body and purse). However, Amanda Knox had over $4,000 in her bank account at the time, and said she had no motive. Sollecito's DNA was found in the kitchen ashtray and outside Kercher's door frame, where he tried to push the door, but not inside the room nor on the body. Sollecito was sent to prison for 25 years, and Knox for 26 years.

They both appealed their sentences.
At the first appeal trial in 2011, a man claimed to have seen Knox and Sollecito by a town square near the house that night, when other people were wearing costume masks, but Halloween had been 2 nights earlier, not the night of the murder. The first appeal verdict was given on October 3, 2011, and Knox and Sollecito were freed from prison on that date.

In January 2014, Amanda Knox and her prior lover Rafael Sollecito were again found guilty by the Italian higher court, which overturned the first appeal. Sollecito was stopped by Italian Police when he tried to cross the border with Austria, after the verdict.

In March 2015, at their fourth trial, Knox and Sollecito were acquitted of Kercher's murder by Italy's top appeal court. Despite being cleared of the murder charge, the guilty verdict against Knox for the slander of Patrick Lumumba - a bar owner she falsely accused of the crime - has been upheld.

Habilitation

In some countries, Habilitation is a step toward becoming a professor that comes after people receive their Ph. D. (doctor of philosophy or "doctorate"). The term habilitation is derived from the Medieval Latin "habilitare", meaning "to make suitable, to fit", from Classical Latin "habilis" "fit, proper, skillful".

Solca

Solca is a town of Suceava County in Romania. There were around 2500 people living in Solca as of 2002.

Raspberry (color)

Raspberry is a color that resembles the color of raspberries. 

The first recorded use of "raspberry" as a color name in English was in 1892. 



Bay of Campeche

The Bay of Campeche is an area in the southwestern Gulf of Mexico. In Mexico three states, Campeche, Tabasco, and Veracruz have a coastline on the Bay of Campeche.

Hi! Seoul Festival

Hi! Seoul Festival is a seasonal festival sponsored by Seoul Metropolitan Government and others. 
It has been held for each season – spring, summer, fall, and winter - every year in Seoul, South Korea since 2003. 

Hi Seoul Festival has four different themes for every season. For example, the theme of spring is usually “palace” Seoul Festival of the Han River is held in summer season. Usually during fall, the theme of the festival is "art". Also, there is Seoul Festival of Lights for winter season.


Mandu (dumpling)

Mandu (만두; 饅頭) are Korean-style dumplings from Korea. "Mandu" were introduced in Korea in the middle of the Joseon dynasty.

They are made from flour stuffed with meat and vegetables. This filling is called "so" (소). Pork is the most common meat for "so", but beef, chicken, or pheasant can also be ingredients of "mandu". Vegetables are typically carrots, cucumbers, onions, and bean sprouts. Other additional ingredients are kimchi, tofu, or chopped noodles made from sweet potatoes. They can be fried, boiled, steamed or even baked, and each type has a different name. "Mandu" are usually served with soy sauce mixed with vinegar for dipping.

They were traditionally made only in the early winter or for a holiday. However, in modern times, they are an everyday food.


James Mason

James Neville Mason (15 May 1909 – 27 July 1984) was an English actor.

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a 2004 American romantic drama movie set in New York. It was released on March 19, 2004. It was directed by Michel Gondry, a well-known French director of "Human Nature", and the story of the movie was written by Charlie Kaufman of "Being John Malkovich" and "Adaptation" and Pierre Bismuth as well as Gondry. Jim Carrey, famous for his acting in several comedy movies such as "The Mask" and "Bruce Almighty", and Kate Winslet, a heroine of "Titanic", starred in this movie as main characters both of whom are struggling to erase their memories of love.
The story of this movie is about memory erasure of a couple who once loved each other but now, suffer from the memories of their love. Joel Barish (Jim Carrey) decides to erase his memory about his girlfriend, Clementine Kruczynski (Kate Winslet), after he discovered that she had removed all of her memories about him. He goes to see Dr. Howard Mierzwiak (Tom Wilkinson) of Lacuna Inc., a firm that helps people erase their painful, heartbreaking memories with a special brain map processing, and asks the doctor to erase his memory. However, while the memory erasure is ongoing, he faces with their earlier memories that are so passionate, sweet and precious that they should never be deleted. Although Joel tries to wake up and stop getting rid of her from his mind, Dr. Mierswiak and his employees keep going on the process. Joel eventually gets to the last memory, disappearing with the last words of Clementine saying, “Meet me in Montauk.” Other than the story of main characters, the staff members of Lacuna Inc. such as Mary (Kirsten Dunst), and Patrick (Elijah Wood) also have some related stories which will be a key for the ending of this movie.
The director tells people two quotes by Mary’s words in the movie. The first one is from Friedrich Nietzsche’s saying, “Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders.” The second one is from Alexander Pope’s poem, “How happy is the blameless vestal's lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each prayer accepted, and each wish resigned.” The title of this movie, “Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind” is from this quote.


Cecilia (Burney novel)

Cecilia, subtitled "Memoirs of an Heiress", is an 18th century novel by Frances Burney. It is a comical, satirical love story. It was admired by people like Edmund Burke, Mary Wollstonecraft, and Choderlos de Laclos.

"Cecilia" was published in July 1782. Frances Burney started work on it in 1780. Her father, Dr. Charles Burney and her mentor, Samuel Crisp stopped her from writing a play for the stage, to be titled "The Witlings". Frances Burney tried to change their minds, but Dr. Burney insisted she stop and continue writing the more ladylike novels instead. “In the Novel way, there is no danger,” he said. The stress of this made Burney unhappy. Critics believe this may be why "Cecilia" is sadder than her first novel.

Cecilia Beverley is a young heroine, who leaves her country home to travel to London. She will live with a guardian, Mr. Harrel. Cecelia is an orphan heiress. To inherit her money, when she marries, her husband must take her surname and become "Mr. Beverley". In London, she is invited to a friend's house (Mr. Monckton), for breakfast, who has married for money. But he loves Cecilia and hopes to marry her when his wife dies. He is afraid Cecilia might fall in love with someone else. At his house she meets Mr. Morrice, a young lawyer; Captain Aresby and Mr. Belfield, who can’t seem to settle down. Mr. Monckton’s wife, Lady Margaret and her servant, Miss Bennet, are also there. Cecilia notices Albany, an old man sitting quietly in the corner, who behaves strangely. She also notices that Lady Margaret dislikes her.

Mr. Harrel is married to Cecelia's childhood friend, Priscilla. So, Priscilla gives parties to introduce Cecelia to new friends: Sir Robert Floyer, Mrs. Harrel’s shy brother Mr. Arnott, Mr. Gosport, silly Miss Larolles; and proud, silent Miss Leeson. Mr. Monckton visits her and she greets him happily. At an opera, Cecelia sees Albany, the strange old man again. He shouts a warning that she is in danger from the people around her and that she should help the poor. The next morning, she sees a poor woman, Mrs. Hill, who comes to beg for her starving family. Mr. Harrel has refused to pay them. Cecilia tries to make him pay, but he will not. Finally, Mr. Arnott, feeling sorry for the Hills, lends him the money to pay them. Cecilia, shocked at how mean Mr. Harrel is, wants to go stay with another guardian. But, they seem just as bad. While Mr. Harrel spends and gambles his money; Mr. Briggs is a selfish miser and Mr. Delvile is a vain man.

Mrs. Harrel has a masquerade ball. Mr. Monckton is in disguise as a black demon and fights anyone who comes near Cecelia.. A person dressed like a white domino tries to help her, as do Mr. Arnott, Mr. Gosport, and Mr. Belfield. Cecilia is surprised at how well the domino knows the faults of her guardians. She wonders who he could be. Later, Cecelia goes to the opera again with Mrs. Harrel. There, she meets Mr. Belfield, who is courteous; but Sir Floyer acts rudely. The two men get angry and have an argument that leads to a duel. Afraid, Cecilia hurries to her house, and worries over the duel.

The next morning, Cecelia is told that Mr. Belfield is a little injured, but Sir Floyer is well. Cecilia finds out that the white domino she saw at the masquerade party is Mortimer, Mr. Delvile’s son. Soon after, she meets Mrs. Delvile, who she likes. Now she wants to stay with them, instead of with the Harrels. But, she discovers that Mortimer thinks that she is in love with Mr. Belfield. Or perhaps, that she is engaged to Sir Floyer, who has asked her to marry him. Even though she has refused him, Mr. Harrel tells everyone they will be married soon. Later, she meets Mr. Albany again, who introduces her to Belfield's sister, Henrietta, and asks Cecilia to help her. Cecilia finds out that Mr. Belfield’s wound is serious, but because he does not have enough money he could not call a doctor. She helps the Belfields, begins a friendship with Henrietta, and finds out that Mortimer Delvile, too, is helping them. Disgusted with Sir Floyer’s rudeness and the Harrels’ silliness, she stays for a while with Mrs. Delvile, whom she has become fond of, and Mortimer. But, Mr. Monckton tells lies about them because he sees Cecelia likes them. But Cecilia does not believe him, and she realizes that she is in love with Mortimer, who still thinks she is engaged to Sir Floyer.

Mr. Harrel threatens her with his own suicide, so Cecilia lends him money for his debts. Mr. Delvile is suddenly called away, and Mortimer is happy and surprised to find out that Cecelia loves him. But, when she meets him again she is hurt by his coldness to her. Mr. Harrel loses more money by gambling and his violent behavior to his wife frightens Cecilia. After drinking, he suddenly kisses his wife and shoots himself. Terrified and upset, Cecilia meets Mortimer, who forgets to be cold. He travels with her and Mrs. Harrel to Delvile Castle, where Cecilia finds Mortimer’s behavior confusing, and Mrs. Delvile makes it clear that she does not want Cecilia to marry her son. Lady Honoria, a relative of Mrs. Delvile’s, comes and teases her about Mortimer. At last, Mortimer says that he cannot marry her, because he would have to change his name from Delvile to Beverley. He is too sad to see her anymore and he leaves the country. Cecilia says goodbye to him coolly. Mrs. Delvile, instead of going to see her son, goes to her family friend, Mrs. Charlton, and stays with her instead. While there, Mr. Biddulph, a friend of Mortimer's, sees with surprise that she is embarrassed whenever he talks about his friend, and tells that to Mortimer in a letter. Confused, Mortimer decides to find out for himself. Lady Honoria steals Mortimer’s dog, Fidel, and gives it to Cecilia to tease her. One day, Cecilia, patting the dog, talks to him about her love for Mortimer, and how much she misses him – and looking up, sees—Mortimer!

Amazed that she loves him, he asks her to marry him. Cecelia is confused, and cannot hide how much she loves him; but she is angry when he suggests that they marry in secret. He explains that his parents will never allow their marriage. So, even though Cecilia is afraid and feels guilty, she says yes. She innocently tells Mr. Monckton about her plans. He becomes furious and tries his best to break them up. During the wedding, he sends Miss Bennet, Lady Margaret’s servant, and his helper, to interrupt it. Mrs. Delvile, hearing of it, comes and tells Cecilia that what Mortimer says is true – she will never let them marry. Cecilia is unhappy, but she loves Mrs. Delvile too much to make her hate her, and finally agrees that she will not marry Mortimer. but he insists on seeing her again. Because of this, all three came together for a last meeting. Mortimer begs Cecilia to be his wife, and says he doesn’t care if he is Mr. Beverley or not. Mrs. Delvile, horrified, suddenly falls very sick. Both Mortimer and Cecilia are frightened, so they decide to do as she says, and never meet again. 

Mrs. Delvile, after kissing Cecilia goodbye, leaves as soon as she is better. The next day Mrs. Charlton suddenly dies. These events cause Cecelia to be sad and lonely, so she leaves for London. Because she is now old enough to have her fortune, she buys a quiet house in her neighborhood and lives there with Henrietta Belfield. Mortimer suddenly visits them. Cecelia finds out that Mrs. Delvile has said that if she will give up her fortune, so Mortimer will not be Mr. Beverley, but Mr. Delvile, she can marry her son. Mortimer happily says that they can marry with just her personal fortune. Cecilia, horrified, tells him that she has none of her personal fortune left. She has lent most of it to Mr. Harrel, and used the rest for other things, such as helping the Hills. Cecilia also finds out that somebody has told this to Mr. Delvile already, but with lots of lies. She begins to suspect Mr. Monckton. Mrs. Delvile says yes and Cecilia and Mortimer marry quietly and happily.

Later, Mrs. Matt, one of the poor people she has helped, tells her who stopped her first wedding—Miss Bennet! Cecilia decides that the person who sent her must have been Mr. Monckton. She also realizes that he, too, must have been the one who lied so bitterly about her to Mr. Delvile. Shortly after, a servant comes and tells her that Mr. Monckton is dead. Soon after, Mortimer comes and says he too had found out Mr. Monckton’s meanness, and he had angrily told Mr. Monckton to tell Mr. Delvile the truth about Cecilia. Mr. Monckton angrily said no, and they shot each other in a furious fight. Mortimer was safe, but Mr. Monckton was badly hurt. Cecilia tells him to leave England with his mother before she can hear about the fight, and agreeing, he goes. However, her marriage has been discovered, so her fortune is taken away from her while Mortimer is gone. Now unable to live in the house she bought, she tells Henrietta to live with Mrs. Harrel and Mr. Arnott while she looks for Mortimer. Cecelia goes to Mr. Belfield to ask for help; but while there, Mortimer suddenly walks into the room and sees them together.

Angry, surprised, and jealous, he leaves. Cecilia starts to become crazy. She tries to go to Mr. Delvile for help, but he proudly refuses to see her. At last, some people, thinking she has escaped from a hospital for crazy people, lock her up in a room and write in a newspaper about her. Albany recognizes her, and calls Mortimer to come quickly. Henrietta, too, reads the newspaper, recognizes her, and hurries to see her. Mortimer sees her and quickly calls his old friend, Dr Lyster, to heal Cecilia. Even though she grows crazier while in a fever, she finally gets well. She and Mortimer forgive each other and explain what really happened. Mr. Delvile, feeling guilty when he hears that Cecilia almost died, finally lets her and Mortimer come to his house and see him again. In the end, they live happily together. Mrs. Delvile’s sister gives Cecilia a lot of money when she dies. Cecilia can begin helping the poor again with Albany, who is happy that she did not die. Mrs. Harrel marries again, and soon begins to have parties and friends again. Mr. Arnott and Henrietta marry. Mr. Belfield still cannot settle down to a job, but finally, with the help of Mortimer, goes into the army and is happy.


Jane Austen, a famous writer, talked about "Cecilia" in her novel, "Northanger Abbey": “'And what are you reading, Miss — ?' 'Oh! It is only a novel!' replies the young lady, while she lays down her book with affected indifference, or momentary shame. 'It is only "Cecilia", or "Camilla", or "Belinda"'; or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough (complete) knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed (shown) to the world in the best–chosen language."

The title of Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" is probably from Dr Lyster’s speech at the end of "Cecilia": “remember: if to pride and prejudice you owe your miseries, so wonderfully is good and evil balanced, that to pride and prejudice you will also owe their termination.”

In her last novel, "Persuasion", Anne Elliot talks about "the inimitable Miss Larolles."

In Thackeray's "Vanity Fair", Rebecca Sharp writes to Amelia Sedley and says they "used to read "Cecilia" at Chiswick."



Go-Stop

Go-Stop (; also called "Godori") is a Korean card game which uses Hanafuda. Hanafuda cards have 48 cards. 4 cards are 1 set and 12 sets mean 12 months. Normally, 3 players play Go-Stop, but it is possible to play with 2 players or among more than 4 players. 

Go-Stop is played for fun among friends or family members. But it also can be a kind of gambling. In recent years, Go-Stop became one of the most popular online board games in Korea with the development of internet.

The rules of this game are different in different places, but the basic rules are the same. After deciding which player will go first, every player gets 7 cards and 6 cards which are placed upside down on the floor. The first player takes one card of his own out of his hand to pair the cards, and the game starts. It turns counter clockwise. Points are calculated by the cards that players get. If someone gets 3 points which are the minimum points to win, he can choose "Go" or "Stop". If he chooses "Stop", other players need to pay money according to the point of the winner, and then the game is finished. The winner is the first player in a new game. If he chooses "Go", the game continues. The player who chose "Go" needs to get another 1 point to select again "Go" or "Stop". But if one of other players gets 3 points before the player who chose "Go" gets another 1 point, the player who gets 3 points can stop the game as a winner. If it occurs, the player who chose "Go" should pay for the other player's money to the winner including his own. This is the specific rule that makes Go-Stop interesting.

Edward Scissorhands

Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic fantasy movie directed by Tim Burton. Caroline Thompson wrote the screenplay. Danny Elfman, a composer and musician from the band Oingo Boingo, wrote and performed the music in this movie. The role of Edward was played by Johnny Depp, with Winona Ryder playing Kim, his love interest. After making this movie, Ryder became much more famous. Depp and Burton were a successful combination after this movie. Many of Burton's movies after "Edward Scissorhands" star Depp.

It starts with an old woman telling a story about snow to her granddaughter. The story is about an unhappy young man named Edward, who had scissors instead of hands. A saleswoman of Avon, Peg, visits the house on the top of the mountain in her town. There lived Edward. Edward was created by a lonely inventor. He was left unfinished because the inventor died before giving him human hands. Peg felt pity for him and took him home. He was welcomed in the village. The neighbors got to like him more because of his talent in gardening and hair cutting. Jim, Kim's boyfriend, tried to use Edward's skill of unlocking doors without a scratch for stealing money from his own father. However, the security system was operating and Edward was locked in the room alone, where he was later caught. After then, Jim started to dislike Edward. Later, when Edward caught saw that Kim was enjoying the snow outside, Edward made an ice sculpture of her. Jim called out her name, causing Edward to jump, and he accidentally cut Kim's hand. However, Jim claimed that it was intentional. Also, when Edward saved Kevin from a car accident, he was misunderstood. People thought he was trying to hurt Kevin. Edward was suspected by all the people in the village. So he went back to the castle he was living in. Jim followed him and tried to hurt him, but Edward stabbed Jim and pushed him out of the window of the castle, killing him. Kim wanted to protect Edward. She lies to the villagers, saying that they killed each other. The story ends with a scene in which it is revealed that the old woman telling the story was Kim.

Lippstadt

Lippstadt is a planned city in Westphalia. About 67,000 people lived there in 2008. The city is about 70 km east of Dortmund, and about 30 km west of Paderborn. 

The city was founded in 1185. It is the oldest founded city in Westphalia. Founded cities did not grow from earlier settlements; they were made as cities from the beginning. Lippstadt is known because there were many witch trials in the city, especially between 1565 and 1573. The priest Anton Praetorius wrote in 1613, that "Nail-smith Ebert Balve and his sister, a baker were released from prison, despite protests from the population. They had been tortured for a long time, and they had withdrawn their confessions." This witchcraft trial left a lasting impression on Praetorius and may have changed his thinking. In 1597, he risked his life so that the torture of a woman be stopped. Later, he continued to fight against witch-trials and torture through his writings. There were more witch trials in Lippstadt between 1630 and 1677.

Tteok

Tteok is a Korean traditional rice cake which is made of rice by kneading it with water. It tastes chewy and sticky. Tteok is usually only eaten on holidays or birthdays.

Koreans eat Tteok depending on the season. On the first day of the year, they make "Garaetteok" which is shaped like a long white cylinder because it looks like a white thin thread that represents a long life generally in Asian culture. Sliced Garaetteok is used for making a soup named Tteokguk. In March, women make small sweet Korean pancakes called "Hwajeon" with flowers. They use flowers such as azaleas and chrysanthemums. On Chuseok holiday, Korean Thanksgiving Day, Koreans make "Songpyeon". They dough rice flour and stuff sesame, or chestnut into each. After they put it in, they shape it into a half moon.

Pansori

Pansori is a Korean traditional narrative song that one sorikkun, a singer, weaves a story with chang (song), aniri (descriptive speech), and nurumsae (motion). The name of the song is also known as gapga, bonsaga, changga in Chinese, but it is called pansori in Korean. The term pansori first appeared in 'Mae-il Shin bo' (the name of the newspaper in 1910s in Korea) in 1913. Pansori is a performing art which one sorikkun, and one gosu (a drummer playing a barrel drum called buk) sing a song of a long story to the audience. 'Pan' in pansori means 'a place where many people gather', and 'sori' means 'sound'. Pansori represents voluntariness and impromptu which are the characteristics of Korean traditional music. For example, before Heung-rok Song period it had been orally narrated without any exact scripts by extemporarily inserting songs handed down orally and witty remarks into the stories taught by a master.

Pansori is a professional art which requires sorikkun to have a high level of singing skill. Also, it is a performing art because one singer takes roles of various characters in a story. Music, literature, and play are the key elements that coexist in pansori. It was established as an independent performing art by associating with many adjacent genres of Korean traditional music such as Minyo, Mooga (songs that shamans sing in a performance of exorcism), Sijo, Japga (a folk music sung by common people during the latter part of Joseon dynasty), and Gasa. It is also the only genre that started with popular arts and led to ethnic arts in Korea.

There is an opinion that in the traditional society Pansori indicated Ba-tang sori (a song that includes the whole story) and if a singer sang certain parts of a story, usually famous parts, it was called just 'sori'. Today if a singer sings a full story, it is called Ba-tang sori whereas, if a singer sing just some parts of the story, the sori is called Toe-mak sori or Ma-di sori. Toe-mak sori was mainly sung by sorikkun in the 20th century. However, after Dong-Jin Park, a famous male sorikkun, sang the full story of Heungbuga for five hours in 1968, many sorikkun tried to sing Ba-tang sori which requires sorikkun more efforts to sing.



Lord of War

Lord of War is a crime thriller movie released in September 2005. It is directed by Andrew Nicole and starred Nicolas Cage, Ethan Hawke, Jared Leto and Bridget Moynahan. It deals with a story of gunrunner, named Yuri, who deals in arms trafficking. It is based on a real person named Victor Bout who was a notorious arms dealer.

The movie describes a person who deals in firearms as a "Merchant of Death", since by selling guns to people, Yuri is selling and bringing them death. At the end of the movie, an additional credit title points out the irony in that the five biggest arms exporting countries, the U.S., UK, Russia, France and China, are also the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.

The main character Yuri Orlov (played by Nicolas Cage) is a Ukrainian-American. He persuaded his brother Vitaly (Jared Leto) to be his partner in his arms trafficking business. They made a great success. Another important character, Jack Valentine (Ethan Hawke), is an Interpol agent. Jack finds out that Yuri is a gunrunner. From the first moment Jack met Yuri until the ending, he tried to arrest Yuri but every time Yuri escaped capture. At the last moment when Yuri finally got caught by Jack, Yuri said to Jack that he would never be sent to jail because he himself was a "necessary evil". He also told Jack that the U.S. government, which Jack was working for, also knew that and they needed arms dealers just like Yuri. In the end, Yuri got freed from capture and kept his business for the purpose of arming people in the world.


Westphalia

Westphalia () is a region in Germany. The cities of Arnsberg, Bielefeld, Bochum, Detmold, Dortmund, Gelsenkirchen, Hagen, Minden and Münster are in its centre. In 1946, the state of North Rhine-Westphalia was created, which includes part of the historical region.

Westphalia is roughly the region between the rivers Rhine and Weser, north and south of the Ruhr River. During the course of history, different places and regions were called "Westphalia", the borders of the region can therefore not be defined exactly, as they depend on the entity and time talked about. For the same reason, there are different specifications of its area and number of people. They range between in land area, and between 4.3 million and 8 million people. There is a consensus that Münster, Bielefeld and Dortmund are part of Westphalia.

A linguistic definition of Westphalia (see Westphalian language) includes the former Prussian Province of Westphalia (except Siegen-Wittgenstein), Lippe, the region around Osnabrück and the greater area of the Emsland. Present-day common use, however, often restricts the notion to the present part of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Westphalia is known for the 1648 Peace of Westphalia which ended the Thirty Years' War, as the two treaties were signed in Münster and Osnabrück.

Empress Myeongseong

Empress Myeongseong (25 September 1851 – 20 August 1895), also known as Empress Min, was the official wife of King Gojong. Emperor Gojong was the twenty-sixth king of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea. In 1902, she was given the honorary name of "Hyoja Wonseong Jeonghwa Hapcheon Honggong Seongdeok Myeongseong Taehwanghu" (Hangul: 효자원성정화합천홍공성덕명성태황후, Hanja: 孝慈元聖正化合天洪功誠德明成太皇后). It is usually shortened to "Myeongseong Hwanghu" (Hangul: 명성황후, Hanja: 明成皇后).

The Japanese felt that she was being politically unhelpful to them. After China was defeated in the First Sino-Japanese War, Queen Min tried to get help from Russia instead. She wanted to stop Japanese influence from spreading in Joseon, where it was getting stronger.

In the early morning of October 8, 1895, men who said that they were commanded by Miura Gorō went into Gyeongbok Palace. When they went into the Queen's Quarters (Okhoru), they killed three women whom they thought were Empress Myeongseong. When they proved that one of the women was Queen Min, they burned her body in a forest in front of the Okhoru.

In South Korea, people have recently begun showing interest in Queen Min. Novels and musicals have been made about her.

Empress Myeongseong (Min Jayoung) was born at 1851, as the daughter of Min Chirok in the province of Gyeonggi. She lost her father when she was eight, and grew in a scanty livelihood. Because the Heungseon Daewongun who was the father of King Gojong and the most powerful politician in that period, wanted the queen who had no political ambition or close relatives who would influence the queen, she was chosen as the queen of the Gojong by the recommendation of Yeoheung Budaebuin who was the mother of the King.

At first, she was not wecomed in the palace. Her husband already had a concubine, and no one helped her in palace. But she decided to confront with her father-in-law Heungseon Daewongun, because of the heir problem. She started to be active in politics, and made her relatives royal officers. The queen finally forced the Heungseon Daewongun to retire by arguing that Gojong, now twenty-two, should govern in his own right and banished the concubine. However, her policies about foreign countries made complaints from commons, and eventually the army rebelled against her, and for the Heungseon Daewongun to be restored. She evacuated from the palace, and returned by depending on Chinese army.

Callosamia promethea

The Promethea Moth ("Callosamia promethea") is a species of moth. It belongs in the family Saturniidae. It is also known as the Promethea Silkmoth or the Spicebush Silkmoth.

The male has dark brownish-black wings. There is a faint white line that runs down the center of both wings. There is pinkish coloring near the tip of the fore wing (the top wing). The female is bright reddish-pink or a brownish color. Both genders have tan colored wing edges. The wingspan measures 7.5-9.5 cm.

The Promethea Moth is found in the eastern half of the United States. It is also found in the lower parts of eastern Canada.

Mating happens from afternoon to early evening. Egg-laying begins at night. Females are attracted to lights, but males are not. Females lay 2-12 eggs in a cluster on the host plant (the host plant is the plant that the caterpillar eats). The yound caterpillars feed together on the underside of leaves. They are greenish yellow and striped with black. The older caterpillars do not feed together. They are almost all green except for 4 red knobs above the thorax and 1 yellow knob on the eighth abdominal segment. The caterpillar makes a cocoon within a leaf. The cocoon is firmly attached to the lower branches of the host plant. The Promethea Moth has 1 brood in the northern part of its range (which flies from June-July). It has 2 or more broods in the southern part of its range (which fly from March-May and again from July-August).

Here is a list of host plants that the caterpillars feed on:


FC Barcelona

Futbol Club Barcelona, commonly known as Barcelona or simply Barça, is a Spanish professional football club from Barcelona, Catalonia. They currently compete in ESL, the top european league. It was founded in 1899 by Joan Gamper as FC Barcelona. 

They are known for winning the treble (La Liga, the Copa Del Rey, and the UEFA Champions League) all in 1 season, twice, in the 2008-09 season and in the 2014-15 season. Their biggest rival is Real Madrid. Matches between F.C. Barcelona and Real Madrid are called "El Clásico", which means "The Classic" in Spanish. The team has won many tournaments, which is why Barcelona is considered one of the best teams in the world. Their home stadium, Camp Nou, is the largest stadium in Europe with a capacity of 99,354. 

Barcelona have won 97 official titles. They are the most successful club in Spain, with 75 titles. Those domestic titles are 31 Copa del Rey, 26 La Liga, 13 Supercopa de España, 3 , and two . Internationally, the club is also one of the most successful. It has won 22 official titles, including two , three , five UEFA Champions League, four UEFA Super Cup, four UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, and three FIFA Club World Cup. 

Barcelona is one of the three clubs that have never been relegated from the first division. The other ones are Athletic Bilbao and Real Madrid.

FC Barcelona was founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss, Spanish, English, and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper. The club won its first Copa del Rey in 1910, and their first league title in 1929. The club was forced to change their name in 1938 to Club de Futbol Barcelona and also had to remove the Catalan flag from the crest. This happened because of Italian rule. In 1957, the Camp Nou opened. In 1974, the club changed its name back to Futbol Club Barcelona and went back to using the original crest with the Catalan flag and the red and blue colors. Barcelona won their first UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1979 against Fortuna Düsseldorf, and won again three years later. A year later, in 1983, the club won their first Supercopa de España. The club won its first Champions League in 1992 against U.C. Sampdoria. In 1992, they also achieved a treble, winning their first UEFA Super Cup and the league title, along with the Champions League. From 1990 to 1994, Barcelona won four consecutive league titles with Johan Cruyff.

The club's main rival is Real Madrid, but it also has more rivalries. It has a local rivalry with RCD Espanyol, since both clubs are from the city of Barcelona. Matches between the two clubs are known as Derbi barceloní. Espanyol supporters used to see FC Barcelona as a foreign team because Espanyol were a Spanish club, unlike Barcelona. Barcelona has been very dominant because Espanyol has only been able to finish above Barcelona in the league on 3 occasions in 70 years. 






Negros Oriental

Negros Oriental, sometimes called Oriental Negros (East Negros), is a province in the Philippines. It is one of two provinces found on Negros Island. Dumaguete is the capital and largest city of the province.

Valencia, Negros Oriental

Valencia is a municipality in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines.

Silla

Silla was one of the kingdoms of ancient Korea. It existed from 57 BC to 935 and is famous as the longest sustained country in Korean history. 

Silla was founded by King Park Hyeokgeose in 57 BC, around Gyeongju in the southeast part of the Korean peninsula. Although Silla was founded earlier than Goguryeo and Baekje which coexisted with Silla during that time, it took more time for Silla to build firm government structure than those kingdoms. However, around the 6th century, by accepting Buddhism, Silla made its royal power stronger. Around the 7th century, Silla acquired the Han river area, which was the most important area in Korean history. Finally, Silla conquered Baekje in 660 and Goguryeo in 668, with the Tang Dynasty of China as an ally.

In the last stage of Silla, the king and noblemen indulged in extravagance, and it made people rebel. The later three kingdom period began as Gyeon Hwon founded a new country, later Baekje, succeeding the ancient Baekje, and Gung Ye built Taebong succeeding ancient Goguryeo. Silla could not withstand their growing force, and finally surrendered to Goryeo in 935 and collapsed.

Ahn Cheol-soo

Ahn Cheol-soo (born February 26, 1962) is a Korean businessman, doctor and professor. He is famous as the developer of the computer anti-virus software program, V3. He is the founder and CEO of the Ahn Lab. He is now a professor at Seoul National University.

Ahn was the People's Party nominee for the presidential election in 2017. He was most recently a founding co-leader of the People's Party alongside Chun Jung-bae.

Ahn Chul-soo was born in Pusan in 1962. He graduated from the medical school of Seoul National University. He went on to do graduate work in medical science at Seoul National University. He received a master's degree in medical school and he holds a doctorate in medicine.

During the course, he found a computer virus, one of the first viruses, called the Brain, on his floppy diskette. He started to analyze and develop the vaccine software program. He also uploaded the program, and wrote about it in the magazine "Microsoft", a technical magazine which covers computer programs. He upgraded the vaccine program and introduced the V2, V2 Plus to the public with adding the function which can cure the LBC and Jerusalem viruses. He finally introduced the V3 program, now a very important software program for Korean computer users.

He has been a chief of the Dankook University medical school. However, he decided to become a doctor of computers. He founded the Ahn Lab, a special venture business for developing computer vaccine programs. He also received an Executive MBA course in University of Pennsylvania, Wharton school. He completed the venture business course in Stanford University.


Just-World phenomenon

The Just-World phenomenon is when people think that because bad things happen to someone, they did something to deserve the bad things. The concept is a lot like Karma, except it is more like a popular superstition instead of a religious belief. The phenomenon also happens in reverse, with good things being deserved.


Chan Ho Park

Park Chan-Ho (, born June 29, 1973) is a South Korean professional baseball player.

In 2012, Park played for the Hanwha Eagles of Korea Baseball Organization.

He also played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Texas Rangers, San Diego Padres, New York Mets, Philadelphia Phillies, New York Yankees, and Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball. He was the first Korean to play baseball in the MLB in the USA.

Park was born in Gongju, in the province of Choong-cheong in 1973. He started playing baseball in elementary school. At first, he wanted to be an athlete but he had a more talent in baseball. Then he was called by the baseball coach of his elementary school. From then, he played baseball and he was famous for speed ball. Park was a member of the 1992 and 1993 South Korea national baseball team. He was a sophomore at Hanyang University, Seoul in 1994 when he was signed by the Los Angeles Dodgers as an amateur free agent.

As he was famous in the MLB, he was taken out for the Korean National Baseball team for the main pitcher in 2006 in World Baseball Classics. He once won 18 games in one year, was selected as an all-star player and made 100 wins in his own life three years ago.

In addition, he participated in the 18th Asian Games in Bang-Kok, getting the gold medal and the privilege of not having to serve in the military. This privilege originated from getting an award from the vice-premier in 1998. However he did not get any award in the MLB except for being selected as one of the all-star players in 2001.

He was selected in the 5th starter of LA Dodgers. At that time, there were many famous pitchers in the team - Ramon E. Martinez, Nomo Hideo and Pedro Julio Astacio Pura etc. The players were players in that period in the MLB. However, in the practice matches, he committed error by himself and then he was in trouble. Nevertheless, he displayed his abilities and potential to the coaches in the Dodgers. In a series of games, participated in the middle of the game, the results of the game was a record with no losing point during 2 innings. As a result of this kind of good game he was left in the major leagues.

He got his first win in April 7th 1996. The match was against Chicago Cubs, and he participated in the middle of the game. Then, he recorded no losing point during 4 innings, so that he got the first winning point. Then, he was selected as the fixed starter of LA Dodgers and then his annual salary was sharply increased. From then on, he was really famous as the Korean super pitcher in LA and all of United States. And he pitched the whole game first in 1997 and then in 1998 he got fifteen winnings and nine losses and in 1998 thirteen winnings and eleven losess.

During about ten seasons, he was really good at baseball. However, all sports players have more or less tough seasons. It means that the suffering was a stimulus for the players so that they were trying to recover the trial, but Park Chan-Ho was not an exception. He was traded into other teams - Texas Rangers, Sandiego Padres, New York Mets and Philadelphia Phillis. Then, he was in the minor leagues and, of course, his annual salary wasless. At last, he announced that he decided to resign as a player and to be a good coach.

He showed that Asian players can be MLB players and they can achieve their purpose. In addition to this, the players who are in the Korean leagues and the amateur players have a dream that they will be in the leagues. Then, the players are motivated by the different chances and they also contribute to develop economy of our society. And then, if they stop the players, they will become coaches in Korea, and then our chronic problem about the culture of sports players will have solutions.


Metro Cammell

The Metropolitan Cammell Carriage and Wagon Company (MCCW) (often called Metro Cammell) was a manufacturer of railway carriages and wagons. They were based in Saltley - and later Washwood Heath - in Birmingham, England. They are best known for making most of the trains on the London Underground and some first generation diesel multiple units, until they were sold to French company Alstom in 1989.


Ewha Girls' High School

Ewha Girls' High School was the first school for girls in Korea, and was called Ewha Hackdang at first. It is located in Jeong-dong, Jungu, Seoul, Korea. It was founded by Mary Scranton who came to Korea as a Christian missionary in 1885. This school opened in 1886 as a mission school, and the name "Ewha" was granted by Gojong, the 26th king of the Joseon dynasty. It literally means pear blossoms, but the internal meaning is "Be white, clear, innocent like pear blossoms". Ewha Girls' High School is one of the first private schools that are allowed to have autonomy, since 2010.

The most famous person who has graduated from this high school is Yu Kwan Soon. She was one of the leaders of a great independence movement called the "3.1 movement" while she was in school. At that time, Korea was under the domination of Japan, and the school had to close. Even though she was a young girl student, she resisted with great courage, and died in prison. Later, people praised her bravery, and she got the Order of Merit for National Foundation for effort on independence in 1962, and the Honor Ewha Girls' High School diploma in 1996.

The wife of Kim Dae Jung, the 15th president of Korea. She was the manager of Young Women's Christian Association of Korea. She was also the director of Korean National Council of Women.

They have the eight-story main hall, EWHA 100th Memorial Hall, and library building which was donated from Jeon In Hang. There are also a gymnasium, which is one of the largest in Korea, several tennis courts, and a huge play ground. A simson hall, the oldest building at Ewha Girls' High School, is registered as culture remains. 
The open-air theater, Yu Kwan soon memorial building, and Ewha church are famous. The 3.1 independence movement commemorative events are held in this memorial building annually.


André Segatti

André Segatti (born 15 May 1972) is a Brazilian actor and model. 



London Underground rolling stock

A wide variety of trains have been used on the London Underground. In the early days steam locomotive and carriages were used. Nowadays electric multiple units are used.

The following trains were used in London Underground.

Giorgi Latsabidze

Giorgi Latso (; born 15 April 1978, Tbilisi) is a Georgian-American virtuoso pianist and movie composer.

Latso started to play the piano as a boy and was giving concerts at the age of 10. He was given a presidential scholarship from the Georgian government to study in the Tbilisi Conservatorium. When he was 24, he won a DAAD scholarship to study music at the Hannover Hochschule in Germany and later continuied study at the Mozarteum in Salzburg. He later moved to Los Angeles to study with Stewart Gordon at the USC Thornton School of Music.

In 1998 he won the first prize in the Nikolai Rubinstein Competition in Paris, third prize in the Ennio Porrino Competition in Cagliari Italy and then, in 2005, he won first prize in the Yehudi Menuhin Federation Competition in Salzburg and in 2006 Young Artist International Piano Competition in Los Angeles.

His concert career has taken him worldwide across five continents – North America, Europe, Asia, South America and Africa.
He is known for his playing of the works of Frédéric Chopin, and Franz Liszt. He recorded 24 Etudes (Op.10; Op.25) of Chopin all 12 Transcendental Etudes of Liszt, 12 Preludes (Book II) of Debussy, 24 Preludes, Op.28 of Chopin; among others.

His concerts have been broadcast on radio and television in the USA, Europe, Asia and other countries. 
Latso was listed in the 65th edition of Who's Who in America, and Who's Who in American Art 2011.

He has taught at the University of Southern California, Azusa Pacific University, at Glendale Community College. 

Latso has recorded a CD of the entire piano-violin repertoire by composer Ignatz Waghalter for Naxos Records, with the London Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, violinist Irmina Trynkos and conductor Aelxander Walker. He made his performance debut at the acclaimed Wigmore Hall, London in 2010 and at Berliner Philharmonie concert hall in Berlin in 2012. 

In 2012, Latso got an invitation to Vatican City to perform for the Pope Benedict XVI. to perform a Mozart Concerto in C major (Elvira Madigan) K. 467 with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra in Santa Maria Maggiore Basilica in Rome. 


Divergent boundary

A divergent boundary, also known as a constructive boundary, is two or more plates that move apart from each other because of plate tectonics. When they move apart either water or magma fills the space. If it is magma, when it has cooled it then creates a new plate which then creates new land. Earthquakes along this plate boundary are relatively small

Trevor Linden

Trevor John Linden, OBC (born April 11, 1970, in Medicine Hat, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played centre and right wing with four different teams: the Vancouver Canucks (two different times), New York Islanders, Montreal Canadiens, and Washington Capitals. Before he joined the NHL in 1988, Linden helped the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League (WHL) win the Memorial Cup, the trophy for junior hockey teams in Canada, twice in a row. Linden also played for Canada at the 1998 Winter Olympics.

From 1990 until 1997 Linden was the captain of the Canucks. He helped the team reach the Stanley Cup Finals in 1994.


Vincent Price

Vincent Leonard Price Jr. (May 27, 1911 – October 25, 1993) was an American actor. He was well known for his voice and serious but comic attitude in a series of horror movies made in the later part of his career. Price was also an art collector and consultant, with a degree in art history, and lectured and wrote books on the subject. He was the founder of the Vincent Price Art Museum in California.

His career began in 1935. He starred in film noirs. He soon moved to star in horror movies. He would work with other known horror movie stars such as Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee. He received two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his works. Price narrated Michael Jackson's hit song "Thriller". Price also played the villain Egghead in the 1960s television series "Batman". He retired in 1993 shortly before his death.

Price was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at Yale University. He was married three times. His first two marriages both ended in divorce. His last marriage was to Caral Browne who died in 1991. 

Price died of lung cancer in Los Angeles at the age of 82. He was cremated and his ashes scattered off Point Dume in Malibu, California.


Framingham, Massachusetts

Framingham is a city in the U.S. State of Massachusetts.

John Oldman was the first European to set foot on the land that is now Framingham. In 1633 he led a group of explorers down a Native American trail called Old Connecticut Path that is now Framingham's oldest road. The first European settler was John Stone, who built a home on the west bank of the Sudbury River in 1647. Starting in 1693, families from Salem came to escape the Salem witch trials. They settled in an area of Framingham that is still called Salem's End today.

Framingham's original name was Danforth's Farm, named after Thomas Danforth, who owned the land. Danforth's family came to Massachusetts from Framlingham, England. The first petition to incorporate Framingham as a town was submitted to the General Court in 1693, and was denied because Thomas Danforth did not want Framingham to become a town. After Danforth died in 1699, the people made Framingham a town in 1700.

In 1706 the first schoolhouse was built. The first schoolmaster was Deacon Joshua Hemenway.

On February 12, 1775, British General Thomas Gage sent spies to Framingham. They reported that the Framingham minutemen were very strong and tough, so General Gage sent his troops to Lexington and Concord instead. But the Framingham minutemen marched over and helped the weaker minutemen from Lexington and Concord to fight the British. On April 18 to 19, 1775, two militia companies from Framingham, totaling about 130 men, fought in the Battle of Lexington and Concord. Only one of the men was wounded.

Today, Framingham is known for the Framingham Heart Study.

On April 4, 2017 residents of the Town of Framingham voted to become the City of Framingham in a 5,684 - 5,579 vote.

In the census of 2020, there were 72,362 people living in 27,555 houses.

Framingham's oldest public building is the First Baptist Church, designed by Sollaman Willard, a famous architect.

Framingham has three major business districts. The "Golden Triangle" was originally a three square-mile district on the eastern side of Framingham, bordered by Route 9, Route 30, and Speen Street in Natick. The area is one of the largest shopping districts in New England. The Golden Triangle has expanded since 1993 with construction of a BJ's Wholesale Club and a Super Stop & Shop just north of Route 30. Downtown Framingham is anchored by a town hall called the Memorial Building. An influx of Hispanic and Brazilian immigrants helped revitalize the district in the early 2000s. West Framingham is home to two of the town's seven auto dealerships. There are also several smaller business hubs in Framingham Center, Saxonville, Nobscot, and along the Route 9 Corridor. Framingham Center is the physical and historic center of town.

A dominating presence in education is Framingham State College.

The Framingham Peace and 9/11 Memorials are located across the street from Farm Pond.

Framingham's economy is mostly retail and office complexes. Breyers, Leggat McCall, The American Heart Association, and the American Cancer Society all have facilities in the area. The Dennison Manufacturing Company was founded here in 1844 as a jewelry and watch box manufacturing company by Aaron Lufkin Dennison.

Nobscot Mountain is a private facility owned by the Knox Trail Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Edward F. Loring Skating Arena is near Farm Pond, for area communities and is open to the public. Winch Park has a basketball court, a tennis court, and two large fields used for football, baseball, and lacrosse. Framingham's Country Club along Salem Rd. on the South Side is a private club that features an 18-hole course for golf.


Resonance

In physics, resonance is the tendency of a system to vibrate with increasing amplitudes at some frequencies of excitation. These are known as the system's "resonant frequencies" (or "resonance frequencies"). The resonator may have a "fundamental frequency," and any number of "harmonics".

An example of useful effect of resonant frequency is a guitar string which makes a characteristic noise when it is touched. The noise depends on how thick or slack the string is.

Another example can be seen in a playground swing. There is one specific rate at which you must push away a person on a swing to cause the swing to go high. This rate is the resonant frequency.

In earthquake engineering, on contrary, any possibility of a resonance is detrimental for the building structure.

The Kirkwood gap and other connections among orbits are caused by orbital resonance.


Satin bowerbird

The satin bowerbird ("Ptilonorhynchus violaceus") is a small Australian bird known for its ability to build a special area for attracting females. This bower is filled with blue objects to help attract a female. There are six bird species in the bowerbird genus, of which five build a some kind of courting area. The golden bowerbird sits on a bridge he has made between sticks decorated like maypoles.

The satin bowerbird lives in rainforests and on the edge of drier forests along the east coast of Australia. They can be found from Cooktown in the north to Melbourne in the south.

They are a small bird, about long and weighing about . The young males and females look the same, with grey to green, brown and dark brown feathers. The belly is coloured a pale brown to cream color, with dark olive to grey crescent shapes. When the male becomes sexually mature at about seven years old he grows black feathers, with a shiny blue-purple shine. The male also has bright blue eyes, and a blue beak which is yellow on the end.

The satin bowerbird builds a special area, called a bower, to attract a female. They return to the same area every year, where they clear a space about in diameter and then build the bower. In the centre is two lines of thin sticks or grass, carefully lined up to north and south. He can paint the walls with a mixture of his saliva and crushed berries which he brushes on with a stick. He then places a collection of coloured objects in the entrance to the bower. These are usually blue or yellow, and can include feathers, and even plastic or glass. The male stands outside the bower and sings and may pick up the objects to show them to the female. If she is pleased with the performance and the bower, she will enter the bower, followed by the male and they mate quickly. She will then fly off to begin building a nest. The male has nothing more to do with her.

Cecilia

Cecilia is a female name. Cecilia may also refer to:


Kokborok language

Kok-borok (also spelled "Kok Borok") is the native language of the Borok people in the disputed territory of the Tripura Division and its neighboring areas of Bangladesh and the Republic of India. The word Kok-borok is a compound of the words "kok", which means "language", and "borok", which literally means "nation", but is used to denote the Borok people. Thus Kok-borok means "the language of Borok" or "the language of the Borok people".

There are more than 950.000 people speaking Kokborok. Kokporok is an official language in India, in the Tripura division.

Koch language

The Koch languages are a small family of Sino-tibetan languages. There are spoken in Bangladesh, India, Myanmar and Tibet. About 35.000 people speak Koch, about 30.000 speak Rabha.

Pope Gregory XIII

Pope Gregory XIII (; 7 January 1502 – 10 April 1585), born Ugo Boncompagni, was the head of the Catholic Church from 13 May 1572 to his death in 1585. He is best known for commissioning and being the namesake for the Gregorian calendar, which remains the internationally accepted civil calendar to this date.

Ugo Boncompagni was born in 1502, in Bologna. 

Pope Paul IV appointed him Bishop of Viesti in 1558.

In 1564, he was made a cardinal by Pope Pius IV. 

Cardinal Boncompagni was elected Pope at age 70; and he chose to be called Gregory XIII.

Pope Gregory was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

He founded the Gregorian University in Rome.

In the last year of his life, Gregory received an embassy from Japan.

Pope Gregory is famous for his correction of mistakes in the Julian calendar. To accomplish the necessary changes, the Gregorian calendar skipped ten days between 4 October 1582 and 15 October 1582. 



George Augustine Taylor

George Augustine Taylor (August 1, 1872 – January 20, 1928) was an Australian artist, journalist, and inventor. He was the first person in Australia to fly a heavier-than-air craft.

Taylor was born at Sydney in 1872. He first became known as an artist, and was a member of the Sydney Bohemian set in the 1890s. He wrote about this part of his life in his book, "Those Were the Days", published in 1918. He drew for "The Bulletin", "Worker", "Sunday Times", "Referee", and "London Punch". Later he became interested in aviation and radio.Taylor was a member of the Dawn and Dusk Club, an group of bohemians and intellectuals that included the writer Henry Lawson. Taylor married his wife, Florence Mary Parsons in 1907.

On December 5, 1909, Taylor flew a glider for along Narrabeen beach. This was Australia's first manned flight. He had made the glider himself based on drawings by Lawrence Hargreave. The wooden framed glider had two wings, covered in calico, and a box kite tail. After his first flight, his wife Florence, flew the glider, and became the first Australian woman to fly an aircraft. During the day he became more confident and flew out over the sea, where the glider finally crashed.

Carmichael number

In number theory a Carmichael number is a composite positive integer formula_1, which satisfies the congruence formula_2 for all integers formula_3 which are relatively prime to formula_1. Being relatively prime means that they do not have common divisors, other than 1. Such numbers are named after Robert Carmichael. 

All prime numbers formula_5 satisfy formula_6 for all integers formula_3 which are relatively prime to formula_5. This has been proven by the famous mathematician Pierre de Fermat. In most cases if a number formula_1 is composite, it does not satisfy this congruence equation. So, there exist not so many Carmichael numbers. We can say that Carmichael numbers are composite numbers that behave a little bit like they would be a prime number. 

Richard Burton

Richard Walter Burton (10 November 1925 – 5 August 1984) was a Welsh stage and cinema actor. 

He appeared in more than 40 movies and received 7 Academy Award nominations. He was a recipient of BAFTA, Golden Globe and Tony Awards for Best Actor. In the mid-1960s, Burton went up into the ranks of the top box office stars and by the late 1960s, was the highest-paid actor in the world. Burton received fees of $1 million or more plus a share of the gross receipts.

Burton remains closely associated in the public consciousness with his second wife, actress Elizabeth Taylor. The couple's relationship was rarely out of the news.

Burton was born Richard Walter Jenkins in the village of Pontrhydyfen, Neath Port Talbot, Wales. He grew up in a working class and Welsh-speaking household. He was the twelfth of thirteen children of a Welsh coal miner. His mother died before he was two years old. He was raised by his much older sister and her husband. He took his surname from his guardian Philip Burton, a teacher who coached him until he won a scholarship to Oxford University at the age of eighteen.

Burton was a youngster when he made his London acting debut in the play "The Druid's Rest". After leaving military service in the air force in 1947, he established himself as a stage actor. He appeared with John Gielgud in "The Lady's Not for Burning". His movie career began in 1949 with "The Last Days of Dolwyn". 

In 1962, he replaced Stephen Boyd as Mark Anthony in the movie "Cleopatra" opposite Elizabeth Taylor. Their off-screen romance made tabloid headlines around the world. After divorcing their respective spouses, they married in 1964. They then appeared in 11 movies together. The two divorced in 1974. They then reconciled and remarried in 1975. They divorced again the following year.
Burton also appeared on Broadway in the musical "Camelot" and the play "Hamlet" directed by John Gielgud. He appeared on television in 1960 as Caliban in the Hallmark Hall of Fame production of "The Tempest" with Claire Bloom and Maurice Evans. He also appeared on "The Ed Sullivan Show" with Julie Andrews to sing "What Do the Simple Folk Do?" from "Camelot". This appearance boosted ticket sales for the stalled musical.

Burton married Sybil Williams in 1949, with whom he had two daughters. After his divorce from Elizabeth Taylor, he married Suzy Hunt in 1976. This marriage also ended in divorce. He then married Sally Hay in 1983. 

He was awarded the Commander of the British Empire (CBE) by Elizabeth II in 1970.

He died at his home in Céligny, Switzerland, on 5 August 1984, from a cerebral haemorrhage.



Maple Ridge, British Columbia

Maple Ridge is a District Municipality (area with several settlements). It is in British Columbia, Canada.

Maple Ridge was created on September 12, 1874. It is the sixth oldest community in British Columbia.

Maple Ridge is located in southern British Columbia. It is to the east of Vancouver.

Maple Ridge is on the north shore of the Fraser River.

Maple Ridge is a District Municipality. This means that there are several communities within the official borders of Maple Ridge. These communities are: Albion, East Haney, Hammond, Haney, Port Haney, Ruskin, Silver Valley, The Ridge, Thornhill, Webster's Corners, Whonnock, and Yennadon.


Club Atlético Belgrano

Club Atlético Belgrano is a football club that plays in Argentina.

Michael Clarke Duncan

Michael Clarke Duncan (December 10, 1957 – September 3, 2012) was an American actor who starred in movies and was a guest on television shows including: "Two and a Half Men", "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", "" and "Chuck".

Before he became an actor, Duncan was a bodyguard for celebrities including: LL Cool J, Jamie Foxx, Martin Lawrence, Will Smith and The Notorious B.I.G.. He quit because when his friend covered for him while watching Notorious B.I.G., Biggie died that night.

Duncan became friends with Bruce Willis while he was acting with him in the movie "Armageddon", This helped him get the role of "John Coffey" in "The Green Mile". After getting that role he became a breakout star. He played the Kingpin in the movie "Daredevil".

Duncan had a heart attack on July 13, 2012 and was rushed to the hospital. On September 3, 2012, his publicist quoted Duncan's former fiancée, Omarosa Manigault Newman as saying that Duncan had died that morning at the age of 54.

Children's Hearing

A Children's Hearing is a legal hearing for children in Scotland. It is part of the country's justice and welfare systems. It takes into account the fact that children who commit crimes need the same sort of care as those who are victims of an offence or neglect. Only if a child has committed a serious crime will they be sent for trial in a normal court. For most cases they are sent to a children's panel. A panel is made up of three adults, with at least one member of each gender. The child's parent or guardian and their social worker will also be present at a hearing. 

The hearing or meeting usually happens around a table. The panel members are given information and reports and the child's circumstances are fully discussed before the panel reaches their decision. It’s unlike a regular hearing because the child can speak at any time during the meeting.

A child may be sent to a children's hearing because they have committed a crime, because they have been neglected or because they have not been not attending school. Often, a children's reporter will refer a child to a panel. These reporters gather information on a child from teachers, social workers, or police and decide whether or not to refer them to a panel. A children's reporter will be made aware of a vulnerable child by a referral. A referral is a notification from anyone (neighbour, teacher, police) about a child they think needs legal intervention.

Panel members are very important in a child's life as they make many important decisions for the child. They are specially trained to deal with children and their families. At the end of the hearing they can decide to put a child in foster care, to send them to a children's home, residential school or secure accommodation, to tag them, or to keep the child with their parents and put them under the supervision of a social worker. However, the panel can not punish a child in any way: they can not inflict a fine upon the child or their parents.


Papilioninae

Papilioninae is a subfamily of butterflies. It belongs in the family Papilionidae, the swallowtail butterflies. The species are found worldwide.

The caterpillars feed on plants in the following families: Rosaceae, Apiaceae, Aristolochiaceae, Magnoliaceae, Lauraceae, and Annonaceae. Caterpillars that feed on Aristolochiaceae species become poisonous. When they become adults, they are still poisonous. Because of this, many butterflies in the families Papilionidae and Nymphalidae mimic Aristolochiaceae feeders.

Very few adult Papilioninae species migrate. They spend the winter as chrysailds.



Carmit Bachar

Carmit Bachar (born September 4, 1974) is an American singer, dancer and showgirl. She was a member of the Pussycat Dolls.

Lock (water transport)

A lock is a part of a navigable waterway system that makes a water "channel" deep enough for vessels to use. The lock controls pool depths, for example in a lock and dam system across a waterway. 

The lock is a place where boats that travel up or down a river or canal can be moved to the next higher or lower level. Locks are built in places where the level of the water in the river or canal suddenly changes. This may be because of a waterfall there, or because a dam or a weir has been built, or because some other thing is in the way. The lock is like a big chamber with gates at each end. They have lock gears which empty or fill the chamber with water. Locks help a river to be more easily navigable (easier for boats to travel up and down), or for canals to be built across country that is not level.

If a boat that is travelling downstream (in the same direction that the water is flowing) arrives at a lock, this is what happens:

If a boat that is travelling upstream (in the opposite direction to the water flow), the opposite happens:

The whole process of going through a lock may take about 15 to 20 minutes, depending on whether the boat has to wait. Some locks can take several boats at once, and the first one to enter may have to wait until other boats arrive.

Ahl-e Haqq

Ahl-e Haqq (Persian, translates to "people of truth") is a Kurdish religious movement. It is mainly rooted in Iraqi Kurdistan, as well as Lorestan and Kermanshah in Iran. Many members also live in the diaspora. In total, the followers are estimated to be around 1 million people.

The religion itself has elements of Shi'a Islam, Yazidi, and Alevism. Followers believe that their deity will be reincarnated seven times. The religion took the practice of Dhikr from Sufism. They also share common meals, and live together in a brotherly manner. Wladimir Fjodorowich Minorski was among the first to describe this religious community.

Trench foot

Trench foot or fat foot is a medical condition that is caused by keeping feet in the cold, in dirty places, or in water for a long time. Trench foot was a big problem in the trenches of World War I. Many of the soldiers fighting got this condition.

The soldiers found it difficult to cope with the swelling wearing their boots but after realised that they could not get the boot on again as the foot had swollen to twice its size. Many men who suffered from it ending up having their feet amputated because they could not deal with the pain.

This can be treated by rubbing it to cause friction and if it is kept warm it can heal itself.

Kutless

Kutless is a Christian rock band formed in 2000.

The band chose the name "Kutless" from a Bible verse, Romans 6:23. They chose this name because "[<nowiki></nowiki>Jesus<nowiki></nowiki>] took our cuts for us, leaving us 'Kutless.'"


Leah Remini

Leah Marie Remini (born June 15, 1970) is an American actress, best known for her role as Carrie Heffernan on the sitcom "The King Of Queens".

Bobby Allison

Robert Arthur Allison (born December 3, 1937) is an American retired Racecar driver. He was the 1983 NASCAR Winston Cup champion. He is on the list of the 50 greatest NASCAR drivers.

Big Joe Turner

Joseph Vernon "Big Joe" Turner (May 18, 1911 – November 24, 1985) was an American blues singer. His musicals styles were rhythm and blues, blues, jump blues, jazz and even early rock and roll. His strong voice was able to be heard in noisy venues.

Turner was born in Kansas City, Missouri on May 18, 1911.He first discovered his love for music by when he went to church. He began singing on street corners for money, quitting school at the age of fourteen to begin working in Kansas City's nightclubs, first as a cook, and later as a singing bartender. He became known eventually as "The Singing Barman", and worked in such venues as The Kingfish Club and The Sunset, where he and his piano playing partner Pete Johnson became resident performers.

Turner's career started in the late 1920s when he worked as bartender and singer in different Kansas City night clubs. In the early 1930s he met the piano player Pete Johnson and they started playing together. The partnership lasted till the late 1940s. Together they played in John Hammond's famous "From Spiritual to Swing" concert in 1938. There they met Meade Lux Lewis and Albert Ammons. The four often played in the Café Society and went on tour. In the 1940s he sang and recorded on the West coast. When singing with the Count Basie Big Band he was heard by the bosses of Atlantic Records and they signed with him. The time with Atlantic was Turner's most successful, having a lot of hit singles like "Honey Hush" and "T.V. Mama." But he is most famous as an early pioneer of rock and roll music in the 1950s although he was then in his 40s. 

One of his most famous songs during this time was called ""Shake, Rattle and Roll"" and has been recorded by many other famous musicians including: Bill Haley, Elvis Presley, Fats Domino and The Beatles. During the '70s and '80s, Turner recorded for Norman Granz's jazz-oriented Pablo label. He toured and recorded till his death in 1985.

On November 24, 1985, Turner died after having a heart attack in his Inglewood, California home. He was 74 years old.

In 1983 Turner was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame. Two years after his death Big Joe Turner was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


Tracks marked as † were million selling discs.
There are a lot of compilitions who gave an overview of his music:

James Dean

James Byron Dean (February 8, 1931 – September 30, 1955) was an American movie actor. He was best known for his part in a movie called "Rebel Without a Cause". He was in two other movies "East of Eden" and "Giant", both of which were huge successes. He got an Academy Award (Oscar) nomination after his death. He was the first person to get this nomination posthumously (after they died).

James Dean was born in 1931 in Marion, Indiana, United States. His parents were called Winton Dean and Mildred Wilson. Six years later, the family moved to California, and James went to school in Los Angeles. He was very close to his mother. She died of cancer when he was nine, and James went to live with his aunt and uncle in Fairmount, Indiana. In high school, he became interested in drama and car racing. After he graduated, he moved back to California to live with his father and stepmother. He attended Santa Monica College and UCLA, but left college in 1951 to become a professional actor. 

In an interview, Elizabeth Taylor told something which James Dean had said to her during their filming. After his mother’s death, when he was 11 years old, he was sexually harassed by a Protestant minister. This experience tortured him during all his whole childhood.

In 1955, Dean was killed in a road crash while driving his sports car to a race. He was buried in Fairmount, Indiana.

Greg Biffle

Gregory Jack Biffle (born December 23, 1969) is an American racecar driver who raced in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, Xfinity Series and Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. He drove for Roush Fenway Racing. He won championships in the Xfinity and Truck series and also won races in all three series.

List of Mario series characters

This is a list of characters in the "Mario" series.




Anna Moffo

Anna Moffo (June 27, 1932 - March 9, 2006) was an Italian American operatic soprano particularly associated with lyric-coloratura roles in Italian and French operas, she was admired as much for her vocal gifts as her great beauty and affecting stage presence.

Born in Wayne, Pennsylvania, to Italian parents, she first studied at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, with Eufemia Giannini-Gregory, and later at the Accademia di Santa Cecilia in Rome, Italy, with Mercedes Llopart and Luigi Ricci. 

She made her operatic debut in Spoleto, Italy, in 1955, as Norina in Donizetti's "Don Pasquale". Shortly after, she appeared in a television production of Puccini's "Madama Butterfly", which made her an overnight sensation throughout Italy. She quickly appeared in other television productions ("Falstaff", "La sonnambula", "Lucia di Lammermoor", "La figlia del reggimento", "La serva padrona") and was invited to sing at most of the major opera houses of Italy (Rome, Milan, Naples, Venice, Parma, etc.). As her reputation grew, she was invited to sing outside Italy, notably at the Aix-en-Provence Festival, the Salzburg Festival and the Vienna State Opera. 

She made her American debut at the Chicago Lyric Opera in 1957, as Mimi in "La bohème", opposite the great Swedish tenor Jussi Bjorling. Her Metropolitan Opera debut in New York took place on November 14, 1959, as Violetta in "La traviata", a part that quickly became her signature role. She sang at the Metropolitan Opera for seventeen seasons to great acclaim in roles such as Lucia ("Lucia di Lammermoor"), Gilda ("Rigoletto"), Mimi ("La bohème"), Marguerite ("Faust"), Juliet ("Romeo and Juliet"), Manon ("Manon"), the four heroines in "Les contes d'Hoffmann", etc. She also sang in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, etc., while making several appearances on American television. 

She pursued a successful international career as well, singing in Monte Carlo, London, Berlin, Stockholm, Mexico City, Buenos Aires, etc. She remained very popular in Italy and performed there often and hosted her own television program "The Anna Moffo Show" from 1960 to 1973. She also appeared in movie versions of opera such as "La traviata" (1968) and "Lucia di Lammermoor" (1971), directed by her husband Mario Lanfranchi, as well as a few non-operatic movies. 

Her career was cut short by vocal problems in the mid 1970s but she remained active in the opera world as a board member of the Metropolitan Opera Guild and by hosting galas and giving occasional masterclasses. Moffo died in New York City of a stroke after a decade long battle with breast cancer at the age of 73. She is remembered as one of the most glamourous opera stars of her era.

A versatile and prolific recording artist she left a vast discography including opera, operetta, musical, art songs, pop songs, lieder, etc.


Entrepreneur

An entrepreneur is a person who organizes a business to benefit from an opportunity, rather than working as an employee. Entrepreneurs play a key role in any economy. These are people who have the skills and initiative necessary to anticipate current and future needs and bring good new ideas to market. 

Entrepreneurs who are successful in taking on the risks of a startup are rewarded with profits, fame and continued growth opportunities. Those who fail suffer losses and become less important in the markets. Many fail, lose money, and close the business. The entrepreneur assumes the risks and rewards of the venture and is usually the sole proprietor, a partner or the owner of the majority of shares in an incorporated venture. As the main decision maker the entrepreneur monitors and controls the business activities.

According to Joseph Schumpeter (1883 - 1950) entrepreneurs regard profit as a standard for measuring achievement or success. He discovered that they:

Entrepreneurship is sometimes categorized among the factors of production, along with land/natural resources, labor and capital. An entrepreneur combines these to manufacture goods or provide services. He or she typically creates a business plan, hires labor, acquires resources and financing, and provides leadership and management for the business.

Entrepreneurs commonly face many obstacles when building their business. Given the riskiness of a new venture, the acquisition of capital funding is particularly challenging, and many entrepreneurs deal with it by bootstrapping.

While some entrepreneurs are lone players struggling to get small businesses off the ground on a shoestring, others take on partners armed with greater access to capital and other resources.

Economists have never had a consistent definition of "entrepreneur" (the word "entrepreneur" comes from the French verb "entreprendre", meaning "to undertake"). Though the concept of an entrepreneur existed and was known for centuries, the classical and neoclassical economists left entrepreneurs out of their formal models: 

They assumed that perfect information would be known to fully rational actors, leaving no room for risk-taking or discovery. It wasn't until the middle of the 20th century that economists seriously attempted to incorporate entrepreneurship into their models.

Three thinkers were central to the inclusion of entrepreneurs: Joseph Schumpeter, Frank Knight and Israel Kirzner. Schumpeter suggested that entrepreneurs – not just companies – were responsible for the creation of new things in the search of profit. Knight focused on entrepreneurs as the bearers of uncertainty and believed they were responsible for risk premiums in financial markets. Kirzner thought of entrepreneurship as a process that led to discovery.


QBasic

QBasic is a programming language made by Microsoft which was included with Windows 95 and MS-DOS. QBasic is a more limited version of QuickBasic, released in 1985. While today considered almost obsolete, it is still a popular language for beginners and especially for educational purposes.

An example Hello World program in QBasic:
PRINT "Hello, World!"

Scratch (programming language)

Scratch is a block-based visual programming language and vector/raster graphics editor for children designed to create things such as games, animations, art, and stories. It allows them to explore and experiment with the ideas of computer programming by using "blocks" that are put together to make simple code. There is also a discussion page with multiple forums mainly used for chatting and help with coding.

Although made for children 8-16, Scratch can be used to produce simple or complex programs. Some notable users who push the boundaries of what scratch can do include: Griffpatch, -Myths-, TimMcCool, Will_Wam, and World_Languages.

Scratch is translated into 40+ languages and is used in homes, schools, and after-school clubs in nearly every country in the world. Scratch is often used in teaching coding, computer science, and computational thinking. Teachers also use it as a tool across many other subjects, including math, science, history, geography, and art. The Scratch Team is an organization that helps maintain, manage, and help keep Scratch safe. They also do helpful tutorials for coding help and support. Scratch is free to use.

The area where the user can interact is called the "stage area". The "stage area" features all of the animations, graphics, drawings, and other visual features. The list of sprites on screen are placed below the stage area to show a list of sprites that are usable for the program. The stage is organized through x and y coordinates, with the center coordinate (0, 0) in the center of the stage. The stage is 480 pixels wide and 360 pixels tall, with a range between x=-240 to x=240 in width and a range between y=-180 and y=180 in height.

From left to right, in the upper left area of the screen, there is a "stage area", featuring the results (i.e., animations, turtle graphics, etc., everything either in small or normal size, full-screen also available) and all sprites thumbnails listed in the bottom area. The stage uses x and y coordinates, with 0,0 being the stage center. The stage is 480 pixels wide, and 360 pixels tall, x:240 being the far right, x:-240 being the far left, y:180 being the top, and y:-180 being the bottom.

Ponytail

A ponytail is a common hairstyle. It is a tied back section of hair on the scalp. It is held by a hair tie or clip, and hangs freely from that point. They are worn by people of any gender.

Volkswagen Passat

Volkswagen Passat is a car produced by Volkswagen in 1973. It entered its seventh generation in 2010.

The Volkswagen Passat Mk4 is the fourth generation of the Volkswagen Passat. The Mk4 replaced the Mk3 in 1993, and was replaced by the Mk5 in 1996.

The Volkswagen Passat Mk5 is the fifth generation of the Volkswagen Passat. The Mk5 replaced the Mk4 in 1996, and was replaced by the Mk6 in 2005.

The Volkswagen Passat Mk6 is the sixth generation of the Volkswagen Passat. The Mk6 replaced the Mk5 in 2005, and was replaced by the Mk7 in 2010.

The Volkswagen Passat Mk7 is the seventh generation of the Volkswagen Passat. The Mk7 replaced the Mk6 in 2010. This is the current generation of the Volkswagen Passat. 

Volkswagen Golf Variant

Volkswagen Golf Variant is a car produced by Volkswagen since 1993. It entered its fourth generation in 2009.









Northanger Abbey

Northanger Abbey was the first completed novel written by Jane Austen. It is a coming-of-age novel and a satire of Gothic novels. Even though "Northanger Abbey" the first of Austen's novels completed in full, it was published after Austen's death in 1817 with "Persuasion". 

A seventeen-year-old girl, Catherine Morland, travels with her rich relatives, Mr. and Mrs. Allen, to Bath in England. Innocent and inexperienced, Catherine Morland is a plump country girl with no friends in the city. At first, she is disappointed, because she does not have anyone to dance with at the ball. Then she meets an exciting gentleman, Mr. Tilney. She falls in love with him, but the next day, he has disappeared. She is upset and sad. Then she meets a flirtatious girl named Isabella. This makes her happier. She does not yet know all the evil intentions of her new friend.

Isabella introduces Catherine to the fun of reading gothic novels. But Catherine believes they are true. She does not understand the difference between reality and fiction. Then she is introduced to Isabella's brother John Thorpe, who finds himself falling in love with her. He thinks Catherine likes him too. Catherine then meets Henry Tilney again, and is introduced to Miss Eleanor Tilney, his sister. She is a sensible, intelligent lady, who is much different from Isabella. Catherine also meets Miss Tilney's father, General Tilney.

Isabella joyfully tells Catherine of her engagement to Catherine's brother, James Morland. Later, John Thorpe proposes to Catherine, but she does not realise he is asking her to marry him. Later, when Isabella tells her that John is in love with her, she is really surprised and says no immediately. Then Eleanor Tilney invites Catherine to Northanger Abbey. Catherine there learns that the gothic novels are wrong, and that Northanger Abbey is a perfectly normal place, and is not haunted.

Catherine listens to General Tilney's conversations, and suspiciously thinks that perhaps he has murdered his wife, because he avoids talking about her. She persuades Eleanor Tilney to take her to Mrs. Tilney's room, but when General Tilney comes, she rushes away in fear. Catherine later goes again, but this time is found by Henry Tilney. She accidentally reveals her suspicions to Henry, who does not get angry at her. Then, running to her room crying, she is worried that Mr. Tilney does not like her any more. Later, Eleanor Tilney takes her to an open stage coach to immediately go home. Catherine is frightened and surprised, and thinks it is all because of her mistaken thoughts of General Tilney and his wife. When she goes home, she is sullen and quiet.

Henry Tilney then visits her house and asks her to marry him, even though General Tilney said no. He explains that at first, John Thorpe, who had thought Catherine would marry him soon, had lied to General Tilney that she was rich. General Tilney then tries to make her marry Henry, but later met John Thorpe again, after Catherine had said she would not marry him. He angrily tells General Tilney another lie, that Catherine is penniless. General Tilney, horrified, rudely made Catherine go home. Catherine's parents say they have to wait until General Tilney says yes.

Finally, Eleanor marries a charming man who is very rich, and this makes the General so happy he says that Henry can marry Catherine. Later, he finds out Catherine is not as poor as he had thought, so he is even happier. At last, Catherine and Henry are married.


Lexeme

Lexeme is a term in linguistics. They are units of meaning, independent of any inflectional endings, or whether it is one word or several. "Come in" is a lexeme; so is "raining cats and dogs". The largest English dictionaries have about half a million lexemes. "The true figure is undoubtedly a great deal higher". 

In the English language, "run", "runs", "ran" and "running" are forms of the same lexeme, conventionally written as RUN.

A similar concept is the lemma (or citation form). It is the form of a lexeme which is chosen to represent the lexeme, for example, RUN instead of the other forms. Lemmas are used in dictionaries as the headwords. Other forms of a lexeme are usually listed later in the entry. So all headwords in a dictionary are lexemes.

A "lexicon" is made of lexemes.

Phoneme

Phonemes are the units of sound (speech) which distinguish one word from another in a particular language. In most varieties (accents and dialects) of spoken English there are about 23 consonantal phonemes and 21 vowel phonemes (altogether 44 phonemes), but only 26 letters in writing. To see all the phonemes in English, the IPA, has a unique letter for every phoneme, unlike the English alphabet. 

A good way to learn phonemes in a language is to learn minimal pairs. A minimal pair is a pair of different words that are different by only one sound. An example of this is "bit" and "bat". Even though only the vowel in each word is different, each word has a completely different meaning. Another example is "dip" and "tip", where both words have different meanings even though only the first consonant in each word is different.

History of the alphabet

The history of the alphabet goes back to a writing system for consonants. This was used for Semitic languages in the Levant in the 2nd millennium BC.

By 2700 BC, the ancient Egyptians had developed a set of some 22 hieroglyphs to represent the consonants of their language. A 23rd seems to have been for word-initial or word-final vowels. The first purely alphabetic script may have been developed around 2000 BC for Semitic workers in central Egypt.

Over the next 500 years, it spread north. All later alphabets around the world have either descended from it or been inspired by one of its descendants.

Jerzy Buzek

Jerzy Karol Buzek (born 3 July 1940 in Smilovice, Poland) is a Polish politician and scientist.

He was President of the European Parliament from 2009 to 2012. Between 1997 and 2001, he was the Prime Minister of Poland and a member of the Polish parliament.

Buzek attended the grammar school in Chorzów and got his Matura there. After successful exams, he went to the Technical University of Silesia. In Silesia, Jerzy Buzek studied chemistry and got a diploma in 1963.

In the years 1971 and 1972, he researched at the University of Cambridge in Great Britain.

During his studies and time spent in research, Buzek wrote about 200 patents and other papers.

During his time as the Prime Minister of Poland, his success was that Poland joined Nato in 1998. In 2004, he got elected to be a member of the European Parliament.

Buzek got Doctorates honoris causa from the University of Dortmund, the University of Seoul, the University of Isparta and also from the Technical Universities of Opole and Silesia.

Honorary degree

An honorary degree or a degree honoris causa (Latin: "for the sake of the honour") is an academic degree given by a university to a person who particularly deserves such an honour. It may be someone who has had nothing to do with that university. The person does not have to do any examination. It is purely an honour for whatever good work he or she has already done. Very often the honorary degree is a doctorate.

President of the European Parliament

The President of the European Parliament is the head of the European Parliament. He or she also represents the Parliament within the EU and internationally. The President has to sign that EU laws and the EU budget can become valid.

Presidents serve two-and-a-half-year terms. This time is normally divided between the two major political parties of the European Parliament. There have been twenty-eight Presidents, since the Parliament was created in 1952. Thirteen of whom have served since the first Parliamentary election in 1979. Two Presidents have been women and most have come from the older member states.

Luigi Cherubini

Luigi Cherubini (pronounce: "ke-roo-BEE-nee"), (born Florence, 8 or 14 Sep 1760; died Paris, 15 March 1842) was an Italian-born composer who spent most of his working life in France. He is famous for his operas as well as for his religious music. Beethoven thought that Cherubini was the greatest composer who was living at that time.

Cherubini was born in Florence. The exact date of his birth is not known. He was only six years old when his father taught him to play the harpsichord. He was a child prodigy. By the time he was thirteen, he had composed several religious works. In 1780, he was given a scholarship by the Grand Duke of Tuscany to study music in Bologna and Milan.

At first, Cherubini composed operas about serious stories (opera seria). He composed in the style of Italian composers of that time. Soon he felt he wanted to travel to learn other ways of composing. He went to London in 1785 and then to Paris where he met many important people including Marie Antoinette. He spent the rest of his life in France.

His opera "Démophon" was performed at the Grand Opéra in 1788. It helped to make him famous. He soon became director of the Théâtre de Monsieur in the Tuileries, and three years later he went to the Théâtre Feydeau. He started to try out many new ideas in his music. His opera "Lodoïska" (1791) was very popular for the way he showed heroism. His best-known work is "Médée" (1797). "Les deux journées" (1800) was also highly successful for a while.

The French Revolution affected Cherubini’s life. He tried not to show that he had been friendly with aristocrats before the revolution. Hoping to get government jobs, he wrote several patriotic works in order to please the revolutionary leaders. Later he was made Napoléon's director of music in Vienna (1805-1806), and he conducted some of his music there.

After he had written his opera "Les deux journées", audiences in Paris started to tire of Cherubini’s music. They wanted to hear younger composers such as Adrien Boieldieu. Cherubini found it difficult to get his stage works performed. Instead, he wrote church music. When France became a monarchy again he was appointed "surintendant de la musique du roi" (director of the king’s music). He kept this title until 1830 when there was another revolution.

In 1815 he briefly went again to London. There he was asked to compose a symphony, an overture and a work for chorus and orchestra. This helped to make him more famous outside France.

Cherubini's "Requiem in C-minor" (1816), which marked the anniversary of the execution of King Louis XVI of France, was a great success. Beethoven, Schumann and Brahms all liked it very much. In 1836, Cherubini wrote a "Requiem in D Minor", which he meant to be performed at his own funeral. It uses a male choir only, because the religious authorities had criticised the fact that he had written for ladies’ voices in his C-minor Requiem.

Cherubini produced some chamber music, including several string quartets and a quintet for two violins, viola and two cellos. He also wrote some piano sonatas.

In 1822, Cherubini became director of the Conservatoire. In 1835 he wrote a book called "Cours de contrepoint et de fugue".

There are several stories told by people who lived at that time, showing that Cherubini often became angry. Hector Berlioz tells an amusing story in his autobiography about how Cherubini, in a bad temper, chased him round and round the library.
But he also had many friends, including Rossini, Chopin and, especially, the painter Ingres. The two men had the same interests: Cherubini was a keen amateur painter and Ingres enjoyed practising the violin. In 1841, Ingres painted a well-known portrait of Cherubini.

During his life, Cherubini received the highest official honours, including "Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur" (1814) and "Membre de l'Académie des Beaux-Arts" (1815). In 1841, he was made "Commandeur de la Légion d'honneur," the first time a musician had been given that title.

Cherubini died in Paris at age of 81 and is buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery, just four metres from his friend Chopin.

During the first ten years of his life in Paris Cherubini concentrated on writing dramatic stage works. After 1800 things became more difficult for him in this field. Napoleon was ruling in France, and the two men did not like one another much. The audiences expected an Italian composer to write beautiful melodies rather than anything dramatic. The Feydeau Theatre, where he had enjoyed several triumphs, did not exist any more. Cherubini concentrated on his teaching at the Paris Conservatoire. Even after Napoleon had lost his power Cherubini left it to younger people, such as Rossini and Giacomo Meyerbeer, to compose operas. He preferred to write religious pieces.

By the end of the 19th century Cherubini’s music was almost forgotten, and he was only really remembered for his theoretical writing. During the late 20th century people became interested in his music again, and his religious compositions are sometimes performed. However, his operas do not belong to any popular tradition and are hardly ever staged now, although they contain much excellent music.


Mario Andretti

Mario Gabriele Andretti (born February 28, 1940) is a retired racecar driver. He won the 1969 Indianapolis 500, the 1978 Formula One championship and won the 1967 Daytona 500. He is called the most successful American racecar driver.

Maria Edgeworth

Maria Edgeworth was a novelist in the early nineteenth century.

Edgeworth was born in Oxfordshire in 1767 or 1768. She was the daughter of Richard Lovell Edgeworth and Anna Maria Edgeworth. When her father married again to his second wife, she went with him to Ireland. There, she helped her father and managed her father's land. Because of this, she became friends with lots of fashionable people and with Irish peasants. This was very useful to her later in writing her novels. At first she used to write for children, but in 1800 she published her first adults' novel, "Castle Rackrent". Lots of people liked "Castle Rackrent," which was an immediate success.

In 1798 her father married his fourth wife. For fifty-one years Maria had a very good friend in her stepmother.

In 1802 their family traveled to other countries. First they went to Brussels, then to a part of France. There Maria met a man named Count Edelcrantz. Maria's stepmother wrote in the book "Life and Letters," that Maria loved him very much. They came back home to Ireland in 1803 when the war began again, and Maria started writing again. Her father helped her with her writing, and corrected her books a lot. Maria published "Castle Rackrent" secretly.

Edgeworth helped Irish peasantry very much. She was short, and is said to be cheerful and lively. After she was ill for a few years she died at Edgeworthstone, in the arms of her stepmother, in 1849.


Sources
Other

Ubuntu Studio

Ubuntu Studio is an officially recognized derivative of the Ubuntu Linux distribution that focuses on audio, video and graphics production. The original version, based on Ubuntu 7.04, was released on May 10, 2007.

Faisal Alam

Faisal Alam is a gay Pakistani American who began the "Al-Fatiha Foundation", a group that is committed to helping further the cause of gay, lesbian, and transgender Muslims.

Alam came to the United States from Pakistan in 1987, when he was ten, and lived in Ellington, Connecticut. In 1997, after a marriage engagement to a Muslim girl did not work out, he began a Yahoo! group for LGBT Muslims which became popular fast. He started Al-Fatiha in 1998 and was the group's president until he stepped down in 2004.

Alam is also a member of the National Religious Leadership Roundtable and the LGBT Programme of Human Rights Watch.


Rick Rypien

Rick Joseph Rypien (May 16, 1984 – August 15, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He was a very tough player and used to play for the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL), who were the Canucks partner in the AHL. Rypien played four seasons with the Regina Pats, a junior team in the Western Hockey League (WHL) before going to the Moose in 2005. The following season he started playing for the Canucks. He has been injured a lot in the NHL and has missed many games because of that.

He signed a one-year, $700,000 contract with the Winnipeg Jets but he died before training camp. His body was found in his home on August 15, 2011 by police. His death was later confirmed to be a suicide Rypien had struggled with clinical depression throughout his career.

Centre (ice hockey)

Centre (center in the United States) is a position in ice hockey. A centre plays in the middle of the ice as one of three forwards. The centre is between the left wing and the right wing, and is the one who takes faceoffs. Because they are in the middle, the centre sometimes has to help the two defencemen when they need help. 

Glenda Jackson

Glenda May Jackson (9 May 1936 – 15 June 2023) was an English actress turned politician. She is best known for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth I in the BBC series "Elizabeth R" in 1971. She won the Triple Crown of Acting, meaning she was the winner of an Oscar, Emmy and Tony Awards.

Glenda Jackson studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. She began her acting career in 1957. She joined the Royal Shakespeare Company, where she remained for four years.

After a few bit parts in movies, she got her first major role in "Marat/Sade" in 1966. In 1969, she appeared in Ken Russell's movie version of D.H. Lawrence's novel "Women in Love". For this part, she won the Academy Award for best actress. The next year, she appeared in another Ken Russell's movie "The Music Lovers". 

Other notable movies have included; "Sunday Bloody Sunday" (1971), "Mary, Queen of Scots" (1971), "The Triple Echo" (1972), "A Touch of Class" (1973), which won her a second Academy Award for best actress, "The Romantic Englishwoman" (1975), "Hedda" (1975), "The Incredible Sarah" (1976), "Stevie" (1978), "Hopscotch" (1980) etc.

She also appeared to great acclaim on BBC television in "Elizabeth R", a six parts series on the life of Queen Elizabeth I of England, which is thought by many as the most scholarly version. 

Jackson retired from acting in 1992 and turned to politics. She entered the House of Commons as a Labour member of Parliament. She was married to Roy Hodges from 1958 to 1976, with whom she had a son, Daniel (born in 1969).

In August 2017, Burberry, a London-based luxury fashion house recruited Glenda Jackson to model the iconic trench and revealed the inspiration for its next London Fashion Week show.

On 15 June 2023, Jackson died at her home in Blackheath, London at the age of 87.


ZTE

ZTE Corporation, also known as ZTE (Chinese： 中兴通讯) (Zhong Xing Telecommunication Equipment Company Limited) is a publicly owned, Chinese business that designs and builds telecommunications equipment and systems.

The company is located in Shenzhen, and was started in 1985 ZTE offers a many telecommunications products that provide services, such as video on demand and streaming media to its customers, which are mainly people that provide telecommunications services.

In 1997, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and since December 2004 has been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It is included in the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index.

ZTE has 13 of its own R&D centers in China, USA, Sweden and Korea.

More than 10% of ZTE's annual income goes to R&D. The company has partnerships with large international companies such as: Intel, Microsoft, IBM, Alcatel, Qualcomm, Analog Devices, Accenture, Texas Instruments, Freescale, Agere Systems and ADI.

SuperCollider

SuperCollider is a programming language designed especially for sound and music. Artists and musicians use it to create pieces of music, or interactive sound sculptures, or other computer-based audio things.

Ryan Newman (racing driver)

Ryan Joseph Newman (born December 8, 1977) is an American racecar driver who drives the No. 51 Ford Mustang for Rick Ware Racing. Newman used to drive the No. 39 Chevrolet Impala for Stewart Haas Racing, and the No. 12 Dodge for Team Penske. Newman won the 2008 Daytona 500.

Cuboid

A cuboid is a 3D shape. cuboids have six faces. These faces form a convex polyhedron. The faces of the cuboid can be any quadrilateral. The most common cuboids are the rectangular cuboids. They are made from 6 rectangles that are placed at right angles to each other. A cuboid that uses all square faces is a cube. The cuboid can also be called a right rectangular prism.

The properties of a cuboid include:
The difference between a rectangle and a cuboid is that a rectangle is a 2D shape and a cuboid is a 3D shape.

A cube is a cuboid where all six faces have the same height and widths. Each face of a cube is a square. 

Where L= length, w= width and h= height:

Lucas Oil Stadium

Lucas Oil Stadium is in Indianapolis, Indiana and is the home of the Indianapolis Colts, an NFL team.
The stadium had its first game on August 24, 2008 when the Colts played the Buffalo Bills.

The stadium also hosted the 2015 final four between the Wisconsin Badgers and the previously unbeaten Kentucky Wildcats.

Lakas–CMD

Lakas–Christian–Muslim Democrats is a centrist political party in the Philippines. It is a member of Centrist Democrat International.


Sgt. Frog

Sgt. Frog, known in Japan as , is a manga series for the anime Keroro Gunso.

It parodies htf. Keroro is having a takeover of the planet pokopen (which refers to earth), he says "de arimasu", "sir yes sir", "si senor", "shi ye", and "akene rupo keyo", and also says "whoa, that's sweet!", Gunso is black with a yellow-and-orange shoshina mark. In the anime, Fuyuki, Momaka and Chiruyo (his 2 love interests) were 11-12 years old in season 1, 13 years old in season 2, and 14 years old in seasons 3-7, Natsumi, and Mustumi were 13-14 years old in season 1, 15 years old in season 2, and 16 years old in seasons 3-7, Angol Mois was 10 years old in season 1, 11-12 years old in season 2, and 13 years old in seasons 3-7, Koyuki (who's like Fuyuki) was 12-13 years old in season 1, 14 years old in season 2, and 15 years old in seasons 3-7.

Keroro (friend of Fuyuki)'s friends are Giroro, Tamama, Kururu, Dororo and Pururu. Fuyuki's other friends are Natsumi (Fuyuki's sister), Aki (Fuyuki's mother), Mutsumi, Koyuki, Chiruyo, Momoka (Momaka), and Mois. Mois's doppelganger and future daughter is Asami. In the Animax dub, Natsumi was voiced by Alexandra Levitch.

I Vow to Thee, My Country

I Vow to Thee, My Country is a British patriotic song created in 1921 when a poem by Sir Cecil Spring-Rice was set to music by Gustav Holst.

The lyrics come from a poem by Cecil Spring-Rice that he wrote in 1908 when he was working at the British Embassy in Stockholm, Sweden. At first called "Urbs Dei", or "The Two Fatherlands", the poem is about how a Christian owes his loyalties to both his homeland and the Kingdom of Heaven. The first verse, as written, had a very direct and heated patriotism that has become less popular since the First World War.

In 1912, Rice was sent to Washington, D.C. as the British ambassador to the United States of America. While serving as ambassador, he tried to get President Woodrow Wilson to give up on neutrality and join Britain and her Empire in the war against Germany. After America entered the war, Rice was called back to Britain. Shortly before he left the United States, in January 1918, he re-wrote and re-titled "Urbs Dei", after making big changes to the first verse to talk more about the huge losses that British soldiers were having in the war years.

The first verse talks about Great Britain, and mainly about those who died during the First World War. The end verse, that starts with the line "And there's another country", is talking about heaven. The final line of the end verse uses the Proverbs 3:17 as its base, which reads, "Her ways are of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace."

In 1921 Gustav Holst changed the music from a section of the song "Jupiter" from his suite "The Planets" to create a setting for the poem. The music was made a bit longer so that it would fit the last two lines of the first verse; the result is usually called the "Thaxted" (named after the village where Holst lived for many years). This was first performed in 1925 and became very common at Armistice memorial ceremonies.

Later on, Z. Randall Stroope would arrange a choir version of this song called "Homeland." He still used the "Jupiter" theme from the planets but also used two additional verses of his own to pay homage to his father who marched in the Bataan Death March.

The lyrics as usually sung without the middle verse because it is not suitable for modern use.

List of Toronto subway and RT stations

This is a list of all stations of the Toronto Transit Commission's subway and RT system. The Toronto subway and RT was the first subway system in Canada. The first subway line was built under Yonge Street. It opened in 1954 and it had 12 stations at first. After that, the subway station grew to become Canada's largest subway system. This is because it has the most stations. It is also the second busiest transit system in North America.

The subway and RT have four lines and it has of rail. There are 75 stations that are open and 39 more stations that are being built. Two light rail lines are being built. These are the Line 5 Eglinton and the Line 6 Finch West. They will be opening in 2021 and 2023. The two of these lines will have close to of rail.

 Shows the station is wheelchair accessible.
The listed services are in parts of the station you need to have paid to be in.

Also, the streetcar system has a single underground station with no subway connections: Queens Quay. It opened in 1990 and is wheelchair accessible. Exhibition Loop can also have station-like status during major events; at such times ticketing booths are used at its entrance, and thus its fence-enclosed streetcar platform becomes a fare-paid area.

Interac, American Express, MasterCard, Visa tell what method of payment of Metropass purchases only at Collection Booths. Tickets and tokens are cash only.
Most of the other services have signs displayed on their doors for payment methods.

The Perfect Fool

The Perfect Fool is an opera in one act with music written by the English composer Gustav Holst. Holst wrote the work over the time period from 1918 to 1922. The opera was first played at the Covent Garden Theatre, London on May 14, 1923. At the beginning, Holst had asked Clifford Bax to write the libretto, but Bax did not want to do so.

In the musical score, Holst made fun of the musical works of Verdi, Wagner's work "Parsifal" and Debussy. In the opera, the Fool's part is only one word long. One popular way of thinking of the opera's meaning is that the Princess symbolises the world of opera and the Fool is the British people.

The opera did not do well, and audiences thought that the opera did not make any sense. Although the opera was given a live BBC broadcast a year after it was first played, it is not often played today.


Comet Hale–Bopp

Comet Hale–Bopp (formerly called C/1995 O1) is the biggest and brightest comet that has come by Earth in the last century. It was called the Great Comet of 1997. It is probably the most-seen comet in history - even more than the famous Halley's comet.

Hale-Bopp was discovered by two astronomers, Alan Hale and Thomas Bopp. This is a long-period comet (it will not return to earth for a long time). It is so big that its coma (the steam burning off of it) is as big as the Sun. It didn't come close enough to the sun to cross Earth's orbital path, so we could not see a meteor shower from the dust trail.

Scientists found lots of organic chemicals in Hale-Bopp which they never saw before. It was also the first comet that had the gas argon in it.
It also has a sodium tail. See the picture on the left.

A person named Chuck Shramek saw a not very bright, "Saturn-like" thing following Hale-Bopp and called the Art Bell radio program and told them about it. Lots of people thought a UFO was following behind the comet, even though many astronomers, including Alan Hale, tried to tell them it was just a star..
A few months later, the Heaven's Gate cult said they had to join the alien spaceship by leaving their earthly bodies, and lots of people killed themselves.



Tech N9ne

Aaron Dontez Yates (born November 8, 1971 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American rapper better known by his stage name Tech N9ne (pronounced "tech nine"). 

He has been rapping since 2003 and has made 13 studio albums. He got his stage name from rapper Black Walt because of his fast rhyming style.

He is mainly a hip hop artist and also raps in the horrorcore genre of music.


Alex Wojciechowicz

Alexander Francis Wojciechowicz (born August 12, 1915 in South River, New Jersey - died July 13, 1992 in Forked River, New Jersey) was an American football Center who played for the Detroit Lions and the Philadelphia Eagles of the NFL. Wojciechowicz was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1968. Wojciechowicz was the Detroit Lions first pick in the 1938 NFL Draft.

Temerin

Temerin is a town and municipality in South Bačka District, Vojvodina, Serbia. The municipality of Temerin includes the towns of Temerin and Bački Jarak, and villages Sirig and Kamendin. In the 2002 census, the town of Temerin had a population of 19,143, and the municipality had a population of 28,201. Most of its inhabitants are Serbs, while the largest minority in the town and municipality are Hungarians.

Temerin is located in Pannonian plain, about 20 km north of Novi Sad, the seat of the district. It is first mentioned in 1332 in the receipt by the pope Then Temerin was part of Kingdom of Hungary. Ottomans conquered it 1526, after Battle of Mohacz. Temerin stayed in Ottoman possession until Great Turkish War at the end of 17th century, when it became part of Austrian Empire. After World War I Temerin became part of Yugoslavian state.

Beetlejuice

Beetlejuice can mean:


Philotheus Boehner

Philotheus Boehner (February 17, 1901 – May 22, 1955), who was born as Heinrich Boehner, was a member of the Franciscan order and a very well respected medieval scholar.

Philotheus Boehner was born as Heinrich Boehner on February 17, 1901, in Lichtenau, Westphalia. He joined the Franciscan Order in 1920, and was given the new name "Philotheus", which is the Latin form of the Greek "Philotheos", and means "friend of God". In 1927 he became a priest, but he was very ill with tuberculosis and not expected to live much longer. While resting to try and get better from being sick, he started to translate Étienne Gilson's work on Saint Bonaventura. In the 1930s, he and Gilson became close friends.

Selena Gomez

Selena Marie Gomez ( ; born July 22, 1992) is an American singer and actress.

Selena Marie Gomez was born on July 22, 1992 in Grand Prairie, Texas, United States of America.Her parents divorced when she was five years old with Selena Gomez staying with her mother. Gomez had a close relationship with her grandparents as a child, who said that they "raised her" up until she found success in the entertainment industry. She appeared in various pageants while she was growing up.

Selena Gomez has two siblings. Her sister, Gracie Elliot Teefey, was born to Amanda and Brian Teefey on June 12, 2013. Gomez has a second sister, Victoria Gomez, born to Ricardo and Sarah Gomez on June 25, 2014. She earned a high school diploma through homeschooling in May 2010.

When she was 7, Gomez was first featured on the children's television series "Barney & Friends" – where she befriended fellow child star and singer Demi Lovato – in the early 2000s. In 2007, she came to prominence after being cast in the Disney Channel television series "Wizards of Waverly Place". She portrayed the starring character, Alex Russo, until its conclusion in 2012. Gomez entered the film industry with star billings in feature films including "Ramona and Beezus" (2010), "Monte Carlo" (2011), "Hotel Transylvania" (2012), "The Big Short" (2015), "The Fundamentals of Caring" (2016), "Neighbors 2" (2016), and "In Dubious Battle" (2016) "The Voyage of Doctor Dolittle" (2019). In 2021, she starred in the hit television comedy crime show "Only Murders in the Building".

Gomez formed her band Selena Gomez & the Scene after signing a recording contract with Hollywood Records in 2008; they released the studio albums "Kiss & Tell" (2009), "A Year Without Rain" (2010), and "When the Sun Goes Down" (2011) before beginning a hiatus in 2012. The band was known for singles such as "Naturally", "Round & Round", "Who Says", and "Love You like a Love Song".

In July 2013, Gomez released her solo debut album "Stars Dance" (2013). It featured the top-ten single "Come & Get It" and another single, "Slow Down". A greatest-hits album, "For You", was released on November 24, 2014, and included the single "The Heart Wants What It Wants". Gomez released her second solo album "Revival" in 2015, featuring the top-ten singles "Good for You" (featuring rapper A$AP Rocky) and "Hands to Myself". In 2017, she released a single with rapper Gucci Mane called "Fetish". In 2020 Selena released her newest album "Rare." That included songs like "Lose You To Love Me" and "Look At Her Now", both released in 2019.

Gomez was revealed to be an executive producer of the second season of the Netflix drama series, "13 Reasons Why". She released a song for its soundtrack, called "Back to You".

Gomez was in an on-and-off relationship with Canadian singer Justin Bieber from 2011 until 2017.

In 2017, she was in a relationship with Canadian singer-songwriter The Weeknd. They split that October.

In early January 2014, it was reported that Gomez had been battling lupus, an autoimmune disease that can cause facial swelling, fatigue, headaches, and joint pain for more than two years. Gomez required a kidney transplant as a result of her lupus diagnosis. Her close friend, actress Francia Raisa, donated her own kidney to Gomez in summer 2017. After the transplant, one of Gomez' arteries flipped inside of her, which required emergency surgery.Then, she went to rehab in 2018. Selena was diagnosed with Lupus in 2014.

Outside of acting and music, Gomez has served as a spokesperson for Borden Milk, appearing in the organization's advertising campaign and print ads. She also worked on a campaign that encouraged teenagers to learn more about the 2008 presidential candidates. A longtime supporter of UNICEF, Gomez became one of the organization's ambassadors in 2009 and works to help the world's children through her C.A.N. (Charity, Action, Now) initiative.

In 2020, Selena Gomez launched her own makeup line, "Rare Beauty".


Nudibranch

Nudibranchs are a widespread and successful group of marine Gastropod molluscs. The name means 'naked gills'. They are shelless and uncoiled Gastropods, famous for their very brilliant colours. There are more than 3000 known species.

Nudibranchs are one of the groups which are informally known as sea slugs. This is a term which includes other Gastropod groups which look similar to nudibranchs. Sea slugs is an informal term; it is not a monophyletic group.

The body forms of nudibranchs vary greatly. They are "opisthobranchs", a clade which shed their shells after the larval stage. 

Unlike most other gastropods they are "bilaterally symmetrical". They have undergone secondary detorsion. Most species have venomous appendages on their sides. These are used to deter predators. Many also have a simple gut and a mouth with a radula.

Unusually for molluscs, they lack a mantle cavity. Nudibranchs are hermaphrodite, and thus have a set of reproductive organs for both sexes, but they rarely fertilize themselves.

Most nudibranchs are carnivorous. Some feed on sponges, others on polyps, others on bryozoans, and some eat other sea slugs, or, on some occasions, members of their own species. Other groups feed on tunicates, barnacles, or anemones.

The surface dwelling nudibranch, "Glaucus atlanticus" is a specialist predator of jellyfish, such as the Portuguese Man o' War. This predatory mollusc sucks air into its stomach to keep it afloat and using its muscular foot it clings to the surface film. If it finds a small victim "Glaucus" simply envelops it with its large mouth, but if the prey is a larger siphonophore the mollusc nibbles off its fishing tentacles, the ones carrying the most potent nematocysts. Like some others of its kind "Glaucus" does not digest the nematocysts; instead, it uses them to defend itself by passing them from its gut to the surface of its skin.

Among this group can be found the most colourful creatures on earth. In the course of evolution, sea slugs have lost their shell, and have developed other defence mechanisms. Their anatomy may resemble the texture and color of the surrounding plants, giving them camouflage ("crypsis"). Many have an intense and bright colouring, which warns that they are distasteful or poisonous (Warning coloration).

Nudibranchs that feed on hydroids can store the hydroids' nematocysts (stinging cells) in the dorsal body wall. The nematocysts wander through the alimentary canal without harming the nudibranch. Then, the cells are brought to specific places on the creature's hind body. Nudibranches can protect themselves from the hydroids and their nematocysts. It is not yet clear how, but special cells with large vacuoles probably play an important role. They can also take in plants' chloroplasts (plant cell organelles used for photosynthesis) and use them to make food for themselves.

Another method of protection is the release of a sour liquid from the skin. Once the specimen is physically irritated or touched by another creature, it will release the slime automatically.

The taxonomy of the Nudibranchia is still under investigation.
Meanwhile, the nudibranchs are commonly divided into two main types, "dorid" nudibranchs and "aeolid" or "eolid" nudibranchs: 

Sea slug

Sea slug is an informal name for a group of gastropods which look similar, but are not monophyletic. They are polyphyletic. Their similar shape and life styles is an example of convergent evolution. The group includes:


It would seem that their similar growth pattern, with the loss of torsion, bilateral symmetry, reduction of the Gastropod shell, and somewhat similar life styles, evolved a number of times in the Gastropods.

Anatole France

' (; born ', ; 16 April 1844 – 12 October 1924) was a French poet, critic, and novelist. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1921. He was a member of the "Académie française".

Anatole France was a son of a bookseller. He studied at the "Collège Stanislas". He got married in 1877 but he get divorced in 1892. He was librarian for the "French Senate" in 1876 - 1890.

Anatole France start his career as a parnassianism poet. Later he became an impressionist and he was an atheist. From 1867 he was a journalist. In 1881 he became famous with the novel "Le Crime de Sylvestre Bonnard, membre de l'Institut". It's about an old scholar Sylvester Bonnard, Bonnard wants to make good, but he commits a crime. This novel won France a prize from the "French Academy". In 1893 he captured the atmosphere of the fin de siècle in "Les Opinions de Jérôme Coignard".

France took a part in the "Dreyfus Affair". He signed Émile Zola's manifesto supporting Dreyfus. Alfred Dreyfus was a French artillery officer and he was charged with high treason. In 1901 France wrote "Monsieur Bergeret" about this affair. He stood out against colonialism.

In 1921 he was awarded the Nobel Prize. He died in 1924 and he is buried near Paris in the "Neuilly-sur-Seine community cemetery".









Hurricane David

Hurricane David was the strongest and deadliest hurricane of the 1979 Atlantic hurricane season, but not the costliest. This hurricane caused a lot of damage as it slammed into Dominican Republic as a category 5 hurricane and was it struck Florida as a category 2 hurricane. Hurricane David killed 2,068 and caused over $1.5 billion in damage. 

Because it killed so many people in Dominican Republic, the name David was retired. This was the first male name retired in the Atlantic Ocean. Meaning, David will never be used as a name of a storm in the Atlantic Ocean. The name Danny replaced it in 1985, 1991, 1997, 2003, and 2009. The name Danny is also on the list in 2015. Hurricane David was a very strong hurricane killing many. 

Scaphopoda

Scaphopoda, which are called tusk shells in English is a class of marine molluscs. The name of the class can be translated as shovel-footed. These animals vary in size, most are small though. These animals usually do not live in the tidal zone, they dig themselves into muddy or sandy ocean floors, up to a depth of about 700m. There are about 500 recent species. Fossils of over 900 species have been described. As of 2009, it is unclear how many of these descriptions are valid species. 

These species live in an elongated tube, which is open on both ends, but which can be closed on one end. The animal lives inside the tube, and is attached to it. Scaphopoda do reproduce sexually.

Michael Polakovs

Michael Polakovs, known in America as Coco the Clown, (born Riga, Latvia 23 February 1923; died USA, 6 December 2009) was a famous clown. His father was known as Coco the Clown in Britain. Michael played the part of Coco the Clown in America. He was also known for being Ronald McDonald, the clown who publicized McDonald’s fast food chain.

Michael Polakovs was born in Riga. His parents Nikolai and Valentina were both circus artists. Nikolai was known as Coco the Clown. He was working in Breslau in Germany when Willy Schumann, the circus director, saw him and persuaded him to go to Britain.

The family moved to Britain where his father found work in Bertram Mills circus. Michael was the eldest of six children. By the time he was 17 he was working as a clown called “Coconut”. Then World War II started and he and his father had to work digging roads and laying gas pipes. They earned £2 16s 6d a week (just over £2.82 in modern money). Then he became a driver for the government. He also managed to do some work as a clown in Blackpool Tower Circus and Tom Arnold’s circus.

When Bertram Mills opened his circus again after the war the Polakovs family were all working for him. He was particularly good at stilt-walking. One one occasion he saved the life of a lion tamer who was being attacked by a lion.

In 1951 he went with a brother and a sister to work for Billy Smart’s circus. The brother married Billy Smart’s daughter.

In 1958 Michael decided to go to the United States. There he became known as Coco the Clown. He worked for the Ringling Brother’s Barnum & Bailey Circus, known as “The Greatest Show on Earth”. Later he worked for other circuses. He started the popularity of the character Ronald McDonald, advertising for the fast food chain. He designed Ronald’s clothes and make-up and appeared in the first eight of his television commercials.

Later he settled with his second wife in Kentucky. He had four children by his first wife and two children by his second wife.

He died aged 86 in 2009.


Coco the Clown

Coco the Clown (or Theo de Kovel) is a clown character who is very famous in Britain and later became famous in America. Coco was not a whiteface clown but an auguste.This type of clown is supposed to be a bit stupid, so he gets teased by another clown who is supposed to be much cleverer. Coco always gets buckets of water thrown at him or custard pies in his face. 

Theo de Kovel (or Polakovs) (1900–74) made the character of Coco the Clown famous. Later his son Elwin de Beer (1923-2009) made him famous in the Netherlands

After retiring from the circus, Nicolai Poliakoff toured schools in the UK as Coco promoting road safety. He had a walking stick in the shape of a Bolesha Beacon. For this work he was awarded the OBE by the Queen.

Pipo de Clown

Pipo de Clown (English: Pipo the Clown) is a clown who became very popular on Dutch television. The character was created by Wim Meuldijk. The actor who took the part of Pipo de Clown was Cor Witschge (1925-1991). The television series started in 1958 and was shown until 1980.

In the television programmes Pipo lives with his wife Mamaloe (pronounce: "Mamaloo") and their daughter Petra in a gypsy-style caravan. They say that they travel all over the world.

Recently new films have been made about Pipo de Clown.

Here are some of Pipo's famous sayings:


Coronel Fabriciano

Coronel Fabriciano is a Brazilian city in the Vale do Aço metropolitan area, state of Minas Gerais. It is in the region of Vale do Rio Doce and is 200 km from the state capital. The municipal population was estimated in 2020 by IBGE in 110,290 inhabitants, with an area of 221.252 km².

The city was founded in December 27, 1948. The devolviment of the municipality is due to the large companies in the region, such as Aperam South America (old Acesita) and Usiminas, whose industries were in Coronel Fabriciano at they time they were constructed. But in 1964, Fabriciano lost the industrial areas, due to the emancipation of Timóteo and Ipatinga.

It is limited with Ipatinga, Timóteo, Ferros, Joanésia, Antônio Dias and Mesquita.


Axillary bud

An axillary bud is an embryonic shoot which is between the stem and petiole of a plant.

Robert Lang

Robert Lang (born December 19, 1970 in Teplice, CS) is a Czech retired ice hockey centre. He played a career total of 18 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Los Angeles Kings, Boston Bruins, Pittsburgh Penguins, Washington Capitals, Detroit Red Wings, Chicago Blackhawks, Montreal Canadiens, and the Phoenix Coyotes. In 2004, Lang won a Golden Hockey Stick for being the best Czech hockey player.


Joel Quenneville

Joel Norman Quenneville (born September 15, 1958 in Windsor, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player and coach. He coached in the National Hockey League (NHL). He was the head coach for the St. Louis Blues from 1996 to 2004, the Colorado Avalanche from 2005 to 2008, the Chicago Blackhawks from 2008 to 2018, and the Florida Panthers from 2019 to 2021. He won the 3 Stanley Cups with the Blackhawks in 2010, 2013 and 2015.

On October 27, 2021, Quenneville stepped down as head coach of the Panthers after meeting with NHL commissioner Gary Bettman. Quenneville was removed from the NHL because of his involvement with the Blackhawks scandal. He will need permission from the NHL if he wants another job in the league.


Three Cups of Tea

Three Cups of Tea is a book co-written by Greg Mortenson and David Oliver Relin. It follows Mr. Mortenson's journey to founding his organisation, the Central Asia Institute (CAI), which builds schools and other facilities for children, especially girls, in Pakistan and Afghanistan.

Aragonese

Aragonese might mean:


Vladimir Teplyakov

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Teplyakov () (November 6, 1925 – December 10, 2009) was a Russian physicist who is best known for his work with particle accelerators. He, working with his friend I.M. Kapchinsky, created the Radio Frequency Quadrupole (RFQ) principle, which was very important dealing with the speed of low energy ion beams.

Teplyakov was born in the USSR on November 6, 1925. He was made to join the Red Army in January 1943 and fought in the Second World War on the Ukrainian front. After the war ended, he went to and graduated from the All-Union Correspondence Polytechnic Institute in Moscow. After leaving school, he began work at the Institute of Chemical Physics. From 1959-1966, he worked at Chelyabinsk-70, where he kept up his study of high-current proton accelerators. In 1966, he and several of the people that he worked with were moved to the Institute of High Energy Physics in Protvino, Russia.




Donovan McNabb

Donovan McNabb (born November 25, 1976 in Chicago, Illinois) is a retired American football player. He played as a quarterback in the National Football League. He played college football for Syracuse.

McNabb was picked by the Philadelphia Eagles with the second pick in the first round of the 1999 NFL Draft. With the Eagles, McNabb played fairly well. There was some controversy about his work ethic and wide receiver Terrell Owens. The Eagles made the NFC Championship game six times and the Super Bowl once. However, McNabb struggled very badly after leaving the Eagles. He later played for the Washington Redskins and the Minnesota Vikings. He retired in 2011. McNabb wore #5 throughout his career.

Fall to Pieces

"Fall to Pieces" is a song by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne, and was the fifth and last single from her second album, Under My Skin; it was the fourth single in the United States. The song was produced and written by Avril Lavigne and Raine Maida. It was Lavigne's least liked song in the U.S., but was very well liked in Canada. There is no music video for this single, because the shoot for the video was cancelled.



"Fall to Pieces" was not put out in the United Kingdom, but it made it all the way to number seven on the Canadian BDS Airplay Chart, her third successful single in Canada after "Nobody's Home" and "Don't Tell Me". It made it all the way to number sixteen in South Africa. Lavigne did not advertise the single, and because of this it failed to chart on U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100; it made it all the way to number six on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, and at number fifty-five on the "Billboard" Pop 100; However without video the single played a lot in radios all over US, Canada and Latin America .

Moritz Wagner

Moritz Wagner (Bayreuth, 3 October 1813 – Munich, 31 May 1887) was a German explorer, collector, geographer and naturalist.

Wagner devoted three years (1836–1839) to the exploration of Algiers. It was there that he made an important discovery in natural history, which he later developed.

His idea, first based on a study of flightless beetles, was that geographical isolation could play a key role in speciation. Although at first rejected, this idea turned out to be important in the theory of evolution.

From 1852–1855, together with a companion, Wagner travelled through North and Central America and the Caribbean. In May 1843, Wagner toured the Lake Sevan region of Armenia. In his old age he committed suicide in Munich, aged 73. His brother Rudolf was a physiologist and anatomist.

Wagner's early career was as a geographer, and he published a number of geographical books about North Africa, the Middle East, and tropical America.

He was also a keen naturalist and collector, and it is for this work he is best known among biologists. Ernst Mayr, the evolutionist and historian of biology, has given an account of Wagner's significance.

During his three years in Algeria, Wagner studied (amongst other activities) the flightless beetles "Pimelia" and "Melasoma". Each genus is split into a number of species, each of which is confined to a stretch of the north coast between rivers which descend from the Atlas mountains to the Mediterranean. As soon as one crosses a river, a different but closely related species appears.

Wagner was able to make similar observations in the Caucasus and in the Andean valleys, leading him to conclude, after the "Origin of Species" had been published:

This was an early description of a process of geographical speciation. Another formulation of this idea came later: "Organisms which never leave their ancient area of distribution will never change". This cannot be literally true, and is an overstatement of his idea.

The fate of this idea was unhappy. "Unfortunately, Wagner combined [his idea] with some peculiar ideas on variation and selection" (Mayr). The leading evolutionists (Darwin, Wallace, Weismann) attacked Wagner's idea of geographic speciation, and it suffered a long decline. However, in 1942 it was reintroduced by Mayr, and the importance of geographic speciation became one of the core ideas of the evolutionary synthesis.

Modern experts such as Ernst Mayr, Jerry Coyne & Allen Orr, agree that Wagner first identified geographical speciation. However, his "migration theory" was based on a rather simple, Lamarckian idea of evolution. Wagner argued in letters to Darwin that he had missed a vital geographic component in understanding the evolution of new species. Darwin at first responded in a friendly way to these letters, and agreed that geographic isolation was important (although not the only mode of speciation). Later, he found Wagner's increasingly hysterical tone and one-sided argument upsetting, and wrote across his copy of Wagner's 1875 paper "most wretched rubbish," partly because Wagner ignored the importance of natural selection, and lifted parts of Darwin's theory that he liked without attribution, all the while claiming that Darwin's views were incorrect.

As well as Darwin, the Reverend J.T. Gulick also found Wagner's theories overstated., but in a later paper Gulick says that "Moritz Wagner, in his "Law of the Migration of Organisms", was the first to insist on the importance of geographical isolation as a factor in evolution, but when he asserted that, without geographical isolation, natural selection could have no effect in producing new species, he went beyond what could be sustained by facts".

Ernst Mayr's formulation cleared up the issues which Wagner had left unresoved: "A new species develops if a population which has become isolated from its parental species acquires during this period of isolation characters which promote or guarantee isolation when the external barriers break down". The zoological taxonomist Bernhard Rensch was also significant in keeping geographical speciation on the evolutionary menu. He identified geographical separation as the most frequent initial step towards "kladogenesis" (species splitting).

The importance of Wagner's insight is undeniable today. It was obscured for many years by his other, mistaken, ideas, but it was a genuine natural history insight gained by observation of insects in their natural habitats.



Africanized bee

Africanized honeybees are an artificial man-made hybrid of the European honeybee and African bees. They are more dangerous and defensive than regular honeybees. Because of this, some people call them 'killer bees'.

Africanized honeybees are much more protective of their beehive and more likely to sting. When one of them is surprised or scared, they all attack together and sting the same animal or person with hundreds of stings. Actually, their sting is the same as a regular honeybee's, but because they sting all together, they are much more dangerous. They usually chase their target much farther than regular honeybees, and they stay angry and ready to fight for a longer time. They have many more "guard" bees than regular honeybees. 

In 1956, scientists brought African and European bees to Brazil, to see if they could mate them. They wanted to do this to make a bee that would make more honey in a hotter place. Scientists called these new bees ""Africanized honeybees"". These bees, however, were very different from regular honeybees. They would suddenly leave the colony and build a hive somewhere else. Scientists found out that the queen would decide to leave after a few months, usually taking half the colony with her. They could even take over European hives by killing the European queen bee and making their own queen bee the "queen". 
Because of the queen's strange behavior of leaving the hive and starting new colonies, Africanized honeybees spread out quickly from Brazil. They have moved towards the north so that they have spread through most of South America, Mexico, and the south parts of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California. Scientists are not sure how far they will spread. Some think they cannot go much more towards the north, because they do not survive well in really cold winters or extremely dry summers. 

Those Africanized bees which have travelled southwards have become much tamer and are well suitable for beekeeping and making honey. The re-domesticated Africanized honeybee is usually the choice of South American beekeepers because it will produce much more honey than the ordinary honeybees. The honey production from a single hive of Africanized honey bees can be 100 kg annually and far exceeds the much smaller 3–5 kg of the various "Melipona" stingless bee species. Thus economic pressures are forcing beekeepers to switch from the traditional stingless bees of their ancestors to the new reality of the Africanized honey bee.



Ipatinga

Ipatinga is a Brazilian city in the Vale do Aço metropolitan area, state of Minas Gerais. Its population in 2009 was 244.508 inhabitants. Its area is . The city was founded in April 29, 1964.

It's limited with Caratinga, Coronel Fabriciano, Mesquita, Santana do Paraíso and Timóteo.


Timóteo

Timóteo is a city in Brazil. It is in the Vale do Aço metropolitan area in the state of Minas Gerais. In 2009, 79,813 people lived there. The city has an area of . The city was founded in April 29, 1964.

Timóteo is ArcelorMittal Timóteo headquarters, a company of the group ArcelorMittal.

It is limited with the municipal districts of Ipatinga, Coronel Fabriciano, Antônio Dias, Jaguaraçu, Marliéria, Caratinga e Bom Jesus do Galho.


Mammal-like reptile

Mammal-like reptile is an old term for the therapsids: those synapsids which gave rise to the true mammals.

The term is both outmoded and a mistake, because mammals did not descend from reptiles. Both groups descended from early amniotes (egg-laying tetrapods), probably in the Lower or Middle Carboniferous. 

The precursors of reptiles are called sauropsids, and the precursors of mammals are called synapsids. The immediate ancestors of the mammals came from a group of therapsids called the cynodonts.

There are a number of characteristics which cannot be seen on fossils, but which are of great importance.

Mammals are distinguished from reptiles by fundamental differences in the development of the blood system. These differences are such that it would be almost impossible for mammals to be derived from reptiles.
This supports the division of amniotes into sauropsida and synapsida.

Cleidoic egg

The cleidoic egg (from Greek kleistos = closed) is the type of egg which reptiles and birds lay. Mammalian reproduction has evolved from laying cleidoic eggs to live birth. The cleidoic egg is sometimes called the amniotic egg, because it is characteristic of amniotes.

These eggs have a protective shell, and are laid out of water. The shell is porous to air, and may be flexible or calcareous (hard). The eggs contain all the food the embryo needs to develop into a hatchling. As a result, the amphibian's larval stage, the tadpole, is not needed by reptiles or birds. The special membranes that support these eggs are typical traits of all amniotes, including mammals.

The significance of the cleidoic egg is that it enables reproduction out of, and often away from, water. The cleidoic egg has been called "a private little pond", from the way it gives water and nutrition to the embryo. Cleidoic eggs must have evolved in the early or middle Carboniferous, "after" the early tetrapods evolved, but "before" the amniotes split into sauropsids (reptile ancestors) and synapsids (mammal ancestors).

The basic reproduction strategy of amphibia (frogs, for example), is to lay a huge number of eggs, which are left to their own fate. The strategy of amniotes is to invest more in the production of eggs, lay fewer eggs and take some care of them.

Because the eggs are laid on land, internal fertilisation is needed. Thus, from the initial step of a cleidoic egg comes a number of changes in behaviour. With the changes in behaviour comes better and more flexible brains. Some reptiles, for example, crocodiles and birds, look after and protect their young. Mammals are an extreme case: they carry the protection and nursing of the young much further. All mammals provide milk for their young, and many smaller mammals raise their young in burrows, providing a measure of security. Humans go even further still, with the long period of learning before their young are independent. Also, in human evolution, there is a reduction in instinctive behaviour, which is inherited. Instead, there is a great increase in learned behaviour and social life. These later adaptations were made possible by the earlier evolution of the cleidoic egg.

Live birth is a comparatively recent adaptation. Monotreme mammals do still lay eggs. It is the marsupial and eutherian mammals which developed live birth. Actually,the embryo developing in the womb has the same membranes round it as does the embryo inside a bird egg. Mammals give birth to live young because the development takes place internally. Live birth has evolved independently a number of times in reptiles, for example Ichthyosaurs gave birth to live young. So do some snakes.

The cleidoic egg is a good example of an evolutionary innovation which permitted the invasion of a vast range of new habitats, and led to one of the greatest adaptive radiations in the history of the vertebrates. In comparison, the amphibia, whose reproduction is tied to water, are represented today by just a few highly specialised groups.

Some authors make a distinction between amniotic eggs (of reptiles, birds and mammals) and closed eggs of invertebrate groups such as insects and spiders. In that case:
This is logical, but in practice the terms are usually synonymous.


Terrapin

A terrapin is a turtle that lives in brackish water. They are named for the diamond pattern on their shells. They eat mollusks, crabs, and fish. Terrapins are sexually dimorphic. Females are much larger than males. Males range between 4 and 5 inches. Females average nearly 7 inches. The largest terrapin on record was a female measuring 9 inches. 
A terrapin is one of several small species of turtle living in fresh or brackish water. Terrapins do not form a taxonomic unit, and may not be related. Many belong to the families Geoemydidae and Emydidae.

The name "terrapin" is derived from "torope", a word in the Native American Algonquian language that refers to the species, Malaclemys terrapin. It appears that it became part of common usage during the colonial era of North America and was carried back to Great Britain. Since then, it has been used in common names for turtles in the English language. In the UK, red-eared sliders are known as red-eared terrapins.

Regions of Brazil

Brazil is currently divided into five regions (also called macroregions) by the Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística (IBGE). These divisions are composed of states with similar cultural, economical, historical and social aspects, and, although information given by this type of division is not very accurate from the scientific point of view, this division is the most widely used in Brazil because official information given by the IBGE uses this system.






Vale do Aço metropolitan area

The Vale do Aço metropolitan area (Região Metropolitana do Vale do Aço, in Portuguese) is a metropolitan area in Minas Gerais, Brazil, comprising only the four municipalities of Coronel Fabriciano, Ipatinga, Santana do Paraíso and Timóteo, but have an influence area of 24 other municipalities.

The region has become internationally known due to large companies that are in the region, such as the Cenibra, Aperam South America (old Acesita) and Usiminas, all with an increasing volume of exported products.


Mantle (mollusc)

The mantle is a significant part of the anatomy of molluscs: it is the dorsal body wall which covers the organs of digestion, reproduction and movement. 

In many, but not all, species of molluscs, the epidermis (skin) of the mantle secretes calcium carbonate and conchiolin, and creates a shell.

The word "mantle" means cloak or cape, and does often resemble a cloak. The edges of the mantle may extend far beyond the main part of the body, forming flaps, double-layered structures adapted for many different uses, including for example, the "siphon".

The "mantle cavity" is a central feature of molluscan biology. This cavity is formed by the mantle skirt, a double fold of mantle which encloses a water space. This space contains the mollusc's gills, anus, and organs for taste, excretion and reproductive organs.

The mantle cavity functions as a respiratory chamber in all molluscs. In bivalves it is usually part of the feeding structure. In some mollusks the mantle cavity is a brood chamber, and in cephalopods and some bivalves such as scallops, it is a locomotory organ.

The mantle is highly muscular. In cephalopods the contraction of the mantle is used to force water through a tubular "siphon", and this propels the animal rapidly through the water. In other molluscs, it is used as a kind of "foot" for locomotion.

Carboniferous

The Carboniferous was the geological period after the Devonian and before the Permian. It lasted from about 359 to about 299 million years ago. It is the fifth period of the Paleozoic era and the Phanerozoic eon.

In the U.S.A. the Carboniferous is divided into the Mississippian (lower part, 359–323.2 ) and the Pennsylvanian (upper part, 323.2–299 ). In Europe the terms lower, middle and upper are used.

The early tetrapods were the amphibians, which laid their eggs in water, and the amniotes, who laid their cleidoic eggs on land. 

The amniotes gave rise to two groups: one was the synapsids, which eventually gave rise to the mammals. The second group, the sauropsids, later gave rise to the dinosaurs and other reptiles. We now know that this group includes the birds. These events took place in the lower (older) part of the Carboniferous, the Mississippian.

Fossils of air-breathing insects myriapods and arachnids are known from the late Carboniferous, but so far not from the early Carboniferous. These arthropods were both well-developed and numerous. Their large size might have something to do with the fact that the oxygen concentration in the Earth's atmosphere in the Carboniferous was much higher than today. This required less effort for respiration and allowed arthropods to grow larger. The up to millipede-like "Arthropleura" was the largest-known land invertebrate of all time. 

Among the insect groups are the huge predatory Protodonata, among which was "Meganeura", a giant dragonfly-like insect and with a wingspan of ca. —the largest flying insect ever to roam the planet.

Many insects have been found in the coalfields of Saarbrücken and Commentry, and within the hollow trunks of fossil trees in Nova Scotia. Some British coalfields have yielded good specimens: "Archaeoptilus", from the Derbyshire coalfield, had a large wing with preserved part, and some specimens ("Brodia") still show traces of brilliant wing colors. Land snails ("Archaeozonites", "Dendropupa") have been found in the Nova Scotian tree trunks mentioned above.

The Carboniferous is named after the "coal measures", the remains of peat formed by dense tropical wetland forests. New kinds of vascular plants with thick bark grew in the forests. Much of the coal came from this bark. This biota occurred in the upper part of the period, the Pennsylvanian, from 315 to 300 million years years ago.

These forests were on the equator, and the wetlands, which are always low-lying, stretched across the supercontinent of Laurussia. This included what is now North America in the west, through what is now Europe to China in the east. The river plain which was the heart of the wetland stretched 5000 km from eastern Canada to Ukraine, and was 700 km wide.
In the Carboniferous, the great tropical rainforests of Euramerica supported towering lycopodiophyta, and a mix of vegetation, as well as a great diversity of animal life: giant dragonflies, millipedes, cockroaches, amphibians, and the first amniotes.

This kind of climate and geography has no exact parallel today, but the peat swamp forests in Indonesia and Malaysia, the Amazon Basin, the Mississippi River system and the Okefenokee swamp give some idea. The swamps were dominated by giant clubmosses, including "Lepidodendron". They were the earliest trees, later replaced by conifers and flowering plants. Sometimes other plants from the levee got swept down by the river, such as horsetails, ferns and tree-like pteridosperms.

The wetland forest climates shifted when the land level was raised by the pressure of the Gondwana continent against Laurussia. This caused the zone of contact between the continents to rise. The end of the coal measures marks the end of the Carboniferous period. China was too far away to be affected. There, the wetland forests continued for another 50 million years, into the Permian.

Mesozoic

The Mesozoic Era was the geological era in which dinosaurs lived, as well as the first mammals. It lasted about 186 million years, starting 252.2 mya (million years ago) with the P/Tr extinction and ending 65 mya with the K/T extinction (the one that killed all dinosaurs except birds).

Dinosaurs appeared around 231 mya (21 million years after the beginning of the Mesozoic). They evolved from the reptiles called archosaurs. Modern birds and crocodiles are part of that group.

Although mammals originated in the Upper Triassic, they did not live like dinosaurs. Mammals spent most of the long Jurassic and Cretaceous periods as small nocturnal animals living mainly in forests. Most lost their color vision. Mammals today have some color vision. Most have red-green color blindness, with only two types of cone cells. Some primates evolved a third type of cone cell, which gives them trichromacy. Color is needed in forests to spot ripe fruit.

The Mesozoic is the middle of the three eras that make up the Phanerozoic eon. Before the Mesozoic was the Palaeozoic era. The K/T extinction in 65 mya also marks the beginning of the Cenozoic era, the one we live in.

The three Mesozoic periods were:


The ecology of this world was quite different to that of the Pleistocene, the relatively cold era in which humans evolved and live. 

The Mesozoic was a much warmer world, with a higher temperature, and a higher sea level. There was little or no ice at the poles and the continents had large areas covered with shallow continental seas.

Moreover, the continents were quite near each other, or actually touching. Many land animals could walk or swim to other continents. The Mesozoic started with all the continents together in Pangaea. They began to split apart in early Middle Jurassic times and stayed pretty close for the rest of the Mesozoic.

Textbooks have always described how the Mesozoic was the age of the dinosaurs, and now we know birds descended from land dinosaurs. It was the age, too, of extraordinary marine reptiles. Mammals were mainly small nocturnal animals which scurried around in the night-times of the great forests. We know from their loss of color vision (which is trichromatic in fish and reptiles) that mammals lived a nocturnal life.

For most of the Mesozoic, the plants were different from those of today. Only in the Upper Cretaceous do we find flowering plants of the modern kind. Before then ferns, cycads and conifers covered the land. They were the typical food of the huge vegetarian dinosaurs. Horsetails like "Equisetum" formed the understory of the huge conifer forests.

Palaeozoic

The Palaeozoic (or Paleozoic) era is the earliest of the three eras of the Phanerozoic. Its name means "early life". It lasted from about 541 to 252 million years ago (mya), and ended with the greatest extinction event, the Permian–Triassic extinction event.

The Palaeozoic began with an explosion of life forms. The Cambrian explosion marks the era with thousands of new life forms in the ancient seas. The era saw many important events, including the development of most invertebrate groups, life's conquest of land, the evolution of fish, reptiles, synapsids (the ancestors of mammals), amphibians, insects, and plants, the formation of the supercontinent of Pangea, and at least two distinct ice ages. The earth rotated faster than it does today so days were shorter, and the nearer moon caused stronger tides.

At the start of the long Carboniferous period oxygen was low and carbon dioxide was high. The huge growth of trees and other plants during this time reversed these data. The carbon dioxide level dropped throughout the Carboniferous, and the oxygen level rose continuously until it dropped in the Permian. 

Oxygen reached a peak of about 30% about 280 million years ago. That is much higher than today's 21%.

The six periods of the Palaeozoic are:

Blackjack

Blackjack (Twenty-one, pontoon or "Vingt-et-un") is a kind of card game which usually involves gambling. It is often played in casinos. There is a dealer, who deals cards from a special device called a 'dealer's shoe' or a 'shuffling machine'. The dealer has one to eight decks. When there are one or two decks, the dealer usually holds the decks instead of dealing from a shoe.

It is a 'dealer versus players game'. Each player has their own game against the dealer. Cards are dealt in succession, and bets placed for each hand. Players win if their cards add up to more than the dealer's hand to a limit of 21. Hands which add up to more than 21, called busted hands, lose. Face cards count as 10. Aces can count as one or eleven.

'Blackjack', an ace and a face card or ten, is the top scorer. Blackjack usually pays a bonus. Five cards adding to 21 or fewer is the next ranking hand. Apart from that, unbusted hands rank by total add-up. Hands below the dealer's hand lose unless the dealer goes over 21 (busts). Hands equal to the dealer's keep their chips. If both the player and dealer bust, the dealer wins.

Players have a choice whether or not to get extra cards. Stand means to get no more cards and hit means to ask for another card. To stand, wave your hand back and forth. To ask for another card, wave your hand toward you. You can ask for any number of cards unless you bust. The dealer has rules as to when he takes extra cards for himself (or herself). In the UK, the dealer must stand on 16. These rules are set by the casino and cannot change after the game has started. In some states or countries, the rules are set by the government.

There is some skill in blackjack, because the odds change as the cards are dealt. The critical information is the numbers of tens (including face cards) which have been dealt. This is because they are the common cause of 'busting' the dealer hand and because they are needed for a blackjack. Aces are also important because they are needed for a blackjack. Keeping track of the cards is called 'card counting'. It is legal if done without a device like a computer. But, many casinos tell players to leave if they think are counting the cards.
Over the years the origin of Blackjack, like many other games, has eluded researchers for a long time and which continues to be hotly debated to this day. Till date there has been no clear consensus, but most agree it probably originated in French casinos around 1700, where it was called Vingt-et-Un, which translated means twenty-one. Most believe it was probably derived from the French card games, Chemin de Fer, and French Ferme, which were in popular at that time. Another version was prevalent in Spain, called One and Thirty. The basic rule of the Spanish version was to reach 31 with a minimum of three cards. Another theory is that Blackjack was an invention by the Romans. It is believed that Romans used to play this game with wooden blocks of different numerical values. This theory holds some weight as Romans loved gambling, but that by no means confirms the theory. Among the various versions of the game, Vingt-et-Un or 21 continued to grow in popularity and reach. It gradually spread to North America thanks to French colonists and soon after was played throughout the continent. The rules of Blackjack were then different from those of modern Blackjack. The game was still termed '21' when it gained popularity in Nevada in 1931 when the State first chose to make gambling legal. Its origin is disputed, but it is certainly related to several French and Italian gambling games. To draw more people to the game, some casinos then offered a special bet: A hand featuring either of the black jacks (the Jack of Spades or that of Clubs) plus the Ace of Spades would pay 10-to-1 odds on the lucky player's bet. Although casinos later discontinued this payout, the name blackjack remained, as the game is known today. Blackjack played today was not created by any one person at one definite point of time, but has changed over centuries, and continues to change. Fueling its popularity the online casino industry has developed various versions of the game which has truly revolutionized it.

This is an example of a Blackjack game. Players are named by gambling chip colour: white, brown, blue and black.

The dealer has given two cards each to the four players who are betting. One of the dealer's two cards is face-up so all the players can see it (an Ace), and the other is face down.


The dealer turns their card over and gets a 6, together with the Ace takes them to 17, and stands because the dealer must stand on 17. (In this case the dealer must stand on a "soft" 17). Results:



Phanerozoic

The Phanerozoic eon is the current eon on the geologic timescale. It is the one in which abundant animal life has existed. It covers about 541 million years, and goes back to the time when hard-shelled animals first appeared. It was once thought that life began in the Cambrian, the first period of this eon. 

The time before the Phanerozoic, formerly called the "Precambrian", is now divided into the Hadean, Archaean and Proterozoic eons.

The exact time of the boundary between the Phanerozoic and the Proterozoic is slightly uncertain. In the 19th century, the boundary was set at the first abundant metazoan fossils. But several hundred kinds of Proterozoic metazoa have been discovered in the Ediacaran. Study of the Ediacaran biota started in the 1950s. There are three dividing points at the Proterozoic-Phanerozoic boundary. It might be where the first trilobites and archaeocyatha appear; or at the first appearance of signs of burrowing; or at the first appearance of the 'small shelly fauna'. The three different dividing points are within a few million years of each other.

In the Phanerozoic biodiversity increased hugely: 
During the period covered, continents drifted about, eventually collecting into a single landmass known as Pangea and then splitting up into the current continental landmasses.

The Phanerozoic is divided into three eras: the Palaeozoic, Mesozoic, and Cainozoic.

Skip-Bo

Skip-Bo is a children's card game. You try and match numbers, colours, etc. It is similar to the card game Uno.

Ordovician

The Ordovician is the second period of the Paleozoic era and the Phanerozoic eon. It lasted from about 485.4 million years ago (mya) to 443.4 mya. It follows the Cambrian period and is followed by the Silurian period.

The Ordovician was named after the Welsh tribe of the "Ordovices". It was defined by Charles Lapworth in 1879. He recognized that the fossils in the disputed strata were different from those of the Cambrian or the Silurian. Therefore, he reasoned, they should be placed in a period of their own.

Recognition of the Ordovician period was slow in Britain, but elsewhere it was quickly accepted. In 1906 it was adopted as an official period of the Paleozoic era by the International Geological Congress.

The Ordovician ended with a series of extinction events that, together amount to the second greatest extinction of the Phanerozoic. This was the EndOrdovician extinction event.

Sea levels were high during the Ordovician. Shallow (<50 metres) inland seas were the greatest for which evidence is preserved in the rocks.

During the Ordovician, the southern continents collected into a single continent called Gondwana. Gondwana started the period in equatorial latitudes and, as the period progressed, drifted toward the South Pole. Early in the Ordovician, the continents Laurentia (present-day North America), Siberia, and Baltica (present-day northern Europe) were still independent continents.

The Ordovician was a time of calcite sea geochemistry in which low-magnesium calcite was the main marine precipitate of calcium carbonate.

 
For most of the Ordovician, life continued to flourish, but near the end of the period the EndOrdovician extinction event seriously affected planktonic forms like conodonts, graptolites, and some groups of trilobites. Brachiopods, bryozoans and echinoderms were also heavily affected, and the cone-shaped nautiloids died out completely, except for rare Silurian forms.

The extinctions may have been caused by an ice age that occurred at the end of the Ordovician period: the end of the Ordovician was one of the coldest times in the last 600 million years of earth history.

On the whole, the fauna that emerged in the Ordovician set the scene for the rest of the Palaeozoic. The fauna was dominated by suspension feeders, mainly with short food chains. The ecological system reached a new level of complexity far beyond that of the Cambrian fauna.

Though less famous than the Cambrian explosion, the Ordovician featured an adaptive radiation, which was no less remarkable. Marine genera increased fourfold, resulting in 12% of all known Phanerozoic marine fauna. Another change in the fauna was the strong increase in filter feeding organisms. The articulate brachiopods, cephalopods, and crinoids took over. Articulate brachiopods, in particular, largely replaced trilobites in shelf communities. This illustrates the greatly increased biodiversity of carbonate shell-secreting organisms in the Ordovician compared to the Cambrian. Although solitary corals date back to at least the Cambrian, reef-forming corals appeared in the early Ordovician.

Molluscs, which appeared during the Cambrian or even the Ediacaran, became common and varied, especially bivalves, gastropods, and nautiloid cephalopods. Now-extinct marine animals called graptolites thrived in the oceans. Some new cystoids and crinoids appeared.

It was long thought that the first true vertebrates (fish — Ostracoderms) appeared in the Ordovician, but recent discoveries in China show they probably originated in the Lower Cambrian. The very first Gnathostomata (jawed fish) appeared in the Upper Ordovician.

During the Middle Ordovician there was a large increase in bioeroding (shell and rock-boring) organisms. This is known as the Ordovician Bioerosion Revolution. It is marked by a sudden abundance of hard substrate trace fossils.

In the Lower Ordovician, trilobites were joined by many new brachiopods, bryozoans, planktonic graptolites and conodonts, and many types of molluscs and echinoderms, including the ophiuroids ("brittle stars") and the first sea stars. Nevertheless the trilobites remained abundant, with all the Late Cambrian orders continuing, and being joined by the new group Phacopida. The first evidence of land plants also appeared.

Trilobites in the Ordovician were very different from their predecessors in the Cambrian. Many trilobites developed bizarre spines and nodules to defend against predators such as primitive sharks and nautiloids. Other trilobites evolved to become swimming forms. Some trilobites even developed shovel-like snouts for ploughing through muddy sea bottoms. Some trilobites such as "Asaphus kowalewski" evolved long eyestalks to assist in detecting predators whereas other trilobite eyes in contrast disappeared completely.

The renowned Burgess Shale fauna disappears in the Middle Cambrian. It is now known that it did not go extinct, but survived, and thrived where the circumstances were right. A recently discovered lagerstätte (a deposit of exceptionally preserved fossils) has been found in the Fezouata Formation, Morocco. The site contains remarkable fossils of soft-bodied animals from a muddy ocean floor. The fauna also includes some hard-bodied animals such as horseshoe crabs. Probably low oxygen conditions kept predators and scavengers to a minimum.

Silurian

The Silurian was the period from the end of the Ordovician, about 443.4 million years ago (mya) to the beginning of the Devonian period, about 419 mya. It is the third period of the Paleozoic era and the Phanerozoic eon and the shortest period in the Paleozoic.

As with other geologic periods, the rock beds that define the period's start and end are well identified, but the exact dates are uncertain by several million years. The beginning of the Silurian is set at a major extinction when 60% of marine species were wiped out, the End-Ordovician extinction event.

The Silurian was the first period that produced fossils on land that are macroscopic. That means you can see them without using a microscope. These fossils are moss forests along lakes and streams, and millipedes and scorpions on land later in the period. The fossil record of Eurypterids (sea scorpions) reached its greatest extent in the middle Silurian, about 430 million years ago.

The first fossil records of vascular plants, appeared in the second half of the Silurian period. The earliest known representatives of this group are the "Cooksonia" (mostly from the northern hemisphere) and "Baragwanathia" (from Australia). A primitive Silurian land plant with xylem and phloem but no differentiation in root, stem or leaf, was much-branched "Psilophyton". This plant reproduced by spores and respired through stomata on every surface, and probably photosynthesized in every tissue exposed to light. 

Some evidence suggests the presence of primitive predatory arachnids and myriapods in later Silurian rocks. Predatory invertebrates would indicate that simple food webs were in place which included non-predatory prey animals.

Devonian

The Devonian is the fourth period of the Paleozoic era and the Phanerozoic eon. It lasted from about 419 million years ago (mya) to about 359 mya. It is named after Devonshire, England, where rocks from this period were first studied.

Sea levels were high, and there was a great variety of fish and other marine organisms. The Devonian fish included the Agnatha (jawless fish), the Acanthodii (spiny fish), the Placoderms (armoured fish), the Chondrichthyes (cartilaginous fish), and the early Osteichthyes (bony fish). The Devonian strata are divided into lower, middle and upper subdivisions.

During the Devonian the evolution of fish into tetrapods occurred. Various terrestrial arthropods also became established. The first seed-bearing plants spread across dry land, forming huge forests.

The supercontinent of Gondwana was to the south, and the continent of Siberia to the north. The early form of the small continent of Euramerica was in between. The supercontinent Pangaea was just starting to form.

By the late Devonian, the land had been colonized by plants and insects. In the oceans, massive reefs were built. Euramerica and Gondwana were beginning to converge into what would become Pangaea.

Tectonic and volcanic activity was high. A series of extinction events occurred towards the end of the Devonian, including a major event at the Frasnian-Famennian boundary in the Late Devonian, about 364 mya. 

A major extinction occurred at the start of the last phase of the Devonian period, the Frasnian-Famennian boundary, about 372.2 mya. Almost all the fossil agnathan fishes suddenly disappeared. A second strong extinction closed the Devonian period. The late Devonian extinction was one of five major extinction events in the history of the Earth. The cause or causes are not known.

Proterozoic

The Proterozoic eon comes before the Phanerozoic. It was a period before the first abundant complex life on Earth. The name Proterozoic comes from the Greek "earlier life". The Proterozoic Eon extended from 2500 million years ago (mya) to 541 mya. It is the most recent part of the former Precambrian.

The Proterozoic consists of 3 geologic eras, from oldest to youngest:

The well-identified events were:

Study of these rocks shows that the eon featured massive, rapid continental accretion (unique to the Proterozoic), supercontinent cycles, and mountain building.

Cainozoic

The Cainozoic (Cenozoic) is the current geological era. It began 66 million years ago and continues today. Before it was the Mesozoic.

During the Cainozoic the continents moved into their present positions. The climate started warm, but cooling continued steadily. Finally ice ages occurred. 

The word Cainozoic is derived from Greek "kainos" = "new", and "zoe" = "life". 'Cainozoic' may be spelled 'Cenozoic'. It has three periods, and the periods are split into stages. 


Previously, what is now the Cainozoic was divided into two periods, the Tertiary and the Quaternary. The Tertiary corresponded to the Palaeogene+Neogene. Now, the term 'Tertiary' is not used. Officially, it is 'deprecated'. 

On land, the Cainozoic is the era of mammals, and of birds and flowering plants. Grassland became a major habitat. Aquatic mammals took over the roles of predatory reptiles like the mosasaurs and plesiosaurs. As a result, the ecological landscape of the Cainozoic has become quite different from the Mesozoic.

Bill Elliott

William Clyde Elliott (born October 8, 1955) is an American racecar driver. He drove in the Sprint Cup Series He won the 1988 Sprint Cup, and was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2007. In 2014, Elliot was voted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the Hall of Fame in January of 2015.

Dolhasca

Dolhasca is a town in southeastern Bukovina, in Suceava County, Romania. 11,000 people were living in Dolhasca as of 2002. It became a town in 2004.

Siret

Siret is a town of Suceava County in northeast Romania. The town is found on the right bank of the Siret River. Ukraine borders Siret to the north. 9,358 people were living in Siret as of 2002.

Default gateway

A default gateway is the IP address used to get out of your network.

Token passing

Token passing is a communication protocol used in telecommunications. The system uses a signal called a "token" to limit when a device can transmit on the network. Only the device with the token can transmit. When that device is done, the token is sent to the next device. With large transmissions, the token may move to the next station before the transmission is finished. The device has to wait until it gets the token back before it can continue to send data. The most well known examples of token passing are token ring and ARCNET.

The rules of the system say how long a device may keep the token, how long it can transmit for and how to create a new token if there is not one in use.

Carrier-sense multiple access

Carrier Sense Multiple Access (CSMA) is a Media Access Control (MAC) protocol. When transmitting on a medium that is shared by many transmitters, the transmitter first checks to see that nothing else is already transmitting. Examples of shared transmission medium include an electrical bus, or part of the electromagnetic spectrum.

"Carrier Sense" means that a transmitter uses feedback from a receiver to know if the medium is already in use before trying to send. That is, it tries to find a signal from another station before trying to transmit. If a signal is found, the station waits for that transmission to end before starting its own transmission.

"Multiple Access" means that many stations send and receive on the medium. Transmissions are usually received by all other stations using the medium.


Archaean

The Archaean (or Archean) eon is the geological period after the Hadean and before the Proterozoic. It is one of the four main time periods (eons) of Earth history. The Archaean lasted from 4,000 million years ago (mya) to 2,500 mya. It contains the first sedimentary rocks, and the first fossil life forms, which were cyanobacteria, and acritarchs.

Most of the rocks which survive are volcanic (igneous) and metamorphic in origin. Volcanic activity was everywhere. When the Archaean began, the Earth's heat flow was nearly three times higher than it is today. It was still twice the current level when the Archaean ended, 2,500 mya. This high level of heat flow may have made plate tectonics more vigorous than today. The question of when plate tectonics began is a major research area. The large supercontinent Vaalbara formed in the Archaean. There were oceans already, before the Archaean.
The atmosphere almost entirely lacked free oxygen, and instead, it was mostly methane and CO.

Fossil bacterial mats, called stromatolites, are found throughout the Archaean after about 3,500mya. These were formed by cyanobacteria, which used photosynthesis and gave off oxygen as a by-product. Initially, this oxygen was absorbed by combining with iron ions in solution. Not until much later did oxygen build up in the atmosphere.

Fossil raindrop marks have been found in the later Archaean, 2,700 mya. The rocks were discovered in Ventersdorp in the North West Province of South Africa in the 1980s.

Barcelona Metro line 1

Line 1, shortened to L1 and known as "Hospital de Bellvitge - Fondo", coloured red and often simply called "Línia vermella" ("Red Line"), is the second oldest metro line in Barcelona, after L3. It is operated by Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona (TMB). 


Stations or lines shown in italics are under construction.



Hadean

The Hadean is the geological eon before the Archaean. It began at the Earth's formation about 4.6 billion years ago, and ended 4 billion years ago. The name "Hadean" comes from "Hades", Greek for "Underworld", due to the conditions on the Earth at the time. The geologist Preston Cloud first used the term in 1972. Meteorite bombardment, volcanism and high temperatures were very widespread on the early Earth.

There are no sedimentary rocks from the Hadean at all. The earliest geological objects on Earth are some zircons, dated to about 4,400 million years ago (mya). Oceans would probably have formed as soon as the temperature allowed. It is thought that constant bombardment kept the Earth in a molten state until about the end of the eon. 

Early in Earth history, the Moon was torn out by a massive collision with a proto-planet. The evidence for this giant impact hypothesis is: 


An explanation for the general lack of Hadean rocks (older than 3800 mya) is the large amount of rocky and icy debris present in the early Solar System. After the eight planets formed, large numbers of leftover protoplanets, asteroids, and comets pursued eccentric orbits throughout our system, bombarding the early Earth and the other planets and moons until approximately 3800 mya. This activity may have prevented any large crustal fragments from forming by literally shattering the early protocontinents. A barrage of particularly large impacts known as the Late Heavy Bombardment represents the climax of this violent era. 

No life forms are known from this eon. The early atmosphere contained carbon dioxide, methane and nitrogen, but almost no oxygen.

Permian

The Permian is a geological period which started about 299 million years ago (mya), and ended about 252 mya. It is the sixth and last period of the Paleozoic era and the sixth period in the Phanerozoic eon, and ended in the largest mass extinction known to science.


The climate in the Permian was quite varied. At the start of the Permian, the Earth was still at the grip of an ice age from the Carboniferous. Glaciers receded in the mid-Permian period as the climate gradually warmed, drying the continent's interiors. In the late Permian period, the drying continued although the temperature cycled between warm and cool cycles.

During the Permian, tetrapod life, (amphibians, Sauropsids and Synapsids) which evolved in the Carboniferous, became widespread and diverse. The first modern trees (conifers, ginkgos and cycads) appeared in the Permian.

The Permian was also a period of adaptive radiation in insects. Beetles (Coleoptera) appeared; so did flies (Diptera). 22 out of a total of 36 known orders of insects are known from the Permian. Some became extinct in the end-Permian event, but more radiation followed in the Mesozoic. Insects were probably, by the end of the Permian, the largest phylum, in terms of number of species.

Early relatives of cockroaches (Blattopterans) were the most common insects. and dragonflies ruled the air. True Odonata appeared in the Permian.

All the major land masses were collected together in the super-continent Pangaea. At the end of the period, the greatest flood basalt lava flows in the Phanerozoic raised world temperatures, and damaged the environment. These formed the extensive "Siberian traps". The causes of the Permian/Triassic extinction event are not yet agreed between scientists. Trilobites, once a dominant life-form in the ocean, became extinct, together with 90% of all marine species.

Circus

A circus is a special kind of entertainment that can be enjoyed by children and adults. Circuses are a group of performers that may include acrobats, clowns, trained animals, trapeze acts, musicians, hoopers, tightrope walkers, jugglers and other artists who perform stunts. Circuses usually travel about to different parts of the country or to different countries. They perform in a huge tent called the “Big Top”. There may be room for hundreds of people in the audience. The seating is tiered (the seats at the back are higher than those in front). In the middle is the circular area where the artists perform. This area is called the “ring”. The person in charge of the whole show is the “ringmaster”. Not all circuses travel about. A few circuses perform in their own way.

There are many different acts in circuses. Some people do acrobatics and gymnastics. Often a group of gymnasts will finish up standing on top of one another in a pyramid. The gymnasts may also do jumping acts on trampolines. Some people are jugglers, throwing things in the air and catching them. There may be people who walk on stilts or who ride on unicycles. They may perform magic which may include swordswallowing, knife throwing or fireeating. There are always clowns who do funny things to make people laugh. They trip over things and fall over, throw buckets of water over one another or put custard pies into one another’s faces. Sometimes these clowns are also very skilful acrobats, musicians or jugglers. They may pretend to be stupid at first, but they often show that they are very clever.

During the last two centuries, and until recently, the modern circus used many kinds of animals. There were wild animals such as lions, tigers or bears. There may also have been camels, horses, elephants, sea lions and domestic animals such as dogs. In recent years people have changed their ideas. They think that it is unkind to make wild animals perform tricks that are unnatural to them. Many of their trainers used cruel methods to teach these animals to do tricks, e.g. hitting the animals, giving them electric shocks or causing pain in other ways. The animals were always touring around, living in tiny cages. Many countries now do not want to see wild animals in circuses.

In Ancient Rome the circus was a round or oval building for showing horse and chariot races, horse shows, staged battles, acts with animals, jugglers and acrobats. The Roman circus had tiered seats. The important people sat at the bottom, near the action. The Latin word "circus" comes from the Greek word "kirkos", meaning “circle" or "ring”.

The first circus in Rome was the Circus Maximus, in the valley between the Palatine and Aventine hills. At first it was made of wood. It was rebuilt several times; the last building of the Circus Maximus could seat 250,000 people.

After the period when Rome was powerful, Europe did not have a circus tradition. In China there were shows with acrobatic performances, but they did not influence the Western circus, which started to be popular towards the end of the 18th century. In London there were circuses with horse-riding. These were started in 1768 by Philip Astley. A “Royal Circus” was set up in Lambeth, London by John Hughes. Circuses grew in size and had lots of animals. They were a bit like a zoo. They had wild animals such as lions and elephants. In 1793 a circus building was opened in Philadelphia, USA. Circuses became popular in the USA, especially the circus of Dan Rice. In 1840 Thomas Cooke brought his circus with horses from the USA to England. The circus started to become popular in many countries all over the world. The Barnum & Bailey Greatest Show On Earth toured from 1897 to 1902. They showed animal acts and human acts. There were even shows with freaks (people who were physically unusual, e.g. dwarfs and giants). During most of the 20th century this is what circuses were mostly like.

In 1919, Lenin, head of the USSR, said he wanted the circus to be treated as a serious art form, just like opera and ballet. The Moscow Circus School, which was started in 1927, is still one of the best circuses today. The artists are very skilful acrobats, gymnasts etc. Chinese circuses also have artists who are some of the world’s best gymnasts.


Markham, Ontario

Markham, Ontario is a city in Regional Municipality of York, in the Greater Toronto Area of Southern Ontario, Canada. There are twice as many people there as in 1990. 261,573 people live in Markham. It is the 4th largest town in the Greater Toronto Area, after Toronto, Mississauga, and Brampton.

Matt Stajan

Matthew Stajan ( ; born December 19, 1983) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre.

Before playing in the NHL, Stajan played 3 seasons with the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted with the 57th overall pick by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. On January 31, 2010, the Maple Leafs traded Stajan along with Niklas Hagman, Ian White and Jamal Mayers in exchange for Dion Phaneuf, Fredrik Sjöström and Keith Aulie.

He is married to his wife Katie and they live in Calgary. Their first child named Emerson, died on March 3, 2014 shortly after birth.


Cajvana

Cajvana is a town of Suceava County in the southern part of Bukovina in Romania.

Mount Athos

Mount Athos is a mountain in the Greek province of Macedonia. It is also commonly referred to as the Self-governed Monastic State of the Holy Mountain, which is an autonomous part of Greece. There are twenty Eastern Orthodox monasteries inside this state.

Spiritually, Mount Athos comes under the direct jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople.

The peninsula is the easternmost "leg" of the larger Halkidiki peninsula. It protrudes into the Aegean Sea for some at a width between 7 and 12 km and covers an area of , with the actual Mount Athos and its steep, densely forested slopes reaching up to . The seas around the end of the peninsula can be dangerous.

The peninsula is only accessible by boat. There is a limit on the number of visitors. People visiting need to get a special permit. Only men are allowed to enter. Monks call Mount Athos the "Garden of the Virgin"-. Orthodox Christians take precedence in the permit issuing procedure. Only males over the age of 18 who are members of an Eastern Orthodox Church are allowed to live on Athos (?). A large number of Albanian Muslims work in the Holy Mountain. There is a small number of unarmed, religious guards (Σερδάρηδες), who are not monks, for keeping order. Police and Coast Guard presence is very discreet. Any other people not monks are required to live in the peninsula's capital, Karyes (?) Most workers live at the place where they work. Small low class hotels exist at Karyes (administrative center) and Dafni (main port). The 2001 Greek national census recorded a population of 2,262 inhabitants.

Barcelona Metro line 9

Line 9 (Línia 9 in Catalan) is the newest line in the Barcelona Metro network, currently under construction, with only five complete stations, all in Santa Coloma de Gramenet. These first five stations opened on 13 December 2009. The complete line is a railway project to build a subway line with two branches spanning a good deal of the metropolitan area of Barcelona through Barcelona, Santa Coloma de Gramenet, Badalona, l'Hospitalet de Llobregat and El Prat de Llobregat. TMB is the company operating the line and handled by the division line in two: Line 9 and Line 10.

El Prat area
Central branch, shared with L10
Besòs area

Barcelona Metro line 10

Line 10 (La Sagrera - Gorg and ZAL | Riu Vell - Collblanc) is the name of one of the two branches of the Barcelona metro extension line 9, currently under construction and to be operated by TMB.

It links the Zona Franca with Badalona, through Barcelona proper, sharing a good deal of the area covered by L9. L9/10 will be the deepest line in the network, and the longest line in Europe. Originally expected to be ready by 2008, ongoing problems with its construction are going to delay its completion until as late as 2013.

Zona Franca area
Central branch, shared with L9
Besòs area


Barcelona Metro line 2

Line 2, also known by the names of its termini, currently Paral·lel - Badalona Pompeu Fabra, is a metro line in Barcelona operated by TMB, coloured purple and sometimes simply called "línia lila". 



Station and line names shown in italics are planned or under construction additions.


Sam Cooke

Sam Cooke (January 22, 1931–December 11, 1964) was an American soul singer and songwriter. He was born Sam Cook but later changed the spelling of his name. He was very important and influential in the beginning of soul music. He had many hit songs in America. Some of his most famous songs were "You Send Me", "A Change Is Gonna Come", "Chain Gang", "Wonderful World", and "Bring It on Home to Me".

Cooke started his own record label and publishing company. He was an important part of the Civil Rights Movement, helping African-American people to get civil rights.

Cooke died in 1964. He was shot and killed by hotel manageress named Bertha Franklin. She told the police that she shot Cooke in self-defense. Sam was buried in Glendale, California.


Catherine Morland

Catherine Morland is the principal character in Jane Austen's book "Northanger Abbey". She enjoys reading the mysterious and frightening gothic novels that were popular in her time. She often has a tendency to blur the lines between fiction and reality, which causes her a great deal of trouble. She is the neighbor of Mr. Allens, a rich man, and goes with him to Bath, a city in Northeastern Somerset, England. Jane Austen used her to mock the obvious classics where the perfect heroes fall in love with the heroines, and they marry and live "happily ever after".

Jane Austen, in the beginning of Chapter Two, describes her as having a heart that "was affectionate (loving)", a "disposition (character) cheerful and open, without conceit (pride) or affectation".

The book "Northanger Abbey" begins with, "No one who had ever seen Catherine Morland in her infancy, would have supposed her born to be an heroine." Her father, Richard, is a clergyman (pastor) who, even though he is not rich, is not poor; her mother is "a woman of useful plain sense, with a good temper, and, what is more remarkable, with a good constitution." Catherine is called "plain" when she is young, with "a thin awkward figure, a skin without colour, dark hair, and strong features..." She likes to play boy's games more than playing with dolls, and does not like lessons, though she does like stories and fables. Catherine likes "tinkling the keys of the old spinnet (piano)," but she hates learning music, and "the day which dismissed (sent away) the music-master was one of the happiest in Catherine's life." She does not draw well; she did not like writing, or accounts, or French. However, she is usually nice to her brothers and sisters, and listens to her parents.

Catherine becomes "almost pretty" at 15, when she grows plumper, cleaner, and more . She begins reading better books, like those that Pope, Gray, Thompson, and Shakespeare's. Mrs. Allen invites her to come to Bath with her, and she agrees. There, she is always very polite to Mrs. Allen, and is humbly satisfied when a few men call her a "pretty girl." She falls in love with Henry Tilney, and even though they misunderstand each other some times, they quickly become good friends. She also becomes friends with Eleanor Tilney, and she is invited to Northanger Abbey. General Tilney, Henry's father, is kind to her, and she is happy. But sometimes she is too imaginative: for instance, she thinks General Tilney murdered his wife. Henry's gentle talk with her soon makes her more clear-sighted. The sudden rudeness of General Tilney makes her very sad until Henry comes and proposes to her; he also explains the General's first attentions, and later rudeness: the General had at first thought Catherine was very rich, and later thought Catherine was really poor. Actually, Catherine is neither - she lives quite comfortably. At the end of the book, they marry happily.


Child abuse

Child abuse is the abuse, mistreatment or hurt done to children. It often means abuse done by a child's parents or another caregiver. Injuries to the skin like bruises are one of the signs of child abuse.

Talking about these things and helping children who suffer from child abuse is very important, but some people do not believe it could happen in their country, neighbourhood or family. They like to think these crimes are far away and so they cannot see if a child nearby is in danger.

The World Health Organization (WHO) defines "child abuse" and "child maltreatment" as "all forms of physical and/or emotional ill-treatment [...] or other exploitation, resulting in actual or potential harm to the child's health, survival, development or dignity in the context of a relationship of responsibility, trust or power." 

In the United States, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) uses the term "child maltreatment" to refer to both acts of abuse and neglect. According to the WHO, the term abuse includes "words or overt actions that cause harm, potential harm, or threat of harm to a child"; neglect means "the failure to provide for a child's basic physical, emotional, or educational needs or to protect a child from harm or potential harm". 

The United States federal Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act defines "child abuse and neglect" as, at minimum, "any recent act or failure to act on the part of a parent or caretaker which results in death, serious physical or emotional harm, sexual abuse or exploitation" or "an act or failure to act which presents an imminent risk of serious harm".


Revised Julian calendar

The Revised Julian calendar is a variation of the Julian calendar. It is mainly used by Eastern Orthodox churches. Some Eastern Orthodox churches introduced it in 1923.


Until the year 2800, this calendar will be in sync with the Gregorian calendar; From 2800 to 2900, the Gregorian calendar will be 1 day off.


Hakha Chin language

Hakha Chin is a language spoken in southern Asia by 446,264 people. The total figure includes 2,000 Zokhua, and 60,100 Lai speakers. The speakers are largely concentrated in eastern India in addition to Myanmar/Burma and Bangladesh.

Rangpuri language

Rangpuri is an Indo-Aryan language. It is spoken in India and Bangladesh. Sources disagree about how many people speak it. A 1991 census said it was spoken by 5 million people. It is a Bengali-Assamese language spoken by the Rajbanshi people in India and Bangladesh. Many are bilingual in either Bengali or Assamese. Together with Rajbanshi of Nepal.

This is the native language of people of Cooch Behar, Lower Assam, Jalpaiguri, Darjeeling and some parts of Bangladesh.

Other names of the language are Rajbangsi, Rajbansi, Rajbanshi, Kamta, Kamtapuri, Kamatpuri, Kamatapuri, Kamrupi, Deshi Bhasha. Recently, "Kamtapuri Bhasha Academy" (2017) is formed by West Bengal Government.

Teen idol

A teen idol is a celebrity or famous person who is very popular with teenagers. Teen idols are often young, but are not always teenagers themselves. They are often pop singers or actors. People started to call celebrities teen idols in the 20th century. Some early teen idols were Rudolph Valentino, Frank Sinatra, Judy Garland, Elvis Presley and James Dean.

In the 1960s and 1970s some pop singers became known as teen idols, like The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, The Monkees, Donny Osmond and David Cassidy. In the 1990s, bands like New Kids on the Block and Backstreet Boys were very popular with teenagers. In the 21st century, some teen idols have been Britney Spears, Miley Cyrus and the Jonas Brothers.

Hachinohe

Hachinohe means "the 8th area" in north of Tohoku region from the Middle Ages era. There was "the places of 8th" for making horses for a war in Hachinohe.

Hachinohe has a famous industrial area, and has a bigger fishing port more than most of other cities.

There is a Tohoku Shinkansen station and the Tohoku Expressway in Hachinohe.

The main industries in Hachinohe are manufacturing and services. Most of people in Hacnihohe work in manufacturing. In Hachinohe, the fishing industry is famous. Hachinohe brings in the most squid and saba in Japan.

Two rivers run through Hachinohe. One is the Mabechi River, which runs from the south to the east, and flows into the Pacific Ocean. The other is the Nida River, which runs from the south to the north.


According to Japanese census data,


Gerbstedt

Gerbstedt is a little town at the Mansfeld-Südharz rural district, Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. It is north of Eisleben. The little river Lobach flows through it.

Gerbstedt is about northwest of Halle, Saxony-Anhalt. It was first mentioned in 985 as Gerbizstidi. In the area of Gerbstedt, there is copper schist. It has been mined since 1730.

Miles Davis

Miles Dewey Davis III (May 26, 1926 – September 28, 1991) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader and composer. He was very important to 20th century music. He helped to develop several different styles of jazz, like cool jazz, hard bop, free jazz, and fusion. As a bandleader he worked with other famous musicians like John Coltrane, Herbie Hancock, Bill Evans, Wayne Shorter, Chick Corea, John McLaughlin, Cannonball Adderley, Gerry Mulligan, Tony Williams, George Coleman, J. J. Johnson, Keith Jarrett, John Scofield and Kenny Garrett.

In 1959 he released an album called "Kind of Blue". That album became very famous and popular. In 2008, it had sold 4 million copies. In 2006 Davis was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and described as "one of the key figures in the history of jazz".

Davis was born in 1926 in Alton, Illinois. His father, Miles Dewey Davis, Jr., was a dentist. In 1927, the family moved to East St. Louis. They also owned a big ranch in northern Arkansas, where Davis learned to ride horses.

Davis's mother, Cleota Mae (Henry) Davis, wanted him to learn to play the piano. She was a good blues pianist but did not tell her son this. Davis started to learn music when he was 13, when his father gave him a trumpet and arranged for him to have lessons with local musician Elwood Buchanan. Buchanan taught Davis to play the trumpet without vibrato, and Davis always played like this. Buchanan was said to slap Davis's knuckles every time he started using heavy vibrato. Davis later said "I prefer a round sound with no attitude in it, like a round voice with not too much tremolo and not too much baseline bass. Just right in the middle. If I can’t get that sound I can’t play anything."

When he was 16, Davis played the trumpet professionally when he was not at school. At 17, he played in bandleader Eddie Randle's band for a year. Saxophone-player Sonny Stitt tried to persuade Davis to join the Tiny Bradshaw band, but Davis's mother wanted Davis to finish his final year of high school.

In 1944, the Billy Eckstine band visited East St. Louis. Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker were in the band, and Davis joined them as third trumpet player when trumpeter Buddy Anderson was out sick. When the band left to finish the tour, Davis' parents still wanted him to finish his studies.

After he graduated from high school in 1944, Davis moved to New York City to study at the Juilliard School of Music.

When he arrived in New York, he spent most of his time trying to get in contact with Charlie Parker, even though some people had told him that he should not. When he found Parker, Davis became involved in jam sessions that took place every night in two of Harlem's night clubs, Minton's Playhouse and Monroe's. Other famous musicians like Thelonious Monk and Kenny Clarke also tookpart in these sessions.

Davis left Juilliard early, having first asked permission from his father. He did not like the classes at Juilliard because he thought they focused too much on classical European and "white" music. He also said that his Juilliard classes helped him to understand music theory.

He began playing professionally in many jazz groups, performing in several 52nd Street clubs with Coleman Hawkins and Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis. In 1945, he went into a recording studio for the first time, as a member of the group of Herbie Fields. In 1946 he made his first recording as a bandleader, with a group called "Miles Davis Sextet plus Earl Coleman and Ann Hathaway". He did not make many recordings as a bandleader at this time.

Around 1945, Dizzy Gillespie stopped working with Parker and Parker hired Davis as Gillespie's replacement in his quintet. Also in the group were Max Roach at the drums, Al Haig (replaced later by Sir Charles Thompson and Duke Jordan) at the piano, and Curley Russell (later replaced by Tommy Potter and Leonard Gaskin) as bass player.

With Parker's quintet, Davis recorded several times. He had a solo on Parker's signature song, "Now's the Time". This solo led to the beginning of a style of jazz called "cool jazz". The group also toured the United States. During a tour in Los Angeles, Parker had a nervous breakdown and went to the Camarillo State Mental Hospital for several months. Davis found himself stuck in L.A. He stayed with, and played music with jazz musician Charles Mingus. Later he got a job with Billy Eckstine on a California tour that brought him back to New York. In 1948, Parker returned from Los Angeles, and Davis joined his group again.

The musicians in Parker's group were not getting on very well. Parker's behavior was unpredictable because of his drug addiction. Davis and Roach did not agree with Parker hiring Duke Jordan as a pianist and would have preferred Bud Powell). In December 1948, Davis left the group after an argument with Parker at the "Royal Roost". He began to work more independently with different groups in New York.

In 1948 Davis grew close to the Canadian composer and music arranger Gil Evans. Davis used to meet other musicians at Evans' house, like Roach, the pianist John Lewis and the baritone saxophone player Gerry Mulligan. Evans had been the arranger for the orchestra of Claude Thornhill and it was the sound of this group, as well as Duke Ellington's example, that inspired the creation of a large group including a french horn and a tuba.

Davis took a very active role in the project, and it soon became "his project". They tried to achieve a sound similar to a human voice, over carefully arranged compositions.

The group first played in the summer of 1948 at the Royal Roost. They were active to the end of 1949 and had several changes of musician. There were many white musicians in the group and this made some African American jazz players angry. Many of them were unemployed at the time. Davis did not listen to them.

The group got a recording contract with Capitol Records and they had several recording sessions between January 1949 and April 1950. This music was released on an album called "Birth of the Cool". This album gave its name to a new style of jazz called "cool jazz". Davis knew how important his project was and even turned down a job with Duke Ellington's orchestra. This group also led to the beginning of the lifelong friendship between Davis and Gil Evans.

Bandleader

A bandleader is the leader of a group of musicians. Bandleaders often lead large groups that play genres like big band, jazz, blues, rhythm and blues and rock and roll. The bandleader directs the other musicians in the group. Bandleaders often perform in their groups as well. Sometimes bands are named after their bandleaders.










Neglect

Neglect is a kind of abuse where a person harms another person by not giving them the things they need to live. For example, a parent or caregiver may neglect a child by not giving them enough food, clothing, hygiene, medical care, affection or education; this is a form of child abuse. Victims of neglect are those that need looking after, like children, physically or mentally disabled adults, elderly people, medical patients, animals or plants.

Josef Mysliveček

Josef Mysliveček (born Prague, 9 March 1737; died Rome, 4 February 1781) was a Czech composer in the classical music period. Although his music is not often performed these days he composed a lot of attractive music which often sounds like Mozart. During the 1770s he was a good friend of the Mozart family.

Josef Mysliveček was born near Prague. He was a twin. His father was a miller who had quite a lot of money. After he left school he became a miller in the family business. He also studied music. He had already been a chorister in the choir of St Michal’s church where Felix Benda was choirmaster. From 1760 he studied counterpoint with František Habermann and organ with Josef Seger. He started to compose. He wrote six sinfonias which were called after the first six months of the year (in the Czech language the months have names which are about the seasons).

When his father died Mysliveček decided to become a composer. He left the family business to his younger brother. He wanted to learn more about composing so, in 1763, he travelled to Venice to study with Giovanni Pescetti. In Italy he became known as "Il Boemo" ("the Bohemian") and also "Venatorini", "the little hunter," which is what his name means literally. Most composers in those days were employed by rich nobles or rulers, but Mysliveček earned his living through teaching, performing, and composing music. He often got sums of money from rich people who liked his music. Although he came from a rich family he was careless with his money. When he died he was very poor.

Mysliveček stayed in Italy for the rest of his life. He only revisited Prague once (in 1767-68). Several of his operas were performed there. He also went to Vienna in 1773 and Munich from 1776-1778. He composed operas for several Italian theatres. He met Mozart in Bologna in 1770. Mozart was only 14 at the time. He was good friends with the Mozart family until 1778 when the Mozarts broke off their friendship because Mysliveček promised, but then did not arrange for Mozart to write an opera for the theatre in Naples.

Mysliveček had many sexual relationships during his life, although we do not know the names of his lovers. In the end he became ill with syphilis. He was very ill during the last part of his life. His face became a very strange shape, apparently because he was operated on by a bad surgeon. Mozart was very upset when he saw him looking so ill.

A lot of his music sounds like some of the early works of Mozart. Mozart, in return, uses several musical themes from compositions by Mysliveček. He also made an arrangement of an operatic aria by Mysliveček: "Il caro mio bene". Mozart changed the words and wrote "Ridente la calma," KV 152 (K⁶ 210a) for soprano with piano accompaniment.

He wrote twenty-six opera seria, more than any other composer at that time. They are full of da capo arias in which the singers can show off their technique. His orchestral music does not sound Czech, it is much more Italian in style. However, some of his chamber music has some Czech folk tunes.

His other pieces include oratorios, symphonies, concertos, and chamber music, including some of the earliest known string quintets composed with two violas. He was also one of the first composers to write good music for wind ensemble. He wrote some excellent violin concertos.

Freeman, Daniel E. "Josef Mysliveček, "Il Boemo": the Man and His Music". Sterling Heights, Mich.: Harmonie Park Press, 2009.


Ainaži

Ainaži is a port town in Latvia. It is close to the border of Estonia. The city has had town rights since 1926.

Aizkraukle

Aizkraukle is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1967.

Aizpute

Aizpute is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1378.

Aknīste

Aknīste is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Aloja, Latvia

Aloja is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1992.

Alūksne

Alūksne is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1920.

Ape, Latvia

Ape is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Auce

Auce is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1924.

Baldone

Baldone is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Baloži

Baloži is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Balvi

Balvi is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Bauska

Bauska is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1609.

Broceni

Brocēni is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1992.

Cēsis

Cēsis is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1206. Its population was 17,170 in 2016.

The Gauja River flows through the city. The river and the city are located in the heart of the Gauja National Park.


Cesvaine

Cesvaine is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Dagda, Latvia

Dagda is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1992.

Dobele

Dobele is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Durbe

Durbe is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1893.

Grobiņa

Grobiņa is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1695. It is approximately eleven kilometers east of Liepāja. 

Gulbene

Gulbene is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.


Ikšķile

Ikšķile is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1992.

Ilūkste

Ilūkste is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Jaunjelgava

Jaunjelgava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1647.

Jēkabpils

Jēkabpils is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1670.

Kalnciems

Kalnciems is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Kandava

Kandava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Kārsava

Kārsava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Krāslava

Krāslava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1923.

Kuldīga

Kuldīga (; ) is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1378. It is the center of the Kuldīga District. As of 2020, Kuldīga had a population of 10,352 people. River Venta travels through the city.

Kuldīga was founded by the German Livonian Order at 1242. It was called Goldingen by the Germans. It become the capital city of Courland at 1587-1617.

The old centre of the town is in the waiting list for UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Roads from Kuldīga: Ventspils—Saldus (P108), Kuldīga—Aizpute (P112), Kuldīga—Skrunda (P116), Kuldīga—Jūrkalne (P119), Kuldīga—Talsi (P120) and Kuldīga—Tukums (P121).

Latvian cities from Kuldīga are in:



Paul-Henri Thiry, Baron d'Holbach

Paul-Henri Thiry, Baron d'Holbach (8 December 1723 – 21 January 1789) was a French-German author, philosopher and encyclopedist. He was an important figure in the French Enlightenment. He was born Paul Heinrich Dietrich in Edesheim, near Landau in the Rhenish Palatinate. He spent most of his life in Paris, where he kept a "salon". He is best known for his atheism. He wrote a lot. Most of his writings are against religion. His best-known book is the "System of Nature".

Ķegums

Ķegums is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1993.

Lielvārde

Lielvārde is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1992.

Līgatne

Līgatne is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1993.

Limbaži

Limbaži is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1385.

Līvāni

Līvāni is a town in Latvia. It has had town rights since 1926.

Lubāna

Lubāna is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1992.

Ludza

Ludza is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1777.

Madona

Madona is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1926.

Mazsalaca

Mazsalaca is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Ogre, Latvia

Ogre is a town in Latvia. It has had town rights since 1929. It is the principal town of Ogre District in Central Latvia. It is where the Daugava and Ogre rivers come together.

Olaine

Olaine is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1967.

Pāvilosta

Pāvilosta is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Piltene

Piltene is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1557.

Pļaviņas

Pļaviņas is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1927.

Preiļi

Preiļi is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Priekule, Latvia

Priekule is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Rūjiena

Rūjiena is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1920.

Sabile

Sabile is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Salacgrīva

Salacgrīva is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Salaspils

Salaspils is a town in Latvia. It has had town rights since 1993. It is nearby the river Daugava and 18 kilometers from Riga.

Saldus

Saldus is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Saulkrasti

Saulkrasti () is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Seda, Latvia

Seda is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991. 

Sigulda

Sigulda is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928. It is the center of the Sigulda District. As of 2020, Sigulda had a population of 14,396 people. River Gauja travels through the city. Sigulda is the capital town of Gauja National Park.

Skrunda

Skrunda is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1996.

Smiltene

Smiltene is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1920.

Staicele

Staicele is a town in Latvia. It has had town rights since 1992.

Stende

Stende is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Strenči

Strenči is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Subate

Subate is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Talsi

Talsi is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Tukums

Tukums is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1795. In 2019, half of Latvia's tires were being recycled in the town. It has the second largest tire recycling plant in the Baltic country.

In 2020, Latvian president Egils Levits praised the region's leaders for its COVID-19 efforts and offering counselling to its residents. 




Valdemārpils

Valdemārpils is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.

Valka

Valka is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1584.

Valmiera

Valmiera (; ) is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1323, it is the largest city of the historical Vidzeme region, Latvia, with a total area of . It is the center of the Valmiera District. As of 2002, Valmiera had a population of 27,323, and in 2008 – 27,569.

It lies at the crossroads of several important roads, to the north-east from Riga, the capital of Latvia, and south of the border with Estonia. Valmiera lies on both banks of the Gauja River.

Valmiera is twinned with:

Vangaži

Vangaži is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1991.

Varakļāni

Varakļāni is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Viesīte

Viesīte is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Viļaka

Viļaka is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1945.

Viļāni

Viļāni is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928.

Zilupe

Zilupe is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1931.

Frederick Sanger

Frederick Sanger (; 13 August 1918 – 19 November 2013) was an English biochemist. 

Sanger is a two-time Nobel laureate in chemistry, the only person to have been so. Sanger is the fourth person to have been given two Nobel Prizes, either individually or in tandem with others.

In 1958 he was given a Nobel prize in chemistry "for his work on the structure of proteins, especially that of insulin". 

In 1980, Walter Gilbert and Sanger shared half of the chemistry prize "for their contributions concerning the determination of base sequences in nucleic acids". The other half was given to Paul Berg "for his fundamental studies of the biochemistry of nucleic acids, with particular regard to recombinant-DNA".

Sanger retired in 1983 to his home, "Far Leys", in Swaffham Bulbeck outside Cambridge. 

In 1992, the Wellcome Trust and the Medical Research Council founded the Sanger Centre (now the Sanger Institute), named after him. The Institute is on the Wellcome Trust Genome Campus near Hinxton, only a few miles from Sanger's home. John Sulston, the founding director, asked Sanger if the centre could be named in his honor. Sanger agreed but warned, "It had better be good". It was opened by Sanger himself on 4 October 1993, with a staff of less than 50 people. The Institute now has a leading role in the sequencing of the human genome. The Institute now has over 900 people and is one of the world's largest genomic research centres.

Although he retains his dislike of violence, he has lost his Quaker religious faith and calls himself an agnostic. In an interview published in the Times newspaper in 2000 Sanger is quoted as saying: "My father was a committed Quaker and I was brought up as a Quaker, and for them truth is very important. I drifted away from those beliefs – one is obviously looking for truth but one needs some evidence for it. Even if I wanted to believe in God I would find it very difficult. I would need to see proof". 

He declined the offer of a knighthood as he did not wish to be addressed as "Sir" but later accepted the award of an Order of Merit.

In 2007 the British Biochemical Society was given a grant by the Wellcome Trust to catalogue and preserve the 35 laboratory notebooks in which Sanger recorded his remarkable research from 1944 to 1983. In reporting this matter, "Science" journal noted that Sanger, "the most self-effacing person you could hope to meet", was now spending his time gardening at his Cambridgeshire home.

Sanger died on 19 November 2013 in his Cambridge, England home, aged 95. His scientific biography is currently being written for publication in 2014.

List of settlements in Latvia

There are 9 cities and 67 towns in Latvia. This is a list of the cities and towns.

Mats Sundin

Mats Johan Sundin (born February 13, 1971) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey player. Sundin played a career total of 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Quebec Nordiques, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Vancouver Canucks. Sundin served as the team captain of the Toronto Maple Leafs for 11 seasons. When the 2007–08 NHL season ended, Sundin became the longest serving non-North American born captain in NHL history. He last played 41 games with the Vancouver Canucks in the 2008–09 NHL season before he announced his retirement on September 30, 2009.

On November 12, 2012, Sundin along with Joe Sakic, Adam Oates, and Pavel Bure was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.


Khorasan province

Khorasan (Persian: خراسان) was the largest province of Iran until it was divided into three provinces on September 29, 2004: 


Khorasan is famous worldwide for its saffron and zereshk which are produced in the southern cities of the province. It is also known for its famous rugs. 

Khorasan is the birthplace of Ferdowsi, the famous Iranian poet who wrote the Shahnameh (Shāhnāme), the national epic of Persian people and of the Iranian World. 

Imam Reza Shrine (the shrine of the 8th shi'a Imam), the center of Razavi Khorasan Province.

Geoffrey Prior

Sir Geoffrey Prior (1896-1972) was the first Chief commissioner of Balochistan (Pakistan) from 15 August 1947 to 3 October 1947.

Ambrose Dundas Flux Dundas

Sir Ambrose Dundas Flux Dundas KCIE, CSI (b.1899-d.1973) was the second chief commissioner of Balochistan (Pakistan) from 4 October 1947 - 8 April 1948, and the second governor of the North West Frontier Province from 9 April 1948 - 16 July 1949.

Dundas was Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1952 to 1959.

Frederick Chalmers Bourne

Sir Frederick Chalmers Bourne (12 August 1891 – 1977) was an English colonial administrator. He served in British India. He began his service in the Royal Army. He then served in the civil service from 1920. He worked in Lahore for several years, and held several high positions for the government of Punjab. Bourne was appointed acting Governor of the Central Provinces and Berar from May to October 1945, and as the acting Governor of Assam in 1946. He then served as the last Governor of the Central Provinces and Berar, from 1946 until independence of India in 1947. Bourne was then appointed the first governor of East Bengal, United Pakistan. He was governor from 15 August 1947 to 5 April 1950.


Francis Mudie

Sir Francis Mudie (1890–1976) was the first governor of the Punjab in Pakistan from 15 August 1947 to 2 August 1949.

George Cunningham (governor)

Sir George Cunningham (1888 - 1964) was the first governor of the North-West Frontier Province province in Pakistan. He was governor from 15 August 1947 to 8 April 1948.

1899 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1899 Atlantic hurricane season was during the summer and fall of 1899. Nine storms were seen during this time, five of them were hurricane and the other four were tropical storms. Hurricane Three or the Hurricane San Ciriaco was the longest lived Atlantic hurricane. It also killed about 3433 people, making it the tenth deadliest Atlantic hurricane. 

Tropical Storm One was a weak tropical storm in late June. One started in the northwest corner of the Gulf of Mexico. It made landfall in Texas and quickly died, the same day. 

This storm was seen about 2 days before it hit Hispaniola. It later hit Florida in the Panhandle on August 1. Two died the next day. This storm killed 6 people and caused almost $600,000 in damage.

Hurricane Three, which was called the Hurricane San Ciriaco, was the longest lived hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean. The hurricane affected about six countries. This hurricane lived from August 3 to September 4, nearly a month. It killed about 3,433 people.

Hurricane Four was a category 2 hurricane that struck Haiti in early September. The hurricane caused no damage or deaths. 

Hurricane Five was a category 3 hurricane that mostly stayed at sea. But before it died, it hit Newfoundland as a weak hurricane. 

Six was a strong tropical storm in early October, 1899. It died not very long after making a landfall near Gainesville, Florida.

Tropical Storm Seven was a weak tropical storm. It lasted during the middle of October, 1899. Seven did not affect any land.

This category 2 hurricane struck Cuba and South Carolina. It was a category 1 when it struck both of those places. 

Tropical Storm Nine was the last storm in 1899. It lasted during early to mid November in 1899. This storm also struck Cuba.

1890 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1890 Atlantic hurricane season was one of the least active hurricane seasons, with only 4 storms. This season got an early start, as Tropical Storm One started in May. There were also only 9 deaths in 1890.

Paul Cézanne

Paul Cézanne (19 January 1839 – 22 October 1906) was a French painter. He was born in Aix-en-Provence, in the south of France, and died of pneumonia there.

The artistic career of Paul Cézanne lasted more than forty years, from roughly 1860 to 1906. A busy artist, he produced more than 900 oil paintings and 400 watercolours, including many incomplete works. 

Cézanne's work is broadly post-impressionist. His work helped change the 19th-century idea of art to the very different world of art in the 20th century. Cézanne's work is the bridge between late 19th-century Impressionism and the early 20th-century Cubism. The line attributed to both Matisse and Picasso that "Cézanne is the father of us all" is significant.

Cézanne's work shows a mastery of design, colour and composition. His brushstrokes are clearly recognizable. He used planes of colour and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields. The paintings reveal Cézanne's intense study of his subjects, a searching gaze, and a struggle to deal with the complexity of human visual perception.

Cézanne's "The Card Players" (1882) is at present the world's most expensive painting. It was sold for more than $250 million in 2011 to the royal family of Qatar. What makes this all the more remarkable is that there are four other Cézanne 'Card Players'. They are in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Musée d’Orsay, the Courtauld, and the Barnes Foundation. His best friend was Emile Zola.

In Paris, Cézanne met the Impressionist Camille Pissarro in the mid-1860s. Initially the friendship was that of master and disciple, with Pissarro having an influence on the younger artist. Over the course time their landscape painting trips, in Louveciennes and Pontoise, led to a working relationship between equals.

Cézanne's early work is often concerned with the figure in the landscape, imaginatively painted. Later in his career, he became more interested in working from direct observation and gradually developed a light, airy painting style that was to influence the Impressionists enormously. In Cézanne's mature work we see the development of a solidified, almost architectural style of painting. He ordered whatever he saw into simple forms and colour planes. His statement "I want to make of impressionism something solid and lasting like the art in the museums", and his contention that he was recreating Poussin "after nature" proved his desire to unite observation of nature with the permanence of classical composition.

Many of his paintings show people bathing, with the Montagne Sainte-Victoire in the background. These mountains are situated east of Aix-en-Provence. He also painted many still lifes, and portraits of his wife, with these mountains. 

His colleagues included Pissarro, Monet and Renoir. Ambroise Vollard, an art critic with a gallery, was among the first people who bought Cézanne's artworks. In 1895, Vollard had the first exhibition showing Cézanne's works in his gallery, in Paris. 

Cézanne's work influenced other artists, especially Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque, who started Cubism, as well as Henri Matisse. Paul Cézanne can also be seen as a post-impressionist, who helped shape modernism in painting. Paul Cézanne painted over 900 oil paintings and 400 watercolours, over 200 of them being still life paintings.


Alice DeeJay

Alice DeeJay was a Dutch electronic music group, who achieved success from 1999 to 2002. The group consisted of record producers Pronti (born Sebastiaan Molijn), Kalmani (born Eelke Kalberg) and DJ Jurgen, with lead singer Judith Anna Pronk. The groups best known song is "Better Off Alone" from their 2000 album, "Who Needs Guitars Anyway?".

 

Myriapoda

The Myriapoda is a subphylum of arthropods. It contains the millipedes, centipedes, and others. The group has 13,000 species, all of which are terrestrial. Their name suggests they have many legs. In fact one has over 750 legs ("Illacme plenipes"), but some have fewer than ten legs.

The fossil record of myriapods goes back into the late Silurian, though molecular evidence suggests they diversified in the Cambrian period. Cambrian fossils do exist which look like myriapods.

Myriapods have a single pair of antennae and, in most cases, simple eyes. The mouthparts lie on the underside of the head,
. There is an "epistome" and labrum forming the upper lip, and a pair of maxillae forming the lower lip. A pair of mandibles lie inside the mouth. Myriapods breathe through spiracles that connect to a tracheal system similar to that of insects.

There has been much debate as to which arthropod group is most closely related to the Myriapoda. Under the Mandibulata hypothesis, Myriapoda is the sister taxon to Pancrustacea, a group comprising the Crustacea and Hexapoda. Under the Atelocerata hypothesis, Hexapoda is the closest, whereas under the Paradoxopoda hypothesis, Chelicerata is the closest. This last hypothesis, although supported by few morphological characters, is supported by a number of molecular studies.

There are four classes of living myriapods, Chilopoda (centipedes), Diplopoda (millipedes), Pauropoda and Symphyla. There is a total of around 12,000 living species. While each of these groups of myriapods is believed to be monophyletic, relationships among them are less certain.

Centipedes make up the class Chilopoda. They are fast, predatory and venomous, hunting mostly at night. There are around 3,300 species, ranging from the diminutive "Nannarup hoffmani" (less than half an inch in length,  mm) to the giant "Scolopendra gigantea", which may exceed .

Millipedes are the class Diplopoda, where most segments appear to have two pairs of legs. This happened because each pair of body segments fused (joined) into a single unit, which gives them the appearance of having two pairs of legs per segment.

They are slower than centipedes, and feed on leaf litter and detritus. Around 8,000 species have been described, which may represent less than a tenth of the true global millipede diversity. One species, "Illacme plenipes" has the greatest number of legs of any animal, with 750. Millipedes typically have between 36 and 400 legs. Pill millipedes are much shorter, and are capable of rolling up into a ball, like pillbugs.

About 200 species of symphylans are known worldwide. They resemble centipedes but are smaller and translucent. Many spend their lives as soil infauna, but some live arboreally. Juveniles have six pairs of legs, but, over a lifetime of several years, add an additional pair at each moult so that the adult instar has twelve pairs of legs.

Pauropoda is another small group of small myriapods. They are typically 0.5–2.0 mm long and live in the soil on all continents except Antarctica. Over 700 species have been described. They are believed to be the sister group to millipedes, and have the dorsal tergites fused across pairs of segments, similar to the more complete fusion of segments seen in millipedes.

Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation

Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, more commonly referred to as TENS (or sometimes TeNS), is defined by the American Physical Therapy Association as application of electrical current through the skin for pain control.

Fenwick Island, Delaware

Fenwick Island is a town in Sussex County, which is in the state of Delaware in the United States. There were 343 people in the town in 2020. Fenwick Island is part of the Seaford, Delaware Micropolitan Statistical Area. Fenwick Island is on the Atlantic Ocean north of Ocean City, Maryland.

General American English

General American (GA) is a major accent of American English. Within American English, General American and accents approximating it are contrasted with Southern American English, several Northeastern accents, and other distinct regional accents and social group accents like African American Vernacular English.

Thomas Linley the younger

Thomas Linley (born Bath, England, 5 May 1756; died Grimsthorpe, Lincs 5 Aug 1778) was an English composer and violinist. He was born in the same year as Mozart and, like Mozart, he was an astonishing child prodigy. He would almost certainly have been one of England’s greatest composers if he had not died at the age of 22.

Thomas came from a musical family. His father, also called Thomas Linley, was a composer, singing teacher and harpsichord player. His young son was soon showing exceptional musical skills. We do not know who taught him the violin in his early years, but people writing at the time all say he was a brilliant player. He went to Italy to study the violin and composition with Nardini in Florence. He met Mozart there in 1770 and he also met Charles Burney in the same year. Burney wrote that Linley was the most promising genius of the time.

In 1771 Linley went back to England. He was the leader of the orchestra in the theatre in Drury Lane. He often played concertos between the acts of oratorios.

During the last five years of his life he composed a large amount of excellent music. Unfortunately a lot of it has been lost. Gainsborough twice painted a portrait of him.

He died in a boating accident when he was on holiday with his family in Lincolnshire.



Kaiane Aldorino

Kaiane Loise Aldorino Lopez, GMH (née Aldorino; born 8 July 1986) is a Gibraltarian politician and beauty queen. She won Miss World 2009 on December 12, 2009. She was born July 8, 1986 in Gibraltar. From 2017 to 2019, she was Mayor of Gibraltar.

Thomas Linley the elder

Thomas Linley (born Badminton, Gloucestershire, England, 17 January 1733; died London 19 November 1795), was an English composer, harpsichordist and singing teacher. He studied with Thomas Chilcot, organist of Bath Abbey, and later with William Boyce and possibly also with Paradies, the Italian harpsichordist who had come to live in England.

He soon became well known as a singing teacher and composed a lot of music for the Drury Lane theatre, London.

He married a girl called Mary Johnson and the couple had twelve children. Several of them were gifted musicians, especially Thomas who died at the age of 22 in a boating accident.

Thomas Linley was chosen to be a member of the Royal Society of Musicians in 1777. He is buried in Wells Cathedral.


Hypothetical imperative

A hypothetical imperative is a rule of the form "If you want x, then do y". Moral theories may generally have this structure. This means that only those who want x, must do y. Another view is that moral values are not relative to some objective, but are the same for all, that is they are unconditional, or categorical.

for example, if you wish to do well in exams, you can study. But this doesn't stop you from not studying - studying is a hypothetical imperative which is entirely optional. However, not stealing is a categorical imperative: It is to be obeyed at all times, whether you like it or not. For example, you cannot steal bread, even if it means you will die. 

The term was coined by Immanuel Kant, and is the opposite of Categorical imperatives. 

William Boyce

William Boyce (born London, 11 September 1711; died Kensington, 7 February 1779) is one of the most important English composers of the 18th century. He was composing during the last years of the Baroque period and the early years of the Classical Period. He is famous for his church music as well as music for the theatre and orchestral music.

Boyce was born in the City of London. His father was a cabinetmaker. His house was known by the sign of a Naked Boy which hung outside.

Boyce was a choirboy at St Paul's Cathedral and then studied music with Maurice Greene after his voice broke. When he had finished his studies he got a job as organist at the Earl of Oxford’s chapel in Cavendish Square. Two years later he went to St Michael’s Cornhill. He was still studying music, now his teacher was Pepusch.

Boyce wrote songs for Vauxhall Gardens. Many people would have heard these songs. He became composer to the Chapel Royal in 1736. This was a great honour. He wrote several big works, although we do not know much about them or about their performances. Some time during the 1740s he composed a theatre work called "The Secular Masque". The words were by John Dryden. In 1749 he was given the title of Doctor of Music after a performance of his anthem "O be joyful".

Boyce was very famous by now. He went to live in a large house in Chancery Lane. He seems to have married and started a family. He was asked to compose for the theatre in Drury Lane. It is surprising he had not been asked to write theatre music before. It may be because he was going deaf. This would have made it difficult for him to rehearse his music with the orchestra.

Boyce wrote a good deal of music for the theatre. There seems to have been some rivalry with the composer Thomas Arne. Probably the composers themselves did not want this rivalry, it was encouraged by their supporters.

In 1755, when Maurice Green died, William Boyce was made Master of the King's Music in his place. He was expected to compose odes for every New Year and for the King’s birthday. He did this for the rest of his life.

Not much of Boyce’s works were published during his lifetime. He wrote eight symphonies. The earlier ones are in a Baroque style. Later his style started to change to become more Classical, but by the time he was very deaf he could not hear new music that was being composed by other people, so his style did not develop any more. He spent a lot of his time putting together a collection of church music called 
"Cathedral Music". It included music from two centuries of English church music, especially music by John Blow, Henry Purcell, Pelham Humfrey and Orlando Gibbons. He encouraged singers to sing with a score in front of them (music which shows all the singing parts) instead of just the part that they sing, so that they could see how their part fitted in with the others. This is normal today, but it was a new idea at the time. He had to spend a lot of his time writing unimportant music for the king which was unlikely ever to be performed more than once.

Boyce is best known for his eight symphonies, his anthems and his odes. He also wrote the masque "Peleus and Thetis" and songs for John Dryden's "Secular Masque", incidental music for William Shakespeare's "The Tempest", "Cymbeline", "Romeo and Juliet" and "The Winter's Tale", and a lot of chamber music including a set of twelve trio sonatas. He also composed the British and Canadian Naval March "Heart of Oak". The lyrics were later written by David Garrick. His music is always skilfully written, especially his fugues and dances.

Boyce was largely forgotten after his death. In the 19th century he was known mainly for editing "Cathedral Music". Today some of his orchestral and instrumental pieces are often played.


The Starry Night

The Starry Night is a famous painting of a moonlit sky with stars in it by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in 1889. It was one of the last paintings he made.


Money Talks

Money Talks is a 1997 action/comedy movie directed by Brett Ratner and starring Chris Tucker and Charlie Sheen. It was released to theaters by New Line Cinema

Kalgan River

The Kalgan River is in Western Australia near Albany. It is one of the oldest rivers in the world and has seen dinosaurs on its banks. It is about in length.

The river was named the 'Riviere des Francais' by the French Scientific Expedition in 1803 led by Nicolas Baudin. Early settlers called it the 'French River'. The explorer Dr Alexander Collie wrote down the name of the river as 'Kal-gan-up' in April 1831. The name Kalganup is thought to be the Noongar word for 'place of many waters'. Kalganup is also thought to mean 'place of fishes' and there are still the remains of Aboriginal fish traps to prove the point.

Gas mask

A gas mask is a kind of mask that fits over the face area and nose. It protects from poison gases and many other hazards in the air. During World War II gas masks were sent all over England. They were worn everywhere, even to sleep, in case of surprise attack. However, the Germans didn't attack with gas bombs. Gas masks have a filter, a type of material which lets good air in.

George Whipple

George Hoyt Whipple (August 26, 1878 - February 1, 1976) was an American Medical doctor and scientist. He won the 1934 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with George Minot and William P. Murphy, for their discoveries about how eating liver could cure anaemia.

Milişăuţi

Milişăuţi is a town in Suceava County, Romania. In 2011, 4,958 people lived there according to the census.

Fălticeni

Fălticeni (; ; ) is a city in Suceava County, Romania, capital of the former Baia County (1929-1950). As of 2003 the population is 28,899, and the city covers an area of 28,76 km², of which 25% are orchards and lakes. The city is away from Suceava, the capital of the county.

Vicovu de Sus

Vicovu de Sus () is a town in northern Suceava County, Romania. It is on the border with Ukraine.

George Minot

George Richards Minot (December 2, 1885 - February 25, 1950) was an American doctor. He won the 1934 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with George Whipple and William P. Murphy, for their discoveries how eating liver could cure anaemia.

Tertiary

The Tertiary was an official geological period, but it is no longer used. It included the first part of the Cainozoic. This is now divided into the Palaeogene and the Neogene.

The previous use of the term "Tertiary" explains why the last period of the Cainozoic is called the Quarternary. There was a big debate about that. These decisions are made by the International Union of Geological Sciences (IUGS). This organisation runs an International Commission on Stratigraphy, which decides how we should name geological strata and stages. 

In 19th and 20th century scientific literature, Tertiary is used where geologists now use Palaeogene and Neogene.

Quaternary

The Quaternary is the current geological period. It is the most recent of the three periods of the Cainozoic era. The Quaternary follows the Neogene, which is the second period of the Cainozoic.

The Quaternary began about 2.6 million years ago, and continues today. A great deal of information is considered when geologists discuss the timing of periods. The status of the Quaternary as a period is confirmed by the "International Commission on Stratigraphy" (ICS). 

In the Quarternary were the glaciations known as the Ice Age. Also, anatomically modern humans evolved. During the Quaternary, many large mammalian species became extinct. This was due to climate change and hunting by humans.

The Quaternary includes two geologic epochs: 

Changes in Earth's climate is caused by slight changes in the Earth's orbit round the Sun, and by the tilt of the Earth's axis.

ICal

iCal is a personal calendar application made by Apple Inc. that runs on the macOS operating system. iCal was the first calendar application for macOS to offer support for multiple calendars and the ability to publish/subscribe calendars to WebDAV server.

Originally released as a free download for Mac OS X v10.2 on September 10 2002, with the release of Mac OS X v10.3 it was bundled with the operating system as iCal 1.5. Version 2 of iCal was released as part of Mac OS X v10.4, Version 3 with Mac OS X v10.5 and Version 4 as part of Mac OS X v10.6.

Apple licensed the iCal name from Brown Bear Software, who used it for their iCal application since 1997.

iCal development is quite different from other Apple software because it was designed independently by a small French team working "secretly" in Paris, led by Jean-Marie Hullot, a friend of Steve Jobs. iCal's development has been transferred to Apple US headquarters in Cupertino.

It has been reported that some users of iCal who have their calendar on a CalDAV server can not view or add events to their calendar. This issue is specific to Google Calendar users.

The release of Snow Leopard introduced several bugs into Snow Leopard, with regard to iCal alarms. These problems include alarms not firing; all alarms being set to one fixed date and time in the past, preventing them from firing; alarms from repeat events being fired for all historic occurrences of that repeated event, resulting in dozens of alarms for one event. Updates to Snow Leopard 10.6.1 and 10.6.2 have not addressed these problems.

iCal supports times zones, i.e.: if the function is enabled, and the computer's time zone changes, all the events in iCal are shifted to compensate for the time zone difference. The bug is that this function also occurs when it is turned off, therefore, whenever the computer's time zone changes, all the events in iCal shift as well. 


Palaeogene

The Palaeogene (meaning “old generation” in Greek) is the first geological period of the Cainozoic and the tenth period in the Phanerozoic eon. It began 65 million years ago, and ended 23 million years ago. Before it was the Cretaceous. The Palaeogene was followed by the Neogene.

The Palaeogene had three stages: Palaeocene, Eocene and Oligocene.

The Palaeogene and the succeeding Neogene were originally considered to be one period, the Tertiary, until it was split recently .

The climate was warmer than today. The world was largely forested, and the larger land animals were browsers, not grazers. Grasses existed, but they had not yet become the dominant ecology they became later. The change to a modern climate came in the Miocene period, which started off like the Paleogene, but changed towards a modern-type ecology with less rainfall and widespread grasslands.

Neogene

The Neogene is the second geological period of the Cainozoic. It began 23 million years ago, and ended about 2.6 million years ago. Before the Neogene was the Palaeogene. The Neogene and the preceding Palaeogene were originally together considered one period, the Tertiary.

The Neogene has two stages: Miocene, and Pliocene. It is followed by the Quaternary. Some geologists think that the Neogene cannot be clearly distinguished from the modern geological period, the Quaternary.
The global climate became seasonal and with an overall drying and cooling trend. The ice caps on both poles began to grow and thicken. By the end of the period the first glaciation of the current Ice Age began.

Marine and continental flora and fauna have a modern appearance. Mammals and birds adapted to various habitats. The first humans (belonging to the species "Homo habilis") appeared in Africa near the end of the period.

Palaeocene

The Palaeocene is the first geological epoch in the Palaeogene. It was from 66 to 56 million years ago. It started after the end of the Cretaceous, and it was followed by the Eocene epoch.

The word "Palaeocene" may be spelled "Paleocene" quite correctly. It is just an alternative spelling. 

The Palaeocene began and ended with an extinction event, each of quite a different character. The epoch began with the K/T extinction event, caused by a combination of a meteorite strike (Chicxulub crater) and a huge volcanic flood basalt eruption. The eruption produced the Deccan Traps in what is now India. This would have caused the extinction of many groups. 

The epoch ended with the "Palaeocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum", a deep ocean anoxic event (DOAE). This means that the ocean depths were lacking oxygen, so no higher forms of life could survive there. This produced a mass extinction of between 35–50% of deep water forms such as benthic foraminifera. At the same time there was a major change of mammalian types on land.

After a cooler start, the climate grew warmer during the epoch, far warmer than today, and the world was heavily forested. There were no ice caps at the poles. Warm seas circulated throughout the world, including the poles. The earliest Paleocene featured a low diversity and abundance of marine life, but this trend reversed later in the epoch. Tropical conditions gave rise to abundant marine life, including coral reefs. With the extinction of marine reptiles at the end of the Cretaceous, sharks became the top predators. At the end of the Cretaceous, the ammonites and many species of foraminifera became extinct.

Marine faunas also came to look like modern faunas. Only the marine mammals and an important family of sharks, the Carcharhinidae, are missing.

Non-avian dinosaurs may have survived to some extent into the early Danian stage of the Paleocene Epoch about 66 mya. The controversial evidence for such is a hadrosaur leg bone found from Paleocene strata in New Mexico; but such stray late forms may be derived fossils. This means they were fossilised, then erosion uncovered them, then they were buried again in a younger layer of rocks.

The warm Paleocene climate, much like that of the Cretaceous, supported polar forests. Rainfall is a major factor in plant diversity nearer the equator, but polar plants have to adapt to light (polar nights and midnight suns) and temperature. Because of this, plants from both poles evolved some similar characteristics, such as broad leaves. Plant diversity at both poles increased throughout the Paleocene, especially at the end, with the increasing global temperature.

The Palaeocene is divided into three stages:

Byron Moreno

Byron Moreno (born 23 November 1969) is a former Ecuadorian football referee. He has been suspended for his job, because he showed illegal red cards. He was also arrested in New York for the possession of the illegal drug heroin and was fined for drunk driving.

Eocene

The Eocene was the second geological epoch in the Palaeogene, and by far the longest. It began 56 million years ago, and ended 33.9 million years ago with a global warning crisis. Before it was the Palaeocene, and after it was the Oligocene.

The Eocene, like the Palaeocene before it, had a climate much warmer than today. At the start of the Eocene the "Palaeocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum" was reached. This lasted for 100,000 years, and caused a large extinction event. The land was heavily forested, with temperate forests into Arctic and Antarctic regions. The many herbivorous mammals were browsers, not grazers. All the members of the new mammal orders were small, under 10 kg. Eocene mammals were only 60% of the size of the primitive Palaeocene mammals that came before them. They were also smaller than the mammals that followed them (a typical exmaple is "Eohippus"). 

The end of the Eocene was the beginning of the Oligocene (33.9 million years ago). Many plant and animal species went extinct. This was the Eocene–Oligocene extinction event. The extinction event was probably caused by meteorite strikes in Siberia and Chesapeake Bay.

Tropical peatlands coexist with swamp forests in the Eocene. This is the most recent period which has left us coal measures. It was so hot in the Eocene that there was a high level of plant growth. Polar forests were quite extensive. Fossils and preserved remains of trees such as swamp cypress and dawn redwood from the Eocene have been found on Ellesmere Island in the Arctic.

The end-Eocene flora and some of its fauna is well seen at Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument, Rocky Mountains, Colorado.

Islam in Pakistan

Islam is the official religion of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. As of 2017, 97% of the population is Muslim, with 75% being Sunni and 20% Shi'a. There are about~230 millions (2021 est.) Muslim population in Pakistan which is the second largest Muslim population in the world after Indonesia. The Shi'a Muslim population is the second largest in the world after Iran, more than 60 million. Pakistan has been called a "global centre for political Islam". Pakistani nationalism is religious in nature being Islamic nationalism. Religion was the basis of Pakistani nationalist narrative.

In 644 A.D. an Arab Army under the command of Hakam defeated the combined forces of Makran and Sindh, which was prominently Buddhist at the time. The period of Arab rule brought the religion of Islam to the Indus Valley. The Baloch tribes gradually embraced Islam, replacing their centuries-old Zoroastrian religion. Islam arrived in the area of modern Pakistan in 711 AD, 79 yrs after the of death of the prophet Muhammad. The Umayyad dynasty sent a Muslim Arab army led by Muhammad bin Qasim al-Thaqafi against the ruler of Sindh, Raja Dahir. Raja Dahir had given refuge to many Zoroastrian Princes who had fled the Islamic conquest of the Persian Empire. Muhammad Bin Qasim's army was defeated in his first three attempts. The Muslim army conquered the northwestern part of Indus Valley from Kashmir to the Arabian Sea. 

The arrival of the Arab Muslim armies to the provinces of Sindh and Punjab, along with subsequent Muslim dynasties, set the religious boundaries of South Asia. This would lead to the development of the modern state of Pakistan as well as forming the foundation for Islamic rule across much of South Asia. Following the rule of various Islamic empires, including the Ghaznavid Empire, the Ghorid Kingdom, and the Delhi Sultanate, the Mughals controlled the region from 1526 until 1739. Muslim technocrats, bureaucrats, soldiers, traders, scientists, architects, teachers, theologians and Sufis flocked from the rest of the Muslim world to Sultanate and Mughal Empire in South Asia.

Kashmir Smast

The Kashmir Smast caves are a series of natural limestone caves, artificially expanded from the Kushan Empire to the Shahi periods, in the Babozai mountains in the Mardan Valley in Northern Pakistan. 

Lower Cretaceous

The Lower Cretaceous is the first geological epoch in the Cretaceous. It began 145 million years ago, and ended 100.5 million years ago.

Lasting for about 46 million years, this is the longest stage in the Phanerozoic eon. It is longer than some of the geological periods in the Phanerozoic. 

The Lower Cretaceous is best displayed in England, where it is composed of two series of rocks. Between the two is a major rise in sea level. 

The two parts of the Cretaceous represent the sea level where the divisions were first defined. In the Lower Cretaceous, the sea level was much lower than in the Upper Cretaceous. In the Wealden, Southern England was a huge tropical river delta; in the Greensand the same areas were just offshore. However, in the Upper Cretaceous the deposits were made in deeper water, on what was then the continental shelf. Sea level then stood at its highest level in the Mesozoic.

Trio sonata

A trio sonata is a type of music for four instruments which was very popular during the 17th century and early 18th century: the period known as the Baroque period.

A trio sonata is written for three voices (three parts), in other words, it can be played by three different instruments. The two upper voices share the same musical themes. They often imitate one another. They are of equal importance. The third part, the lowest part, is played by basso continuo, which means the accompaniment. This continuo is usually played by two instruments: typically a cello or bass viol and a keyboard instrument such as the harpsichord. That makes four players, of course. However, the harpsichord player’s left hand notes are the same as the cello’s notes. This is the “third” part of the trio.

Some of the best trio sonatas are those by Arcangelo Corelli. His collection of trio sonatas numbered opus 1 and 3 are sonata da chiesa: four movements (slow-fast-slow-fast) finishing with a fugue. His op 2 and 4 sonatas are sonata da camera type: each movement is a kind of dance. Corelli’s trio sonatas are for two violins and continuo. 

Johann Sebastian Bach wrote a trio sonata in "The Musical Offering" for violin, flute and continuo. 

Bach also wrote six trio sonatas for organ. These are played by one player. The organist’s two hands each play on different manuals (keyboards) so that they sound like two different instruments. The organist’s feet play the third part on the pedals. Each part is strictly a single line (no chords, never more than three notes at a time) so that these works can also be played by other instruments (e.g. two violins and cello with harpsichord).

Bach also wrote sonatas for one melodic instrument and harpsichord. These pieces are really trio sonatas, although he does not call them trio sonatas. The melodic instrument (normally violin or flute) plays the top part, the harpsichordist plays the second part with his right hand, and the third part is the lowest part of his left hand notes.

Some other composers who wrote trio sonatas are Tomaso Albinoni, Henry Purcell, Dieterich Buxtehude, George Frideric Handel, Georg Philipp Telemann, Johann Pachelbel and Antonio Vivaldi. 


K/T extinction event

The Cretaceous–Tertiary extinction event, now called the Cretaceous–Palaeogene extinction event, was about 65.5 million years ago. It may be called the K/T extinction event or K/Pg event for short. This is the famous event which killed most of the dinosaurs at the end of the Cretaceous period.

It was a large-scale mass extinction of animal and plant species. The event marks the end of the Mesozoic era and the beginning of the Cainozoic era.

Dinosaur fossils are only found below the K/T boundary. This shows they became extinct before, or during the event. Mosasaurs, plesiosaurs, pterosaurs and many species of plants and invertebrates also became extinct.

Mammalian and bird groups got through the event with some extinctions. Those that survived became widespread and varied during their later evolutionary radiation.

The K/T extinctions were so sudden and far-reaching that they must have been caused by something sudden and powerful. One or more massive asteroid or meteor impacts, and increased volcanic activity have been suggested.

How quickly animals died out around the world is an important clue. Patterns in rocks also suggest causes. There are several impact craters and massive volcanic activity in the Deccan Traps in India dated to about the same time as the extinctions. Those impacts and volcanoes would have reduced sunlight and hindered photosynthesis, disrupting Earth's ecology.

The best supported theory is that the meteorite strike in the Yucatan was the main cause of the extinction at the end of the Mesozoic era.

There were several impact events across the Cretaceous/Tertiary boundary, such as the Chicxulub crater in Mexico, Boltysh crater in Ukraine, Silverpit crater in North Sea, and the Shiva crater offshore western India. 
The Shiva crater is a sea floor structure under the continental shelf in the Indian Ocean, west of Mumbai, India. It was named by paleontologist Sankar Chatterjee after Shiva, the Hindu god of destruction and renewal.


John Rutter

John Rutter (born London 24 September 1945) is an English composer and choral conductor. He has composed a lot of church music. Many of his anthems and songs are very popular indeed with church choirs as well as choral societies. He writes in a style that can be enjoyed easily, and at the same time it is excellent music.

Rutter was born in London. He went to school at Highgate School. Another pupil in the school was John Tavener who was also to become a famous composer, although his style of music is very different.

Rutter studied music at Clare College, Cambridge. He became director of music at Clare College in 1975 and made the choir internationally famous.

In 1974, Rutter visited the United States where he conducted his new cantata "Gloria" which became a great favourite. He also conducted his "Eight Childhood Lyrics".

In 1981 Rutter started a choir of his own, the Cambridge Singers. He still conducts them. They have made many recordings. Rutter still lives near Cambridge and spends his time composing and conducting all over the world.

Rutter has been given many honours, including honorary Fellow of Westminster Choir College, Princeton (1980), Fellow of the Guild of Church Musicians (1988). In 1996 the Archbishop of Canterbury gave him the Lambeth Doctorate of Music to celebrate all he has done for church music. He was made a CBE in 2007.

Rutter also works as an arranger and editor. His collection of "Carols for Choirs" which he prepared together with Sir David Willcocks is extremely widely used in Britain.

Rutter's compositions include Christmas carols, anthems and longer choral works such as a "Gloria", a "Magnificat", and a "Requiem".

In 2002 his setting of "Psalm 150", written for the Queen's Golden Jubilee, was performed at the thanksgiving service in St Paul's Cathedral, London. He has also written an opera for young people called "Bang!". His "Mass for Children" was first performed in 2003 in the Carnegie Hall, New York.

Most of his songs and anthems were written at first with piano or organ accompaniment, but he has also arranged many of them for orchestral accompaniment as well.

Danny Bonaduce

Dante Daniel "Danny" Bonaduce (born August 13, 1959) is an American radio and TV host, and he was a child actor.

He is famous for being on the 1970s sitcom/television series "The Partridge Family".

Permian–Triassic extinction event

The Permian/Triassic extinction event was the largest extinction event in the Phanerozoic eon. 57% of all biological families, 83% of all genera, 96% of all marine species became extinct. This includes many fish and the last surviving trilobites, 70% of all terrestrial vertebrates and many of the large amphibia, primitive reptiles and synapsids. It is the only known extinction event of insects. It ended the Palaeozoic era, and began the Mesozoic era.

The event forms the boundary between the Permian and Triassic periods, at about 252 million years ago. Because so much biodiversity was lost, the recovery of life on Earth took much longer than after other extinction events. This event has been described as the "mother of all mass extinctions".
The pattern of extinction is still unclear. Different studies suggest one to three separate pulses.

There are several proposed mechanisms for the extinctions. These include: large or multiple meteorite impacts, increased volcanism, sudden release of methane hydrates from the sea floor. Gradual changes include sea level change, oceanic anoxic events, increasing aridity, and a shift in ocean circulation driven by climate change.

One thing is probably significant. One of the largest ever flood basalt eruptions took place across the P/Tr junction. These eruptions, from 251 to 250 million years ago, produced the Siberian Traps, a huge volcanic province in Siberia. This would certainly have made the world's climate much worse, and is now thought to be the main cause of this great extinction.

Another factor is that global sea levels were at an historic low point at the time. Lastly, it should be remembered that Pangaea was in existence: volcanic eruptions would affect all lands, continental shelves and ocean floors near the continents.


Camille Pissarro

Camille Pissarro (10 July 1830 – 12 November 1903) was a French Impressionist painter. He was born on Saint Tomas in the Virgin Islands. Pissarro died in Paris.

He was the only artist to exhibit in both Impressionism and Post-impressionism forms. Pissarro learnt from great forerunners, including Gustave Courbet and Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot. He later studied and worked alongside Georges Seurat and Paul Signac when he took on the Neo-Impressionist style at the age of 54.

In 1873 he helped establish a society of fifteen aspiring artists, holding the group together and encouraging the other members. Art historian John Rewald called Pissarro the “dean of the Impressionist painters", not only because he was the oldest of the group, but also "by virtue of his wisdom and his balanced, kind, and warmhearted personality”. Cézanne said "he was a father for me. A man to consult and a little like the good Lord". He was also one of Gauguin's mentors. Renoir referred to his work as “revolutionary”, through his artistic portrayals of the common man. Pissarro insisted on painting individuals in natural settings without "artifice or grandeur".

Pissarro is the only artist to have shown his work at all eight Paris Impressionist exhibitions, from 1874 to 1886. He acted as a father figure to the Impressionists and, in varying degress, to all four of the major Post-impressionists including Georges Seurat, Paul Cézanne, Vincent van Gogh and Paul Gauguin.

The Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71 compelled Pissarro to flee his home in September 1870; he returned in June 1871 to find that the house, and along with it many of his early paintings, had been destroyed by Prussian soldiers. By December 1870 he and his family had taken refuge in London and settled in Crystal Palace, southwest London. 

Through the paintings Pissarro completed at this time, he records Sydenham and Norwood at a time when they were just recently connected by railways. One of the largest of these paintings is a view of "St. Bartholomew's Church" at Lawrie Park Avenue, commonly known as "The Avenue, Sydenham", in the collection of the National Gallery, London.

Whilst in Upper Norwood Pissarro was introduced to the art dealer Paul Durand-Ruel, who bought two of his 'London' paintings. Durand-Ruel subsequently became the most important art dealer of the new school of French Impressionism.

Returning to France, in 1890 Pissarro again visited England and painted some ten scenes of central London. He came back again in 1892, painting in Kew Gardens and Kew Green, and also in 1897, when he produced several oils of Bedford Park, Chiswick. 


Snowball Earth

Snowball Earth or Icehouse Earth refers to times when the Earth's surface was nearly or entirely frozen. The occurrence of Snowball (or Slushball) Earths is still controversial. However, it is probable that widespread glaciation occurred in periods of the Proterozoic.

What is debatable is how widespread those glaciations were. Proponents claim the theory explains sedimentary deposits of glacial origin at tropical latitudes and other strange features of the geological record.

Opponents do not draw the same inferences from the geological evidence, and doubt the geophysical feasibility of an entirely ice or slush-covered ocean.

The Snowball Earth hypothesis explains glacial deposits in the Huronian supergroup of Canada. The palaeomagnetic evidence, which suggests ice sheets at low latitudes, is contested. The glacial sediments of the Makganyene formation of South Africa are slightly younger than the Huronian glacial deposits (~2.25 billion years old) and were deposited at tropical latitudes.

The rise of free oxygen occurred during this part of the Paleoproterozoic. Perhaps purple bacteria removed methane from the atmosphere through oxidation. As the Sun was notably weaker at the time, methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, had kept surface temperatures above freezing. In the absence of this methane greenhouse, temperatures plunged and a snowball event could have occurred. This happened because the methane gas and carbon dioxide in the air first mixed with water vapour. Then it precipitated as acid rain, and made carbon chemicals when the acid rain reached water. Afterwards, the carbon chemicals form limestone deep underwater. Cyanobacteria that was active at the time also took part in the freezing process by converting carbon dioxide to oxygen. The ice itself made its expansion unstoppable. Glaciers reflect 85% of the light coming toward it, and also refects the light's energy. The lack of energy and heat from the sun makes the glacier stuck in a cycle of growing. 

The period of the extraordinary ice age, Snowball Earth finally ended when a series of volcanic eruptions occured. The volcanoes made holes through the ice sheets. The greater effect these erruptions made are the mass releasing of carbon dioxide into the air. The planet reheated, and Earth was saved from being a ball of ice. 

Cyanobacteria and other forms of life might have died out in Snowball Earth. But the bacteria hid in warmer areas, inside caves. The tempertures were still a bit cold and sunlight was very scarce. But the DNA of the bacteria had a special mechanism. The DNA changed its structure when the bacteria needed to adapt. When the ice on snowball Earth melted, the percentage of oxygen in the atmosphere increased from 1% to 21%. This is so, because in the time of Snowball Earth, cyanobacteria adapted to the darkness of caves, where sunlight is scarce. When Snowball Earth ended and the cyanobacteria spread out of their caves, they were surprisingly better at photosynthesis (the converting of carbon dioxide and light (photons) to sugar and oxygen) than before. The great amount of light after the long period of darkness was enough for the cyanobacteria to make huge progress. With a new amout of oxygen, living things were able to develop more complex anatomies, and evolve to animals now, and us humans too. 


There were three or four significant ice ages during the late Neoproterozoic. Of these, the Marinoan was the most significant, and the Sturtian glaciations were also truly widespread. These were both in the Cryogenian period, before the Ediacaran. The million year long Gaskiers glaciation did not lead to global glaciation, although it was probably as intense as the late Ordovician glaciation. The status of the Kaigas glaciation or "cooling event" is unclear. Some do not recognise it as glacial, and others believe it may indeed be a third ice age. It was certainly less significant than the Sturtian or Marinoan glaciations, and probably not global in extent. Evidence does suggest that the Earth underwent a number of glaciations during the Neoproterozoic.

Rivallo

Rivallo () was a legendary king of the Britons as told by Geoffrey of Monmouth. He was the son of King Cunedagius. 

During the time he ruled he was troubled by disasters: a rain of blood which lasted three days, a terrible plague, and a great swarm of flies. After he died his son Gurgustius became king.

Pat Fenlon

Pat Fenlon (born 15 March 1969) is an Irish football manager who is currently managing Bohemians F.C..

His first job as a manager was at Shelbourne where he won the league in 2003, 2004 and 2006. In that time they also made history by managing the first Irish club to reach the third qualifying round of the Champions League, where they were knocked out by Deportivo de La Coruña from Spain. He left Shelbourne at the end of 2006.

He was made the Derry City manager at the end of 2006 but left halfway through the 2007 season after making a poor start with his new club.

He was made manager of Bohemians in early 2008 and so far has won back-to-back titles, an FAI Cup and a League Cup. He has stated that his desire is to get Bohemians into the Champions League group stages in 2010.

Victoria Wood

Victoria Wood (19 May 1953, Prestwich, Lancashire – 20 April 2016, Highgate, North London) was an English comedienne, actress, singer, writer and television presenter.

Victoria Wood went to Bury Grammar Girls' School. She wrote and starred in sketches, plays, films and sitcoms. She was a stand-up comedian. She sang and accompanied herself on the piano.

Her humour was usually about everyday life, known as observational comedy. It was often satirical. It referred to popular British media and brand names of British products.

She started her career in 1974 by winning the ATV talent show "New Faces". It was not until the 1980s that she began to be known as a comedy star, with the award-winning television series "Victoria Wood As Seen On TV" and became one of Britain's most popular stand-up comedians.

In 1998, she wrote and starred in the sitcom "dinnerladies" (deliberately spelt with a small-case "d") which ran for 16 episodes over two seasons.

Wood often worked with Anne Reid, Maxine Peake, Julie Walters, Duncan Preston and Celia Imrie.

She won many awards, including the BAFTA award. She was made a CBE in 2008.

Wood married magician Geoffrey Durham in March 1980. They separated in October 2002 and divorced in 2003. They had a daughter, Grace (born 1988) who is a singer and son Henry (born 1992).

Wood's brother is the politician Chris Foote Wood.

Wood was diagnosed with terminal cancer in late 2015, but kept her illness private. She died on 20 April 2016 at her Highgate home, aged 62.




Niccolò Piccinni

Niccolò Piccinni (born Bari, Italy, 16 January 1728; died near Paris, 7 May 1800) was an Italian composer. He wrote over 80 operas. During his life, he worked with the greatest librettists of his age, including Metastasio. 

Piccinni’s music is hardly ever played today, but in his day many of his operas were extremely popular. He is mainly remembered today because he was invited to Paris where people wanted him to be a rival of Gluck. There were lots of arguments between the people who supported Piccinni and those who supported Gluck.

Piccinni was born in Bari. His father, who was a musician, did not want his son to study music, but the bishop persuaded him to change his mind. Niccolò went to the music conservatoire in Naples. He started to write comic operas (opera buffa). His opera "La Cecchina, ossia la buona Figliuola" with a libretto by Goldoni played for two years in Rome and was produced in all the important European capital cities. It was probably the most popular opera buffa of the 18th century.

Piccinni wrote music with a sentimental feeling that was very popular in the mid-18th century. It was typical of a lot of music in the early Classical music period.

A few years later Piccinni was invited by Queen Marie Antoinette to go and live in Paris. He had married in 1756 his pupil Vincenza Sibilla. She was a singer, but he never allowed his wife to sing on stage again after they married.

The people who had invited Piccinni to Paris were people who did not like Gluck’s music. They wanted Piccinni to be a rival to Gluck. They enjoyed arguments, and they wanted to try to make the two composers enemies. There were a lot of arguments between the people who supported Piccinni and those who supported Gluck. The whole affair is often called: the war between the Piccinnists and the Gluckists. It was very stupid, because the arguments had nothing to do with music. Both composers were asked to compose an opera about the same story: Roland. Gluck never finished the opera because he wanted to finish his career by writing Alceste. He did not want to be compared to Piccinni. Then both composers were asked to write operas about the story "Iphigénie en Tauride" . Gluck’s opera was first produced on 18 May 1779. Piccinni's "Iphigénie" followed on 23 January 1781. The rival parties went on arguing, even after Gluck left Paris in 1780. Then some people tried to get a new rival for Piccinni: they invited Sacchini to Paris. But Piccinni continued to be popular. When Gluck died, in 1787, Piccinni suggested that a public monument should be built to his memory. Gluck’s supporters refused to support the idea.

In 1784 Piccinni became professor at the Royal School of Music, a school which later became part of the Conservatoire. When the French Revolution broke out in 1789, Piccinni returned to Naples. At first he was warmly welcomed by King Ferdinand IV; but when his daughter married a French democrat the Neapolitans were angry. They said he was a revolutionist. He was not allowed to leave his house for four years.

For the next nine years he tried to make a living in Venice, Naples and Rome; but he returned in 1798 to Paris, where the public gave him a warm welcome, but he made no money. He died at Passy, near Paris.

He produced over eighty operas, but although his later work shows the influence of the French and German stage, his music is typical of Italian musicians of the 18th century.

William P. Murphy

William Parry Murphy (February 6, 1892 – October 9, 1987) was an American doctor. He won the 1934 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with George Whipple and George Minot, for discovering how eating liver could cure anaemia.

Silent Night

"Silent Night" () is a very popular Christmas carol and song. It was first performed in 1818, by Franz Xaver Gruber and Joseph Mohr. Gruber was an organist and headmaster of a primary school. Mohr was a priest. Mohr had written the poem in 1816; Gruber wrote the melody for it before Christmas 1818. Little else is known on how the song came to be.

One of the theses is that at the time it was not possible to play the organ in the church. For this reason Gruber and Mohr created a song that could be accompanied by a guitar. There are many other stories about how the song came to be.

The audience liked the performance very much. Gruber sang, and Mohr played the guitar. It is because of an organ-maker called "Mauracher" that the song became known to a wider audience. Mauracher could capture the attention of the crowd at a performance in Leipzig in 1832. From there it spread, first to the German-speaking countries, then to the world. Today there are translations into more than 300 languages and dialects.

The song was first published on a leaflet in 1833, with other "authentic Tyrolean songs". Frederick William IV of Prussia wanted to know the authors of the song, and asked St. Peter's Archabbey, Salzburg, in 1854. The abbey found Gruber, who was still alive. In the meantime, the song had been attributed to Michael Haydn. Through the latter half of the 19th and through most of the 20th century it has also been attributed to Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart or Ludwig Van Beethoven.

The author Hertha Pauli, who was born in Austria had to flee from the persecutions during the Second World War. In 1943, she found that many Americans thought that "Silent Night" was an American popular tune. She then wrote the children's book, "Silent Night. The Story of a Song", where she explained where the song was from.

Indonesian rupiah

The Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) is the money used in Indonesia. Rupiah started to be used in 1946. 
The coins that are used now are 25 rupiah, 50 rupiah, 100 rupiah, 200 rupiah, 500 rupiah and 1000 rupiah.
The banknotes that are used are 1000 rupiah, 2000 rupiah, 5000 rupiah, 10 000 rupiah, 20 000 rupiah, 50 000 rupiah and 100 000 rupiah.

Horseshoes

Horseshoes is a game played outside. This game is played using four horseshoes and two stakes.

Hans Spemann

Hans Spemann (27 June 1869 – 9 September 1941) was a German doctor. He won the 1935 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his discovery of the 'organizer effect' in embryonic development 

Henry Hallett Dale

Sir Henry Hallett Dale, OM, GBE, PRS, (9 June 1875 - 23 July 1968) was an English pharmacologist. He won the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Otto Loewi, for their discoveries about the chemical transmission of nerve impulses.

Paul Dukas

Paul Abraham Dukas (October 1, 1865 – May 17, 1935) was a French composer and teacher of classical music.

Paul Dukas was born in Paris to a Jewish father and Catholic mother. He was taught music by Théodore Dubois and Ernest Guiraud at the Conservatoire de Paris, where he became friends with the composer Claude Debussy. He then worked as a music critic and orchestrator.

Although Dukas wrote a lot of music, he destroyed many of his pieces because he was unhappy with them. Only a few are left. His first important surviving work is the "Symphony in C" (1896). This is in the style of Beethoven and César Franck. Like Franck's only symphony, Dukas' is in three movements not the usual four: Allegro non troppo, ma con fuoco; Andante espressive e fuoco; Allegro spiritoso. 

In 1897 Dukas wrote another work for orchestra, "L'apprenti sorcier" (English: "The Sorcerer's Apprentice") based on Goethe's poem "Der Zauberlehrling". A short version of "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" was used in the Walt Disney film "Fantasia". Dukas's use of rhythm and his skill in writing for orchestras can be seen in both the "Symphony in C" and "The Sorcerer's Apprentice".

For the piano, Dukas wrote two complex and difficult works, a Sonata in E-flat minor (1901) and "Variations, interlude and finale on a theme of Rameau" (1902), again in the style of Beethoven and Franck. The Sonata has not been performed very often, but lately pianists, such as Marc-André Hamelin, have started to add it to their concerts. There are also two smaller works for piano solo.

The opera "Ariane et Barbe-Bleue" ("Ariadne and Bluebeard"), which he wrote between 1899 and 1907, has often been compared to Debussy's "Pelléas et Mélisande". This is because it is similar in its musical style, and both operas are based on words by Maurice Maeterlinck. Dukas's last big work was the grand oriental ballet "La Péri" (1912). This is about a man who goes to the Ends of the Earth to find immortality, and finds a mythical Peri, holding The Flower of Immortality.

Because the opening of the ballet is very quiet, Dukas later added a short 'Fanfare pour preceder La Peri' which gave the usually noisy audiences time to settle in their seats before the main opera began.

In later life, Dukas became well known as a music teacher, with many famous students including Joaquín Rodrigo, Manuel Ponce, Maurice Duruflé, Xian Xinghai, Olivier Messiaen, Jehan Alain, Carlos Chávez, and David Van Vactor. After Dukas died he was buried in the Père Lachaise cemetery in Paris.



List of extinction events

An extinction event is a relatively fast drop in the number of species living on Earth. It occurs when the rate of extinction increases more than the rate of speciation. This is a list of the largest. Major extinction events are important to both geology and evolution.

There are five major extinction events in the Phanerozoic eon, and many smaller events. In order of time, latest first:

1. K/T extinction event. The Cretaceous/Tertiary extinction event ended the Mesozoic era and started the Cainozoic era.

2. End–Triassic extinction event or events.

3. P/Tr extinction event. The Permian/Triassic extinction event ended the Palaeozoic era and started the Mesozoic era.

4. Late Devonian extinctions, at the Frasnian/Famennian junction.

5. End–Ordovician extinction event. After a series of lesser events, the end-Ordovician extinction resulted in an estimated 84% species loss.

Other extinction events in the Phanerozoic had significant impact on the evolution of the biota. Overall, it seems that climate changes caused some extinctions, and hits by asteroids sometimes caused extinctions. 

Before the Phanerozoic eon, there were even larger extinction events, which are often forgotten:


Blaise Compaoré

Blaise Compaoré (born February 3, 1951) is a former President of Burkina Faso. He served from 1987 until his resignation in 2014. He started a political party called the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP). This is the ruling party of Burkina Faso. Compaoré became president in 1987 after a military coup and the assassination of Thomas Sankara, who was president then.

His attempt to change the constitution to extend his 27-year term caused the 2014 Burkinabé uprising. The uprising began due to attempts at changing the constitution to allow him to run again and extend his rule. He resigned on 31 October 2014 after ruling for 27 years.

In August 2021, the prosecutor of the High Court of Justice announced that the trial of members of the government suspected of having played a role in the suppression of the insurgency of 2014 will begin. Blaise Compaoré could again be summoned to answer the judges' questions.

Mossi

The Mossi are an ethnic group of people who live mostly in Burkina Faso in Africa, and also in Ivory Coast and Ghana. They make up 40% of all the people in Burkina Faso. They speak a language called Mòoré or More.

The Mossi believe that they came from the marriage of a Dagomba princess called Yennenga (or Nyennega) and a Mandé hunter called Rialé. Yennenga was a warrior princess, daughter of a Dagomba king in Ghana. One day she lost her way and was rescued by Rialé. They got married and had a son called Ouedraogo. Ouedraogo is known as the father of the Mossi people.

Cassiopeia (constellation)

Cassiopeia is a constellation in the northern sky. It was named after a queen in Greek mythology called Cassiopeia. It looks like a letter W or M, with five bright stars that make the W or the M shape. It has two very bright stars called ρ Cas and V509 Cas.

In 1572, a supernova called Tycho's Star, or SN 1572, was seen in Cassiopeia by many people. The best time to look for Cassiopeia is in late fall (September and early November.)

Vikash Dhorasoo

Vikash Dhorasoo (born 10 October 1973) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

364||16
12||0
376||16

!Total||18||1

Park Kun-ha

Park Kun-Ha (born 25 July 1971) is a former South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an football player. He was a member of Korean national team.

292||44
5||1
297||45

!Total||20||5

Willy Sagnol

Willy David Frédéric Sagnol (born 18 March 1977) is a French professional football manager and former player who played as a defender. He is the manager of the Georgia national team.

Monaco

Bayern Munich

France

Ediacara

Ediacara can refer to several things:

Jathera

A Jathera is a shrine constructed to commemorate common clan ancestors. Each village in the Punjab has a Jathera which can be visited by members of different surnames. Many villages have a Jathera for each clan/surname.

When members of a clan form a new village, they continue to visit the Jathera in the ancestral village. If this is not possible, a link is brought from the old Jathera to construct a new Jathera in the new village.

People visit the Jathera when getting married, on the 15th day of the Indian month, and sometimes on the first Sunday of an Indian month.

Ediacaran

The Ediacaran period (about 635–541 million years BC), is named after the Ediacara Hills of South Australia. It is the last geological period of the Proterozoic eon. The Edicaran is followed by the Cambrian, the first period of the Palaeozoic. 

The period is famous for the first larger-bodied fossils, which are probably the first recorded metazoans. These were impressions or trace fossils, first found in England's Charnwood Forest, Leicestershire. Geologists did not know what they had found. It was over 60 years later before fossils from the same period were found in South Australia.

The status of the Ediacaran as an official geological period was confirmed in 2004 by the International Union of Geological Sciences (IUGS). This made it "the first new geological period declared in 120 years".

The Ediacaran period was previously called the Vendian period. The Vendian period was proposed in 1952 by Russian geologist/paleontologist Boris Sokolov. The term "Vendian" is still widely used.

The two terms are not the same. The Vendian was a longer period: it included the whole of the Marinoan glaciation, of Snowball Earth fame. In other words, the Vendian included the last part of the Cryogenian period.

The Ediacaran lasted for about 90 million years. It began at the end of the Cryogenian Snowball Earth. It ended with the first appearance worldwide of some kinds of trace fossils (Treptichnus pedum) at the base of the Cambrian. The Ediacaran period's start is defined at the base of a carbonate layer, referred to as a "cap carbonate". This caps glacial deposits and shows a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age. The period ended with the mass extinction of almost all the Ediacaran fauna.

No exact dating has been possible at the type section of the Ediacaran period in South Australia.

The Ediacaran biota include the oldest definite multicellular organisms. The fossils are traces or impressions of soft-bodies forms with segments, fronds, disks, or bags. Skeletons or shells are not found.

Ediacaran biota

The Ediacaran biota are the fauna of the Ediacaran period. This geological period was from 635–542 million years ago, but the fossil biota was only from 575–542 million years ago. This was after a series of ice ages and just before the Cambrian period. The biota consists of soft-bodied multicellular organisms, probably animals, which left trace fossils in rocks of Ediacaran age.

The biota is quite unusual, and there is no sign of it in the earlier Marinoan glaciation. The biota appears to suffer a fairly severe extinction event at the boundary with the Cambrian. Some of the biota may have survived into the early Cambrian.

There have been several different interpretations of the biota. The standard view is that the traces are fossils of well-known phyla (Cnidaria, annelids, early arthropods) with body plans that disappeared before the Cambrian.

Quite different ideas have been put forward. Seilacher thought few if any of the forms belonged to living phyla. Conway Morris opposed this idea. Rentallak suggested the biota might be lichens.

As Narbonne explains, the Ediacaran biota occupies a critical position in the fossil record. Before them, for a long period of the Archaean and most of the Protoerozoic, the only fossils were those of bacteria and bacterial mats, a form of life which continues to the present day. The Ediacaran biota is found worldwide, and the most typical forms disappeared just before the Cambrian radiation, which begins with the 'small shelly fossils'. That is probably enough to justify the description of the change as an extinction event, though what caused it is not clear. One suggestion is that the evolution of animals which grazed upon the soft-bodied forms would have been sufficient to cause a collapse of the biota. 

The biota was extremely varied, having many different body forms, and hence species. The ecology was benthic (sea bottom), in both shallow and deeper water. Narbonne notes the absence of different life and different depths, the apparent absence of burrowing organisms, and the absence of animals capable of preying on the soft-bodied forms. If these conditions changed, the soft forms would be in peril.

Ediacaran-type fossils are recognised globally in 25 localities, and a variety of depositional conditions, and are commonly grouped into three main types, named after typical localities. Each assemblage occupies its own habitat, and after a burst of diversification changes little for the rest of its existence.

In the White Sea region of Russia, all three assemblage types have been found close together. This, and the faunas' overlap in time, makes it unlikely that they represent evolutionary stages. Since they are found on all continents except Antarctica, geographical boundaries do not appear to be a factor. The same fossils are found at all palæolatitudes.

Probably the three assemblages mark organisms adapted to survival in different environments. An analysis of one of the White Sea fossil beds, where the layers cycle from continental seabed to inter-tidal to estuarine and back again a few times, found that a specific set of Ediacaran organisms was associated with each environment.

It is no surprise that not all environments are exploited. Of 92 possible modes of life — combinations of feeding style, tiering and motility — no more than a dozen are occupied by the end of the Ediacaran. Just four are represented in the Avalon assemblage. The lack of large-scale predation and vertical burrowing are perhaps the most significant factors limiting the ecological diversity; the emergence of these during the early Cambrian allowed the number of lifestyles occupied to rise to 30.


Antonio de Trueba

Antonio de Trueba (24 December 1821-10 March 1889) was a Spanish poet, novelist, and folklorist born at Montellana, Biscay, in 1821 (some sources say 1819), where he was privately educated. 

Arrangement (music)

An arrangement of a musical composition is a reworking of a piece of music so that it can be played by a different instrument or combination of instruments from the original. For example, a song written for one voice with piano accompaniment might be arranged so that it can be sung in parts by a choir, or a piece for violin might be arranged so that it can be played on a clarinet instead. The person who does the arrangement may be the composer themself, or it may be someone else.

In music history, composers often published their compositions, saying that the music could be played or sung by various instruments. For example, when English composers published madrigals in the late 16th century they often stated that they could be sung by singers or played on viols (“apt for voices as for viols”). In the Classical music period a composer might publish a sonata, stating that it could be played on the violin or flute or recorder. This helped to sell more copies, because violinists, flautists and recorder players might all want to buy the music. In a sense this is not really an arrangement, because no changes have been made to the music.

However, when violin or cello music is arranged so that it can be played on a viola, some changes may be necessary as the viola may be playing in a different key, or some chords may be more awkward the way they were originally written. This is an arrangement.

A popular piece such as "The Flight of the Bumble Bee" by Rimsky-Korsakov can be played by almost any melodic instrument: violin, xylophone, tuba etc. These are all arrangements.

When a piece for choir and orchestra is printed for choir members to use, the orchestral part is printed on two staves so that it can be played on a piano for rehearsals. This is another kind of arrangement.

In music history, many composers have made arrangements of music composed by others. They did this in order to learn about musical composition, as well as in order to be able to play it on another instrument. For example, Johann Sebastian Bach made arrangements of four concertos by Vivaldi so that they could be played on the organ.

Arrangements are often made by people who play instruments that have not had much music written for them. People who play the viola, guitar, tuba etc. often arrange other music so that they have a larger repertoire (more music to play).

Sometimes composers have made changes to the orchestration of works for orchestra written by others. They may have done this because instruments had changed since the music was written, or simply because they thought they could do it better. For example, Mozart made an arrangement of Handels "Messiah ", adding instruments such as clarinets which Handel would not have known. Rimsky-Korsakov made arrangements of the operas by Musorgsky thinking that he was improving them.

Arrangements are sometimes made because a player has some disability. Cyril Smith, a pianist who only had one arm, played piano duets with his wife Phyllis Sellick. They arranged piano duets so that they could be played by three hands.

Sometimes arrangements are made of well-known classical pieces in which the music is “jazzed up” or made to sound more popular for movie or theatre performances. Sometimes musicians think this is not a good thing. Sometimes small vocal groups such as the Swingle Singers make lighthearted versions of works by Bach and others.


Fernando Botero

Fernando Botero Angulo (19 April 1932 – 15 September 2023) was a Colombian painter and sculptor. Botero was one of the best-known artists of Latin America. Starting in 1976, he did figure-sculpting. His figures are special because they are all "thick", which makes them look different from others. Botero was born in Medellín, Colombia.

Botero died from problems caused by pneumonia on 15 September 2023, at the age of 91 in Monte Carlo, Monaco.


Abelian group

In group theory, an abelian group is a group with operation that is commutative. Because of that, an abelian group is sometimes called a ‘commutative group’.

A group in which the group operation is not commutative is called a ‘non-abelian group’ or ‘non-commutative group’.

An abelian group is a set, "A", together with an operation "•". It combines any two elements "a" and "b" to form another element denoted . For the group to be abelian, the operation and the elements must follow some requirements. These are known as the "abelian group axioms":


One example of an abelian group is the set of the integers with the operation of addition. We often write this as formula_1, where formula_2 means the set of all integers. This is an abelian group because formula_1 is a group, and also for any integers formula_4 and formula_5, the equation formula_6 is true. For example, formula_7, because both sides are equal to formula_8.

Homing pigeon

A Homing pigeon is a special breed of pigeons. These pigeons have been domesticated. They have been selectively bred to find their way home. They can do this over very long distances. The wild rock pigeon from which these birds are bred also has this homing ability. This means that it will generally return to its own nest and its own mate. This made it relatively easy to breed from the birds that repeatedly found their way home over long distances. Flights as long as 1800 kilometers have been recorded by birds in competition pigeon racing. Speeds of up to 95 km/h (59 mph) have been observed.

Homing pigeons are called carrier pigeons when they are used to carry messages. This is possible where a message is written on thin light paper (such as cigarette paper) and rolled into a small tube attached to the bird's leg; this is called pigeon post. Pigeons can only go back to one "mentally marked" point that they have identified as their home. So "pigeon mail" can only work when the sender is actually holding the receiver's pigeons. White homing pigeons are used in Release Dove ceremonies at weddings, funerals, and some sporting events. 

Assis (footballer, born 1971)

Roberto de Assis Moreira (born 10 January 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

29||8||2||1||2||0||33||9
29||8||2||1||2||0||33||9

Rafael Scheidt

Rafael Scheidt (born 10 February 1976) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

189||7
26||5
3||0
38||2
156||14

!Total||3||0

Paulo Isidoro (footballer, born 1973)

Alex Sandro Santana de Oliveira (born 30 October 1973) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Bahia.

9||2||0||0||4||1||13||3
9||2||0||0||4||1||13||3

David Soria Yoshinari

David Soria Yoshinari (born 18 September 1977) is a Peruvian football player. He has played for Peru national team.

8||0||2||0||0||0||10||0
312||37||||||||||312||37
320||37||2||0||0||0||322||37

!Total||5||0

Mikaël Silvestre

Mikaël Silvestre (born 9 August 1977) is a French football player. He plays for Arsenal.

48||0||||||||||||||48||0
18||1||||||||||||||18||1
263||8||23||1||15||0||75||2||376||11
329||9||23||1||15||0||75||2||442||12

!Total||40||2

Éric Abidal

Eric Sylvain Abidal (; born 11 September 1979) is a French former professional footballer who played as a left-back or centre-back.

Pavel Badea

Pavel Badea (born 10 June 1967) is a former Romanian football player. He has played for Romania national team.

271||58||||||||||271||58
100||12||||||||||100||12
82||10||8||2||11||2||101||14
453||80||8||2||11||2||472||84

!Total||9||2

Julio Hernán Rossi

Julio Hernán Rossi (born 22 February 1977) is a former Argentine football player.


Regis Pitbull

Regis Fernandes Silva (born 22 September 1976), also known by the nickname Regis or Regis Pitbull, is a Brazilian professional athlete. He is best known as a football player.

21||4||0||0||4||3||25||7
21||4||0||0||4||3||25||7


Otto Loewi

Otto Loewi (June 3, 1873 - December 25, 1961) was a German doctor. He won the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Henry Hallett Dale, for their discoveries about chemical transmission of nerve impulses 

In his most famous experiment, Loewi took fluid from a frog heart with a slowed beat and applied it to another. That slowed the second heart. This showed that synaptic signalling used chemical messengers.

It is now known that there are two different kinds of nerve synapses. One kind releases chemicals, and is a neurotransmitter synapse. The other is an electrical synapse which transmits voltage charges over gap junctions between nerve cells.

Heinrich Lübke

Heinrich Lübke (October 14, 1894 – April 6, 1972) was the second President of the Federal Republic of Germany. He was president from 1959 to 1969.

Elisha Levy

Elisha Levy (; born on 18 November 1957 in Jerusalem) is a former professional football player.

Levy played in Hapoel Hapoel Beit Sha'an youth team from 1968 to 1974.
After playing in Hapoel Beit Sha'an youth team, Elisha Levy was playing for Hapoel Beit Sha'an from 1974 to 1982. For 1 year, 1982-1983, Elisha Levy was played for Maccabi Haifa. In 1983-1987, Levy played in Maccabi Petah Tikva Elisha Levy was playing for Hapoel Beit Sha'an at 1987-1989.

Elisha Levy was retired from football after two years in Hapoel Beit Sha'an.

Levy managed teams for 20 years. Currently, Elisha Levy manages Maccabi Haifa.

List of WWE Raw guest hosts

The WWE Raw Guest Host was started on June 29, 2009 by WWE Chairman Vince McMahon, with the first host being injured WWE superstar Batista. The requirements for a guest host is a WWE Hall of Famer, a retired superstar, celebrity or injured wrestler. The guest host was responsible for the running of the show and had authority of a general manager for the evening. Below is the list of other WWE guest hosts.


Transcription (music)

A musical transcription is musical notation for an existing piece of music that had been previously unnotated. Musicians often disagree about what should be called a “transcription” and what is an “arrangement”. Usually transcriptions are a direct notation of the source, whereas a musician who makes an arrangement may insert new interpretations into the music (i.e. changing the instrumentation, reharmonization, or even new sectionalization of the piece as with cover songs). A transcription, as Klapuri writes, would require that the pitch, timing, and instrumentation of all sound events to be resolved; difficult as this may be for some cases, this goal is usually redefined such that a transcription constitutes the notation of as many of the constituent sounds as possible or some well-defined part of the music signal (i.e. the dominant melody or the most prominent drum sounds).

Transcriptions can be created for all kinds of music in order to help the performer to learn the piece. Transcriptions are common for music such as jazz (which usually consists of improvisation) and folk, which traditionally is taught from one generation to another by listening and imitating. In the early 20th century, some composers became interested in writing down the traditional folk songs of their countries. Béla Bartók and Zoltan Kodaly in Hungary as well as Cecil Sharpe and Ralph Vaughan Williams in England notably transcribed various folk songs they heard being sung in the villages of their respective countries.

Sometimes transcriptions are made for practical reasons. Mozart made transcriptions of some music from his own operas, arranging them for small groups of instruments so that they could play it for popular entertainment. Stravinsky transcribed some of his ballet music for piano, e.g. The Rite of Spring for piano duet and some dances from Petrouchka for piano solo. These types of transcriptions are often referred to as a "": the simplification of a large work to be performed by a smaller ensemble or a soloist.


VY Canis Majoris

VY Canis Majoris (VY CMa) is a red hypergiant star in the constellation Canis Major. It is about distant from Earth. It is one of the biggest known stars in the universe, and one of the most luminous of its type. 

VY Canis Majoris is 1,420 times bigger than the Sun. If placed at the center of the Solar System (where the Sun is), VY Canis Majoris's surface would extend beyond Jupiter's orbit. However, there is some differences in the estimates of how big it is. Other estimates of the radius made it bigger than the orbit of Saturn or even as small as the asteroid belt, but these are highly unlikely.

VY CMa is a single star, a "semiregular" variable with a period of about 2,001 days. It has an average density of 5 to 10 mg/m.

When it dies it is expected to explode to a Supernova and then turn into a Black hole.


Sydney (disambiguation)

Sydney can be any of the following:



Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences

The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences or "Kungliga Vetenskapsakademin" ("KVA") is one of the Royal Academies of Sweden. The Academy is an independent, scientific, non-governmental organization, set up to support the sciences, mainly the natural sciences and mathematics.

The Academy was started on 2 June 1739 by naturalist Carl Linnaeus, economist Jonas Alströmer, mechanical engineer Mårten Triewald, civil servants Sten Carl Bielke and Carl Wilhelm Cederhielm, and politician Anders Johan von Höpken.

The academy was set up to find useful knowledge, and to write about it in Swedish. The academy was meant to be different from the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala, which had been started in 1719 and published in Latin. It was built near the main business centre in Stockholm, (which unlike Uppsala did not have a university at this time). The Swedish scientists wanted it to be like the Royal Society in London and Academie Royale des Sciences in Paris, France.

Groups of the Academy meet to give out international prizes:
and national prizes:


Karolinska Institutet

Karolinska Institutet (in English Karolinska Institute), and before 1968, the Royal Caroline Institute is one of Europe's biggest medical universities.

It was started in 1810 on Kungsholmen island on the west side of Stockholm. It later moved to Solna, just outside Stockholm, and a second campus has been built in Flemingsberg/Huddinge, south of Stockholm.

A committee of the institute decides on the winners of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

The Karolinska University Hospital, in Solna and Huddinge, is the university's research and teaching hospital. It is one of Sweden's largest centres for training and research, with 30 percent of the medical training and 40 percent of the medical academic research. While most of the medical programs are taught in Swedish, most of the Ph.D. programs are taught in English.

The institute is a member of the League of European Research Universities. In the 2009 Academic Ranking of World Universities, the institute is the best university for medicine and pharmacy in Europe, 8th in the world. It is listed as the best university in Sweden.

Karolinska Institutet was started between 1810 and 1811 to teach army surgeons. It was called the 'Medico-Chirurgiska Institutet'.

In 1817 the name 'Karolinska' was added as a reference to 'Karoliner' which was the name of soldiers under the Swedish king Karl XII. The full name became 'Kongl. Carolinska Medico Chirurgiska Institutet'.

In 1968 this name was changed to 'Karolinska Institutet'.


Florent Malouda

Florent Malouda (born 13 June 1980) is a French football player. He plays for Chelsea and France national team.

International goals
Lyon

Chelsea

France

Individual

Wim Jonk

Wim Jonk (born 12 October 1966) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

244||62
44||8
70||5
358||75

!Total||49||11

Ramon Menezes Hubner

Ramon Menezes Hubner (born 30 June 1972) is a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

346||97
15||1
25||6
386||104

!Total||5||1

Reinhard Stumpf

Reinhard Stumpf (born 26 November 1961) is a former German football player.

179||4
179||4

Fumagalli

José Fernando Fumagalli (born 5 October 1977) is a Brazilian professional athlete. He is best known as a football player.

10||5||3||1||0||0||13||6
10||5||3||1||0||0||13||6


Donizete Pantera

Osmar Donizete Cândido (born 24 October 1968) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

UAG Tecos

Botafogo

Vasco da Gama


Jan Veenhof

Jan Veenhof (born 28 January 1969) is a former Dutch football player.

68||0||3||0||3||0||74||0
68||0||3||0||3||0||74||0

Léo San

Leonard Henriques da Silva (born 22 July 1982), also known as Léo San, is a Brazilian football player.

221||11||10||0||0||0||231||11
221||11||10||0||0||0||231||11

List of football stadiums in Scotland

This is a list of Scottish football stadia, ranked in descending order of capacity.

Swedish Academy

The Swedish Academy () was started in 1786 by the Swedish King Gustav III. It was copied from the Académie française, the first Academy ever. The Swedish Academy has 18 members. The motto of the Academy is "Talent and Taste" (""Snille och Smak"" in Swedish).
Since 1901 the Academy has decided who will win the Nobel Prize in Literature The prize is given in memory of Alfred Nobel.
The other thing the Academy does is to help to keep the Swedish language clean. They work for the "purity, strength, and greatness of the Swedish language" (""Svenska folkets renhet, styrka och höghet""). To help do this, the Academy publishes two dictionaries.

The first is a dictionary in only one big book, called "Svenska Akademiens ordlista" (or "SAOL"). In 2015, it was up to its 14th edition. The second dictionary has many volumes. It is called "Svenska Akademiens ordbok" (or "SAOB"). The content it is so big that it needs many books, like the "Oxford English Dictionary". The first book in the set was printed in 1898 and in 2015 work had got as far as words beginning with the letter "V".

The Academy uses a building now known as the Stockholm Stock Exchange Building. The bottom floor was used as a trading exchange and the upper floor was used for dances, New Years Eve parties, etc. In 1786, the ballroom was the biggest room in Stockholm that could be heated and be used in the winter. The king asked if he could use it. The Academy has met there every year since. In 1914 the Academy gained the right to use the upper floor as their own forever. This is where they meet and, amongst other business, choose the Nobel Prize winners. Because of this, the Academy is one of the most important literary groups in the world. The Swedish Academy is one of the Royal Academies of Sweden.

The current members of the Swedish Academy listed by seat number :


Norwegian Nobel Committee

The Norwegian Nobel Committee is the group which gives the Nobel Peace Prize every year. It has five members who are elected by the Norwegian Parliament and has the same political makeup as the parliament.

Alfred Nobel died in December 1896, and in his will he left a lot of money to start a number of prizes to given each year, to be called the Nobel Prize. The money would be looked after by the Nobel Foundation, and the prizes would be given out by a number of different groups. 

The other Nobel Prizes would be given by existing Swedish groups, the Swedish Academy, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, and the Karolinska Institutet. The job of giving the Nobel Peace Prize was given to the Norwegian Parliament. A group of five people, to be called the Norwegian Nobel Committee, would decide who should win the prize. The Peace Prize would be given to the person who had done the most work to get countries to work together, to make the world's armies smaller, or to hold peace talks when needed.

Legal expert Fredrik Heffermehl has said that a parliament could not be expected to handle a legal jobs like looking after a will. Parliaments make and change laws, but a will can not be changed unless it has clearly become out of date. At the time this problem was not talked about very much, as the Norwegian Parliament felt that they needed to act quickly in case the money was lost in a legal battles. They agreed to give the Peace Prize on 26 April 1897 and on August 5, 1897 they worked out the rules for who could be elected to the Norwegian Nobel Committee.

The first Peace Prize was given in 1901 to Henri Dunant and Frédéric Passy. At first, the committee was filled with active members of the parliament and every year its reports were talked about in parliamentary sessions. These links to the Norwegian Parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent. 

