The age of the Earth is estimated at a little over 4.5 billion years. Working this out was a difficult problem to solve. For most of human history, the basic facts about the planet were unknown. The problem was tackled by Earth scientists in the twentieth century.

Modern estimates are based on radioactive dating methods. The oldest minerals on Earth – small crystals of zircon from the Jack Hills of Western Australia – are at least 4.4 billion years old. Ca-Al-rich inclusions – the oldest known solid bits in meteorites formed in the solar system – are 4.567 billion years old. This gives an age for the Solar System and an upper limit for the age of Earth.

The first facts about the Earth were worked out by the Ancient Greeks. A good estimate of the Earth's size was made by Eratosthenes (276 –194 ), using trigonometry. 

The first estimate of the Earth's age based on evidence was by Benoît de Maillet (1656–1738), a French diplomat, philosopher and naturalist. He thought the Earth must have developed by slow, natural forces. He studied geology in the field. He could see signs of erosion on land and sedimentation in the sea. He hid his ideas under the guise of a talk with an Indian philosopher, to avoid conflict with the Catholic Church. His work stayed in manuscript until after his death, when it was published after its editor had made changes which damaged it. Now there is a better modern edition based on the manuscripts. de Maillet estimated that the Earth was older than two billion years. He also recognized the true nature of fossils, and had early ideas about evolution.

In the last quarter of the 19th century there was a long-running debate on the age of the Earth. In Charles Lyell's "Principles of Geology" (1830–33), he showed that the Earth had changed slowly, and that what we see is the result of gradual changes. This uniformitarianism clearly meant that the Earth was ancient, though Lyell did not try to work out how old.

His younger friend Charles Darwin believed this, too. Darwin saw that if evolution had taken place, it would have required a long time. Also, a huge amount of sedimentary rock lies between the early fossils in the Cambrian strata, and the present land surface. Darwin and Lyell agreed that it would have taken a very long time for so much rock to be deposited.

In the first edition of "On the origin of species" (1859), Darwin had estimated that the erosion of the Sussex Weald must have taken 300 million years. Both he and Lyell were surprised when the physicist William Thomson (Lord Kelvin) said the Earth could not be as old as they thought. He made the calculation based on how long it must have taken the Earth to cool down to its present temperature, given a starting point of 2,000C. Kelvin's result was based on the idea that the near-surface geothermal gradient reflects the conductive cooling of the solid Earth.

He did this calculation a number of times, making various assumptions. In 1862 his estimate was between 20 and 400 million years; but in 1866 he reduced the top estimate to 100 million years, and attacked Darwin and Lyle for not taking notice of his calculation. We know Darwin was anxious and worried that this would not be long enough to allow for evolution. Thomas Henry Huxley remarked that Kelvin's calculations were good, but his assumptions were wrong. In 1897 Kelvin did the calculation one last time, and came up with 20 to 40 million years. This, of course, would definitely not be long enough to allow for evolution. Oliver Heaviside also disagreed, and proposed an alternative geothermal model. Both Kelvin and Heaviside were eventually shown to be wrong.

Right at the end of the 19th century, someone realised that if the mantle was a highly viscous (sticky) fluid, that would make a great difference to the calculations. In 1895, John Perry, a former assistant to Kelvin, produced an age of Earth estimate of 2 to 3 billion years old using a model of a convective mantle and thin crust.

In Kelvin’s model, heat on the Earth’s surface is derived from the cooling of a shallow outer crust, assuming a solid Earth. But if the conductivity inside the Earth were much higher than at the surface, then the Earth's core and lower mantle would also cool. This would provide a huge store of energy to the surface. In that case, Kelvin’s estimate of the age of the Earth would be too low by many times.

Perry's main reason was that convection in the fluid, or partly fluid, interior of the Earth
would transfer heat much more effectively than would conduction:

Kelvin stuck by his estimate of 100 million years, and later reduced the estimate to about 20 million years.

We now know that the existence of a viscous fluid under a thin crust is a much greater factor than the discovery of radioactivity, which was the textbook explanation for many years. The rediscovery and reexamination of Perry's work is quite recent.

In 1896 Henri Becquerel discovered radioactivity. In 1903, he shared the Nobel Prize in Physics with Pierre and Marie Curie "in recognition of the extraordinary services he has rendered by his discovery of spontaneous radioactivity".

Eventually, it was realized that radioactivity was a major source of heat inside the Earth. In 1921 came the first modern estimate, using radiometric dating. It was based on uranium-lead dating: the rate of decay of uranium to lead in the crust of the Earth, by Henry Norris Russell. He came up with 2 to 8 billion years. In 1949, H.E. Suess estimated 4 to 5 billion years, based on a whole array of radioactive isotopes. This is close to the time we estimate today, which has been refined further to about 4,560 million years.

The calculation makes use of convection in a viscous fluid as well as radioactivity, so it combines Perry's idea with the effect of radioactivity, even though Perry's contribution had been forgotten. The later knowledge of plate tectonics made it quite certain that the lower mantle was a viscous fluid.

The formation and evolution of the Solar System is estimated to have begun 4.568 billion years ago with the gravitational collapse of a small part of a giant molecular cloud. Basically, the whole system developed in the same period of time.https://ncertias1.blogspot.com/2023/09/social-science-of-class-6-earth-in-our.html

Use of the scientific method assumes uniformitarian methods for calculating Earth's age. The Hindu religion comes closest to the present-day scientific estimate. Some Christians and Jews believe the Genesis creation narrative is literally true, which would mean that the Earth was created between 5000 and 10,000 years ago, and the methods used to calculate age have not been consistent throughout Earth's history. However, these days most people think such questions are best answered by scientific methods.


Angara (rocket family)

Angara is a family of rockets which are being developed in Russia. The family contains many different rockets. For example, there is a rocket for lifting small payloads and a rocket for lifting heavy payloads. The rockets are designed by a company called Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center. The first rocket is expected to be ready in 2012.

Angara is being developed using money given by the Russian government. The government decided to finance Angara because they wanted to make sure that Russia has independent access to space. Many of Russia's current rockets can only be launched from Baikonour Cosmodrome in Kazakshtan. Many of them also use foreign technology. However, Angara is better since it does not use any foreign technology (it is 100% Russian) and can be launched from Plesetsk Cosmodrome, located in Russian territory. Another reason why it was decided to build Angara is because Russia needed a rocket which does not use toxic fuels, like some current rockets do.

The first part of all Angara rockets consists of an engine called Universal Rocket Module (in short: URM). The small version, Angara 1.1 has only one URM, while the heavier Angara 5 has 5 URMs. For this reason, Angara 5 can lift heavier payloads. The second part (called the second stage) of Angara 1.1 is called Briz-KM and the second stage of Angara 5 is called Block I. 

The rockets are meant for launching unmanned payloads such as satellites. However, Khrunichev has also suggested building a version that could launch humans into space: Angara 5P. 

All Angara versions can be launched from a single launch pad. 

The first flight of Angara is expected to take place in 2012 from Plesetsk Cosmodrome. In the future, the flights on Angara rockets will be sold to other companies, who want to get their satellites into space. The price for an Angara 1.1 flight is expected to be about 20 million dollars.

Samsara

Samsara is a Buddhist term, meaning the conditioned state of mind. It is the cycle of ignorance, leading to disturbing emotions and clumsy actions. They in turn are cause for suffering and new disturbing feelings and so on. According to Buddha’s teachings there are three main disturbing feelings: ignorance, anger and desire. They are called three poisons of mind and are told to have 84 000 combinations. The only way to completely get rid of suffering is to reach Nirvana or the perfect state of Buddha. All the teachings Buddha gives lead to this goal. 

There are six realms of samsara, connected to six specific emotions:

Michael Heseltine

Michael Ray Dibdin Heseltine, Baron Heseltine (born 21 March 1933) is a British politician and businessman. He was a Member of Parliament from 1966 to 2001 as a member of the Conservative Party.

He was born in Swansea, Wales and studied at the University of Oxford. He was briefly conscripted into the army, before becoming a self-made millionaire in the 1960s. At the 1966 General Election, Heseltine became the Member of Parliament for the constituency of Tavistock in Devon. From 1970 to 1974, he was a junior minister in the government of Edward Heath. From 1979 to 1983, he was in the cabinet of Margaret Thatcher as Secretary of State for the Environment. He was Defence Secretary from 1983 to 1986, but resigned in 1986 and became a backbencher.

As a backbencher, Heseltine became very critical of Thatcher's government and refused to support the Poll Tax in 1989. In November 1990, Heseltine challenged Thatcher for Conservative Party leadership and this led to Thatcher resigning, but Heseltine did not get to become party leader. New Conservative Prime Minister John Major made Heseltine Secretary of State for the Environment (1990-1992), President of the Board of Trade (1992-1995) and Deputy Prime Minister (1995-1997).

In 2001, Heseltine stood down as an MP and entered the House of Lords. He was considered to be one of Britain's top 200 richest people in 2004, owning a wealth of about £240 million.



Geff Harrison

Geff Harrison (also known as Richie West, August 24, 1947, Manchester, United Kingdom), is an English singer-songwriter, mostly known for his bands King Ping Meh and Twenty Sixty Six And Then. He created the band Modern Talking along with Dieter Bohlen.

On January 20, 1986, Harrison filled a lawsuit against Dieter Bohlen claiming that he wrote English lyrics for Modern Talking and C.C.Catch, but the lawsuit was settled out of court. According to the ruling of the court, Bohlen and Harrison created the group Modern Talking together.

James McAuley

James Phillip McAuley (12 October 1917 – 15 October 1976) was an Australian poet who also composed hymns. He was a Catholic whose hymns were used in Catholic liturgy and now by other denominations. McAuley was born in Lakemba, Sydney. His first book of verse, "Under Aldebaran", was published in 1946. He died of liver cancer in Hobart.

Freedom of information

Freedom of information is the right to freedom of expression on the Internet and other information technology. Freedom of information is the ability to access the Web without censorship or restrictions. 

Freedom of information is a human right recognised in international law. Freedom of speech includes not only the text and pictures but also the means of expression. Freedom of information may also refer to the right to privacy in the context of the Internet and information technology. The "right to privacy" is a human right and freedom of information is an extension of this right.


Elijah

Elijah of Tishbe is a person in the Abrahamic religions. His name means "Yahweh is God". He was a prophet in the Kingdom of Israel in the 9th century BC. He appears in the Hebrew Bible, Baha'i scripture, Mishnah, New Testament, and the Qur'an. He is best known for being Israel's most famous prophet, his brave challenge to Baal's prophets on Mt. Carmel, and going up to heaven in a whirlwind.

Elijah went to the king, Ahab, who rejected God because of his even more sinful wife, Jezebel of Tyre, who stood as a symbol of Israel's unfaithfulness. He went to Ahab and God said through his lips (1 Kings chapter 17, NIV), "As the Lord, the God of Israel lives, whom I serve, there will be neither dew nor rain in the next few years except at my word."
Then Elijah followed the Lord's command and "went eastward and hid in the Kerith Ravine, east of the Jordan."
He "drank from the brook, and God had ordered ravens to feed him there". 
The ravens brought him bread and meat in the morning and bread and meat in the evening, and he drank from the brook (because it did not rain, as he prophesied).

But then the brook dried up because of so little rain, and Elijah received the message from the Lord: "Go at once to Zarephath of Sidon and stay there. I have commanded a widow in the place to supply you with food" (1 Kings 17:9). 
So Elijah went, and met the widow gathering sticks to make the last meal for her son and herself. 
But when he called her and requested her to get himself some jar in a water and bread, she objected, (1 Kings 17:12) "As surely as the Lord your God lives, I don't have any bread - only a handful of flour in a jar and a little oil in a jug. I am gathering a few sticks to take home and make a meal for myself and my son, that we may eat it - and die." 
Then Elijah said to the widow, "Don't be afraid. Go home and do as you have said. But first make a small cake of bread for me from what you have and bring it to me, and then make something for yourself and your son. For this is what the Lord, the God of Israel says: 'The jar of flour will not be used up nd the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land.'" So the widow did as Elijah told her to do, and there was enough food in the widow's house for everybody.

But then the son of the widow grew ill. He finally, after growing more and more worse, stopped breathing. 
The widow became so very worried, and called Elijah--"What do you have against me, man of God? Did you come to remind me of my sin and kill my son?" 
And Elijah replied, "Give me your son." He took him and carried him to the upper room where he was staying, and laid him on his bed. Then he cried out to the Lord, "O Lord my God, have you brought tragedy also upon this widow I am staying with, by causing her son to die?" Then he stretched himself upon the boy three times (probably to give to the boy his body warmth, though his prayer shows that he expected the life of the child to come back as an answer to prayer, not by physical touch), and cried out to the Lord, "O Lord my God, let this boy's life return to him!"
And the boy returned to life, making the woman admit that Elijah is "a man of God and that the word of the Lord from your mouth is the truth": a confession the Lord's own people Israel had not made. This is the first example of raising the dead in the Bible.

Then Elijah went to "present himself to Ahab" as the Lord commanded him to, and he met Obadiah, the honorable man who had kept loyal to the Lord and had hidden 100 priests of God that King Ahab had tried to kill. Obadiah recognized Elijah and respectfully bowed down to the ground, exclaiming, "Is it really you, my lord Elijah?" 
Elijah replied yes, and ordered him to go and tell Ahab that he is here. Obadiah refused, crying, "What have I done you wrong that you are handing your servant over to Ahab to be put to death?" and declaring how he had "hid a hundred of the Lord's prophets in two caves, fifty in each, and supplied them with food and water." and that if Ahab came and saw that Elijah was gone and not here, he would surely kill him.

Elijah replied, the more the calmly, "As the Lord Almighty lives, whom I serve, I will surely present myself to Ahab today."
So Obadiah went to meet Ahab and told him, and Ahab went to meet Elijah. They argued, and Elijah told Ahab to "summon the people from all over Israel" to meet him on the Mount Carmel, and to "bring the four hundred and fifty prophets of Baal and the four hundred prophets of Asherah, who eat at Jezebel's table". And surprisingly, Ahab obeyed him.

Then, when all the Israelis and prophets of Baal were summoned, they prepared two altars - one for Elijah, and for the Lord the God of Israel - and one for the priests of Baal. Then Elijah went to the people and said, "How long will you waver between two opinions? If the Lord is God, follow him; but if Baal is God, follow him." but the people did nor say anything, so he continued: "I am the only one of the Lord's prophets left, but Baal has four hundred and fifty prophets. Get two bulls for us. Let them choose one for themselves, and let them cut it into pieces and put it on the wood but not set fire to it. I will prepare the other bull and put it on the wood but not set fire to it. Then you call on the name of your god, and I will call on the name of the Lord. The god who answers by fire--he is the God." (1 Kings 18:20)

The people agreed to this, and they did as Elijah said. Then the priests of Baal all prepared the bull, and called to Baal all morning till noon. "O Baal, answer us!" but the so-called "Baal" made no reply at all - and the prophets grew weary and discouraged. Elijah, however, was pleased, and he teased them (1 King 18:27), "Shout louder! Surely he is a god! Perhaps he is deep in thought, or busy, or traveling. Maybe he is sleeping and must be awakened." So they shouted even louder and slashed themselves with swords and spears wildly, as was their custom, until the blood flowed from their wounds. After midday passed, it was Elijah's turn - and nobody paid attention to the Baal prophets anymore - so he prepared the sacrifice, and ordered (1 Kings 18:33), "Fill four large jars with water and pour it on the offering and on the wood."

(verse 34) And he said, "Do it again." and they did it again, and a third time, as he said.
Then, after there was so much water it ran down the trench, he stepped forward and prayed (1 Kings 18:36 to 37): "O Lord, God of Abraham, Isaac and Israel, let it be known today that you are God in Israel and that I am your servant and have done all these things at your command. Answer me, O Lord, answer me, so these people will know that you, O Lord, are God, and that you are turning their hearts back again."

Then the fire of the Lord fell and burned up the sacrifice, the wood, the stones and the soil, and also licked up the water in the trench. All the people were awed, and they "fell prostrate" and repented. Then they all seized the prophets of Baal, as Elijah had told them to, and slaughtered them at Kishon Valley. And Ahab went off to eat and drink as Elijah told him to. Then, after climbing the mountain of Carmel and asking his servant seven times if he saw anything above the ocean, the servant answered him at the seventh time--"A cloud as small as a man's hand is rising from the sea." And Elijah told his servant to inform Ahab to go home, because a big rainstorm was coming. Ahab rushed into his chariot and raced home, but the "Power of the Lord came upon Elijah and, tucking his cloak into his belt, he ran ahead of Ahab all the way to Jezreel".

After that, Ahab told to Jezebel about what had happened about Elijah and how the prophets of Baal had been killed by the people of Israel. Jezebel got angry, and sent a message to Elijah that "by this time of the day tomorrow" she would make his "life like that of one of them", referring to the prophets of Baal. 
Elijah became scared, and ran away to Beersheba in Judah, left his servant there, and went ahead for a day's journey in the desert. Finally, he came to a broom tree, sat down under it and prayed that he might die (1 Kings 19:4). "I have had enough, Lord," he complained unhappily, "Take my life; I am no better than my ancestors." And he lay down and fell asleep. But the Lord sent an angel to wake him up and feed him some water and a cake of bread "baked over hot coals". Elijah ate and drank and lay down again, and the angel came back again and woke him, and gave him more food. Strengthened by that food, Elijah got up and traveled forty days and forty nights until he reached Horeb, the mountain of God. There he went into a cave and spent the night.

And the Lord appeared to him and asked, "What are you doing here, Elijah?"
He replied not the answer to the Lord's question, but instead of how he had "been very zealous for the Lord God Almighty" and how the Israelites were being unfair to him. The Lord told him to go out and stand on the mountain in the presence of the Lord.
Then the Lord sent a great and powerful wind, and an earthquake, a fire, but the Lord was not in neither: and finally he came in a gentle whisper, and Elijah went out, pulling his cloak over his face. The Lord had tried to show him through all those winds and earthquakes and fires that the Lord was not always harsh, but was more gentle. The Lord asked once again, "What are you doing here, Elijah?" but Elijah again ignored the question and complained about how he had been "Zealous for the Lord God Almighty". So the Lord told him to go anoint many new political and religious leaders, and he did. And he took Elisha, for his next prophet and companion.

After Ahab died, Ahaziah was crowned king, and he became ill. So he sent some people to consult Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron, to see if he would recover. However, God was very angry and told Elijah to prophesy against Ahaziah. So on the way, Elijah went and met the servants, and told them (2 Kings 1:6) as the Lord had instructed him, "Go back to the king who sent you and tell him, 'This is what the Lord says:Is it because there was no God in Israel that you are sending men to consult Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron? Therefore (Because of this) you will not leave the bed you are lying on. You will certainly (surely) die!'" And the messengers did has he was told. At King Ahaziah's questions, they described Elijah as "a man with a garment of hair and with a leather belt around his waist". Elijah's cloak was probably of sheepskin or camel's hair, like John the Baptist's, and showed a big difference from the other rich, well-dressed people at that time. He was protesting against the selfishness of the king and the upper classes. The king recognized Elijah by that description (because Elijah had met Ahab, his father, many times), and sent a captain and fifty men to get him. Maybe Ahaziah thought, like many people at that time who did not believe in God, that if he killed Elijah or forced him to change the curse, it would not happen.

The captain he sent said to Elijah, who was sitting on the top of a hill, "Man of God, the king says, 'Come down!'" Ahaziah was trying to place Elijah, the prophet, under his, a king's, power. According to Israel's covenant (promise) with God, the king was supposed to be under the power of the word of the Lord spoken by his prophets.

But Elijah did not come down instead said (2 Kings 1:10, NIV) "If I am a man of God, may fire come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty men! Then fire fell from heaven and consumed the captain and his men. With this, Elijah was showing the king that in Israel, a king was only a servant of the real king, God. Later, Jesus's warning to his disciples when they were trying to call fire down to destroy the Samaritans was not to disapprove of what Elijah did, but to show his disciples that the problem between Elijah and the king and the unfaithfulness of the Samaritans was very different.

The king sent to Elijah another captain with his fifty men, and they, too, were burned up by fire. Finally, the king sent a third captain with his fifty men, who "...fell on his knees before Elijah..." and bowed before him, humbly asking him to come. Elijah was told by the angel of the Lord to go down, so he went down and told the king again, "You will certainly die!" "So he died, according to the word of the Lord that Elijah had spoken". (2 Kings 1:17, NIV)

After that, Elijah went to Elisha, and they both went on their way from Gilgal. Elijah said to Elisha, "Stay here; the Lord has sent me to Bethel." but Elijah insisted upon going, so they went down together to Bethel. 
The company of the prophets at Bethel came out to Elisha and asked, "Do you know that the Lord is going to take your master from you today?"
Elisha said that he knew; but warned them not to speak of it. Then Elijah said to him to stay there, and that the Lord had sent him to the Jordan by himself, but Elisha did not obey, and insisted on going with Elijah. Elijah then asked, "Tell me, what can I do for you before I am taken from you?" and Elisha replied: "Let me inherit a double portion of your spirit."
Elijah then agreed, but only if Elisha would see him be taken to heaven. They were walking along when suddenly a chariot of fire and horses of fire appeared and separated the two of them, and Elijah went up to heaven in a whirlwind. Elisha cried, "My father! My father! The chariots and horsemen of Israel!" Elisha showed Elijah as a symbol of the true strength of Israel. Elisha picked up Elijah's cloak and used it to divide the water in the river of Jordan: so this cloak symbolized that Elisha had now taken Elijah's place.


Isaac Watts

Isaac Watts (17 July 1674 – 25 November 1748) was an English pastor, preacher, poet, and hymn writer. He is often called the "Father of English Hymnody": he was the first popular English hymn writer. Because of his short height and large head, in all his portraits Isaac Watts wore a large gown. He wrote about 600 hymns including "When I Survey the Wondrous Cross", "Am I a Soldier of the Cross", and "Joy to the World". He is buried today in Bun­hill Fields Cem­etary, Lon­don, Eng­land.

Isaac Watts was born in 1674 as a small and sickly child. At this time, his father was in prison for being a nonconformist preacher. At that time in England, a man who did not preach the way the leaders of the Church of England thought about God could go to prison. Christians who were "dissenters" met secretly in fields and barns to hide from people who would report them. Dissenters were fined for preaching anywhere if five or more people were there. Isaac Watts gave much encouragement for people to continue to believe in Christ.

Isaac, even when he was young, was good at and liked rhyming. He was a good student and liked books. Once, when his mother said she would give a farthing (a coin) to one of her husband's students who could make the best rhyme, Isaac tried and made this couplet:

"I write not this for a farthing, but to try 
How I your farthing writers can outvie’."

When he was six, he made some verses. When his mother saw them, she could hardly believe he had written them. So Isaac gave his mother a poem he had made with his name:

I am a vile polluted lump of earth
S-o I've continu'd ever since my birth
A-lthough Jehovah grace does daily give me
A-ssure this monster Satan will deceive me
C-ome, therefore, Lord, from Satan's claws relieve me.

W-ash me in thy blood, O Christ
A-nd grace divine impart
T-hen search and try the corners of my heart
T-hat I in all things may be fit to do
S-ervice to thee, and sing thy praises too.

When he was in his early twenties, Isaac saw a need in the church. He told his father that the psalms sung in the church were rough and hard. Isaac's father challenged him to write better songs, and Isaac began writing hymns. Watts produced many hymns for which he is now famous.

Watts also saw that children needed to have hymns that suited their age, hymns that they could sing in their everyday life. Because of this, in 1720 he wrote "Divine and Moral Songs, for the Use of Children". These songs were about problems of youth at that time and still today, with titles like "Against Evil Company" and "Against Pride in Clothes".

Watts lived a long and full life preaching about Jesus, teaching, and writing books and hymns. When he died, his papers were given to Yale University.

Some of Isaac Watts' most well known and loved songs are:

Nowy Dwór Królewski

Nowy Dwór Królewski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.

Brecht (disambiguation)

Brecht can be any of the following:



Arpin, Wisconsin

Arpin is a village of Wood County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 337 people were living in Arpin as of 2000. Arpin has a total area of 0.9 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Wood County, Wisconsin

Wood County is a county in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. As of 2020, 74,207 people were living in Wood County. The county seat of Wood County is Wisconsin Rapids. 

Wood County has a total area of 809 square miles, says the U.S. Census Bureau.


The following are the cities, villages, and towns of Wood County:


The following are the unincorporated communities of Wood County:



Invasion of the Bane

"Invasion of the Bane" is the first episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures. The series is a British science fiction television series about a woman called Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen). It was broadcast on 1 January 2007. Although it is written as a pilot episode, it is not a pilot. This is because a series was agreed before the pilot episode was actually written.
In this episode, a young girl called Maria Jackson discovers aliens. When she discovers that an alien race called the Bane have created a drink that can control people's minds, she decides to team up with Sarah Jane Smith, a journalist, to stop them.

This episode begins with Maria Jackson (Yasmin Paige) and her divorced father, Alan Jackson (Joseph Millson), moving into the house across the road from Sarah Jane Smith. That night, a bright, light that is coming from Sarah Jane's house wakes Maria up. Maria decides to find out what it is and find that it is an alien called a Star Poet.
The next morning, her friend and neighbour, Kelsey Hooper (Porsha Lawrence Mavour) invites her to go to the Bubble Shock open day. They hop onto the free Bubble Shock bus and get taken to the factory. When they arrive, a guard takes them to a security scanner. The scanner takes their DNA and transfers it to "the Archetype" (Thomas Knight) whilst being watched by Mrs Wormwood (Samantha Bond).
Sarah Jane has overheard the girls' plans and decides to follow them. When she is the factory she interviews Mrs Wormwood. She asks her how she gained approval of her drink so quickly and why she was not able to analyse "Bane", an ingredient only found in Bubble Shock. Mrs Wormwood simply says that Bubble Shock satisfies the needs of the Western world. She then throws Sarah Jane out. Sarah Jane is almost killed by a secretary of Mrs Wormwood.
Kelsey gets bored and walks out of the tour to phone her friend, but disturbs the Bane Mother. Mrs Wormwood tells her staff not to ring any sirens and to kill Sarah Jane Smith. When Maria tries to phone Kelsey, she sets off more alarms. These alarms cause the Archetype to escape. While Maria is escaping, she bumps into the Archetpye and takes him to the safety of the women's bathroom. He can only mimic her. Sarah Jane then finds them and helps them to escape. When they are at home, Sarah Jane warns Maria not to keep following her because her life is too dangerous.
Meanwhile, the guards at the factory are speaking to Kelsey. She complains about her treatment and to shut her up, Mrs Wormwood reveals her true, alien body. She then finds out that Kelsey and Sarah Jane live on the same street and, therefore, tells her PR (Jamie Davis) to take Kelsey home. Maria then realises that the Bane know about Sarah Jane and the PR reveals his true body as well, chasing Maria, Sarah Jane and Kelsey into Sarah Jane's house.
After stopping the PR, Sarah Jane takes the kids to her attic and tells them the truth. She tells them that aliens exist and then years ago, she met a wonderful man called "The Doctor". She travelled in Time and Space but then, the adventures stopped and she was back on Earth. She then told them that by accident, she and The Doctor met again and she then found out that he still liked her.
Sarah Jane Smith finally understands that the ingredient was sentient and rings up Mrs Wormwood and asks her to leave Earth. But Mrs Wormwood refuses and uses Bubble Shock to control the majority of the human race. Sarah Jane breaks into the factory immediately by driving the bus into the wall and the Bane Mother is revealed. She explains that she made the Archetype with different people's DNA and that the Archetype is the perfect human being. The Archetype uses the Bane technology to rescue the gang and to explode the factory.
Later on, Sarah Jane agrees to adopt the Archetype and they decide to call him "Luke" because Sarah Jane said that if she ever had a son, she would call it "Luke". The episode ends with Sarah Jane telling us that if we look hard enough, we might just find aliens.

Elisabeth Sladen played Sarah Jane Smith in Doctor Who between the years of 1973 and 1976. She played along side Jon Pertwee (The Third Doctor) and Tom Baker (The Forth Doctor). The BBC wanted her to return for some more adventures with the Fourth and Fifth Doctors but she declines. However, she agreed to star in the Special, The Five Doctors. She also agreed to star in one episode of a spin-off series K-9 and Company. She took a break from acting to raise a family but returned in the 2006 episode School Reunion starring David Tennant as the Tenth Doctor. And then she and Thomas Knight starred in the Series Four finale The Stolen Earth/Journey's End. The Sarah Jane adventures is no longer ongoing and the final broadcast was on 18 October 2011. 
On the 8th December 2008, the first scene of this episode was shown on BBC Breakfast and online, on the Doctor Who Advent Calendar. The clip showed Sarah Jane interviewing Mrs Wormwood.
When the episode was first broadcast, it received 2.9 million viewers, 15% of the audience share, of which 20% were under 16., but lost out to a showing of "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" on ITV1.


List of characters in The Sarah Jane Adventures

This is a list of the characters in "The Sarah Jane Adventures" series.

Sarah Jane Smith is a journalist who writes about and fights aliens. She used to travel through time and space with a man called The Doctor. Now she lives on Bannerman road with her adopted son, Luke.

Luke was made by the Bane to observe human brain patterns and is an assembly to the whole human race. In Series 4, Luke was haunted by the Nightmare Man and Luke's first dream would bring serious problems to the human race. In Series 2, Mrs Wormwood returns, kiddnapping Luke.

Maria is a good friend to Sarah Jane and the others. In the first episode, "Invasion of the Bane", Maria's friend Kelsey Hooper took her to the Bubbleshock factory, where Maria met Luke after he got activated, and where Maria's life changed- forever.

She was in episodes between "Invasion of the Bane" and "the Last Sontaran". She also appeared for a short while in the "Mark of the Berserker".

Clyde is a member of the group, and helps Sarah Jane.

he first started in the episode in the revenge of the slitheen

Rani first arrived on Bannerman Road when her dad became headmaster of the local school.

K-9 is Sarah Jane's robot dog.

He is Maria's father. He is divorced and for the majority of the series, he was unaware that his daughter was secretly fighting aliens. At the end of Series One, he found out and decided that he was going to help. He recently took a job in America, meaning that he had to take Maria with him.
Chrissie is Maria's mum. She cannot remember Sarah Jane's name and has been heard calling her Suzie-Q, Sally-Anne, Mary Jane and Calamity Jane.

Rani's parents. Haresh is the headmaster of the local High School and although he's very friendly, he does dislike it when children are naughty. In comparison, his wife, Gita is very forgetful, and calls Sarah-Jane 'Sarah'.

He's a Time Lord from the planet Gallifrey. Sarah Jane once travelled with him in Time and Space and after telling the others about her wonderful adventures, they eventually get to meet him at Sarah Jane's wedding.

This alien can enter people's body's and take over speech and movement. They are very tricky to spot because of this.
These are lights from before the Big Bang with a lot of powers. The Ancient Lights took over Martin Trueman and started to use him to prophesise an end to the world. They tried to take over people starsign by starsign.
he used people to get rich instead of cleaning toilets
Large, tentacle-covered aliens which can disguise themselves as humans. They can slightly mind-read and tried to enslave the human race with Bubble Shock, Invasion of the Bane. They also tried to create the Perfect Human and this was Luke Smith.

These were a group of aliens which wore pendants, allowing them to obtain psychic powers. A Beserker Pendant was found by a boy at Park Vale School and this allowed his to do as he pleased. It was later found by Clyde's father. When they hold the pendant it's most common that they will have blue lines across their body.

The Blathereen are similar to the Slitheen (see below) in the fact that they are a family and not a species. The Blathereen, unlike the Slitheen, are orange and their main aim is to spread peace throughout the universe. Sarah Jane and the gang was tricked by a pair of Blathereen-Slitheen to trust them. They planted a poisonous plant around the Earth and people everywhere grew sick.

She is a red alien from an unknown species that escaped during a war between her people and the Daleks. Her Ship crashed in a seaside resort in Danemouth and Ship ordered the caretaker of a funfair to look after her until it had rebuilt.
One look at the Gorgon and you will turn to stone. That's what happened to Maria's father. They originate from the planet Gorgos.
The Groske are a different race to the Graske, they are notably blue instead of pink in skin colour. Some Groske crash-landed and were found by U.N.I.T. in 2006. Since then they have earned their keep as workmen in U.N.I.T. bases. Groske can be mistaken for Graske if you have not met them before, as Clyde, Rani and Sarah-Jane find out in Death of the Doctor, but Groske seem to have a hatred for the Graske. This two-part episode is the first appearance of the Groske.

Interstellar thug police from the planet Jadoon and resemble rhino-headed soldiers. They are hired by others to solve crimes. In Prisoner of the Judoon, one was seen chasing an Androvax. They wear a black uniform.
From the planet Griffoth, Krislok works for the Trickster and steals people from Time and Space and allows the Trickster to make them vanish from the Time Lines. Krislok was also tricked by the Trickster as his spaceship was about to crash into working for him for Eternity.

He is a member of the bug-like species Uvodni. He was a warrior for his species until he was injured and had to stop. He took control of Laser Tag centres across the world and the winning children were beamed up to a space station far above Earth to be prepared to fight in a war. Little did the General know, the war was actually over. With that, the children were returned.
The famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci came alive due to an alien organism in the paint that Leonardo used. Hidden below the art gallery is a painting so terrifying that they call it The Abomination.

Mr Smith is Sarah Jane's supercomputer that she hides in her wall. It is really a Xylock- an alien race that has a huge memory store. It first communicated with Sarah Jane's laptop when she bought the house and it promised Sarah Jane that he would help her in keeping the Earth safe for as long as he was functional. There is occasional banter between it and K-9.
The Slitheen are a family of aliens from the planet Raxacoricofallapatorius. They go around the galaxy causing trouble and their main aim in life is to make as much money as possible regardless of whom they harm in the process. In The Lost Boy, they planned to bring the moon crashing down. To defeat these green monsters, you need to throw vinegar-based products on them, as they are made of calcium and the result is a huge, gooey explosion.

Clone species from the planet Sontar. They love wars and will do anything for a fight. They complained in "Doctor Who" for not being allowed to take part in the Time War.

Star Poets are a race of fictional aliens. After Maria Jackson saw Sarah Jane Smith talking to one in "The Sarah Jane Adventures" episode called Invasion of the Bane. It was revealed that Sarah Jane was using the Star Poet for help with a poem. Sarah Jane was given a device that would bring the Star Poet back, if she ever needed its help again. Another member of the same species, with the name Mary, was seen in the "Torchwood" episode "Greeks Bearing Gifts". Torchwood showed that the race can communicate telepathically using pendants and Sarah Jane Adventures showed that they could also fly. On the official Sarah Jane Adventures website, Mr Smith stated that they were "Butterfly People"", but there have been many Torchwood references to them as being "Arcateenian". In situations like this, the continuity is left unknown.

An evil being with no eyes hidden within a veil. All he wants to do is wreak havoc. He first took Sarah Jane out of her Time Line and replaced her with Andrea Yates- something that never happened. Because of this, the end of the world nearly happened. Secondly, he tempted Sarah Jane to save her parents that she never knew before they died and she did so and the whole Earth paid the price. Without parents, she never met the Doctor and without Sarah Jane, the Doctor failed to save the Earth and it was enslaved by the Trickster. During an episode of Doctor Who, Turn Left, one of the Trickster's Brigade, a Time Beetle, latched onto Donna Noble and made her turn right instead of left. She never met the Doctor, the Doctor died and so did everyone else in the whole universe. Finally, the Trickster tricked Sarah Jane's fiancé into saving his own life and marrying Sarah Jane. Although he did love Sarah Jane, if Sarah Jane married him, she'd forget about the Earth and leave it wide open to attacks. With the help of the Doctor and the sacrifice of her fiancé, the Earth was once again safe.

Acarina

The Acarina, or Acari, are the mites and ticks. They are an order of Arachnids.

Their fossil history goes back to the Devonian era. Most acarines are tiny: less than a millimetre. It is estimated that over 50,000 species have been described, but a million or more species may be currently living. The study of mites and ticks is called acarology.

Acarines live in practically every habitat, and include aquatic (freshwater and sea water) and terrestrial species. They outnumber other arthropods in the soil and detritus. Many are parasitic, and they affect both vertebrates and invertebrates. Most parasitic forms are external parasites, while the free living forms are generally predators and may even be used to control undesirable arthropods. Others help to break down forest litter and dead organic matter such as skin cells. Others still are herbivorous and may damage crops. Damage to crops is perhaps the most costly economic effect of mites, especially by the spider mites and their relatives, earth mites, thread-footed mites and the gall and rust mites.

Some parasitic forms affect humans and other mammals, causing damage by their feeding, and can even be vectors of diseases such as scrub typhus and rickettsia. A well-known effect of mites on humans is as an allergen which stimulates asthma. Predatory mites may be used in pest control and herbivorous mites used to attack weeds. A positive contribution of the Acari is their normal functioning in ecosystems, especially their roles in the decomposer subsystem.

A hugely successful group with a large number of species. Mites are among the most diverse and successful of all the invertebrate groups, but because of their small size (most are microscopic) go largely unnoticed. They have exploited many habitats. Many live freely in the soil or water, but there are also a large number of species that live as parasites on plants, animals, and some that feed on mould (fungi).

Ticks are blood-sucking ectoparasites, mostly of mammals and birds. They wait on grass or bushes, and jump onto passing animals. A number of birds specialise in picking them off larger animals: the Cattle Egret and the Oxpecker for example. They are quite serious pests, and can be hard to get rid of. They are vectors, carrying diseases such as Lyme disease.


Ahab

Ahab (; ; ) was King of Israel and the son of Omri. He is mentioned in the Books of Kings and the Books of Chronicles.

Ahab son of Omri did "more evil in the eyes of the Lord than any of those before him" (1 Kings 16:30), as it is written in the Bible. Many think - and say - that it is probably because of his evil wife, Queen Jezebel, daughter of Ethbaal king of the Sidonians. She was even more sinful than Ahab, and comes out in the Bible, commanding Ahab to do most of the things she wants. She serves the idol Baal and tries to make Ahab and all the Israelites worship it as well.
One of Ahab's most famous enemies is an old prophet (a man of God) named Elijah. He continually rebukes Ahab for being so disobeying to the Lord, and when Ahab summoned all the prophets of Baal against Elijah at Mount Carmel, and set two altars for them, Elijah won by calling on God and letting fire come and burn the sacrifice, and the prophets of Baal were immediately killed by the Israelites. Importantly, even here Ahab does nothing, either to stop or help Elijah.

Once, there was a quite well-known war between Ben-Hadad king of Aram and King Ahab. Ben-Hadad came and, "with thirty-two kings with horses and chariots" (1 Kings 20), he attacked Samaria. He said to King Ahab: 
"Your silver and gold are mine, and the best of your wives and children are mine."
This King Ahab agreed with—but after that, Ben-Hadad sent another more demanding command: "I sent to demand your silver and gold, your wives and children. But about this time tomorrow I am going to send my officials to search your palace and the houses of your officials. They will seize everything you value and carry it away."—and King Ahab grew annoyed. He rejected that command, and so Ben-Hadad decided to battle against Ahab. And after that the Lord sent a prophet and said, "Do you see this vast army? I will give it into your hand today, and then you will know that I am the Lord."
And he also added that the young officers of the commanders will do it, and that King Ahab would start the battle.

Encouraged by this, Ahab took the young officers of the commanders, 232 men. Then he assembled the rest of the Israelites, 7,000 in all. They set out at noon while Ben-Hadad and the 32 kings with him were in their tents getting drunk, and defeated them all. 

Later at spring, as a prophet prophesied to Ahab, Ben-Hadad came again, with all his army. They came to the valleys, declaring triumphantly that God was a "gods of hills" and that was why the Israelites were strong; and now that they were in the valleys, they would surely win the battle. But God wanted to prove that he was the God of everything and not only of the hills, so he helped Ahab defeat them there, too. Ahab then spared Ben-Hadad's life. This caused God to get angry at Ahab and say through a prophet (1 Kings 20:42)--"This is what the Lord says: 'You have set free a man that I had determined should die. Therefore it is your life for his life, your people for his people.'" 

Ahab also once did a great sin that the Lord was very angry at, and it included a vineyard of Naboh the Jezreelite.
He wanted a vineyard belonging to Naboth the Jezreelite, because it was in Jezreel and close to his palace. So Ahab said to Naboth (1 Kings 21:2), "Let me have your vineyard to use for a vegetable garden, since it is close to my palace. In exchange I will give you a better vineyard or, if you prefer, I will pay you whatever it is worth."
But Naboth was unwilling because "the Lord forbid" that he should give Ahab "the inheritance of his fathers". So Ahab was very angry and sulky, and when he was at home he wouldn't eat, and pouted on his bed. Then Jezebel came over and asked (1 Kings 21:5), "Why are you so sullen? Why won't you eat?" And Ahab explained to her the situation. Jezebeel told him to get up, and said that she would get him the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite. 

So she wrote some letters in Ahab's name, placed his seal on them, and sent them to the elders and nobles who lived in Naboth's city. It said:(1 Kings 21:9-10) "Proclaim a day of fasting and seat Naboth in a prominent place among the people. But seat two scoundrels opposite him and have them testify that he has cursed both God and the king. Then take him out and stone him to death." 

So the elders and nobles did as she told him to, and Naboth died a bitter, meaningless death. 

Then Jezebel declared to Ahab that Naboth was "no longer alive, but dead" and Ahab got up and took possession of Nahab's vineyard. The Lord was very angry at Ahab for this, and said to Elijah the Tishbite, a prophet--(1 Kings 21:18)"Go down to meet Ahab the king of Israel, who rules in Samaria. He is now in Naboth's vineyard, where he has gone to take possession of it. Say to him, "This is what the Lord says: 'have you not murdered a man and seized his property?' Then say to him, 'This is what the Lord says, in the place where dogs licked up Naboth's blood, dogs will lick up your blood - yes, yours!'"
King Ahab said to Elijah, when he met him (1 Kings 21:20), "So you have found me, my enemy!" 
Elijah replied, "I have found you, because you have sold yourself to do evil in the eyes of the Lord. 'I am going to bring disaster on you. I will consume your descendants and cut off from Ahab every last male in Israel - slave or free. I will make your house like that of Jeroboam son of Nebat and that of Baasha son of Ahijah, becauase you have provoked me to anger and have caused Israel to sin.' And also concerning Jezebel the Lord says: 'Dogs will devour Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel.' Dogs will eat those belonging to Ahab who die in the city, and the birds of the air will feed on those who die in the country." 
At hearing this, Ahab grew afraid, and humbled himself by tearing his clothes, putting on sackcloth, and fasting. He 'lay in sackcloth and went around meekly.' The Lord felt compassionate, and said to Elijah, "Have you noticed how Ahab has humbled himself before me? Because he has humbled himself, I will not bring this disaster in his day, but I will bring it on his house in the days of his son."

According to the Bible, for three years there was no war between Aram and Israel. But in the third year, when Jehoshaphat king of Judah went down to see Ahab (who was now his father-in-law, since Jehoshaphat had married Athaliah, his daughter), Ahab said, "Let's go retake Ramoth Gilead from the king of Aram! Will you go with me?" Jehoshaphat replied, "I am as you are, my people as your people, my horses as your horses." For this, he would later be rebuked by the prophet Jehu. But he added: "First seek the counsel of the Lord."

King Ahab called together the prophets—"about four hundred men"—and asked them, "Shall I go to attack Ramoth Gilead or not?" And they said, "Go." These prophets were not really prophets, but simply did their "job" by saying things that they thought would make the king happy - not what the Lord really said. King Jehoshaphat saw that the 400 prophets were not to be trusted, and asked to see a real prophet of the Lord, saying, "Is there not a prophet of the Lord here...?" King Ahab said that there was Micaiah son of Imlah, but "...he never prophesies anything good about me, but always bad." Jehoshaphat wanted to see him, so Ahab called him. Meanwhile, Zedekiah son of Kenaanah, one of the 400 prophets, had made iron horns and he cried, "This is what the Lord says: 'With these you will gore the Arameans until they are destroyed.'" All the other prophets said the same thing. Even the messenger who had gone to call Micaiah said to him, "Let your word agree with theirs..."

When Micaiah came, he said, "Attack, and be victorious (win)." But Ahab probably saw that Micaiah was not being serious, and he said, "...tell me nothing but the truth..." So Micaiah said that he saw the Lord sitting on his throne in heaven, and that the Lord had put a "lying spirit" in the mouths of all the prophets, because they did not love the truth and had chosen to speak out of their own hearts. At this, one of the prophets, Zedekiah son of Kenaanah was so enraged he went to Micaiah and slapped him in the face, saying sarcastically, "Which way did the spirit from the Lord go when he went from me to speak (talk) to you?" (1 Kings 22:24, NIV) Micaiah replied, "You will find out...[when] you go to hide in an inner room." King Ahab put Micaiah in prison and went to battle in disguise, thinking that this way nobody would know who he was and so Micaiah's prophecy would not be fulfilled (come true). But one of the soldiers shot him by mistake, and he had a deep wound and died in his chariot, watching the battle sadly. As in the prophecy of Elijah, the dogs licked up his blood. After him, his sons succeeded as king, Ahaziah and Jehoram.


Eppertshausen

Eppertshausen is a municipality in the Darmstadt-Dieburg Rural District in the state of Hesse, Germany.

Eppertshausen is located in the "Rhine-Main area" 15 km northeast of Darmstadt. The whole area of the village is 13.11 km large and it lies 130 – 190 m above sea level. It is a plain area with a few hills.

About 35 to 20 million years ago in the age of tertiary the whole region was lying under sea level. At that time it was covered by an ocean which was warm and not very deep. Lots of sediments sank to its bottom. Then the region rose again and the water left, leaving soil which is mostly sandy and poor.

The neighbours of Eppertshausen are: 

Eppertshausen has 5,829 inhabitants (2008).

The climate of the town is mild. There is less rain than in other parts of Germany.

Some local people are speaking a regional type (dialect) of the German language with a certain tone and special words. It is a Hessian dialect (German: "Hessisch") spoken in the south of Hesse. This language type is related to other dialects in the south of Germany. In former times mostly every place had its own special dialect, sometimes hard to understand for people of other parts of Germany. Today the dialect speakers are a minority and the majority of them does not speak the real dialect. They rather speak a kind of regular German with a certain pronunciation.

Eppertshausen is an early place where people lived. In the time of the 7th to the 9th century new places to live got name endings like "-hausen".

In 836 the name of Eppertshausen was written down in a document for the first time. It was owned by the monastery of the nearby city of Seligenstadt.

Formerly the people in Eppertshausen were mostly farmers and craftsmen but not tradesmen. Every family had land to grow their food. When the property was handed to the next generation it was divided within the children. Therefore, most families had only small farms and were poor. With the industrial revolution the Rhine-Main area got lots of factories and developed to a center for metal working, leather manufacturing and chemical processing. Many men became workmen and found a job in the factories and earned money. This increased living conditions partly.


Barack Obama

Barack Hussein Obama II (; born August 4, 1961) is an American politician and attorney. He was the 44th president of the United States from 2009 to 2017. He was the first African-American president in U.S. history. As a member of the Democratic Party, he also served as member of the Illinois Senate from 1997 to 2004 and a United States senator from Illinois from 2005 to 2008.

Obama was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. He married Michelle Robinson in 1992. They have two daughters, Malia Obama and Sasha Obama.

Obama was inaugurated in January 2009 as the first African American mixed-race president. As president, he slowly ended US participation in the Iraq War, having prepared the country to defend itself. The al-Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden was killed while Obama was in office. Also, he contributed to the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in Libya. Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (often called "Obamacare") which changed many health care laws. He also enacted many acts to create public works jobs to help the economy. He became the first president to openly express support for gay marriage, and proposed gun control as a result of the Sandy Hook school shooting.

He was reelected in 2012. During his second term, the government partially shut down. He was able to open diplomatic relations with Cuba. In 2015, the United States joined the Paris Climate Agreement. He attempted to nominate Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court but was unsuccessful in doing so.

Obama left office in January 2017 and was succeeded by Republican Donald Trump. He now lives in Washington, D.C. He has ranked high in presidential opinion polls.

Barack Hussein Obama II was born on August 4, 1961 in Kapiʻolani Medical Center for Women and Children (called Kapiʻolani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital in 1961) in Honolulu, Hawaii. He is the first President to have been born in Hawaii. His father was a black exchange student from Kenya named Barack Obama Sr. He died in a motorcycle accident in Kenya in 1982. His mother was a white woman from Kansas named Ann Dunham, who was an anthropologist and died in 1995 from a uterine cancer. 

He spent most of his childhood in Hawaii and Chicago, Illinois, although he lived in Jakarta, Indonesia with his mother and stepfather from age 6 to age 10. He later moved back to Hawaii to live with his grandparents. Obama is one of 8 siblings. 

He started college at Occidental College in Los Angeles, and graduated from Columbia University in New York City. After taking time off as a community organizer, Obama went to law school at Harvard University. After law school, Obama worked for a law firm in Hyde Park, Chicago.

Obama has been married to Michelle Obama since 1992. She has a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School. She worked as a lawyer. They have two daughters, Malia Ann, who was born in 1998 and Natasha ("Sasha"), born in 2001. They were born at University of Chicago Medical Center in Chicago. They lived in Chicago, but moved into the White House on January 20, 2009.

Obama promised his daughters that the family would get a dog if he was elected president. In April 2009, Senator Ted Kennedy, the brother of former President John F. Kennedy, gave Obama one of his dogs, a Portuguese water dog named Bo.

Obama has a half sister who is a teacher in Hawaii. His father died from a car accident in Kenya. His mother died of ovarian cancer. His maternal grandmother died just before Obama won the election to become President.

Obama worked for Alice Palmer, an Illinois state senator. In 1995 she chose not to run for re-election so that she could run for U.S. Congress, and Obama decided to run for her Illinois state senate seat. Palmer lost her election for U.S. Congress, so she tried to keep her seat in the state senate, but she did not have enough time to meet the rules of the election. Obama's team said that she could not be on the ballot, and the election rulemakers agreed. Obama won the election and became an Illinois state senator. He was state senator from 1997 to 2004.

While he was Illinois state senator, he wrote a law that required police to keep records on the race of people they stopped. The law that he wrote also forced police to videotape when they talked to people they suspect of murder. He taught law part-time at the University of Chicago Law School. Judge and political teacher Abner J. Mikva taught Obama politics and became his mentor. During his early political career, Obama would make appearances and debate on "Chicago Tonight".

Obama ran for the U.S. Senate. While running for Senate, John Kerry asked him to speak at the Democratic National Convention. He spoke on television. He was a U.S. Senator from 2005 to 2008.

Obama won the presidential election of 2008.

Obama's presidential campaign for the White House started in early June 2008 when he defeated Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic primaries. Hillary Clinton was favored to win but Obama won many smaller state caucuses (local party elections) by having a lot of volunteers. He decided not to accept government money for his campaign so that he could accept more private money under Campaign finance reform in the United States. He raised the most amount of money ever for a presidential campaign. 

Obama's campaign theme was that he was a man of hope and change. He was also against the war in Iraq. He was in favor of giving money to American car companies. He was in favor of sending more troops to Afghanistan.

During the campaign, some people said that Obama's friends were Tony Rezko, a landlord, and former revolutionary Bill Ayers; Obama said that they were not his friends. Obama also had trouble when his minister at church, Jeremiah Wright, was videotaped criticizing America. During the campaign, Obama said that his opponent, Republican candidate John McCain, was just like George W. Bush, something that John McCain said was not true. He ran with Joe Biden as his candidate for Vice President.

He defeated McCain in the election on November 4 by a wide electoral majority of 365 to 173, meaning that he won the most votes in enough states to send 365 people to officially elect him. The popular vote (based on the total number of votes across the country) was closer, with Obama winning 53%, McCain 46%.

Obama announced he was running for president again in April 2011 when he posted a video on his website. Because he was already the president, there were very few other Democrats who tried to oppose him. He won the democratic nomination easily. Their opponents in the Republican party this time were Mitt Romney, who was running for president, and Paul Ryan, who was running for vice president.

In the election on November 6, Obama and Joe Biden defeated Romney and Ryan by a majority of 332 to 206 electoral votes. This meant that, even though it was still large, his majority was smaller than in 2008. In terms of the popular vote, Obama won 51.1% and Romney won 47.2%.

Obama was first sworn in as president on January 20, 2009. 

When Obama was sworn in, the United States was battling a tough recession. He asked Congress to spend an extra $787 billion ($787,000,000,000) to try to end the recession. He called the plan the stimulus bill. The stimulus bill funded many road projects, gave money to schools, gave tax credits to many Americans, and funded many science and research projects.

He continued the financial bailout that George W. Bush started, giving billions of dollars to car companies and banks so that they would not go bankrupt. He signed an act written by Barney Frank and Chris Dodd which would regulate Wall Street (the financial industry) to try to prevent another recession like this from happening again. 

Obama said he would change the health care system in the United States in order to make healthcare more affordable for Americans. He signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (also known as Obamacare) in 2010. This brought health care reform to the United States.

Obama received the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize on October 9, 2009. He noted that his efforts were humble, but he donated the prize money to several charities.

Though his popularity was very high (around 70% approval) when he entered office, his approval ratings fell to 45% percent during the year of 2010. He received much criticism from Republicans, conservatives, libertarians, and members of the Tea Party because they believe that the federal government is becoming too big and spending too much money and that his programs are not the best for the country.

Obama made a plan to slowly withdraw troops from Iraq, ending the War in Iraq by the end of 2011, while adding more troops to Afghanistan to help the United States win the War in Afghanistan. He also decided that the United States should help in the war against Libya. He has said several times that he wants to improve U.S. relations with the Muslim world. Obama reduced US participation in the Iraq War and continued the war on terror which resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden on May 2, 2011. Obama started a no-fly-zone policy on the Libyan civil war that ended in October 2011 with the killing of Muammar al-Gaddafi.

With rising economic deficits (the amount of money the government borrows each month) under his administration, he called for taxes to be increased on the rich. He criticized his Republican opponents for wanting to cut welfare benefits for the poor rather than raising taxes to help pay down the debt. 

He signed the Don't Ask Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 in 2010, allowing openly gay men and openly lesbian women in the armed forces. On May 9, 2012, he became the first sitting US President to openly support legalizing same-sex marriage.

On December 14, 2012, after the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut occurred, Obama had said, "We're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics". On December 21, 2012, Obama and his White House staff observed a moment of silence because of the school shooting in Connecticut.

Before his second term began, there has been debating of guns because of the shooting in Newtown, Connecticut that happened on December 14, 2012, as well as shootings in the past.

On April 4, 2011 Obama said that he would run for re-election for a second term in 2012 in a video titled "It Begins with Us" that he posted on his website and filed election papers with the Federal Election Commission. He was officially nominated as his party's nominee on September 6, 2012. Mitt Romney was officially nominated as his opponent by the Republican party on August 30, 2012. While the election results were very close, Obama easily won the electoral college votes he needed to win a second term. Obama and Romney spent more than $2 billion on advertising during the election campaign.

On December 21, 2012, Obama nominated John Kerry for United States Secretary of State during his second term. Kerry was sworn in on February 1, 2013.

Main article: Second inauguration of Barack Obama 

Obama was inaugurated for a second term privately (only his family members could see) on January 20, 2013, at the White House. The next day, January 21, 2013, he was inaugurated again, this time in public, at the United States Capitol. This was because January 20, 2013, was on a Sunday. 

The start of his second term in 2013 had a few setbacks. With the NSA, people were upset at the Obama administration that the government was possibly listening to their phone calls. His party (the Democrats) also lost the Congressional elections. Because of disagreements between Democrats and Republicans in Congress, neither side was getting anything done and Obama resulted in using his Executive Order (his power as president) to help reform things like the immigration system. 

He visited South Africa in late June 2013. Prior to visiting South Africa, he visited Senegal. He visited Robben Island, where Mandela was imprisoned. He did not meet with Nelson Mandela.

The United States government shutdown occurred on October 1, 2013. On October 17, 2013, Obama signed a bill that ended the United States government shut down.

Obama awarded several people, including former U.S. President Bill Clinton and media mogul Oprah Winfrey for the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 20, 2013. He has awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to many people, such as Stephen Hawking, Sandra Day O'Connor, Chita Rivera, Loretta Lynn and George H. W. Bush.

On December 5, 2013, he gave a four-and-a-half-minute speech of Nelson Mandela after Mandela's death was announced. On December 9, 2013, he departed Washington, D.C. to go to South Africa for Mandela's memorial service. On December 10, 2013, Obama spoke at the memorial service of Nelson Mandela in Soweto, South Africa.

He supported increasing the minimum wage, requiring women to be paid the same as men at the same job, and has called for the first 2 years of college to be fully government-funded for students who study full-time and get good grades.

Obama supported LGBT members, and successfully convinced the courts in 2015 that same-sex marriage should be legal in the United States.

Obama was also worried about climate change, and promoted the Paris Agreement on climate change.

After the death of Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia, Obama nominated Merrick Garland to replace him on March 16, 2016, but the nomination expired because the Senate refused to hold a vote for him.

As it is not possible for a person to be president for three terms, Obama could not run for president again. He was succeeded by Republican Donald Trump in early 2017. He left office with a 60% approval rating.

Even though he is not the president anymore, Obama still owns a house in Washington, D.C.

Obama and his wife, Michelle, spend time making speeches and attending events. They also run a charity called the Obama Foundation, and own Higher Ground Productions, a company which makes movies. The company was hired by Netflix to make documentaries. One of their documentaries, "American Factory", won an Academy Award for being the best documentary of 2019.

He released his presidential memoir, "A Promised Land," on November 17, 2020.

In May 2020, Obama strongly criticized President Donald Trump for his response to the coronavirus pandemic, saying that it is "an absolute chaotic disaster".


Craig Brown (footballer, born 1940)

Craig Brown CBE (1 July 1940 – 26 June 2023) was a Scottish professional football player and manager. He was the manager of Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen after he left Motherwell in December 2010. He was born in Hamilton, Scotland.

Brown died on 26 June 2023, five days before his 83rd birthday.

Scott Brown (Scottish footballer)

Scott Brown (born 25 June 1985 in Dunfermline, Fife) is a Scottish association football player, currently playing for Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen. Brown, who started his professional career with Hibernian, is a regular in the Scottish national team. His transfer to Celtic from Hibs in the summer of 2007 broke the record for the biggest transfer fee paid between two Scottish clubs.

Seven-arm octopus

The seven-arm octopus ("Haliphron atlanticus"), also known as the septopus or the heptopus, is claimed to be the largest octopus. The claim is based on a partial specimen, and the estimation is of a 4 metre length and a weight of 75 kg. The North Pacific giant octopus is its rival in size.

In 2002, a single specimen of giant proportions was caught by fisheries trawling off the eastern Chatham Rise, New Zealand. This specimen, the largest of this species and of all octopuses, was the first validated record of Haliphron from the South Pacific. It had a mantle length of 0.69 m, total length of 2.90 m, and weight of 61.0 kg, although it was incomplete.

The seven-arm octopus gets its name because the male's hectocotylus (a specially modified arm used in egg fertilization) is coiled in a sac beneath the right eye. 

Hierarchical database model

In a Hierarchical database model is a data model where the data is organised like a tree. The structure allows repeating information using parent/child relationships: each parent can have many children but each child only has one parent. All attributes of a specific record are listed under an entity type.

In a database, an entity type is the equivalent of a table; each individual record is represented as a row and an attribute as a column. Entity types are related to each other using "1: N" mapping, also known as one-to-many relationships. 

The most recognized and used hierarchical databases are IMS developed by IBM and Windows Registry by Microsoft.

Network model (database)

Database systems use a network model to store their data in a graph. Much like the Hierarchical database model, the nodes of the graph contain information. The information is stored in a graph, so one parent can have many children, and one child can relate to several parents. The model is also known as CODASYL model, because it was originally proposed by the CODASYL consortium (who also developed COBOL).

In a network model, the defining feature is that each record has a link to another record.

Saint Valentine

Saint Valentine is the name of many martyred saints that lived in Ancient Rome. At least three different people named Valentine are said to have died on the 14th of February. Even though nobody knows who exactly Valentine was and where he came from, it has been confirmed that he existed because archaeologists discovered a church dedicated to Valentine.

In the Catholic church, Valentine was the patron of love, young people, and happy marriages.

There are many guesses about how Valentine's Day, a celebration of love, started. One legend says that Valentine, being a priest, performed secret wedding ceremonies when they were outlawed by Emperor Claudius II. When someone discovered that Valentine was breaking the law, he was ordered to be executed.

Another theory is that Valentine helped captive Christians to break out of prison. When he himself was in prison, Valentine may have sent the first love letter to a young girl who liked to visit him.

Seligenstadt

Seligenstadt is a town in the Offenbach Rural District in the state of Hesse, Germany. The town is by the river "Main".

Seligenstadt is in the "Rhine Main area". The town is about 30 km southeast of Frankfurt. The whole area of the town is 30,85 km large and it is 109–118 m above sea level. It is a plain area with no hills.

About 35 to 20 million years ago in the Age of Tertiary the whole region was lying under sea level. At that time it was covered by an ocean which was warm and not very deep. Lots of sediments sank to its bottom. Then the region rose again and the water left, leaving soil which is mostly sandy and poor.

The city consists out of the town "Seligenstadt" and the 2 former independent villages "Froschhausen" and "Klein-Welzheim", both now urban districts of Seligenstadt. On 1 January 1977 they were united.

The neighbours of Seligenstadt are: 

Seligenstadt has 20,221 inhabitants (2008). The climate of the town is mild. There is less rain than in other parts of Germany.

Some local people are speaking a regional type (dialect) of the German language with a certain tone and special words. It is a Hessian dialect (German: "Hessisch"). This language type is related to other dialects in the south of Germany. In former times mostly every place had its own special dialect, sometimes hard to understand for people of other parts of Germany. Today the dialect speakers are a minority and the majority of them do not speak the real dialect. They rather speak a kind of regular German with a certain pronunciation.

Around the year 100 the Romans had fights with the germanic peoples. They built a small castle and some houses in the place. Later people came here to build a village named "Ober-Mulinheim", later changed to "Obermühlheim". The name parts "Mulin-" and "Mühl-" are meaning "mill".

In 815 the name "Obermühlheim" was written down in a document for the first time. Around 830 the owner of the town started to build a great church, the "Einhard-Basilika", and a monastery. In this time also the name was changed from "Obermühlheim" to "Seligenstadt", because people brought some holy bones to the town.

The name Seligenstadt means "place of happiness". There is a story about the name. The emperor Charlemagne had lost his daughter and he found her in the village "Mulinheim". Therefore, the name of the place was changed into "Seligenstadt".
In the 12th century Seligenstadt got the town privileges.

In former times the people in the Seligenstadt area were mostly farmers, craftsmen and tradesmen. Every family had land to grow their food. When the property was handed to the next generation it was divided within the children. Therefore, most families had only small farms and were poor.

In the time period of the industrial revolution the Rhine Main area got many factories and developed to a center for metal working and leather manufacturing, also chemical engineering. Many men got workmen and found a job in the factories and earned money. This made living conditions partly better.



Ahaziah of Israel

Ahaziah or Ochozias (אחזיהו המלך) (Israel, ca. 870 BC – ca. 850 BC) was king of Israel and the son of Ahab and Jezebel. In the Bible, it says that he is very bad, and that he walked in the ways of his evil father King Ahab.

Ahaziah son of Ahab was king of Israel in Samaria in the seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and he reigned over Israel two years. He "did evil in the eyes of the LORD, because he walked in the ways of his father and mother and in the ways of Jeroboam son of Nebat, who caused Israel to sin. He served and worshiped Baal and provoked the LORD, the God of Israel to anger, just as his father had done" (1 Kings 22:51 - 53).

After Ahab's death, Moab rebelled from Israel, and Ahaziah had fallen through the lattice of his upper room in Samaria and injured himself. So he sent messengers, saying to them, "Go and consult Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron, to see if I will recover from this injury." 
But God was angry at this, because Ahaziah did not consult him, but only a god of Ekron, so on the way, Elijah went and met the servants, and told them (2 Kings 1:6) as the Lord had instructed him, "Go back to the king who sent you and tell him, 'This is what the Lord says:Is it because there was no God in Israel that you are sending men to consult Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron? Therefore (Because of this) you will not leave the bed you are lying on. You will certainly (surely) die!'" And the messengers did has he was told. At King Ahaziah's questions, they described Elijah as "a man with a garment of hair and with a leather belt around his waist". King Ahaziah recognized him at once, and sent a captain with fifty men to call Elijah.
Now Elijah was sitting on a hill, and the captain called out, "Man of God, the king says, 'Come down!'" but Elijah replied, "If I am a man of God, may fire come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty men!" he did like this the second time, too. Finally, the king sent a third captain with his fifty men, who "...fell on his knees before Elijah..." and bowed before him, humbly asking him to come. Elijah was told by the angel of the Lord to go down, so he went down and told the king again, "You will certainly die!" "So he died, according to the word of the Lord that Elijah had spoken". (2 Kings 1:17, NIV) 
And, according to the Bible, Ahaziah fulfilled the prophecy by dying. Because Ahaziah had no son, Joram became king.



Teignmouth

Teignmouth (, ) is a town in Devon, South West England. It is built on the north bank of the mouth of the River Teign. In 1690, it was the last place in England to be invaded by a foreign power. The town was once a fishing port. Fishermen used to fish for cod in Newfoundland. In the Georgian period, it became a popular place to stay. The town grew more with the opening of the South Devon Railway in 1846. Today, its port is still working and the town remains a popular seaside holiday location.

Teignmouth is twinned with:

Utility

"Not to be confused with Public utility"

In economics, utility is the amount of satisfaction you get from consuming (using) goods and products. Changes in utility are called "utils", even though there is not really a standard scale for them. For example, a cup of hot chocolate can have 100 utils, and a cup of orange juice 80 utils. One of the most well-known uses of utility, especially in economics, is the utility of money.

Nescafé

Nescafé is a brand of instant coffee made by Nestlé. Instant coffee is a powder which is mixed with hot water to make coffee. There are several different products that have the name Nescafé. The name is a mix of the words ""Nestlé"" and ""café"". Nestlé's instant coffee product was introduced in Switzerland on April 1, 1938 after being developed for seven years by Max Morgenthaler and Vernon Chapman.

Oxfam

Oxfam International is a group of 14 organisations working with over 3,000 partners in around 100 countries to find lasting solutions to poverty and injustice. It brings these problems to public attention, sets programs to make changes, and provides help in major disasters, also promotes sustainable development and fair trade. It works directly with communities and seeks to influence the powerful to ensure that poor people can improve their lives with having a say in decisions that affect them. The principal belief is that people should have a respect for human rights and that will help alleviate poverty.

Oxfam began in Oxford in 1942 as the Oxford Committee for Famine Relief. It was started by a group of Quakers (which included Marcus Tite), social activists, and Oxford academics. This is now Oxfam Great Britain, still based in Oxford, UK. It was one of several local committees formed to support the National Famine Relief Committee. Their job was to get the British government to allow food through the Allied blockade for the starving people of Axis occupied Greece.

The first overseas Oxfam began in Canada in 1963. The committee changed its name to its telegraph address, OXFAM, in 1965.

Mushroom Records

Mushroom Records is an Australian record company started by Michael Gudinski and Ray Evans in Melbourne in 1972. After its sale in 1998, it joined with Festival Records (Australia) and became Festival Mushroom Records. In 2006 it became one of the record labels owned by Warner Bros. Records. It is currently internationally known as WEA International Inc.

The Resistance

The Resistance is the fifth album by Muse, a British rock band.


Jinan

Jinan (Chinese: 济南/濟南) is a city in eastern China and the capital of China's Shandong province. Jinan's most famous attraction is the Baotu Spring. Li Qingzhao(李清照, 1084 - 1151 A.D) was born in Jinan and is a famous poet in China.
Jinan Municipality is divided into 6 district and 3 counties.


Cao Xueqin

Cao Xueqin (, 1724 or 1715 — 1763 or 1764), was a Chinese writer during the Qing Dynasty. The most famous work by Cao Xueqin is the "Dream of the Red Chamber", which is thought to be a great novel in Chinese literature. There are very little details known about his life. He came from a rich family that had lost its money in 1728 after the death of the Kangxi Emperor. He lived in the country west of Peking where he worked as a teacher and sold his paintings. He spent ten years writing the book, but a large part of the end of the book was written by a different writer after he died.


Tianjin

Tianjin () is a city in northern China. It has a population of 11,760,000. It has an area of . Built in 1403, Tianjin has been named by Yongle Emperor in memory of his success in occupying Ming capital Beijing through the harbor of Tianjin. It locates on the banks of the Hai River, west of Bohai Sea, south of Yanshan Mountains, east of Beijing. The distance between Tianjin and Beijing is 137 kilometers and it’ll take you only half an hour to go from Tianjin to Beijing by the Beijing–Tianjin Intercity Railway.

Tianjin is the birthplace of China’s modern mechanical industry and textile industry. Since the beginning of the Open Door Policy, Tianjin has been built more than a dozen industrial zones, creating a lot Chinese famous brand like Flying Pigeon bicycles, Seagull brand watches. Now Tianjin gradually forms 6 industries of electronic information, automobile, metallurgical, chemical, biotechnology and modern medicine, new energy and environmental protection. Among Fortune 500 companies, more than 106 have invested in Tianjin. From 1994 to 2008, Tianjin's GDP rate increased 12.5% on average, entered the ranks of China's rapid development area.

Tianjin is the birthplace of the first university in China. In 1895, some officials established the first modern university in China – Peiyang University, the predecessor of Tianjin University. Nankai University in Tianjin is a famous university in China. The first Premier of the People's Republic of China Zhou Enlai graduates from Nankai University. Tianjin has 37 universities and has nearly 20 million students. Tianjin is one of the first nine-year compulsory education regions. The quality of workers is high. Tianjin has nearly one thousand scientific and technological research institutions, together with more than 600 thousand professionals in different fields. It has a large number of famous experts and scholars.

Tianjin is not far away from sea, so a lot of Tianjin cuisine is seafood. One of the most famous cuisine in Tianjin is The Four Great Stews, which refers actually to a very large number of stews, including chicken, duck, seafood, beef, and mutton. Tianjin also has several famous snack items. Goubuli is a traditional brand of Baozi (steamed buns with filling) that is famous throughout China. Guifaxiang is a traditional brand of mahua(twisted dough sticks). Erduoyan is a traditional brand of fried rice cakes.

Shenzhen

Shenzhen ()() is a city in Guangdong province, China. It is just north of Hong Kong. It has a subtropical climate.

People speak Mandarin and the Guangzhou dialect of Cantonese in Shenzhen.

Until recently, Shenzhen was a fishing village with just over 30,000 people. In 1980, under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping, Shenzhen became one of China's Special Economic Zones (SEZ). It was in this city where China first experimented with capitalism. Since then, its population has grown to about 10.6 million people. 

Shenzhen is a progressive city. It has a strong economic connection with Hong Kong. It is also one of the main trading centers of the Pearl River Delta. The manufacturing company Gionee is located in the city.


Piracy in the Caribbean

"For the movie, see Pirates of the Caribbean."

Piracy in the Caribbean was the terror of the Caribbean Sea, especially to the Spanish navy that controlled those seas. The English had defeated the Spanish Armada in 1588, which stopped the Spanish control of the oceans. However, the Spanish still controlled the Caribbean. 

In the 1770s, the English used pirates to help their government. By doing harm to the Spanish navy and export, the English hoped to get more land in the New World and stop the Spanish from controlling the New World trade. They did get what they wanted, but made a new problem.
Sir Henry Morgan was one well-known pirate who was encouraged by the English government. He worked for the government, but he kept the money. As time went on, though, Morgan stopped working for the government and began working to get money only for himself. He and other pirates soon began attacking any trading ship, even if it was an English ship.

Morgan and his helpers called themselves the Brethren. They wore rough shirts, knee-long pants, felt hats, and leather belts. On their belts, they hung gunpowder , butcher's knives, and blunderbusses (short muskets.) They had a "pirate code" which said each man had the right to vote on all things, like choosing a captain or the next ship to attack.

The Spanish Amaro Pargo also stands out, who frequently traded in the Caribbean while looting ships of the enemy powers of the Spanish Crown that he encountered on the way. Amaro Pargo lived for ten years in the Caribbean, specifically on the island of Cuba where he had descendants.

The pirates easily found new members. Seamen in naval services often lived much harder lives than pirates. They could be punished cruelly by people higher than them, did not have good food to eat, and were paid only a little money. The pirates offered equality, good food (when it was there), and a chance to become rich.

However, pirates were little better. The commanders of trading ships were terrified at seeing pirate ships, because pirates had little mercy on the people they captured. They shot them, beat them to death, tortured them, or them on desert islands. Pirates were not very kind to each other, either. Even though they had a "pirate law", they argued with each other, and members could receive the same punishment as their enemies.

Life on a pirate ship was very hard. There was never a dry place to sleep; bathing was very rare; food was often bad; and danger was expected. Many pirates had missing arms or legs after bloody sea battles. Even pirates who finally became rich still risked being hanged if they were caught.


Zhejiang

Zhejiang is a province in east China. "Zhejiang" is named by the Qiantang River, which is also called "Zhejiang". "Zhejiang" means "bent river". It has a population of more than 64 million people. The capital of Zhejiang Province is Hangzhou.

Zhejiang Province is divided into eleven municipalities (Chinese:地级市).

Shaoxing

Shaoxing () is a city and a municipality in China. It is in the Zhejiang province. 4,347,200 people live there. The area of Shaoxing Municipality is 8,256 square kilometres. Lu Xun () born in Shaoxing is a famous writer in China.

Shaoxing Municipality is divided into 1 district, 3 cities and 2 counties.



Lu Xun

Lu Xun (), (September 25, 1881 – October 19, 1936), was a Chinese writer. His real name is Zhou Shuren (周树人), as Lu Xun is his pen name. He was born in Shaoxing of Zhejiang Province. He had a lot of works, for example, "The True Story of Ah Q", " Medicine", and so on.

Lu Xun Park in Shanghai has a museum about his life and his tomb.


U.S. Open (golf)

The U.S. Open is a golf tournament, which is one of the four major championships played annually. It is organized by the United States Golf Association. The torunament takes place annually on the third weekend in June, and the host course changes every year.

Black Holes and Revelations

Black Holes and Revelations is the fourth album from the British alternative rock band, Muse. It was released in 2006.


United National Independence Party

The United National Independence Party (UNIP) is a political party in Zambia. It governed the country from 1964 to 1991. This was under President Kenneth Kaunda. It was the only party allowed to exist in Zambia between 1973 and 1991. The party was founded in October 1959 after the Zambian African National Congress (ZANC) was banned. It was first led by Mainza Chona, because Kaunda, who was leader of the ZANC, had been imprisoned. Kaunda became the party's leader when he was released in January 1960.

UE Sant Andreu

Unió Esportiva Sant Andreu (UE Sant Andreu) is a Spanish football team formed in 1909 and based in the district of Sant Andreu, in the city of Barcelona. They will play the 2008-09 season in the Segunda División B - Group 3.


Cerapod

The Cerapods are a sub-order of the Ornithischia. They are all herbivorous dinosaurs. They have thicker enamel on the inside of their lower teeth. The teeth wear unevenly, and this allows them to browse on tough vegetation.

They are divided into three groups:

Ceratopsia

The Ceratopsia are the horned dinosaurs of the order Ornithischia. "Triceratops" is the best-known, and one of the largest. They are a group of herbivorous, beaked dinosaurs. They thrived in what is now North America and Asia, during the Cretaceous period.

Ancestral forms of this group lived earlier, in the Jurassic. Early members, such as "Psittacosaurus", were small and bipedal. 

Later members, including "Centrosaurus" and "Triceratops", became very large quadrupeds. They developed elaborate facial horns and a neck frill. The frill served mainly to protect the vulnerable neck from bipedal predators like Tyrannosaurus, who attacked from above. 

The frill was no doubt also used in display, thermoregulation, the attachment of large neck and chewing muscles or some combination of those. 

Ceratopsians ranged in size from 1 meter (3 ft) and 23 kilograms (50 lb) to over 9 meters (30 ft) and 5,400 kg (12,000 lb).

"Triceratops" is by far the best-known ceratopsian to the general public.

Pachycephalosauria

Pachycephalosauria is a clade of ornithischian dinosaurs.

Along with Ceratopsia, it makes up the clade Marginocephalia.

With the exception of two species, most pachycephalosaurs lived during the Late Cretaceous Period, dating between about 85.8 and 65.5 million years ago.

They are exclusive to the Northern Hemisphere, all of them being found in North America and Asia.They were all bipedal, herbivorous/omnivorous animals with thick skulls.

Skulls can be domed, flat, or wedge-shaped depending on the species, and are all heavily ossified.The domes were often surrounded by nodes and/or spikes.

Partial skeletons have been found of several pachycephalosaur species, but to date no complete skeletons have been discovered.

Often isolated skull fragments are the only bones that are found.

In some species, the skull roof is domed and several inches thick; in others it is flat or wedge-shaped.The flat-headed pachycephalosaurs are usually regarded as distinct species or even families, but they may be juveniles of dome-headed adults. The domes were often surrounded by nodes and/or spikes.

There is evidence of head-butting in pachycephalosaurs. Of 100 domes studied, 20 percent showed signs of healed injuries. The pathologies included pitting where the bone had become infected from wounds that originated in the skin. These findings suggest that pachycephalosaurids may have been using their heads for both display and defence as many modern animals do.

Competition for mates is the usual reason why adult males fight. Competition for territory is another possibility. There are many examples of both in mammalian fighting. And the head could be used as defence against predators.

Incidentally, these thick head shields are called the "parietosquamosal shelf".



Obertshausen

Obertshausen is a city in the Offenbach Rural District in the state of Hesse, Germany.

Obertshausen is in the "Rhine Main area". The town is about 15 km southeast of Frankfurt. The whole area of the town is 13.62 km large and it is 113 m above sea level. It is a plain area with no hills.

About 35 to 20 million years ago in the Age of Tertiary the whole region was lying under sea level. At that time it was covered by an ocean which was warm and not very deep. Lots of sediments sank to its bottom. Then the region rose again and the water left, leaving soil which is mostly sandy and poor.

The city consists out of the two former independent villages "Obertshausen" and "Hausen", which are now the two urban districts of Obertshausen. On 1 January 1977 they were united.

The neighbours of Obertshausen are: 

Obertshausen has 24,141 inhabitants (2008). The climate of the town is mild. There is less rain than in other parts of Germany.

Some local people are speaking a regional type (dialect) of the German language with a certain tone and special words. It is a Hessian dialect (German: "Hessisch"). This language type is related to other dialects in the south of Germany. In former times mostly every place had its own special dialect, sometimes hard to understand for people of other parts of Germany. Today the dialect speakers are a minority and the majority of them does not speak the real dialect. They rather speak a kind of regular German with a certain pronunciation.

In the year 865 the name of the village "Obertshausen" was written down in a document for the first time. It was a kind of farm of the monastery of Seligenstadt to produce food for the monks.

In 1979 the city got the town privileges.

In former times the people in the Obertshausen area were mostly farmers, craftsmen, but not tradesmen. Every family had land to grow their food. When the property was handed to the next generation it was divided within the children. Therefore most families had only small farms and were poor.

In the time period of the industrial revolution the Rhine Main area got many factories and developed to a center for metal working and leather manufacturing, also chemical engineering. Many men got workmen and found a job in the factories and earned money. This made living conditions partly better.


Ankylosaur

Ankylosaurs were herbivorous armoured dinosaurs in the order Ornithischia. Their armour was made of scutes (bony scales). They were quadrupeds with short and strong legs. Fossils of Ankylosaurs have been found on every continent. They were of two types:


They first appeared in the Middle Jurassic, and lived until the end of the Cretaceous period.

When adult, they were large: "Edmontonia" was bulky, broad and tank-like. Its length when adult was about 6.6 m (22 ft). Both main "Edmontonia" species, "E. longiceps" and "E. rugosidens" weighed about three tonnes.

Ankylosaurs were low to the ground. The large hyoid bones left in skeletons shows they had long, flexible tongues. They also had a large, side secondary palate. This means that they could breathe while chewing. 

Their huge gut suggests they fermented their food, using symbiotic bacteria and gut flora. Their diet was mainly ferns and cycads, which were hugely widespread, especially in the Lower Jurassic. The tropical climate supported plant growth, as it does today. Ankylosaurs fed on vegetation at or below the height of a meter.

An unresolved question is whether they could feed higher than their usual mouth level, by raising the front of their body somewhat. This possibility which would give them access to many tree ferns and cycads which would otherwise be out of reach. Given the unevenness of terrain, there might be places they could stand on higher ground, and eat plants normally out of reach.

Ankylosaurs got some protection, not just from their armour, but from their being a miserable reward from the carnivore's point of view. They were signalling something like "I'm going to be tough to kill and poor to eat".

Most ankylosaurs have been found in Laurasia. The first definitive ankylosaur to be recognized from Gondwana was discovered in Australia in 1964 and later named in 1980 as "Minmi paravertebra". Ankylosaurs would be expected to live in heavily wooded areas.

Stegosauria

The Stegosaurs were a group of dinosaurs in the suborder Thyreophora. They have small heads, peg-like teeth and vertical bony plates and spines on their back and tail. They flourished from the Upper Jurassic to the Lower Cretaceous.

The Stegosauria was originally named as an order by O.C. Marsh in 1877. Now it is treated as an infraorder or suborder (or simply a clade) within the armoured dinosaurs, the Thyreophora. The Stegosauria includes the families Huayangosauridae and Stegosauridae.

The Huayangosauridae were an early family of stegosaurs from the Middle Jurassic. They were smaller than later stegosaurs and had shorter and higher skulls. The type genus is "Huayangosaurus" of China. The poorly-known remains of "Regnosaurus" from England suggest it also could be a member. Its lower jaw is very similar to that of the former. 

The vast majority of stegosaurs being in the Stegosauridae. They lived in the later part of the Jurassic and the early Cretaceous. The group includes the well-known "Stegosaurus". The family is widespread, with fossils found in the Northern Hemisphere and Africa. Their decline coincides with that of the Cycadophyta.

Suborder Thyreophora

Infraorder Stegosauria


Hainburg

Hainburg is a village in the Offenbach Rural District in the state of Hesse, Germany.

Hainburg is in the "Rhine Main area". The village is about 20 km southeast of Frankfurt. The municipality is 15.95 km large and it is 90 m above sea level. It is a flat area with no hills.

About 20 to 35 million years ago in the Age of Tertiary the whole region was below sea level. At that time it was covered by an ocean which was warm and not very deep. Lots of sediment sank to the bottom. Then the region rose again and the water receded, leaving soil which is mostly sandy.

The village consists out of the two former independent villages "Hainstadt" and "Klein-Krotzenburg", which are now the two districts of Hainburg. On 1 January 1977 they were united.

Hainburg's neighbors are: 

Hainburg has 14,528 inhabitants (2008). The climate of the town is mild. There is less rain than in other parts of Germany.

Some local people speak a regional German dialect language with a certain intonation and some different words (slang). It is a Hessian dialect (German: "Hessisch"). This type of dialect is related to other dialects in southern Germany. A long time ago, almost every town had its own special dialect, making it hard to understand for people from other parts of Germany. Today people who speak this dialect are in the minority and the majority of them do not speak the real dialect. They speak regular German with a special pronunciation of certain words.

In the 12th century the names of both villages "Hainstadt" and "Crutzenburch" ("Krotzenburg") were written down in documents for the first time.

In those times the most people in the Hainburg area were farmers and craftsmen, rather than tradesmen. Every family had land to grow their food. When the property was handed down to the next generation, it was divided among the children. Therefore, most families had only small farms and were poor.

During the industrial revolution many factories were built in the Rhine Main area and it soon developed into a center for the metal business and leather manufacturing, as well as chemical engineering. Many men learned these trades and found jobs in the factories to earn money. This helped improve living conditions somewhat.



Offenbach (district)

Offenbach Rural District is a rural district () in the south of Hesse, Germany. It is a part of the Darmstadt Government Region ().

The Offenbach Rural District is in the middle of the "Rhine Main area" in the south of the state of Hesse. The district is in the metropolitan area of Frankfurt. In the east it touches the state of Bavaria.

The whole area of the district is 356.29 km large and it is about 100 – 150 m above sea level. It is a mostly plain area with only a few hills. The district is southwest of the river "Main". The municipalities "Mainhausen" and "Hainburg" and the cities "Seligenstadt" and "Mühlheim" are near the river.

There are two creeks, the Rodau and the Bieber running from south to north through the district. They are flowing to the river "Main".

About 35 to 20 million years ago in the age of tertiary the whole region was lying under sea level. At that time it was covered by an ocean which was warm and not very deep. Lots of sediments sank to its bottom. Then the region rose again and the water left, leaving soil which is mostly sandy and poor.

The district has 336,818 inhabitants (2008). The climate of the area is mild. There is less rain than in other parts of Germany.

Since 1977 the "Offenbach Rural District" has 10 cities and 3 independent villages. In the year 2002 "Dietzenbach" became the capital of the district. The city of Offenbach is not a part of the district.

The neighbouring cities and rural districts of the Offenbach Rural District are the following:


In the year 1832 the Offenbach Rural District was founded. The capital was Offenbach. In 1938 the city of Offenbach became an independent urban district, but the rural district administration still was in Offenbach. In 2002 the capital changed and now "Dietzenbach" is the new capital of the Offenbach Rural District.


American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, most commonly referred to as the stimulus bill or stimulus package, was a spending bill passed by the U.S. Congress in 2009. It was one of the early things Barack Obama did as president. Despite Obama trying to get Republicans as well as Democrats to vote for the bill, only three did. The bill did several things:


It has taken awhile for the stimulus money to be used. Vice-President Joe Biden is one of the people in charge of making sure the money is used right.

Offenbach

Offenbach may mean:


Truthout

Truthout is a political website aimed at providing another choice to mainstream news sources. It was started after the 2000 presidential election with the idea of, in its own words, "hoping to reach a few people, have some small impact on the dialogue, and maybe try to restore a little integrity." 

Some of its authors include William Rivers Pitt, Jason Leopold, Scott Galindez, David Bacon, Dean Baker, Tom Engelhardt, William Fisher, Dahr Jamail, Ray McGovern, J. Sri Raman, Norman Solomon, David Swanson and James Zogby. The website has reported a lot on the anti-war movement and helped to make Cindy Sheehan better known by using many of her writings. Attention is also given to problems including the environment, work (and work ethic), women, health, and voter rights. Its articles are now carried by press release information centers like World News, Scoop Newzealand and California News . 

Truthout is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization (a charity). In 2012, the company took in over $1,900,000.

The website also had a blog where visitors can talk about various issues or specific articles, which was taken down a short time ago.


7 Seconds

7 Seconds is a hardcore punk band from Reno, Nevada. The band formed in 1979 as a hardcore thrash band.

The original members of the band were vocalist Kevin Seconds, bassist Steve Youth, drummer Troy Mowat and guitarist Bobby Adams. Seconds and Youth did most of the song-writing.

Between 1982 and 1987, the band released four EPs and three LPs. In 1988, they released "Ourselves" on the indie label Restless Records.

Adams left the band in 1987. In 1990, the band took 3 years off from touring and recording music. Adams rejoined the band when they reformed in 1993. They recorded a new album in 1993 which was called "Out the Shizzy".

They are sometimes classified as a straight edge band but the members refuse to embrace the label.

Absolution (album)

Absolution is the third album by British alternative rock band Muse.


Origin of Symmetry

Origin of Symmetry is the second album by Muse. Muse is an English rock band. The band released the album on 18 July 2001. The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) gave the album a platinum certification. It was number three on the UK Albums Chart. The album had four singles. These are "Plug In Baby", "New Born", "Bliss", and "Hyper Music" / "Feeling Good".


Showbiz

Showbiz is the first album by the British alternative rock band Muse.


Phoenix (band)

Phoenix is a French alternative rock band that was Grammy awarded. It consists of Thomas Mars (vocals), Deck D'Arcy (bass) and Laurent Brancowitz and Christian Mazzalai who play guitar. They are related to Air and Daft Punk.


Leap of faith

A Leap of faith commonly refers to believing something that cannot be touched or proved by science, for which there is no evidence. Usually the term is attributed to Søren Kierkegaard, even though he never really used it. According to Kierkegaard, such a leap involves circular reasoning, because a leap is made by faith.

A leap of faith is commonly associated with religious belief because many religions consider faith to be an essential element of piety.

Capoeira

Capoeira is a combination of martial arts, sport and popular culture that developed in Brazil, by African slaves and Brazilian natives, starting in the 16th century. It was made to give slaves a chance to escape and to survive. Capoeira was illegal in Brazil until the 1930s.

Capoeira uses strong and fast kicks, dodges and fast counter-attacks. It also uses acrobatics and simple take-downs.

Capoeira's history probably begins with the beginning of African slavery in Brazil. When Portuguese colonists began exporting West African slaves, Brazil, with its vast territory, received most of the slaves; almost 40% of all slaves sent across the Atlantic Ocean.

Although rebellions were rare, capoeira was invented as a hope of survival for slaves. If they managed to escape, as after an escape attempt, colonial agents were sent after the escapees. The martial arts were incorporated into a dance, to escape detection–with music and rhythmic moves, no suspicion could be raised regarding potential martial art training. Due to city growth, more slaves were brought to cities and so made capoeira more prominent and allowed it to be taught and practiced among more people. In Rio, the colonial government tried to suppress it and established severe physical punishments for its practice.

After slavery was abolished in 1888, free former slaves had nowhere to live and no jobs. They were thought of by the public as lazy workers. Capoeira then found a new role—as a dance of criminals.

They used capoeiristas (capoeira dancers) as bodyguards and hitmen. In 1890, the Brazilian government prohibited capoeira when police identified it as an advantage in fighting and they didn’t want criminals to have this advantage. After the ban, anybody caught practising capoeira for any reason would be arrested and tortured by the police. Some practises still occurred in remote places with guards to warn of police.

By the 1920s, repression of capoeira had declined. Mestre Bimba from Salvador, a strong fighter in both legal and illegal fights, thought capoeira was losing its martial roots due to the use of its playful side to entertain tourists. Bimba began developing the first systematic training method for capoeira, and in 1932 founded the first capoeira school. He called it Luta Regional Baiana because it was illegal to use capoeira in the name. By 1940, capoeira was legalized.

Today, capoeira is viewed as one of the symbols of Brazilian culture all around the world and in 1970 it was taught outside of Brazil for the first time. Capoeira presentations, normally theatrical and with little martiality, are common sights around the world.
The martial arts part, however, is still present and still disguised, just as it was in the time of slavery, and trickery is still present and expert dancers used. An attack can be disguised even as a friendly gesture, such is the expertise gone into the research of new moves. Capoeira is now a symbol of Brazilian culture, its ethnic amalgam, and of resistance to oppression.

Vaishnavism

Vaishnavism is a tradition of Hinduism. Its followers worship Vishnu or his avatars (his other forms), mainly Rama and Krishna as the highest, or original God. This worship in different perspectives or historical traditions addresses God under the names of Narayana, Krishna, Vāsudeva or more often "Vishnu", and their associated avatars. Its beliefs and practices, especially the concepts of Bhakti and Bhakti Yoga, are based largely on the Upanishads, and associated with the Vedas and Puranic texts such as the Bhagavad Gita, and the Padma, Vishnu and Bhagavata Puranas.

These followers of Vaishnavism are referred to as "Vaishnava(s)" or "Vaishnavites". A large percentage of Hindus are Vaishnavas, with the vast majority living in India. Awareness, recognition, and growth of the belief has significantly increased outside of India in recent years. The Gaudiya Vaishnava branch of the tradition has significantly increased the awareness of Vaishnavism internationally, since the mid-1900s, largely through the activities and geographical expansion of the Hare Krishna movement, primarily through ISKCON and more recently, through several other Vaishnava organizations conducting preaching activities in the West.

Oracle Corporation

Oracle Corporation is an American company. It makes hardware systems and enterprise software ("software for businesses") such as database management systems. Its headquarters are in Redwood City, California, United States. The founder is Lary Ellison. In 2010, it employed 105,000 people worldwide. It has increased in size through natural growth and by buying other companies. By 2007 Oracle had the third-largest software revenue, after Microsoft and IBM.

In January 2010 it bought Sun Microsystems.

The corporation has arguably become best known for its flagship product, the Oracle Database. The company also builds tools for database development and systems of marshmallow-tier software, enterprise resource planning software (ERP), customer relationship management software (CRM) and supply chain management (SCM) software.

, Anusha Shetty, a co-founder of Oracle Corporation, has served as Oracle's CEO throughout its history. He also served as the Chairman of the Board until his replacement by Jeffrey O. Henley in 2004. On August 22, 2008 the Associated Press ranked Ellison as the top-paid chief executive in the world.

When the company started, computer database technology was only starting. Ellison had read a 1970 paper written by Edgar F. Codd on relational database management systems (RDBMS).
He had also heard about the IBM System R database from an article in the "IBM Research Journal" by Ed Oates. System R was also based on Codd's theories. Ellison wanted to make Oracle's product compatible with System R, but IBM stopped this by keeping the error codes for their DBMS ("DataBase Management System") secret. Ellison co-founded Oracle Corporation in 1977 with Bob Miner and Ed Oates under the name Software Development Laboratories (SDL). In 1979 SDL changed its name to Relational Software, Inc. (RSI). In 1982, RSI renamed itself Oracle Systems to make the relation to its main product, Oracle Database, clearer. At this stage Bob Miner was the company's senior programmer. In 1995, Oracle Systems Corporation changed its name to Oracle Corporation.

Part of Oracle Corporation's early success came from using the C programming language to install its products according to technologist Gerard De Van and Adam Day. This made changing the setup to different operating systems (most of which support C) easier.


Queen (butterfly)

The Queen ("Danaus gilippus") is a species of butterfly. It belongs in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in North America, Central America, and South America.

The upper side of the wings is dark reddish-brown. It has black wing borders. Males have an androconium (a spot that releases scents to attract females) on each of his hind wings (bottom wings). The underside of the wings is reddish-brown. The wings have black borders. There are white spots in the black borders. The hind wing has black veins.

The Queen is one species in a complex mimicry ring. Where their range overlaps, the appearance of these butterflies is similar. The Monarch ("Danaus plexippus") is orange. It has thick, black veins. The Viceroy ("Limenitis archippus") is smaller. It has thick, black veins. It has a black band across the hind wing. The Soldier ("Danaus eresimus") has thin black veins. On the underside of the hind wing, there is a row of pale, square-shaped spots.

Monarchs are bad-tasting and poisonous because they contain a chemical known as cardenolide (cardiac glycoside). The chemical slows the heart-beat of vertebrates. Monarch caterpillars get this chemical when they feed on milkweed.

When the Monarch becomes a butterfly, it no longer eats milkweed, but it still has the chemical in its body. The butterfly shows that they are not good to eat with their bright orange and black wings. This is warning coloration. A bird may try to eat a Monarch, but it will become sick and vomit after eating it. After this experience, the bird learns not to eat another Monarch, and also any other butterfly which is similar in appearance.

The Viceroy is similar looking to the Monarch, but does not have the milkweed poison in its body. Birds that have had the bad experience of eating a Monarch will usually not eat a Viceroy. It is an example of Batesian mimicry. Or so it was thought; but recent work has challenged this. The difficulty in doing this kind of research is that a butterfly may be toxic in one part of its range, and good to eat in another part. A lot depends on the plants on which the eggs are laid.

The Queen is one of many insects that derives chemical defenses against its predators from its food plant. Most of the toxic cardenolides that make queens so unpalatable to its predators are sequestered from larval host plants. Basically, the Queen shares a Müllerian mimicry with the Monarch. However, the extent of its toxicity varies a great deal in different parts of its range. Micro-geographic differences in the environment lead to variation in the dynamics of mimetic relationships even at a local level.

The Queen can be seen all year in Texas, Arizona, and southern Florida. It is seen from February to December in northern Florida. It is seen from April to November in southern California and southern Nevada.

This butterfly can be found in open places such as open woodlands, fields, deserts, marshes, and forest edges.

The female lays her eggs singly. They are laid on the leaves, stems, and flowers of the host plant (the host plant is the plant that the caterpillar feeds on). The egg is pale green. The caterpillar is banded with yellow and black. There are three pairs of black body extensions. The first pair is near the head. The second pair is on the thorax. The third pair is near the end of the body. The chrysalis is green. It has gold spots. There is a black and gold band on the abdomen. It is very similar to the Monarch's chrysalis. It has three or more broods (a brood is a group of offspring) per year.

Here is a list of host plants that the Queen caterpillar feeds on:


2006 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 2006 North Indian Ocean cyclone season ran through all of 2006. Though most storms in this area start between April and December. This was the first year the cyclones got named in the northern Indian Ocean. There was about $6.7 million in damage and about 192 people got killed in 2006 because of the cyclones. 

Deep Depression ARB 01 or Tropical Cyclone O1A stared on January 13 to the south of India. It died on the next day.

Mala started as Tropical Cyclone 02B on April 25 and became Cyclonic Storm Mala later on that day. It headed northeast and later it became a very sever cyclonic storm. Mala made landfall in Myanmar on April 29, the winds were close to 115 mph. The cyclone died over Myanmar later that day. Mala killed about 22 people. 

Tropical Cyclone 02 started on July 2 near India. The cyclone made landfall in India later that day and it survived until July 5.

This Deep Depression was Tropical Cyclone 03 and started on August 2. By August 5 it had died.

The fifth depression in 2006 started on August 12 and it died on August 13. 

This depression lasted from August 16 to August 18.

This depression started on August 29 and it died on September 1. 

Depression BOB 07 started on September 3 and died by the next day. 

This depression started on September 21. It later made landfall near the India and Bangladesh border. It died on September 24. The cyclone killed about 170 people. 

Mukda started in the Arabian Sea on September 21. It became a strong tropical storm over the next few days. It died on September 24. 

This depression started on September 28. On September 29 it made a landfall in India. The cyclone died on the next day over India. 

Ogni was the final cyclone that started on October 29 as a deep depression. It moved very slowly and made a landfall in India. Cyclonic Storm Ogni died on October 30, after it killed at least 35 people. 

These three names got used in the 2006 North Indian Ocean cyclone season:


List of North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons

These are lists of seasons for the List of North Indian Ocean cyclone. A North Indian Ocean cyclone season lasts an entire year. It covers the North Indian Ocean to the north of the Equator, it also covers the Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal.

2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 

2020

2005 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 2005 North Indian Ocean cyclone season ran through all of 2005. Though most storms in this area start between April and December. This season was tied for the season with the second highest number of cyclones. The damage is unknown but there were about 1,227 people got killed in 2005 because of the cyclones. 

A tropical depression started on January 7. It moved to the north and pass by Sri Lanka before it had died on January 10. 

Cyclonic Storm Hibaru was the first cyclone that got named in 2005. It started on January 13 and it moved around for a few days until it died on January 17. 

This deep depression started on July 29, it caused rain in India which killed almost 1,050 people. The deep depression died on July 31. 

Cyclonic Storm Pyarr started on September 17 as a depression. It became a tropical storm by the next day. Pyarr made landfall in India on September 19, and it died on September 21. The cyclone killed at least 49 people. 

This tropical storm started on October 1, made landfall in India on October 2, and it died on October 3. This tropical storm killed no one. 

This deep depression started on October 26 and made landfall in India by October 29. The deep depression died later that day. It killed about 100 people.

Cyclonic Storm Baaz started on November 28 and cross the Bay of Bengal. It died on December 2 near India. 

Cyclonic Storm Fanoos started on December 6. It moved to the west and crossed the Bay of Bengal. Fanoos passed to the north of Sri Lanka and caused some damage. Later, Fanoos made landfall in Inda before it died on December 10.

This deep depression started on December 15. It moved around in the Bay of Bengal for a week, and it passed near Sri Lanka. The deep depression died on December 22. 

There were also five depressons. The first one started on June 21 and died on June 22. While the second started on June 27 and died on July 5, after it killed about 34 people in India. The third started on September 12 and died on September 16. Fourth, it started on September 14 and died on September 16. The last depression started on November 20 and died on that same day.
These four names got used in the 2005 North Indian Ocean cyclone season:

India Meteorological Department

The India Meteorological Department (IMD), also referred to as the Met Office, is a weather forecasting organization run by the Government of India, it also tracks and forecast tropical cyclones, similar to the National Hurricane Center. The headquarters in New Delhi, India.


Sauropodomorph

Sauropodomorpha is the suborder of dinosaurs with massive, quadrupedal herbivores with extremely long necks and tails. 

Sauropodomorpha are divided into prosauropods and sauropods. Among the sauropods were the largest land animals ever known: "Seismosaurus", "Diplodocus", "Apatosaurus" (popularly known as "Brontosaurus"), and others.

Only the modern blue whale is larger than these creatures; no land animal comes close. "Argentinosaurus", with a vertebra over 1.59 metres long, is the largest.



Marginocephalia

Marginocephalians (meaning "fringed heads") are a group of Ornithischian (bird-hipped) dinosaurs. 

They can be briefly described as "herbivores which defend themselves with armoured heads". They are in two groups: the thick-skulled Pachycephalosauria and the horned Ceratopsia. They are all herbivores. 

The Pachcephalosaurs had very thick skulls which (it is supposed) they used for defence. They developed in the mid-Jurassic, and are common in Cretaceous rocks. 

The Ceratopsia had horns, and we know they used them on predators. "Triceratops" is the key example.

Some of their features are not so obvious: They have a unique palate (part of the mouth) and a short pubis (part of the hip). 

List of WWE Tag Team Championship reigns by length

This is the title history of the WWE Raw Tag Team Championship. Before, it was called the WWE Tag Team Championship and was a SmackDown championship. That ended when it was made into one with the World Tag Team Championship of Raw in 2009 and the WWE Brand Extension ended in 2011. The brand extension was brought back in July 2016. Then, the title became a Raw championship and was renamed the Raw Tag Team Championship.


Yunnan

Yunnan (; ) is a province in southwest province of the People's Republic of China. The area of Yunnan Province is . It spans approximately 394,000 square kilometres (152,000 sq mi) and has a population of 45.7 million (2009). The capital of the province is Kunming. The province borders Vietnam, Laos and Burma.

Yunnan Province is divided into eight municipalities (地级市) and eight autonomous prefectures (自治州).

Yunnan's cultural life is one of remarkable diversity. It is famous for ethnic minority groups, Yuanmou Human archaeological findings, ancient Tea Horse Road legends, Puer teas and Yunnan Baiyao medicines.



Deluge myth

A Deluge myth or Flood myth is a mythical story about a flood. Usually this flood is sent by a deity to destroy a civilisation as a punishment. The theme can be found in many cultures. Well-known examples that are believed to be myths include the story of Noah's Ark in the Bible, the Hindu Puranic story of Manu, Deucalion in Greek mythology or Utnapishtim in the Epic of Gilgamesh.

Conservation of mass

The law of conservation of mass states that mass can neither be created nor destroyed in a chemical reaction. Thus, the amount of matter cannot change. Sir Antoine Lavoisier promoted this idea. 

This law says that when a chemical reaction rearranges atoms into a new product, the mass of the reactants (chemicals before the chemical reaction) is the same as the mass of the products (the new chemicals made). More simply, whatever you do, you will still have the same amount of stuff. 

The law is accurate for all chemical reactions. However, certain nuclear reactions (fusion and fission) can convert a small part of the mass into energy. But if this energy is turned back into mass, you will have the same amount of mass.

The principle of conservation of mass was first outlined by Mikhail Lomonosov (1711–1765) in 1748. He proved it by experiments—though this is sometimes challenged. Antoine Lavoisier (1743–1794) had expressed these ideas in 1774. Others whose ideas pre-dated the work of Lavoisier include Joseph Black (1728–1799), Henry Cavendish (1731–1810), and Jean Rey (1583–1645).

The law of conservation of mass is one of the conservation laws of physics. Each of these laws says that something is never created or destroyed.

Thomas Cromwell, 1st Earl of Essex

Thomas Cromwell, 1st Earl of Essex, KG, PC (c. 1485 – 28 July 1540) was an English statesman and lawyer. He was King Henry VIII's chief minister (like Prime Minister) from 1532 to 1540. He held many important posts, ending as Lord Chamberlain. Cromwell did not come from a rich or noble family: he rose in life by his work and merit.

Cromwell tried to modernize government, but this meant that both the nobility and the church would have less power. Because of this he was seen as an upstart. He was one of the strongest supporters of the English Reformation, the English Church's break with the papacy in Rome. Henry VIII was made the head of the Church of England by Parliament in 1534. Cromwell helped control the new Church with his two new jobs; Vicegerent for spirituals and Vicar general.

Cromwell had supported Henry VIII in disposing of Anne Boleyn and replacing her with Jane Seymour. During his years as the King's chief minister, Cromwell created many powerful enemies for himself.

His final downfall was caused by the haste with which he encouraged the king to marry Anne of Cleves. This was a marriage that Cromwell hoped would put the English Reformation back on track after the recent setback with the Six Articles. The enterprise became a disaster when King Henry told Cromwell that he had not consummated the marriage. Henry told Cromwell to get him out of the marriage by legal means, but the king was obliged to go ahead with it or risk the vital German alliance. The king's marriage to Anne of Cleves was a disaster for Cromwell. It was the opportunity that Cromwell's opponents (most notably the Duke of Norfolk) needed to press for his downfall.

Cromwell was executed at Tower Hill, near the Tower of London, on 28 July 1540, the same day that the king divorced Anne of Cleves and married Catherine Howard. After his execution, Thomas Cromwell's head was boiled and then set upon a spike on London Bridge, facing away from the City of London.

Henry came to regret Cromwell's execution. About eight months afterwards, Henry accused his ministers of bringing about Cromwell's downfall by false charges. Henry spent the rest of his life lamenting the fact that Cromwell had been executed.

Oliver Cromwell, the revolutionary leader who overthrew the British monarchy and led a short-lived republican government in the 17th century, was a descendant of Thomas Cromwell's sister, Catherine Cromwell (born circa 1482).

Photolithography

Photolithography is the combination of photography and lithography. Its uses include the mass printing of photographs. Microphototolithography is the use of photolithography to transfer geometric shapes on a photomask to the surface of a semiconductor wafer for making integrated circuits.

Photolithography makes integrated circuits such as memory and central processing units.
A special light-and-shadow pattern is shone through a photomask, onto a sheet or wafer of silicon that had been covered with a material called a photoresist. The light hardens the photoresist. When the board is dipped into a special acid, the parts that had no light on them are dissolved away. 

Memory chips have thousands or millions of identical cells. Because is much easier to make than a CPU, (a large die with a non-repetitive structure), RAM chips are far less expensive than processors.

Christian liturgy

A Christian liturgy is a set of steps or rituals done by Christians as a form of worship, done by Christian denomination. The liturgy or form of worship has changed over time, and different groups also have different prescriptions on how such a celebration should be done. The worship on a Sunday might be different from that which is done on Easter.

Anglican, Orthodox, Lutheran, or other groups, when using the words "the liturgy", normally mean a standardized order of events observed during a religious service, often including the Eucharist or Communion. Liturgy may mean an elaborate formal ceremony such as the Catholic Mass. The "open" or "waiting" worship of Quakers is an example of a non-liturgical service because there is no structured order of events.

Liturgical churches are those that use a well-defined liturgy, in which many of the words and music used follow basic patterns each time the service is conducted. The liturgy may date to the second century or earlier. Most Orthodox, Catholic, Anglican, and Lutheran churches are liturgical, most other churches to a far lesser extent. Non-liturgical churches usually follow a common worship sequence from one service to the next, with several elements common to many such services. These elements often include readings from the Bible, hymns, a sermon, offerings of money, and at certain times, Communion.



Booby prize

A Booby prize is a prize of low value or a joke prize. It is sometimes given for a terrible performance or last-place finish. Booby prizes are sometimes humorously and jokingly seen as an object of pride as being noticed for doing something special - losing or coming in last-place. A booby prize is usually awarded and received with pleasant humor and understanding, it is not seen as a sign of disgrace. 


Jerilderie

Jerilderie is a town of 768 people in the southern Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. It is the only town in the Jerilderie Shire Council Local Government Area.

It can be found along the Newell Highway south-west of Sydney and north of the Victorian state border. Jerilderie's post code is 2716.

Macropod

Macropods are marsupials belonging to the family Macropodidae. That family includes kangaroos, wallabies, tree-kangaroos, pademelons, quokkas and others. They are native to Australia, New Guinea, and their surrounding islands. Before European settlement, there were about 65 species of macropods. Six species have since become extinct. Another 11 species have been greatly reduced in numbers.

Modern macropods are herbivores. They have specialized teeth made for grinding up fibrous plants. Macropods usually have a row of broad, straight front teeth, no canines, and a gap before their large molars. 

The stomachs of the macropods contain lots of bacteria that help them to digest their food by breaking it down for them. Macropods have a certain blend of bacteria in their stomachs that lowers the amount of methane produced.

Macropods come in all different sizes. Almost all have a powerful tail and large back legs. The word 'macropod' comes from the Greek for 'large foot'. Their long legs allow macropods to move quickly, and for long distances.

Gestation lasts about one month. In larger species, it lasts a little longer. Usually a single offspring is born. It attaches itself to a teat inside the mother's pouch. The offspring is able to leave the pouch after 5-11 months. It is sexually mature at 1-3 years old, depending on the species.

Marsupials evolved about 160 million years ago during the Jurassic period. They reached Australia in the Palaeocene about 50 million years ago. The oldest macropod fossil found is about 12 million years old. 

Shengzhou

Shengzhou is a city of Zhejiang Province in China. It is a part of Shaoxing Municipality. Its population (including suburbs) is about 735 000. Yueju Opera, which is a Chinese opera popular in China, originated in Shengzhou.

Yueju Opera

Yueju Opera (),is a Chinese opera popular in China. It originated in Shengxian County(namely Shengzhou). The word "Yue" in Chinese means Zhejiang province and the regions around it. "ju" means (Chinese) opera. At present, Yueju Opera is the second most popular opera in China, after the Beijing Opera.

Harbin

Harbin, is the capital city of Heilongjiang, a northeast province of China. In recent years, Harbin is well-known worldwide for Harbin International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival, Harbin Summer Music Festival and Harbin International Beer Festival. 

From 1897 to 1902, the Russian Empire built the Chinese Eastern Railway; A concession from Imperial China allowed that; Russia's administration of this railway and the Chinese Eastern Railway Zone - was from Harbin. The settlement founded by the Russian-owned Chinese Eastern Railway, quickly turned into a boomtown, growing into a city within five years. The majority of settlers in Harbin came from southern Ukraine (in the Russian Empire).

Governing 12 districts and 10 counties, Harbin Municipality has a population of 9,873,743 and 4,754,753 of whom lives in the city proper of Harbin. 
Administrative divisions as below:



Sirach

Sirach, by Ben Sira, which is also known as Wisdom of Jesus son of Sirach, the Wisdom of Ben Sira, or Ecclesiasticus, is a work from the early second century BC, its original version being written in Hebrew. It is part of the Apocrypha or deuterocanonical books.

"All wisdom is from the Lord
and with him it remains for ever. 
The sand of the sea, the drops of rain, 
and the days of eternity- who can count them?"


Alveolus

An alveolus (plural: alveoli) is a word used in anatomy for hollow cavities, which are empty areas within a body.

Although there are many different types of alveoli in the body, the word alveoli is usually used to talk about small air sacs in the lungs of mammals. These are also called "pulmonary alveoli". These alveoli are located at the ends of the air passageways in the lungs. They have very thin (one cell thick), wet walls and are surrounded with a network of small blood vessels, or capillaries. This allows gases to diffuse, or move across, the surface of the alveolus.

When a mammal breathes in, the concentration of oxygen is higher in the alveolus than in the red blood cells. Therefore, oxygen leaves the alveolus and enters the red blood cells. When a mammal breathes out, the opposite happens. The concentration of carbon dioxide is lower in the alveolus than in the red blood cells, so carbon dioxide leaves the red blood cells, enters the alveolus, and is exhaled.

In an average human lung, there are 480 million alveoli. Their total surface area is around 75 square meters.

Inside the alveoli is where a gas exchange happens. Gas exchange is how different gases (usually two) move in opposite directions across a specialised respiratory surface. Gases are constantly required and produced as a by-product of cellular and metabolic reactions so an efficient system to exchange them is extremely important. It is linked with respiration in animals, and both respiration and photosynthesis in plants.

Parasitoid

Parasitoids are parasites whose larvae develop inside another organism's body. This usually results in the death of the host, which sets them apart from 'traditional' parasites. There are twelve superfamilies of parasitic wasps which are entirely or mainly parasitoid. The largest family are the ichneumons, with over 80,000 species. 

In parasitoids the adult stage is free-living: it finds the 'host' for the next generation. The female parasitoid places the eggs, on or in the body of a host. The host is food for their growth. 
Normal parasites use vectors as the way of getting to other hosts. 

In Hymenoptera there are many variations. The distinction between the 'parasitic' and the 'traditional' hymenoptera can run very thin. 
In Britain there are about 6500 species of Hymenoptera more than in any other insect order and just one parasitoid superfamily, the Ichneumonoidea, has nearly half of them. Most workers now recognise only two families in Ichneumonoidea. These are Ichneumonidae, with over two thousand British species, and Braconidae, with nearly 1200 representatives in Britain. They are, respectively, the largest and the second largest families of British insects. Only a beetle family, the Staphylinidae, is near the thousand mark. Ichneumonoids also include the largest parasitoids.
Hymenopteran parasitoids often have unique life cycles. In one family, the Trigonalidae, the female wasps deposit eggs into small pockets they cut into the edge of leaves with their ovipositor. A caterpillar chewing these leaves may swallow some of the eggs. When they get into the caterpillar's gut, they hatch and burrow through the gut wall and into the body cavity. Later they search the caterpillar's body cavity for other parasitoid larvae, and it is these they attack and feed on. Some trigonalids, once they are in a caterpillar or sawfly larva, need their host to fall prey to a social wasp. The wasp carries the caterpillar back to its nest, and there it is butchered and fed to the wasp's young. The young serve as host for the trigonalid, the eggs of which are in the butchered caterpillar.


Imago

In entomology, the imago is the last stage in the development of an insect. In an incomplete metamorphosis it comes after the last ecdysis. If the metamorphosis is complete, it comes after emergence from the pupa. This is the only stage where the insect is sexually mature and (if a winged species) has functional wings. The imago is often referred to as the "adult stage".

Jennifer Todd

Jennifer Todd (born in 1969 in California) is an American movie producer. She and her sister Suzanne run a production company called "Team Todd".

They have helped make movies including the three Austin Powers movies, "Boiler Room", "Prime", "Must Love Dogs", "Memento", "Across the Universe", and "The Accidental Husband".

She won the 2001 Independent Spirit Award for best movie for "Memento".

Christopher Paolini

Christopher Paolini (born November 17, 1983 in Southern California) is an American writer. He is best known as the writer of the Inheritance cycle, which has the books "Eragon", "Eldest", "Brisingr", and the fourth book Inheritance (book) . He lives in Paradise Valley, Montana.

Paolini is famous for publishing his book, "Eragon" when he was only seventeen years old. He began writing the book when he was fifteen. His second book, "Eldest", was released in 2005. His third book, "Brisingr", was released in 2008. The final book of the Inheritance Cycle, "Inheritance", was released on 8 November, 2011.

Dougie Poynter

Dougie Lee Poynter (born 30 November 1987) is a British musician. He was born in Corringham, Essex. He is the bass player and singer for British pop punk band, "McFly". The band's first single, "Five Colours In Her Hair", reached number one in the charts, as did their first album, "Room On The Third Floor". McFly were signed to Island Records before creating their own indie label, Super Records in December 2007. Poynter is the band's youngest member having joined the band at the age of 15.

Poynter won the 2011 UK series of "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!".

Ali Hassan al-Majid

Ali Hassan Abd al-Majid al-Tikritieh ( , 30 November 1941 – 25 January 2010) was an Iraqi minister. He was a member of the Baath Party. During his life, he was Defense Minister, Interior Minister, military commander and chief of the Iraqi Intelligence Service. He was also the governor of occupied Kuwait during the Gulf War.

He was a first cousin to the late President of Iraq Saddam Hussein. During the 1980s and 1990s, he became notorious for his role in the Iraqi government's campaigns against internal opposition forces, namely the ethnic Kurdish rebels of the north, and the Shia religious dissidents of the south. Repressive measures included deportations of the population and mass killings; al-Majid was dubbed "Chemical Ali" by Iraqi Kurds for his use of chemical weapons in attacks against them.

Al-Majid was captured after the 2003 invasion of Iraq and was charged with war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide. He was convicted in June 2007 and was sentenced to death for crimes committed in the al-Anfal campaign of the 1980s. His appeal against the death sentence was rejected on 4 September 2007, and was sentenced to death for the fourth time on 17 January 2010. Al-Majid was executed by hanging eight days later.

Bamba (snack)

Bamba () is an Israeli corn snack. It is a popular snack for children. 

Bamba has been made since 1963. Bamba makes up 25% of the Israeli snack market.

Bamba

Bamba may refer to:



List of ChuckleVision episodes

This is a list of "ChuckleVision" episodes. "ChuckleVision" is a popular British children's television series.

All the episodes in Series 12-13 were originally 20 minutes in length, but in 2004 the BBC cut them down to 15 minutes in length to suit their schedule. The original length 20 minute episodes are very rarely broadcast.

2003 Christmas Specials
The Series

2008 Christmas Special
All information in this article is sourced from "http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b006w487/episodes". Due to the fact that not all episodes are displayed on this website at any one time, the information in this article was also confirmed as being correct from the BBC helpline - 03700 100 222.

Car stereo

A car stereo, also known as a head unit or car radio, is an essential component of any vehicle. 
It is used to play music, make phone calls, and provide other audio services for the driver and passengers. Car stereos have many styles and sizes, with different features available depending on the model.

Car stereos are typically divided into two categories: factory-installed or aftermarket. Factory-installed car stereos come with the vehicle and are usually of limited functionality, although some manufacturers offer premium systems that provide more features than standard models. Aftermarket car stereos are installed after the original purchase and can be customized to meet the driver's needs. 

Single-DIN car stereos are the most common type of car stereo system. It refers to a standard size for radio and audio systems that measure 180 x 50 mm. They typically feature an AM/FM radio receiver and four pre-amp outputs for connecting external amplifiers and speakers.

As the name suggests, these stereo are double in size and comes with standard size
(180 mm × 100 mm or 7.09 in × 3.94 in) and offers more features than a single-DIN unit. Now a days most of the double din stereo comes with a larger display (7 to 10 inches) that allows users to easily see and navigate the menus, make selections, and access various audio sources. These units often include built-in CD/DVD players, GPS navigation systems, Bluetooth connectivity, and even hands-free calling.

Double-DIN stereos also feature advanced audio processing, such as multi-band equalization, surround sound, and digital signal processing. Additionally, they often come with DVD players or navigation systems built-in. Double DIN radios also compatible with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay.

Eudora Welty

Eudora Alice Welty (April 13, 1909 – July 23, 2001) was an award-winning American author who wrote short stories and novels about the American South. Her book, "The Optimist's Daughter", won the Pulitzer Prize in 1973 and Welty was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, among numerous awards. She was the first living author to have her works published by the Library of America. Her house in Jackson, Mississippi, is a National Historic Landmark and open to the public as a museum.
Welty worked as a publicity agent for the work progress administration. She had to travel around Mississippi for her job. In her own time, she took memorable photographs. These mostly show how different people from all economic and social classes coped with the Great Depression. Collections of her photograph were published as "One time, One place" (1971) and "Photograph" (1989). 
Very often, a photograph was the basis of one of her short stories, including "Why I live at the P.O.", which was inspired by a woman she photographed ironing in the back of a small post office.

Talisman

A talisman is an amulet or other object considered to possess supernatural or magical powers. A talisman can have protective properties, turning away harmful or evil influences. It is a very sacred object said to give protection and good luck.

It is also said that when making an talisman the person intending to use it must craft it. 

Eagle Comics

Eagle Comics was a short lived comic book company that existed to reprinting comic serials from the UK's "2000 A.D." magazine for distribution in North American. They existed from 1983 to 1986 and were based in London, England, with product production and distribution in Canada. 

The company was formed by Nick Landau to republish stories from the comics anthology, repackaged into American comic book format (in the same way his Titan Books had been reprinting them as trade paperbacks). In 1986 the license, from IPC, passed to Quality Communications.

The series they brought to American audiences included-


Patriarch Tikhon of Moscow

Saint Tikhon of Moscow was a of Moscow in the beginning of the Soviet Union. His name, before he became a saint, was "Vasily Ivanovich Bellavin"(). He was canonized by the Synod of Bishops. It is possible that the character of the elder Zosimov in the Russian novel "The Brothers Karamazov" was influenced by him.

Henry James

Henry James OM (18431916) was an Anglo-American novelist. He was one of the most important literary people of the late 19th century. James was the son of Henry James Senior, a clergyman, and the brother of William James, the psychologist and philosopher. He grew up mostly in the United States but spent the majority of his life in England. He became a British citizen in 1915. His sister, Alice James, was also a writer. 
In his novels, he wrote from the viewpoint of one of the characters. Some literary critics compared this to impressionist painting. In his own literary criticism, James insisted that writers be allowed the greatest possible freedom in how they looked at the world. He thought a text should be realistic, and its account of life be recognisable to its readers. Good novels, to James, show life in action and are interesting. 
He published fictional books, articles and books of travel, biography, autobiography, and criticism, and wrote plays, some of which were performed during his lifetime. His plays probably influenced his later novels and tales.

Velupillai Prabhakaran

Velupillai Prabhakaran (November 26 1954 — May 18 2009) was the leader of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam. He fought the Sri Lankan Civil War to make an independent state for the Tamil people in the north of Sri Lanka. Under his leadership, the Tamil Tigers became one of the most deadly guerilla groups in the world.

Prabhakaran was born in Valvettiturai, a fishing town, on the northern tip of Sri Lanka. His father worked for the government. After Ceylon became independent in 1948, life became very difficult for the small Tamil population. There were laws to limit their chance of getting to university or working for the government. In 1972, Prabhakaran started a group called the Tamil New Tigers (TNT). In July 1975 he shot dead Alfred Duryappa, the mayor of Jaffna. Duryappa was also a Tamil, but Prahbhakaran believed he had become too close to the Sri Lankan government.

Prabhakaran went to India to escape from the police. He hid in the city of Madras (now Chenai), where he turned the TNT into the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE). Each member had cyanide (poison) carried in a necklace which they could swallow if they were captured. Other rules that Prabhakaran made for the LTTE were that members could not smoke, drink alcohol or have sex. The last rule was changed when Prabhakaran married Mathivathani Erambu. The LTTE secretly set up training camps in India. Other Tamil guerilla groups were taken over or destroyed by the LTTE.

In July 1983, there were wide spread attacks against Tamils in Sri Lanka. Many Tamils left the country, and many young people went to the training camps in India. The LTTE fought against the government. They had their own navy, the Sea Tigers, and air force. In July 1987 Prabhakaran started a group called the "Black Tigers". These were a group of male and female suicide bombers. Their explosive belts have been copied by groups in Palestine, Chechnya and Iraq. India sent 100,000 peace keeping soldiers to Sri Lanka in July 1987. The Indian government and the Sri Lankan government signed an agreement, but Prabhakaran did not like it because it did not create a separate Tamil country. The Indian soldiers were soon fighting against the LTTE.

The Indian army left Sri Lanka in March 1990, having had 1200 soldiers killed. Prabhakaran became ruler of the northern part of Sri Lanka. He attacked everyone he thought was responsible for the war. In May 1991, female suicide bombers killed the former Indian Prime Minister, Rajiv Gandhi, during an election rally. Prabhakaran did not trust other people. He would only drink his own bottled water, he slept with a gun under his pillow. He thought his cousin, Mahattaya, was plotting against him. He had him and many others tortured and killed.

In 2001, the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE asked Norway to help make a ceasefire to stop the war. This lasted for four years before the fighting started again. This led to increased attacks on the LTTE by the Sri Lankan army. The LTTE were slowly forced back into a very small area. Prabhakaran and his son, Charles Anthony, were killed in the fighting, and the LTTE were defeated.

Mohs scale of mineral hardness

Mohs' scale of mineral hardness is named after Friedrich Mohs, a mineralogist. Mohs scale is ordered by hardness, determined by which minerals can scratch other minerals.

Rocks are made up of one or more minerReadals. According to the scale, Talc is the softest: it can be scratched by all other materials. Gypsum is harder: it can scratch talc but not calcite, which is even harder. The hardness of a mineral is mainly controlled by the strength of the bonding between the atoms and partly by the size of the atoms. It is a measure of the resistance of the mineral to scratching, the Mohs scale is for natural minerals. For manufactured products other measures of hardness are better.

Diamond is always at the top of the scale, being the hardest mineral. There are ten minerals in Mohs scale, talc, gypsum, calcite, fluorite, apatite, feldspar, quartz, topaz, corundum, and for last and hardest, diamond. Because the Mohs scale was made long ago, it is not exactly correct - for example, several minerals are now known to be harder than corundum (at 9 on the scale). The Mohs scale may not be perfect, but field geologists still find it very useful. 

2.5
Fingernail
2.5–3
Gold, Silver 
3
Copper penny 
4-4.5
Platinum 
4-5 Iron
5.5 Knife blade
6.5 Iron pyrite 
5.5 Glass
6.5 Hardened steel file
 

Chinglish

Chinglish is a word for English that is influenced by Chinese. It often uses Chinese grammar and vocabulary that has been translated into English. For example, "long time no see (we have not met for a long time)" is translated from Chinese "hǎojiǔbùjiàn".

The term Chinglish comes from a combination of the words "Chinese" and "English".

One car come, one car go, two car pengpeng, one car die.

One car drove towards another; both cars crashed, and one of them was destroyed.

Friedrich Mohs

Friedrich Mohs (29 January, 1773 - 29 September 1839) was a German mineralogist.

Scientist Mohs was born in Germany. He was a minerologist who studied minerals, chemistry, physics, and mathematics.

He moved to Austria in 1801 where he found a job identifying minerals in a collection that belonged to a rich banker. He used physical characteristics of the crystals to determine what they were. One of the characteristics he used to identify minerals was their hardness. 

He knew that some of the minerals could scratch others and that if a mineral could make a scratch on another, it must be harder than the mineral that was scratched. He found that all minerals could scratch the mineral talc, so it must be very soft. He also found that diamonds were so hard that no other minerals could scratch them. 

In 1812, Mohs made a scale from 1 to 10 to describe mineral hardness. He gave harder minerals larger numbers and softer minerals smaller numbers. Talc, the softest mineral, he assigned to 1, the smallest number on the scale. Diamond, the hardest mineral, he assigned to 10, the highest number on the scale.

This scale was called Mohs scale of mineral hardness, named after Friedrich Mohs.

In 1812, Mohs became professor in Graz, Austria. In 1817, Mohs replaced his mentor Werner, who had died, as a tutor at the mining academy in Freiberg, Saxony, starting in 1818. In 1826, he was appointed as a professor of Mineralogy at the University of Vienna. 

Mohs ended his remarkable career as a mining advisor at the Mining University in Leoban, Austria, and died aged 66, while holidaying in Italy.

Chelicerata

The Chelicerata are a sub-phylum of the Arthropods. The sub-phylum consists of only two classes: the Arachnids and the Merostomata.

The Merostomata are the extinct Eurypterids and the horseshoe crabs (Xiphosura). The horseshoe crabs are a small, ancient group which has survived relatively unchanged for millions of years. Groups like this are often called living fossils. The Arachnida is the huge and successful terrestrial (air-breathing) group of spiders and their relatives.

The chelicerates originated as marine animals. The first confirmed chelicerate fossils, the eurypterids, date from 445 million years ago in the late Ordovician period. Although only four marine species survive, all of them horseshoe crabs, there are over 77,000 species of air-breathing chelicerates, and there may be about 500,000 unidentified species.

The pycnogonids may or may not be Chelicerates. This is in dispute, as genetic evidence suggests they may be an ancient sister group to all other living arthropods. There are 1,300 species of these 'sea spiders'.

The life-style of chelicerates is largely carnivorous, or other kinds of heterotroph.

Cameraman

A cameraman or camera operator, is the person who takes motion pictures of the actors in a movie with a motion picture camera. They also are the people who work the cameras for television shows including news.

Wire-crested thorntail

The wire-crested thorntail ("Discosura popelairii") is a species of hummingbird. It lives in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. Their coloring is steel-blue, with white shafts, making a pretty sight when spread. The bird has a crest of bright green feathers. These birds feed on nectar from flowers using their long tongue or catch insects on the wing.

Avoidant personality disorder

Avoidant personality disorder (AvPD) is a type of personality disorder, a long-term mental illness.

People diagnosed with avoidant personality disorder are socially inhibited, meaning that they are shy and afraid of social situations. They feel that they are not good people and are afraid of people rejecting them. They are very sensitive to other people saying bad or negative things about them.

Psychiatrists and other mental health professionals diagnose people with avoidant personality disorder using a book called the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" (DSM-IV-TR). They look at a person's behaviour and how they are feeling. If the person has four or more of the following signs, the DSM-IV-TR says that they have AvPD.

The symptoms of AvPD are much more serious than ordinary shyness.

Cassiopeia (mythology)

Cassiopeia was a woman in Macedonian mythology. She was the wife of Cepheus who was king of Ethiopia. They had a daughter called Andromeda. Cassiopeia was very beautiful but also very arrogant and vain. She thought that she was better than other people. One day, Cassiopeia said that her daughter Andromeda was more beautiful than all of the Nereids. The Nereids were sea-nymphs. When the sea-god Poseidon heard what Cassiopeia had said, he was very angry. He sent floods and a sea monster called Cetus to destroy Ethiopia. Cassiopeia and her husband Cepheus asked an oracle what to do. The oracle said that they must sacrifice their daughter so they chained Andromeda to a rock. A hero named Perseus came and rescued Andromeda. Later, they got married.

Poseidon was still angry with Cassiopeia and wanted to punish her. He placed her in the sky. There is a constellation called Cassiopeia named after her.

Cassiopeia

Cassiopeia (or Kassiopeia) can mean:


Branch line

A branch line is a secondary railway line. It links to a more important route, usually a main line. A very short branch line may be called a spur line. David Blyth Hanna, the first president of the Canadian National Railway, said that although most branch lines cannot pay for themselves, they are essential to make main lines pay.

Atlantic Records

Atlantic Records (Atlantic Recording Corporation) is a major record label. It sold rhythm & blues, rock and roll, and jazz. It was founded in October 1947 by Ahmet Ertegün and Herb Abramson. Some of its groups included Cream, Led Zeppelin, Yes, and Foreigner.


Amazilia hummingbird

The amazilia hummingbird ("Amazilia amazilia") is a species of hummingbird. The loja hummingbird ("A. alticola") has less tan-brown underparts. It is sometimes thought to be a subspecies of the amazilia hummingbird.

The amazilia hummingbird lives in western Peru and Ecuador. It is mostly common, and can be seen in big cities such as Lima and Guayaquil. It likes dry, open or partly-open habitats, but also lives in forests.


Wikimedia Foundation

The Wikimedia Foundation is an American non-profit foundation. Their main headquarters is in San Francisco in the United States. The Wikimedia Foundation runs many projects using the wiki idea and the MediaWiki software. These projects include Wikipedia, Wiktionary, Wikiquote, Wikisource, Wikinews, Wikibooks, Wikiversity, Wikimedia Commons, Wikidata, Wikivoyage, and Meta-Wiki.

There are many other wikis related to the foundation, but these are mostly smaller projects. They include the Wikimedia Foundation wiki, the MediaWiki wiki, the Test Wikipedia, the Wikimedia , Bugzilla, and the Wikimania wiki.

The foundation's creation was officially announced by Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales, who was running Wikipedia within his company Bomis, on June 20, 2003.

The foundation gets most of its funds from , as it is a nonprofit. It also looks for grants. Some companies have helped Wikimedia by giving free computer hardware, and by hosting servers. Since people can write the wikis, Wikimedia projects are free to use. Funds are used to run computer servers and to pay staff. The Foundation had 700 employees in 2023.

In 2013, Sue Gardner was the executive director.

In 2015, Patricio Lorente was the Chair of the Wikimedia Foundation Board.

In 2016, Katherine Maher became the executive director.

In 2018, María Sefidari is chair of the board.

In 2022 Maryana Iskander became Chief Executive Officer, replacing Katherine Maher.

 Wikimedia has many content projects. These include:

There are other projects that help the Wikimedia movement's infrastructure and interface. They do this by making them work smoothly. These include:


The Board of Trustees in charge of all the affairs of the Foundation has ten members:


The Signpost reported that two new trustees were elected in 2019:

The Foundation also has an , an international network of experts who have agreed to give the foundation meaningful help on a regular basis in many different areas, including law, organizational development, technology, policy, and outreach.


David Chalmers

David Chalmers was born in 1966. He has lived in Australia all of his life.

Since 2004 he has been a professor of philosophy at the Australian National University.

He has challenged other philosophers to solve the "Hard Problem of consciousness". This is the problem of explaining the relationship between physical and mental states. For example, the brain has a physical way of processing information and this makes an experience, a mental state.


Australian giant cuttlefish

The Australian giant cuttlefish ("Sepia apama") is the biggest species of cuttlefish.

It grows up to in mantle length length and over pounds in weight. Australian Giant Cuttlefish live in the southern coast of Australia, from Brisbane in Queensland to Shark Bay in Western Australia. It lives in rocky reefs, seagrass beds, and sand or mud seafloor to a depth of 100 meters. Indo-Pacific bottlenose dolphins have been seen to eat them.

Panpsychism

Panpsychism is the theory that everything in the universe is somewhat sentient or conscious. They are all connected parts of the whole. 

Panpsychists believe that all matter in the universe has some degree of consciousness.In other words the substance of the universe is composed entirely of mind or consciousness. This is not to say that rocks have a mind but that the individual atoms and other particles in the rock have some sort of awareness and are aware of each other. Panpsychism is opposed to materialism or any doctrine that argues that the reality of the universe is composed solely of matter. Panpsychism needs no supernatural miracle to explain consciousness, it is consciousness. In other words we are all part of a grand communication scheme which is the glue that holds the universe together.



Plateosauridae

The Plateosaurids or Prosauropods were a group of early herbivorous dinosaurs that lived during the later Triassic and early Jurassic periods. 

They were the largest herbivores in their environment, and quickly reached (6 to 10 meters long). All prosauropods had a long neck and small head, forelimbs shorter than the hindlimbs, and a very large thumb claw for defense. They were originally thought to be the ancestors of the sauropods, but are now considered by some as a parallel lineage.


Admiral

Admiral is the highest rank in a navy. The term is used internationally by many countries. It derives originally from the Arabic word "emīr" (= commander), and came to English by way of Old French and Latin. 

Variations on the term are:

Drosera

Drosera, sometimes called Sundews, are carnivorous plants. They use a thick gluey mucilage to trap and digest their prey.The mucilage is attached to special hairs called trichomes. They are one of the most common carnivorous plants. They have at least 188 species. They are found everywhere in the world except Antarctica. Many sundews species usually live for two or more years. Others live for only one year and reproduce by seed. Some sundew species can live for 50 years.

Its scientific name is from the Greek δρόσος: "drosos" = "dew, dewdrops". Its English name is "sundew", from Latin "ros solis", meaning "dew of the sun". Both names describe the sweet-smelling, sticky mucilage (goo) that comes down the ends of tentacles on each flower stalk. This mucilage rolls down the plant, attracting sugar-loving insects day and night. The mucilage has enzymes which digests them so that the plants can get the nitrogen it needs from it. Like all plants, the sundew makes its own food, and just uses insects for nitrogen and other nutrients. The insects are used to supplement the poor mineral nutrition of the soil in which the plants grow. 

These tiny flowering plants are about tall, about as tall as an adult's hand, though some climbing sundews can be much taller. One species of sundew, the "Drosera erythrogyne", grows up to . Sundew roots are not very strong. They are usually simply for taking in water and keeping the sundew firmly planted to the ground.

A fly, butterfly, or other nectar-loving insect will find the sweet smell of the mucilage that oozes from the plant. Landing on the colorful tip, the insect will immediately be stuck. The plant has cells that make more mucilage in the place where the insect is. The gooey mucilage will completely surround the insect. Then, the sundew plant wraps its outside tentacles around the insect, absorbing its nutrients. It curls its tentacles around the insect quite quickly: in some species this takes only a few seconds. Some species, like "Drosera glanduligera" can curl its tentacles towards its prey in less than a second. Many sundews can bend parts of themselves so that the prey will be as sticky as possible. One species, "Drosera capensis", actually wraps its leaf around the prey in 30 minutes, as seen in the picture on the right. The prey usually dies in about 15 minutes. The sundew will then absorb the entire insect except the outside exoskeleton. When the plant has finished eating, it opens up its tentacles and drops what's left of the insect to the ground.

Sundews have also been used in herbal medicine for a long time. Today they are still used to stop coughs, asthma, and lung infections.

Because they are carnivorous (eat living things), and because of the beauty of the dew-like mucilage on their tentacles, sundews are also popular as ornamental plants. However, they can be quite hard to grow: they need lots of water (their soil usually has to keep on being very wet), and this water has to be pure (without minerals inside it), because this can stop them from growing or even kill them.

Parts of sundews were also eaten by Australian Aborigines.


Bee hummingbird

The Bee hummingbird or Zunzuncito ("Mellisuga helenae") is a species of hummingbird. It lives in Cuba's Isla de la Juventud. It is the smallest bird in the world with an average length of only 5-6 cm.

A newly hatched bee hummingbird chick may weigh about a fingernail clipping. Its weight is less than a tenth of an ounce (2 g). Because of this, it is the smallest living bird as well as the smallest theropod dinosaur on record. Females grow to up to long, weighing around . Male bee hummingbirds grow to be long, weighing around .

Male hummingbirds have a red throat and head, with long neck feathers. They have a light underside, spotted blue wing tips and black tipped tail feathers. The rest of the feathers are blue or green. Females have green parts and white tips to the tail feathers. After mating season, the birds become dull and gray in color.

When flying, bee hummingbirds beat 80 times a second. During courtship flight, they beat up to 200 times per second.

When they are hatched, they are blind and nearly naked. The mother feeds the hatchlings by regurgitating for 20-40 days while she stays over the nest. Only after their wing feathers are grown will the hatchlings leave the nest (around 23 days after hatching).

Blue-capped hummingbird

The blue-capped hummingbird or Oaxaca hummingbird ("Eupherusa cyanophrys") is a species of hummingbird. It is endemic to subtropical moist forest in the southernmost part of the Sierra Madre del Sur in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. Its tiny range is threatened by habitat loss.

Like the White-tailed hummingbird, it is sometimes thought to be a subspecies of the more common Stripe-tailed hummingbird.


Cwmbran

Cwmbran is a town just outside of Newport. In 2001, about 47,254 people lived there. It has the second biggest undercover shopping center in Wales. Cwmbrân was created under the New Town Act of 1946 to house employees of the nearby steelworks. It has different industries, including the production of car parts, nylon yarn, and cookies.

Raje

Raje Maratha Caste Title () is the honorary title for a king or nobleman (i.e. "your Majesty") in India. In India, south Indian states were ruled by the royal Indian Maratha dynasty. The rulers were addressed by the people as "Raje".

Some clans of the Maratha Caste King put the name Raje before their original clan name. Examples of these include RajeBhosale, RajeShirke, RajeMahadik, RajeNimbalkar and RajeMane.

In states like Rajasthan, Rajput community chiefs are known by the titles that include Maharawal, Rana and Maharana. These mean the same thing as Raje or Maharaja.


Flag of Colorado

The Flag of the State of Colorado has three horizontal stripes of the same width; the top and bottom stripes are blue, and the middle stripe white. On top of these stripes sits a circular red "C", filled with a golden disk. The blue is meant to represent the skies, the gold stands for the sunshine enjoyed by the state, the white represents the snowcapped mountains and the red represents the earth.

The flag was thought up by Andrew Carlisle Johnson in 1911 and adopted by the state's General Assembly on June 5 of the same year. 

However, the legislature did not specify the size of the "C" or the exact shade of blue or red. Because of this, some flags were in slightly different colors and had the "C" wholly within the center stripe. On February 28, 1929, the General Assembly added to the statement that the flag would be the same color blue and red as the flag of the United States. On March 31, 1964, the legislature further dictated the diameter of the gold disc to be equal to the center stripe.

Amethyst woodstar

The amethyst woodstar ("Calliphlox amethystina") is a species of hummingbird. Tiny, short-billed hummingbird of forests, forest edges, and savanna woodlands. Both sexes are green on the back with a white band across the rump. The males have a pink throat and a forked tail. Females have a white throat, a short tail, and cinnamon flanks and undertail. 

It is found in most of central, and eastern South America, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname (the Guianas), Paraguay, Peru, and Venezuela. The bird's range surrounds the "Amazon countries" into the Andes foothills and higher heights of upstream river systems, but is not along the Amazon River proper in the central Amazon Basin, or the central upper Basin; it is in Brazil at the river's outlet, and upstream for about 500 km.

The amethyst woodstar's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montanes.

The amethyst woodstar was named after the amethyst crystal

Harbor seal

The harbor seal ("Phoca vitulina"), also called the common seal, is a true seal. They are found in coastal waters of the northern Atlantic and Pacific ocean as well as Baltic and North Seas making them the most wide-ranging of the pinnipeds (walruses, eared seals, and true seals).

The females live longer than the males and females usually live to be 30 to 35, while males usually live up to 20 or 25 years old.

Merit badge

A Merit badge is an award earned by youth members of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA), based on things within an area of study by finishing a list of periodically updated requirements. The purpose of the merit badge program is to allow Scouts to find subjects to figure out if they would like to further pursue them as a career or . At first, the program also exposed Scouts to the life skills of contacting an Merit Badge Counselor they had not met before, arranging a meeting and then showing the Merit Badge Counselor their skills, kind of like to a job or college interview.

Merit badges are an important part of earning the high ranks in Scouting (Star, Life, and Eagle). Eagle requires earning 21 merit badges, including 12 in specific areas such as camping, first aid, and citizenship; Life requires eleven and Star six.

At first, there were fifty-seven merit badges; today, there are 122.

Merit badges are also used as ways to move up in Scouting in other countries, such as Ireland.

The following is a list of Boy Scout merit badges. Merit badge that are required for Eagle are in "italics"





Blue-throated hummingbird

The blue-throated hummingbird, ("Lampornis clemenciae"), is a species of hummingbird. It is a good sized hummingbird, 11.5 to 12.5 cm (4½ to 5 inches) in length and 6 to 10 grams in weight. 

The blue-throated hummingbird is darkish green on the top of its body, blending to medium gray on its belly. It has a bright white stripe behind its eye and a narrower stripe reaching backward from the corner of its bill, bordering a blackish cheek patch. Its tail feathers are iridescent blue-black with broad white tips on the outer two to three pairs. 

The species gets its name from the adult male's iridescent blue throat patch (gorget). The female does not have this. Instead it has a plain grey throat. Males sing two types of songs: a simple "peep song", which sounds like a squeaky wheel, and a quiet but hard "whisper song". The female is also thought to sing during the breeding season to attract males.

Elephant seal

The Elephant Seal is a huge seal of the genus Mirounga. There are two species, one in each hemisphere. The southern elephant seal, is found in Antarctic waters, while the northern elephant seal lives on islands of California and Mexico. The elephant seal is the largest amphibious animal. The bulls have a huge proboscis, and may weigh , and in length at maturity although old males can approach long and weigh in rare cases.

Outside the breeding season, elephant seals come ashore only to shed their skin, a process known as "moulting". In late summer, hundreds of seal gather on beaches and wallow in muddy pools of water. They lie close to gather while they gradually shed patches of hair and skin. Eventually, the old skin replaced by a new coat of sleek fur, and the seal return to water.

Mating is preceded by fights between males, who throw their huge bulk against each other. Winners get to mate with females.

Elephant seals dive to beneath the ocean's surface: the deepest recorded dive of an Elephant seal is . The average length of their dives is around 20 min for females and 60 min (1 hour) for males, as they search for their favorite food. Their diet includes skates, rays, squid, octopus, eels, penguin (Southerns only), and small sharks. Their stomachs also often contain gastroliths (stomach stones).

They are surprisingly good on land, faster than humans when moving over sand dunes.

James Thomas Humberstone

James Thomas Humberstone (July 8, 1850 - June 12, 1939) was an English chemical engineer. In 1872, he founded the Peru Nitrate Company in the Tarapacá Province of Peru (now part of the Tarapacá Region of Chile). He introduced the Schanks System and other innovations to the industry.

Humberstone was born in Dover, England. His grandfather had been director of the band of the Scottish Guard. His father worked in a post office. 

His family moved to London when he was young. Humberstone worked for the London and North Western railway when he was 17. While he worked there, he learned about mechanics and chemistry. Later, he joined the Royal School of Mines in London. He was a very good student.

When he was 25, he was hired by The Tarapaca Nitrate Company and moved to South America. Humberstone arrived at the Peruvian port of Pisagua on January 6, 1875, where he commenced working as a chemist and engineer.

In 1878 he implemented the Shanks system to make sodium carbonate. He also made other changes such as the transfer of waste water to avoid losing the materials in the gravel. 

In 1879 the Chilean army landed in Pisagua, and consequently, many office workers went to the Pampa for safety. Humberstone, his wife, his mother and his two daughters went with them.
When they got to Tarapaca, the governor said they should go to Arica because the military was coming. They crossed the desert because they did not want to be near the coast. It took them twenty days to get get to Arica . When the war ended, and Tarapaca became part of Chile , Humberstone continued working in the Agua Santa office. 

In 1936, King George VI made him a member of the Order of the British Empire. Humberstone died in Iquique on June 12, 1939 and is buried in the British Cemetery, Tiliviche, Chile.

Brown inca

The brown inca ("Coeligena wilsoni"), is a species of hummingbird. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador. Unlike most hummingbirds, the brown inca are not brightly colored. Instead they are plain brown with a white patch on the shoulder and an iridescent purple throat if seen in the best light.


Nairobi National Park

Nairobi National Park is the smallest park in Kenya.

The park has lots of different kinds of animals.

The park has a lot of educational programmes for teaching visitors about the different species of animals, their habitats and their diet.

The park has an area called the Orphanage where orphaned and abandoned animals are looked after.

Selena

Selena Quintanilla-Perez (April 16, 1971 – March 31, 1995), known mononymously as Selena, was an American singer and songwriter. She was named the "Queen of Tejano music" and was also known as the "Mexican Madonna". She was born as the youngest child of a Mexican-American father. She released her first LP record at the age of 12 with her band Selena y Los Dinos. At the 1987 Tejano Music Awards, she won the Female Vocalist of the Year award. She won this award eight times in a row. Selena signed a record agreement with EMI Latin in 1989. She released five Spanish a languages albums with them, each having chart and sales success.

"Como La Flor" became one of her signature songs after it got to number six on the US "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart in 1992. The next year, "Selena Live!" won a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/American Album. In 1994, "Amor Prohibido" was released and five of the singles became number one hits. Selena became the first Hispanic singer to do this. The album became the fastest-selling Latin album of all time. "Amor Prohibido" and the song of the same name were nominated for a Grammy Award. In late 1994, Charles Koppelman, the chairman of EMI Latin, believed that Selena was ready to release a cross over album. Selena would then begin recording songs in English instead of Spanish, which would expand her career.

On March 31, 1995, Selena was murdered by Yolanda Saldívar, a friend and former manager of her Selena Etc. clothing stores. Selena's death affected people in Hispanic communities. Many as other memorials from fans. Two weeks later, Governor of Texas at the time, George W. Bush, made April 16 "Selena Day" in Texas. Her crossover album "Dreaming of You", which was not finished, was released on July 18, 1995. In 1997, Warner Bros. released a movie about her life. Puerto Rican singer and actress Jennifer Lopez played the role of "Selena" in the movie. The role Jennifer Lopez become famously as role "Selena the movie in 1997".

In 2005, a tribute concert called "Selena ¡VIVE!" premiered on Univision. The show had the highest ratings in the channel's history. It was also the most-watched Spanish-language show in the history of American television. It was watched by more than 37 million people in the United States. In 2006, a Selena museum was built in Q-Productions. Mirador de la Flor, a bronze life-sized statue, was created in memory of Selena. These memorials are in Corpus Christi, Texas. The statue is visited by hundreds of fans every week. As of 2012, Selena has sold over 60 million albums worldwide.

Selena Quintanilla was born on April 16, 1971 in Lake Jackson, Texas. Her mother, Marcella Ofelia Samora, is half Mexican American and half Cherokee Native American, while her father, Abraham Quintanilla Jr, is Mexican-American. Selena was raised as a Jehovah's Witness.

Abraham was a musician, but he abandoned his musical ambitions to support his family. Selena began singing along with Abraham's guitar picking.

Abraham organized his children into a band called "Selena y Los Dinos" ("Selena and The Boys"). 'Dinos' is a Spanish slang word.

In 1982, Abrahm opened a Mexican restaurant called "PapaGayos" (). However, the restaurant closed because of the recession of 1982. The family declared bankruptcy, and were evicted (forced to move from their home). They settled in Corpus Christi, Texas. Abraham asked people in town to hire Selena y Los Dinos. They needed money and played wherever they could get a gig. They performed at street corners, weddings, quinceañeras and fairs.

In 1984, Selena recorded her first LP record for Freddie Records. Selena learned Spanish by listening to others speak. The album was not sold in stores. Freddie Records did not believe a female singer could sell a record. Her father bought all of the original copies.

Selena was bullied in school by other girls. When Selena was in the eighth grade, her father took her out of school. Her performance schedule was getting bigger. Which was too hard for Selena to stay in public school. She completed and mailed homework on her tour bus. When she was 17, she earned a high school diploma from The American School of Correspondence in Chicago. She was also accepted at Louisiana State University.

In 1985, Selena recorded her second LP record, "The New Girl in Town"; The album was not sold in stores because of copyright problems. Selena became a music guest on the "Johnny Canales Show". She sang "Oh Mama" from her second LP. In 1986, she released "Alpha". The album became her first LP to be released successfully. It helped her to be discovered by Rick Trevi, the founder for the Tejano Music Awards. Selena won the Female Vocalist of the Year award in 1987. She won every year for eight years after that. She also released two more LPs: "And the Winner Is..." and "Muñequito de Trapo".

In 1989, Selena signed a record agreement with EMI Latin. She became the first artist to sign with them. She also made Tejano music popular among younger people. Jose Behar said that he signed Selena because he thought he found the next Gloria Estefan. In the same year, Coca-Cola wanted Selena to become one of their spokespeople in Texas. Behar and Stephen Finfer asked EMI to begin Selena's cross over album. However, EMI did not want to start the crossover, while telling Selena that she needed a bigger fan base. She released her first album that same year. The lead single "Contigo Quiero Estar" got to number eight on the US "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart in 1989.

In the same year, Chris Pérez, who was a rock guitarist, was asked to join Selena y Los Dinos. Abraham did not like Pérez because of his image and believed he would be a bad influence on his children. Selena's brother tried to tell Abraham that Pérez would change. Abraham agreed, because they were missing a guitarist. In 1990, Selena released "Ven Conmigo". The album became the first album by a Tejano singer to reach gold status. Around this time, Pérez and Selena fell in love with each other. Abraham was angry about this and fired Pérez from the band. Selena was warned never to see him again by her father. The two eloped on April 2, 1992. Abraham accepted the relationship and Pérez into the family. He later said that he felt guilty. He said this because he thought that it was his behavior that Selena and Pérez eloped.

A registered nurse and fan named Yolanda Saldívar asked Selena's father to start a fan club in San Antonio, Texas. Saldívar had the idea after she had attended one of Selena's concerts. Abraham approved Saldívar's request. Abraham believed the fan club would bring in new fans. Saldívar soon became a close friend to Selena and the family. She was trusted and became the president of the fan club. In 1992, Selena released "Entre a Mi Mundo". The song "Como La Flor" became Selena's signature song. The album and the single helped her to tour in Mexico. Selena recorded a duet with Salvadoran singer Alvaro Torres called "Buenos Amigos" in 1991. The song got to number one on the Hot Latin Tracks. This became Selena's first number one song. Because of this, Selena was asked to perform "Buenos Amigos" in El Salvador.

In 1993, Selena released "Selena Live!". The album won a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/American Album. Around this time, Selena opened two clothing stores called Selena Etc. She hired Saldívar as the manager. "Hispanic Business" magazine wrote that Selena earned $5 million from her clothing stores. Selena also acted in a Spanish soap opera called "Dos Mujeres, Un Camino" in 1993. When her episode premiered, it had a record rating. In December 1993, Selena was signed with SBK Records to begin her cross over album. However, recording would not begin until late-1994.

In 1994, Selena released "Amor Prohibido". The album became the best-selling Latin album of all time. Five singles from the album reached number one on the Hot Latin Tracks chart. Selena was the first Hispanic artist to do this. The album was certified double platinum by the end of the year. She also won awards from Premio Lo Nuestro including Best Latin Artist and Song of the Year. Selena recorded a duet with the Barrio Boyzz called "Donde Quiera Que Estes". The song got to number one on the Hot Latin Tracks. This allowed Selena to tour in New York City, Argentina, Puerto Rico and Central America, where she was not well known. The album and the single of the same name were nominated for a Grammy Award. "Amor Prohibido" and "No Me Queda Mas" became the most successful singles of 1994 and 1995 on the Hot Latin Track charts, according to "Billboard" and Nielson SoundScan. She was then called the "Queen of Tejano music".

In late 1994, EMI chairman Charles Koppelman felt that Selena had succeeded her goals in the Spanish market. He wanted to release a cross over album with Selena. Grammy Award-winning composers began writing songs for her to record. Her goal was to become a pop icon like Donna Summer, Paula Abdul, Madonna and Mariah Carey. Selena continued on her Amor Prohibido Tour while EMI Latin prepared the album. In 1995, Selena made a cameo appearance in "Don Juan DeMarco", which starred Marlon Brando, Johnny Depp and Faye Dunaway. In February 1995, Selena performed at the Houston Astrodome. She performed for a record-breaking audience of over 60,000 fans. This was more than country singers such as George Strait, Vince Gill, Clint Black and Reba McEntire. Meanwhile, she was planning to open two more clothing stores. One was scheduled to be opened in Monterrey, Mexico.

Selena visited local schools to talk to students about the importance of education. She spent her free time helping her community. She also worked with D.A.R.E.. She planned a fundraising concert to help AIDS patients. Selena also helped victims in Florida after Hurricane Andrew made landfall there in 1992.

According to the A&E television series "Biography", Selena's fans were minorities in the world. She encouraged them to be the best they can be. Her biggest fear was that no one would come watch her perform. At her peak, she continued to ask her father if anybody had showed up.

Selena was called the "Mexican Madonna", but unlike Madonna, Selena valued family and never cursed. She also was known for her "sexy stage costumes" that she wore while performing. Her friends and family called her a daredevil.

Saldívar was an employee and manager for Selena's clothing stores and fan club. Saldívar was stealing money from these businesses and was eventually caught. Selena did not believe that her best friend could do something like that. She tried to maintain their friendship, but by March 1995, it began to get worse. Selena and her husband Pérez visited Saldívar on March 30, 1995 to get the documents that she had stolen. Saldívar did not give Selena all the documents. On the morning of March 31, 1995, Selena met up with Saldívar to collect paperwork and missing documents for tax preparations. At the hotel, Selena demanded that Saldívar give her the missing financial papers. Saldívar then claimed that she was raped in Mexico. Selena took her to a local hospital where doctors found that Saldívar was lying. This made Selena very upset. She decided to end her friendship with Saldívar. When they returned to the hotel, they began arguing.

Saldívar wanted to punish Selena for ending their friendship. Saldívar took a gun from her purse. She pointed it at Selena and pulled the trigger, shooting Selena in the back. Selena ran to the hotel lobby begging for help. She was seen holding her chest screaming repeatedly, "Help me!, I've been shot!". Saldívar chased her and called her a "bitch". Selena fell to the floor and named Saldívar as the shooter. By the time Selena arrived at a local hospital, she was pronounced dead. She was two weeks away from her 24th birthday and three days from her third wedding anniversary with Pérez. Saldívar went to her pickup truck and threatened to commit suicide. The SWAT and the FBI Crisis Negotiation Unit were called. She surrendered after nine hours.

Saldívar pleaded not guilty. She said what she did to Selena was accidental. She said that she meant to shoot herself, not Selena. But prosecutor Carlos Valdez pointed out that Saldivar, a former nurse, did not call 911 or attempt to help Selena after she was shot. The jury sentenced Saldívar to life imprisonment. She has the right for parole in 2025. Reactions to Selena's death were compared to reactions to Elvis Presley and John Lennon's deaths. George W. Bush, Governor of Texas at the time, declared April 16 as "Selena Day" in Texas. Selena's death was called "Black Friday" in Texas. Most White Texans were offended that Selena Day would be celebrated on Easter. Many of them also wrote to the "Brazosport Facts" that "Easter is "more" important than Selena Day". Mexican Americans in Texas wrote negative replies to the comments that were made. One Mexican American wrote that some comments made were "rude". Radio host Howard Stern mocked Selena's funeral and death. Many fans disapproved of such actions and held public boycotts.

In 1997, Warner Bros. released a movie about Selena's life. Jennifer Lopez played Selena. The role helped Lopez become famous. Music critic David Bauder believed that if Selena were alive, she would have broken the record sales of Madonna, Gloria Estefan, Paula Abdul and Whitney Houston. By 1996, Selena held the record for more wins at the Latin Music Awards than any other artist. In 2006, a Selena museum was built in Q-Productions. Mirador de la Flor, a bronze life-sized statue, was created in memory of Selena. These memorials are in Corpus Christi, Texas.

The Guinness Book of World Records named Selena as the "most dominating artist". Selena also became the first Hispanic singer to have an album sung mostly in Spanish to reach number one. She also became the first female to place five albums at the same time on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The only other artists to have done this were Elvis Presley, The Beatles and Garth Brooks. "Billboard" wrote that the release of "Dreaming of You" was "a historic day in Latin music history". The album helped Selena to become the second-fastest selling female artist that year, behind Janet Jackson. "Dreaming of You" became the second-highest debut that year, behind Michael Jackson.

"People" magazine released a tribute issue for Selena. It sold one million copies in one day. This was the only issue to have been sold out in stores across the United States. The company released three more runs, and all sold out in two weeks. This made the company to release "People En Espanol". A musical called "Selena Forever", starring Veronica Vasquez as "Selena", opened in Los Angeles. The American Bank Center in Corpus Christi renamed its 2,526-seat "Bayfront Auditorium" to "Selena Auditorium".
A tribute concert, "Selena ¡VIVE!", premiered on Univision on April 7, 2005. The concert marked the 10th anniversary of Selena's murder. The show included other Latin artists performing covers of Selena's songs. The show was the highest rated and most-watched Spanish-language show in American television history. The show had about 37 million viewers, more than the number of viewers of that night's episode of "American Idol". The show had the highest ratings in Los Angeles, Chicago, San Francisco and New York City.

Selena's fan base continues to stay strong. Selena is considered one of the most widely known Mexican-American artists and the most popular Latin artist in the United States. Documentaries are shown on Spanish-language television annually marking Selena's death anniversary. "Billboard" named Selena the "Best Selling Latin Artist of the [1990's] Decade" and "Top Latin Artist of the 90's". As of 2012, Selena has sold over 60 million albums worldwide.

Selena was also honoured in a collaboration with cosmetics company MAC, who worked with her sister Suzette to create 14 products, including lipstick and gloss, mascara, eyeliner, eyeshadow, and a compact. “I am so excited that M.A.C Cosmetics will be releasing a collection in honor of my sister Selena," her sister Suzette says, “Helping to create this collection brings me back to all those late-night conversations on our tour bus when she spoke of having her own makeup line one day. If Selena were here she would be beyond ecstatic to have this happening. History is being made.” 




Salomon Wininger

Salomon Wininger (13 December 1877, Gura Humora, Bukovina – December 1968, in Ramat Gan, Israel) was an Austrian-Jewish biographer.

Before World War I, Wininger lived in Chernivtsi and moved to Vienna during the war years, where he decided to write biographies of famous Jewish persons. This idea was pushed in order to counter the self-hating mood of Jewish youth in the city, created under the influence of Otto Weininger's works.

After his return to Chernivtsi in 1921, Shlomo Wininger wrote about 13,000 biographies and published them in seven volumes between 1925 and 1936. He survived the time of World War II in Chernivtsi and emigrated in 1951 to Israel.

Wininger is considered as one of the greatest Jewish biographers of all time.



Indo-Canadians

Indo-Canadians are Canadians whose family can trace back to India. The names "East Indian" and "South Asian" are used for people who originate from India, to tell them apart from the First Nations peoples of Canada who are often called Indian, and from the people of the Caribbean, who are sometimes called West Indian. Most Indo-Canadians call themselves "Indian", instead of "East Indian". This is because Christopher Columbus thought the Americas were India, and that Native Americans were Indian.

Most Indo-Canadians come from India, but some come from the Caribbean, South America, Africa, and the Middle East. They usually live in cities like Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Calgary, and Vancouver. They are one of the fastest growing races in Canada, because of immigration.

Branko Mikasinovich

Branko Mikasinovich (born November 6, 1938) is one of the foremost scholars of Yugoslav and Serbian literature and a noted Slavist. He has edited "Introduction to Yugoslav Literature" (Twayne, 1973), the most representative anthology of modern Yugoslav prose and poetry in English; "Five Modern Yugoslav Plays" (Cyrco Press, 1977), a unique collection of plays written between 1945 and 1980; "Modern Yugoslav Satire" (Cross-Cultural Communications, 1979). which was selected for "Best Titles of 1979" by Library Journal, and included in the Puschart Prize V: The Best of the Small Presses; "Yugoslav Fantastic Prose" (Proex, 1991), the first anthology of Yugoslav supernatural tales in English, and "Yugoslavia: Crisis and Disintegration" (Plyroma Publishing Co., 1994).

He received his B.A. from Roosevelt University in Chicago (1965), M.A. from Northwestern University, Evanston, IL. (1967), and Ph.D from the University of Belgrade (1984). He has taught Russian language and Slavic Literature at Tulane University and the University of New Orleans, and was president of the Louisiana Association of Professors of Slavic and Eastern European languages. He has appeared as a panelist on Yugoslav press on ABC's "Press International" in Chicago and PBS's "International Dateline" in New Orleans. He also appears on "Voice of America" Serbian Service television program, "Open Studio."

Baron Mihailo Mikasinovich, who was instrumental in opening Serbian schools in Krajina in the 18th century, Stefan Mikasinovich, a teacher of Dositej Obradovic, a prime mover of the Serbian cultural rebirth in the period of Enlightenment, and his father Sava Mikasinovich inspired, to a large extent, the author's scholarly activities.

Longuemare's sunangel

Longuemare's sunangel ("Heliangelus clarisse") is a species of hummingbird. It can be found in Venezuela and northeastern Colombia. It is closely related to the Amethyst-throated Sunangel. The Longuemare's Sunangel is 9.4 cm (3.7 inches) long (not with the bill) and normally weighs 5.3 grams. The bill is short for a hummingbird, 1.8 cm or 0.7 in long. The overall coloring is of dark colors.

Horned sungem

The horned sungem ("Heliactin bilophus") is a species of hummingbird. It can make 90 wingbeats per second when it's hovering to drink nectar from flowers. A wingbeat is one complete up-and-down movement, which means that the horned sungem moves its wing muscles at a rate of more than 10,000 times per minute. It lives in Bolivia, Brazil, and Suriname. It likes mostly dry open or semi-open habitats, such as savanna and Cerrado. It does not like thick humid forest.

Shillong

Shillong (Khasi: Shillong, Hindi: शिलांग) is a city in India. Shillong is the capital of Meghalaya. The East Khasi Hills district is in Shillong. In 2001, the city had a population of 260,520. Shillong is a major place in north-east India for education, because it has many schools and universities.

As of the 2001 India census, Shillong had a population of 232,946. Males and females are both 50% of the population. About 80% of people in Shillong can read, which is higher than the national average of 59.5%. 83% of males can read, and 78% of women can read. In Shillong, 11% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Khasis make up most of the population. However, the percentage of Khasi people is decreasing because many other people are moving there. People of all the other northeast Indian tribes live in Shillong. Many Bengali, Nepali, Assamese, Biharis and Marwaris also live there.

Christianity is the main religion in the city. Protestants make up 75% of the Christian population of Shillong and Catholics make up the remaining 25%. A lot of people in Shillong follow the original Khasi religion. There are also many other religions in the city.


Gestalt therapy

Gestalt therapy is a form of psychotherapy. It is a way of treating people who feel ill at ease. It is based on the idea that it is best to experience what we feel "here and now" and not keep thinking about the past or worry about the future. The goal is to help clients become aware of his or her thoughts, behaviours, experiences, and feelings and to "own" or take responsibility for them. 

It forms part of what is called humanistic psychology and was co-founded by Fritz Perls, Laura Perls and Paul Goodman in the 1940s-1950s. 

At the center of Gestalt therapy is the idea of "awareness" (knowing). The person being helped is encouraged to know his or her own feelings and behaviour, and the effect they have upon the world around them. 

With Gestalt therapy, the patient is helped to see that they are trying to avoid feeling emotions from the present. Once the patient realizes this, he or she can begin to get better.


Weak entity

A weak entity is part of an Entity-relationship model (ER model) diagram that relies on other entities (Strong "Entities"). Without the strong entity, the weak entity wouldn't exist.

Plovercrest

The plovercrest ("Stephanoxis lalandi") is a species of hummingbird. It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. 

Its habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and degraded former forest. The Plovercrest has a blue chest, green back and white flanks.


Special education

Some children are disabled, or they have learning difficulties. Special education is about teaching these children. Some of them can be educated with other children of the same age who are not disabled. Others must go to special schools. If the disability is too bad they can not get an education. Students who have emotional problems and act poorly are sometimes expelled from school. Inclusive education is a firmed by the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities to reduce such exclusion.

Special needs include speech or hearing difficulties, emotional and behavioral disorders, physical disabilities, and developmental disorders. Students with these special needs often get more educational services. This may mean different approaches to teaching, access to a resource room and use of technology.

Some students are very smart. These students are called gifted. They also have certain needs so they can succeed. These students do better with special teaching styles or different educational programs. The word 'special education' is used for students whose special needs stop them from learning the way normal people learn. Gifted education is handled separately.

Schools provide special education services to special students. 









Most schools around the world use inclusion, which means children with special needs, need to earn their right to be in the regular classroom. Sometimes schools may use full inclusion for certain students such as those with mental retardation. In that case, this is where social tolerance is afforded rather than if these students actually do earn their right to be in regular classroom. Sometimes mainstreaming is used, this is when children with special needs are in regular classroom settings as much as possible and put in special classes for the rest of the day. Social integration is used for students with special needs who are in a resource room or other special class for the rest of the time.


Olive-spotted hummingbird

The olive-spotted hummingbird ("Leucippus chlorocercus") is a species of hummingbird. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.


William A. Shine Great Neck South High School

William A. Shine Great Neck South High School, also called Great Neck South, is a high school in New York. It is known for its high academic achievement. The school is located in Lake Success. However it is officially listed in Great Neck. It is part of the Great Neck Union Free School District. It teaches students from grade 9 to grade 12.


Grade retention

Grade retention is when a student repeats a grade i.e. first grade, second grade, etc. Some students have disabilities and must repeat a grade due to the problem for not meeting their needs in the first place. Either way, grade retention can be emotionally damaging on a student's self-esteem.


Eleventh grade

Eleventh grade (called Grade 11 in some places, also known as junior year in the United States and Australia) is the second to last year of secondary education in the United States, as well as many other nations. Students are usually 16 when they start and are 17 years old at the end.
The eleventh grade, also known as junior year, is a pivotal time in a student's educational journey. As the third year of high school in most countries, it serves as a transition period between the foundational years of earlier education and the final year of high school. In this article, we will explore the eleventh grade in various educational systems around the world, highlighting the unique aspects and expectations of this crucial year.

In Australia, Year 11 marks the twelfth year of education and the penultimate year of high school. Students in Year 11 are typically aged around fifteen, sixteen, or seventeen. While there are slight variations between states, Queensland stands out as the only state where Year 11 students enter at the age of fifteen. New South Wales, on the other hand, has a shorter duration for Year 11, lasting only three terms before transitioning to Year 12, the final year of high school.

In Bangladesh, students enter the 11th grade after successfully passing the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examinations. The 11th and 12th grade education is offered in colleges, where students must choose one of three streams: science, humanities, or business studies. This choice of stream determines the subjects they will study and the future academic path they can pursue.

In Belgium, the 11th grade is referred to as "5e secondaire" in the French-speaking part, "5de middelbaar" in the Dutch-speaking part, and "5te sekundare" in the German-speaking part. The educational system in Belgium offers three streams at this stage, allowing students to specialize in different subjects based on their interests and career aspirations.

In Brazil, the eleventh grade is known as the "segundo ano do ensino médio," which translates to the second year of high school. Students in this grade are usually around 16 years old. The curriculum focuses on a wide range of subjects, providing a comprehensive education before students move on to higher education or vocational training.

In Bulgaria, the 11th grade serves as the penultimate year of gymnasium, the high-school stage of education. Students in this grade are typically 17-18 years old. The curriculum emphasizes academic subjects, preparing students for university entrance exams and future academic pursuits.

In most provinces and territories in Canada, Grade 11 is followed by Grade 12, which is the final year of high school. However, Quebec follows a unique educational system where Grade 11 (sec. 5) marks the end of secondary education. After Grade 11, students in Quebec transition to CEGEP (college), a pre-university level program specific to the province.

In Colombia, the 11th grade is a significant year for students as they are required to participate in an internship known as "alphabetisation." This internship often involves community service, such as teaching in schools, assisting in hospitals, or working in libraries. Additionally, students in the 11th grade must take the ICFES National Test and may also have to fulfill military draft requirements.

In Finland, high school typically spans three years, with the 11th grade marking the second year. Finnish students have a reputation for performing well academically, and this year serves as a stepping stone toward their matriculation exams, which determine their eligibility for further education.

In France, the equivalent of the eleventh grade is known as "Premiere," which translates to "first" in English. It is the penultimate year of secondary education, followed by "Terminale," the final year. Students in Premiere choose specific subjects based on their intended areas of study and future career paths.

In Greece, the eleventh grade is referred to as the second year of "lyceum" school or high school. While attendance is not compulsory, it is the penultimate year of secondary education. Students have the opportunity to delve deeper into their chosen subjects, preparing them for the final year and subsequent higher education or vocational training.

In Hong Kong, the eleventh grade is known as Form 5. It is a crucial year for students as they prepare for the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) examination, which determines their eligibility for university admission. Students take a range of subjects, including Chinese and English languages, mathematics, and elective subjects based on their interests and career aspirations.

In India, the eleventh grade signifies the first year of higher secondary education. It is often considered the third year of high school, with the twelfth grade being the final year. The educational system in India offers different streams such as science, commerce, and humanities/arts, allowing students to choose subjects according to their future career paths.

The science stream in India typically includes compulsory subjects such as physics, chemistry, and mathematics or biology. Students can also choose additional subjects like computer science, information technology, electronics, and more. This stream prepares students for engineering, medical, and other science-related fields.

The commerce stream focuses on subjects such as accountancy, business studies, and economics. Students in this stream gain knowledge and skills related to business and finance, preparing them for careers in commerce, accounting, banking, and entrepreneurship.

The humanities/arts stream offers a diverse range of subjects, including languages, social studies, psychology, and fine arts. Students in this stream develop critical thinking, communication, and creative skills, opening doors to careers in fields such as literature, social sciences, journalism, and the arts.

In Indonesia, students enter the 11th grade after completing their Class X Boards. They then have the option to choose from three programs: science, social, and language. Each program focuses on specific subjects and areas of study, catering to students' interests and aptitudes.

In Ireland, the eleventh grade is known as the fifth year of secondary school, also referred to as "Cuigu Bhliain." This year is dedicated to preparing students for the Leaving Certificate, a set of exams that determine their eligibility for higher education. Students study a range of subjects, including English, mathematics, science, and humanities.

In Nepal, students complete their Secondary Education Examination (SEE) before entering the 11th grade, which is considered the starting point of college-level education. Students choose from three different streams: science, arts, and management. The curriculum includes compulsory subjects such as mathematics, social studies, Nepali, and English, along with optional subjects based on the chosen stream.

In Israel, the eleventh grade is known as "Yud-Aleph" (11 in Hebrew numerals, י"א). Students in this grade average around 16-17 years old. It is a challenging year as students take their final tests for most subjects, except English, mathematics, and their chosen elective classes. The high school diploma, known as "te'udat bagrut," depends on the successful completion of these exams.

In Malaysia, the 11th grade is known as Form 5, which marks the final year of secondary school. Students in this grade are typically 17 years old. Form 5 is a critical year as students prepare for the Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM) examination, which determines their eligibility for further education. The curriculum includes a broad range of subjects, providing a well-rounded education.

In Mexico, the eleventh grade is the second year of high school. Most students enter this grade at the age of 16, but there can be variations, with some students starting at 15 or 17. The curriculum focuses on core subjects, preparing students for the next stage of their education or vocational training.

In Norway, the eleventh year of education is the first year of Videregående Skole, the equivalent of high school. While not compulsory, approximately 93% of Norwegian students aged 16-18 choose to enroll. Videregående Skole has no upper age limit, but students cannot start before the year they turn 16. The curriculum covers a wide range of subjects, providing students with a comprehensive education.

In New Zealand, Year 12 is the equivalent of the eleventh grade. Students in Year 12 are typically aged 16 or 17. During this year, students work towards achieving Level 2 of the National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA), the country's main secondary school qualification. The curriculum includes subjects such as English, mathematics, and elective subjects of the students' choice.

In Pakistan, the eleventh grade is the first year of college-level education. Students can choose from various streams, including pre-medical, pre-engineering, commerce, humanities, science, home economics, arts, and more. The choice of stream is typically based on the students' performance in their SSC exams (9th and 10th grades) and their future career aspirations.

In the Philippines, the eleventh grade is the first year of Senior High School, also known as SHS Year 1. This year is part of the K-12 education system, which was implemented to align the country's education system with international standards. Students choose from different tracks, including academic, technical-vocational, sports, and arts and design, based on their interests and career goals.

In Russia, the eleventh grade is the final year of secondary education. It is an examinational year as students prepare for the Unified State Exam (USE), a standardized test that assesses their knowledge in subjects like mathematics, Russian language, and their chosen elective subjects. The year focuses on revising and consolidating the material learned throughout high school.

In Singapore, the eleventh grade is known as Secondary 5, the final year of secondary school. Students in Secondary 5 are typically 17 years old. Depending on their academic path, some students take N Levels (normal academic levels) in Secondary 5, while others take O Levels (ordinary levels) in Secondary 4. After completing secondary education, students can proceed to Junior College or Polytechnic for further studies.

In Spain, the eleventh grade is the first year of Bachillerato, a two-year program preceding university education. Students aged 16 to 17 study a variety of subjects based on their chosen field of study. Bachillerato offers different tracks, including main subjects, science, humanities/sociology, and arts, allowing students to specialize in their areas of interest.

In Sweden, the eleventh grade marks the first year of upper secondary school. Students in this grade typically study a broad range of subjects, laying the foundation for their future studies and career paths.

In England and Wales, the eleventh grade is referred to as Year 12 or Lower Sixth Form. This year is comparable to the 11th grade in the United States. Students usually take the first half of three or four A-Level subjects, with some also taking Advanced Subsidiary Level (AS-Level) exams. Successful completion of Year 12 leads to A-Level qualifications or BTECs, which are recognized by universities and colleges.

In Scotland, the eleventh grade is known as the fifth year of secondary education or S5. Students in this year typically sit for Higher qualifications, which are essential for university admission. The age range of students in S5 is usually 16 to 17.

In Northern Ireland, the eleventh grade corresponds to Lower Sixth Form or Year 13. Students begin a two-year course, during which they work towards achieving three A-Level qualifications in their chosen subjects.

In the United States, the eleventh grade is commonly referred to as junior year. It is a critical year for students as they prepare for college admissions. During this year, students often take the SAT Reasoning Test or ACT in the second semester. The curriculum includes subject-specific courses such as mathematics, science, English literature, social studies, and foreign languages.

The eleventh grade, or junior year of high school, is a transformative period for students all around the world. It marks the transition from earlier education to the final year of high school, preparing students for their future academic and career paths. While the specifics may vary across different educational systems, the eleventh grade serves as a crucial stepping stone towards higher education and beyond.

Great Neck Village High School

Village School (commonly VS) is the oldest public alternative high school in New York State. It was judged very good by the Center for the Study of Educational Alternatives at Hofstra University. The American School Board Journal gave the Magna Award to the School for its excellent, unique, high school program. As a member of the Coalition of Essential Schools, the Village School and its staff work closely with other member schools and with the education faculty of Brown University. The Village School is officially recognized by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and certified by the New York State Education Department. There are about 50 students enrolled in the Village School each academic year.

Village School is one of three high schools in the Great Neck School District, which includes Great Neck North High School and William A. Shine Great Neck South High School. VS offers its 46 students an individualized system where students earn credits as they meet curriculum goals that have been established by their teachers. Original, performance, and published documents are assessments of these goals have long been part of a Village School student's academic history. About 99 percent of the students continue their education at four-year schools.

The alternative school provides education for grades 9-12. Many types of students attend the Village School. The Village School's catalogue describes the students saying, 

All have at least average ability, some have exceptional learning abilities and artistic talents, while others have special educational needs. Students who may have felt lost and isolated in a large school often thrive in the smaller and more personalized setting of the Village School. 
The school describes itself as a "college preparatory public high school dedicated to encouraging academic success through a non-traditional, innovative curriculum". Co-founder Arnie Langberg has been called "one of the most important pioneers in the field of public alternative education." The admissions process at Village School is comprehensive. Each student takes part in an on-campus interview and is accompanied by a parent. The children are hand picked and visit the school twice before being considered a candidate for this program.

Vanessa Hudgens

Vanessa Anne Hudgens (born December 14, 1988) is an American actress and singer. She is most well known for starring in High School Musical, "High School Musical 2" and on Disney Channel. She has won many awards and has been nominated since "High School Musical". She has been on many TV shows and movies. She began acting and singing at an early age. She is now engaged with her long time boyfriend Marshall TITO Armstrong, who is a professional musician & performer.

Hudgens was born in Salinas, California, and has lived with her parents along the West Coast, from Oregon to Southern California. Her mother, Gina (née Guangco), held a succession of office jobs, and her father, Gregory Hudgens, was a firefighter. She has a younger sister, Stella Hudgens, who is also an actress. She was raised as a Roman Catholic. Her father is of English ancestry, and her mother, a native of Manila, Philippines, is of Spanish-Chinese-Filipino ancestry. All of her grandparents were musicians.




 

Twix

Twix is a type of chocolate bar made by Mars, Inc. It is a biscuit covered with caramel and milk chocolate. Twix was called Raider in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Norway for many years before its name was changed in 1991 (2000 in Finland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Turkey).


Tawny-bellied hermit

The tawny-bellied hermit ("Phaethornis syrmatophorus"), is a species of hummingbird. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.


Al Jazira Club

Al-Jazira is a football club in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Al-Jazira was founded in 1974 when Khaladiyah and Al-Bateen merged (were put together). It was at this time that the first board of directors was formed . Mohammad Khalifa Al Kindi and Sheikh Hamdan Bin Hamad Al Nahyan helped with the administrative work of the club for a long time. Sheikh Hamdan Bin Zayed AL Nahyan’s became the honorary chairman of the club and chairman of the honorary panel, along with H. H. Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan.

Al-Jazira is located in the capital Abu Dhabi. New branches of the club will be started in the Al Shawamikh, Al Bahya and Wathba areas. This is to encourage the discovery of new talented players and add them to the club teams. The total cost of these branches will be 60 million dirhams.

Rose (disambiguation)

Rose can mean:




Mad Max (movie)

Mad Max is a 1979 Australian action movie directed by George Miller. It is the first role of Mel Gibson.

"Mad Max" tells a story about life in an apocalyptic world. There have been sequels.


Sooty barbthroat

The sooty barbthroat ("Threnetes niger") is a species of hummingbird. It is found in French Guiana and far north-eastern Brazil. Its habitat is humid tropical lowland forest. Though normally restricted in range, it is common enough to be thought a Species of Least Concern by the IUCN.

The taxonomy and systematics of the Sooty Barbthroat complex has made much confusion. Some authors thought the Sooty Barbthroat to be a "melanistic variant" of the pale-tailed barbthroat ("T. leucurus").

Not only that, but some suggest that the bronze-tailed barbthroat ("T. n. loehkeni") should also be thought a valid species and have the doubtful Christina's barbthroat ("T. n. christinae") as a subspecies. Freire's Sooty barbthroat (T. n. freirei) is average between the sooty and bronze-tailed barbthroats however, and thus its status needs to be more clear before the problem is fixed.

Rutland County, Vermont

Rutland County is a county in the U.S. state of Vermont. In 2020, 60,572 people lived there. Its county seat is Rutland. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has 945 square miles (2,447 km²) of total area. Out of that, 933 square miles (2,415 km²) is land and 12 square miles (32 km²) is water. 


Esmeraldas woodstar

The Esmeraldas woodstar ("Chaetocercus berlepschi") is a species of hummingbird. It is found only in Ecuador. Its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.


Stonewall Jackson

Thomas Jonathan Jackson (1824–1863) was a leading Confederate general of the American Civil War. He earned the name "Stonewall" after the First Battle of Bull Run. He was frequently called the most brilliant strategist in the Confederate Army. Jackson was considered Robert E. Lee's "right hand". Jackson was mortally wounded at the Battle of Chancellorsville. On May 2, 1863, he was scouting ahead of his lines when one of his own men mistakenly shot him. His left arm was badly wounded requiring the doctors to amputate it two inches below his shoulder. He died on May 10, 1863. He was 39 years old. He likely died of a pulmonary embolism and not from pneumonia. 

Gettysburg

Gettysburg can refer to:

Treaty of Paris (1783)

The Treaty of Paris was the treaty that formally ended the American Revolutionary War between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the United States of America.

The treaty was signed in Paris on September 3, 1783. The American Congress of the Confederation ratified the treaty on January 14, 1784. The British King George III ratified the treaty on April 9, 1784. 

Under the terms of the treaty, Britain recognized the new nation, agreed to remove all troops, and set new borders of the United States. The United States agreed to allow British troops to leave and to encourage the states pay all debts owed to Britain. It also agreed not to persecute the Tories (people loyal to the British king and so also known as loyalists) still in the United States and allow those who left America to return.

France and Spain, who were allies of the United States, also signed peace treaties with Britain. France got Tobago and Senegal and some other places. Spain wanted Gibraltar but instead got Menorca and Florida. The Netherlands, which signed later, did not gain or lose land but were forced to allow British trade in the Dutch East Indies. 

In India, the Kingdom of Mysore, which was supported by the French until the treaty was signed, continued fighting for another year but also neither gained nor lost any land.


Treaty of Paris

Treaty of Paris could refer to: 

Earmuffs

Earmuffs are that are made to cover and protect a person's ears. A plastic or metal band fits over the top of the head, and there are two pads at the ends that cover the ears warmly.

Chester Greenwood invented the earmuffs when he was 15. His ears would turn into unusual colors like red, white, purple, or blue and begin to hurt when it was cold (he lived in Maine). Because of this, he could not try the new ice skates he got for his fifteenth birthday. Chester had tried wrapping a scarf around his head, but it was too bulky. So Chester twisted some wire so that it went across the top of his head, and made a loop on each end near his ears. Then he asked his grandmother to sew some material on the end of each loop. She put black velvet on the inside of the ears, and beaver fur on the outside of each loop, then sewed the wire across Chester's hat to make it stay. Soon lots of people in his town wanted ear warmers like Chester's, and he opened a factory when he was 19 to make them. Each year, his home town (Farmington) celebrates his invention with a parade on "Chester Greenwood Day." 

There are two kinds of earmuffs: "thermal earmuffs", which keep a person's ears warm, and "acoustic earmuffs", also called "ear defenders", which block out a lot of sound and noise and can be used in construction (building) sites, for example, when jackhammering.

Rigel

Rigel is a hot supergiant star in the Milky Way galaxy. It is a blue-white supergiant. It is in the constellation Orion. 

Rigel is much larger than our Sun. It is 78 times the Sun's radius, with a diameter of more than 100 million kilometers, but it's mass is 21 times more massive than our sun. It's a temperature of 12100 Kelvin, which causes the star to glow about 120 000 times brighter than the Sun. Rigel is 864 light-years (8.2 quadrillion km) from Earth in Orion. Because it is near the equator, Rigel is seen from Earth as a small, bluish circle on clear nights from both hemispheres.

Rigel appears to be as a single star, but in fact it's a stellar system of at least four stars. That include Rigel A, Rigel Ba, Rigel Bb and Rigel C. Rigel Ba and Bb orbits around each other every 9.8 days, while Rigel C orbits around Rigel B binary every 63 years. The distance from Rigel A and BC is ~2 200 AU, so the orbital period of each other is ~24 000 years. Rigel Ba, Bb and C have a mass of 3.84; 2.94; and 3.84 solar masses, and therefore they're B-type main sequence stars.
Rigel pulsates. The color of this star is bluish-white, hotter than a star with a yellow color. It will use its energy quickly. The Sun uses the same gases as Rigel; hydrogen and helium make it shine. When Rigel loses its fuel inside the very hot core, it will blow up into the red supergiant stage of its life and explode in a supernova. A black hole or a neutron star might be left.

Agence France-Presse

Agence France-Presse (AFP) is a French news agency. It is the oldest one in the world, and also among the largest with Associated Press and Reuters. It is also the largest French news agency.

Cathode ray

A cathode ray is a stream of electrons that are seen in vacuum tubes. It is called a "cathode ray" because the electrons are being emitted from the negative charged element in the vacuum tube called the cathode. A cathode ray tube aims the ray at a point on its screen. They were first observed in 1869 by German physicist Johann Hittorf, and were named in 1876 by Eugen Goldstein "Kathodenstrahlen", or cathode rays.

Electrons were discovered as the constituents of cathode rays in 1897 by British physicist J. J. Thomson. He showed the rays were composed of a previously unknown negatively charged particle, which was later called the "electron". Cathode ray tubes (CRTs) use a focused beam of electrons deflected by electric or magnetic fields to create the image in a classic television set.

Some properties of cathode rays:

Lewis structure

The Lewis structures, also called Lewis-dot diagrams or electron dot diagrams or Lewis dot structure are pictures that show the bonding between a pair of electrons and the atoms of a molecule.

Each dot represents one electron. Two dots side by side represent a lone pair of electrons.

To show a bond between atoms, a line representing a pair of shared electrons is placed between the two atoms. This is showing water also known as H2O.

1. First we have to select central atom.

2. Central atom is that which is present in list in number.

3. central atom is that which has more number of valence electron.

4. Hydrogen is never central atom.

5. Then we arrange the rest of the atom and their electron as such they become stable.

Sentience

Sentience is being capable of feeling, consciousness or having some form of mind. Eighteenth-century philosophers used the concept to distinguish the ability to think ("reason") from the ability to feel ("sentience"). 

In simple English, to be sentient means displaying and/or having the ability to:

In the philosophy of consciousness, "sentience" can refer to the ability of any thing to have subjective perceptual experiences, or as some philosophers refer to them, "qualia".

Thinking about sentience is important when studying animal rights. This is because feeling is needed in order to suffer. The basis of animal rights is that some animals have emotions, can feel pain and also feel happy and well. 

Mansfield, Victoria

Mansfield is a small town at the base of the Victorian part of the Australian Alps. It is about north-east of Melbourne. In 2006 there were 4052 people living in Mansfield.

Mansfield is the centre of a large shire; it was made to join with the nearby town of Benalla away, to form Delatite Shire. Many people did not like this change and Mansfield became the first de-amalgamation in Victoria. Mansfield was once mainly a farming and logging town, but is now a tourist-centre. It is the support town for the large Australia ski resort Mt Buller. It is well known for the High Country tradition of alpine grazing, made famous in the movie "The Man from Snowy River". This was made around Mansfield, based on the poem by Banjo Paterson.

Mansfield, first known as Mount Battery, was at the boundary of a number of pastoral runs (very large farms). A township was surveyed in 1851 and named after Mansfield in Nottinghamshire, England. People came to live in the town after the discovery of gold nearby and the Post Office opened on January 1, 1858.

The Mansfield railway line, reached the town from Tallarook in 1891, and was closed on November 18, 1978. The last passenger train was on May 28, 1977.

The area round Mansfield named as "Banbury" was also the location of the novel "The Far Country" by Nevil Shute. It was about logging on Mount Buller and previous forest fires, which having burnt through Howqua, removed almost all evidence of an older settlement.

Dr. John Pearson Rowe (1810–1878) was a physician and squatter (farmer) who owned the 'Loyola Run' (also known as Mt Battery) near Mansfield. He is said to be the first catholic person to live in the district. It is recorded that the nearby town of Rochester was named after J.P.Rowe, as he owned land on the Campaspe River. Rowe was a principal founder of the University of Melbourne. He fired a shot at a 14 year old bushranger, Ned Kelly and Harry Power on 27 May 1869. Rowe stood for parliament, in the Upper House seat of the Murray District in 1859 and was defeated. In October 1878, Rowe gave information to police Sergeant Kennedy about where Ned Kelly was hiding. Using Rowe's information, Kennedy and three other policemen rode into the Wombat Ranges to find him. Three of them were killed at Stringybark Creeka, and the Kelly Gang was born.

Mansfield is very close to two large lakes, Lake Eildon and Lake Nillahcootie. During the summer many people go to the lakes to water ski.

The nearby mountains, Mount Buller and Mount Stirling offer attractions all year round. During winter they are visited for skiing, both downhill skiing and cross country skiing. In the summer hiking and mountain biking are popular. Ski lifts work year-round at Mount Buller which help bike riders to easily get to the top of downhill mountain biking runs.

The bush around Mansfield is used for horse riding, trail biking and four wheel driving on the many tracks throughout the region.

In past years, the "Mansfield Balloon Festival" celebrated hot air balloons, and many people came from across the state. The Balloon Festival has not been held in Mansfield for several years.

Mansfield has a football team, the Mansfield Eagles, an Australian Rules team which plays in the Goulburn Valley Football League.

Mansfield has a horse racing club, the Mansfield District Racing Club, which holds two race meetings a year in November and December.

Golfers play at the Mansfield Golf Club on Kidston Parade.


Airbus A330

The Airbus A330 is a two engine, wide-body passenger airplane made by Airbus. It was designed at the same time as the Airbus A340, so it has the same body and wings.

It first flew in 1991 and the first one was delivered to Air Inter in 1994. It was a 300 series. Just after this, Airbus made the shorter 200 series. Airbus has made a freighter version, first made in 2001, and a tanker version, first made in 2007 (which carries additional fuel so it can give some to other planes).

There are also 394 A330s that need to be made and given to airlines. Most of these are the smaller 200 series version.

Airlines wanted a new airplane to replace their McDonnell Douglas DC-10 airplanes which were getting old. So, Airbus started a new project in November 1987: the A330 and A340 programs. In the end, it was found that the A330 is almost 38% more fuel efficient than the DC-10.

Airbus designed the A330 to be in the market for ETOPS airplanes. This market already had planes like the Boeing 767. In November 2009, the A330 was the first airplane to get the ETOPS-240 approval, which means that the plane is allowed to fly up to 240 minutes away from any airport. This means it can fly over large oceans or places like the Antarctic where there are no airports nearby.

The A330's body and wings are nearly exactly the same as the smaller versions of the A340's wings and body, but they have different engines. The A330's body is also similar to the older Airbus A300, and the computers and systems (like the fly-by-wire system) are similar to the Airbus A320 family of airplanes. Also, both the A330 and A340 are built at the same place: Toulouse-Blagnac Airport in Toulouse in France.

The 1000th A330 was ordered at the 2008 Farnborough Air Show by Cathay Pacific.

Airbus thinks that it will keep building the A330 until at least 2015.

There are two main types of Airbus A330: the 200 series and the 300 series. There is also the freighter version, which carries cargo instead of people, and the tanker version which carries lots of fuel (usually to give to other planes).

The A330-200 was made to compete with Boeing's 767-300ER. It is a shorter version of the A330-300 and is like the A340-200.

In the 1990s, Airbus was not selling very many A340-200s (only 28 were built). So, Airbus used the body of the A340-200 and took the wings and engines of the A330-300. This made the plane much more efficient and the A330-200 was much more popular than the A340-200.

The tail fin (called the rudder) of the A330-200 is a little bit taller than the 300 version to produce the same torque as the A330-300.

It has the same MTOW (Maximum Take-Off Weight) as the A330-300, so it can take more fuel than the A330-300. This means the A330-200 can fly further than the A330-300. It has a range of 12,500 km which is the same as 6,750 nmi.

The A330 has three engine choices for airlines to choose from: two General Electric CF6-80E engines, two Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines or two Rolls-Royce Trent 700 engines.

In May 2009, Airbus said they have plans to make a version of the A330-200 that can take off with a higher weight. This is because they want to compete with Boeing and their 787-8 aircraft.

It will have a new MTOW of 238 tons and a new range of 13,300 km which is 7,200 nmi. Airbus thinks that the 787-8 will have a range of 6,720 nmi (12,450 km) which is about 1000 nmi (1,900 km) less than what Boeing said it would be.

Korean Air will be the first airline to have the A330-200HGW. It ordered the airplanes on 27 February 2009 and will get the first one in 2010.

Because the Airbus A300-600F and Airbus A310F were getting old and companies had stopped ordering them, Airbus decided to make a new freighter plane to replace them. It started offering the airplane around the years 2000–2001. The airplane was talked about again at the 2006 Farnborough Airshow. Airbus got permission to sell the plane in January 2007 and the first plane came out of the factory on 20 October 2009. The aircraft first flew on 5 November 2009.

It can fly 64 tonnes of cargo over 4,000 nmi (7,400 km) or 69 tonnes over 3,200 nmi (5,930 km). The airplane was designed to use a new loading system that can use two different ways of holding cargo: containers or pallets (either smaller side by side pallets or larger single row pallets).

It has a new front landing gear system. Normally the A330-200 points slightly downwards when it is on the ground. This is good because the pilots can see the ground better but it makes loading the cargo harder. With this new gear, the aircraft sits straight so it is easier to load the cargo. It works by making the point where the plane attaches to the gear lower. This means that the nose has a bubble on the bottom to make sure the gear fits properly.

Airbus has 67 orders for the A330-200F. The customer who ordered the most planes is Intrepid Aviation Group who have ordered 20.

This version is a tanker aircraft, which means that it carries a lot of jet fuel to give to other planes. It also has a few seats so that it can be used to carry passengers. It is used by the military.

The plane has been ordered by the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), the UK's Royal Air Force (RAF), the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.

The plane was also offered to the U.S. Air Force as a replacement for some of their Boeing KC-135 'Stratotankers'. Eventually in 2002, they chose Boeing's offering: the KC-767. But this order was cancelled after a lot of political controversy. In 2006, the Air Force started again. Boeing again offered the KC-767 and Airbus teamed up with Northrop Grumman to make the KC-30. This time, they chose the KC-30 and renamed it the KC-45A. But Boeing complained that the ruling was not fair and the US Government Accountability Office agreed with Boeing. The bid was cancelled again. Northrop Grumman has decided not to offer the KC-45A again.

The A330-300 started working in 1986. It was the first type of A330. It competes with Boeing's 777-200 and 767-400ER. It was made as a replacement for the Airbus A300. It has a similar body to the A300-600, but it has new wings and systems.

It carries 295 passengers in three classes or 335 in two classes or 440 in one class. It can fly up to 5,650 nmi (10,500 km).

It has either two General Electric CF6-80E engines, two Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines or two Rolls Royce Trent 700 engines. All the engines are ETOPS rated at ETOPS-180 which means that the A330-300 can fly up to 180 minutes away from an airport that it can land at.

The Airbus A330neo(new engine option) is a variant of the A330 that has 14% better fuel economy per seat.

80 airlines or companies currently use the A330. The ones with the most A330s are Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong who have 32, Delta Air Lines from the United States of America who have 32, Emirates Airline from the United Arab Emirates who have 29, Qatar Airways from Qatar who have 29 and Air China and China Eastern Airlines who are both in China and have 20 each.

The A330 has had ten accidents: two hull-loss accidents (crashes where the plane cannot be fixed and cannot be used any more). There has been a total of 235 fatalities in the accidents.


Germination

Germination occurs when a spore or seed starts to grow. It is a term used in botany. When a spore or seed germinates, it produces a shoot or seedling, or (in the case of fungi) a hypha. The biology of spores is different from seeds.

A "spore" germinates if and when conditions are right. It has a very limited lifespan. The method of spore-bearers, which are lower plants such as mosses, ferns and also fungi, is to produce vast numbers of spores, of which only a small percentage germinate.

"Seeds" contain an embryo, a store of food (the endosperm), and a protective coat. Seed plants include Gymnosperms (such as conifers) and Angiosperms (such as flowering plants). Seeds can survive much longer than spores, sometimes for hundreds of years. The strategy of seed-bearing plants is to invest energy and material in the substance of seeds, and they have evolved more sophisticated methods of dispersal than just wind.

Seeds do not germinate until their requirements are met, and these needs differ from species to species.

The requirements for fruits is the same as for seeds. A fruit is just a seed with one or more extra layers derived from parts of the flower.

Fractal

A fractal is any pattern, that when seen as an image, produces a picture, which when zoomed into will still make the same picture. It can be cut into parts which look like a smaller version of the picture that was started with. The word "fractal" was made by Benoît Mandelbrot in 1975 from the Latin word "fractus", which means "broken" or "fractured". A simple example is a tree that branches into smaller branches, and those branches into smaller branches and so on. Fractals have many practical applications.

There are many types of fractals, made in a large variety of ways. One example is the Sierpinski triangle, where there are an infinite number of small triangles inside the large one. Another example is the Mandelbrot set, named for Benoît Mandelbrot. The Sierpinksi triangle is constructed using patterns, but the Mandelbrot set is based on an equation.

There are also many natural examples of fractals in nature including trees, snowflakes, some vegetables and coastlines.

The Koch Curve is a simple example of a fractal. First, start with part of a straight line - called a straight line segment. Cut the line into 3 same-sized pieces. Get rid of the middle of those pieces, and put in the top part of a triangle with sides which are the same length as the bit to cut out. We now have 4 line segments which are touching at the ends. We can now do what we just did to the first segment to each of the 4 bits. We can now do the same thing again and again to all the bits we end up with. We now do this forever and look at what we end up with.

The length of the Koch Curve is infinity, and the area of the Koch Curve is zero. This is quite strange. A line segment (with dimension 1) could have a length of 1, but it has an area of 0. A square of length 1 and width 1 (with dimension 2) will have area 1 and length of infinity.

So, the Koch Curve seems to be bigger than something of dimension 1, and smaller than something of dimension 2. The idea of the similarity dimension is to give a dimension which gives a better idea of length or area for fractals. So, for a Koch Curve, we want a dimension between 1 and 2.

The Koch Curve can be cut into four pieces, each of which are formula_1 of the size of the original. We call the number of pieces that a fractal can be cut into formula_2, and we call the size difference formula_3. We put those into the equation:

formula_4

Where formula_5 is the logarithm of a number. This number is the Hausdorff Dimension of the fractal. In the Koch Curve, this is formula_6 as we wanted.

The Koch Curve is one of the simplest fractal shapes, and so its dimension is easy to work out. Its similarity dimension and Hausdorff dimension are both the same. This is not true for more complex fractals.

The Koch snowflake (or Koch star) is the same as the Koch curve, except it starts with an equilateral triangle instead of a line segment.

Fractals have many applications e.g. in biology (lung, kidneys, heart rate variability, etc...), in earthquakes, in finance where it is related to the so called heavy tail distributions and in physics. This indicates that fractals should be studied to understand why fractals are so frequent in nature.

Some fractals exist only for artistic reasons, but others are very useful. Fractals are very efficient shapes for radio antennas and are used in computer chips to efficiently connect all the components. Also, coastlines can be thought of as fractals.


Main line

A main line is a railway line that is a main trunk route and connects large cities.

Newark North Gate railway station

Newark North Gate train station is a train station that serves the town of Newark in Nottinghamshire, England. It is served by east coast trains and East Midland trains. East coast does intercity trains from King's Cross to Leads, Newcastle, York, Edinburgh, and Glasgow.

Iyaz

Keidran Jones (born 15 April 1987), better known by his stage name Iyaz, is a singer, songwriter and rapper. His song "Replay" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 2009. In December 2009, "Replay" was number one on the "Billboard" Pop Songs chart. It also reached number one in the UK Singles Chart on January 10, 2010. He made a song with Miley Cyrus called "Gonna Get This" for "Hannah Montana".

http://www.andpop.com/2009/11/08/iyaz-and-replay-climbing-to-the-top/ 


Community (TV series)

Community is an American comedy series on NBC. "Community" first aired on September 17, 2009, at 9:30 PM (EST). However, it was moved to 8:00 PM (EST) by its fourth episode. The series ran for six seasons. The first five seasons aired on NBC from September 17, 2009 until April 17, 2014. "Community" season six was released online via Yahoo! Screen. 
"Community"'s sixth and final season concluded on June 2, 2015.

The show is about the lives of students at a community college in the fictional city of Greendale, Colorado. "Community" makes frequent use of self referencing humor and is well known for pop culture tributes.


Orchestre de Paris

The Orchestre de Paris is a French orchestra based in Paris which was started in 1967. The orchestra's music director is Christoph Eschenbach and most of its concerts are performed at the Salle Pleyel.



Berlin Staatskapelle

The Staatskapelle Berlin is a German orchestra. It is the orchestra of the Berlin State Opera (Berliner Staatsoper Unter den Linden).

The history of the orchestra goes back to 1570, when the Elector of Brandenburg started an orchestra at his court. By the mid 18th century it was linked to the Royal Court Opera, started in 1742 by Frederick the Great. Famous musicians who have played with the orchestra include Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, Franz Benda, and Johann Joachim Quantz

Giacomo Meyerbeer became "Kapellmeister" (Music Director), from 1842. The orchestra started a series of public concerts. They were the first orchestra to play the first performances of many famous pieces of music by Richard Wagner, Felix Mendelssohn, and Otto Nicolai. 

The orchestra's music director is called the "Staatskapellmeister". He is also the music director of the Berlin State Opera. Today the music director is Daniel Barenboim, who has had the job since 1992. In 2000 Barenboim was given the title of "conductor for life". Barenboim and the orchestra have made several recordings.


Stephen Sondheim

Steven Joshua Sondheim (March 22, 1930 – November 26, 2021) was an American composer and lyricist.

Sondheim was born into a Jewish family in New York City. He grew up on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and later near Doylestown, Pennsylvania. He was openly gay. In 2017, he married Jeffrey Romley.

Sondheim died on November 26, 2021 from heart disease in Roxbury, Connecticut at the age of 91.

Sondheim wrote the words for songs in "" and "West Side Story". Of American composers still living, he had won the most awards. He won:

Sondheim wrote both the music and the words to his musicals.
Many critics like his work, but some people do not like it. "Sweeney Todd" is very different from the music of Rodgers and Hammerstein.


Berlin State Opera

The Berlin State Opera, known in Germany as Staatsoper Unter den Linden is a world famous German opera company. Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin.

The opera house was opened on 7 December 1742. It was the beginning of a 250-year co-operation between the Staatsoper and the orchestra called Berlin Staatskapelle. Famous conductors and composers associated with the opera house include Gaspare Spontini, Giacomo Meyerbeer and Richard Strauss.

On 18 August 1843 the Linden Opera was destroyed by fire. The new building was built a year later. It was called Königliches Opernhaus (Royal Opera House), and it opened with a performance of Meyerbeer's "Ein Feldlager in Schlesien".

In 1821, the Berlin Opera gave the first performance of Weber's "Der Freischütz". In 1849, it gave the first performance of Otto Nicolai's "The Merry Wives of Windsor", conducted by the composer himself.

At the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, the Royal Court Opera, Berlin, had many famous conductors. They included Felix von Weingartner, Karl Muck, Richard Strauss, and Leo Blech.

After the collapse of the German Empire in 1918, the Opera was renamed "Staatsoper unter den Linden" and the "Königliche Kapelle" became "Kapelle der Staatsoper".

In the 1920s, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Erich Kleiber, Otto Klemperer, Alexander von Zemlinsky, Bruno Walter 
conducted. In 1925, Alban Berg's "Wozzeck", was given its first performance conducted by Erich Kleiber with the composer in the audience.

After having had many repairs and improvements, the Linden Opera reopened in April 1928 with a new production of "Die Zauberflöte". In the same year, the famous Russian bass Feodor Chaliapin and Serge Diaghilev's Ballets Russes with conductor Ernest Ansermet were guest performers. In 1930 Erich Kleiber conducted the first performance of Darius Milhaud's "Christoph Columbus".

In 1934, when symphonic pieces from Alban Berg's "Lulu" were performed by Kleiber, the Nazis created a scandal and Kleiber had to go into exile.

When Hitler came to power all the Jews in the orchestra had to leave. Many went into exile, including the conductors Otto Klemperer and Fritz Busch. During the Third Reich, Robert Heger, Herbert von Karajan (1939-1945) and Johannes Schüler were the "Staatskapellmeister". 

In 1945 The Lindenoper was once again destroyed on 3 February. The second rebuilding took a long time. From 1945, the opera company played in the former "Admiralspalast" (today's Metropoltheater). From 1949, the company served as state opera of the GDR. It moved back to its original home after the rebuilding in 1955. The newly rebuilt opera house was opened, again, with Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg".

After the Berlin Wall was built in 1961, the Opera continued to perform music from the classical and romantic periods together with contemporary ballet and operas.

After the Germany Reunification, the Linden Opera had links again with the operatic world. In the 1990s, the opera was officially renamed "Staatsoper Unter den Linden".

In 1992, the Argentine-Israeli conductor Daniel Barenboim was appointed Music Director. In 2000, the orchestra (according to its official website) gave Barenboim the title "conductor for life." During the 2002 "Festtage", he led a Wagner cycle in ten parts.



Peramelemorphia

The order Peramelemorphia includes the bandicoots and bilbies. They are small marsupial omnivores. This order of mammals consists of some lesser known marsupials. They are native to New Guinea and Australia.

Vascular dementia

Vascular dementia is the second most common form of dementia after Alzheimer's disease. It is a type of dementia caused by problems in the supply of blood to the brain.

Brain cells need a good supply of blood to stay healthy and function properly. The blood is delivered through a network of blood vessels called the vascular system. If the vascular system within the brain becomes damaged and blood cannot reach the brain cells, the cells will eventually die. This can lead to the onset of vascular dementia. 

West End theatre

West End theatre refers to stage productions in the West End of London. It is like New York's Broadway, where musicals and plays are shown at number of theatres. In 2007, 13.6 million people went to see a show at the West End. The shows that were on in 2007 included: "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", "The Sound of Music", "Dirty Dancing", "Billy Elliot", "Hairspray", "Spamalot", "Avenue Q", "Wicked", "Equus", "Macbeth", "King Lear", "Othello" and "Grease".

Ann Coulter

Ann Coulter (born December 8, 1961) is from the United States. She is a writer and is known for her controversial opinions about politics. She was asked to go on television, radio and speaks at public and private events. Coulter has described herself as a "polemicist" or someone who tells the truth even if it will cause problems. She does not want to "pretend to be impartial or balanced."


West End

West End might mean:


No Child Left Behind Act

The No Child Left Behind Act is a United States law that was to help students meet higher standards. This law started during President George W. Bush's time in the White House. President Bush made the law official on January 8, 2002. Schools around the US now have to test their students. If they don't, the schools risk losing funds given to them by the federal government. Some parts of this rule include bilingualism standards. All students must be on at least a proficient level (B+) by the 2013-14 school year. 

Since the law started, Congress gave more money to schools from $42.2 billion in 2001 to $54.4 billion in 2007. No Child Left Behind received a 40.4% increase from $17.4 billion in 2001 to $24.4 billion. The funding for reading quadrupled from $286 million in 2001 to $1.2 billion.

Resource room

Resource room is a place where special education students attend daily classes. These students are usually included in the general classroom and just need more support. Students are taught individually and in small groups. The number of students in a resource room is at most five students per teacher. Mainstreaming in education typically includes this service. Students in separate classes generally do not need the resource room because all the support they need is in the self-contained classroom.

Special education teachers in resource rooms focus on the goals set by an Individualized Education Program. These goals are based on the individual student's need to develop executive skills, complete their homework and behave. The programs can help students with language-based learning disabilities like dyslexia. Visuo-motor perception, arithmetic, spelling and overall self-perception improve after time in the resource room classroom. The small-group instructional model leads to achievement in students with a multitude of educational disabilities.

Their peers also benefit when the concepts they learned in general education are reinforced in resource rooms.


Peanut butter

Peanut butter is a type of moist paste that is made of crushed roasted peanuts. There are two kinds of peanut butter: "crunchy/chunky" peanut butter and "smooth/creamy" peanut butter. It can be eaten, for example on bread, usually with jelly to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich or a peanut butter sandwich with only peanut butter. Marcellus Gilmore Edson was the real inventor, not George Washington Carver.

January 24 is National Peanut Butter Day.

Peanut butter can protect people from cardiovascular sickness. Peanut butter (and peanuts) have lots of protein, E, magnesium, folate, food fiber, and arginine. However, some people with peanut allergies can have a shock or allergic reaction from eating or smelling it, which has made some schools decide not to let their students eat peanut butter in their schools. Some oils put inside peanut butter to make it easier to spread can also make people have heart disease. Peanut butter can also carry salmonella and make people sick because of it.

Peanut butter has around 188 calories, with there being 71 percent of fat, 14 percent of protein, and 15 percent of carbohydrate. Other peanut butter types may have 616 or 195 calories. Although peanut butter has some fat, it may help with losing weight.



War Memorial Opera House

The War Memorial Opera House in San Francisco, California is home to the second largest opera company in the United States. It was built in 1932 and seats 3123 people. Its interior is in the Beaux-Arts design.

La Garde

La Garde is a city in the south of France. La Garde is the capital of the canton of La Garde.

La Garde is on the east of Toulon between Marseille and Nice. It's area land is 15.54 km²

End–Ordovician extinction event

The End–Ordovician extinction event is the third-largest extinction event of the Phanerozoic eon. The Ordovician period followed the Cambrian and was followed by the Silurian. There were no living things on the land except for bacteria and perhaps some single-celled algae. The biota was almost entirely marine.

The extinction came in two steps, at the start and the finish of the "Hirnantian" stage, which was the last stage of the Ordovician. 

Basic mechanism: climate changes from very warm to very cold and back to very warm. Changes in ocean circulation were the results of the climate changes. Both benthic (ocean bottom) and pelagic fauna were faced with conditions they were unable to cope with.

More than 100 invertebrate families became extinct in the End–Ordovician extinction event, and a total of almost half the genera. The brachiopods and bryozoans were decimated, along with many of the trilobite, conodont and graptolite families. 

The cause was probably the rise and erosion of the Appalachian Mountains. The rise put much CO into the atmosphere, and the erosion took it out.


Ningaloo Reef

Ningaloo Reef is one of the largest coral reefs in the world. It is off the North West Cape in Western Australia. It is about long. 

Ningaloo has about 200 species of hard coral and 50 species of soft coral. More than 520 species of fish live on the reef. Species that can be found at the reef include whale sharks, manta rays, humpback whales, dugongs, and Potato Cod. There are also six of the world's seven sea turtles including the Green turtle, Loggerhead Sea Turtle, Hawksbill turtle and Flatback turtle. 

The Ningaloo Reef Marine Park covers an area of about 5000 square kilometers. 

The reef is popular with people from all over the world who come to go scuba diving and snorkeling.



Codeshare agreement

Codesharing is a type of partnership that airlines have. Airlines agree to sell each other's tickets on some routes. This means that both airlines sell more tickets.

Sometimes, airlines join groups (called alliances) which all agree to sell each other's tickets. For example, both United Airlines and Lufthansa are part of Star Alliance. This means that Lufthansa can sell tickets for United Airlines and United Airlines can sell Lufthansa's tickets.

Because airlines sell each other's tickets, some flights will have more than one flight number.

Le Pradet

Le Pradet is a commune in the south of France.

Canton of La Garde

The Canton of La Garde is a French canton near Toulon, in the department of Var. It is made up of La Garde and Le Pradet.

Command responsibility

Command Responsibility is an idea that Military Officers are responsible for making sure that the soldiers under their command do not commit war crimes, and if they do, make sure that the soldiers involved are punished. It also suggests, and is often claimed as an excuse when soldiers commit war crimes due to being ordered to do so, and that the officers in that case bear the responsibility, not the individual soldiers carrying out the illegal orders. This excuse is nowadays considered dubious and frequently ridiculed as the "Nuremberg defence", as many of the Nazis in the Nuremberg trials claimed that while they did in fact commit war crimes, they had an oath to Hitler and could not refuse to obey it, no matter the consequences. The command responsibility argument has been invoked since with varying success, but under modern international humanitarian law, command to commit an illegal act, such as crimes against humanity, is not an excuse unless there was fear of reprisals, for example the real threat of the person ordered being killed if he refused to carry them out. 


Nikos Sampson

Nikos Sampson (December 16, 1935 – May 9, 2001) was a Cypriot politician. He was the leader of Cyprus for eight days in 1974. He had been active in EOKA before Cyprus became independent from the United Kingdom. EOKA wanted Cyprus and Greece to become a single country, and fought with the Turks in Cyprus. Afterwards, he became active in EOKA-B, which was a continuation of EOKA. In 1974, EOKA-B overthrew the government of Cyprus, and chose Nikos Sampson as President. Soon afterward, Turkey invaded Cyprus, and Nikos Sampson resigned from office. Afterward, he was tried for treason, and sent to prison for twenty years. Nikos Sampson died in 2001.


Bitola

Bitola () is the second-largest city in North Macedonia. It is located in the southwestern part of the country.

Arlington County, Virginia

Arlington County is a county in Virginia. It has so many buildings that it looks like a city. It is one of the smallest counties in the United States by area. It is across the Potomac River from Washington, D.C., and parts of it were once part of Washington. In 2020, 238,643 people lived there. It is where many U.S. government offices are, such as The Pentagon. It is also the location of Arlington National Cemetery, which was built at the former plantation of Robert E. Lee, and the Ronald Reagan National Airport. ANC is where John F. Kennedy and many American soldiers are buried. Several battles of the American Civil War were fought in and around Arlington.

The District of Columbia was made with land contributed by Virginia and Maryland. In 1846, Congress agreed to give the land south of the Potomac back to Virginia. Most of the returned land became Arlington.


Roman law

Roman law is the name used for a system of laws used by the Roman Empire. It started with the twelve tablets of civil law, . After the law code ordered by it continued as Byzantine law. Roman law is the foundation of most legal systems in Europe, and its former colonies, and it influenced many other countries.

Flag of Arizona

The Flag of the State of Arizona has 13 rays of red and gold (the conquistador colors and of the flag of Spain) on the top half, representing the 13 first counties of Arizona (there are 15 counties today), as well as telling of Arizona's picturesque sunsets. There is a copper colored star in the center representing Arizona's copper-mining company. The rest of the flag is colored blue, representing liberty.

In 1910, Colonel Charles W. Harris, head of the Arizona National Guard, made a flag for the Arizona Rifle Team when they attend the National Matches at Camp Perry. Arizona had been the only team in past matches to compete without a flag.

Chef salad

Chef salad (sometimes called chef's salad) is a type of salad. It usually includes a bed of leaf vegetables or lettuce, which can be served with hard boiled eggs, strips of meat (such as ham, roast beef, or turkey), cheese, cucumbers, croutons, and tomatoes. Chef salad is usually topped with Thousand Island dressing, but can be served with any type of dressing.

Pinchas Zukerman

Pinchas Zukerman (, (born July 16, 1948 in Tel Aviv) is a famous Israeli violinist, violist, and conductor. Since 1971 he has conducted many orchestras.

Pinchas Zukerman was born in Tel Aviv. His parents were Jews who had survived the Nazi concentration camps and had moved from Poland to Israel in 1947. By the time he was eight he showed great musical promise and started to learn music at the Academy of Music in Tel Aviv. When the violinist Isaac Stern heard him play he was so impressed that he helped him to go to the Julliard School of Music in New York. There he studied with Ivan Galanian.
In 1967 Zukerman shared a joint first prize in the Leventritt International Competition with Kyung Wha Chung. Then Stern became ill and could not play in some concerts, so Zukerman played instead. This made him famous.

After hearing Daniel Barenboim conduct the English Chamber Orchestra he became interested in conducting. He started to conduct orchestras while playing the solo parts of works by Bach and Vivaldi. This conducting (leading) from the concertmaster’s chair had been the tradition in the 17th and 18th centuries. In 1974 he conducted the English Chamber Orchestra. Then he got opportunities to conduct New York Philharmonic, the National Symphony, Boston Symphony, and Los Angeles Philharmonic orchestras. In the 1980s he was the musical director of the St Paul Chamber Orchestra. For many years he continued to appear as soloist with some of the best orchestras in the world. He won many awards, including two Grammy Awards. 

In April 1998, he became music director of the National Arts Centre Orchestra in Ottawa. He took them on a tour of Europe in 1990.

In recent years Zukerman has worked hard to help young musicians. As music director of the National Arts Centre Orchestra, he started the Young Artists Program, a summer training program for talented young classical musicians. It soon became popular, with students from all over the world.

Although he had a lot of work in Ottawa he also found time to be music director of the Ilona Feher Music Center in Holon, Israel, which he started. He became chairman of the Pinchas Zukerman Performance Program at the Manhattan School of Music in New York City. He was also artist in residence of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra.

In 1968 he married Eugenia Rich. They had two daughters. Later they divorced. In 1985 he married the actress Tuesday Weld. They later divorced.


National Arts Centre Orchestra

The National Arts Centre Orchestra is an orchestra in Ottawa, Canada's capital. Since 1998 their conductor (musical director) has been Pinchas Zukerman. The orchestra was started in 1969. It has made more than 40 recordings and toured widely throughout the world. 



Christian de Quincey

Christian de Quincey, Ph.D., is an author and philosopher who teaches cosmology and spirituality at colleges in the United States and Europe. He is an internationally known author and speaker on consciousness. He is on the faculty of several U.S. universities and think tanks, and at Schumacher College, Devon, England. He has written 5 books on consciousness.


Velvet worm

The velvet worms (Onychophora — literally "claw bearers") are a minor panarthropod phylum. 

There are two families and about 200 species. All living species live on land, in moist or wet tropical areas.

The two living families are the Peripatidae and the Peripatopsidae. They show a peculiar distribution, with the peripatids being mainly equatorial and tropical, while the peripatopsids are all found in what used to be Gondwana.

The segmented worm-like organisms have tiny eyes, "fur", antennae, multiple pairs of legs, and, slime glands. The group is thought to be related to arthropods. They prey on smaller animals such as insects, which they catch by squirting a sticky slime.

Fossils from the early Cambrian bear a striking resemblance to the velvet worms. These fossils, known as the lobopods, were marine. They were a clade from which arthropods, tardigrades, and Onychophora arose.<ref name="Cite doi|10.1038/nature13576"></ref> They are found in the Cambrian, Ordovician (possibly), Silurian, and Pennsylvanian periods.

Historically, all fossil Onychophora and lobopods were lumped into the taxon Xenusia. However, few of the Cambrian fossils have features that definitely unite them with the Onychophora. The exceptions are "Hallucigenia" and "Collinsium ciliosum", which have distinctly onychophoran-like claws.

Tardigrade

Tardigrades ('water bears') are microscopic, segmented animals. They live in water. They are members of the tactopod phylum Tardigrada, part of the superphylum Ecdysozoa. They are also known as water bears or moss piglets. 

Tardigrades were first described in 1773. Their name means "slow stepper". There are more than 1000 different species of tardigrade.

Tardigrades have a cylindrical shape with four segments, each with two legs. Each leg has little claws. The biggest adults may reach a body length of 1.2 mm, the smallest below 0.1 mm. Freshly hatched larvae may be smaller than 0.05 mm. Tardigrades feed on plant cells by penetrating the cell wall and eating what is inside. Some tardigrades are carnivores.

Tardigrades are eutelic: all adult tardigrades of the same species have the same number of cells. Some species have as many as 40,000 cells in each adult, while others have far fewer.

Tardigrades can be found in many habitats: in moss, freshwater, the Himalayas, and the ocean. They are one of the few animals that can be found on the highest mountains and the deepest seas. About 83% of the known species live on land, the other 17% live in water.

Tardigrades are able to live in environments that would kill most animals. 

In 2007, scientists discovered that some tardigrades were able to survive 10 days in outer space. This meant living in a vacuum with severe radiation. 

Tardigrades can survive more than ten years without water. Tardigrades can survive extreme temperatures. They can live for a few hours in temperatures close to absolute zero and above boiling point. They can survive a few minutes in temperatures as high as . Some tardigrades can survive being frozen for over 30 years.

Tardigrades can also survive radiation at hundreds of times a level that would be deadly to humans. They can also survive in toxic environments and during impact events.

In 2019, a lander with Tardigrades on board crashed on the moon. It is believed that the Tardigrades survived and could live for a few years on the moon.

The tardigrades slow their metabolism to survive these environments. Rotifers have a similar agility to survive. 

Bond (finance)

A bond is a contract between two parties (companies or government.)

Companies or governments issue bonds because they need to borrow large amounts of money. They issue bonds and investors buy them (so giving money to the people who issued the bond). 

Bonds have a maturity date. This means that at some point, the bond issuer has to pay back the money to the investors. They also have to pay the investors a bit more than they paid for the bond. Bonds are used when needed to keep the company running smoothly. It is protection if their stock drops drastically.

Bonds are usually traded through banks and other financial entities and are part of a financial instrument group called Fixed Income.
Banks and financial institutions offer loans on different terms against the security of assets.

Simply put, a bond is a receipt given by a government or organization as an agreement to borrow money from another organization which will be returned at a later date with certain amount of interest or increment.

Taki

Taki () is an Israeli game which is an expansion of Crazy Eights. It is made by Shafir games. The game's creator is Haim Shafir. The game takes about 20 minutes, is for 2-10 players, and is for ages 5 and up. It is very popular in Israel. It is similar to the American game Uno. 

The Taki cards consist of the colors red, blue, green, and yellow. The objective of the game is to get rid of all your cards before everyone else.

Scissor-tailed hummingbird

The scissor-tailed hummingbird ("Hylonympha macrocerca") is a species of hummingbird. It is found only in Venezuela. Its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. It was first listed as a vulnerable species by the IUCN. Research has shown it to be rarer than it was thought. Because of this, it was listed as "Endangered status" in 2008.

Greenish puffleg

The greenish puffleg ("Haplophaedia aureliae") is a species of hummingbird. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama. Its habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and fairly degraded former forests.


Yellow journalism

Yellow journalism or the yellow press is a type of journalism that does not report much real news with facts. It uses shocking headlines that catch people's attention to sell more newspapers. Yellow journalism might include exaggerating facts or spreading rumors.

Yellow press newspapers have several columns and front-page headlines about different types of news, such as sports and scandals. They use bold layouts (with large illustrations and perhaps color), and stories reported using unnamed sources. The term was often used to talk about some large New York City newspapers around 1900 as they fought to get more readers than the other newspapers.

In 1941, Frank Mott said that there were five things that made up yellow journalism:

The term came from the American Gilded Age of the 1890s when new technology made newspapers cheaper. Two newspaper owners in New York fought to get more readers and sell more newspapers than the other. These were Joseph Pulitzer with the "New York World" and William Randolph Hearst with the "New York Journal". The most important part of this fight was from 1895 to about 1898. When people talk about "yellow journalism" in history, they are often talking about these years.

Both papers were accused of sensationalizing the news (making it seem much more important than it really was) in order to sell more newspapers, although they did serious reporting as well. The "New York Press" used the term "Yellow Kid journalism" in early 1897 after a then-popular comic strip, to talk about the newspapers of Pulitzer and Hearst, which both published versions of it during a circulation war. Ervin Wardman, publisher of the "New York Herald" (which was not "yellow journalism") invented it.

Joseph Pulitzer bought the "New York World" in 1883 after making the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" the biggest daily newspaper in that city. Pulitzer tried to make the "New York World" fun to read, and filled his paper with pictures, games and contests that brought in new readers. Crime stories filled many of the pages, with headlines like "Was He a Suicide?" and "Screaming for Mercy." Also, Pulitzer only charged readers two cents per issue but gave readers eight and sometimes 12 pages of information (the only other two cent paper in the city was never longer than four pages).

While there were many sensational stories in the "New York World", they were by no means the only stories, or even the biggest ones. Pulitzer believed that newspapers were important and had a duty to make society better, and he tried to do this with his newspaper.

Just two years after Pulitzer took it over, the "World" sold more copies than any other newspaper in New York. Part of this was because he was connected to the Democratic Party. Older publishers, who were jealous of Pulitzer's success, began saying bad things about the "World". They talked about how he had crime stories and stunts but ignored its more serious reporting. Charles Anderson Dana|Charles Dana, editor of the "New York Sun", attacked "The World" and said Pulitzer was "deficient in judgment and in staying power."

William Randolph Hearst, a mining heir who bought the "San Francisco Examiner" from his father in 1887, noticed what Pulitzer was doing. Hearst read the "World" while studying at Harvard University. He decided to try to make the "Examiner" as bright as Pulitzer's paper. While he was in charge, the "Examiner" gave 24 percent of its space to crime, presenting the stories as morality plays, and put adultery and "nudity" (by 19th century standards) on the front page. A month after Hearst took over the paper, the "Examiner" ran this headline about a hotel fire:
HUNGRY, FRANTIC FLAMES. They Leap Madly Upon the Splendid Pleasure Palace by the Bay of Monterey, Encircling Del Monte in Their Ravenous Embrace From Pinnacle to Foundation. Leaping Higher, Higher, Higher, With Desperate Desire. Running Madly Riotous Through Cornice, Archway and Facade. Rushing in Upon the Trembling Guests with Savage Fury. Appalled and Panic-Striken the Breathless Fugitives Gaze Upon the Scene of Terror. The Magnificent Hotel and Its Rich Adornments Now a Smoldering heap of Ashes. The "Examiner" Sends a Special Train to Monterey to Gather Full Details of the Terrible Disaster. Arrival of the Unfortunate Victims on the Morning's Train — A History of Hotel del Monte — The Plans for Rebuilding the Celebrated Hostelry — Particulars and Supposed Origin of the Fire.

Hearst could be over the top in his crime coverage. One of his early stories, about a "band of murderers", attacked the police for forcing "Examiner" reporters to do their work for them. But while doing these things, the "Examiner" also increased its space for international news, and sent reporters out to uncover corruption and inefficiency in the city government. In one story, "Examiner" reporter Winifred Black went into a San Francisco hospital as a patient and discovered that the women there were treated with "gross cruelty". The entire hospital staff was fired the morning the story was printed.

With the "Examiner"' having success by the early 1890s, Hearst began looking for a New York newspaper to buy, and bought the "New York Journal" in 1895, a newspaper that sold for one penny which Pulitzer's brother Albert had sold to a Cincinnati publisher the year before.

After noticing what Pulitzer had done by keeping his newspaper at two cents, Hearst made the "Journal's" only cost one cent, while providing as much information as rival newspapers. This worked, and as the "Journal's" had 150,000 people subscribe to it, Pulitzer cut his price to a penny, hoping to make Hearst (who was subsidized by his family's fortune) run out of money. Hearst then hired many people who were working for "World" in 1896. While most sources say that Hearst simply offered more money, Pulitzer — who had grown more abusive to his employees — had become a very difficult man to work for, and many "World" employees were willing to switch newspapers just to get away from him.

Although the competition between the "World" and the "Journal" was fierce, the newspapers had a lot in common. Both were Democratic, both took the side of organized labor and immigrants (unlike publishers like the "New York Tribune's "Whitelaw Reid, who blamed their poverty on moral defects), and both spent a lot of money making their Sunday publications, which were like weekly magazines, going beyond just daily journalism.

Their Sunday entertainment features included the first color comic strip pages, and some think that the term yellow journalism originated there, while as noted above, the "New York Press" left the term it invented undefined. "Hogan's Alley," a comic strip about a bald child in a yellow nightshirt (nicknamed The Yellow Kid), became very popular when cartoonist Richard F. Outcault began drawing it in the "World" in early 1896. When Hearst hired Outcault away, Pulitzer asked artist George Luks to continue drawing the strip with his characters, giving the city two Yellow Kids. The use of "yellow journalism" as a term for over-the-top sensationalism in the U.S. apparently started with more serious newspapers commenting how far "the Yellow Kid papers" went.

Pulitzer and Hearst are often credited (or blamed) for drawing the nation into the Spanish-American War with their sensationalism. However, most of Americans did not live in New York City, and the decision makers who did live there probably read less sensationalist newspapers like the "Times," "The Sun" or the "Post." The most famous example of the exaggeration is the story, which probably is not actually true, that artist Frederic Remington sent Hearst a telegram to tell him that not much was going on in Cuba and "There will be no war." Hearst responded "Please remain. You furnish the pictures and I'll furnish the war." The story (a version of which appears in the Hearst-inspired Orson Welles film "Citizen Kane") first showed up in the memoirs of reporter James Creelman in 1901, and there is no other source for it.

But Hearst did want the United States to go to war after a rebellion broke out in Cuba in 1895. Stories about Cubans being good people and Spain treating Cuba badly soon showed up on his front page. While the stories were probably not very accurate, the newspaper readers of the 19th century did not expect, or necessarily want, his stories to be pure nonfiction. Historian Michael Robertson has said that "Newspaper reporters and readers of the 1890s were much less concerned with distinguishing among fact-based reporting, opinion and literature."

Pulitzer, although he did not have Hearst's resources, kept the story on his front page. The yellow press published a lot about the revolution (much of which was not quite true), but conditions on Cuba were bad enough. The island was in a bad economic depression, and Spanish general Valeriano Weyler, sent to crush the rebellion, herded Cuban peasants into concentration camps leading hundreds of Cubans to their deaths. Having fought for a fight for two years, Hearst took credit for the conflict when it came: A week after the United States declared war on Spain, he ran "How do you like the "Journal's" war?" on his front page. In fact, President William McKinley never read the "Journal", and newspapers like the "Tribune" and the "New York Evening Post". Also, journalism historians have noted that yellow journalism mostly only happened in New York City, and that newspapers in the rest of the country did not do it. The "Journal" and the "World" were not among the top ten sources of news in regional papers, and their stories did not catch people's attention outside New York City.

Hearst sailed to Cuba, when the invasion began, as a war correspondent, providing sober and accurate accounts of the fighting. Creelman later praised the work of the reporters for writing about how Spain treated Cuba, arguing, " no true history of the war . . . can be written without an acknowledgment that whatever of justice and freedom and progress was accomplished by the Spanish-American war was due to the enterprise and tenacity of "yellow journalists," many of whom lie in unremembered graves."

Hearst was a well-known Democrat who promoted William Jennings Bryan for president in 1896 and 1900 (Bryan did not win either election). He later ran for mayor and governor and even tried to get nominated for president, but his reputation was hurt in 1901 after columnist Ambrose Bierce and editor Arthur Brisbane published separate columns months apart that suggested that President William McKinley be assassinated. When McKinley was shot on September 6, 1901, critics accused Hearst's Yellow Journalism of driving Leon Czolgosz to the deed. Hearst did not know of Bierce's column and claimed to have pulled Brisbane's after it ran in a first edition, but the incident would haunt him for the rest of his life and all but destroyed his dream to be president.

Pulitzer, haunted by what had happened," returned the "World" to its crusading roots in the new century . By the time of his death in 1911, the "World" was a widely-respected publication, and would remain a leading progressive paper until its demise in 1931.




Lavatory – Lovestory

Lavatory – Lovestory is a short movie that is about a lavatory attendant that finds a bunch of flowers in her tip jar (a tin where customers give her money as a reward for a good job). The movie was nominated for an Academy Award in the 81st Annual Academy Awards and won many awards at movie festivals.

University of Notre Dame

The University of Notre Dame (or simply Notre Dame) is a private Catholic university near South Bend, Indiana. It was founded in 1842 by Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of Holy Cross. Sorin was also the school's first president. In the beginning, it was an all-male school. In 1972 females were admitted. The university has five colleges and one professional school. Notre Dame offers master's degrees and doctoral degrees. The university's undergraduates live on campus in single-gendered residence halls. Alumni are located around the world. The school's athletic teams are known as the Fighting Irish.



Campus

A campus is land where a college or university buildings are placed. Campuses can have libraries, lecture halls, and parks. Campuses can consist of both academic ("school and studying-related") buildings and non-academic buildings.

Pleasant Grove Township, Des Moines County, Iowa

Pleasant Grove Township is a township in the County of Des Moines in Iowa. The population was 442 in 2020, with 213 males and 229 females.





Blocked

Blocked is a puzzle game for the iPhone and iPod Touch. 

The player has to move around gray blocks until a blue rock is free and the blocks can only go left and right or up and down. The game has many challenges and levels. There are five difficulty levels in Blocked: easy, medium, hard, harder, and hardest.

Oliver Goldsmith

Oliver Goldsmith (10 November 1730 – 4 April 1774) was a writer, poet, and physician famous for his novel, ""(1776). His first successful literary work was "The Traveller" (1764), a poem about British rule. Like Jonathan Swift, Goldsmith society, but he did not use satire like Swift. Goldsmith's greatest poem, "The Deserted Village" (1770), was a sad poem about how country life was being destroyed by landowners. The same theme is inside "The Vicar of Wakefield". Goldsmith's biggest work at that time was a collection of soft-satire essays on English life seen by an imaginary Chinese visitor. He also wrote two plays, "The Good Natured Man" (1768), and "She Stoops to Conquer" (1773).(He is also thought to have written the classic children's story, "The History of Little Goody Two-Shoes".)

It is not known for sure when he was born. Most people now think that he was born in 10 November 1730. He was the second son of Charles Goldsmith, curate of Kilkenny West in West Meath in Ireland. In 1745 he went to Trinity College Dublin. He quickly spent all his money by gambling, which he became to. After spending some time at the Universities of Edinburgh and Leyden he spent 1755 – 1756 travelling in Europe, where it is said that he lived by playing the flute. Before starting to write he worked in London as a doctor's helper, a doctor, and a school . He died in 1774 and was buried in Temple Church.


Sea spider

Sea spiders are marine arthropods of the class Pycnogonida. 

There are about 1,300 species of sea spiders, which are found around the world. Sea spiders are found in all oceans, including the Mediterranean Sea, Caribbean Sea, and the Arctic Ocean. Species found in coastal waters are usually small and have a leg span of about 1 inch (2.5 cm), those living at great depths, up to 24 inches (60 cm).

Sea spiders are not true spiders, or even arachnids. Their traditional classification as chelicerates would put them closer to true spiders than to other well-known arthropod groups, such as insects or crustaceans. 

However, recent genetic evidence suggests they may be an ancient sister group to all other living arthropods.

The sea spider has a small, narrow body. It usually has four pairs of long, thin legs attached to the abdomen. Attached to the head there are usually three other pairs of appendages—a pair called chelicerae, used for grasping food; a pair of sensory projections called palps; and a pair of egg-carrying legs (sometimes underdeveloped or absent in the female). The female lays round masses of eggs on the egg-carrying legs of the male, which carries the eggs until they hatch.

On top of its head, the sea spider has a knobby projection bearing two, three, or four simple eyes. The head ends in a snout with a sucking mouth. Sea spiders feed by sucking the body juices of such marine animals as sea anemones, sponges, and sea squirts.

Caving

Caving (or spelunking) is the hobby of exploring caves. People who explore caves are called spelunkers.

Wise spelunkers explore in groups, to prevent being lost or stranded in a cave. Spelunkers need reliable equipment, because the descent into a cave is like mountain climbing in the opposite direction. Basic spelunking equipment is similar to what mountain climbers use. Strong ropes make climbing possible and special tools attach ropes to cave walls. Special footwear makes it easier to explore hard-to-reach places, and hard hats protect spelunkers from falling rocks above. Caves are extremely dark, so spelunkers have to carry light sources (like torches and flares). One torch attaches to a spelunker's helmet so it is with him or her at all times. Caves are also very cold, so most spelunkers wear warm clothing.

Spelunkers tie their ropes with different kinds of knots, like the "farmer's hitch knot" and the "alpine butterfly knot". Spelunkers choose different knots for different purposes. Some knots work well to hold people as they climb. Other knots are best for tying ropes together.

Caving today has become a hobby for many different reasons. Some cavers are interested in conservation. Others are interested in gathering hard data about caves (called speleology). Geologists explore caves for the purpose of learning about the formation of rocks. But, for most of the rest, the purpose of caving is just to have fun.

Caves can generally be explored during any season of the year. Most caves remain at the same temperature all year round. The common rules of thumb apply:


Poygan, Wisconsin

Poygan is a town in Winnebago County of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 1,037 people were living in Poygan as of the 2000 census. Poygan has a total area of 41.9 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Winnebago County, Wisconsin

Winnebago County is a county of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. At the 2020 census, 171,730 people were living in Winnebago County. The county seat of Winnebago County is Oshkosh.

Winnebago County has an area of , says the U.S. Census Bureau.


The following is a list of cities, villages, and towns found in Winnebago County:



Chiton

Chitons are primitive marine molluscs in the class Polyplacophora (formerly the class Amphineura). There are 900 to 1,000 living species of chitons. The size ranges from 0.5 to 30 cm in length. most are quite small. All the living species are in the subclass Neoloricata and so may be called loricates Popular names are sea cradles or coat of mail shells They have a single shell that sticks to rocks, like a limpet. The shell is made of 8 hard plates that fit tightly together, overlapping one another. The shell plates are surrounded by a structure known as a girdle.

Polyplacophora means "many plates". The plates refer to the shell, which is made of aragonite, a calcium carbonate mineral. The shell is quite flexible, and the chiton can even roll into a ball. The chiton has eight plates, and underneath the plates is a muscular foot that moves the chiton over rocks and other structures, both in and out of the water. It also has a tongue-shaped structure called the radula, which has many rows of 17 teeth each. Some use it to scrape algae off rocks, while others are carnivorous, catching tiny zooplankton and other small animals that live in shallow water.

Chitons can be less than an inch long, or up to a foot long. They come in many different colors: black, red, pink, and even blue. The shell might be shiny or dull, or smooth, hairy, scaly, or spiny depending on the species.

If a chiton was picked up and turned over, there would be no eyes, legs, or arms. There would only be a wide foot with a radula that it uses for scraping surfaces. Its mantle is right under the shell, with the lowest part of the mantle coming out under the edge of the shell to help its foot grip the surfaces on which it clings or slides along. The part of the mantle which sticks out is called the "girdle". Like the moon snail, the girdle may extend out over the bottom part of the shell covering the bottom half of the chiton.

Most chitons are "nocturnal", so they feed at night, and hide under rocks during the day. Their main habitat is the intertidal zone. They live on hard surfaces, such as on or under rocks, or in rock crevices. Some species live quite high in the intertidal zone and are exposed to the air and light for long periods. Others live below the tide. A few species live in deep water, as deep as 6,000 m (about 20,000 ft).

Chitons have a relatively good fossil record, stretching back 400 million years to the Devonian. Before this, some organisms have been interpreted (tentatively) as stem-group polyplacophora; the record of polyplacophora stretches back to the Upper Cambrian.

"Kimberella" and "Wiwaxia " of the Precambrian and Cambrian may be related to ancestral polyplacophora. "Matthevia" is a late Cambrian polyplacophoran preserved as individual pointed valves, and sometimes considered to be a chiton. The polyplacophorans may have formed when an aberrant monoplacophoran was born with multiple centres of calcification, rather than the usual one. Selection acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armour. Their original cones are homologous with the tips of the plates of modern chitons.


Sand dollar

The Sand dollars are species of flattened, burrowing sea urchins belonging to the order Clypeasteroida. "Echinarachnius parma", the Common Sand Dollar, is widespread in the Northern Hemisphere, from the intertidal zone to considerable depths. Sand dollars can be found in temperate and tropical zones, but not in Great Britain.

All sand dollars have a rigid skeleton known as a "test". This is the typical white disk found washed up on beaches. The living animals have a skin of movable spines on the test. Movement is done by the action of the spines. Like other sea urchins, sand dollars have five paired rows of pores. The pores are arranged in a petal-like pattern. These pores are perforations in the endoskeleton through which the tube feet, used in gas exchange, project from the body.

Living sand dollars have small spines covering its entire body. They are softer and much shorter than those of the sea urchin. Like all echinoderms, sand dollars have tube feet. They are not used to move around, but simply to breathe. The sand dollar's tube feet actually stick out of the top of the sand dollar. On a sand dollar test, there is usually a pattern that looks like the petals of a flower. That pattern is made up of many tiny holes, and it is through these holes that the sand dollar's tube feet came out when it was alive.

A sand dollar uses its tiny spines to move around, and to dig into the sand. It often does this to bury itself in the sand. Sometimes, a sand dollar will only partially bury itself in the sand, and ends up poking up from the sand, standing on its side.

On the underside of a sand dollar, there is a star pattern spreading out from the center where the mouth is. This star pattern is made up of grooves that are called "food grooves". Sand dollars filter sand and water, catching plankton and other things on their spines. Then, with cilia, the spines move the food into a food groove, and the food travels down the food groove to the mouth. Its food consists of crustacean larvae, small copepods, diatoms, algae and detritus.

The sand dollars are the most specialised sea urchins. All their features are adaptations for burrowing. They live just beneath the sand, either flat or at an angle. At an angle they keep the edge facing the oncoming currents, presumably to catch food. This excellent habitat has been taken up by other groups of sea urchins. The heart urchins, another order, are even more effective in burrowing. Sand dollars can live for up to 10 years.

In 2008, biologists discovered that sand dollar larvae will clone themselves for a few different reasons. When a predator is near, certain species of sand dollar larvae will split themselves in half in a process they use to asexually clone themselves when they sense danger. The cloning process can take up to 24 hours and creates larvae that are 2/3 smaller than their original size which can help conceal them from the predator. The larvae of these sand dollars clone themselves when they sense dissolved mucus from a predatory fish. The larvae exposed to this mucus from the predatory fish respond to the threat by cloning themselves. This process doubles their population and halves their size which allows them to better escape detection by the predatory fish but may make them more vulnerable to attacks from smaller predators like crustaceans. Sand dollars will also clone themselves during normal asexual reproduction. Larvae will undergo this process when food is plentiful or temperature conditions are optimal. Cloning may also occur to make use of the tissues that are normally lost during metamorphosis.

Most living sand dollars have dark colours, like brown or purple. Their darker color helps them stay camouflaged, easily hiding in the sand or mud or on the sea floor. The tests of sand dollars do not have bristles and tube feet, and because of the sun, they usually become bleached white.


Hyperbolic trajectory

In astrodynamics, a hyperbolic trajectory (which is also an escape trajectory) refers to an object (such as an asteroid) which follows a path similar to a hyperbola around a central object. This motion follows Kepler's Laws. A hyperbolic trajectory occurs when the eccentricity of its orbit is greater than 1.

Other types of motion in astronomy include circular orbit, elliptical orbit, and parabolic trajectory.

Goole (disambiguation)

Goole can be any of the following:

Babcock, Wisconsin

Babcock is an unincorporated community in Wood County of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The ZIP code of Babcock is 54413.

Green County, Wisconsin

Green County is a county that is found in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. At the 2020 census, 37,093 people lived in Green County. The county seat of Green County is Monroe.

Green County has an area of 585 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.


The following is a list of the cities, towns, villages, and unincorporated communities that are found in Green County:



Kefalonia

Kefalonia (and Kephalonia or Cephalonia) is a Greek island in the Ionian Sea. It is the largest of the Ionian islands and the sixth largest Greek island after Crete, Euboea, Lesbos, Rhodes and Chios. Its area is 781 square metres and its population is 36,404 according to a 2001 Greek census.

Kefalonia is home to the highest mountain in the Ionian islands. The mountain is named Ainos and its altitude is 1, 628 metres. The biggest town on the island is Argostoli which is the capital of the Kefalonia prefecture. The second biggest town is Lixouri which is located opposite Argostoli. Beside Kefalonia is the island Ithaca, the place of birth of ancient hero Odysseus. Some archaeologists believe that Kefalonia is the place of birth of Odysseus.

Kefalonia has many beautiful beaches and it is one of the most popular tourist destinations. The most popular beach on the island is Myrtos which is located in the north-west of the island. Kefalonia hosts a truly beautiful natural environment with many forests mainly on Ainos mountain. Also in Kefalonia there is a famous cave-lake which is named Melissani and is located in the east of the island 

Tommy Lee

Tommy Lee (born October 3, 1962) is an American musician and drummer for the band Mötley Crüe. In 1999 he started a band called Methods of Mayhem. They have released two albums. He has also released two solo albums.

He was married to Pamela Anderson from 1995 until they divorced in 1998. They had two sons, Brandon and Dylan. He is a proud dog lover and owns 10 miniature chihuahuas.

Billy Bishop

William Avery "Billy" Bishop (8 February 1894 – 11 September 1956) V.C. was a Canadian flying ace from World War I. He won 72 fights, making him the top Canadian flying ace.In 1919 Bishop was photographed with Canadian Ace William George Barker V.C.

2050s

The 2050s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2050, and end on December 31, 2059. It is distinct from the decade known as the 206th decade which will begin on January 1, 2051 and end on December 31, 2060.



Kim Mitchell

Joseph Kim Mitchell (born July 10, 1952) is a Canadian guitarist. Mitchell was the singer and guitarist for the band Max Webster and now hosts a radio show for CILQ-FM (Q107) in Toronto.


Ot en Sien

Ot en Sien (Ot and Sien) are two little children who appear in a series of stories which were written in the Dutch language more than a hundred years ago. Ot (short for “Otto”) is a little boy and Sien (pronounced like the English word “seen”), whose name may be short for “Francine”, is the little girl who lives next door. Although they are now very old-fashioned, the books are still popular in Holland. They were written in rhyme and were illustrated with colourful pictures.

The author of the stories was called Hendricus Scheepstra. The ideas for the stories were given to him by Jan Ligthart. Cornelis Jetses made the illustrations.

The stories are set in Drenthe, which is in the north-eastern part of the Netherlands. Drenthe was a very poor part of the country, but Ot and Sien live in a nice house and are quite well-off. They are often seen playing in the garden with their toys which include a wooden horse on wheels and a doll in a dolly’s pushchair. The cat is often in the picture. They are also seen at school.

The authors wrote the stories to show a happy family life. Everyone is very friendly in the book, and strangers help them when they get lost in the street. The family have a servant who helps in the house.

The stories were widely read by children in schools in the Netherlands until after the Second World War. By then they had become very old-fashioned. The daily life of Ot and Sien seemed to belong to a time long ago in history. Hardly any Dutch children now live in a family with a servant. No Dutch child nowadays goes for a walk dressed in sailor’s costume with a father who wears a cloak and hat. The books are no longer read in schools, but they continue to be popular with Dutch people at home. In 2004, one hundred years after the first book was written, a special exhibition about Ot and Sien was held.

There is a statue to Ot and Sien in The Hague, made in 1930.

In the Dutch language there are expressions which refer to Ot and Sien.

Pulaski, Wisconsin

Pulaski is a village in the Brown, Oconto, and Shawano counties of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 3,060 people were living in Pulaski as of the 2000 census. The parts of Pulaski that are in the Oconto and Brown Counties are part of the Green Bay metropolitan area. Pulaski has an area of 2.5 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.


Norah Jones

Norah Jones (born March 30, 1979) is an American singer and pianist. Her first album, "Come Away with Me" was released in 2002. It was a mix of contemporary jazz, folk, and country music. The album won five Grammy Awards in 2003. She released her second album, "Feels Like Home" in 2004, which sold over a million copies in its first week of its release. "Sunrise" won Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2005 Grammy Awards. Her third album, "Not Too Late" was released in 2007. That year Jones also acted in a movie for the first time. The movie, "Blueberry Nights", had a song by Jones on its soundtrack. In 2009, "The Fall" was released. According to Billboard, Jones is the 60th highest-selling artist of the 2000s. In 2011 Jones sung on Seth MacFarlane's first album. Jones' fifth album "Little Broken Hearts" was released in 2012. It was produced by Danger Mouse. On November 25, 2013, an album Jones made with Billie Joe Armstrong called "Foreverly" was released.

Jones was born Geetali Norah Jones Shankar in 1979 in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York, to Indian sitar player Ravi Shankar and American concert producer Sue Jones. When Jones was sixteen she changed her name to Norah Jones.



Exhibition

An exhibition is an organized event in which a collection of special objects can be viewed by the public. The objects are often brought together from many places for the period of the exhibition. The objects on show are called exhibits.

Museums often organize special exhibitions, such as paintings by a famous painter. These paintings will mostly be “on loan”, i.e. specially borrowed from other museums. Exhibitions can be about anything. They may be to do with art, or they can also be science exhibitions.

Some exhibitions show things which can be bought. Firms exhibit the things they have made, hoping to encourage business. These exhibitions are called trade fairs. They are sometimes called expositions or expos. They may be open to the public, but others are just for invited business people.


Come Away with Me

Come Away with Me is the first album by American jazz singer Norah Jones. It was released on February 26, 2002 on Blue Note Records. The main genre is considered contemporary jazz. The album is actually contemporary jazz with some country, folk music, and pop. Some jazz musicians do not think that the album is actually jazz, because of the changes Norah Jones made to some of the jazz songs she covered.

"Come Away with Me" reached number 1 on the Billboard 200 chart and won eight Grammy Awards. It sold over 10 million copies in the first three years of its release. It is Norah Jones' best-selling album, and the best-selling jazz album of all time.

Grammy Awards

Ruben Bierer

Ruben Bierer (Dr. "Rubin Bierer", often: "Reuben Bierer"; born about 1845 in Lviv; died 1931, Lviv) was a doctor in Sofia and one of the first pioneers of the Jewish nationalism and one of the first active Zionists in Galicia and Bulgaria, adherent of Hovevei Zion in Galicia, Austria and Bulgaria.

In 1867 he was in Lviv a co-founder of the first Jewish-political association of Austria-Hungary, "Shomer Israel". As an opponent against Polish assimilation of the Jews he established for the 1873 elections of the Reichsrat a Jewish-ruthenian electoral alliance. In 1879 he separated from the "Shomer Israel" and went to Vienna for the purpose of medical studies where he – together with Peretz Smolenskin – found the Jewish-political association "Ahavath Zion" (for the reason of colonisation of the holy land).

In 1882 he was a cofounder of the Viennese "Kadima" Studentenverbindung. In 1883 he returned to Lviv where he founded the first Jewish-national association of the Austrian east, "Miqra Kodesh".

In 1885 he went to Serbia, in 1900 he returned to Lviv where he successless tried to reactivate the "Shomer Israel". 

Nathan Birnbaum coined the word Zionism about the year 1890. But he is not the creator of this word, it was already in use, e.g. you can find in a letter of Ruben Bierer from the 9th December 1888 the expression "Zionist brother's greeting". The word "Zionist" is found already in the year 1877 in an Roumanian written pamphlet (annual report of the order "Zion" in Bucharest). 

Hezekiah

Hezekiah (meaning God will strengthen) or Ḥizqiyyāhu (Hebrew), also translated as Ḥizkiyyahu (and sometimes as Ezekias (Greek), Khizkiyahu, Yəḥizqiyyāhu, Y'khizkiyahu), was a king of Judah that appears in the book of 2 Chronicles, chapters 18 to 32, and the book of 2 Kings chapters 18 to 20. He was one of the few kings who is compared favorably with David, and is unique for his trust in the Lord: "There was no one like him among all the kings of Judah, either before him or after him. He held fast to the LORD and did not cease (stop) to follow him" (NIV).

Hezekiah was the son of Judah's King Ahaz, and is best known for turning his people away from the sins of his father Ahaz, restoring worship in the temple, and having his life made 15 years longer. The Book of 2 Chronicles tells more about Hezekiah than any other king after Solomon, and suggests that he is a "second Solomon" in his celebration of the Passover, his wealth, his honor, and his land.

Toward the end of his reign, he became very sick and close to death. He prayed to the Lord, who healed him miraculously. The king of Babylon heard about it and sent men with a letter and gift to Hezekiah. Because Hezekiah was proud of his riches, he showed all of his treasures to the visitors. The prophet Isaiah predicted that it all would later be taken by the Babylonians. His prediction came true.


Tine Thing Helseth

Tine Thing Helseth (Norwegian:ˈtiːnɛ tɪŋ hɛlsɛt; born 1987 in Oslo) is a Norwegian trumpet soloist who specialises in playing classical music.

Helseth began playing trumpet when she was seven years old and stuides at the Barratt Due Institute of Music in Oslo. She has studied under both Heidi Johanessen (a member of the Norwegian National Opera Orchestra) and, since 2002, Arnulf Naur Nilsen (member of the Oslo Philharmonic).


Helseth has played concerts with such orchestras as the Wiener Symphoniker, Beethoven Academie, Capella Cracowiensis, The Norwegian Chamber Orchestra, Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, Slovenian Radio Symphony Ljubljana, Oslo Camerata, Camerata Nordica, Württemberg Philharmonic, the Trondheim Soloists, Norwegian symphony orchestras, Norwegian Army bands and other brass and wind groups.

She has appeared at many different music festivals, including the Bergen International Festival, Kissinger Summer Festival and Usedomer Music Festival.

She performed at the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize Concert and is the leader of an all-female brass group, tenThing.

Helseth has put out two CDs. Her self-titled debut album was released January 1, 2007 and contained the trumpet concertos of both Johann Nepomuk Hummel and Josef Haydn. Her second album was released November 23, 2009 and contains musical works by Gustav Holst, Georg Friedrich Händel and J.S. Bach.


White-eared hummingbird

The white-eared hummingbird, ("Basilinna leucotis"), is a species hummingbird. It is 9-10 cm long, and weighs about 3-4 grams. Adults are colored green on their upperparts and breast. The undertail is white. The tail is darkly colored and straight. The most non-normal thing is the white eyestripe found in both males and females. It is more boldly colored in the male. The bill of the male is straight and very thin. It is red in coloration, and shows a black tip. His throat is a "metallic torquoise green." His crown and face is violet and black.



Usher (musician)

Usher Raymond IV (born October 14, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter and dancer. He became well known in the late 1990s with the release of his second album "My Way" (1997). The album's single "Nice & Slow" reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. In 2000, "My Way" was given a 6x platinum certification by the RIAA for sales of 6 million copies in the United States alone. His next album, "8701", released two number one singles. These include "U Remind Me" and "U Got It Bad". "8701" was given a 4× Platinum certification by the RIAA in July 2002.

"Confessions" (2004) sold over 10 million copies in the United States. It was given a Diamond award by the RIAA in 2008. At 1.1 million, "Confessions" has the highest first week sales for an R&B singer in history. The album had four number one "Billboard" singles. These include "Yeah!", "Burn", "Confessions Part II", and "My Boo". Usher's next album, "Here I Stand" (2008), sold over 5 million copies worldwide. The lead single, "Love in This Club" reached number one on the Hot 100 chart.

Two years later, Usher released his sixth album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). It became his third album to debut at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It was then certified platinum by the RIAA. Its single "OMG" reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Usher's ninth number one single in the United States. Because of this, he became the first 2010s artist to have number one singles in three consecutive decades (1990s, 2000s, and 2010s). "Versus" (2010) was released as an extended play and a deluxe edition of "Raymond v. Raymond". It debuted at number four on the "Billboard" 200 chart. "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love", a single from the album, reached number four on the Hot 100 chart.

According to RIAA, Usher is one of the best-selling artists in American music history. He has sold over 23 million albums in the United States alone and over 65 million albums worldwide. This makes him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. Usher has won a lot of awards. These include eight Grammy Awards. According to "Billboard" in 2009, Usher was named the number one Hot 100 artist of the 2000s. While they ranked him second for the most successful artist of the 2000s. His 2004 album "Confessions" was ranked at the top solo album of the 2000s. "Billboard" also placed Usher at number six on their list of Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artist of the Past 25 Years. Usher has nine Hot 100 number one songs (as lead artist). He also has eighteen Hot 100 top-ten songs.

Usher was the halftime performer for Super Bowl 58 on February 11, 2024. His show featured guest performances from Jermaine Dupri, Alicia Keys, Lil Jon, Ludacris, H.E.R., and will.i.am.
Usher’s halftime show broke records.



Oriental magpie

The Oriental magpie ("Pica sericea") is a species of magpie found in East Asia. It is a common symbol of Korea, and has been adopted as the "official bird" of many South Korean cities and counties.

It is similar to the Eurasian magpie, with a shorter tail and longer wings. It has black and purple colors, but very little green. The Oriental magpie has the same chattering call as Eurasian magpies, though it is much softer.

Koreans believed that magpies delivered good news, and when they saw a magpie chattering, they believed that visitors were coming.The most famous painting related to a magpie is the one with striped tiger (ggach'i wha horangi minhwa, ): the magpie is chirping to a tiger. The magpie represented good news and the tiger symbolized good luck, since its pronunciation in Chinese sounds similar to good luck (bok). There are many folktales about magpies.

The Chinese called magpies "Birds of Joy" or "Happy Magpies". Under the Manchu dynasty it also represented imperial rule: a few Manchu people in Northeast China even thought they were gods. In the west, though, magpies were often a symbol of pride.

Left-handedness

Left-handedness is a preference to use the left hand more than the right hand for daily activities such as writing or using tools. Most people can use either hand for many things. However, people very often have a definite preference for using the left or right hand for things such as: using a pen, using a knife, using scissors, brushing teeth, blowing their nose, and so on. People who do not have a preference are called ambidextrous.

People do not just have preferences with things they do with their hands: they may, for example, be left-footed if they prefer to kick a ball with the left foot, or push harder with the left foot on a bicycle pedal.

Far more people are right handed than left handed. It is difficult to measure exactly how many, because each person has a different mixture of preferences, but about 510% are left-handed.

Because left-handed people are different from most others, being left-handed has often been thought of as bad. For many years, right-handedness was seen as "normal" and left-handedness as "not normal". In Hebrew, as well as in other ancient Semitic and Mesopotamian languages, the word "left" was a symbol of power. In many European languages, "right" means “correct” (the opposite of “wrong”). In law the word “right” means authority and justice: in a democracy, everyone has certain “rights". In Russian and other Slavic languages "prav" is used in words meaning “correct” or “truth”. Someone who is skilled with their hands is called “dexterous”. But "left" often means “awkward” in many languages. In French “gauche” also means “clumsy”. In English, the word “sinister” (which comes from the Latin word for “left”, "sinistra") means “evil”. We also say that someone has “two left feet” meaning that they are clumsy with their feet (for example they may step on their partner's toes when dancing).

Sometimes people who are left-handed are called many different things, “Southpaws”, "Lefties", and other simply mean names, like "Weird" or "Strange".

Things that are designed by right-handed people can cause problems for left-handed ones. These include guns, cameras, screws and in recent years the computer mouse and the iPhone. Many objects are sold in left-handed versions, which are often more expensive than the right-handed versions. Some items such as a computer mouse can be designed for right handed people but still be used by left handed people and in some cases may even be an improvement for right handed users.

Scissors, especially, cause left-handed people some trouble. Most scissors are made for right-handed people. Because they are designed this way, if a person tries to cut something while holding the scissors in their left hand, they cannot see the edge they are cutting. The way the cutting action works is also designed for right-handers, and left-handed people tend to force the blades open instead of cutting cleanly. Even though some scissors say that they can be used by both left and right-handed people, these scissors only have their handles changed. They are still right-handed scissors and still cause the same issues.

It can be difficult for left-handed children to learn to write if the teacher does not give them special help. The reason for this is that most writing moves from left to right across the page. This means that left-handed writers may hold their hand over what has just been written.

In many countries, children are allowed to write with whichever hand is easier, although there are some countries where children may be made to write with the right hand. Many things can be difficult for left-handed writers. Chairs with writing boards may all be made for right-handed people. This makes left-handed people sit uncomfortably and hold their pens in an different way.

It may be curious that Arabic is written from right to left, but we have to remember that ancient writing was not done on paper. Paleo-Hebrew was right to left as a written language. Arabic, Hebrew, Persian, Pashto, Urdu and Sindhi are the most widespread RTL writing systems today. Perhaps the writing tool originally used made this easier than modern pens. Some scripts (Chinese, Japanese) can be written vertically, although usually they are written horizontally.

Recent research has shown that it can be an advantage for animals, and for humans to be left-handed. Being able to do things differently from most people can be a great help in many sports, such as tennis or fighting with swords. Left-handed people from Norse settlements in Ireland in the 10th Century were more favoured than right-handed people as they had the advantage of swinging with their left hand as they were on a horse or running down the stairs of a castle in attack or defence. 
In tennis, left-handed players hold the racket in their left hand. Because of this, their grip of the handle is supposedly adjusted in a slightly different style from right-handed players. Some world champion tennis players that have played with their left hand include Rod Laver, Jimmy Connors, Guillermo Vilas, John McEnroe, Martina Navratilova, and Rafael Nadal.


Cumulus cloud

Cumulus clouds are white clouds that are dense and large. They are known to look like cauliflower. Mostly, you can see easily that cumulus clouds have flat bottoms but the tops are always changing shape. 

Seeing a cumulus cloud means that the air is well mixed by up and down vertical drafts. When a cumulus cloud grows into a thunderstorm, the cloud is called a cumulonimbus cloud. This is a sign that the air is rising to the stratosphere.


Alyosha Karamazov

Alexei Fyodorovich Karamazov is the "hero" of Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel, "The Brothers Karamazov". He is also called Alyosha, Alyoshka, Alyoshenka, Alyoshechka, Alexeichik, Lyosha, and Lyoshenka. He is the youngest of the Karamazov brothers, being "then only twenty (his brother Ivan was twenty-three and their older brother, Dmitry, twenty-seven)". The author's preface and first chapters declare that he is the novel's hero.

Alyosha is physically described as:

His personality is remarkably unselfish, extremely mature in his religious faith, sensitive to other people's feelings, and loving - "he certainly loved people: throughout his life he seemed to believe in people and to trust them, and yet no one ever thought him simple-minded or naive. There was something in him (and it stayed with him all his life) that made people realize that he refused to sit in judgment on others, that he felt he had no right to, and that, whatever happened, he would never condemn anyone." He passes on the influence of Zosima to the "younger generation" (the schoolboys) of the town. Even with all his kind goodness, he has a gentle personality that makes almost everybody love him and feel comfortable around him. Proud young Kolya Krasotkin says that the best thing about Alyosha is that he treats him like "an equal".

Anna-Theresa Tymieniecka says that Alyosha, like Prince Myshkin, the protagonist in another Dostoevsky novel, "The Idiot", are almost Jesus-like characters, who are, however, unable to stop the greatest suffering of those around them. She suggests that Alyosha is too calm, and does not do much action in the events of the novel.

Rufus W. Mathewson, however, argues that Alyosha Karamazov is a more successful positive hero than Prince Myshkin. He argues that Alyosha's most impressive success as helping Dmitri. He describes Alyosha as using forgiveness, kindness and natural justice, rather than trying to change people.

It is probable that Dostoevsky used his friend Vladimir Solovyov's character for Alyosha. Vladimir Solovyov was a Russian poet and philosopher who was very generous, even giving away his clothes to people in the street.

Stratus cloud

Stratus clouds are low altitude gray clouds that make a flat base. The name comes from the Latin word "stratus", which means to "stretch" or "extend." You can see stratus clouds as thick cloud blankets near the sea. They are sometimes called "high fogs". Light rain and drizzle often fall from stratus clouds. When rain falls from stratus clouds they are mostly called nimbostratus The name derives from the Latin word "nimbus" = rain, and "stratus" = spread out. 

Pliosaur

The pliosaurs were a group of large marine plesiosaur reptiles. They lived in the Mesozoic era (later Jurassic period). They had short necks and large heads, with large hind flippers. Their sizes ranged from two to 15 metres. They were predators of large fish and other marine reptiles.

The first specimen was found by Mary Anning, on the Jurassic Coast of Lyme Regis, England, in the 1820s. Many of her finds are on display in the Natural History Museum, London.

Their body shape suggests they swam and ate under water. It was suggested by D.M.S. Watson that plesiosaurs fell into two groups. The pliosaurs were large predators which ate large prey in deep water. The other plesiosaurs were long-necked with smaller heads. Their method was as surface swimmers, mostly eating with their head above water, darting down to snatch smaller fish which were feeding on plankton.


Ball lightning

Ball lightning is a glowing ball of lightning that sometimes appears in a thunderstorm, but usually lasts much longer than lightning. Scientists do not understand ball lightning very well, and some even do not think ball lightning is real, because it is so strange. However, it has been widely reported in weather journals by many trustworthy people. So, it is very possible that it is real.

Those who have seen it say it's the size of a grapefruit or basketball; it has even been said to be as big as a car. The glowing ball is either red, orange, or yellow. A few people have seen it falling from clouds. Sometimes, ball lightning floats or glides just above the ground for a few seconds, or it can roll on the surface of an object. Hissing noises come from the fiery orb. Some have even thought it was a UFO. Ball lightning sometimes explodes loudly, while other times it just quietly disappears. It has been known to smash or simply go through windows, hopping and sizzling across the floor, and then disappear into things like TVs or up the chimney. Some say that ball lightning can kill humans, while others say that its effect on humans are harmless.

Many people are said to have seen ball lightning. Ebenezer Cobham Brewer wrote about "globular lightning", saying they may fall to the ground or explode like a cannon. Laura Ingalls Wilder writes in her book about ball lightning, saying that when she was little, she saw balls of light, which her mother chased away with a broom. 

Czar Nicholas II, Russia's last emperor, said he had seen ball lightning:


Sauropterygia

The Sauropterygia was a superorder of successful aquatic reptiles that flourished during the Mesozoic era. They are united by an adaptation of their shoulder, designed to support powerful paddle strokes. Some later sauropterygians like the pliosaurs developed a similar mechanism in their pelvis.

The earliest sauropterygians appeared about 245 million years ago, at the start of the Triassic period. At first they were small, less than a metre. They were semi-aquatic lizard-like animals with long limbs (called pachypleurosaurs). They developed into a group called the nothosaurs, several meters long. The sauropterygians included another very distinctive group: the placodonts. They were bottom-feeders on shellfish, and possessed flat, crushing teeth to handle their prey.

The end-Triassic extinction event wiped them all out except for the plesiosaurs. During the earliest Jurassic these diversified quickly into the long-necked small-headed plesiosaurs proper, and short-necked large-headed pliosaurs. 




Oceanic trench

Ocean trenches have relatively steep sides falling to the ocean floor.

Ocean trenches are typically caused when an oceanic crustal plate slides under a lighter continental plate or another oceanic plate. It is believed to work by density. Where one plate slides under another, this is called subduction. As the heavier plate descends, the long, narrow feature caused is called the "subduction zone." It is here that oceanic trenches form. They can be 1,500 miles (2,400 km) long, several miles deep, and as much as 70 miles (112 km) wide.
At least five trenches are over 6 miles (10 km) deep. The greatest ocean depth to be sounded is in the Challenger Deep of the Mariana Trench, at a depth of 

Trenches are active with earthquakes and resulting tsunamis. Most volcanism associated with trenches occurs on the continent and not on the sea floor. However, many of the ocean's volcanic islands and seamounts are found in what are called island arcs, bending chains of islands rising from the sea floor, usually paralleling the concave edges of an oceanic trench. The western Pacific has island arcism as do the Aleutian Islands.

Near the island of Guam is the famous Mariana Trench where the Pacific Plate descends under the leading edge of the Eurasian Plate. Measured at 36,201 feet - over 6.8 miles (11 km) deep, this trench is the deepest known spot in any ocean. In 1960, two men in the bathyscaph "Trieste" reached bottom of the Mariana Trench. 

Other extensive trench regions around the world include the South Sandwich Trench between South America and Antarctica, the Peru-Chile Trench, and the Aleutian Trench.


North Kosovo

North Kosovo is a Serbian enclave in Kosovo. It has over 80,000 residents, at least 98% of them are Christian Serbs. There are about 3,000 Albanians, and about 2000 Turks, Greeks, Gorans, Romas and others.

Unlike the Strpce municipality which is autonomous, North Kosovo is directly run by the Government of Belgrade.

In North Kosovo, Serbian car plates are still used and the Serbian dinar is used as the official currency.

The enclave consists of the 3 municipalities of Zvecan, Leposavic, Zubin Potok (as well as part of Mitrovica. The enclave's area is (11% of the country's total area). Lake Gorazdevac is also in the enclave.

The United Nations does not recognize Kosovo as a country because of the 1999 United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244. Other world governing bodies do not recognise it as a country, either.

Violet-fronted brilliant

The violet-fronted brilliant ("Heliodoxa leadbeateri") is a species of hummingbird. It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.


SS Yongala

SS "Yongala" was a passenger ship that was launched in 1903. It sank off Cape Bowling Green on 23 March 1911 on its way to from Melbourne, Australia to Cairns she entered into a cyclone and sank without a trace south of Townsville. All passengers onboard drowned and the shipwreck was found in 1958 off the coast of Townsville.



Parides childrenae

The Green-celled Cattleheart (Parides childrenae) is a species of butterfly. It belongs in the family Papilionidae. It is found in southern North America and northern South America.

The upper side of the wings is black. The male has a bright green patch on the fore wing (top wing). There is a small pale yellow spot near the tip of the fore wing. There is a red patch on the hind wing (bottom wing). The female has a small white patch on the fore wing. There are a few pale spots on the fore wing. There is a band of red spots on the hind wing. The underside of the wings is also black. The male has small pale spots near the tip of the fore wing and a few red spots on the hind wing. The female's underside is the same as the upper side.


Los Angeles (disambiguation)

Los Angeles is a city in California and the second-largest city in the United States. Los Angeles may also mean:

Oviparous animals

Oviparous animals are animals that reproduce by laying eggs. This is how most fish, amphibians, reptiles, insects, and arachnids reproduce. All birds and monotremes also reproduce like this.

The eggs that of most animals that live on land are protected by hard shells. They fertilize their eggs internally. Water-dwelling animals like fish and amphibians lay eggs that have not been fertilized yet. Then the males lay sperm on top of the eggs, which is called external fertilization.


Aplacophora

The Aplacophora is a class of small, deep-water, exclusively benthic, shell-less marine molluscs. They are found in all oceans of the world. They are a small group of molluscs which have deviated from the normal molluscan form. There are approximately 320 known species living today. They are rather worm-like and average about an inch (2.5 cms.) in length.

Most live in deep water, except a few more northern species. One group bury themselves into the sand and mud of the ocean bottom where they feed on annelids and other small invertebrates. The rest of the known aplacophorans parasitize hydroids and other corals.

This class used to be classified as sea cucumbers in the echinoderms. In 1987, they were officially recognized as molluscs and given their own class. The class is polyphyletic, and consists of two clades.

Monoplacophora

Monoplacophora is a class of molluscs. They have a cap-like shell and live on the bottom of the sea. 

They were well-known as a fossil group from the Cambrian to the Devonian. One species was dredged up from the Pacific Ocean off Mexico in 1952. It was found to be a Monoplacophoran, and given the genus of "Neopilina". This was one of the most remarkable modern discoveries of a 'living fossil', and a Lazarus taxon. 

More than that, they are the most extreme example of the "pull of the recent", which is a term in palaeontology. All fossil groups have a first and last appearance in the fossil record but, for living species, their last appearance is the present day. This may be very much later than their last appearance as a fossil. The discovery of the living monoplacs extended their time range by 400 million years.

The anatomy of "Neopilina" shows "serially repeated structures" such as gills. Serial repetition of anatomical structures such as gills and muscles may have evolved once in the common ancestor of chitons and monoplacophorans. It suggests the ancient ancestor of molluscs had bilateral symmetry, and segments.

Zebra turkeyfish

The Zebra Turkeyfish ("Dendrochirus zebra") is a very venomous fish. It lives in the Indian and Pacific seas. The fish has 13 venomous spines along its back, used to look after itself. The fish is slow and quiet but can be a danger. The fish rests in dark places such as under a rock or a piece of coral. They aren't affected by each other's venom. They are solitary fish that are not scared of anything, as they have no predators other than groupers.

Aris Thessaloniki F.C.

Aris Thessaloniki F.C. is a Greek football club based in Thessaloniki. Their colors are yellow and black, and the emblem is the ancient god of war, Ares. The club is the fifth most successful Greek club, as it has won three championships and one Greek cup. Aris won the first Greek championship in 1928.


Slender loris

The slender loris is a nocturnal hunter. It moves slowly through trees and grips branches tightly with its opposable thumbs and toes. When it attacks prey it goes closer and then snatches it with both hands. 

The slender loris is about the size of a squirrel, and has small finger nails. It has two brown eyes, and has white fur on its chest. 

The slender loris usually spends its time on trees. They like to groom and wrestle with each other.

These animals eat insects, lizards, birds, but will also eat things like slugs, flowers, shoots, young leaves, and sometimes even eggs. They would also like termites and roaches for a tasty treat.

Native people thought that the slender lorises had magical powers. It is not clear how many slender lorises survive in the wild.

Panionios F.C

Panionios is a Greek football club. It was founded in 1890 in Smyrni, Turkey by Greek people who lived there. During the Greek-Turkish war in 1922 the Greek people left from there and they went to Greece. So, the club came to Greece to the Athenian suburb Nea Smyrni. The colours of the club are red and blue. Panionios has won two Greek cups.


Dave Meltzer

Dave Meltzer (born in 1959) is a man who writes about professional wrestling for his magazine, and also on the Internet. Meltzer's website is called the "Wrestling Observer". Before Meltzer, most writers wrote that professional wrestling was real, but Meltzer writes that it is not. He has also written two books called "Tributes" and "Tributes II".


List of chess grandmasters

This is a list of chess grandmasters rated 2700+, plus other players of the highest status. There are at present over 1900 chess grandmasters, and the full list is on English wiki. Notice also the list in Di Felice, Gino 2017. "Chess International Titleholders, 1950–2016". McFarland, ISBN 978-1-4766-7132-1.





Umkhonto we Sizwe

Umkhonto we Sizwe (), was a South African guerilla movement created in 1961 by Nelson Mandela, Walter Sisulu and other people from the African National Congress. It was created when the government started killing and hurting people who protested against apartheid. Mandela first wanted to free South Africa without violence, but the government created laws to prevent that. Mandela then decided that if black people did not use violence, they would never regain their rights. They carried out many attacks, including bombings. The most deadly of these was the Church Street bombing in Pretoria.

Umkhonto we Sizwe stopped being active in 1990 before the end of apartheid, in 1991.

Heikki Kovalainen

Heikki Johannes Kovalainen (born October 19, 1981 in Suomussalmi, Finland) is a Finnish Formula One racing driver who spent the 2008 and 2009 seasons with British-based team Vodafone McLaren Mercedes. In 2010, he joined the new Lotus team.

 Season in progress.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.

Luca Badoer

Luca Badoer (born 25 January 1971) is an Italian Formula One driver. He was born in Montebelluna. He has raced for the Scuderia Italia, Minardi, Forti Corse and most recently, Ferrari teams. In addition to his racing duties, Badoer has been active as one of the test and reserve drivers for Ferrari since 1997 and in 2009 stood in for Ferrari's regular race driver Felipe Massa at the European Grand Prix and the Belgian Grand Prix, after the Brazilian was injured during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix and his original replacement, Michael Schumacher, pulled out due to injury.

Nick Heidfeld

Nick Lars Heidfeld (born May 10, 1977 in Mönchengladbach, West Germany) is a German racing driver In 2010 he was the test and reserve driver for the Mercedes GP Formula One team. In August, Mercedes released Heidfeld from his contract to allow him to do tyre testing. He will test the new Pirelli tyre that will be used in the season. He previously raced in Formula One from to . 

In September, Heidfeld was signed by Sauber to replace Pedro de la Rosa. Heidfeld drove for Sauber from to , and to .

In 2011, Renault selected Heidfeld to replace the injured Robert Kubica.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.

Romain Grosjean

Romain Grosjean (born April 17, 1986 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Formula One racing driver, who holds dual nationality from France and Switzerland, but competes under a French racing licence. He was the 2007 Formula Three Euroseries drivers' champion and the inaugural GP2 Asia Series champion. He driving 2022 IndyCars Series.

Jarno Trulli

Jarno Trulli (born 13 July 1974 in Pescara, Abruzzo) is an Italian Formula One auto racing driver. He has been a regular in Formula One since 1997, driving for Minardi, Prost, Jordan, Renault and Toyota. He won the Monaco Grand Prix for Renault, his only Grand Prix victory to date. He is known for being a qualification expert. After Toyota pulled out of the sport, following the 2009 season, he joined the new Lotus Racing team in 2010.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Timo Glock

Timo Glock (born 18 March 1982 in Nurburg) is a German motor racing driver. At the Canadian Grand Prix, Glock replaced Giorgio Pantano at Jordan. Glock joined the small group of drivers who have scored a World Championship point in their first Formula One race. As of , he driving is for Marussia F1. He has failed to score a point with the team since its creation in 2010

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Kamui Kobayashi

Kamui Kobayashi (born 13 September 1986 in Amagasaki, Hyogo Japan) is a Japanese racing driver. He has competed in the GP2 Series, won the GP2 Asia Series, and drove in the FIA Formula One World Championship with the Toyota Formula One team in 2009. He is currently driving for Sauber.

Kobayashi was born in Amagasaki, near Kobe.

 Season in progress.

Mark Webber

Mark Alan Webber (born 27 August 1976 in Queanbeyan, New South Wales) is an Australian Formula One driver. At the German Grand Prix, he became the first Australian to win a race since Alan Jones in .

 Season in progress.

 Half points awarded as less than 75% of race distance was completed by the winner.

Bartje

Bartje Bartels is the main character in a series of Dutch books written by Anne de Vries at the beginning of the 20th century. The stories are about a boy who grows up in a poor family in the countryside in Drenthe in the north-east of the Netherlands.

The author Anne de Vries is male. The name “Anne”, although usually a girl's name, can also be used as a boy’s name in Dutch, especially in the north where Frisian is spoken. It is pronounced “Oa-ne”.

Bartje (pronounce: “BAR-che”) is a boy whose father is a poor farmer. His parents expect him to become a farmer like his father, but Bartje has other ideas. Bartje starts work as an apprentice, but then his mother dies and he has to look after his younger brothers and sisters.

The most famous quotation from the Bartje books come in the story in which the family are sitting down to a meal. They are going to eat brown beans. Bartje hates brown beans and pulls his empty plate away when his mother wants to give him some. He refuses to say grace (to say a prayer to thank God for the food they are about to eat) and he says: "Ik bid nie veur bruune boon'n " (in modern Dutch: "Ik bid niet voor bruine bonen", meaning: "I don’t pray for brown beans"). His parents are shocked and he gets into big trouble.

Bartje has become a much-loved symbol for the province of Drenthe. The stories were made into a television series which was shown in 1972 and repeated in 2004. The film had Dutch subtitles because the actors were speaking in Drenthe dialect. 

There is a statue to Bartje in the town of Assen. Unfortunately it has been vandalized several times.

Lancaster, Lancashire

Lancaster is the county town of Lancashire, England. It is on the River Lune. As of the 2001 census, it had 45,952 people. The larger City of Lancaster local government district is named after Lancaster.

Lancaster Castle is well known as the site of the Pendle witch trials in 1612.
Lancaster is the most northerly city in Lancashire, three miles from Morecambe Bay. The city is on the River Lune, the Lancaster Canal, and the West Coast Main Line. It is close to the M6 motorway.
Lancaster has two universities. These are Lancaster University and The University of Cumbria.

Decatur, Wisconsin

Decatur is a town in Green County of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 1,688 people were living in Decatur as of the 2000 census. Decatur has an area of 34.4 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Strepsirrhini

The Strepsirrhini clade is one of the two suborders of primates, with 114 species. They are defined by their wet noses, although the Greek name means having a curved or bent nose. Madagascar's only primates (apart from humans) are strepsirrhines, although others can be found in southeast Asia.
Their eyes have a reflective layer to improve their night vision called a tapetum lucidum, and their eye sockets have a ring of bone around the eye called a post-orbital bar. Strepsirrhine primates produce their own vitamin C, whereas haplorhine primates (including humans) must get it from their diets.

The suborder contains the lemurs and lorises. The modern types probably evolved from the Adapiforms, an extinct group.

The origin of the earliest primates, from which both the strepsirrhines and haplorhines (simians and tarsiers) evolved, is a mystery. Both their place of origin and the group from which they evolved are uncertain.

Although the fossil record of their initial radiation across the Northern Hemisphere is very detailed, the fossil record from the tropics—where primates most likely evolved—is very poor, particularly around the time that primates and other eutherian mammals were first appearing.

So, geneticists and primatologists have used genetic analyses to determine the relatedness between primate lines and when they diverged. Using this molecular clock, it seems that primates evolved more than 80–90 million years ago, nearly 40 million years before the first primates appear in the fossil record.


Haplorhini

The haplorhines, the "dry-nosed" primates (the Greek name means "simple-nosed"), are members of the Haplorhini clade: the prosimian tarsiers and all of the true simians. The simians are the catarrhines (Old World monkeys and apes, including humans) and the platyrrhines (New World monkeys).


Tisza

The Tisza is one of the major rivers of Central Europe. It starts in Ukraine, with the White Tisza in the Chornohora and Black Tisza in the Gorgany range, and flows partially along the Romanian border. It then enters Hungary at Tiszabecs and passes through Hungary touching the border with Slovakia. It then into the Danube in central Vojvodina in Serbia. The Tisza drains an area of about 157,186 km².

Names for the river in the countries it flows through are:




Free love

Free love is when people are free to have sexual relations with anyone without getting married. This has been used as early as in the 19th century. It is a social movement that rejects marriage as a form of social and financial bondage (slavery)..

Breakaway (Kelly Clarkson album)

Breakaway is the second album by American singer Kelly Clarkson; it was released on November 30, 2004.

The album debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200 for selling 250,000 copies. It has sold over 6 million copies in the United States and has been certified six times Platinum by the RIAA. "Breakaway" received two awards at the 2006 Grammy Awards including "Best Pop Vocal Album" and "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance" for the single "Since U Been Gone".

Five singles were released from the album, "Since U Been Gone", "Behind These Hazel Eyes", "Because of You", "Walk Away", and "Breakaway".

Breakaway

Breakaway may refer to:


Rainbow Serpent

A Rainbow Serpent is an animal in the Dreamtime which many of the indigenous people of Australia, the "Aborigines", believe created the mountains, rivers and lakes. The Rainbow Serpent stories are found all across Australia, and especially in Arnhem Land, in the north of Australia. The serpent is known by different names, such as "Almudj" and "Ngalyod", in different Aboriginal languages. The Rainbow Serpent lives in waterholes and controls the supply of water.

Aboriginal artists have painted the Rainbow Serpent on cave walls or on pieces of bark. The earliest cave paintings found are about 8,000 years old. In special ceremonies, they sometimes honour the Rainbow Serpent by painting their handprints on the magic snake. Scientists believe the Rainbow Serpent stories began at the end of the last ice age. The rising sea levels would have forced a lot of people to move inland. The Rainbow Serpent became a symbol of both creation and destruction, and of unity and peace. This makes the Rainbow Serpent a symbol of the world's oldest continuing religion.

In the Dreamtime, the Rainbow Serpent helped the world along with rain. At the beginning of time, the Rainbow Serpent awoke from its sleep and pushed through the Earth's crust. As it travelled over the empty land, it left behind deep tracks. The Rainbow Serpent called to the frogs to come out from beneath the earth. It tickled the frogs' bellies, and when they laughed, water poured out from their open mouths. The water filled the Rainbow Serpent's deep tracks, making rivers and lakes.
Slowly, grass began to grow. Then all kind of creatures in Australia - birds, lizards, snakes, kangaroos, koalas, and dingoes - woke up and took their places on the earth.

List of rivers of the Americas

The following is a list of rivers of the Americas, and includes all the major rivers of the Americas:




List of rivers of Connecticut

This is the List of rivers in Connecticut (U.S. state), sorted by drainage basin.

All of Connecticut's rivers flow into Long Island Sound. From there, the waters mix into the Atlantic Ocean.


Zakynthos

Zakynthos (or "Zante") is a Greek island. It is the third largest island in the Ionian Sea. It is in the south Ionian Sea, west of the Peloponnese. Zakynthos' total population amounts to 41,472 inhabitants. The largest town of Zakynthos is Zakynthos city. Zakynthos is mostly flat island, with an area of 410 square kilometres.To the north of the island, there are low mountains and hills. 

Zakynthos is a very touristic island. Most tourists who visit the island come from Western Europe, mainly Italy and England. The most popular part of island is the southern part. The island has many beautiful beaches, the most famous including the Navagio (shipwreck) and the beach of Laganas. The Mediterranean turtle lives in and around Zakynthos. It is also called "careta careta". This species is very rare and it is a threatened species.

Paros

Paros is a Greek island which belongs in Cyclades group. It is the third largest island in the Cyclades. Its area is 195 square meter and its population is 12,853. The island has got a scheme almost circular. The most largest towns in Paros is Paroikia (or Paros city) and Naoussa.

The island is very touristic. Every summer many thousands tourists came to Paros. The most of them came from European countries. The island has got beautiful beaches and very beautiful villages. The main feature of the villages of Paros is its important architecture. The houses of the villages has got cubic scheme with intense white colour. The windows and the doors has got an intense colour, usually azure or blue.


Shawnee Park

Shawnee Park is a park in Louisville, Kentucky. It was created by Frederick Law Olmsted, who made 18 of the city's 123 public parks. Along with the rest of the city's Olmsted-designed park system, Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

Shawnee Park was first planned in 1890 to be one of the free flagship parks in Louisville's new park system. All three were found on the geographic edges of the city. In Shawnee's case, it was the western edge bordering the Ohio River. The land at the time was still mostly used for truck farms, but it was clear residential development was imminent even without the park. Shawnee was the slowest of the parks to create, as much of the land was already owned by investors who thought they could increase the sale price by holding out.

The city had to force owners to sell the properties to obtain the land for the park, and won the case in 1895. In 1896, the city started to create access to the park, another area in which Shawnee was behind the other two parks. River Park Drive was laid out in 1899, but the Broadway entrance remained unfinished until 1914.

The Olmsted firm advised the city not to build a golf course at Shawnee Park due to the "grave danger to visitors in the park and especially the children" but demand was such that the course was built anyway in 1927.

All three parks had the intended effect of spurring residential development near them. The interest was so great that developers found themselves promoting the parks rather than their own developments, as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best. Dozens of subdivisions were built near Shawnee Park, and the neighborhood itself came to be called Shawnee.

Shawnee Park allowed access only to whites from 1924 to 1954, although park officials and police had a de facto policy of not allowing blacks access to the park for some years prior to that. The only park blacks were allowed access to was nearby Chickasaw Park, which many people entered by traveling through Shawnee.

Although now overshadowed by the Louisville Waterfront Park, Shawnee boasts an expansive Great Lawn which is very useful for formal gatherings. The Great Lawn, the principal feature of the park, is enclosed by plantings and a circular drive that is lined with trees.

Louisville's Riverwalk Trail, which passes through Shawnee Park, extends across Louisville's waterfront, which is an extensive, mostly flat pedestrian pathway. The one-way distance between the Belvedere and Shawnee Park is 6.2 miles.


Iraklis Thessaloniki FC

Iraklis is a Greek football club which is based in Thessaloniki. It is founded in 1908 and it is the most oldest club of Thessaloniki. Iraklis is the third most successful club of Thessaloniki after PAOK and Aris. It has won a Greek cup in 1976. He always plays in the highest professional football league of Greece unless one year. The name of club is the name of ancient Greek hero Hercules, which in Greek is said Iraklis. Its colour is the blue and white.


Active Worlds

Active Worlds (AW) is a 3D virtual reality platform. The "Active Worlds Browser" runs on Windows. Users assign themselves a user name, log into the Active Worlds virtual world universe, and explore 3D virtual worlds and environments that other users have created. Users can chat with one another or build structures and areas from a selection of objects. AW allows users to own worlds and universes, and develop 3D content.


Jim Clark

Jim (or Jimmy) Clark OBE (4 March 1936 – 7 April 1968) was a British Formula One racing driver from Scotland.

He was the dominant driver of his era, winning two World Championships, in 1963 and 1965. At the time of his death, he had won more Grand Prix races (25) and achieved more Grand Prix pole positions (33) than any other driver. He also competed in the Indianapolis 500 five times, and won it once, in 1965.

In 2009, The Times placed Clark at the top of a list of the greatest Formula One drivers.

Clark crashed off the Hockenheimring, Baden-Wuerttemberg, West Germany during a race and died of his injuries on the way to hospital.

Emerson Fittipaldi

Emerson Fittipaldi (born December 12, 1946 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a highly successful Brazilian automobile racing driver. He has won championships in both Formula One, and CART. Fittipaldi won the Indianapolis 500 twice.

Emerson Fittipaldi was born in São Paulo, Brazil. He is the younger son of prominent Italian-Brazilian motorsports journalist and radio commentator Wilson Fittipaldi Sr and his wife Józefa "Juzy" Wojciechowska, an immigrant from Saint Petersburg, Russia and of Polish and Russian descent.

Niki Lauda

Andreas Nikolaus "Niki" Lauda (22 February 1949 – 20 May 2019) was an Austrian Formula One driver. He was a three-time F1 World Drivers' Champion, winning in , and . He was also an aviator, entrepreneur and writer. He has founded and run two airlines and was manager of the Jaguar Formula One racing team for two years. In February 2018, Toto Wolff and Niki Lauda signed a deal at Mercedes until 2020.

Lauda died after a period of ill health on 20 May 2019 in Zürich. He was 70.

Niki Lauda raced in the 1973 F1 season as a member of the British racing motors team.in 1974 he signed with the prestigious pransing horse Scuderia Ferrari team and gathered his first career F1 victory (as well as an additional win), finishing the season in fourth place. The 1975 racing season is one of the most storid in F1 history. Through nine races, Lauda had 5 victories and more than twice as many points in the championship standings as his closest competitor. Lauda tried to get the other drivers to agree to boycott the 10th race of the season, the German Grand Prix at the Nürburgring, but Lauda lost and the race went ahead. On the second lap of the German Grand Prix Lauda crashed and his car went on fire.

First Race:1971 Austrian F1 GP

Last Race: 1985 Austrian F1 GP 

First Win: 1974 Spanish F1 GP

Last Win: 1995 Dutch F1 GP

Antonio Ascari

Antonio Ascari (15 September 1888 – 26 July 1925) was an Italian Grand Prix motor racing champion.

Louis Chiron

Louis Alexandre Chiron (born 3 August 1899 in Monte Carlo, Monaco – died there on 22 June 1979) was a Grand Prix driver.

Ghirlandaio

Ghirlandaio is the surname of a family of the Renaissance Italian painters:

Pietro Perugino

Pietro Perugino (1446–1524) was a leading Italian painter of the Umbrian school. He developed some of the qualities that found classic expression in the High Renaissance. He was born as "Pietro Vannucci" in Città della Pieve. Perugino also was one of Raphael's teachers.


Mike Hawthorn

John Michael Hawthorn (10 April 1929 – 22 January 1959) was a racing driver, born in Mexborough, Yorkshire, England, and educated at Ardingly College, West Sussex.

On 22 January 1959, only three months into his retirement, Hawthorn died in a car accident on the A3 Guildford bypass. He drove his modified 1958 Jaguar 3.4-litre saloon (now known as the 3.4 Mk 1) VDU 881 to London. The precise cause of the accident is unknown.

The accident occurred on a notoriously dangerous section of the road, the scene of 15 serious accidents (two fatal) in the previous two years. The road was also wet at the time. Driving at speed (one witness estimated 80 m.p.h.), Hawthorn overtook a Mercedes-Benz 300SL 'gull-wing' sports car driven by an acquaintance, the motor racing team manager Rob Walker. On entering a right-hand bend shortly after passing the Mercedes, Hawthorn clipped a 'Keep Left' bollard dividing the two carriageways, causing him to lose control..

White-tailed starfrontlet

The white-tailed starfrontlet ("Coeligena phalerata") is a species of hummingbird. It is found only in Colombia. Its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.


Venezuelan sylph

The Venezuelan sylph ("Aglaiocercus berlepschi") is a species of hummingbird. It is restricted to a small area of north-eastern Venezuela and is classed as an endangered species by BirdLife International. It is sometimes thought to be a subspecies of the Long-tailed Sylph (A. kingi).

The male is 22 centimeters in length with the elongated outer tail-feathers accounting for 14-15 centimeters. Its color is mostly green. The throat is blue and the outer tail-feathers are violet, becoming blue towards the tips. The female is 9.5-11 centimeters long. The tail is shorter than that of the male but still fairly long and slightly forked. Females have a blue crown and white throat, breast and belly.

The Long-tailed Sylph is almost the same in color but does not overlap in range. Males of the subspecies "caudatus" have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch, while males of the subspecies "margarethae" have green tips to the tail-feathers. Females have a rufous breast and belly.



Thankful (Kelly Clarkson album)

Thankful is the first album by American singer Kelly Clarkson, released in the United States by RCA Records on April 15, 2003. She originally had the release set for fall 2002 but got pushed back due to her busy schedule. "A Moment Like This" was the first single from the album to be released, followed by "Miss Independent", "Low", and "The Trouble with Love Is".

"Thankful" contained two cover tracks, "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" by Aretha Franklin and "Just Missed the Train" by Danielle Brisebois. "Thankful" has sold 2.73 million copies in the United States and was certified platinum in Canada for selling over 100,000 copies.

Serdar Tasci

Serdar Taşçı (born 24 April 1987) is a German footballer. 

Serdar Taşçı played for SC Altbach and the Stuttgarter Kickers until he came to the youth teams of VfB Stuttgart in 1999. In 2005 he played his first matches for the second senior team, and on 20 August 2006 he had his first Bundesliga match. He won the German Championship with Stuttgart in the 2006-07 Bundesliga season. 

As a child of a Turkish family, he had also the chance to play for the Turkish national football team, but went to the German team instead. On 20 August 2008 he played his first international match against Belgium. 

!Total||12||0


Christian Träsch

Christian Träsch (born 1 September 1987 in Ingolstadt, Bavaria) is a German footballer.

Träsch came to the youth teams of TSV 1860 Munich in 2003. He played for their second senior team in the Regionalliga in 2006 and 2007. In 2007 he came to the second team of VfB Stuttgart, and on 3 February 2008 he played his first match in Stuttgart's Bundesliga team. 

Träsch joined the German national football team for a trip to Asia in 2009 and played his first international match against the United Arab Emirates on 2 June 2009.


Christian Gentner

Christian Gentner (born 14 August 1985 in Nürtingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a German footballer.

Gentner won the German Under-19 Championship with VfB Stuttgart in 2003. For the 2004-05 season he came to Stuttgart's second senior team. On 20 February 2005 he played his first Bundesliga match for Stuttgart. In the 2006-07 Bundesliga season they won the German Championship.

In summer 2007 he came to VfL Wolfsburg where he won his second German Championship in 2009. He came back to Stuttgart after the 2009-10 season. 

In 2009 Gentner joined the Germany national football team for a trip to Asia and played his first international match against China PR national team on 29 May 2009.


Vector subspace

A vector subspace is a vector space that is a subset of another vector space. This means that all the properties of a vector space are satisfied.
Let "W" be a non empty subset of a vector space "V", then, "W" is a vector subspace if and only if the next 3 conditions are satisfied:
If formula_1 and formula_2 are subspaces of a vector space formula_3, then the sum and the direct sum of formula_1 and formula_2, denoted respectively by formula_6 and formula_7, are subspaces as well.


Apocalypse

An apocalypse is a revelation: seeing something which has been hidden. It comes from the Greek word, "Apokálypsis", which means "lifting of the veil", or finding out something secret. Often this secret is discovered in a dream or a vision.

In religion, the word describes Armageddon or the end of the world. This might have come from the words, "apokalupsis eschaton", meaning all the secrets will be discovered "at the end of the æon, or age". In Christianity "The Apocalypse of John" is the Book of Revelation, the last book of the Bible. It describes the end of the world, and the second coming of Jesus Christ.

Peter Gabriel

Peter Brian Gabriel (born 13 February 1950) is an English singer and songwriter. He became famous as the singer and flute player in the progressive rock group Genesis. After leaving Genesis, Gabriel went on to a successful solo career. More recently he has spent his time on producing and promoting world music and pioneering digital distribution methods for music. He has also been involved in various humanitarian efforts. Gabriel was awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2009. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2010 with the group Genesis and again as a solo artist in 2014.


Mykonos

Mykonos is a very touristic Greek island. It belongs to Cyclades. It is in the north of Cyclades, near Syros and Tinos islands. The area of the island is 85 square kilometres. 9,320 people live there. Most of them work in the tourist industry. The island is famous mainly for its nightlife. Also, the island has many beautiful beaches, with yellow sand. Along the beaches there are bars and cafes, so the entertainment continues during day. The island has two main settlements. Chora, the capital of the island, is in the west and Ano Mera, the second settlement is in the center.

Mykonos' houses have got the distinguished Cycladic architecture. The houses have a cubic scheme, with wooden windows, and doors, painted usually with intense colours. The alleys are painted with lime, so they have a bright white colour. Mykonos is very close to the islet Delos. Delos was very important in antiquity. It was the center of Delian League, the leaders of which were ancient Athenians. In Delos there was an important sanctuary for Apollon, one of twelve Greek gods. Delos today is a very important archaeological site and the visitors go there from Mykonos. Mykonos has many old traditional windmills, which are everywhere on the island


Edward Jenner

Edward Jenner (17 May 1749 – 26 January 1823) was an English physician known for creating the vaccine for smallpox.

Vaccination was a concept that was known before Jenner.

In 1765, Dr John Fewster published a paper in the London Medical Society entitled "Cow pox and its ability to prevent smallpox", but he did not pursue the subject further.

After 1770, at least five investigators in England and Germany (Sevel, Jensen, Jesty 1774, Rendell, Plett 1791) successfully tested a cowpox vaccine in humans against smallpox. For example, Dorset farmer Benjamin Jesty successfully vaccinated and presumably induced immunity with cowpox in his wife and two children during a smallpox epidemic in 1774. Jenner may have been aware of Jesty's procedures and success, but after Jenner's work some 20 years later the procedure became widely understood at last.

It was a common observation that milkmaids were generally immune to smallpox. Jenner thought that the pus in the blisters that milkmaids received from cowpox (a disease similar to smallpox, but much less virulent) protected them from smallpox. He may already have heard of Benjamin Jesty's success.

On 14 May 1796, Jenner tested his hypothesis on an eight-year-old boy, the son of his gardener. He scraped pus from cowpox blisters on the hands of a milkmaid. Jenner inoculated Phipps in both arms that day, subsequently producing in Phipps a fever and some uneasiness, but no full-blown infection. Later, he injected the boy with a mild form of smallpox and he showed no sign of infection. Jenner successfully tested his hypothesis on 23 more subjects.

Mansfield Park (novel)

Mansfield Park is the third novel by iconic English author Jane Austen. Published in 1814, it was the most successful during her lifetime. 

"Mansfield Park" is about a poor young girl named Fanny Price.

Born in Portsmouth, Fanny's mother has two sisters, one of whom has married Sir Thomas Bertram of Mansfield Park miles away and the other lives in a cottage on the grounds of Mansfield. This other sister, in an attempt to show off her own sense of self-importance and charity, offers to take one of her poor sister's children off her hands, and persuades Sir Thomas that Fanny could be her assistant in helping with the daily running of Mansfield and so should live there too.

At Mansfield Park, Fanny grows up with her cousins Tom, Maria, Julia and Edmund Bertram. Only Edmund is kind to her. As they grow up, Edmund's kindness to Fanny makes her fall in love with him.

However, when Fanny's uncle goes away for business, Mary Crawford and her brother Henry come to the neighborhood. Henry flirts with the Misses Bertram, making them fall in love with him, even though Maria is already engaged to a Mr. Rushworth. Mary and Edmund fall in love with each other, much to Fanny's surprise and sadness, but Mary wants Edmund to become rich and not be a clergyman. They put on a play called "Lovers Vows" that Fanny does not think Sir Thomas would like, so she does not join in. Just as they are trying to make her act, Sir Thomas returns home.

Henry Crawford goes away, and Maria, angry and proud, quickly marries Mr. Rushworth, even though she does not love him. Henry Crawford falls really in love with Fanny, and proposes to her, but she says no. Sir Thomas gives Fanny the ultimatum of marry Mr Crawford or go back to her parents. Choosing to see her family again she is unhappy to see how coarse and vulgar they are.

While she is there, she finds out in a newspaper that Maria has run away with Henry Crawford. Fanny is very shocked and unhappy. Edmund comes to ask Fanny to come back to Mansfield to nurse a sick Tom. He tells Fanny that he was shocked that Mary Crawford only thought Maria and Henry were silly for being found out, and that the act of adultery was not bad. He expresses he has finally realised he has always loved Fanny, and they marry.


Aristarchus (crater)

Aristarchus is a large impact crater on the Moon's surface. It is 40 kilometers large in diameter and can be seen with the naked eye from Earth. The crater was named after the Greek astronomer Aristarchus of Samos.

Barossa Valley

The Barossa Valley is in South Australia. It is found about north-east of Adelaide, the capital city of South Australia. The Barossa Valley is famous for making wine and because of this it often has many tourists. The three main towns in the region are Nuriootpa, Tanunda and Angaston.

The Barossa Valley was named in 1837 by a surveyor called Colonel William Light. It was meant to be named Barrosa, named after the town in Spain, but a mistake was made and it ended up being spelt Barossa.

The first place to be settled was Bethany in 1842 by people from both England and Germany. Most of the people to first arrive were from Germany and because of this the Barossa Valley has lots of German heritage. Soon after Bethany was established other towns were made. the next group of town to be created were: Angaston, Krondorf, Ebenezer, Penrice, Light Pass and Langmeil.

The year after the first town was made, churches stared being built. These were all Christian churches and most were Lutheran. The Christian lifestyle is still around the Barossa Valley today with lots of churches still around, although many are not Lutheran.

There are about 20 000 people who live in the Barossa Valley. Most of these people live in Tanunda, Nuriootpa, Angaston, Williamstown and Lyndoch, each having more than 1000 people. A few smaller towns such as Moculta and Springton are in the Barossa Valley too and all the town are a part of the Barossa Local Government which is more commonly called the Barossa Council.

Most people in the area still call themselves Lutherans. This has caused many towns to have two or more Lutheran churches. For example, Tanunda has four, Nuriootpa has two and Angaston has two. Each town with more than 1000 people, not including Williamstown, has a Lutheran Primary School and Tanunda has a Lutheran Secondary School.

The number of people in all of the biggest towns is listed below.

The Barossa Valley is called "‘Australia's most famous wine region’" by lots of people. There are about 150 wineries in the Barossa Valley. Some of the wineries are very famous both in Australia and overseas. The famous wineries include: Wolf Blass, Penfolds, Yalumba and Peter Lehmann Wines. The two secondary schools in the area both have wineries. Nuriootpa High School owns a winery called Barossa Class Wines (more commonly known as Nurrihannam Wines) and Faith Lutheran School owns a winery called Mengler View Wines.

Every two years this festival is held in the Barossa Valley to celebrate the vintage. Vintage is the time between grapes been picked and then turned into wine. The vintage festival lasts for 9 days and on each day many events take place.

The most popular of all the events is the parade. This is where different companies and groups gather a few volunteers who parade from the main street in Nuriootpa through to the main street in Tanunda. Many groups choose to give out free gifts, such as lollies and stickers.


Jeffrey Dahmer

Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer (May 21, 1960 – November 28, 1994) was an American serial killer. He was born in Wisconsin and moved to Ohio in 1966. He murdered young males in Wisconsin and Ohio from 1978-1991. In 1992, he was convicted of 15 murders. Dahmer later confessed to 17 murders in all, dating back to his first victim in 1978. The jury rejected Dahmer's insanity defense, and he was sentenced to 15 life terms (life imprisonment is the maximum penalty that Wisconsin has, but not Ohio, which has the death penalty). He was beaten to death with workout equipment by another inmate, Christopher Scarver, who had been jailed for murder, on the morning of November 28, 1994. Scarver also killed another inmate, , at the same time with the workout equipment. Anderson had been jailed for murder as well. They had all been working out together.

Dahmer was diagnosed with three personality disorders: antisocial, borderline, and schizotypal.

Art history

Art history is the study of objects of art in their historical development and stylistic contents; that is genre, design, format, and style. The study includes painting, sculpture, architecture, ceramics, furniture and other decorative objects. An art historian is a person who studies the history of art, and then writes about it or teaches about it so that other people can learn about this subject as well.

The first person to become an art historian was Giorgio Vasari. He lived in Florence during the Renaissance, at a time when there were many famous artists alive. Vasari was an artist himself. He decided to write down all the stories that were told in Florence about the many different artists who had made the city famous. He included biographies of several other artists from Northern Italy as well. When all the information was collected and the biographies written, he published them in 1568 in a book called "Lives of the Artists". Because of this book, art students today have a lot of information about artists such as Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo, Titian and their works.


Dugong

The dugong ("Dugong dugon") is a large mammal that lives its whole life in the sea. 

They are sometimes called "sea cows" as they eat large amounts of sea grass. They live in warm, shallow areas where the sea grass grows. This area includes the north coast of Australia, and in other countries in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. 

Dugongs are more closely related to elephants than to other sea creatures. Their closest aquatic relative is the manatee, a fresh water species found in America and West Africa.

The dugong can grow to about long and weigh as much as . They only come to the surface to breathe, and unlike seals, they never come up on the land. A baby dugong is called a calf. It drinks milk from its mother until about two years old. A dugong reaches its adult size between the ages of 9 and 17 years. The dugong can live for up to 70 years of age. They are grey to brown in color. They have a tail with flukes, like a whale, and flippers. They do not have a dorsal fin like a shark. They have a wide flat nose, small eyes, and small ears.

The dugong is a migratory animal, but very slow moving. Studies by James Cook University showed that while many dugongs traveled less than , some went as far as . Scientists believe that dugongs move long distances for several reasons. They may be looking for food, as cyclones or floods can affect the seagrass. Males may be following females, or looking for their own territory. If the water gets cold, less than 17 degrees Centigrade, they will travel to warmer areas. 

Because of their size, the only other species to attack dugongs are sharks, the Saltwater Crocodile and killer whales.

British Library

The British Library (BL) is the national library of the United Kingdom. It is on the north side of Euston Road in St Pancras, London, between Euston railway station and St Pancras railway station. The Library is a public institution and is one of the world's largest research libraries. Since 2000 the Chief Executive of the British Library has been Lynne Brindley.

The British Library contains over 170 million items in every language that is known. It has around 25 million books, more than any other library. It has manuscripts and historical items dating back as far as 300 BC. There are books, journals, newspapers, magazines, sound and music recordings, patents, databases, maps, stamps, prints, drawings and much more. 
The British Library, by the law of the United Kingdom, receives copies of every book that is published in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, including all foreign books that are sold in the UK. It also buys many books which are only published outside Britain and Ireland. The British Library adds about three million items to its collection every year. The British Library has about 388 miles (625 km) of shelves. 

The British Library, before it got its present name, started out as a group of collections made by several people in the 18th century and then given as part of a national library. The collectors were King George III, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Hans Sloane, and Robert Harley. The national library was part of the British Museum and was kept at various places, with some of the most important items always being on public display in the museum. 

The British Library was created in 1973 by the "British Library Act 1972". Since 1997 the main collection has been housed in a single new building on Euston Road next to St. Pancras railway station. In the middle of the building is a four-storey glass tower containing the ‘’King's Library’’, with 65,000 printed volumes along with other pamphlets, manuscripts and maps collected by King George III between 1763 and 1820. 

Not all of the collection is kept in this new building. Part of the collection is at the Document Supply Centre in Yorkshire and all the newspapers from before 1800 are kept at the newspaper library at Colindale, north-west London.

In December 2009 a new storage building at Boston Spa was opened. It cost £26million and will house seven million items, stored in more than 140,000 bar-coded containers, which are retrieved by robots, from the 262 kilometres of temperature- and humidity-controlled storage space.



Disk image

A disk image is a single computer file containing the complete contents of a device that contains data, such as a hard drive, tape drives, floppy disk, CD, DVD, BD, and key drive. 

A disk image file (or simply a disk image) is an exact binary copy of an entire disk or drive. Disk image files contain all the data stored on the source drive including not only its files and folders but also its boot sectors, file allocation tables, volume attributes and any other system-specific data. A disk image is not a collection of files or folders but is an exact duplicate of the raw data of the original disk, sector by sector.

R-Drive Image

R-Drive Image is a disk disk cloning and system backup computer program. The program is developed and distributed by R-Tools Technology Inc., and intended for home and corporate users.

R-Drive Image uses a closed file format with the .rdi extension and an open format VMDK.



Parnitha

Parnitha is a mountain of Greece. It is in the south of Greece, in Attica peninsula. This mountain is the highest mountain in Attica, 1,413 meters high. The mountain is covered by dense vegetation. In the lower points is covered by Pine forests and in the higher points by Greek-fir forests. In the summer of 2007 a big part of forest was burnt because of a destructive wildfire.

John Dankworth

Sir John Dankworth, CBE (20 September 1927 - 6 February 2010), was an English jazz composer, saxophonist and clarinetist. He was widely thought of as Britain's most famous jazz musician. He had a very big influence in the development of jazz in Britain. He composed film music and several television theme tunes such as "The Avengers" and "Tomorrow's World". In his early career he was known as Johnny Dankworth He was the husband of jazz singer Cleo Laine. 

John Dankworth was born in Woodford and grew up in Highams Park, Essex. His father was a sales manager who worked for an electrical engineering firm. John soon found that he loved jazz. He played the clarinet in a jazz band when he was still at school.

In 1944 he went to study music at the Royal Academy of Music. He was playing the saxophone, too, but kept this a secret because jazz was not thought to be suitable for study at the RAM. 

When Dankworth did his National Service with the army, he often played in the army dance bands. He then got a job playing jazz on the Queen Mary which sailed regularly over the Atlantic Ocean to New York. In America he heard some of the greatest jazz players, especially Charlie Parker who played bebop.

Back in Britain Dankworth took many jobs to get experience playing in jazz bands. He was a member of a group called Club Eleven which played together for several years. He also formed a band called Johnny Dankworth Seven with Frank Holder, who played bebop in the style of Miles Davis. They started to get well-known, and in 1951 were joined by a young singer called Cleo Laine.

In 1953 the band broke up and Dankworth formed his first big band. It had eight brass instruments, five saxophones, a rhythm section and vocalists. The group was redesigned in 1956 when he put in a group of soloists instead of the saxophones. They often played on the radio and brought in guest artists who were not necessarily jazz musicians, e.g. the clarinettist Jack Brymer and the violinist Kenneth Essex as well as the music comedian and cartoonist Gerard Hoffnung.

In 1960 he gave up playing in the band to spend more time on composition. He wrote some very successful film music, e.g. "The Servant", "Darling", "Modesty Blaise" and "Morgan, A Suitable Case for Treatment". He wrote the television theme for "The Avengers" and "Tomorrow’s World", as well as lots of music for television adverts. He composed a musical version of "Lysistrata" together with Benny Green for the Bath Festival.

In 1958 he married Laine. He wrote many songs for her and played the beautiful accompaniments, often on the clarinet.

In 1969 they built a concert hall called "The Stables" in their garden in Wavendon in Milton Keynes. It became an important centre for concerts, educational programmes and cultural events.

Dankworth and Laine have two children: Alec who is a double bass player and Jacqui who is a singer. John formed a band which included Alec playing the double bass.

Dankworth set up scholarships for young musicians and often worked with young people. He encouraged educational work at "The Stables". He continued to work hard until shortly before his death.

Dankworth died in hospital in London on 6 February 2010. His death was announced a few hours later by Laine, who spoke to the audience at the end of a concert in "The Stables". She had told the performers before the concert began. She wanted the concert to be a celebration of his life. Alec and Jacqui were both performing in the show.

Dankworth was made a CBE in 1974 and was given a knighthood in 2006.

•The Daily Telegraph, 8 February 2010 p. 31: Sir John Dankworth – Obituary

Child abandonment

Child abandonment is when a parent leaves their child. There are many causes of child abandonment, including poverty or mental illness. In many countries, if a children are abandoned, they become orphans and live in an orphanage. They are raised there until they reach 18.

In the United States, "Safe Haven Laws" allow parents to leave their infants at certain safe places. The goal of these laws is to keep parents from leaving their infants in unsafe places, or killing them. In some states, leaving a baby at a Safe Haven is thought of as child abandonment, and a complaint may be filed in family court. But as long as the baby has not been hurt, the parents cannot be charged with a crime for leaving their baby at a Safe Haven. The baby is given to state child protection workers, who find a safe place for the baby and try to get him or her adopted. Hospitals, fire stations, and police stations are common Safe Havens.

Abandonment (or exposure) was a widely used method of getting rid of babies that parents did not want. Babies would be left outside, often in a pot or a vase, to die. It was practiced in ancient times, especially in Athens. The babies at the most risk were girls; babies with physical disabilities; ugly babies; children born to poor families; and babies who looked unwell. In past days, Women would not voice their thoughts on whether their babies were left to die. Due to the patriarchic structure of society, the fathers were the only ones who ultimately had a say.

Helix

In math, a helix is a curve in three dimensions. It looks a bit like a spiral. Each helix has a line called its axis. The helix has a constant angle to this line. Helices are often seen in nature and the sciences. 

The Cartoon Cartoon Show

The Cartoon Cartoon Show is the programming block that airs 15 Cartoon Cartoons on Cartoon Network. The block began airing in 2005 and has appeared on weekends at 8AM and 12PM ever since. The block also appears on weekdays at 2PM.

Parazoa

The Parazoa are an ancestral subkingdom of animals, literally translated as "beside the animals". Parazoans differ from their choanoflagellate ancestors in that they are macroscopic and have differentiated cells, but unlike "true animals" (Eumetazoa), they do not have tissues. Most people put Placozoa in Parazoa, but Placozoa can also be placed in the subkingdom Agnotozoa.

Theory of everything

The basic concept of the theory of everything is that one theory could explain every aspect of physics. The four basic forces of nature are gravity, the strong force, the weak force, and the electromagnetic force; the theory of general relativity explains gravity, and quantum mechanics explains the other three forces. Right now, no one theory that everyone accepts can explain all four forces.

String theory is a theory that could become the "theory of everything".

Unified field theory is a hope for a theory of fields in physics that will explain all natural phenomena. Theories in physics can be very different and even disagree with each other. This is true for example for quantum mechanics (the science of very small things) and general relativity (the science of space and time). The goal of unified field theory is to take all the different parts of physics and combine them into one theory that explains everything. The Standard Model comes close to a unified field theory, combining everything except general relativity.

Dichotomous key

A dichotomous key is a series of questions with only two alternatives. There are only two options at each step. The purpose is to make an identification or to reach a decision. The system has long been used for identifying animals and plants. However, in principle, it can be used for many other tasks, such as fault-finding in complex machinery.

KISS principle

The KISS principle is "Keep It Simple, Stupid". It is an acronym, with the letters KISS making the beginnings of the important words. It was used as a principle for design by the U.S. Navy in 1960. The phrase is said to have been first used by Kelly Johnson, lead engineer at the Lockheed Skunk Works.

There are several variations of the phrase, such as "Keep it short and simple".


Linguistic reduction

Linguistic reductions are lost sounds in words, which happens in spoken English. For instance, "going to" changes to "gonna". The most common reductions are contractions. Most contractions are reductions of 'not'. For instance, "cannot" becomes "can't". Many contractions are reductions between a subject and a verb. For instance, "He is..." becomes "He's..."

Some reductions are known to language learners, such as the reduction of a verb and "to". Examples are "going to" becoming "gonna" and "want to" becoming "wanna".

Linguistic reductions are part of natural English and should not be considered slang or improper.

There are several basic categories of reductions:

Tokyo Metro

The is one of two rapid transit systems making up the Tokyo subway system, the other being Toei.

"Note:" Including the 8.3 km stretch between Wakoshi and Kotake-mukaihara shared with Yurakucho Line.

Glomma

Glomma is the longest river in Norway. It is long. It runs from Aursund to Fredrikstad.

Random sample

A random sample is a sample taken at random from a population of data. 

In a random sample every element in the population has an equal chance of being selected. For instance, to do an election poll, calling people randomly out of the phone book would be better than asking people at a labor union meeting or at a small business convention. A page of the phone book is a more random sample of voters than a union meeting, so the result is more likely to tell who will really be elected. But neither sample is really random because for one thing, some people do not have phones. 


Urban contemporary

Urban contemporary or urban music is a kind of music played on the radio. It comes from cities. The first person to use this word was the now dead New York DJ Frankie Crocker in the mid 1970s. Urban contemporary radio stations play only hip hop/rap, contemporary R&B, more urban-styled pop, and on occasion, Caribbean music such as reggae and reggaeton. Urban contemporary came from R&B and Soul. Almost all Urban contemporary type radio stations are found in cities that have lots of African-American people. Some cities that have Urban contemporary stations are; Los Angeles, California, New York City, Atlanta, Georgia, Chicago, Fayetteville, North Carolina, Charlotte, and Norfolk, Virginia, etc.

The words "urban contemporary" make people think of African American music, like R&B. For Latino people, the music is more like music from Latin neighborhoods, such as Reggaeton, Hip hop from South America, or bachata.

These stations try to sell their music to African-Americans between the ages of 18 and 34. Their playlists are mainly singles by popular hip hop and R&B artists. Sometimes, an urban contemporary station will play classic soul music songs from the '70s and early '80s to make old people happy.

Some radio stations in cities, like KJLH, KMEL, KDAY, and WVEE, will play gospel and Christian R&B/hip-hop music on Sundays.

Cleo Laine

Dame Cleo Laine, Lady Dankworth, DBE (born 28 October 1927) is a British jazz singer and an actress. She was born in Southall, Middlesex to a white English mother and black Jamaican father. She is famous for her scat singing and for being able to sing very high and very low notes.

She is the only female performer to have received Grammy nominations in the jazz, popular and classical music categories. Laine is the widow of jazz composer Sir John Dankworth.

State Senator

A state senator is a member of a state's Senate, the upper house in the bicameral legislature of 49 U.S. states, or a legislator in Nebraska's one house State Legislature.

There are usually fewer state senators than there are members in a state's lower house. In the past, this meant that senators represented different regions within a state, not according to the population of the region. This was a way of balancing the power of the lower house, where the numbers for each state were related to the state's population. In 1963, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must give seats in both houses depending on the population of the state.

Bicameral

A bicameral system of government is one where there are two legislative or parliamentary chambers. The word comes from the Latin "bi" (meaning two) and "camera" (meaning chamber). In most cases they have different numbers of members. The smaller legislature is often called the "upper house" or "senate" and the larger is called the "lower house", and sometimes also called by another name such as "assembly" or "commons". For legislation to be passed, bicameral legislatures normally need a majority of members of both chambers to vote for the legislation.

Experts sometimes point out that often deadlocks occur in this kind of system. This can make it harder to pass laws. But others point out the checks and balances this system maintains. This prevents laws from being passed that favor a certain political faction, the government or group of people.



<br>

Unicameralism

In government, unicameralism is when there is only one legislative or parliamentary chamber. Therefore, a unicameral legislature or unicameral parliament is a legislature with one chamber. It comes from the Latin "uni" (meaning one) and "camera" (meaning chamber).

Unicameral legislatures are used around the world.

Since 1937, the US State of Nebraska’s Nebraska Legislature has been unicameral, however all other US states use a bicameral system.


Nebraska Legislature

The Nebraska Legislature is the highest legislative body of the U.S. state of Nebraska. It meets at the Nebraska State Capitol in the City of Lincoln in Lancaster County. It is build in the Art Deco style.

Nebraska's Legislature is unusual because it is unicameral, unlike all the rest of the U.S. state legislatures. It is also the smallest state legislature in the United States of America, as it only has 49 members.

Upper house

An upper house is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature. The other chamber is called the lower house.


Lower house

A lower house is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature. The other chamber is called the upper house.

Although it is called the "lower" house, in many legislatures in the world it actually has more power than the "upper" house.


William-Adolphe Bouguereau

William-Adolphe Bouguereau (born November 30, 1825) was a French painter. Bouguereau was a traditionalist of academic art and his style did not change much throughout his painting career. He was a popular artist in his day. Rich customers liked his photo-realistic style. He liked to paint classical scenes and scenes from ancient mythology.

As a boy Bouguereau was born into a family of wine and olive oil sellers. His parents wanted him to join the family business when he became an adult. His uncle, however, arranged for him to get a proper education at school. Bouguereau showed great talent for art. One of his father’s customers talked him into sending William to a famous art college. There he won first place for one of his paintings. To earn extra money he designed labels for fruit jellies and jams.

Bouguereau liked to paint pictures of women. He was known for being able to make his subject look prettier than she really was. 

In 1856, he married Marie-Nelly Monchablon and had five children. In the late 1850s he made a profitable friendship with a successful art dealer. This art dealer made William famous even in other countries. William was able to buy a big house and studio with his growing fortune.
He was a hard working painter. He would make a thorough study and sketch of what he planned to paint. The great way he painted skin, hands and feet was well known. He eventually became a teacher at a French art college. 

Near the end of his life he described his love of his art: “Each day I go to my studio full of joy; in the evening when obliged to stop because of darkness I can scarcely wait for the next morning to come…if I cannot give myself to my dear painting I am miserable”. He painted eight hundred and twenty-six paintings.

Bouguereau died at the age of 79 on August 19, 1905 from heart disease.

Carrot cake

Carrot cake is a sweet and moist spice cake, full of cut carrots and toasted nuts, and covered in cream cheese icing. One part of the cake is that the orange flakes of cut carrot give the cake color and texture, along with sweetness and moisture.

To make carrot cake, all the wet ingredients, such as the typical eggs, vegetable oil, yogurt, melted butter and, are mixed together. Then, all the dry ingredients; such as flour, grated carrots, baking powder, baking soda, allspice, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, sugar, brown sugar are typically then mixed together, and the wet are then added to the dry. Many carrot cake recipes have optional ingredients, such as nuts, raisins, pineapple, or coconut.

Carrot cake may be eaten plain, but it is commonly either glazed or covered with white icing or cream cheese icing and walnuts, often cut. Often they are decorated with frosting or marzipan made to look like carrots. They are popular in loaf, sheet cake and cupcake form, and (in the United Kingdom as well as North America) can be found pre-packaged at grocery stores, and fresh at bakeries. Some carrot cakes are even layered.



Rann of Kutch

Rann of Kutch (Urdu:رن کچھ) is a large area of Salt marshes located mostly in Gujarat (primarily the Kutch District), Republic of India and the southern tip of Sindh province, Pakistan. It is divided into two main parts; Great Rann of Kutch and Little Rann of Kutch. It is entirely claimed by Pakistan as part of Sindh. It is about big and is reputed to be the largest salt desert in the world. The Rann of Kachchh is Homeland of the Kutchi people.

The Rann of Kachchh is located in the Thar Desert bio-geographic area in Gujarat with some parts in Pakistani province of Sindh. It is a seasonally marshy region, the word "Rann" meaning "salt marsh", alternating with "medaks", elevated pieces of land where vegetation grows.

Kachchh is the name of the District currently in Gujarat (Western India), but as part of Sindh where this region is situated. The Marsh covers a huge area of around 10,000 square miles and is positioned between the Gulf of Kutch and the mouth of the Indus River in southern Pakistan. To the northeast corner of the Rann of Kachchh lies the Luni River, originating in Sakastan.

This inhospitable salty lowland, rich in Natural gas, is one scene of the perennial border disputes between Bharat and Pakistan that, in April 1965, contributed to the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. Later the same year, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Harold Wilson persuaded the combatants to end hostilities and establish a Tribunal to resolve the Territorial dispute. A verdict was reached in 1968 which saw Pakistan getting 10% of its claim of . 90% was awarded to India, although India still claims 100% of the region. Tensions may spurt again if the issue one many between them is not resolved.

The Rann of Kachchh is the only large Flooded grasslands zone in the whole Indo-Malayan region of the planet.
The fact that the area has desert on one side and the sea on the other provides the Rann of Kachchh with a variety of ecosystems, including Mangroves and Desert vegetation. The grassland and deserts of the Rann of Kachchh are home to forms of wildlife that have adapted to the often harsh conditions of this vast area. These include Endemic and Endangered animal and plant species. The marsh covers an area of around . It is between the Gulf of Kutch and the mouth of the Indus River in southern Pakistan.

The region is important for Biodiversity.

The unique handicrafts of Kutch are world famous. A lot of women and young girls make their living by selling different types of embroidered cloths. The embroidery is of various styles such as Rabari, Ahir, Sindhi, Banni, Mutwa, Ari and Soof - and some styles include mirror or bead inlay.



Kutch district

Kutch district (also spelled Kutch or Kachchh, ) is a formerly-independent district of Gujarat state in western Republic of India. Covering an area of 45,612 km², it is the largest district in the state of Gujarat and also the largest district of India. Only the Leh, in Indian-administered Kashmir is larger.

Atari 5200

The Atari 5200 SuperSystem, or simply the Atari 5200, was a video game console which came out in 1982. It was made by Atari Inc. and was meant as a replacement to the popular Atari 2600. Atari wanted the 5200 to compete with the Intellivision, but it competed more closely with the ColecoVision.

The 5200 was based on Atari Inc.'s 400/800 computers. Even though the internal hardware was almost identical, the code in the software was not. Design mistakes meant that the 5200 had problems with its use. These problems made it a market failure.

The game's Atari 400-based design made for a design which Atari Inc. could quickly build and sell.

While it was being designed, the Atari 5200 called the "Atari Video System X - Advanced Video Computer System." Atari protected the design with a codename, "Pam," after a female employee at Atari. A rumor said that "Pam" or "PAM" actually stood for "Personal Arcade Machine." This was because most games for the system were based on existing arcade games. Actual working "Atari Video System X" machines, whose hardware is 100% identical to the Atari 5200 do exist, but they are extremely rare.

The first 1982 release had four controller ports, where nearly all other systems of the day had only two. The 5200 also featured a very special new controller with an analog joystick, numeric keypad, two fire buttons on both sides of the controller and game function keys for Start, Pause, and Reset. Another special thing was the first automatic TV switchbox. Older game systems which attached to a television's antenna leads required the user to slide a switch on the adapter by hand. This RF box was also where the game's power supply connected in a unique dual power/television signal setup similar to the RCA Studio II's. A single cable coming out of the 5200 plugged into the switch box and was used for both electricity and the television signal.

The 1983 version of the Atari 5200 has two controller ports instead of four. Atari changed back to the a simpler separate power supply and manual RF switch. It also had changes in the cartridge port to allow for the Atari 2600 adapter released that year. While the adapter was only made to work on the two-port version, modifications can be made to the four-port to make it compatible. In fact, towards the end of the four-port model's production run, there were a limited number of consoles produced which included these modifications. These consoles can be identified by an asterisk in their serial number.

The prototypes used to design the controller's electrical systems used a so-called "yoke and gimbal" taken from a radio control system used to fly model airplanes. This simple design gave very nice control and was highly reliable. The actual controllers sold with the game were quite different and a great disappointment to the development teams. The design of the analog joystick, which used a weak rubber boot rather than springs to center the stick, caused many joysticks to have no ability to center. Another major flaw of the controllers was that the design did not provide smooth control through the travel of the stick. This made controlling games awkward. The controllers did, however, include a pause button. This was a novelty at the time, but would become standard on almost all future game systems. Replacement joysticks were also released by other manufacturers.

Atari Inc. released the Pro-Line Trak-Ball controller for the system, which was used for titles such as "Centipede" or "Defender". A paddle controller and an updated self-centering version of the original controller were also being worked on, but never made it to market.

In the web-video-game review show, James Rolfe's "The Angry Video Game Nerd", Rolfe's character is shown as being very frustrated with trying to use the controllers and Pro-Line Trak Ball as neither of them work properly. Other instances of web game review shows disliking the controller are on shows such as Mark Bussler's "Classic Game Room", where the host is shown stating that the Atari 5200 controllers are the worst game console controllers of all time.

The controller was ranked the 10th worst video game controller by IGN editor Craig Harris.

Although the Atari 5200's insides were very much like that of the 400/800 home computers, the differences were enough so that games designed for one would not run directly on the other.

One of the most obvious differences was the 5200's lack of a keyboard. However, there were several others:

Atari Corp.'s later XE Games System revisited the idea of a console based on the 400/800 hardware. However, as this was essentially just a 65XE computer with a keyboard which could be removed, it was able to run most of the home computer titles directly.

The Atari 5200 could not run software for the still-popular Atari 2600. An adapter was later released in 1983 allowing it to play all Atari 2600 games, using the more reliable controllers from the 2600.

Another problem was the lack of attention that Atari Inc. gave to the console; most of its attention went to the older Atari 2600. It faced an uphill battle competing with the ColecoVision's head start and a video game market which was beginning to fade.

At one point, Atari Inc. planned on developing a smaller, less expensive version of the Atari 5200 which would have gotten rid of the controller storage bin. Code-named the "Atari 5100" (a.k.a. "Atari 5200 Jr."), only a few fully-working prototype Atari 5100s were made before the project was canceled.

On May 21, 1984, during a press conference at which the Atari 7800 was introduced, company executives revealed that the 5200 had been discontinued. Total sales of the 5200 were reportedly in excess of 1 million units.

"Note: These descriptions are very technical. They are meant to be understood by people with lots of computer experience."



Absinthe spoon

An absinthe spoon is simply a special spoon, placed over a glass of absinthe. There are holes in the spoon, over which a sugar cube is placed. Then, cold water is poured over the sugar to dilute and sweeten the absinthe.

Domain name

A domain name is a human-readable web address (e.g. "google.com") that points to an IP address and helps users to access websites or other resources in a convenient way.

"See main article: URL" 

Domain names have extensions (called "top-level domains") at the end of the URL. For example ".com", ".net" and ".org" are the most commonly used domain name extensions. The most popular domain extension is .com with more than 100 million domains registered. The .com extension stands for "commercial", .org for organization and .net for network.

There are also country-specific domain name extensions. For example, the United Kingdom has the ".uk" domain extension and Japan has ".jp".

Edinburgh International Festival

The Edinburgh International Festival is a festival of music, theatre, opera, dance, visual arts and literature that takes place every year in the city of Edinburgh, Scotland. Each year it is held for about three weeks in late August and early September.

The festival started in 1947. A key person was Rudolf Bing, who was then the manager of the Glyndbourne Opera Festival. Bing was later General Manager of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City from 1950 to 1972. He was naturalized as a British subject in 1946 and knighted in 1971. His idea was to heal the wounds of war through the languages of the arts. Since 2014 the director of the festival has been Fergus Linehan.

At first the Festival concentrated on classical music. Its later events were based on the traditional arts: classical music, ballet, sculpture and fine art. Since 1999 the permanent home of the festival is at The Hub, near Edinburgh Castle. Several large theatres, concert halls and churches in Edinburgh are used for the events, e.g. Usher Hall, Festival Theatre, Edinburgh Playhouse, The Queen's Hall and The Hub. 

About ten other festivals are held in Edinburgh at the same time as the Edinburgh Festival. The result is festivals with more than 2,500 performances and events per day in Edinburgh in August, many times bigger than the next biggest arts festivals anywhere in the world.

2020 is the only year the Festival has not been held. The reason was the 2020 Covid-19 pandemic.



Edinburgh Festival Fringe

The Edinburgh Festival Fringe (The Fringe) is the world’s largest arts festival. It started in 1947. It takes place every year at the same time as the Edinburgh International Festival: late August and early September. There are hundreds of different events. There are concerts, theatre, opera, and dance and many informal events.

The organisers are the Festival Fringe Society: they publish a programme every year, sell tickets and give advice to performers from the Fringe office on the Royal Mile.

The Edinburgh Festival itself is recognised to offer high-quality events. However, the Fringe events are variable, and entry has no real quality barriers. It is largely an open event where almost any theatrical or show event can be performed. Its lack of supervision means the shows are of unpredictable standard. All events have an entrance charge, which is reasonable because theatres do charge performers. 


Ante Pavelić

Ante Pavelić (14 July 1889 ; Bradina,Austria-Hungary– 28 December 1959 ; Madrid,Spain) was the founding member of the Croatian national socialist/fascist Ustaše movement and terrorist organization in the 1930s. Later, during World War II, he will be the leader ("Poglavnik" - Head) of the Independent State of Croatia, a puppet state of Nazi Germany.

Ante Pavelić was born in Bradina, a small village roughly 15 kilometres south west of Hadžići in Bosnia and Herzegovina, then Austria-Hungary, although he draws his roots from southern Lika, in the small town of Krivi Put on the central part of the Velebit plain. His parents moved to Bosnia. As an adult, Ante Pavelić decided to move to Zagreb to study the law. An extremist even in his youth, he became a member of the organization known as the "Frankovci" whose founder, Dr. Josip Frank, was the father-in-law of Slavko Kvaternik, an Austro-Hungarian army officer. In 1919 he was the interim secretary of the Pure Party of Rights. In 1921 he was arrested along with several other members of the party but was released; he defended them at the trial and lost. Kvaternik had long been a strong advocate of Croat separatism and the German ideas on a separate Croat state found in him a ready tool.

Pavelić's quarrelsome nature became more and more apparent in the years immediately after the first war when he became involved in one dispute after another with the Centralist Party and the Croat Peasant Party of Radić. He was the sole representative of his Party in the "Skupština" (Yugoslav Parliament) but rarely attended sessions and, when he did, he sulked in his seat and only occasionally indulged in a long harangue in protest against some measure which he did not approve.

In the early 1920s, Pavelić began to establish his contacts with Croat émigrées in Vienna and Budapest and later entered into close accord with the Macedonian terrorist society IMRO. In 1927 he acted as counsel for the defense of the Macedonian terrorists at the Skopje trials. 

In 1927 he was elected to the Zagreb city council. He held the position of the party secretary in the Party of Rights until 1929 and the beginning of royal government in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Shortly after the proclamation of the establishment of the government Alexander I of Yugoslavia in January 1929, Pavelić fled abroad and was subsequently sentenced to death in absentia at Belgrade for his part in anti-Serb demonstrations organized at Sofia by Bulgarian and Macedonian terrorists. He then co-founded the Ustaše terrorist organization and went underground.

Camps for training terrorists and saboteurs were set up in Italy and Hungary, chiefly at Brescia and Borgotaro in Italy and Janka Puszta in Hungary and an armed insurrection was attempted in 1933 when the Ustaše, armed by the Italians, attempted to invade the country by crossing the Adriatic sea in motorboats. This was unsuccessful but its lack of success probably was instrumental in the decision to assassinate King Alexander I of Yugoslavia. Two attempts were made, the last one successful and Aleksandar was slain at Marseilles 9 October 1934 along with the French Foreign Minister, Louis Barthou.

The singular lack of armed protection afforded to the Yugoslav monarch, and the general laxity of security precautions when it was well-known that one attempt had already been made on Alexander's life are grim tributes to Pavelić organizational abilities; he had apparently been able to bribe a high official in the Surete General. The Prefect of Police of Marseilles, Jouhannaud, was subsequently removed from office.

Pavelić remained in Italy until the beginning of World War II. As the leader of the Ustaše he directly ordered, organized and conducted a campaign of terror against Serbs, Jews, Gypsies, and communist Croats and Bosniaks. The extent of this campaign reached the proportions of genocide. Pavelić's Ustaše regime was the most murderous Nazi puppet state in the whole of occupied Europe. Numerous surviving testimonies from the Nuremberg Trials and the German and the Italian war archives bear witness to bestialities perpetrated against the civilian population of the state. According to these testimonies, the German officers themselves were horrified by the scenes of atrocities committed by his Ustaše, forcing them to stop the bloodshed (Jasenovac, 1941), arrest one of the most notorious Ustaše (Fra Miroslav Filipović-Majstorović, Banja Luka, 1942) and disarm an Ustaše detachment (Eastern Bosnia, 1942). 
These atrocities were recorded in novelistic literature and poetry: Malaparte's Kaputt "Basket of oysters chapter", inspired by the widespread practices of the Ustaše gouging out the eyes of Serbs; Kovačić's "Jama (The Pit)", where Ustaše tied Serbs with barbed wire and dropped them into pits; Oljača's "Kozara"; Svetina's "Volčiči (The Wolf Puppies)". As far as the Serb population of the puppet state was concerned, the stated aim was the extermination of a third of their numbers, exile for another third, and a forced conversion to Catholicism for yet another. The Ustaše succeeded in reaching their first goal, exterminating close to one third of the Serbs and possibly more. A Gestapo report to Himmler (17 February 1942) on increased Partisan activities stated that "Increased activity of the bands is chiefly due to atrocities carried out by Ustasha units in Croatia against the Orthodox population. The Ustashas committed their deeds in a bestial manner not only against males of conscript age, but especially against helpless old people, women and children. The number of the Orthodox that the Croats have massacred and sadistically tortured to death is about three hundred thousand." 
Pavelić's regime was not officially recognized by the Vatican, but at no point did the Church condemn the genocide and forced conversions to Catholicism perpetrated by the Ustaše. Soon after coming to power in April 1941 Pavelić was given a private audience in Rome by Pope Pius XII, an act for which the Pope was widely criticized. A British Foreign Office memo on the subject described Pius as "the greatest moral coward of our age" for receiving Pavelić. Pavelic remained Hitler's servant to the end of war. His servitude toward Hitler was described by A. Veesenmayer

What Pavelic meant by "independence" he explained to German foreign minister Ribentrop's trusted troubleshooter for the southeast Europe, Anton Veesenmeyer. Pavelic had only two wishes, Veesenmayer reported to Berlin: first to obtain German recognition of Croatia; and second, an opportunity to thank Hitler in person and promise him "to live and die for the Fuehrer".

A Yugoslavian court declared that Pavelić had been responsible for the deaths of 700,000 people during his reign.

In May 1945 Pavelić fled via Bleiburg to Austria, where he stayed for a few months before transferring to Rome, where he was hidden by members of the Roman Catholic Church (as is documented in de-classified US Intelligence documents).

Six months later, he fled to South America. Upon arriving in Argentina via the ratlines, he became a security advisor to Juan Perón. Perón issued 34,000 visas to Croatians: both the Nazi collaborators and the anti-communists that fled from the new communist government led by Josip Broz Tito.

On April 10, 1957, the 16th anniversary of the founding of the Independent State of Croatia, the 67 year old Pavelić was shot and seriously wounded by an unknown assailant in Buenos Aires. The operation was attributed to Tito's Yugoslav intelligence, although the anniversary also suggested an attempt at revenge by a Chetnik activist. Despite having a bullet in his spine, Pavelić elected not to be hospitalized. Two weeks later, the Argentine government agreed to the Tito government's request to extradite Pavelić, and he went into hiding. Although there were reports that he had fled to work for the Stroessner regime in Paraguay, Pavelić's whereabouts remained unknown until late 1959, where it was learned that he had been granted asylum in Spain. Pavelić died on 28 December 1959, at the German hospital in Madrid, reportedly from complications due to the bullet in his spine.




Protea

The Protea (giant Protea known as Protea cynaroides) is part of an ancient plant family, the Proteaceae, which had already divided into two subfamilies before the break-up of the Gondwanaland continent about 140 million years ago. Both subfamilies, the Proteoideae and the Grevilleoideae, occur mainly in the southern hemisphere. In southern Africa there are about 360 species, mainly from the subfamily Proteoideae, of which more than 330 species are confined to the Cape Foral Kingdom, between Nieuwoudtville in the northwest and Grahamstown in the east. Protea cynaroides belongs to the genus Protea, which has more than 92 species, subspecies and varieties. Other well-known genera of the Proteaceae are the Leucospermum with the brightly coloured "pincushion" flowers, Leucadendron with yellow or red-brown foliage and Serruria, of which the Serruria Florida or "Blushing Bride" with its pale pink flowers is widely used in bridal bouquets. Plants in the subfamily Grevilleoideae occur mainly in Australia. The Protea (Protea cynaroides) is the national flower of South Africa.

The variety in plant size, habit, flower size and colour of the genus Protea was the reason it was named after the Greek god Proteus, who could change his shape at will. The flower bud of Protea cynaroides looks remarkably like the globe artichoke vegetable with the Latin name of Cynara scolymus and this led the botanist Linnaeus to give it the species name cynaroides.

The protea can grow only after a fire. As a simple explanation, it is because the head of this national flower has seeds inside, which can stay tightly sealed in a hard shell for almost 20 years. The shell does not open until it becomes scorched and the fire is all over. The light, fluffy seeds are then blown to the ground by the wind, where they all begin to grow again.

Air pollution

Air pollution is a type of environmental pollution that affects the air and is usually caused by smoke or other harmful gases, mainly oxides of carbon, Sulphur and nitrogen.

In other words, air pollution is the contamination of air due to the presence or introduction of a substance which has a poisonous effect.

Many of the world's large cities today have polluted air or low air and complain about it’s daily 
quality. 

Even 2,000 years ago, the Romans were complaining about the polluted air in their cities. At that time, the air was thick with smoke from fires and the smell of sewers. Air pollution has been classified as a danger to human health and Earth's many ecosystems for a long time.

Pollution can be gas , liquid or solid. It can also be classified chemically, such as:- oxide, hydrocarbon, acid or other kinds. Pollution can also be classified by what makes it.

Many pollutants go into the air from natural sources. These pollutants include dust, sea salt, volcanic ashes and gases, smoke from forest fires, pollen, and many other materials. In fact, there are many more natural pollutants than pollutants that humans make. However, humans and other living things have adapted to most of these natural pollutants.

Air pollution is usually described as either "primary pollutants" or "secondary pollutants".Primary pollutants are pollutants that are put directly into the air by humans or natural sources. Examples of primary pollutants are exhaust fumes (gas) from cars, soot from smoke, dust storms and ash from volcanic eruptions (as seen in the picture on the left).

Secondary pollutants are pollutants that are made from chemical reactions when pollutants mix with other primary pollutants or natural substances like water vapor. Many secondary pollutants are made when a primary pollutant reacts with sunlight. Ozone and smog are secondary pollutants. Ozone is a gas that stops harmful ultraviolet rays from the sun. When it is near the ground, though, it can poison people and other organisms.

Human-made air pollution comes from many things. Most air pollution made by humans today is because of transportation. Automobiles , for instance, make about 60% of the human-made air pollution. The gases inside car exhaust, like nitrogen oxide, make smog and acid rain.

Farmlands and forests sometimes burn in wildfires producing soot (a black powder composed mainly of carbon, produced when coal, grasses, wood etc. is burned) from smoke. Soot can affect people and other life. People start many of those fires.

Many industrial power plants burn fossil fuels to get their energy. However, burning fossil fuels can make a lot of oxides (chemical compounds that have oxygen and other elements inside). In fact, the burning of fossil fuels makes 96% of the sulphur oxides in the atmosphere. Some industries also make chemicals that make poisonous fumes (smoke).

Air pollution is not only on the outside. Homes, schools, and buildings can also have air pollution. Sometimes the air inside a building is even worse than the air outside. Many things which humans use every day can pollute the air. Compounds inside carpets, paints, building materials and furniture also pollute the air, especially when they are new.

In buildings where the windows are tightly shut to stop air leaks, the air inside can be polluted more than the air outside.

Acid precipitation is precipitation, like rain, sleet, or snow, that contains acids from air pollution. When fossil fuels are burned, they let out oxides into the air. When these oxides mix with water in the atmosphere, they make acid, which fall as precipitation. Acid precipitation can kill living things like fish and trees, by making the place where they live too acidic. Acid rain can also damage buildings made of limestone and concrete.

A global concern is the hole in the ozone layer in the stratosphere. The Earth's ozone layer protects life from the Sun's harmful ultraviolet rays, but in the 1970s, scientists found out that some chemicals let out into the atmosphere makes the ozone turn into oxygen. This lets more ultraviolet rays reach the Earth. During the 1980s, scientists found that the ozone layer above the South Pole had thinned by 50 to 98%.

On March 17, 1992, in Mexico City, all children under the age of 14 could not go to school because of air pollution. This does not often happen, but being exposed to air pollution every day can make people have many health problems. Children, elderly (old) people, and people with allergies especially, can have a lot of problems because of air pollution. Studies from the University of Birmingham showed that deaths because of pneumonia and air pollution from motor vehicles like cars are related.

The World Health Organization said that 2.4 million people died because of the direct problems of air pollution. Some of the problems include:



In India in 2014, it was reported that air pollution had cut crop yields in the most affected areas by almost half in 2010 when compared to 1980 levels. There can also be increased yield of crops due to some air quality conditions.




Louis-Antoine de Bougainville

Louis-Antoine de Bougainville was an admiral and navigator from France. In 1766 he was sent by his government to make a trip around the world, called "circumnavigation", which took from 1766 to 1769. He rediscovered (found again) the Solomon Islands in 1768 (the largest island is named for him). He also collected plants and made a trustworthy chart of some parts of the center of the Pacific Ocean. Bougainville saw a part of the Great Barier Reef, but could not find Australia.


Bougainville

Bougainville may refer to:


Gerardus Mercator

Gerardus Mercator, also called Gerhard Kremer, and born Gérard de Crémère (1512 – 1594), was a Flemish geographer and mathematician from Belgium. He explored Flanders and made globes about the earth and the sky. He became one of the best mapmakers of the 16th century. The Mercator projection that has his name is a flat map projection of the features of the surface of the earth that can be seen and made only mathematically. It was found to be excellent for navigating on oceans and is still used today. In 1585 he began a great atlas that was later finished by his son. His last years he used for studying theology.

Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg.


Almond cake

Almond cake is a cake, made of butter, sugar, almond essence, eggs, ground almonds, and flour, with whole almonds for decoration.

Some types of almond cake are:

Countries of the United Kingdom

The countries of the United Kingdom are the non-sovereign countries that make up the UK. They share the same head of state, passport, military and sovereignty under the name of the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland". 

In decreasing order of area they are:


ḪễệḞ¿《》《》––————————————The United Nations and UK government says that the United Kingdom is officially made up of 2 countries (England and Scotland), one principality (Wales) and one province (Northern Ireland). However, Wales has not formally been a principality since the 16th century with the . In 2011 the International Organization for Standards Wales the status of country to clear ambiguity and avoid further confusion. Northern Ireland has been described variously as a country, province or region. 

Ante Starčević

Ante Starčević (23 May 1823 – 28 February 1896) was a Croatian politician and publisher.

Starčević was born in Žitnik near Gospić, a small town of the Military Frontiers, in what was then part of Austria-Hungary. He was the son of a Serb Orthodox mother and Catholic father. In 1845, he graduated from secondary school in Zagreb. He started his studies at the seminary (school where people can learn how to become a priest or minister) in Senj, but moved to Pest in the year of 1845 so he could go to a Roman Catholic theological (of the study of God or gods) seminary - which he finished in 1848. After passing a number of philosophy and free sciences classes, he earned a honoris causa degree in the year of 1846. Starčević quickly returned to Croatia and continued studying theology in Senj. Instead of becoming a priest, he chose to get involved in secular pursuits and started working in the law firm of Ladislav Šram in Zagreb.

He then tried to get an academic post with the University of Zagreb. As he was unsuccessful, he stayed in Šram's office until 1861 even though he was no longer allowed to practice law since 1857. He was also a member of the committee of Matica ilirska, a Croatian cultural society, in the Historical Society and in the editorial board of "Neven", a literary magazine.

In 1861, he was appointed the chief notary of the Fiume county. That same year, he was elected to the Croatian Parliament as the representative of Fiume and started the Croatian Party of Rights with Eugen Kvaternik. Starčević would be reelected to the parliament in 1865, 1871, and from 1878 to his death.

In 1862, when Fiume was the scene of protests against Austrian Empire, he had to stay in prison for one month because he was thought to be enemy of the government. When he was released, Starčević returned to Šram's office, where he stayed until 11 October 1871, when he was arrested again, this time on the occasion of the Rakovica Revolt. The rebellion was started by Kvaternik, who was not a Serb hater as his political ally Starčević. Kvaternik had become convinced that a political solution, as Starčević called for, was not possible. While several hundred men were rebelling against the government, both Croats and Serbs, it was soon defeated by Imperial Austrian troops. The Croatian Party of Rights didn't exist anymore. Starčević was released after two months in prison.

In the last decade of the 19th century, he moved to Starčević House ("Starčevićev dom"), built for him by the Party of Rights in 1895. He died in his house a year later, when he was 73. According to his wish, he was buried in the Church of St Mirko in the Zagreb suburb of Šestine. His statue was made by Ivan Rendić. At his deathbed, he requested that no monuments be raised to his honor, but his statue was put up in front of Starčević House in 1998.

After being banned from practicing law in 1857, Starčević travelled to Russia where he hoped he would gather support from the empire's eastern rival. When this failed, he travelled to France, pinning his hopes on French emperor Napoleon III. While in Paris, he published his work "La Croatie et la confédération italienne", considered by some to be the precursor to his Party of Rights' political program. In 1859, the Austrian Empire was defeated in the Second Italian War of Independence, during which time Starčević returned to Croatia. Austria lost control over Italy, and Austria's weakening status in the world paved the way for Starčević's career.

As the chief notary in Fiume in 1861, Starčević wrote "the four petitions of the Rijeka county", which are considered the basis of the political program of the Croatian Party of Rights. He pointed out that Croatia needed to determine its relationships with Austria and Hungary through international agreements. He demanded the reintegration of the Croatian lands, "the large kingdom of Croatia of old" (the Middle Age's Kingdom of Croatia), the homeland of one people, "with the same blood, language, past and (God willing) future".

On that ideological basis, he founded the Croatian Party of Rights with his school friend Eugen Kvaternik in 1861. The Party of Rights was clerical, conservative, and pro-Habsburg. Its only concession to nationalism was hostility to the Serbs who, since the incorporation of the "military frontiers" into Croatia in 1868, made up a quarter of the population. Starčević was the only parliamentary representative who agreed with Kvaternik's draft constitution of 26 June 1861. He advocated the termination of the Military Frontier and persuaded parliament to pass on 5 August 1861 the decision annulling any joint business with Austria.

He advocated the resolution of Bosnian issues by reforms and cooperation between the people and the nobility. Starčević believed that Bosniaks were the "the best Croats", and claimed that "Bosnian Muslims are a part of the Croatian people and of the purest Croatian blood".

Starčević wrote literary criticism, short stories, newspaper articles, philosophical essays, plays and political satire. He was also a translator.

His travelogue "From Lika" was published in Kušlan's magazine "Slavenski Jug" on 22 October 1848. He wrote four plays in the period 1851-52, but only the "Village Prophet" has been preserved. His translation of Anacreon from Ancient Greek was published in "Danica" in 1853. His critical review (1855) of Đurđević's "Pjesni razlike" was described by the Croatian literary historian Branko Vodnik as "our first genuine literary essay about older Dubrovnik literature". His opus shows an affinity with practical philosophy, which he calls "the science of life". As Josip Horvat said: "His literary work from 1849 to the end of 1853 made Ante Starčević the most prolific and original Croatian writer along with Mirko Bogović."

In 1850, incited by Ljudevit Gaj, Starčević started working on the manuscript of "Istarski razvod", a crucial Croatian document from 1325. He transcribed the text from the Glagolitic alphabet to the Latin alphabet, analyzed it and published it in 1852. In the foreword, young Starčević elaborated his linguistic ideas, pointing out that the mixture of all three Croatian dialects (Shtokavian, Chakavian) and Kajkavian) and the Krajina dialect is called the Croatian language, which Starčević considers from the perspective of its six hundred years of history. Starčević accepted the etymological orthography and used the ekavian form for his entire life, considering it the heir of the old Kajkavian. His language is a "synthetic" form of Croatian, never used before or after him, most similar to the Ozalj idiom of Petar Zrinski, whom he probably never read.

In that period, in the "Call for Subscriptions to the Croatian Grammar" (8 December, 1851) he stated his opposition to the Vienna Language Agreement of 1850 and the linguistic concept of Vuk Stefanović Karadžić. He continued his dispute with the followers of Karadžić in a series of articles published in 1852. His opposition to the Vuk's work he 'supported' by utter denial of the Serbs as the nation, their language, their culture and history. In his vain and racistic effors to oppose and derail Karadžić's work, he was loner and loser - mainstream of the Croatian educated men, headed by Strossmayer and Gaj, highly appreciated and supported Karadžić. It was demonstrated publicly immediately after Karadžić's death - when Croatian Parliament (Sabor) collected a considerable amount of money in order to erect a monument to honor Karadžić in Croatia and the Court chanchellor Ivan Mažuranić got the Viennese Imperial Court to financially support the Karadžić' widow.

When "Srbski dnevnik" from Novi Sad published an article saying that "Croatians write in Serbian", Starčević wrote a fierce reply: "(...) Instead of claiming that the Croats use anything else but the Croatian language, those writers who consider themselves Serbs (or whatever they like) would do well to write in the educated and pure Croatian language, like some of them are already doing, and they can call their language Coptic for all I care. (...)" He published the reply as an unsigned article in "Narodne novine", the newspaper of Ljudevit Gaj, so the Serbian side attacked Gaj, wrongly attributing the article to him. Starčević subsequently proclaimed he was the author, but Gaj, who cared to maintain good relations with Serbia, distanced himself from his friend.

For his political activity and literary work, Starčević is commonly called Father of the Nation ("Otac domovine") in Croatia. His portrait is depicted on the obverse of the Croatian 1000 Croatian kuna banknote, issued in 1993.

Starčević was a racist and an anti-Semite. His understanding of the basic human rights and the way he linked them to the civil liberties were extremely primitive and selective. For example, Starčević criticized the socialism as ""unshaped"" and he was delighted by the colonialism and claimed that ""Algeria should be densely populated by a few million of happy Frenchmen and not to allow to have one hundred fifty thousand of them against two and half million of Arabs"".

Starčević had based his ideological views on writings of those ancient Greek writers who thought that some people, by their very nature, are slaves, for they had ""just half of the human mind"" and, for that reason, they ""shall be governed by people of the human nature"". About the people and nations which he saw as cursed and lower ranked races - he spoke as of the animal breeds and uses the "breed" word to mark them.

He wrote a whole tract about the Jews that could be summarized in a few sentences: ""Jews ... are the breed, except a few, without any morality and without any homeland, the breed of which every unit strives to its personal gain, or to its relatives' gain. To let the Jews to participate in public life is dangerous: throw a piece of mud in a glass of the clearest water - then all the water will be puddled. That way the Jews spoiled and poisoned the French people too much"".

But, for Starčević, there was a race worse than the Jews. For him, the ""Slavoserb"" notion was firstly of a political nature: the ""Slavoserbs"" are his political opponents who ""sold themselves to a foreign rule"". Then all those who favorably look on the South Slavs unity not regarding them (the South Slavs) as the Croats.

Later, and with years, Starčević more and more marked the ""Slavoserbs"" as a separate ethnic group, or - as he used to say the ""breed"", ranked, as humans, lower than the Jews: ""The Jews are less harmful than the Slavoserbs. For the Jews care for themselves and their people ... but the Slavoserbs are always for the evil: if they cannot gain a benefit, then they tend to harm the good or just affair, or to harm those who are for the affair."" - he wrote once.

Further, he claimed that the injustice was done to different ""cursed breeds"" what spoiled those breeds even more and made them ""to be vengeful against their oppressors"". As a convinced racist, he stresses that to the ""cursed breeds"", i.e. to the lower races should not be given any role in the public life.

As an aged man, he makes the Serbs identical to the ""Slavoserb breed"" and mocks them for their defeats they suffered long ago - which provoked negative reactions even in his ""Party of Rights"". On that occasion, the Party member Erazmo Barčić (1894.) described Starčević's mockery and racism as ""throwing mud at people and primitive cheeky invectives"".

However, when once face with negative reactions to his open racism, he temporarily retreated. That was a reason that he wrote an article in Sloboda, issue of 23 March, 1883: "The main thing is this: everybody should work for the people and the homeland, and let them call themselves as they wish... We have disputes and dissensions only because they are supported and strengthened from the outside... We believe that hungry and cold Serbs and Croats feel the same... Therefore, everybody can assume the name of Hottentots, every person can choose their own name, as long as we are all free and happy!..."

The British historian A.P.J.Taylor wrote (pages 188-189):

Starčević's racism was further fully elaborated by Ivo Pilar [under pseudonym L. von Südland] The book was translated into Croatian language in the year of 1943, by Pavelić's regime, as one of the tenets of his Ustaše and his Independent State of Croatia. This racist work was reprinted in 1990. In the preface to this reprint edition, Dr. Vladimir Veselica, a Zagreb University professor, expresses his enthusiasm that the author had given "relevant answers" at the highest intellectual level. What thrilled him so was the consistently expressed racist hatred against the Serbs. It is sufficient to submit one quotation that explains the sense and content of this book, which far outdoes the current demonization of the Serbs: " it was not without reason that I tried to show how the Serbs today are dangerous for their ideas and their racial composition, how a bent for conspiracies, revolutions and coups is in their blood."



Oligosaccharide

An oligosaccharide is a polymer of a few different simple sugars. Oligosacchardides are carbohydrates. When they are hydrolized, oligosaccharides give 3 to 10 monosaccharides.

Oligosacharides are formed when 3 to 10 monosaccharide units combine with each other by the loss of water molecules, resulting in the formation of a glycosidic linkage. Conversely hydrolysis of an oligosaccharide in water in the presence of an acid or enzyme yields 3 to 10 monosaccharide units. Oligosaccharides which consist of two monosaccharides units are called as disaccharide. Oligosaccharides containing 3 monosaccharides are called trisaccharides.

Think tank

A think tank is a special organization which helps other organizations and groups with problems they do not know how to solve. They do this by providing data or knowledge, and by discussing the options in detail. They get their information by doing research, and by collecting ideas and data from a wide range of sources.

The first think tank was the British Royal United Services Institute (1831), though of course the term "think tank" is much later, post World War II. Non-government institutions in the United States started early in the 20th century. The Arthur D. Little consultancy, incorporated in 1909, pioneered the idea of contracted professional services. The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace was founded in 1910. The Institute for Government Research, which later merged into the Brookings Institution, was formed in 1916. Other early twentieth century organizations now classified as think tanks include the Hoover Institution (1919), and Chatham House in London (1920). The Great Depression and its aftermath spawned several economic policy organizations, such as the National Planning Association (1934) and the Committee for Economic Development (1943).

Think tanks of the modern kind started after the Second World War, in the cold war era. The RAND Corporation was started in 1946 inside the Douglas Aircraft Company, and was set up as an independent corporation in 1948. The name was taken from R&D (research and development), though in fact it did no development. The RAND used the same operations research (O.R.) methods which scientists had developed during the war. This was the application of knowledge, scientific methods and thinking to solve the new problems posed by the war. After the war, the RAND used very similar techniques, mostly based on the hard sciences like maths, physics and economics. It was and still is funded mainly by the American government.

The cold war period raised the question of how the American government might handle nuclear weapons in bargaining and negotiating with the Soviet Union. This was the speciality of Herman Kahn, a RAND staff member who set up his own think tank in 1961, called the Hudson Institute. His publications on how to think about these issues, and those of Thomas Schelling, were landmarks in the post-war history of negotiating strategy.

More recently, think tanks have specialised into particular areas of interest, such as foreign policy. Many have become advocates for political interests, doing research which can be used by public relations and lobbying groups.


Lady Gaga discography

Solar calendar

A solar calendar is a calendar based on the position of the earth in relation to the sun. There are tropical solar calendars.
There are non-solar calendars like sidereal calendars and lunar (moon) calendars As well as hybrids including lunisolar calendars, a hybrid of solar days and lunar months.


Major League Baseball on FOX

Fox Major League Baseball (shortened as Fox MLB and MLB on FS1) is FOX Sports's broadcast of Major League Baseball. It began on June 1, 1996 and continue through at least 2021.

Major League Baseball made a deal with FOX and NBC on November 7, 1995. FOX televised regular season games (about 16 weekly telecasts normally beginning on Memorial Day weekend) on Saturday afternoons, selected Division Series games, and alternated the All-Star Game, League Championship Series and the World Series with NBC each year. To better state this, FOX aired the All-Star Game aired American League Championship Series in odd-numbered years while airing the National League Championship Series and World Series in even-numbered years.

In September 2000, Major League Baseball and FOX signed a 6-year contract to air Saturday baseball, the All-Star Game, selected Division Series games, and exclusive coverage of the League Championship Series and the World Series.

Rumors about the end of "Major League Baseball on FOX" were laid to rest on July 11, 2006 when the network announced they would still air the World Series through the 2013 season. It was announced on October 17, 2006 that FOX would retain the All-Star Game and World Series, except they would air the regular season beginning with the first Saturday of the regular season, and postseason coverage beyond the World Series was limited to one League Championship Series a year, alternating one for the other with TBS each year, airing the other LCS.

National League Championship Series

In Major League Baseball, the National League Championship Series (NLCS), played in October, is a playoff round that decides the winner of the National League pennant. The winner of the series moves on to play the winner of the American League Championship Series in baseball's championship, the World Series.

In 1969, the LCS began play as the leagues were expanded to two divisions. Initially, it was a best-of-five series. In 1985, it became best-of-seven. Since 1995, the two winners from the National League Division Series advance to the NLCS.

2004 American League Championship Series

The 2004 American League Championship Series (ALCS) was a best-of-seven playoff series in the 2004 Major League Baseball season. It featured the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox. The Red Sox beat the Yankees in seven games. It was a rematch of the 2003 ALCS.

The Yankees won the first three games of the series. The Red Sox then won the next four to win the series. This was the first time a team won a best-of-seven playoff series after losing the first three games.

The Red Sox would go on to win the World Series against the St. Louis Cardinals in four games. It was the Red Sox's first World Series title since 1918.

Verizon

Verizon Communications Inc. (), is a telephone, internet service provider, and television company in the United States. It also owns a mobile phone company, Verizon Wireless. Verizon was created in 2000 by merging GTE and Bell Atlantic. These companies had already absorbed other companies, some of them more than a hundred years old. The biggest ones were formerly owned by AT&T.

In 2015, Verizon bought the Internet company AOL, and the next year it bought Yahoo!. Both of these purchases were for about US$4.4 billion. Today, both AOL and Yahoo! are part of a subsidiary created by Verizon called Oath Inc.

Verizon is one of the few publicly-traded companies to have a stock on both the NYSE and the NASDAQ. Its NYSE listing has been one of the 30 companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since 2004.

Devil's food cake

Devil's food cake is an old fashioned chocolate cake made of chocolate or cocoa and baking powder. It is moist, soft, rich, and very good for keeping. It is a light-textured chocolate layer-type cake with a deep reddish brown color. The cake gets this bright red color from the large amount of red food dye used in the preparation. Devil's food cake is usually thought of in terms of dark chocolate, but originally it was red. Today cooks, using modern processed cocoa, sometimes add a touch of red food coloring to bring back the authentic color.

Devil's food cakes can be stored in the refrigerator for about 3 days.

The Devil's food cake may also be called a Red velvet cake.

Partridge

The partridge is a medium sized bird. They are known as game birds because they are hunted and eaten by humans. They are in the pheasant family (Phasianidae).

Partridges are in the song "The Twelve Days of Christmas". The line "...and a partridge in a pear tree" is sung.

Most partridges are brown, gray and white. They are camouflaged and difficult to see. They have short legs and short bills. Partridges are smaller than pheasants but they are bigger than quails.

Partridges can not fly very well and they do not migrate. This means they always stay in the same area all year round. 

Partridges live in Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East. They live in places such as moors, grassland and farmland. They feed mostly on seeds, and nest on the ground. This means their nests are not very safe from predators such as foxes. Partridges use their camouflage to make it difficult for predators to see them and their nests.

Bromsgrove

Bromsgrove is a town in the north of Worcestershire. The town is about north-east of Worcester and south-west of Birmingham. 29,237 people lived there in 2001.

The layer of rock underneath Bromsgrove is mainly sandstone. The soil is very good for growing vegetables. The altitude of the town is above sea level.

The climate in Bromsgrove is like most of the United Kingdom. It is an "oceanic climate." This means it is cool in summer and not very cold in winter. It can rain at any time of the year.

The main A38 road goes through Bromsgrove. The M5 motorway passes by the west side of the town. The M42 motorway starts at the north of the town.

Bromsgrove train station is in the south of the town. The station is at the bottom of the "Lickey Incline". The Lickey Incline is the steepest hill for trains in Britain. An extra locomotive has to help push heavy freight trains up the hill. There are many passenger trains to Birmingham, Worcester and Hereford. There is a plan to build a new, better train station in Bromsgrove. The new station will cost about £10 million to £12 million.

There is also a bus station in the town centre. Buses travel from the bus station to many places in Worcestershire and the West Midlands.

Diploglossus

Diploglossus is a genus of lizards in the family Anguidae. It has nineteen described species. They are found in North and South America.

Graham's number

Graham's number ("G") is a very big natural number that was defined by a man named Ronald Graham. Graham was solving a problem in an area of mathematics called Ramsey theory. He proved that the answer to his problem was smaller than Graham's number.

Graham's number is one of the biggest numbers ever used in a mathematical proof. Even if every digit in Graham's number were written in the tiniest writing possible, it would still be too big to fit in the observable universe.

Ramsey theory is an area of mathematics that asks questions like the following:

It turns out that for this simple problem, the answer is "yes" when we have 6 or more points, no matter how the lines are colored. But when we have 5 points or fewer, we can color the lines so that the answer is "no".

By asking that the 4 points lie on a plane, we have made the problem much harder. We would like to know: for what values of "n" is the answer "no" (for some way of coloring the lines), and for what values of "n" is it "yes" (for all ways of coloring the lines)? But this problem has not been completely solved yet.

In 1971, Ronald Graham and B. L. Rothschild found a partial answer to this problem. They showed that for "n"=6, the answer is "no". But when "n" is very large, as large as Graham's number or larger, the answer is "yes".

One of the reasons this partial answer is important is that it means that the answer is eventually "yes" for at least some large "n". Before 1971, we didn't know even that much.

There is a much smaller limit for the same problem called N. It is equal to formula_1, where formula_2. This weaker upper bound for the problem, attributed to an unpublished work of Graham, was eventually published and named by Martin Gardner in Scientific American in November 1977.

Graham's number is not only too big to write down all of its digits, it is too big even to write in scientific notation. In order to be able to write it down, we have to use Knuth's up-arrow notation.

We will write down a sequence of numbers that we will call g1, g2, g3, and so on. Each one will be used in an equation to find the next. g64 is Graham's number.

First, here are some examples of up-arrows:


After that, the graham grahal (g2) is equal to formula_18; the number of arrows in this number is g1.

Next, g3 is equal to formula_19, where the number of arrows is g2.

We keep going in this way. We stop when we define g64 to be formula_19, where the number of arrows is g63.

This is Graham's number.


Laguna

Laguna City is a little city of south of the Brazil, in Santa Catarina State. This city have more than 50000 people. It was the capital of the short-lived Juliana Republic in 1839. The city is known for having dolphins

Some popular beaches of this city:

Takalik Abaj

Tak'alik A'baj' is an ancient ruin in Guatemala; it used to be called Abaj Takalik. It is one of several Mesoamerican sites that have Olmec and Maya features. The site was inhabited the during the Preclassic and Classic periods, from the 9th century BC through to at least the 10th century AD. It was an important place for trade. It traded with Kaminaljuyu and Chocolá. It is one of the largest sites with carved monuments on the Pacific coast. Olmec-style sculptures include a possible colossal head, rock carvings and others. The site has one of the biggest collections of Olmec-style sculpture outside of the Gulf of Mexico.

Takalik Abaj shows the first signs of Maya culture that happened by about 400 BC. The site includes a Maya royal tomb and examples of Maya writing that are among the first from the Maya region. Studies continue at the site; the monumental buildings and long tradition of sculpture in a variety of styles suggest the site was important.

Finds from the site indicate contact with the distant city of Teotihuacan in the Valley of Mexico. They imply that Takalik Abaj was conquered by it or its allies. Takalik Abaj was linked to long-distance Maya trade routes that let the city take part in a trade network that included the Guatemalan highlands and the Pacific coastal plain from Mexico to El Salvador.

Takalik Abaj was a large city with the main buildings in four main groups spread across nine terraces. While some of these were natural, others were man-made, needing a lot of work and materials. The site had a clever water drainage system and many stone sculptures.



Currys

Currys is a British electrical retailer operating in the UK and Ireland.

In 2009, some Curry stores in the UK were combined with the PCWorld name.

Alfonso García Robles

Alfonso García Robles (20 March 1911 – 2 September 1991) was a Mexican diplomat and politician. 
García Robles received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1982, together with Sweden's Alva Myrdal. García Robles was the driving force behind the Treaty of Tlatelolco. This treaty established a nuclear-free zone in Latin America and the Caribbean.

Ouangolodougou, Ivory Coast

Ouangolodougou, Côte d'Ivoire is a small town in the northern part of Ivory Coast, a country in western Africa. It is located in the Ferkessédougou Department. Ouangolodougou is near the border of Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.

Pinto horse

A Pinto horse is a spotted horse. They are not a breed, but a coat color. In fact, any horse breed can be a Pinto as long as they have patches of white or another color. Pintos are often confused with Paints, a horse breed. They look very similar. The difference is that a Paint is a breed, and a Pinto is a coat color that can be on any breed, including Paints.
Pintos are so old that they were found in tombs in Ancient Egypt dating back to 4 B.C. In the 16th century Cortez brought thousands to the New World. Some of them were set free, and Native Americans caught them. The Native Americans liked them for their toughness and their color. Their color blended in with the environment and made a natural camouflage. They were known to make great war horses. Their name came from the Spanish word "pintado", which means “painted”.

Pintos have pink skin, blue eyes, and white or multicolored hooves. They can be either a white horse with colored patches, or a colored horse with white patches. It has been said that no two Pintos are exactly alike.

Pintos have 3 different patterns:

Pintos come in 4 different types:

Pintos come in 4 different sizes:


Darrell Waltrip

Darrell Lee Waltrip (born February 5, 1947) is a retired American racecar driver. Waltrip won three Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series championships and 84 races, including the 1989 Daytona 500. He is now part of the broadcast team for Fox Sports. Waltrip’s younger brother, Michael Waltrip, owned and raced for his own team in NASCAR. In June of 2011 Waltrip was given a spot in the NASCAR Hall of Fame. He is a part of the Hall of Fame class of 2012.

Black Forest cake

The Black Forest cake, also called "Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte", is an authentic German cake made up of a chocolate layer cake with cherries in the middle and whipped cream on top. They are traditionally made with fresh Morello cherries, poached in a sugar syrup and pitted. It is a variation of the chocolate cake, and sometimes decorated with chocolate curls.

Jeremy Clarkson

Jeremy Charles Robert Clarkson (born 11 April 1960) is an English author, broadcaster, journalist, talk show host. He is best known for presenting BBC television show "Top Gear" with Richard Hammond and James May. He is also known for controversial remarks.

He also writes columns for The Sunday Times and The Sun.

Clarkson was ranked 49th on Motor Trend Magazine's Power List for 2011. It is a list of the fifty most important figures in the automotive industry.

On 26 March 2015, while Clarkson was not allowed to be at work, the BBC announced it will not keep paying him after he said cruel things to and attacked a producer.


Syd Ward

Sydney William Ward (5 August 1907 – 31 December 2010) was an Australian-born New Zealand cricketer. 

Ward was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He is the second longest-lived cricketer, behind England's Jim Hutchinson, who at the time of his death was 103 years and 344 days old.

Hypothermia

Hypothermia is a condition when a person is so cold that the body temperature drops below normal. Hypothermia is any body temperature lower than . Someone with hypothermia starts shivering and cannot stop. The person then becomes confused and acts strange. Their words don't make sense and they may be clumsy. Sometimes they become very tired. If someone gets hypothermia, wrap the person in blankets and take them to the hospital. If that's impossible, warm up the person slowly and give them a warm drink.

When hypothermia begins, a person feels cold, starts shivering and cannot stop. The person cannot do complicated things with his or her hands. They are also unable to touch their thumb with their little finger, because their hand muscles don't work well.

Mild hypothermia is sometimes used on purpose by doctors for treating some medical problems. It takes blood away from the skin, hands and feet, and puts it to the brain and important internal organs. This helps when the person is bleeding from cuts or other wounds, and also helps when the patient goes into cardiac arrest.

The person begins shivering very strongly. Their large muscles do not work well. They move slowly and with difficulty, growing a little confused and walking unsteadily. The person becomes pale, and lips, ears, fingers, and toes might become blue. This is because the body is trying to keep the most important organs warm. The person might feel sick in their stomach and very tired, wanting to go to sleep, anywhere.

Body temperature drops even more, but the person usually stops shivering. They cannot talk clearly; they think slowly, and they cannot move their hands. Sometimes a person will feel suddenly warm, as if they are getting better, but this just means they are getting worse. They may take off warm clothes or lay down to go to sleep. If this continues, they cannot walk or answer questions. Their pulse becomes weaker, but the heart may beat faster. Finally, the person dies.



Rapids

Rapids are found on rivers. Rapids are formed by one or more of the following: constriction, obstruction, gradient, and flow rate. For instance, when water is flowing swiftly over a rocky river bed, rapids can be formed. Rapids are typically found in or near the mountains, due to the element of gradient. Formally, the word "rapids" is always plural, (like "scissors" and "trousers"), but is often used in the singular when speaking of a specific rapid or when it would be grammatically awkward; e.g., "Sweet's Falls Rapids vs. Sweet's Falls Rapid). The word "rapid" means "very fast."

Because of the splash made by the water going over rocks, rapids are also called "whitewater". Some people enjoying whitewater canoeing or whitewater rafting as a sport. 


Waray language

Wáray-Wáray or Warai (commonly spelled as "Waray"; also "Winaray" or "Lineyte-Samarnon") is a language spoken in the provinces of Samar, Leyte, and Biliran in the Philippines.

The Waraynon group of languages consists of Waray, Waray Sorsogon and Masbate Sorsogon. All the Warayan languages belong to the Visayan language family and are related to Cebuano and more closely to Hiligaynon and Masbatenyo.

Waray-Waray is one of the ten officially recognized regional languages in the Philippines and used in the local government. It is spoken throughout the islands especially in the Eastern Visayas region. But it is also spoken in some parts of Mindanao, Masbate, Sorsogon and Metro Manila where Warays went to. There is also a very small number of Filipinos abroad, especially in the United States, that speaks this language.

The Waray language has sixteen consonants: . There are three main vowels: "a" , "i" , and "u" . Consonants and were once allophone but cannot interchange, like "palaron" (to be lucky) [from "palad", palm (because someone's luck is seen in the palm)] but not "paladon" and "tagadiín" (from where) [from "diín", where] but not "tagariín".

Native numbers are used for numbers one through ten. From eleven onwards, Spanish numbers are exclusively used in Waray today, their native counterparts being almost unheard of by the majority of native speakers numbers (except for gatus for "hundred" and yukot for "thousand"). Some, specially the old ones, are spoken alongside the Spanish counterparts.

Below are examples of the Waray spoken in Metropolitan Tacloban and the nearby areas:



















J.E.B. Stuart

James Ewell Brown Stuart (1833-1864) was a general in the Confederate army during the American Civil War. He was from Virginia. During the war, he was known for dangerous things he did while riding a horse. He was killed at the Battle of Yellow Tavern in 1864.

Riodinidae

Riodinidae is a family of butterflies. They are commonly known as riodinids or metalmarks. Metalmarks get their name from the bright, metallic (looking like metal) markings found on the wings of most species. The family has nearly 2,000 species in it. The metalmarks are mostly found in the Neotropical region. Most metalmarks are small. Their wingspan ranges from 20mm to 65mm. Metalmarks vary greatly in wing shape, pattern, and color.

Riodinidae was formerly known as the family Nemeobiidae and as the family Erycinidae. It was also once thought to be a subfamily of Lycaenidae.



Taxicab number

A taxicab number is the name given by mathematicians to a sequence of special numbers: 2, 1729 etc. A taxicab number is the smallest number that can be expressed as the sum of two positive cubes in "n" distinct ways. It has nothing to do with taxis, but the name comes from a well-known conversation that took place between two famous mathematicians: Godfrey Hardy and Srinivasa Ramanujan.

Godfrey Hardy was a professor of mathematics at Cambridge University. One day he went to visit a friend, the brilliant young Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan, who was ill. Both men were mathematicians and liked to think about numbers. 

When Ramanujan heard that Hardy had come in a taxi he asked him what the number of the taxi was. Hardy said that it was just a boring number: 1729. Ramanujan replied that 1729 was not a boring number at all: it was a very interesting one. He explained that it was the smallest number that could be expressed by the sum of two cubes in two different ways.

This story is very famous among mathematicians. 1729 is sometimes called the “Hardy-Ramanujan number”.


There are two ways to say that 1729 is the sum of two cubes.
1x1x1=1; 12x12x12=1728. So 1+1728=1729
But also: 9x9x9=729; 10x10x10=1000. So 729+1000=1729
There are other numbers that can be shown to be the sum of two cubes in more than one way, but 1729 is the smallest of them.

Since the famous conversation between Hardy and Ramanujan, mathematicians have tried to find other interesting numbers that are the smallest number that can be expressed by the sum of two cubes in three/four/five etc. different ways. These numbers are very, very big, and have been found by computers.

So far, the following six taxicab numbers are known :

Bernard Frénicle de Bessy

Bernard Frénicle de Bessy (about 1605–1675), was a French mathematician. He was born in Paris. He wrote many papers about mathematics, number theory and combinatorics. The Frénicle standard form, a standard representation of magic squares, is named after him. He solved many problems created by Fermat. He also discovered a taxicab number and in 1693, he described all 880 essentially different normal magic squares of order 4.

Like Fermat, Frénicle was an amateur mathematician, but he wrote letters to famous people such as Descartes, Christiaan Huygens, Mersenne and also Fermat, who was his friend. He is mainly remembered for his discoveries about number theory.

Płońsk

Płońsk is a city in Central Poland in the Masovian Voivodeship. It has a population of 23,000 and has an area of 12 km². It is the birthplace of the Zionist leader and first Prime Minister of Israel, David Ben-Gurion.


Frances Burney

Frances Burney (13 June 1752 – 6 January 1840) was an English novelist, diarist and playwright. She was also known as Fanny Burney. After her marriage, she was known as Madame d’Arblay. She was born in King's Lynn, England. She was born to musician Dr Charles Burney (1726 – 1814) and Mrs Esther Sleepe Burney (1725 – 62). She mostly taught herself. She began writing what she called her "scribblings" when she was ten. Her first novel, "Evelina", was published in 1778. This novel made her very famous. "Cecilia" came out in 1782. It was an even greater critical success. Her major novels, "Evelina", "Cecilia", and "Camilla" are about a young girl. The girls are clever and beautiful, but does not have a lot of experience. The girl goes out into the world and grows in character. Her books were liked by Jane Austen. In 1786, she became Second Keeper of the Robes to Queen Charlotte. She wrote many journals and letters. Her journals and letters have interested historians. In 1793, she married a French exile, General Alexandre D'Arblay. They had a son in 1794. His name was Alexander. He was their only son. While living in France from 1802 to 1812, Burney wrote "The Wanderer". It was a novel about the French Revolution. It was published in 1814. Her last published work was the "Memoirs of Doctor Burney" (1832). She died in London in 6 January 1840. She was buried in Bath near her husband and son.

On 13 June 1752, Frances Burney was born in King's Lynn. She was baptized on the 7th of July. Her older brothers and sisters were Ester (Hetty) (1749 – 1832) and James (1750 – 1821). Her younger brothers and sisters were Susanna Elizabeth (1755-1800), Charles (1757-1817) and Charlotte Ann (1761 – 1838). Susanna Elizabeth became Frances Burney's close friend. James Burney became an admiral. He sailed with Captain James Cook on his second and third trips. The younger Charles Burney was a scholar. Her younger half-sister, Sarah Burney (1772 – 1844), also became a novelist. She published five works that she wrote herself. Esther Sleepe Burney also had two boys who died at birth.

Esther Sleepe Burney was three years older than Charles Burney. She had her oldest daughter, Esther, with Charles before they married. Frances Burney kept this as a "family secret". She even said nothing about the date of her father's marriage. Also, she did not say when his children were born in the "Memoirs". Some people have thought that she hid the dates to make everyone believe she published "Evelina" when 17.

Her mother suddenly became sick. She took a trip to Bath and Bristol Hot Wells. This is where main character in "Evelina" go to try to become healthy again. However, she did not get better. The sickness was thought to be tuberculosis. It is also possible that it was cancer. In 1760, her mother, Esther Sleepe Burney, died. She was described by historians as a gentle woman of "warmth and intelligence". It is possible that Esther Burney's French birth influenced Burney's writing. One example is the conflicts between Madame Duval and Captain Mirvan in "Evelina". It may also have been one reason for her love of and marriage to Alexandre D'Arblay. Fanny was very shocked and sad when she heard that her mother was dead. Her neighbor, Mrs. Pringle, commented. She later said, "...she never saw such affliction" and that Fanny would "take no comfort--& was almost killed with ["sic"] Crying". Her father, Charles Burney, was also very unhappy. He comforted himself with writing sad poems about his wife.

Her father was respected by many people as a musician. He was also well-educated. He wished to show that a musician could be a gentleman. Frances Burney often saw many opera singers, dancers, musicians, and actors (like actors Garrick or Christopher Smart), that spoke in many kinds of languages. She mentioned him in "Evelina": "Well may Mr. Garrick be so celebrated, so universally (everywhere) admired—I had not any idea of so great a performer...every look "speaks"!...I am afraid you will think me mad (crazy), so I won't say any more; yet I really believe Mr. Garrick would make you mad too, if you could see him." She also saw more of the world than most "young ladies" could. She wrote down many rude things people said in her diaries. Traveller Richard Twiss once embarrassed the family by talking about improper things. He said that an immodest book, "The Dictionary of Love", was very good. After Twiss left, Burney wrote in her Diary, 'Even my gentle & candid (truthful) Father says that "he has quite mistaken the Thing," & that he will never see a "Table Cloth" in his House again'.

Some people have said that Burney may have been shy because of her father. People said that Mr. Burney's only fault was "obsequiousness" (too much serving to men). Frances never openly criticized her father. She even carefully destroyed everything bad about him. In her "Memoirs", she wrote that her father had no faults. However, she wrote explanations and excuses for things her father thought were right.

In October 1767, her father married a rich widow. Her name was Elizabeth Allen. She already had three sons. The Burney children did not like their stepmother. Hester, Frances's older sister, married her cousin. His name was Charles Rosseau Burney. He was a musician. She married him in September 1770. She probably did this to leave her home. Because of this, Frances lost a sister who was like another mother. The Burney children did a "secret war" with Mrs. Allen. They called her "Mrs. Precious", "Madam", and "the Lady". A letter from Frances Burney to her sister Hester said, "The excuse to be "fudged" up (made up, lied) for the purpose, I leave to your own ingenuity." Although at this time Frances was 25 years old, she had to find an excuse to visit her married sister. Even their old friend, Samuel "Daddy" Crisp, joined in with mocking Mrs. Elizabeth Allen.

Her father educated her sisters Esther and Susanna much more than Frances Burney. When she was eight, she still had not learned the alphabet. She was also so shy that visitors at her father's house called her the "old lady". Some scholars think she might have had a kind of dyslexia. Her brother used to play tricks on her by pretending to teach her to read and giving her a book upside-down. She did not find out that it was actually upside down and tried to read it. People said that "the little dunce" should be whipped. However, Esther Sleepe Burney always replied that "she had no fears about Fanny". Her sister Susanna said that Fanny has "sense, sensibility, and bashfulness (shyness)". She also added, "I am afraid...that my sister Fanny is too reserved".

In 1763 or 1764, Samuel "Daddy" Crisp became close to the Burney family. He helped Frances write by asking for many journal-letters from her about her family and her life. He influenced her writing very much.

Frances Burney d'Arblay made a new kind of English novel, recording things that happened from George III's madness to what happened after the Battle of Waterloo. She also wrote comedies that had a great influence on many writers to come. For example, Jane Austen found both the theme and the title for "Pride and Prejudice" in the last chapter of Frances Burney's novel "Cecilia". William Makepeace Thackeray, the writer of Vanity Fair, was also influenced by Burney. Her first novel, "Evelina", was a new kind of fiction in English. It was a fiction where women in society were shown in realistic, modern ways - the novel of manners. "She showed the manners and morals of polite society with a relish (liking) for the ridiculous (funny) and a respect for the conventional (traditional)".("Norton Anthology of Literature by Women", p. 242) Burney was the first woman to make the writing of novels "respectable". Her second novel, "Cecilia", published in 1782, was an even greater critical success. Her third novel, "Camilla", was very popular; the sale was "4 times that of "Evelina", & nearly double that of "Cecilia"".

Verses written with Hester Thrale
Works by Fanny Burney at Project Gutenberg

Lake Placid, New York

Lake Placid is a village in northern New York State. It has a population of 2,205. It was founded in the early 1880s to look for iron. Today it is a ski resort. It has hosted the Winter Olympics twice, in 1932 and 1980.


Grebe

A grebe is a medium sized bird. They are in the family Podicipedidae. There are 22 species of grebe.






Most grebes are a medium or large size. Some grebes, such as the Little Grebe are smaller. All Grebes have large feet with lobed toes. This means that each toe is separate on the foot (the opposite of this is webbed feet which is seen in ducks and geese). Some grebes find it difficult to walk on land because their feet are so big. They are much better at swimming and diving in water.

Grebes have narrow wings. Some grebes find it difficult to fly. There are two species of grebe that cannot fly at all. This means that if grebes are in danger, they will dive under water instead of flying away like other birds do. 

Grebes can have long or short bills. If they eat insects in the water, they will have a short bills. If they eat crustaceans (for example, crabs) they will have a long, sharp bill. 

Most grebes are brown, white and red/orange. They have many, waterproof feathers. This means they can easily float on water and dive into water without getting cold or wet. In spring and summer, grebes have orange crests on their heads. This is so they can attract a mate. Some grebes do a mating ritual. This is when they "dance" in the water.

Grebes make their nest from plants found in the water. The nests float on top of the water. Baby grebes can swim when they are born. They are usually brown and white and do not get their orange crests until they are adults.

Grebes live in freshwater (lakes or rivers). Some species of grebe will go to saltwater (sea/ocean) when they are migrating. This is when birds fly to live in a different place in summer or winter. Grebes only migrate if they live in North America, Europe or Asia. Grebes in South America, Africa and Asia do not migrate. They are found in every continent on earth.

Funeral director

A Funeral Director also called a mortician or undertaker is a person who has the job of organizing a funeral. This often includes embalming and burial or cremation of the dead, as well as the planning and arrangement of the actual funeral ceremony. They place the body into a coffin or casket. If people are going to come and look at the body before burial, the funeral director will have the body dressed, and made up with cosmetics to make it look better.

Mangrove

Mangroves are trees or shrubs that grow in salty water in hot places like the tropics.

Mangroves make a special saltwater woodland or shrubland habitat, called a "mangrove swamp", "mangrove forest", "mangrove" or "mangal". Mangroves grow on 1/3 of tropical shores. They are also found in sub-tropical Africa, Asia, and the southwest Pacific. 

Their twisted, tangled roots collect sediment. Over time, the sediment may become islands, or extend the shoreline.

Mangroves live right in the sea, or at the sea edge. Their seeds fall from the tree and grow roots as soon as they touch any kind of soil. During low tide, they may fall in soil rather than water and start growing where they fall. If the water level is high, they may be carried far away from where they fell. 

Mangrove trees are often the beginning of what will one day be a small island. As soil and other things collect in their roots, little bodies of land are formed – just the right place for other island vegetation to grow. This is an example of seed dispersal by water.

Mangroves have special root-like structures. They are aerial roots or "pneumatophores". These stick up out of the soil, and are covered in lenticels. They take in oxygen through their pores. These "breathing tubes" may reach heights of up to 30 cm, and in some species, over 3 m. Smaller roots with air passages move oxygen from the air to parts of the plant underwater. 

Mangrove roots give clear water to the coral reefs which often surround them. They trap dirt and clean water by filtering land runoff and removing pollutants. The tree also protects the shoreline (and the coral reefs) from being eroded by storm waves. Mangrove thickets are a good place for many coral-reef fish, shrimp, and crabs to grow.

Great crested grebe

The great crested grebe or pūteketeke is a water bird. It is a member of the grebe family. Its scientific name is "Podiceps cristatus".

The great crested grebe is a medium sized bird. It is 46–51 cm long. Its wingspan (both wings open) is 59–73 cm long.

The bird is white, brown and black, and it has orange crest feathers on its head. It has a long, sharp pink bill. Baby great crested grebe have black and white stripes on their heads.

The great crested grebe is found in Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia. It is the biggest grebe in Europe. It lives in freshwater lakes. It eats crustaceans (for example, crabs), insects and small frogs. It dives into the water to find food.

The bird has an interesting mating ritual. This means two birds (male and female) do a "dance" in the water before they mate. Grebes dance every time the pair meets, and the dance varies according to the circumstance. Returning to the nest is different from meeting out on the water, for instance. Most dances end in a bout of head-shaking. 

The great crested grebe makes a nest from plants. The nest floats on top of the water. A pair of grebes will usually have two eggs. When the babies are born, they cannot swim. Their parents teach them to swim and dive. Sometimes the babies will sit on their parents backs while the parents swim in the water. 

The bird nearly became extinct in the United Kingdom in the 19th century. This is because people wanted to use their orange head feathers. People wanted to put the feathers on their hats and clothes. The RSPB (Royal Society for the Protection of Birds) stopped this. There are now many great crested grebe in the United Kingdom, where their conservation status is "green" ("least concern").

In 2023, the great crested grebe won a Bird of the Century contest. The organization Forest & Bird organized the contest. One reason the great crested grebe won was because John Oliver talked about the contest on his television show "Last Week Tonight" and told people to vote for the great crested grebe. He also paid for posters in New Zealand, India, Japan, and the United States. The posters showed the great crested grebe as if it were a movie. One poster showed "Lord of the Wings," like "Lord of the Rings". John Oliver asked Forest & Bird whether or not he should do this before he did it. They said yes. Even so, some New Zealanders said Oliver ruined the contest. The great crested grebe got the most votes, 290,374 votes. The second-most votes were for the North Island brown kiwi, 12,904 votes.

Swift

The swift is a bird in the family Apodidae. It is in the order Apodiformes with treeswifts and hummingbirds. The swift is very good at flying. It spends all of its time in the air.

The scientific name for the swift ("apus") comes from the Ancient Greek word απους, "apous" which means "without feet". This is because swifts have very small, weak feet. Swifts use their feet to hold on to vertical places (for example, the wall of a house, or a cliff). Swifts do not want to land on the ground. It is often thought that if they land on ground, they cannot fly up again, but that is not true. They can take off but with difficulty.

Swifts are small birds. They can fly very well and very fast. Some swifts can fly at 514m per second. If a swift needs to fly very fast, it can fly at 60m per second for a short amount of time. When catching insects, they fly in a series of swoops, changing direction rapidly as they pursue the prey. 

Swifts have long, curved wings. The wings are in the shape of a sickle or boomerang. They have a forked tail. This means it looks like a V shape. 

Swifts can be seen all over the world. They like to live in warmer places and they migrate every year. For example, Swifts fly to Europe in the spring and summer. When it gets cold at the start of autumn, the Swifts fly to Africa where it is warmer.

Swifts make their nests in a corner between two walls. For example, near the roof of a house, or in an area between rocks in a cave. They use mud and saliva (spit) to make a cup-shaped nest. 

There are some swifts which only use saliva to make their nests. These swifts are in the genus "Aerodramus". In Asia, people take the nests and use them to make bird's nest soup. This soup is very popular in China.

Wangaratta, Victoria

Wangaratta is a city in the northeast of Victoria, Australia. About 19,000 people live there. It is about from Melbourne along the Hume Highway. The city of Benalla is to the south west, and Albury and Wodonga to the north east. The Ovens and King Rivers which flow from the Victorian Alps meet at Wangaratta. It is in the local government area of the Rural City of Wangaratta.

Gold was found in the area during the 1850s. A Post Office opened on 1 February 1843, as Ovens, and moved to the town and was renamed Wangaratta in 1854. The Ovens office, and the Kilmore office which opened the same day, were the fifth and sixth to open in the Port Phillip District (Victoria). They were also the first two inland offices.
The small town of Glenrowan about 10 km away is known as the site of the final shootout that led to the capture of Australia's most famous bushranger, Ned Kelly.

Chiltern, Victoria

Chiltern is a town in the north east of Victoria, Australia. It is between Wangaratta and Wodonga, in the Shire of Indigo. In 2006 there were 1063 people living in Chiltern. The town is close to the Chiltern-Mt Pilot National Park. Chiltern was once on the main road between Melbourne and Sydney but is now by-passed by the Hume Freeway a few kilometres to the east.

The area of Chiltern was on the Wahgunyah cattle run and was called Black Dog Creek. The township was named after the Chiltern Hills in England. It was surveyed in 1853 but not started until gold was found in 1858—59 during the great Victorian Gold Rush period. The Post Office opened on September 1, 1859.

Many of Chiltern's old buildings are protected by the National Trust. In 1859, many shop-keepers and miners from around Beechworth and the Ovens Valley followed the gold rush and moved into Chiltern.

The Grape Vine Hotel, on the corners of Main St and Conness St, has the largest grapevine in Australia, planted in 1867.

News release

A press release, news release, media release, or press statement is a written or recorded communication for news reporters. Its purpose is to let them know about something that is news. These are mailed, faxed, or e-mailed to editors at newspapers, magazines, radio stations, television stations, and television networks. There are companies whose job is to send out this information. 

The use of a press release is common in public relations. People use this to get the media to take notice of them, or get publicity for a product, or event that they might be holding. A press release gives reporters the basic information they need to write a news story. Press releases can announce a range of news items such as: events, promotions, awards, new products and services, sales and other financial data, accomplishments, etc. 

A "press statement" is information given to reporters. This is an official statement or account of a news story that is specially written for newspapers and other news media for them to make known to the public.

Alice (song)

"Alice" is an alternative rock song written and performed by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne for the soundtrack to the 2010 movie "Alice in Wonderland", entitled "Almost Alice". The song is a mid-tempo ballad sung from the perspective of the film's lead character, Alice. According to Lavigne, she wrote the song after asking Disney executives and director Tim Burton for a role on the soundtrack. The song was produced by Butch Walker and mixed by Lavigne's former husband Deryck Whibley.

While designing clothes inspired by "Alice in Wonderland" for her Abbey Dawn line, Lavigne told Disney executives she could write a song for the film's soundtrack. Director Tim Burton agreed, and Lavigne "wrote the song immediately" on her piano. Lavigne described the song as "a little darker" and confirmed the lyrics, "trippin' out, spinnin' around, I'm underground, I fell down."

Flag of Utah

The Flag of the State of Utah was adopted in 2024 and has three unequal horizontal bands of blue, white and red, with a navy blue hexagon containing a beehive and five-pointed star inside a yellow hexagon.

In 1912, the Sons and Daughters of Utah Pioneers ordered a custom made copy of the newly adopted state flag to be showed off to the battleship USS Utah, which was commissioned on August 31, 1911. When the flag came, the group found out that the coat of arms on the flag was in full color instead of white, and the manufacturer had added a gold ring around the shield. Rather than have the flag remade, the Utah legislature changed the law to match the battleship flag, and the flag was showed off to the USS Utah.

A bald eagle, the national bird of the United States represents the safety of America. The arrows in the talons of the eagle represent courage in war. The sego lily, the Utah state flower, represents peace. The state motto "industry" represents progress, hard work, and community as does the emblem of the beehive, which is also a traditional Mormon symbol. Crossed Union flags show Utah's support and commitment to the United States. The name, Utah, appears underneath the beehive. The date 1847 represents the year Brigham Young led the first Mormons into the state. The year listed below that, 1896, represents the year that Utah was admitted to the Union. The gold circle around the state seal represents eternal order. The shield underneath the bald eagle represents common defense (military).

The design of the seal was adopted in 1850 by the Territory of Utah and changed by the artist "Harry Edwards" when Utah became a state in 1896.

According to most descriptions, the flag of the State of Deseret, a state proposed by the Mormans, was almost the same to the flag of the State of Utah.

Dawson City, Yukon

Dawson City is a place in the Yukon Territory. It used to be a city, but is not one anymore. It is the second-largest place in Yukon, after Whitehorse, and has 1,327 people. 

Dawson was at its biggest during the Klondike Gold Rush of 1898, and served as a base for mining. Many people became rich not from finding gold, but from running boarding houses/general stores because of good business from all of the miners. It was the capital of Yukon from 1898 to 1952.

Seal of Utah

The Great Seal of the State of Utah was adopted on April 3, 1896 at the first regular session of the Legislature (January, February, March, April 1896). The first seal was made by Harry Edwards and cost $65.00.


Magdalena Neuner

Magdalena Neuner (born 9 February 1987 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria) is a German biathlete.

She had her first Biathlon World Cup race in the 2005-06 season. One year later, she became one of the stars of the German biathlon team with three gold medals in the 2007 Biathlon World Championships in Antholz, Italy. In 2008, she won three other gold medals in the Biathlon World Cup in Östersund, Sweden, and reached also the first place of the Biathlon World Cup in that year.

In the 2010 Winter Olympics she was one of the gold medal favourites. The first race (on 13 February) was the 7.5 km sprint, where she reached a silver medal, beaten only by Anastasia Kuzmina from Slovakia. Three days later (on 16 February), she won the gold medal in the pursuit race. On 21 February, her second gold medal followed in the mass start.


Wynton Marsalis

Wynton Learson Marsalis (born October 18, 1961) is an American jazz and classical trumpeter. He has won nine Grammy Awards for his music. His father was Ellis Marsalis Jr..

Americas

The Americas (or America) are lands in the Western Hemisphere that are also known as the New World. Comprising the continents of North America and South America, along with their associated islands, they cover 8.3% of the Earth's total surface area (28.4% of its land area).

Most people consider the countries in Central America to be part of North America instead of South America.

While the word "American" is usually used to mean a person or a thing from the United States, the most populated country in the Americas, sometimes people and things from anywhere in the Americas are called "American".

The Americas, or America, were discovered by Europeans in the late 15th century during the Age of Exploration. Christopher Columbus, sailing for Spain, reached the Caribbean islands in 1492, starting the connection between the Old World and the New World. After that, Europeans explored and settled in the Americas.

In the 16th century, powerful empires existed in the Americas. The Aztec Empire ruled central Mexico, and the Inca Empire controlled much of western South America. But when European colonizers arrived, conflicts happened, and these empires eventually fell.

During the next centuries, countries like Spain, Portugal, France, and England created colonies in different parts of the Americas. This led to changes in cultures, introduction of new diseases, and negative effects on native people.

In the 19th century, many American countries became independent from European rule. The American Revolution (1775-1783) led to the United States forming, and leaders like Simón Bolívar helped South American countries gain independence.

Over time, the Americas experienced important events like westward expansion in the U.S., the Mexican-American War, the Mexican Revolution, and the Cuban Revolution. The continent played a big role in World Wars and the Cold War too.

Today, the Americas have diverse cultures, languages, and traditions due to their history of interactions between indigenous people, European settlers, and immigrants from around the world.



Ilan Ramon

Colonel Ilan Ramon (, born Ilan Wolferman; June 20, 1954 - February 1, 2003) was an Israeli air force pilot and the only Israeli astronaut. He was a member of the STS-107 mission crew and he died during Space Shuttle Columbia disaster in 2003. 

His mother was a Holocaust survivor (at Auschwitz concentration camp) and his father fought for Israeli independence. Ramon was married to activist Rona Ramon.


Daniel Johnston

Daniel Johnston (January 22, 1961 – September 11, 2019) was an American songwriter, singer, and artist who lived in Texas. Johnston has bipolar disorder. The movie "The Devil and Daniel Johnston" is about his life and music career.

Born in Sacramento, California, Johnston grew up in West Virginia in a Christian family. He became a Beatles fan when he was young, then went off to college but did not finish. He moved to Texas to live with his brother, and ended up joining a circus. He left the circus after another worker beat him up for taking too long in a restroom, and found a church in Austin, Texas that helped him find somewhere to live. Johnston's religious beliefs are mentioned in many of his songs, especially on his CD "1990".

Johnston's music career started in Austin in the 1980s. He made cassette tapes of songs he performed on a chord organ and gave many of them out for free to people he met. He started playing concerts and became very popular with music fans in Texas. Johnston appeared on MTV, and became even more popular when Nirvana singer Kurt Cobain wore a T-shirt with the cover art of one of Johnston's CDs.

Johnston released one CD on Atlantic Records, a major record label (a big company that helps make CDs and sells them around the world) called "Fun" in 1994. However, he was not able to make any more CDs with Atlantic Records because not enough people bought "Fun". However, Johnston still writes songs, and his drawings appear on the covers of his CDs. His latest CD is "Is and Always Was", which came out in 2009.

In 2010, movie director David Miller announced that he was writing the script for a new movie about Johnston that would be very different from "The Devil and Daniel Johnston".

Johnston died of a suspected heart attack at his home in Waller, Texas on September 11, 2019. He was 58.


Johnston's official website

Treepie

The treepies are a type of bird. They are a member of the crow family ("Corvidae"). There are four different genus of treepie. They are "Dendrocitta", "Crypsirina", "Temnurus" and "Platysmurus". There are 11 species of treepie.

Treepies are similar to magpies. They have long tails. Most treepies are black, white, gray or brown. They are found in Southeast Asia. They live in tropical forests. They spend a lot of time in the tops of trees. They do not come to feed on the ground very often.

Velcro

Velcro is a brandname and trademark owned by the Velcro Companies for "hook-and-loop fasteners". Hook-and-loop fasteners have a "hook" side, which is a piece of fabric covered with tiny hooks, and a "loop" side, which is covered with even smaller and "hairier" loops. When the two sides are pressed together, the hooks catch in the loops and hold the pieces together. When they are separated, they make a special "ripping" sound.

The person who invented hook-and-loop was a scientist named George de Mestral. During a hunting vacation in Switzerland, de Mestral came home one evening and tried to remove the burrs stuck to his dog's fur. He was very surprised to see how hard the burrs were to remove. That night he studied the burrs under a microscope and noticed that each burr was covered with hundreds of small hooks acting like grasping hands. De Mestral decided that this burr could be made to close fabric instead of buttons and zippers. By copying the hook pattern hat he saw on burrs, he made hook-and-loop!

George de Mestral created the Velcro trademark by combining the French words for velvet ("velour") and hook ("crochet").

Mamane

Māmane (Hawaiian language) is a shrub of Hawai'i in the "Sophora" genus. It is suitable for gardens.

It is highly polymorphic, growing as a shrub or tree, and able to reach a height of in tree form. It is grow fast in every island of Hawaiian archipelago, so botanists describe many local forms including "S.unifoliolata"
Hawaiian honeycreeper visits mamane sucking nectar,
If mamane were to disappear from Hawai'i it would take with it the palila bird, which is also endangered due to the lack of enough māmane trees. "Loxoides bauilleui", palila, feeds on unripe seeds of the māmane


Mortality rate

Mortality rate is a measurement. It measures the number of deaths in a population. 

It is often reported as a number of deaths per 1000 individuals per year. For example, a mortality rate of 9 in a population of 1,000 would mean 9 deaths per year in that entire population.

The World Bank calculated the death rate for the whole world was 8 deaths per 1,000 people in 2020. The mortality rate has been going down during the last hundred years, but the COVID-19 pandemic increased mortality rates in many countries. This is not only people who have died from Covid, though there were more than 6.8 million deaths directly due to COVID-19. The number of people dying of other causes has increased. Excess mortality rates - that is more than expected - across the European Union rose by 19% in December 2022, compared to the average number of deaths in the same period between 2016 and 2019. In Germany, 37.3% more people died in December 2022 than the average for December. This is thought to be partly because of weakened immune systems and partly because healthcare systems have been badly affected. There are also effects of climate change.


Ricotta

Ricotta is an Italian fresh whey cheese made from the whey of sheep's milk or cow's milk. Whey is a watery liquid that separates from curds when cheese is made. Ricotta is soft, grainy and white. It can be used in Italian desserts like cheesecake or cannoli or in dishes like lasagna. It contains protein and is a dairy product.

Whey

Whey is a watery liquid that comes out of milk when it has been curdled and strained. It is also called milk plasma. It is a by-product of cheese making. "Sweet whey" is made during the making of rennet types of hard cheese like Cheddar or Swiss. "Acid whey" (also known as "sour whey") is made during the making of acid types of cheese such as cottage cheese. Whey also forms as a liquid on the top of yoghurt.

Whey can be used to make whey cheeses like ricotta. It can be added to processed foods like bread, pastry or crackers. It can also be used to feed animals.

Curd

Curds are a dairy product made by "curdling" milk with rennet or yeast so that it separates, and taking away the liquid part (called whey). Milk that has been left to go sour will also naturally separate into curds and whey. Curds are used to make cheese. Curds and whey can be eaten together as a dish.

Pokhara

Pokhara is the second largest city of Nepal. It is the main tourism centre of Nepal. It is 200 km away from the capital, Kathmandu.

<br>

Seal of Colorado

The Seal of the State of Colorado is an adaptation of the "Territorial Seal" which was adopted by the "First Territorial Assembly" on November 6, 1861. The only changes made in the Territorial Seal design being the changing of the words, "State of Colorado" and the figures "1876" for the corresponding words on the territorial seal. The first "General Assembly" of the State of Colorado approved the adoption of the state seal on March 15, 1877. The "Colorado Secretary of State" alone is authorized to affix the Great Seal of Colorado to any document.

Flag of Maine

The Flag of the State of Maine has the state coat of arms on a blue field. In the center of the shield a moose rests under a tall pine tree. A farmer and seaman represent the normal reliance on agriculture and the sea by the state. The "North Star" represents the state motto: Dirigo ("I Lead").

Seal of Maine

The Seal of the State of Maine was adopted in June 1820. There have been different kinds in the details of the seal, but the overall design and images remain true to the first. The center of the seal is a shield with a tranquil scene of a moose resting in a field bordered by water and woods, pine tree stand tall directly behind the moose. On either side of the shield, a farmer rests on his scythe, and a sailor leans on an anchor. Above the shield is the motto "Dirigo" (I lead), and a North Star. Below the shield is a banner that reads "Maine". The legislature of 1919 thought that the design of the seal should no longer vary, and the design is still used today.

Doctorate

A doctorate is a higher degree earned by passing a doctoral dissertation at a university. Usually, it refers to a Doctor of Philosophy, but it can also be an Doctor of Medicine or an Juris Doctor. There are different levels of doctorate including professional doctorate such as Doctor of Pharmacy, Juris Doctor (professional degree in law) and higher doctorates that require unique, independent research such as Doctor of Laws, Ph.Ds and Doctor of Science. Colleges often give honorary doctorates to famous people who speak there.

Cluster (computing)

In computing, a cluster is made of many individual computers that work together to solve a problem at hand. Clusters can have different forms: They can be whole computers working together, or only CPUs. These CPUs can communicate over a fast network, but they share the same hard disks, for example. Depending on the problem, solving it with a cluster of cheaper components can be less expensive that investing in better hardware that costs more.

Grid computing is different in that the individual computers work on separate tasks that are part of a large problem. They are usually more different from one another and geographically further apart than cluster computers are.

Garry Kasparov

Garry Kasparov (born 13 April 1963 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is a Russian chess grandmaster and political activist. He was born with the name "Garry Weinstein", and is partly of Jewish descent. He was the World Chess Champion from 1985 to 2000. In 1993 he broke away from FIDE to make a rival organisation (the PCA), because he felt FIDE had failed to raise enough money for world title matches. There is controversy about that period. By any measure, he is one of the greatest chess players of all time. He was the highest-rated player even after his retirement until Magnus Carlsen took him over.

Kasparov became the youngest non-disputed World Chess Champion in 1985 at the age of 22. He held the official FIDE world title until 1993, when an argument with FIDE led him to set up a rival company, the Professional Chess Association. He continued to hold the "Classical" World Chess Championship until his defeat by Vladimir Kramnik in 2000. Kasparov lost a match (a series of chess games) against "Deep Blue", a computer made by IBM, in 1997. Lately, retired from competition, he has been coaching Magnus Carlsen, the young player from Norway who is the current world #1.

After retiring from chess, Kasparov became involved in Russian politics. In 2005, he traveled around Russia, speaking against Vladimir Putin, who was President of Russia at that time. The same year he created the United Civil Front, a political movement whose main goal is to dismantle Putin's regime and restore democracy in Russia.

Kasparov was also one of the founders of The Other Russia, an opposition coalition which unites many left and nationalist politicians. He helped organize marches of dissenters involving several thousand people rallying against Putin and governors of Moscow and Saint Petersburg.

In October 2007, Kasparov announced his intention of standing for the Russian presidency. In November 2007, he was detained by police at a rally in Moscow and given a jail sentence of five days. On 12 December 2007, Kasparov announced that he had to withdraw his presidential candidacy due to inability to rent a hall where at least 500 of his supporters could meet to endorse his candidacy, as is legally required. Kasparov's spokeswoman accused the government of using pressure to discourage anyone from renting a hall for the gathering. In 2008 Kasparov and his United Civil Front joined the Solidarity movement.

Kasparov is among the 34 first signatories and a key organiser of the online anti-Putin campaign Putin must go started in March 2010.

Stanley Vann

Stanley Vann (born Leicester, 15 February 1910 - 27 March 2010) was an English composer, organist, choral conductor, and choir trainer. He contributed a great deal to music in the Anglican church tradition. He was Director of Music at Peterborough Cathedral from 1953 to 1977. On 15 February 2010 he celebrated his 100th birthday. He died the following month.

Vann was born in Leicester. He started to learn the piano when he was about six years old. At the age of 17 he learned the organ, and by the time he was 20 he had passed his ARCM, ARCO and FRCO organ diplomas.

In 1931 he became Assistant Organist at Leicester Cathedral. In 1933 he became Organist at Gainsborough Parish Church, then went to Leamington Spa as Organist of Holy Trinity church in 1939. He started a choir and an orchestra there: the Leamington Spa Bach Choir and the Warwickshire Symphony Orchestra.

Between 1942 and 1946 he had to fight in the Second World War.

In 1949 he got the jobs of Organist at Chelmsford Cathedral and Professor of Harmony and Counterpoint at Trinity College, London. In Chelmsford he started the Essex Symphony Orchestra.

He also trained the Leicester Philharmonic choir for the famous conductors Henry Wood and Malcolm Sargent.

In 1909 Vann became Master of the Music in Peterborough Cathedral. He stayed in this job until he retired in 1977. The choir was not particularly good when he started there, but he soon made them into an excellent choir. They made many recordings. In 1971 he was given a Lambeth doctorate by the Archbishop of Canterbury for his services to music.

When he retired he first moved to Wansford in Cambridgeshire so that he was half way between his son (in Yorkshire) and his daughter (in Berkshire). He continued to work there, training the church choir, giving singing lessons, and composing. Later he moved to Yorkshire to be nearer to family. He died aged 100 after falling down and breaking his hip.

Stanley Vann composed a great deal of music, mostly for the Anglican church service. His compositions include hymn tunes, anthems, motets, chants, organ music and many other pieces. One of his largest pieces is the Billingshurst Mass, for large chorus and orchestra. It was first performed in Chichester Cathedral in 2000.

In 2000 a concert was given in All Saints Church, Peterborough to celebrate his 90th birthday. On Sunday 14 February 2010 many cathedrals and churches in England arranged special concerts and services to celebrate his 100th birthday
. The BBC broadcast a special choral evensong on Radio 3 on Wednesday 24 February from Peterborough Cathedral (Wednesday 17 February is Ash Wednesday, so that a lot of his music would not have been suitable.).

There is a scholarship in his name for young choir trainers and directors in the Anglican tradition.

Royal College of Organists

The Royal College of Organists or RCO, is an organisation based in the United Kingdom, but with members around the world. Its job is to support organ playing and choral music. People who learn the organ can go there to take professional organ examinations.

There is a large library with more than 60,000 books about organ playing and organ music.

When the RCO started in 1864 by Richard Limpus it was called the "College of Organists". It was given a Royal Charter in 1893. In 1903 it was offered an extremely cheap 99-year lease on a beautiful building in Kensington, West London. The college was there until 1991 when it moved to a church in the City of London. In 2003 it moved again to Birmingham.

The RCO offers five qualifications or diplomas.



ARCO

ARCO (short for Atlantic Richfield Company, the original name) is a United States oil company. It has operations in the United States, Indonesia, the North Sea, and the South China Sea. As of July 2011, it had more than 1,300 gas stations in the western part of the United States.

ARCO's original parent companies included:
The two companies merged in 1966, and bought Sinclair Oil Corporation in 1969. In 1978, ARCO opened its first ampm convenience store.

Between 1970 and 2000, ARCO had a complicated corporate history. By 1985, it sold its Eastern US business to a new Atlantic Petroleum. In 2000, the remaining Western US business was bought by British Petroleum (BP). Finally, in 2013, BP sold ARCO and the Carson Refinery to Tesoro for $2.5 billion.

In 1957, Richfield was the first to drill for oil in Alaska. On July 15 of that year they struck oil with their first well. It was the first major oil discovery in Alaska and tested at 900 barrels a day. In 1968 they partnered with Exxon for Alaska North Slope oil production. In 1980, they were the seventh largest oil company in the United States.



Skating

Skating refers and involves any sport or recreational activity that involves traveling on dry surface or ice using skates.

There are many varieties of skating, such as:


Economic bubble

An economic bubble happens when a market goes through a very fast inflation of value. This increase is followed by a quick decrease in value, called a "crash" or a "bubble burst". Economic bubbles can be caused by many things, but many economists believe that economic bubbles are related to inflation. An economic bubble can cause an economic crisis due to a loss of investment both by companies and individuals, such as the Great Depression or the Economic crisis of 2007-2010.

An economic bubble occurs due to the human psychology of an expectation of an unlimited demand for any particular commodity. The market moves up quickly as the investors see an increase in prices due to increase in demand. Prices may eventually fall when supply increases beyond the demand, resulting in the bursting of the bubble. Predicting when this will happen is difficult, hence it may surprise investors.

Population without double counting

Population sans doubles comptes is a phrase in French that means population without double counting in English.

In France, because of the census, the INSEE has allowed people who live in one place and study in a different place to be counted twice, so as to show how the population moves. Because of this, each commune in France has many numbers of how many people live in it. For example, students may be counted where they study and where they live but do not study (the place they were born in). It is just like allowing students in the United States to vote in the town election of the place they are studying in and the town election where they were born.



Glass transition

The glass transition is the transition of amorphous solids from a hard and brittle state into a molten or rubber-like state. An amorphous solid that goes through a glass transition is called a glass. Supercooling a viscous liquid into the glass state is called vitrification.

The glass transition temperature "T" is always lower than the melting temperature, "T", of the crystalline state of the material, if one exists. Above a glass transition temperature, a plastic is rubbery. Below the glass transition temperature, a plastic is solid. Thermosets, or thermo-setting plastics, burn up before they reach their melt temperature, but most thermosets also undergo glass transition.

Uncle Tom's Cabin

Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Life Among the Lowly is an anti-slavery novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe was published on March 3rd, 1852. It greatly influenced many people's thoughts about African Americans and slavery in the United States. It also strengthened the conflict between the Northern and Southern United States. This led to the American Civil War. The book's effect was so powerful that Lincoln said when he met Stowe at the beginning of the Civil War, "So this is the little lady who made this big war."

The main character of the novel is Uncle Tom, a patient black slave. The sentimental novel showed the effects of slavery. It also said that Christian love is stronger than slavery.

"Uncle Tom's Cabin" was the most popular novel of the 19th century, and the third best-selling book of the century (the first one was the Bible). It helped abolitionism spread in the 1850s.

In these days, it has been praised as a very important help to anti-slavery. However, it has also been criticized for making stereotypes about black people.

Harriet Beecher Stowe was born in Connecticut. She was an abolitionist. Stowe wrote her novel because of the 1850 passage of the second Fugitive Slave Act. This law punished people who helped slaves run away. It also made the North stop and return the South's black runaways. Mrs. Edward Beecher wrote to Harriet ("Hattie"), "If I could use a pen as you can, I would write something that will make this whole nation feel what an accursed thing slavery is." At that time, Stowe was a wife with six children who sometimes wrote for magazines. Her son, Charles Stowe, said that his mother read this letter out loud to her children. When she finished the letter, she stood up, and with "an expression on her face that stamped itself on the mind of her child", she said, "I "will" write something...I will if I live." That is how "Uncle Tom's Cabin" began.

According to Stowe, she began thinking about "Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Life Among the Lowly" as she was in a church in February 1851. She had a vision of a Christian black man being beaten and praying for the people who were beating him as he died. She was also partly inspired to write her novel by the autobiography of Josiah Henson. Henson was a black man who had run away and helped many black slaves. She was also helped by the book "American Slavery As It Is: Testimony of a Thousand Witnesses" by Theodore Dwight Weld and the Grimké sisters. Stowe also said that she got lots of ideas for Uncle Tom's Cabin by talking to runaway slaves when she was living in Cincinnati, Ohio.

In her book "A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin" (1853), Stowe wrote about the stories that inspired her when she was writing "Uncle Tom's Cabin". However, later research showed that Stowe did not actually read many of the stories inside the book until after her novel was published.

"Uncle Tom's Cabin" began in a series in an anti-slavery newspaper, "The National Era". "The National Era" had also printed other works Stowe had written. Because everybody liked the story so much, John P. Jewett of Boston asked Stowe to turn the serial into a book. Stowe was not sure if people would like to read the story as a book. However, she finally agreed. John Jewett, sure that the book would be popular, asked Hammatt Billings to engrave six pictures for the book. In March 20, 1852, the finished book came out. By June it was selling ten thousand copies a week. By October American sales alone were 150 thousand copies. In the first year it was published, 300,000 copies of the book were sold, and it was translated into many important languages.

A Kentucky farmer named Arthur Shelby is afraid of losing his farm because of debts. Even though he and his wife, Emily Shelby, are kind to their slaves, he decides to sell two of them: Uncle Tom, a middle-aged man with a wife and children, and Harry, the son of his wife's maid Eliza. Emily Shelby is shocked and unhappy because she promised Eliza that she would not sell her son. George Shelby, her son, is unhappy because he admires Uncle Tom as his friend and Christian.

When Eliza hears about Mr. Shelby's plans to sell her son, she decides to run away with her only son. She writes a letter saying sorry to Mrs. Shelby and runs away that night.

Meanwhile, Uncle Tom is sold and put into a boat, which sails down the Mississippi River. There, he makes friends with a girl called Evangeline ("Eva"). When Eva falls into the water and he saves her, Eva's father, Augustine St. Clare, buys Tom. Eva and Tom become good friends because they both love Jesus very deeply.

During Eliza's escape, she meets her husband, George Harris, who had run away before her. They decide to try to run away to Canada. However, they are hunted by a slave hunter named Tom Loker. Tom Loker finally traps Eliza and her family, so that George shoots Loker. Eliza is worried that Loker might die and go to hell. Because of this, she persuades her husband to take him to a Quaker town to get better. The gentle Quakers change Tom Loker greatly.

In St. Clare's house, St. Clare argues with his sister, Miss Ophelia. She thinks that slavery is wrong, but is prejudiced against blacks. St. Clare buys Topsy, a black child, and challenges Miss Ophelia to educate her. Miss Ophelia tries, but fails.

After Tom has lived with St. Clare for about two years, Eva becomes very sick. She has a vision of heaven before she dies. Because of her death, many people change. Miss Ophelia loses her prejudice of black people, Tospy decides to become "good", and St. Clare decides to free Tom.

St. Clare, however, is hurt when he tries to stop a fight at a tavern and dies. Because of this, he cannot keep his promise to free Tom. His wife sells Tom to a plantation owner named Simon Legree. Legree takes Tom to Louisiana. There, he meets other slaves, including Emmeline (who Legree bought at the same time that he bought Tom). Legree begins to hate Tom when Tom disobeys his order to whip the other slaves. Legree beats him, and decides to destroy Tom's faith in God. However, Tom secretly continues to read the Bible and help the other slaves. At the plantation, Tom meets Cassy, another black slave. Her two children had been sold, and she had killed her third child because she was afraid that her child would be sold, too.

Loker has been changed because of the Quakers. George, Eliza, and Harry have finally reached Canada and become free. Meanwhile, Uncle Tom feels so unhappy that he almost gives up, but he has two visions of Jesus and Eva. He decides to continue to be a Christian, even if he has to die. Cassy and Emmeline, with Tom’s encouragement, run away. They cleverly use Legree’s superstitious fears to help them. When Tom does not tell Legree where they are, Legree tells his men to beat him to death. Tom forgives the two men who beat him as he dies, and they feel sorry and become Christians. George Shelby comes just as Tom is dying to free him. He is very angry and sad. However, Tom, saying smilingly, “Who,—who,—who shall separate us from the love of Christ?” dies.

Uncle Tom, the title character of the story, is a patient, noble, unselfish black slave. Stowe wanted him to be a “noble hero”: in the book, he stands up for what he believes in. Even though they do not want to, even his enemies admire him.

Recently, however, his name has also been used negatively. People often think of "Uncle Tom" as an old black man trying to make his masters happy, as people have criticized his quiet acceptance of slavery. However, others argue that this is not true. First of all, Uncle Tom is not really old - he is only eight years older than Mr. Shelby, which shows that he is probably around fifty. Also, Tom is not happy with slavery. His acceptance is not because of stupidity or because he likes slavery. It is because of his religious faith, which tells him to love everyone. Wherever Uncle Tom goes, he loves and spreads comfort and kindness. He helps slaves escape, such as Eliza, Emmeline and Cassy. He also refuses to beat other slaves. Because of this, he is beaten himself. Stowe was not trying to make Tom an example for "blacks" but for white "and" black people. She says that if white people were to be loving and unselfish like Uncle Tom, slavery would be impossible.

Eliza Harris is Mrs. Shelby's favorite maid, George Harris' wife, and Harry's mother. Eliza is a brave, intelligent, and very beautiful young slave. Eliza loves her son, Harry, very much. It is possible her love for him was even greater because she lost two of her first infant children. Her motherly love is shown when she bravely escapes with her son. Perhaps the most well-known part of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" is the part where Eliza escapes on the Ohio River with Harry.

This escape is said to have been inspired by a story heard in the Lane Theological Seminary in Cincinnati by John Rankin to Stowe's husband Calvin, a professor at the school. In Rankin's story, in February, 1838, a young slave woman had escaped across the frozen Ohio River to the town of Ripley, Ohio with her child in her arms and stayed at his house before she had gone further towards the north.

Eva "Evangeline" St. Clare is St. Clare and Marie's angelic daughter. She enters the story when Tom saves her from drowning when he was going to be sold. Eva asks her father to buy Tom. She says, "I want to make him happy". Through her, Tom becomes St. Clare's leading coachman and Eva's "especial attendant (helper)...Tom had...orders to let everything else go, and attend to Miss Eva whenever she wanted him,—orders which our readers may fancy (imagine) were far from disagreeable to him." She is very beautiful: "Her form was the perfection of childish beauty...Her face was remarkable less for its perfect beauty of features than for a singular (strange) and dreamy earnestness (seriousness) of expression...all marked her out (made her different) from the other children, and made every one turn and look after her".

To Tom, she "...seemed something almost divine; and whenever her golden head and deep blue eyes peered (looked) out upon him...he half believed that he saw one of the angels stepped out of his New Testament." He says that "She's got the Lord's mark in her forehead." Eva is an almost perfect, Christ-like child. She is very sad about slavery. She does not see the difference between blacks and whites. She talks very much about love and forgiveness. Even Topsy is touched by her love. Eva becomes one of the most important people in Tom's life.

Ophelia St. Clare is perhaps the most complicated female character in the novel. St. Clare calls her, "...desperately ... good; it tires me to death to think of it." She does not like slavery. However, she does not like to be touched or come close to any black person as a human being. When she first saw Eva "...shaking hands and kissing" with the blacks, she declared that it had "...fairly turned her stomach (made her feel sick)." She adds, "I want to be kind to everybody, and I wouldn't have anything hurt; but as to kissing...How can she?"

She has a "clear, strong, active mind", and is very practical. However, she has a warm heart, which she shows in her love for St. Clare and Eva. Ophelia hates slavery, but has a deep prejudice against blacks. St. Clare, as a challenge to her, buys Topsy. He tells her to try educating her. At first she tries to teach and help Topsy simply because of duty. However, Stowe says that duty is not enough: there must be love. Eva's death changes Ophelia. When Topsy cries, ""She" said she "loved" me...there an't (is not) "nobody" left now...!" Ophelia gently says, as "honest tears" fell down her face, "Topsy, you poor child..."I" can love you, though I am not like that dear little child. I hope I've learnt something of the love of Christ from her. I can love you...and I'll try to help you to grow up a good Christian girl." Stowe thought that there were many people like Miss Ophelia St. Clare, who did not like slavery but could not think of blacks as people. She wanted to write about such problems through Miss Ophelia.



"Uncle Tom's Cabin"'s most important theme is the evil of slavery. Every part in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" develops the characters and the story. But most importantly, it always tries to show the reader that slavery is evil, un-Christian, and should not be allowed. One way Stowe showed the evil of slavery was how it forced families from each other.

Stowe thought mothers were the "model for all of American life". She also believed that only women could save the United States from slavery. Because of this, another very important theme of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" is the moral power and sanctity of women. White women like Mrs. Bird, St. Clare’s mother, Legree’s mother, and Mrs. Shelby try to make their husbands help their slaves. Eva, who is the "ideal Christian", says that blacks and whites are the same. Black women like Eliza are brave and pious. She escapes from slavery to save her son, and by the end of the novel, has made her whole family come together again. Some critics said that Stowe's female characters are often unrealistic. However, Stowe's novel made many people remember "the importance of women's influence" and helped the women's rights movement later.

Stowe's puritanical religious beliefs are also one of the biggest themes in the novel. She explores what Christianity is like. She believed that the most important thing in Christianity was love for everyone. She also believed that Christian theology shows that slavery is wrong. This theme can be seen when Tom urges St. Clare to "look away to Jesus" after St. Clare's daughter Eva dies. After Tom dies, George Shelby says, "What a thing it is to be a Christian." Because Christian themes are so important, and because Stowe often directly spoke in the novel about religion and faith, the novel is written in the "form of a sermon."

"Uncle Tom's Cabin" is written in a sentimental and melodramatic style. This style was often used in the 19th century sentimental novel and domestic fiction (also called women's fiction). These genres were the most popular novels of Stowe's time. It usually had female characters and a style that made readers feel sympathy and emotion for them. Stowe's novel is different from other sentimental novels because she writes about a large theme like slavery. It is also different because she has a man (Uncle Tom) as the main character. However, she still tried to make her readers have strong feelings when they read "Uncle Tom's Cabin", like making them cry when Eva died. This kind of writing made readers react powerfully. For instance, Georgiana May, a friend of Stowe's, wrote a letter to the writer. In the letter, she said that "I was up (awake) last night long after one o'clock, reading and finishing "Uncle Tom's Cabin". I could not leave it any more than I could have left a dying child." Another reader said that she thought about the book all the time and even thought about changing her daughter's name to Eva. The death of Eva affected lots of people. In 1852, 300 baby girls in Boston were named Eva.

Even though many readers were very moved, literary critics did not like the style in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and other sentimental novels. They said these books were written by women and had "women's sloppy (messy) emotions." One literary critic said that if the novel not been about slavery, "it would be just another sentimental novel". Another said the book was a "piece of hack (messy) work." In "The Literary History of the United States", George F. Whicher called "Uncle Tom's Cabin" "Sunday-school fiction".

However, in 1985 Jane Tompkins wrote differently about "Uncle Tom's Cabin" in her book "In Sensational Designs: The Cultural Work of American Fiction." Tompkins praised "Uncle Tom's Cabin"'s style. She said that sentimental novels showed how women's emotions changed the world in a good way. She also said that the popular domestic novels written in the 19th century, like "Uncle Tom's Cabin", were intelligently written. She also said that "Uncle Tom's Cabin" shows a "critique of American society far more devastating (powerful) than any ... by better-known critics such as Hawthorne and Melville."

"Uncle Tom's Cabin" has had a very great influence. There are not many novels in history that changed society so powerfully. When it was published, "Uncle Tom's Cabin", people who defended slavery were very angry and protested against it. Some people even wrote books against it. Abolitionists praised it very much. As a best-seller, the novel greatly influenced later protest literature.

As soon as it was published, "Uncle Tom's Cabin" made people in the American South very angry. The novel was also greatly criticized by people who supported slavery.

A famous novelist from the South, William Gilmore Simms, said that the book was not true. Others called the novel criminal and said it was full of lies. A person who sold books in Mobile, Alabama had to leave town for selling the novel. Stowe received threatening letters. She even received a package with a slave's cut ear once. Many Southern writers, like Simms, soon began writing their own books about slavery.

Some critics said that Stowe had never actually went to a Southern plantation and she did not know much about Southern life. They said that because of this, she made wrong descriptions about the South. However, Stowe always said she made the characters of her book by stories she was told by slaves that ran away to Cincinnati, Ohio, where she lived. It is reported: "She observed firsthand (herself) several incidents (happenings) which ... [inspired] her to write [the] famous anti-slavery novel. Scenes she observed (saw) on the Ohio River, including seeing a husband and wife being sold apart, as well as newspaper and magazine accounts and interviews, contributed material to the ... plot."

In 1853, Stowe published "A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin". This was to show the people who had criticized the novel's description of slavery that it was true. In the book, Stowe writes about the important characters in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and about people in real life who were like them. Through this book, she writes a more "aggressive attack on slavery in the South than the novel itself had". Like the novel, "A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin" was also a best-seller. However, many of the works in "A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin" was read by Stowe after she published her novel.

Even though there were such criticisms, the novel was still very popular. Stowe's son says that when Abraham Lincoln met her in 1862 Lincoln said, "So this is the little lady who started this great war." Historians are not sure if Lincoln really said this or not. In a letter that Stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with Lincoln, she does not say anything about this sentence. After this, many writers have said that this novel helped make the North angry at slavery and at the Fugitive Slave Law. It greatly helped the abolitionist movement. Union general and politician James Baird Weaver said that the book made him help in the abolitionist movement.

"Uncle Tom's Cabin" also interested many people in England. The first London edition came out in May 1852. It sold 200,000 copies. Some of this interest was because at that time the British people did not like the United States. A writer said, "The evil passions which 'Uncle Tom' gratified in England were not hatred or vengeance [of slavery], but national jealousy and national vanity. We have long been smarting (hurting) under the conceit of America – we are tired of hearing her boast that she is the freest and the most enlightened country that the world has ever seen. Our clergy hate her voluntary system – our Tories hate her democrats – our Whigs hate her ... All parties hailed Mrs. Stowe as a revolter from the enemy." Charles Francis Adams, the American minister to Britain during the war, said later that, ""Uncle Tom's Cabin"; or "Life among the Lowly", published in 1852, influenced the world more quickly, powerfully, and dramatically than any other book ever printed."

"Uncle Tom’s Cabin" was published in Russia at the end of 1857 and was soon recognized as a classic of world literature. Many people saw a very strong link between the world of "Uncle Tom’s Cabin" and the serfdom that still existed in Russia in 1850s. In his letter to an abolitionist Maria Weston Chapman, Nikolay Turgenev wrote, “Many of the scenes described in the book seem like an exact depiction of equally frightful scenes in Russia.” "Uncle Tom's Cabin" served as an educational tool for Russian and Russo-Soviet elite in the post emancipation period, and it also became part of Soviet children literature.

The book has been translated into almost every language. For example, it was translated into Chinese. Its translator Lin Shu made this the first Chinese translation of an American novel. It was also translated into Amharic. Its 1930 translation was made to help Ethiopia end the suffering of blacks in that nation. The book was read by so many people that Sigmund Freud believed that some of his patients had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in "Uncle Tom's Cabin".

"Uncle Tom's Cabin" was the first widely read political novel in the United States. It greatly influenced American literature and protest literature. Some later books that were greatly influenced by "Uncle Tom's Cabin" are "The Jungle" by Upton Sinclair and "Silent Spring" by Rachel Carson.

However, even though "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was very important, many people thought the book was a mix of "children's fable and propaganda". Many critics called the book "merely (only) a sentimental novel". George Whicher wrote in his "Literary History of the United States" that "Nothing attributable to Mrs. Stowe or her handiwork can account for the novel's enormous (great) vogue (popularity); its author's resources ... of Sunday-school fiction were not remarkable ... melodrama, humor, and pathos … compounded (made up) her book."

Other critics, though, have praised the novel. Edmund Wilson said that "To expose oneself in maturity (when one has grown up) to Uncle Tom's Cabin may … prove a startling (surprising) experience." Jane Tompkins said that the novel is one of the classics of American literature. She suggested that literary critics think badly of the book because it was simply too popular when it came out.

Through the years, people have wondered what Stowe was trying to say with the novel. Some of her themes can be seen easily, like the evil of slavery. However, some themes are harder to see. For example, Stowe was a Christian and active abolitionist, and put lots of her religious beliefs in her book. Some have said that Stowe wrote in her novel what she thought was a solution to the problem that worried many people who did not like slavery. This problem was: was doing things that were not allowed justified if they did it to fight evil? Was it right to use violence to stop the violence of slavery? Was breaking laws that helped slavery right? Which of Stowe's characters should be followed: the patient Uncle Tom or the defiant George Harris? Stowe thought that God's will would be followed if each (every) person sincerely (truly) examined his principles and acted on (followed) them.

People have also thought "Uncle Tom's Cabin" expressed the ideas of the Free Will Movement. In this idea, the character of George Harris symbolizes the free labor. The complex character of Ophelia shows the Northerners who allowed slavery, even though they did not like it. Dinah is very different from Ophelia. She acts by passion. In the book, Ophelia changes. Like Ophelia, the Republican Party (three years later) declared that the North must change itself. It said that the North must stop slavery actively.

Feminist theory can also be seen in Stowe's book. The novel can be seen as criticizing slavery's patriarchal nature. For Stowe, families were related by blood, not by family-like relations between masters and slaves. Stowe also saw the nation as a bigger "family". So, the feelings of nationality came from sharing the same race. Because of this, she supported the idea that freed slaves should live together in a colony.

The book has also been seen as trying to show that masculinity was important in stopping slavery. Abolitionists began to change the way they thought of violent men. They wanted men to help stop slavery without hurting their self-image or their position in society. Because of this, some abolitionists followed some of the principles of women's suffrage, peace, and Christianity. They praised men for helping, working together, and having mercy. Other abolitionists were more traditional: they wanted men to act more forcefully. All the men in Stowe's book show either patient men or traditional men.

Recently, some people have begun criticizing the book for what they thought were racist descriptions of the book's black characters. They criticized the way Stowe wrote about the characters' looks, speech, behavior, and the passive nature of Uncle Tom. The book's use of common stereotypes about African Americans is important because "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was the best-selling novel in the world in the 19th century. Because of this, the book (together with images in the book and related stage productions) helped make a great number of people accept such stereotypes.

Among the African-American stereotypes in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" are:


These stereotypes made many people think much more lightly of the historical importance of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" as a "vital antislavery tool." This change in the way people looked at "Uncle Tom's Cabin" began in an essay by James Baldwin. This essay was titled "Everybody’s Protest Novel." In the essay, Baldwin called "Uncle Tom’s Cabin" a "very bad novel". He said it was not well-written.

In the 1960s and '70s, the Black Power and Black Arts Movements strongly criticized the book. They said that the character of Uncle Tom was a part of "race betrayal". They said that Tom made slaves look worse than slave owners. Criticisms of the other stereotypes in the book also increased during this time.

However, people such as Henry Louis Gates Jr. have begun studying "Uncle Tom's Cabin" again. He says that the book is a "central document in American race relations and a significant (important) moral and political exploration of the character of those relations."


Jamie McMurray

James Christopher "Jamie" McMurray (born June 3, 1976) is an American racecar driver. McMurray drove full-time in the NASCAR Cup Series from 2003 until 2018. Since 2018, McMurray has been a Sports analyst for FOX Sports. McMurray won the 2010 Daytona 500 while driving for Chip Ganassi Racing.

Phil Wachsmann

Phil Wachsmann (born August 5, 1944) is an African "avant-garde" jazz/jazz fusion violinist born in Kampala, Uganda, probably better known for having founded his own group Chamberpot. He has worked with many musicians in the free jazz idiom, including Tony Oxley, Fred van Hove, Barry Guy, Derek Bailey and Paul Rutherford, among many others. Wachsmann is especially known for playing within the electronica idiom.

National Autonomous University of Mexico

The National Autonomous University of México (UNAM) a university in Mexico City. It is one of the biggest universities in Mexico and Latin America. UNAM was started on 22 September 1910 by Justo Sierra.UNAM's main campus in Mexico City, known as "Ciudad Universitaria" (University City), is a UNESCO World Heritage site that was designed by some of Mexico's best-known architects of the 20th century. Murals in the main campus were painted by some of the most recognized artists in Mexican history, such as Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros. In 2016, it had an acceptance rate of only 8%. UNAM generates a number of strong research publications and patents in diverse areas, such as robotics, computer science, mathematics, physics, human-computer interaction, history, philosophy, among others. All Mexican Nobel laureates are either alumni or faculty of UNAM.


1985 Santiago earthquake

The 1985 Santiago earthquake was registered the Sunday March 3, 1985 at 22:47 UTC (19:47 local time). Its epicenter was on the coastline of the Valparaiso Region, Chile, near Algarrobo. It had a magnitude of 8.0 on the Richter scale.

Jethro Tull

Jethro Tull may refer to:


Healthcare

Health care or healthcare is the preservation of mental and physical health by preventing or treating illnesses through services offered by the health profession and its staff. Health care includes all reasonable and necessary medical aid, medical examinations, medical treatments, medical diagnoses, medical evaluations and medical services. The right to health care is considered one of human rights with international human rights law as well as social security.
A primary care doctor (PCD) or primary care physician (PCP) is a doctor who provides general medical care. These doctors can answer health concerns and medical conditions a patient may have. They also can prescribe medicine for their patients, based on information gathered.

In most countries most of the money goes on hospital services.

Mental illness is in most places treated separately from physical illness. It was, and in some places still is, given a religious explanation. People were sent to workhouses or asylums if they were thought to be dangerous to themselves or other people. By the 19th century many of them were very large. There was very little involvement by doctors until the 20th century when psychiatry developed. The classification of mental disorders has been, and still is, controversial. Mental health services generally get less attention and money than those for physical illness. Abuse of patients is not uncommon. People are often sent a long way from home. People may have to wait a lot longer for help in the community.

The amount of money spend on health care goes from Madagascar which spend $19.85 per person per year to the United States where the government spends $10,921 per person. About the same is spent privately in the USA, much of it from health insurance. 


pro
Rodrigo

Rodrigo (English: Ruderic, Roderic, Roderik, Roderich, or Roderick, ; died 711 or 712) was the Visigothic King of Hispania for a brief period between 710 and 712. He is famous in legend as "the last king of the Goths." In history he actually is an extremely obscure figure about whom little can be said with certainty but that he ruled part of Iberia with opponents ruling the rest and was defeated and killed by invading Muslims who soon conquered the entire peninsula. His widow Egilona is believed to have married Abd al-Aziz ibn Musa, who was later assassinated.

Hurricane Ida (2009)

Hurricane Ida was the last storm in the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed in the southwestern Caribbean on November 4 after being in that area for a few days. After becoming a depression it quickly got stronger and became a tropical storm and a hurricane shortly before it struck Nicaragua. Over Central America, Hurricane Ida weakened very fast, becoming downgraded to a tropical depression before the end of the day on November 5.

By November 6, Ida went back into the Caribbean and later became a hurricane again. Its strength changed a few times before it died on November 10 off the coast of Alabama. Reports show that Hurricane Ida caused $5.6 million in damage and caused 2 deaths.

Ida was tracked back to a tropical wave that entered the western Caribbean Sea on November 1. A low soon formed near the tropical wave. This low did not move very much and it also got a lot of clouds near the middle of it. There was hardly any wind shear, which allowed for more clouds to form. 

On November 4, the tropical wave National Hurricane Center began call it Tropical Depression Eleven. The new tropical depression quickly got stronger and became Tropical Storm Ida soon after that. An Aircraft went into Ida and soon found winds at 65 miles per hour, which meant it was nearly a hurricane. 

Continuing to the northwest, Tropical Storm Ida was upgraded to Hurricane Ida when winds got to 80 miles per hour; at the time, it was put at only 75 miles per hour. Soon after this, Hurricane Ida made landfall in Nicaragua on November 5. Ida weakened quickly over land and was downgraded to a tropical storm just after landfall. Near the end of the day on November 5, Tropical Storm Ida weakened to a tropical depression. 

Tropical Depression Ida survived its passage over land and went back into the Caribbean on November 6. Over the western Caribbean, it quickly became a tropical storm again. After moving north, Tropical Storm Ida became a hurricane again. <ref name="update11/7/09"></ref> It reached its highest winds on November 8 while it crossed between Cuba and Mexico; they were measured at 105 miles per hour, making it a category 2 hurricane. Water temperatures in the Gulf of Mexico were not warm enough to keep Ida at this strength. so it quickly weakened back to a tropical storm. 

For only six hours, it became a hurricane again before it became extratropical on November 10 while it was just south of Alabama. At the time, it looked like it stayed as a tropical storm and made landfall in Alabama, this was later noted as incorrect. Its remnants formed a strong nor'easter that affected some of the states of the East Coast of the United States.

Damage in Nicaragua was near $2.1 million and there were no people killed. In El Salvador, it seemed at first that killed over 100 people, this was discovered as a mistake later on.



Tambo

Tambo could mean:


In Australia:

In Peru:

In South Africa:

Elsewhere:



Los Navegantes

Los Navegantes (; roughly translated as "Los Navegantes Neighborhood") is a residential neighbourhood in the south-east of Pichilemu, Chile. It is near the Municipal Stadium and La Cruz Hill.

"Los Navegantes" has a perimeter of approximately . It was founded between 1996-1997. It has a court. The Pichilemu tsunami secure side, starts near the neighborhood.

The Rugby Championship

The Rugby Championship is an annual rugby union competition between the national teams of the sport's four strongest Southern Hemisphere nations—New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, and Argentina. It began in 1996, a year after the sport became professional, as the Tri Nations. At the time, New Zealand, Australia, and South Africa competed for the Tri Nations Trophy. Beginning in 2012, Argentina joined the competition.

During the Tri Nations era, the contest began in July, during the Southern Hemisphere winter, and ran through September. For most of that era, each team played every other team twice, once at home and once away. Later on, each team played the others three times. When the competition added Argentina, it returned to a pure home-and-away format, with a total of 12 games played. Also, due to a slight change in the sport's calendar, The Rugby Championship now begins in August and runs through October. This format is used except in years in which the Rugby World Cup is played (every four years, in the year before the Summer Olympics). In those years, each team plays the others only once, with a total of six games played.

Teams are awarded competition points for a win, but can also earn 'bonus' points. At the end of the series, the team with the most competition points wins the trophy. The team that wins the competition is usually considered to be the best rugby union team in the Southern Hemisphere for that year.

New Zealand and Australia compete annually for the Bledisloe Cup. All Rugby Championship games count as competition games for the Bledisloe Cup.

South Africa and Australia compete annually for the Mandela Plate. Some of the Rugby Championship games count as competition games for the Mandela Plate.

New Zealand and South Africa compete annually for the Freedom Cup. Some of the Rugby Championship games count as competition games for the Freedom Cup.

Agustín Ross Cultural Centre

Agustín Ross Cultural Centre (Spanish, " Centro Cultural Agustín Ross"), previously known as Casino Ross ("Ross Casino"), is a historic casino building. It is in Agustín Ross Avenue, in front of Ross Park, in Pichilemu, Chile. The building was built in the late 1800s. In 1906 the first Chilean casino was built there. It was closed in 1932 and converted into a hotel which was open until the 1980s. The building is now Pichilemu's cultural centre.

The casino is named after Agustín Ross Edwards, a Chilean writer, member of parliament, minister and politician. He was part of the powerful family Ross Edwards, which founded the newspaper "El Mercurio" years earlier. Based on his european experience, Ross bought a place named ""La Posada"" (English: "The Inn") or Petren Fund in 1885. At that time, it was just some barracks with thick walls with a ground of 300 hectares.

The old Ross Casino was constructed in the late 1800s by Ross himself. It contained the first mail and telegraph service and a big store. The building had three floors, and was raised using imported materials. In January 20, 1906, the first Chilean casino was opened in that building. The Ross Casino worked until 1932, when the permission was cancelled, allowing just the newly constructed Viña del Mar Casino to work. After the closing of the Ross Casino, the building was converted into a hotel was which functioned until the 1980s.

The old casino (1905) and its gardens (1885) are an important part of the city. It was named Historic Monument by the National Monuments Council on February 25, 1988, by the supreme decree N° 100.

Ross was also the administrator of the great Juana Ross de Edwards fortune, the Nancagua Hacienda, near the city of same name. He designed an urban set of high environmental value and landscape, transforming ""La Posada"" to a hotel ("Great Hotel Pichilemu", later "Hotel Ross", or "Ross Hotel"). 
Ross also built several chalets, terraces, embankments, stone walls, a balcony in front of the beach and several large houses with imported building materials and furniture from France and England. Additionally, he put up a park and a forest of more than 10 hectares. Ross turned Pichilemu into a summer resort town for rich people from Santiago. He, however, could not build a dock for the city, as he had planned. 

In 1935, the Ross successors ceded to the Illustrious Municipality of Pichilemu all the Ross constructions (streets, avenues, squares, seven hectares of forests, the park in front of the hotel, the perrons and the terraces) under condition that the municipality hold them for recreation and public access.

The Cultural Centre was severely damaged after the February 2010 Chile earthquake. The library that it hosted was completely destroyed. After the 2010 Pichilemu earthquake, the Cultural Centre suffered structural damage, but Roberto Córdova, Mayor of Pichilemu, said that it was repairable.

Australia national rugby union team

The Australia national rugby union team, nicknamed the Wallabies are the national rugby union side of Australia. The first Australian teams played against the British Lions at the Sydney Cricket Ground on 24 June 1899. The Australians won the game 13-3. In 1908, the Australians went to the United Kingdom, France and North America to play. They needed a name and someone suggested the "Rabbits", but the team did not like it and chose the "Wallabies" instead. A wallaby is a small mammal from Australia, very similar to a kangaroo. Until the 1980s, only teams playing overseas were called the Wallabies; when they played in Australia they were called Internationals. Now the national team is called the Wallabies all the time.

Sparrow

A north American sparrow is a member of the genus "Passer". They are small passerine birds which belong to the family "Passeridae". They are also known as old-world sparrows. Sparrows often make their nests near houses or buildings. This means they are one of the easiest birds to see in the wild.

The genus has about 30 species around the world. The best known of these is the house sparrow, "Passer domesticus".

Some authorities place other genera in the sparrow group: "Petronia", the rock sparrows; "Carpospiza", the pale rockfinch; and "Montifringilla", the snowfinches.

Sparrows are small birds. They are between 11–18 centimeters long. They can weigh between 13–42 grams. They are usually brown and grey. They have short tails and small, strong beaks. Most sparrows eat seeds or small insects. Sparrows are social birds and they live in flocks (groups).

The house sparrow ("Passer domesticus") is a species of sparrow. It lives all over the world. It originally lived only in Europe and Asia. However, people travelled to new places and the house sparrow went to those places too. It is now the bird with the widest distribution. This means it lives in the most places. The species has about 50 subspecies.

Sparrows can be seen on every continent on earth. A long time ago, they lived only in Europe, Asia and Africa. However, people traveled to Australia, North America and South America, and now sparrows are seen there too. The house sparrow is seen in every continent. In Australia, there are no sparrows in Western Australia, as they have not been able to travel across the deserts that separate that state from the eastern states. The government employs people to hunt and destroy any sparrows that might arrive.

The house sparrow was introduced to America in the late 19th century. It was introduced on purpose. It was imported by several people, including Eugene Schieffelin, who was a wealthy New York City admirer of Shakespeare. He wanted to introduce to America all the birds mentioned in the works of Shakespeare. Two of these species were great successes: starlings and house sparrows. He organized a society for the importation of foreign birds, incorporated in Albany.

Some ornithologists thought the "Estrildid finches" were in the same family as sparrows. However, they are now in a different family, the Estrildidae.

There is also a group called 'American sparrows', or New World sparrows. These are also in a different family, the Emberizidae (buntings).

The hedge sparrow (also known as the dunnock or accentor) "Prunella modularis" is also not a true sparrow. It is in a different family, the Prunellidae. It is only called a sparrow because people called all small brown birds 'sparrows'. Birdwatchers call then all LBJs (little brown jobs) because they are usually so difficult to tell apart.

The house sparrow is small bird. It is between 14–18 centimeters (5.5–7.1 in) long. It weighs between 24–39.5 grams (0.85–1.4 oz). Females are smaller than males.

Male and female house sparrows are different colors. The male is brown, gray and white. It has a black throat. The female and young house sparrows are brown and dark yellow or cream. They have streaks (stripes) on their heads and wings.

The house sparrow lives close to humans, often near human houses in towns or cities. It also lives near farms and makes a nest in a bush or small tree. It can have two or three broods per year. This means it has two or three sets of eggs and chicks each year.

Nest sites are varied, though cavities are preferred. Nests are most frequently built in the eaves and other crevices of houses. Holes in cliffs and banks, or tree hollows, are also used. A sparrow sometimes digs out its own nests in sandy banks or rotten branches. More often it uses the nests of other birds, such swallows' nests in banks and cliffs, and old tree nest holes. It often uses deserted nests. Sometimes it takes over active nests by driving away or killing the occupants. Tree hollows are more commonly used in North America than in Europe. This puts the sparrows in competition with bluebirds and other North American cavity nesters so the native bird population declines.

The number of house sparrows in the United Kingdom has gone down, perhaps because their hedgerow habitat has shrunk. They are now 'endangered' in the United Kingdom. However, in other countries, the bird is still very common. Hedges are necessary to the bird because predators cannot usually get at their nests. They would have no defence against magpies (for example) if face-to-face.

Sparrows eat some grain. So Mao decided that sparrows should be eliminated in China. The result was a disastrous famine, with grain yields a fraction of what went before. Apparently no-one knew enough about sparrows. They are major predators of locusts. With few sparrows, locusts thrived and ate much of the wheat. It is difficult in an autocracy to tell leaders they are wrong.


Couch

A couch, sofa or settee is a kind of furniture that is designed to seat more than one person. It usually has a place to rest your arm on each side. Couches are normally found in the living room or in front of the TV.

In the 17th and 18th centuries, a couch was thought as a long, upward seat for resting on. One end would slope up high enough to provide a place for the head to rest.
Some late 18th-century kinds of couches had an arm running partly down one side, and this type continued to be made in England. In Greek places, there were flowing designs with all kind of elegant colors. Many of them had scrolled ends and short legs. The couch was later taken over by the overstuffed sofa during the Victorian age.

Because the couch is usually set in front of the TV, it is the main place where people usually sit and watch it. Lazy people would eventually seem to be stuck to it all the time. This person, a person who does not do a lot of physical activity, was called a "couch potato". This was also because potatoes do not move at all, and does not do anything but just sits there. This may also be considered as slang. Couch came from the word "couche", which means, "a bed, lair," or from the word "coucher", which means "to lie down."

The most common types of couches in homes are the "love seats" for two, or the "sofa" for more than two. Other couches include the "divan" or the ""fainting couch"", which usually does not have a back. Couches are usually bought in a set together with cushions, which give them a bouncey and decorative comfortable touch.



Jena Lee

Jena Lee (born 29 July, 1987 in Chile) is a French singer.

She was adopted by a French family at the age of nine months. In 2007, Jena Lee met Sulee B Wax, who was interested in her work. At this point in time Lee wrote the song "Some Share". The song was used in an album by Sherifa Luna. Jena Lee wrote six out of the thirteen songs that are on Sherifa Luna's album.

In 2008, Jena Lee won the Urban Music Nation contest by Skyrock. Her first single "J'aimerais Tellement" was released in April 2009 along with a music video. It was at the top of the French single charts for eleven weeks. It had the highest number of downloads in November 2009.

Sinik

Sinik (real name Thomas Gerard Idir; born on 26 June 1980) is a famous French rapper. His parents are Algerian. Thomas was four years old when his parents moved to Bergères in France.

Porridge

Porridge is a food which is made with a cereal, usually oats. The oats are boiled in water or milk, or both. It is usually served hot in a bowl or dish. Some people add things to their porridge such as sugar or syrup. In Scotland salt is often added.

Porridge is a traditional food in many countries in Northern Europe. It is usually eaten for breakfast. In some countries barley or other grains may be used. Porridge is cooked in saucepans or in a microwave. Traditionally, it was cooked in large metal kettles over hot coals. Porridge was often served as food for prisoners in prisons. This is why in English there is a slang expression "doing porridge" which means "being in prison". Porridge is also given to people who are ill because it is healthy and easy to eat and digest.

Semolina and gruel are foods which are quite similar to porridge. Semolina is usually served as a pudding. Gruel is a thinner version of porridge that may be also drunk and may not need to be cooked. Oliver Twist, in the famous book by Charles Dickens, was given gruel to eat.

Historically, heavy foods were eaten because most work was manual. Before the industrial revolution, men and women doing hard work needed more calories per day than they need today. At any rate this applies to countries which are highly mechanized. Porridge is a good example of the heavy calorie-laden food which has gradually gone out of favor.


Fresnel lens

A Fresnel lens is an optical lens, which was originally developed for Lighthouses. It is named after its inventor, French physicist Augustin-Jean Fresnel. The name is pronounced /freɪˈnɛl/ (fray-NELL), the 's' is silent. Before Fresnel, Buffon and Condorcet proposed a similar design, as a way to make large burning lenses. 

The design allows the construction of lenses of large aperture and short focal length without the weight and volume of material that would be required in conventional lens design. Compared to earlier lenses, the Fresnel lens is much thinner. More light can pass through. Lighthouses that use these kind of lenses can be seen from farther away.

Giacomo Meyerbeer

Giacomo Meyerbeer (born near Berlin, 5 September 1791; died Paris, 2 May 1864) was a famous German-born opera composer. He was the most important composer of French Grand opera during the 1830s and 1840s. Although he was tremendously popular in his day, his music is not often played now.

Meyerbeer was born into a rich Jewish family in Tasdorf (now a part of Rüdersdorf), near Berlin. His father owned large sugar refineries in Berlin and in Italy. His mother also came from a rich family. Her father had been important in Germany’s struggle to be free of the French in 1812 when Napoleon was trying to conquer much of Europe. Giacomo’s mother did a lot of good work trying to help people who were wounded during the Napoleonic wars.

Many famous people came to the house where Giacomo’s family lived. Some of the visitors were from the royal Prussian court, including the future King Friedrich Wilhelm IV. The naturalist and explorer Alexander von Humboldt also visited them quite often.

The first piano teacher the boy had was Franz Lauska, who also taught the royal princes. He also had lessons in composition. Meyerbeer first played in public in 1801 playing Mozart's Piano Concerto in D Minor in Berlin. He wrote his first opera in 1810. In the same year he went to Darmstadt to study with the well-known music theorist Abbé Vogler. There he met the young Carl Maria von Weber who was also a pupil of Vogler. He left Vogler in 1811 and tried to get some work in Munich. In 1813 he found he had been offered a job as court composer to the Grand Duke of Hessen. Vogler had probably recommended him for the job. At this time Meyerbeer was better known as a pianist than as a composer. He travelled to London to hear an important pianist based there, namely J.B.Cramer. There he met other famous pianists such as Kalkbrenner and Ferdinand Ries.

In 1816 Meyerbeer went to Italy. He wanted to learn about Italian opera and collect Italian folksongs. While he intended at first to stay only three months, he stayed most of the next nine years. He made some trips back to Germany and Austria during this time. He composed several operas which became very popular. People started to compare him with the famous Rossini. However, in Germany people were not interested in his music. He took his opera "Il crociato in Egitto" to London and then to Paris, where it was a success. The opera is remembered now for being the last opera ever to have a part for a castrato singer.

He was becoming well-known now. Spontini asked him to compose an opera for Berlin. He became friends, in Paris, with the librettist Eugène Scribe who had a lot of influence in the French theatre.

From 1825 onwards Meyerbeer spent his life travelling about Europe. He was often in Paris and in Berlin, but did not live in either of these places. He stayed in hotels or private houses wherever he went. One reason why he travelled was because of his health. His wife also had bad health, so they often went to spa towns to try to get better. He also travelled about to watch productions of his operas, and to hear young singers.

When Carl Maria von Weber died, he left an opera, "Die drei Pintos", unfinished. It was sent to Meyerbeer in the hope that he would finish it, but he did not seem interested. In the end Mahler finished it many years later.

Meyerbeer made changes to "Il crociato in Egitto" and turned it into a grand opera for the Opéra in Paris. He changed it from an Italian to a French opera, composing extra dance music and a new overture. He was determined to be famous in Paris.

In 1826 he married his cousin. They had two children, but they both died when they were very small.

In 1828 Daniel Auber, a famous French composer of the time, had composed a very popular opera called "La muette de Portici". It was the first French grand opera. Meyerbeer realized he could not become really popular by turning his Italian operas into French grand opera, so he took his comic opera "Robert le Diable" and changed it into a grand opera. Audiences loved it. Within three years it had been performed in 77 theatres in 10 different countries. Many composers made their own arrangements of some of the tunes from the opera. He was given many honours: the Chevalier of the Legion d’honneur, the title of Prussian Hof Kapellmeister (Director of Music at the Royal Court), and was made a member of the Prussian Academy of Arts and a member of the French Institute.

Meyerbeer realized that anything else he wrote would have to be really good. In 1836 he produced another opera "Les Huguenots". This too was extremely popular.

In 1842 he went to Boulogne to improve his health. There he met Wagner who asked him for financial help to stage his operas "Rienzi" and "The Flying Dutchman". Meyerbeer lent him money, but stopped giving him money when he heard that Wagner was secretly criticizing him.

When Spontini died Meyerbeer was made Generalmusikdirektor in Berlin. His opera "Les Huguenots" had at first been forbidden in Germany, but now it was allowed to be performed. As court composer he wrote a grand opera called "Ein Feldschlag in Schlesien" ("A Battle in Silesia"), but it never became internationally famous. The main part in the opera was sung by Jenny Lind.

In 1849 he returned to Paris. He wrote several works together with Scribe, whom Meyerbeer described as the best living librettist, and who was one of his closest friends. His opera "Le prophète" (for which Scribe again wrote the words) earned him a lot of money. The great contralto Pauline Viardot-Garcia sang the main part.

Scribe died in 1861. Meyerbeer worked very hard to try to finish his last opera, "L’Africaine". Napoleon III said he wanted the opera to be ready by the winter of 1862-63, but it was not ready until 1864. The work was being rehearsed for its first performance when Meyerbeer suddenly died, without having had the chance to revise it, the way he revised most of his other pieces.

Meyerbeer’s body was taken to Berlin where it was buried in the Jewish cemetery in a vault that belonged to his family.

Meyerbeer was always more popular in France than in Germany. His operas are about the society of wealthy people. The sounds he made with his orchestra are often deliberately harsh. In this he is like Beethoven in his final years, and Berlioz. Sometimes he used new instruments such as the bass clarinet and the saxophone. He always thought carefully about what his singers were capable of when writing his music. He enjoyed working with different singers, among them Velluti, who was the last of the great operatic castrati. He took great trouble to give his singers rests during the opera so that they would still be in good voice for the climax of the story. He liked scenes with large crowds. He composed his dance music, in particular, very carefully. Often he would throw it away and start again if the dancers were not happy with it.

Besides his operas he also wrote orchestral pieces for special occasions. He also wrote some songs for performance in the salon.

Meyerbeer was one of the richest men in Europe. This is why some people hated him.

Meyerbeer’s operas were very popular in the middle of the 19th century, but by the end of the century they had gone out of fashion. From 1933 to 1945 his music was banned in Germany by the Nazis because he was Jewish. Today there is some interest again, but nothing like the huge popularity he had in his lifetime.


Grand opera

Grand opera is a term which is used to describe an opera with continuous music. It is a kind of opera that was popular in the 19th-century. Grand operas are usually divided into four or five acts. There have large casts (many singers taking part) and large orchestras. There is a lot of scenery. The story is dramatic. It is usually a story about a hero from history. The term "Grand Opera" has often been used to describe the Paris Opéra from the late 1820s to around 1850, and sometimes to describe the Paris Opéra itself. 

In a broader sense "Grand Opera" can be any large-scale opera from European countries. During the 1830s and 1840s Giacomo Meyerbeer was thought to be the greatest composer of Grand Opera.

Lake Lucerne

Lake Lucerne is a lake in central Switzerland. It is the fourth largest lake in the country. The German name is Vierwaldstättersee which means: "Lake of the Four Forested Cantons".

It is possible to travel all the way round the side of the lake by road. There are several tunnels on the way. It is very popular with tourists. There are many hotels by the lake.



Die Feen

Die Feen ("The Fairies") is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner. The German libretto was written by the composer. He was adapting a story by Carlo Gozzi called "La donna serpente".

"Die Feen" was the first opera that Wagner finished. However, it was never performed during his lifetime. It has never become popular, although the overture is sometimes played. The music shows the influence of Carl Maria von Weber and other composers of the time. It also shows some musical ideas that Wagner was to develop later in his life in his famous operas. The fairy tale atmosphere in the story is also an idea that he uses in his later operas which deal with fantasy stories. The idea of being saved (redemption) is also an important idea that he used in later operas.

Rienzi

Rienzi is an opera by Richard Wagner. Its full title is Rienzi, der Letzte der Tribunen ("Rienzi, the Last of the Tribunes"). It is one of the earliest operas Wagner wrote. There are five acts. Wagner wrote the libretto himself, using the story from a novel by Edward Bulwer-Lytton. It was composed between 1838 and 1840 It was first performed at the Hofoper, Dresden on 20 October 1842. It was the first time Wagner had a success as an opera composer.
The story of the opera is set in Rome and is based on the life of Cola di Rienzi (1313–1354), a medieval Italian populist figure who manages to trick the nobles and their followers. He helps the people to get power. At first he is very popular, but then he has to use force against the nobles, and the Church turns against him. In the end the ordinary people burn the Capitol where Rienzi and his friends are sheltering.

Chess tournament

A chess tournament is a competition between chess players. It can take one of these forms:

Since the first international chess tournament in London, 1851, chess tournaments have become the standard form of chess competition among serious players. Currently, FIDE holds candidates tournaments every two years to determine challenger to the world champion.

In 1851, Adolf Anderssen became first unofficial champion. In 1858, Paul Morphy beat him and became second unofficial champion. In 1871, Johannez Zukertort defeated Adolf Anderssen to become third unofficial chess champion. There are three unofficial world chess champions: Adolf Anderssen, Paul Morphy and Johannes Zukertort, stemming from first strong international tournament in London in 1851, won by Anderssen.

The Flying Dutchman

Der fliegende Holländer ("The Flying Dutchman") is an opera by Richard Wagner. Wagner wrote the libretto himself. The story comes from the legend of the "Flying Dutchman", which is about the captain of a ship. It is his fate that he has keep sailing the sea, without ever going on to land, until Judgment Day.
The most important idea in the story as told by Wagner is redemption through love. It was a favourite idea of Wagner, who used it a lot in his later operas.

Wagner conducted the first performance at the Semper Oper in Dresden, in 1843. It is an early opera of Wagner, but it shows his mature style. It is very different from the previous opera "Rienzi" which is still quite similar to operas that other composers were writing. In "Der fliegende Holländer" the drama is very important. Wagner uses a number of leitmotifs: musical ideas associated with particular characters and themes in the story. The leitmotifs are all introduced in the overture. We hear the famous leitmotif of the ocean and then those of the Dutchman and of Senta, the girl he falls in love with.

Wagner originally wrote "Der fliegende Holländer" to be performed without any breaks (intermission). Sometimes it is performed like that today, but Wagner also made a version with three acts.

Tannhäuser

Tannhäuser und der Sängerkrieg auf Wartburg (En: "Tannhäuser and the Singers' Contest at Wartburg") is a three-act opera with words and music by Richard Wagner. It was Wagner's fifth opera. He worked on it between 1842 and 1845. It was first performed at the Dresden Royal Opera on 19 October 1845 with Wagner conducting. The opera was a success. It became hugely popular in Germany.

In 1859, "Tannhäuser" was the first Wagner opera to be performed in the United States of America. By 1861, the opera had been performed many times in Germany when Wagner was asked to revise the work for the Paris Opéra. Despite his best efforts, Wagner failed. He was not popular. Anti-Wagner riots broke out. He withdrew the work. It was not staged again in France until 1895. Meanwhile, the opera opened the second season of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in November 1884.

Wagner was in Paris completing "The Flying Dutchman" when he began thinking about writing another opera. A friend suggested Tannhäuser as a subject. Wagner did not like the tale. Back in Germany however, he gathered materials by Tieck, Heine, and others about Tannhäuser. Vacationing in Bohemia, he had a change of heart. He began preparing an outline for "Tannhäuser". Returning home to Dresden, he immersed himself in the tale. He completed the opera in October 1845. He conducted the first performance that month at the Royal Opera House.

His Venus said, "You are a genius, but you write such eccentric stuff that it is impossible to sing." His Tannhäuser was completely baffled. The audience was puzzled. The reception was lukewarm. Wagner began revisions at once. The second performance played to a near empty house. In 1859, Wagner offered "Tannhäuser" to the Paris Opéra. They wanted it sung in French. They also wanted a ballet in the second act. This so the Jockey Club had time to finish dinner and arrive at the Opéra just in time to ogle the dancers. Wagner refused to move the ballet from the first act to the second act. There were complaints. Jockey Club members interrupted the performance whenever possible. It was a disaster.

The opera disappeared from the French stage for 34 years. A few years after the Jockey Club incident, Wagner began revising the Paris version. He produced a sophisticated sound version that was superior to the first draft. Though there are several set pieces in the opera, the opera is closer to Wagner's vision of complete independence from such set pieces. "Tannhäuser" is on the threshold of the leitmotif, and the diminishing of the sound power of the orchestra in favor of the sung word.

Wagner's sources for the opera are spread over 600 year time span. In 1391, and again at the beginning of the 15th century, tales were in circulation about a paradise within a German mountain and a traveler who idles with a Sybil before heading to Rome for the Pope's forgiveness. The "Song of Tannhäuser" of 1515 combines moralizing with the adventures of an historical Minnesinger named Danhuser, Tanhuser, or Tannenhauser. This Minnesinger's songs told of erotic love and its opposite, holy love.

Wagner was an insatiable reader, always on the alert for material that could be adapted to an opera. For "Tannhäuser", he combined elements not only from traditional tales but material from C. J. L. Lukas's "Essay" (1838) on the character of Tannhäuser and Ludwig Tieck's "Faithful Eckart" (1799). Ludwig Bechstein's "Thuringian Legends" (1835) included the story of the song contest. Wagner was familiar with the song contest through E. T. A. Hoffmann's "Serapion Brothers", Friedrich de la Motte-Fouque's drama "The Singers Dispute in the Wartburg" (1828), and Wagensil's "Nuremberg Chronicle"."


The story is about the struggle between sacred love and profane love, and redemption (salvation) through love. The story is based on the historical character of Tannhäuser, about whom very little is known except the myths about him. It is also about the myth of Venus, but it also deals with the medieval Minnesinger (minstrel). Half of the opera takes place in a historical setting, and half takes place in the mythological Venusberg.

The critics took Wagner to task for his historical inaccuracies. First, the real Tannhauser was only a boy at the supposed time of the song contest. Secondly, they regarded Wagner's Elisabeth with scorn: Wagner had made the character an amalgamation of several historical women.

Cuts to the original were made almost immediately because the singers were not capable of understanding and thus acting their roles. The Prelude to Act 3 was cut from 155 bars to 92. In the original final scene, neither Elisabeth or Venus appeared on stage. The audience was puzzled.

The original final scene was retained until the 13th performance in 1847. Wagner then recast the final pages to make Venus visible on stage. The Venusberg did not appear however. This new ending disturbed the audience because they were used to the older version. Wagner had also cut the pilgrim's chorus, further antagonizing the audience. Another version was made restoring the chorus.

The first performance outside Dresden occurred at Weimar. This production showed that small theaters could also stage the opera. Other productions took place in Schwerin, Breslau, Prague, Wiesbaden, and other small houses. The opera played in New York in 1859. It played in London (in Italian) in 1876. In Vienna, Johann Strauss performed excerpts in 1853. The first Austrian staging occurred at Graz in 1854. Vienna mounted the opera in 1857. The opera was performed at the Vienna court opera in 1875. In 1860, the Paris Opera wanted the work in a revised version in French. Wagner made extensive revisions for Paris.



New York State Route 199

New York State Route 199 (NY 199) is a road in the Hudson Valley of New York, United States. It is long, and goes from near Kingston to Millerton. In between, NY 199 crosses over the Hudson River over a bridge and passes through the communities of Red Hook and Pine Plains. Part of the road was part of the Ulster and Delaware Turnpike. NY 199 was named in 1930.


New York State Route 9G

New York State Route 9G (NY 9G) is a road in Dutchess County, New York, United States. It starts at US 9 in Poughkeepsie and follows the Hudson River as it goes north. It crosses Route 9 just north of Rhinebeck and ends in Hudson.


Kennedy Center Honors

Every year, the Kennedy Center gives its Kennedy Center Honors to artists. These artists have contributed to American culture. Most of these artists were performers, such as actors, dancers, and musicians. Some of these artists were movie directors, play writers, and songwriters. Most of the recipients have been American. The President of the United States usually attends the awards ceremony. The Honors are given in Washington, D.C. at the Kennedy Center Opera House.

From 1978 until 2002, the ceremony was hosted by Walter Cronkite. Since 2003, it has been hosted by Caroline Kennedy.








The Vicar of Wakefield

The Vicar of Wakefield is a novel by Oliver Goldsmith. It was written in 1761 and 1762. It was published in 1766. The book was very popular. The novel tells of the Primrose family.


Nigel Clough

Nigel Howard Clough (born 19 March 1966) is an English professional football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Mansfield Town.

Clough is most famous for his time at Nottingham Forest, where he scored 131 goals in over 400 games. He is the second highest scoring player in the history of the team.

Nottingham Forest

Burton Albion

Individual

Cypripedioideae

Lady's slipper orchids are the orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioideae. They are special because of their slipper-shaped pouches on their flowers. The pouch traps insects so that they must climb up past the modified stamens, where they get or give pollen, fertilizing the flower.

Some people think this subfamily should be different from the Orchidaceae as a family Cypripediaceae.

A lady slipper orchid has a deep pocket that is actually a bee trap. When a bee crawls down into the flower to get the nectar, the pocket on the flower closes shut. Because of this, the bee is stuck for a while, wiggling and squirming, getting pollen all over itself.
The bee finally finds a small opening near the top of the orchid, and it gets out so that it can get trapped inside another lady slipper, where it will give that pollen to the other lady slipper's stigma.

The lady's slipper is also known in the United States of America as the "moccasin flower", because it looks like a shoe or moccasin.



Pandita Ramabai

Pandita Ramabai (23 April 1858, Karnataka – 5 April 1922) was an Indian Christian who tried to change many things in India. A poet and scholar, she tried hard to improve (make better) the lives of women in India. She wrote many books, such as her popular "The high
-Caste Indian Woman", which showed the troubles of child wives and women in India.

She was born in Gangamoola, in the Mala village, in Karkala Taluk, in the Karnataka State of India. Her father's name was Ananta Shastri. She lost her parents (Laxmi Bai) early. She travelled to Kolkata with her brother. There, she received (got) a Pandita and a Sarasvathi Award for her expertise in Sanskrit Poetry. Born in the home of an important scholar named Brahmin, Pandita Ramabai had more freedom than many Indian women. Her father taught her and her mother to read Sanskrit writing. She then began to study Christianity in India, and later in England. She decided that it was the best religion; that she should be a Christian. However, she had not yet received Jesus into her "heart". Ramabai later said,

Shortly after her "true conversion", Pandita Ramabai began a faith mission for the girls and widows of India. Pandita and her helpers began a school and prayed for what they needed every day. Wheta went to refugee camps and saved widows and girls from death or abuse.

Soon she had over a thousand women and girls at the mission. Helping this many people during a time of great famine was very hard, but Pandita wrote in her autobiography,

Every day, Pandita Ramabai and her helpers taught the women to read and write, showed them cleanliness, and helped them prepare for a job. She also taught them about Jesus. She opened Ashrams at Pune, Mumbai. She established a Christian High school at Gulbarga, (now at Karnataka) and her daughter Manorama was the principal. Manorama studied in the United States and traveled to Australia.

Synthesis

Synthesis means to bring ideas together, or to make something out of parts which were independent. It is the opposite of analysis.




Ruy Lopez

The Ruy Lopez, also called the "Spanish Opening", is an old chess opening. It is named after the Spanish priest Ruy López de Segura. He may have invented the opening. These are the opening moves:


The Ruy Lopez is one of the most common and well-liked openings. There are many ways to play it. It has always been popular in master chess. White's idea is to try and undermine the center by attacking the knight with his bishop. However, White will not be always able to win a pawn immediately:


For this reason White usually plays a longer-term strategy, starting with:

Here, Black has two main options. Black can either play with an open center, with 5... Nxe4 or play a closed, positional game with 5... Be7. These openings are called the Open Ruy Lopez and the Closed Ruy Lopez. 

The closed variation of the Ruy Lopez comes after these moves:


This line leads to a closed . White's idea will be to break open the center with d4. Play typically continues:


These are the main moves for White. However, White can also play 7. h3 or 7. a4. These moves are played in order to avoid the Marshall Variation. 


Triathlon

A triathlon is a sport that consists of three different events one after another without resting in between. Usually, they are swimming, cycling, and running. Triathlon has been in the Olympic Games since 2000. One of the hardest and most famous triathlons is the Ironman Triathlon, which involves swimming two miles, biking a hundred miles, and then running a marathon.

Continuous function

A mathematical function is called continuous if, roughly said, a "small change" in the input only causes a "small change" in the output. If this is not the case, the function is discontinuous. Functions defined on the real numbers, with one input and one output variable, will show as an "uninterrupted line (or curve)". They can be drawn "without lifting the pen off of the page". The definition given above was made by Augustin-Louis Cauchy.

Karl Weierstraß gave another definition of continuity: Imagine a function "f", defined on the real numbers. At the point formula_1 the function will have the value formula_2. If the function is continuous at formula_1, then for every value of formula_4 no matter how small it is, there is a value of formula_5, so that formula_6, means that formula_7. We can put this another way, given a point close to formula_1 (called x), the "absolute value" of the difference between the two values of the function can be made increasingly small, if the point x is "close enough" to formula_1.

There are also special forms of continuous, such as "Lipschitz-continuous". A function is Lipschitz-continuous if there is a formula_10 with formula_11 for all x,y ∈ (a,b).
A basic way to know if a function is continuous is to use a pencil or your finger. Then, start at the left of the function. Then, move your finger along the path of the function. If you ever need to lift your finger or pencil to keep following the function, then you know it is not continuous. This is because, by lifting your finger, you have "jumped" from one section of the function to another. That means you made a very small movement but the function changed very much. This is what the first sentence of this article is talking about.


Peter Falk

Peter Michael Falk (September 16, 1927 - June 23, 2011) was an American actor. His best known role was Columbo in the TV series of the same name.

Falk was born in Manhattan on September 16, 1927. He was Jewish. He grew up in Ossining, New York. He earned a degree in political science from the New School for Social Research. He then earned his Master's degree in public administration at Syracuse University.

He appeared in a number of Broadway plays including: "The Prisoner of Second Avenue", "The Passion of Josef D", "Diary of a Scoundrel", and "Saint Joan". Falk won four Emmy Awards playing the police detective Columbo, and one for "The Dick Powell Theatre". He was nominated for seven other Emmy awards. Falk also received two Academy Award nominations for the films "Murder Inc." and "Pocketful of Miracles".

Falk was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died in his Beverly Hills, California home on the morning of June 23, 2011.


Claude Choules

Claude Choules (3 March 1901 – 5 May 2011) was a British-Australian World War I veteran who served in the Royal Navy.

Born in Wyre Piddle, son of Harry & Madeline (née Winn), near Pershore, Worcestershire, Choules joined the Royal Navy as a young man in 1916, and served aboard the Naval Training Ship HMS Circe at Plymouth. In 1917, he joined the battleship HMS "Revenge", which was the flagship of the First Battle Squadron. While serving aboard her, Choules witnessed the surrender of the German Imperial Navy at the Firth of Forth in 1918, ten days after the Armistice, and was also to witness the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow.
During World War II, Choules was the Acting Torpedo Officer of Fremantle and also the Chief Demolition Officer on the western side of the Australian continent. He was tasked with sabotaging Fremantle harbors and related oil storage tanks in the event of a Japanese invasion.

He died on 5 May 2011 in Perth, Western Australia at 110 years old.


Florence Green

Florence Green (19 February 1901 – 4 February 2012) was a British supercentenarian. She was the last surviving veteran of World War I.

Green was born in London and moved to King's Lynn in 1920 after her marriage to Walter, a railway worker who died in 1970.

She joined up in September 1918, two months before the end of the war. She served as a waitress in the officers' mess at RAF Marham and also at Narborough airfield. She was the last living British veteran following the death of Claude Choules.

She was West Norfolk's oldest resident, the second oldest person in Norfolk and one of the 30 oldest people in Britain.

She had a son and two daughters, as well as four grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.

Florence Green died in her sleep two weeks before her 111th birthday in a care home in King's Lynn, Norfolk.


John Babcock

John Henry Foster "Jack" Babcock (July 23, 1900 – February 18, 2010) was the last living Canadian veteran who fought in the First World War. He became an American citizen in 1946.

Born on July 23, 1900, Mr. John "Jack" Babcock grew up on a farm near Kingston, Ontario as part of a family of 13 children. When he was quite young, his father died in a tree-cutting accident. Despite this devastating loss, Mr. Babcock went on to bravely serve his country in the First World War before moving to the United States where he settled in Spokane, Washington.

He was 15 years old when he joined the 146th Battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force in Sydenham (near Kingston), Ontario. A few months later, he arrived in England. He was transferred to reserve battalions and ended up with the Boys Battalion in 1917, waiting until he turned 18 to go to the front lines. The war ended first. Mr. Babcock would later move to the United States, where he served in the United States Army from 1921 to 1924. Mr. Babcock married Dorothy after losing his first wife, Elsie, in the late 1970s.

Mr. Babcock read voraciously and, in recent years, completed his high school degree via correspondence courses. He had also taken local college courses. He could recite the alphabet backwards without hesitation and spell out his name in Morse code. He enjoyed travelling with his wife and taking daily walks to keep in good shape. He took up flying lessons and became a pilot when he was 65!

In April 2008, the Minister of Veterans Affairs awarded Mr. Babcock a Minister of Veterans Affairs Commendation. Later that year, a small ceremony was held in May at Mr. Babcock's home, where his Canadian citizenship was reinstated. Another accolade came in September 2008 when the Royal Canadian Regiment Association honored Mr. Babcock with the honorary title of regimental patriarch. This was the first time the title of regimental patriarch was given in Canada.

Frank Buckles

Frank Woodruff Buckles (born Wood Buckles'; 1 February 1901 – 27 February 2011) was the last living American veteran who fought in World War I.

Buckles was born in Bethany, Missouri. He enlisted in the U.S. Army at the beginning of America's involvement in World War I in April 1917. Only 16 years old at the time, Buckles was asked by his recruiter to show a birth certificate. Later Buckles said of that event, "“I was just 16 and didn’t look a day older. I confess to you that I lied to more than one recruiter. I gave them my solemn word that I was 18, but I’d left my birth certificate back home in the family Bible. They’d take one look at me and laugh and tell me to go home before my mother noticed I was gone. Somehow I got the idea that telling an even bigger whopper was the way to go. So I told the next recruiter that I was 21 and darned if he didn’t sign me up on the spot! I enlisted in the Army on the 14th of August 1917."" 

Before being accepted into the United States Army, he was turned down by the Marine Corps due to his slight weight.

In 1917, Buckles was sent to Europe on the RMS Carpathia, which had rescued RMS Titanic survivors five years earlier. During the war Buckles served in England and France, driving ambulances and motorcycles for the Army's 1st Fort Riley Casualty Detachment. 

After the Armistice in 1918, Buckles escorted prisoners of war back to Germany. Following his discharge in 1919, he attended the dedication of the Liberty Memorial in Kansas City, Missouri, in honor of those Americans who died in World War I. While there, he met General John "Black Jack" Pershing, commander of all U.S. forces in France during the war. 

In the 1940s Buckles worked for a shipping company in Manila, Philippines. He was captured by the Japanese in 1942 and spent the next three and a half years in the Los Baños prison camp. 

He became malnourished, with a weight below 100 lb, and developed beriberi, yet led his fellow inmates in calisthenics. He was rescued on February 23, 1945.

He died on 27 February 2011 at 110 years old.

Józef Kowalski

Józef Kowalski (2 February 1900? – 7 December 2013) was the last Polish veteran who served just after World War I, and believed to be the oldest living military veteran in the world, following the death of Gertrude Noone.

He fought in the Polish-Soviet War which was linked to World War I and lasted from 1919 to 1921.

He lived in Tursk, near Sulęcin, in a care home. He died on 7 December 2013, just 8 weeks and one day before his claimed 114th birthday, and claimed to be the oldest living man for around a half-year after 116-year-old Japaneseman Jiroemon Kimura's death in early-summer of 2013 (although the GRG and the Guinness World Records never verified him as the oldest living man).

Stanley Lucas

Stanley Lucas (15 January 1900 - 21 June 2010) was a British supercentenarian. He was the oldest living man in Europe at the time of his death. He was also the third-oldest man in the world. Lucas was born at Morwenstow UK and had two brothers and two sisters. In 1908 his family moved to Marhamchurch where Lucas lived until 1948. Lucas married Ivy Nancekivell in 1926 and took over the family farm. Lucas was a breeder of Devon cattle and Devon longwool sheep and started a dairy farm in the early 1940s. In 1948 he moved to live with his family at Poughill, where he continued to live after Ivy's death in 1963. Lucas was a member of Bude Town Council from 1959 to 1970, as well as vice chairman. His daughter said, "He has worked hard in his working life and was a teetotaller and non-smoker and since he has been elderly has been well cared for". He died on 21 June 2010 in Bude, England at the age of 110.

Michelle Keegan

Michelle Elizabeth Keegan (born 3 June 1987) is a British actress. She was born in Stockport, Greater Manchester. She is best known for playing Tina McIntyre in the long-running ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street" from 2008 to 2014.

David Jason

Sir David John White OBE (born 2 February 1940), known professionally as by his stage name David Jason, is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter and television producer. He is best known for his roles as Del Boy in the BBC and GOLD comedy series sitcom "Only Fools and Horses" and Detective Insepctor Jack Frost in "A Touch Of Frost", Granville in "Open All Hours" and "Still Open All Hours", and Pop Larkin in "The Darling Buds of May", as well as voicing Mr. Toad in "The Wind in the Williows" and the title character of "DangerMouse" and "Count Duckula"; His last original was Del Boy was in 2014 and Frost in 2010.

Jason was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1993, and knighted in 2005, both for services to drama. He won the British Comedy Awards Lifetime Achievement Award in 2001, and the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award in 2003.

Jason lived with his long term girlfriend, actress Myfanwy Talog, for eighteen years until her death from breast cancer in 1995. At age 61, Jason and 41-year-old girlfriend Gill Hinchcliffe had a baby girl in 2001. They married in 2005.

David Jason has a total of twenty-three awards between 1986 and 2003. His hit comedy show, "Only Fools and Horses" won many of these awards, and was also nominated many times. His crime drama, A Touch of Frost, has also won and been nominated many times. "Porterhouse Blue", "The Second Quest", "All the King's Men" and "A Bit of a Do" have won David Jason one award each.

Karl Malden

Karl Malden (22 March 1912 – 1 July 2009) was an American actor. He worked in acting from the 1930s to 2000. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "A Streetcar Named Desire". He was also in other classic movies, such as "On the Waterfront", "One-Eyed Jacks" and "Patton". He is perhaps best known for his role on television in the series "The Streets of San Francisco" during the 1970s.

He was born Mladen Sekulovich in Chicago. He grew up in Gary, Indiana. His family was Serbian. In 1938, he married Broadway actress Mona Greenberg. The two would remain married until Malden's death in 2009. Greenberg died in July 2019.

At one time he served as president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Among other awards he won during his lifetime was an Emmy Award for his role in "Fatal Vision". He was also given a Life Achievement Award by the Screen Actors' Guild in 2003.

Malden died in Los Angeles at the age of 97.


John Campbell Ross

John Campbell Ross (11 March 1899 - 3 June 2009) was the last living Australian World War I veteran.

Born in Newtown, Victoria, a suburb of Geelong, Ross served as a wireless operator in the First Australian Imperial Force, enlisting in January 1918, but never left Australia or saw active service. He later went on to serve in the Second World War as a corporal with the 20th Battalion, Volunteer Defence Corps.

His wife, Irene (née Laird), had been deceased by several decades before Jack Ross's death. He is survived by a son, Robert, a daughter, Peggy Ashburn, four grandchildren- Janette, Heather, Kay, and John - and nine great-grand children.

On 11 November 1998, Jack Ross had been awarded the 80th Anniversary Armistice Medal to mark the end of World War I. Jack also had been awarded the Centenary Medal for doing his share to the Australian society in the 100 years since the federation.

The death of William Evan Allan in October 2005 left Ross as the last Australian digger from World War I. However Claude Choules, a World War I veteran who served for Britain, lived in Western Australia. Ross became Australia's oldest man at the age of 108, on 12 June 2007, upon the death of Frank Scarrabelotti. Following the death of 112 year old E. Beatrice Riley, he was verified as the oldest person in Australia.

Ross celebrated his 110th birthday with chocolates and cake and a commemorative letter from the Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd.

As a civilian, Ross worked for Victorian Railways until he retired in 1964. Ross died peacefully in his sleep at approximately 4 am. at the Golden Oaks Nursing Home in Bendigo on 3 June 2009, aged 110.

List of last surviving World War I veterans

This a list of known veterans of World War I who died in 2009 (5 veterans), 2010 (1 veteran), 2011 (2 veterans) and 2012 (1 veteran). Florence Green, who died on 4 February 2012, was the last surviving veteran of any nation.

These people served in the armed forces during World War I.

Listed here are the veterans who were not verified as a World War I veteran.
Listed here are those that joined the armed services after the Armistice date, but before the Treaty of Versailles was signed, or where there is debate on their join-date, or whose military service is sometimes viewed as outside the scope of "WWI", but are considered World War I-era veterans by the press or by their respective governments, or served in a related conflict.

Bill Stone

William Frederick Stone (23 September 1900 – 10 January 2009) was a British veteran of World War I who served in the Royal Navy. He died on 10 January 2009.

Norman Wisdom

Sir Norman Joseph Wisdom (4 February 1915 – 4 October 2010) was an English comedian, singer, songwriter, actor and musician.



Lazare Ponticelli

Lazare Ponticelli (7 December 1897 - 12 March 2008) was a French World War I veteran.

In August 1914, after the start of World War I, Ponticelli joined the 1st Régiment de Marche of the French Foreign Legion at 16 years old. He had to lie about his age as he was still to young to join the army. His older brother, Céleste Ponticelli, had also joined the regiment.Ponticelli said that France had done much for him, and being in the army was his way of showing his thanks. He fought at Soissons in Picardy, northeast France and at Douaumont, near Verdun. Ponticelli worked digging burial pits and trenches. 

Ponticelli was not a French citizen and in May 1915, when Italy entered the war, he was forced into the Italian Army by conscription. Even though he tried to stay with his French regiment, he had to become part of the 3rd Alpini Regiment. Ponticelli fought against the Austro-Hungarian Army at Mount Piccolo on the Austria–Italy border. At his new job as a machine gunner, Ponticelli was wounded by a shell during an assault on an Austrian mountain. He was sent back to his job after rest in Naples.

Once, his regiment stopped fighting the Austrians for three weeks. The armies, who mostly spoke the same language, traded loaves of bread for tobacco and took pictures of each other. His commanders found out about this, and moved the regiment to another area.

Fire ant

Fire ants are stinging ants. They are also called "ginger ants" and "tropical fire ants". They evolved in South America, but have become a major pest in North America. They are known for a painful sting. This sting uses a base, not an acid.

In 1918, fire ants were accidentally moved into the United States of America by a ship from South America. They were moved in large amounts of dirt. The ships brought heavy things like machines from the US to South America. They brought back light things like crops. The dirt was ballast make the ships more stable. The dirt sometimes had fire ants in it.

In the United States, fire ants have no natural predators or competitors. They became an invasive species. Native animals are not adapted to these ants. Fire ants are very aggressive. Their colonies can have many queens unlike many other ant species. Because of this, fire ants have spread very fast. By 1965, fire ant mounds spread on the south eastern coast and as far west as Texas. Today they are found in at least 10 southern states. There is a separate group of fire ants living in California.

Fire ants have done a lot of harm as they have spread across the United States. Because they are attracted to electrical currents, they chew through wires. This makes short circuits. Fire ants have also disturbed the natural balance of native ecosystems. In some places, they have killed off 70% of the native ant species and 40% of other native insect species.

Each year, about 25,000 people go for medical help because of painful bites from fire ants. Fire ants attack in groups when disturbed. People often get many bites. Fire ant bites are usually not dangerous but some people are allergic to fire ants. They may go into shock. This is called anaphylaxis. This can kill them.

The fire ants are growing in the US 80 years after they came there. About 157 chemicals, like ammonia, gasoline, parts of manure, and insect-killing pesticides, are used against fire ants. However, none of them were very helpful. By 1995, the government had allowed only one fire-ant bait for people to use a lot.


Fulgurite

Fulgurites are a rare type of natural glass made when lightning hits silica-rich minerals that are commonly in sand, soil, and some rocks. "Tubular fulgurites" are found in places with a lot of silica, like beaches or deserts. Lightning makes a tubular fulgurite when a bolt goes through the sand and melts silica into a liquid. The liquid silica cools and hardens quickly, leaving behind a thin glassy tube, usually with a rough outer surface and a smooth inner surface. Underground, a fulgurite may be shaped like the roots of a tree, branching out with many arms that trace the zigzagging path of the lightning bolt. They are quite delicate, with walls no thicker than 1-2 mm. Some of the largest fulgurites are removed from the ground in many pieces and then glued back into their original shape.

St. Patrick's Cathedral (New York)

s
Saint Patrick's Cathedral is a decorated Neo-Gothic-style Catholic cathedral church in the United States. It is the seat of the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, and a parish church, located on the east side of Fifth Avenue between 50th and 51st Streets in midtown Manhattan, New York City, New York. It faces Rockefeller Center.

The iconic landmark opened its doors in 1879 and underwent its initial restoration in 1949. But by the 2000s, it was in dire need of more renovation of its deteriorating infrastructure. On March 17, 2012 it was announced that it would undergo restorations to its infrastructure. These renovations and restorations would be completed in time for Pope Francis' September 2015 visit. It included among other things, a full renovation of the rectory and minor renovations to the Cardinal’s residence. The iconic facility serves as the center of the clergy’s religious life and this includes a library, meeting spaces, public outreach areas, a commercial kitchen and residences for the priests. This project included the full renovation of the living quarters, which included replacement of the windows, roof, elevator, fire protection systems, life safety systems, HVAC systems and all infrastructure, as well as the restoration of the historic interior finishes.

Sindhi cuisine

Sindhi food refers to the food of the Sindhi people who live in Pakistan and India. The daily food in most Sindhi households consists of wheat-based flat-bread (Mani/Roti/Phulka) and rice accompanied by two dishes, one gravy and one dry.




There are food that are served during special occasions, such as during Diwali a Baji with seven vegetables is made. If someone gets chicken pox and after it is gone, it is common to make an offering and make 'mitho lolo'.

Saeyun: vermicelli is served on both Eids. On special religious occasions, mitho lolo, accompanied with milk is given to the poor.

Khorak: a healthy snack made for bride and bridegroom before marriage, it is made of dry fruits and desi ghee, it is given to bride and bridegroom for seven days.

The Musical Offering

The Musical Offering (German title Musikalisches Opfer or Das Musikalische Opfer), BWV 1079, is a collection of several pieces of music by Johann Sebastian Bach. It consists of canons, fugues, ricercars and a trio sonata. All the music is based on a tune made up by King Frederick II of Prussia (Frederick the Great). Bach dedicated the work to him.

The idea for this music started at a meeting between Bach and Frederick II on 7 May 1747. One of Bach’s sons, Carl Philipp Emanuel, was one of the king’s court musicians. The king wanted to show Johann Sebastian Bach a new instrument that had recently been invented. This was the piano. The king invited Bach to his palace at Potsdam.

During the visit the king gave Bach a theme and asked him to write a 3 part fugue based on it. Bach was good at improvisation so he made up a 3 part fugue. The king wondered whether he could make up a 6 part fugue. That would be very difficult, and people thought he was joking, but Bach said he would think about it.

Two months later, after he had gone home to Leipzig, Bach made up a six-voice fugue based on the king’s theme. He put it together with other compositions based on the theme and sent them to the king. This music became known as the “Musical Offering”. We do not know what the king thought of it.

At the top of the music Bach wrote some Latin words: "Regis Iussu Cantio Et Reliqua Canonica Arte Resoluta" (this means: “the theme given by the king, with additions, resolved in the canonic style”). The first letters of these words spell out the word "ricercar", which was a form of music well-known at the time.

"The Musical Offering" consists of a collection of ricercars, canons, fugues and a trio sonata. The trio sonata was written for flute, violin and basso continuo, but most of the other music does not show what instruments should play it. They are often played on keyboard instruments, or as chamber music by small groups of instruments. Bach did not show what order he wanted the pieces to be played in.

Bach also put riddles at the top of some of the pieces. Some of these riddles have been explained, but some have more than one solution. One of these "riddle canons", "in augmentationem" (i.e. augmentation) has notes which get longer and longer. Bach wrote: "Notulis crescentibus crescat Fortuna Regis" (“may the fortunes of the king increase like the length of the notes”). Another one is a modulating canon which ends a tone higher than it starts. Bach wrote over the music: "Ascendenteque Modulationis ascendat Gloria Regis" (“as the modulation rises, so may the King's glory”).

Several composers have made arrangements of some of the music from the “Musical Offering”. In 1935, Anton Webern arranged Bach’s six-part ricercar for orchestra. In 1980 Sofia Gubaidulina used the Royal Theme of the "Musical Offering" in her violin concerto. She turns the notes into a Russian Orthodox hymn.

Dedication

Dedication can mean: the act of consecrating (making holy) a religious building such as a temple or church.

Dedication can also mean the writing at the beginning of a book or piece of music in which the author or composer says that it was written for a particular person. For example: a composer may write a piece of music for a particular musician and dedicate it to them. An author may dedicate a book to someone they love or respect. A book or a piece of music may be dedicated to the person who has paid them to write it. This may be a rich person such as king.


Boomslang

The boomslang ("Dispholidus typus") is a large venomous snake found in sub-Saharan Africa. Its name means "tree snake" in Dutch and Afrikaans. It is a colubrid, the largest family of snakes, found on every continent except Antarctica.

Boomslangs eat small animals like chameleons, frogs, and birds, and they also eat eggs. Like all snakes, boomslangs do not chew they swallow everything whole.

The venom of boomslangs can disrupt the clotting of blood, and this can kill a person. Even a small scratch can be fatal. After a bite, one can sometimes feel a headache, nausea, sleepiness, and get a mental disorder. This does not happen often, as boomslangs only bite humans when they feel attacked.

Its eyes are large in proportion to its head; they have binocular vision that helps them spot their prey. Its scientific name is "Dispholidus typus". A boomslang is a slender snake with large eyes on a large blunt head. The snake can grow to up to 2 metres long, but is on average about 1 to 1.6 m in length.

Fire engine

A fire engine is a vehicle that is used to help put out fires. It is also called a fire truck or fire apparatus. Fire engines are also used for other emergency calls. These can include hazardous materials spills, technical rescue incidents and emergency medical service incidents. What types of calls it is used depends on the area and local setup. 

A fire engine takes firefighters from a fire station to a fire or other incident. Fire engines use flashing lights, loud sirens and horns to warn people that they are coming down the road and to get out of the way. These devices have been used for years to warn people when they are coming down the road. Fire engines also use communication equipment to contact their dispatcher or other emergency services vehicles.

A fire engine has many tools and equipment for fighting fires. Almost all engines have hoses, a pump, a water tank and breathing equipment. Some engines also have special tools and equipment. These might include electrical generators, specialized rescue tools such as the jaws of life, equipment for hazardous materials spills and first aid kits or medical equipment.

In the middle ages, the only way to fight a fire was with buckets of water. In the 16th century, hand-powered pumps were invented. In the 19th century, the design of these pumps was improved. With them, horses could be used to take them to the location of a fire. Later, steam power was used to both run the pumps and move them to the fires. The first modern fire engine was invented in 1905 by Knox Automobile in Springfield, Massachusetts.

There are several types of specialized fire service vehicles. They include:

Ice cream sandwich

An ice cream sandwich is a type of frozen desert that is made by putting ice cream in between two cookies or pieces of cake (called "sandwiching"). It is often made with vanilla ice cream between two pieces of chocolate cake, but sometimes is made with other flavours instead.

Mycenaean culture

The Mycenaean culture (around 1600–1100 ) was an early Greek culture during the Bronze Age on the Greek mainland and on Crete. 
The name Achaean was used by Homer to describe them and occurs in the "Iliad". The term that is used is derived from Mycenae, which is an important archaeological site about 90 km from Athens. Other important Mycenaean sites are at Athens, Thebes, Tiryns and Pylos. The epic poems of Homer, the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey", are Mycenaean in origin.

The earlier Minoans traded but did not conquer. The Mycenaeans traded and conquered.

Mycenaean is the oldest known form of Greek. It was spoken on the Greek mainland and on Crete in the Mycenaean period, from the 16th to the 12th centuries BC. The language is written on clay tablets in a script called Linear B. Most of the tablets were found in Knossos, in central Crete, and in Pylos in the southwest of the Peloponnese. Other tablets have been found at Mycenae itself; Tiryns and Thebes; and at Chania, in western Crete. 
For a long time, no one could translate the tablets. At last, Michael Ventris deciphered the script in 1952. He showed that the language was an early form of Greek.

The texts on the tablets are mostly lists and inventories. There are no stories, myths or poetry, but they give some idea of the people who made them.

By the late 13th century BCm mainland Greece witnessed a wave of destruction. The Mycenaean sites declined, and the people moved to refuge settlements. That is called the Greek Dark Ages since little or no writing is found until the 8th century BC. See Ancient Greece for that and later periods.

Old Hittite and Mycenaean Greek are both Indo-European languages. The oldest Hittite texts are slightly earlier than the earliest Mycenaean texts, but Greek is the oldest Indo-European language that is still spoken.

The somewhat younger Linear B tablets suggest that the people called Mycenaeans might have been Achaeans. No written source found at a Mycenaean site reveals what they called themselves. In the "Iliad", the residents of the Peloponnesus and nearby islands are often called Achaeans. There is mention of the Ahhiyawa in Hittite sources from the Late Bronze Age, which suggests itself that the Mycenaeans could possibly be Achaeans. The Tawagalawa Letter, written by an unnamed Hittite king (14th–13th century BC) to the king of Ahhiyawa, treats him as an equal. The letter suggests that Miletus (Millawanda) was under his control and refers to an earlier 'Wilusa' episode" involving hostility by Ahhiyawa.

Ahhiya(wa) has been identified with the Achaeans of the Trojan War and the city of Wilusa with the legendary city of Troy. However the exact relationship of the term Ahhiyawa to the Achaeans is hotly debated by scholars, even after the discovery that Mycenaean Linear B is an early form of Greek. The written forms of the two languages are quite different.

Manna

Manna, sometimes spelled mana, is the name of a food which, according to the Pentateuch of the Bible, the Israelites ate while they were traveling 40 years in the desert after leaving Egypt, which God provided because they had nothing to eat. Every morning they would gather the white flakes that covered the ground. It is said to have a sweet taste. When they got tired of manna, God gave them quail (bird).

Manna was called the "bread of heaven" because it seemed to come from Heaven, according to the Bible. Some suggest that they were a type of locust; some say that it was the sap of a tree which is known to satisfy hunger. In the Mishna, it is said that it was made during twilight of the sixth day of Creation.

Clara Barton

Clarissa Harlowe "Clara" Barton (December 25, 1821 – April 12, 1912) was an American teacher, nurse, and humanitarian. During the American Civil War, she was a nurse and was in charge of the agency to find missing Union soldiers. She also headed several hospitals in Virginia. She is best remembered for organizing the American Red Cross.

Clara Harlowe Barton was born on December 25, 1821 in Oxford, Massachusetts. She was the youngest child of Sarah Stone and Stephen Barton. In her youth, Barton was timid and sensitive, which made household life difficult for Barton. 

Clara's father was an important member of the town; he served as the town's moderator, ran a decent farm, and were well-known members of the town's church. Clara shared a special bond with her father. Both of them were adventurous and patriotic. Clara's father often told her stories about war, and they pretended to fight each other in fake battles.

Clara's mother was said to be a very beautiful woman. She was married at the age of seventeen, and by the time she was twenty she had already given birth to four children. She was very practical (good with her hands) and taught Clara many chores around the house. Her mother was strict and would not even let Clara have a toy doll. However, Clara's mother taught her many important things. She was a very strong and determined woman, and was full of common sense, traits that were both passed on to Clara.

Clara's four siblings were all older than she was. Her oldest sister, Dorothy, was seventeen years old when Clara was born; her oldest brother, Stephen, was fifteen; her younger brother, David, was thirteen; and her younger sister, Sally, was ten. She learned many skills from her siblings. Her sisters taught her how to read before she was even three years old. Stephen taught her mathematics, and David taught her how to ride a horse.

As a child, Clara liked to pretend she was a nurse. She took care of sick and injured animals. When she was eleven, her brother David fell off the roof of a barnhouse. This incident had a large effect on Clara, who helped nurse her brother. David suffered a severe injury to his head, and he was close to death for two years. For two years Clara took care of her brother, hardly leaving his bedside. She learned many medical practices, including bloodletting, giving medicine, and applying leeches. Though she didn't realize it, Clara had discovered her talent and love of nursing. After David was treated, Clara felt anxious and restless. She began becoming depressed because she had nothing to do. She tried being a weaver at her brother David's mill, but she quit and looked for a new job.

One day, a phrenologist visiting the Barton household told Barton's parents to teach in a school so she could overcome her extreme shyness. Barton was first terrified of this, but she soon taught a class of forty girls and boys in a local school. Barton impressed the children, who were barely younger than she was, and she felt happy at earning their respect. After her school received an award for discipline, Barton received many job offers. She asked for and received the same pay for teaching as male teachers, which was uncommon at the time. Barton taught at the school for ten years.

When she was thirty, Barton enrolled at the Clinton Liberal Institute in New York. After graduating, two schoolmates, Charles and Mary Norton, invited her to live with their family in Hightstown, New Jersey. Barton began teaching in the local school, and then began starting free public schools like the ones in Massachusetts. The school was very successful, and many new teachers were hired and a new building was built. A man was hired to run the school, and he received a salary almost twice as high as Barton's salary. Barton was angry at this treatment, and she left to find a new job in Washington D.C.

Barton spent the next five years of her life in the US capital, her first job being a clerk for the government. Department of the Interior records say that she became a clerk in 1855, which makes her the first female to work for the government. Barton was appointed a position in the US patent office. She even received the same pay as the other workers, receiving $1400 a year. The other workers were very angry about this; they "spat on the floor", "blew smoke in her face", insulted her, and made slanderous remarks about her. Many of these men lost their jobs because of this behavior.

Barton quit working and lived in Glen Echo, Maryland. She wrote a book about herself called "The Story of My Childhood."

She died at the age of 91 years old from Tuberculosis on April 12, 1912.

More:


Phase change

A phase change is a change in the states of matter. For example, a solid may become a liquid. This phase change is called melting. When a solid changes into a gas, it is called sublimation. When a gas changes into a liquid, it is called condensation. When a liquid changes into a solid, it is called solidification. When a gas changes into a solid, it is called deposition . When a liquid changes into gas, it is called evaporation or boiling. Phase changes are usually caused by changes in temperature or pressure.

As the states of matter change from solid to liquid to gas, respectively, their composition changes as well. For example, in a solid, the bonds are stronger than hydrogen bonds. That allows the solid substance to have a definite volume and shape. However, when the heat is added to the solid and it melts to become a liquid, the bonds are considerably weaker, and in water, are simply hydrogen bonds. A liquid has a definite volume but not a definite shape, and it thus takes the shape of the container in which it is. When "more" heat is added, the liquid substance evaporates and becomes a gas, which has no bonds at all. Gas is simply a formless collection of particles that tends to expand in all directions at the same time in order to occupy its full container. If a gas is not confined, the space between the particles will continue to increase. A gas has neither a definite volume nor a definite shape. 

In this pattern, solid to liquid to gas, heat is being added in order to provoke the phase change. In the other "direction," gas to liquid to solid, heat is being released through the phase change. 

It often helps to think of an ice cube when thinking of phase changes. An ice cube is a solid, and when heated up, it becomes liquid water. When heated up some more, it becomes water vapor, which is a gas.

Barn

A barn is a building found on a farm. It is used for holding livestock, such as horses. It can also be used to hold grain or tools. 

Horace Mann

Horace Mann (1796-1859) was an educator and politician who helped set up the first public schools in the United States. He did this in the state of Massachusetts. Mann personally visited every school in the state to inspect it. He later became the first president of Antioch College in Ohio. “Our means of education,” he stated, “are the grand machinery by which the ‘raw material’ of human nature can be worked up into inventors and discoverers, into skilled artisans and scientific farmers.”

National Association for the Advancement of Colored People

The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People or NAACP (pronounced N-double-A-C-P) is a civil rights organization in the United States, created for the advancement of black people by means of following judicial policies.

Kim Kyu-sik

Kim Kyu-sik (, 1881 - 1950) was a Korean politician, ambassador, poet, and academic.

He was the first and second Vice President of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea. He was also minister of education and foreign affairs in the same government.

A nickname & a pen name is Usa (). 

He was a graduate of the American Roanoke College and also Princeton University. 

Kim Kyusik was born in Pusan. He was kidnapped to North Korea in 1950, where he was assassinated in Manpo the same year.


Chang Myun

Chang Myun(, August 28, 1899 – June 4, 1966) was 2nd, 7th Prime Minister of South Korea, 4th Vice President of South Korea. His nickname was Unsuk (, hanja:雲石).

He was a special ambassador to the Vatican 1948. In 1949, United States Ambassador to South Korea, May 1950 2nd Prime Minister of South Korea. 1956 to 1960 4th Vice President of South Korea. Seventh Prime Minister in August 1960. On 16 May 1961, he was kicked out, By Park Chung hee's coup d'état.

Chang Myon was born in Incheon in 1899. He was born to a Catholic family. After graduating high school, he was Studied depart in the United States. After returning, he worked as an educator. Dongseong High School teachers, Principal. Geseong Elementary School Principal.

August 15, 1945 Independence, he moved into politics. October 1948 was sent to UN, to represent of South Korea, after, December 1948 Special Ambassador to the Vatican, Ambassador to the United States. Prime Minister of South Korea November 23, 1950 to April 23, 1952.




Stomach cancer

Stomach cancer, or gastric cancer, is a kind of cancer from any part of the stomach. Stomach cancer causes about 800,000 deaths worldwide per year. The odds of survival are 5 to 15%. The life span of someone with stomach cancer is five to fifteen years. This is because this type of cancer can spread faster than other cancers. 

Most stomach cancer is caused by "Helicobacter pylori" infection. Diet foods are not proven causes, but some foods, such as smoked foods, salted fish and meat, and pickled vegetables are associated with a higher risk.

There are several types of stomach cancer, which can be categorized based on the location in the stomach where the cancer begins. The most common type of stomach cancer is adenocarcinoma, which starts in the cells lining the inside of the stomach. Other types of stomach cancer include:


Bembridge

"Bembridge" is a village on the Isle of Wight. It is the village which is farthest to the east on the island. According to the 2001 census of the United Kingdom it had a population of 3,848. The large population (for a village) means that some people have said that it has the biggest population of any village in the United Kingdom. Many of the most rich people who live on the Isle of Wight live in Bembridge.

The villages of Bembridge and Yaverland were once a separate island, off the coast of the rest of the Isle of Wight. There was a channel of water called Brading Haven, which separated the two islands. Before the time in which Queen Victoria was the queen of the United Kingdom, the village of Bembridge only had a few huts and farm houses. It was only when a church was built in 1827 that the village started to grow.

The most old buildings in the village are found close to the church in the north of the village. In this part of the village there are a number of shops, pubs (places to buy and drink alcohol), and restaurants (places to buy food). There is also the village hall (a place for meetings, sales and events).

In the south of the village there is an area which is called 'Lane End'. It is a more modern part of the village and has its own shops. In this part of the village there is a lifeboat station. There are two schools in Bembridge, one is for children of ages 4–8, and the other is for children of ages 9–13.

United States Secret Service

The United States Secret Service (simply known as Secret Service) is a federal law enforcement agency under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The agency is in charge with handling criminal investigations and protecting political leaders of the United States, their families, and visiting heads of state or government. The agency was under the United States Department of the Treasury until 2003.

President Abraham Lincoln signed the legislation that established the Secret Service just hours before he was assassinated on April 14, 1865.

After the Assassination of President William McKinley in September 1901, U.S. Congress passed a federal law and directed the Secret Service to provide mandatory protection to the president.

The Secret Service is authorized by 18 U.S.C. § 3056(a) to protect:


The Secret Service also provides security for the White House, the Number One Observatory Circle, Treasury Department building and private residences of the president and former presidents.

The Secret Service is tasked with protecting the financial systems of the United States and cyber-based crime such as, counterfeit money, bank and financial fraud, mail fraud, and wire fraud.

The Grand Inquisitor

"The Grand Inquisitor" is a parable told by Ivan to Alyosha in Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel "The Brothers Karamazov" (1879-1880). Ivan and Alyosha are brothers; Ivan questions the possibility of a kind, caring God. If there is a kind God, Ivan argues, why do people suffer, especially children?

"The Grand Inquisitor" is an important part of the novel and one of the most famous parts of it because of its ideas about humans and Gods, and because of its mysteriousness.

Dostoevsky's notebooks show that he had the idea of "The Grand Inquisitor" after he saw it in a play by Friedrich Schiller, "Don Carlos" (1785-1787).


Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act

The Matthew Shepard Act, officially called the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, is an Act of Congress that was passed on October 22, 2009, and signed into law by President Barack Obama on October 28. The act adds crimes that are committed because of the victims gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability to the 1969 federal hate-crime law.

The Act is the first federal law that gives legal protection to people who are transgender.

The bill also:

Pōhutukawa

The pōhutukawa ("Metrosideros excelsa"), also known as the New Zealand Christmas tree, New Zealand Christmas bush, and iron tree, is a tree native to New Zealand. It grows mainly on the coast of the North Island. It is evergreen and has bright red flowers. These flowers appear between November and January, during the Southern hemisphere summer. It is red and green during Christmas.

The Pōhutukawa is endangered, meaning that there are not many left. This is because possums eat the leaves of the trees, killing them. Project Crimson is a group trying to stop this happening.

North Island

The North Island is the smaller of the two main islands of New Zealand. It is separated from the South Island by Cook Strait. The island is in area, making it the world's 14th-largest island. It has a population of 3,287,600 (June 2009). Its Māori name is "Te Ika a Māui".

Twelve cities are in the North Island. The biggest is Auckland, New Zealand's largest city, which is in the northwestern part of the island. Wellington, the capital, is at the southern end of the island. About 76% of New Zealand's population live in the North Island.


South Island

The South Island is the larger of the two main islands of New Zealand. It is separated from the North Island by Cook Strait. The South Island covers and has a temperate climate. It is also known by its Māori name, "Te Wai Pounamu". About 24% of New Zealand's population live in the South Island.


New Zealand English

New Zealand English is the English spoken in New Zealand. The words are mostly the same as in British English, but are pronounced (spoken) differently. 

Some words are only found in New Zealand English. These include "dairy" (corner shop; small grocery shop), "bach" (small holiday house, usually by the beach), and "heaps" (lots of, i.e "I ate heaps of pavlova last Christmas"). 

Cook Strait

Cook Strait () is the body of water between the North and South Islands of New Zealand. It connects the Tasman Sea on the west with the South Pacific Ocean on the east.

The strait is named after James Cook, who was the first European commander to sail through it. Its Māori name is "Te Moana-o-Raukawa". The strait has an average depth of . The strait can be dangerous and unpredictable, because of the tide patterns and the weather. The most common way to get across is by ferry.

Tasman Sea

The Tasman Sea is the sea between Australia and New Zealand. It was named after Dutch explorer Abel Tasman. It is about across, and from north to south. The sea is part of the south Pacific Ocean. Its Māori name is "Te Tai-o-Rēhua", and it is sometimes called "The Ditch" by Australians and New Zealanders.

Bailiff

A bailiff is a governor, a legal officer for the government. There are many different kinds of bailiffs, and they have different jobs. The word comes from the Latin word, "baiulivus".

The word was first used in England for the king's officers, such as sheriffs and mayors. It was also the title for the chief officer of a hundred. The sheriff looked after an area called his bailiwick. Bailiff is kept as a title by the chief magistrates of various towns and the keepers of royal castles, such as the High Bailiff of Westminster, and the Bailiff of Dover Castle. In a medieval manor, a bailiff was in charge of the farming.

Kelly Kelly

Barbara Blank Coba (born Barbara Jean Blank; January 15, 1987) is an American female professional wrestler, model and dancer. She is best known for working with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) for six years using the ring name Kelly Kelly. During her time in WWE she won the WWE Divas Championship and the WWE 24/7 Championship one time each. Kelly used to have a weekly segment known as Kelly's Exposé where she would dance for the WWE Universe.

In 2006, while working as a model, Blank was seen by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) official John Laurinaitis, who was interested in signing her to a contract. As a result, WWE contacted her modeling agency and invited her to their developmental territory, Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW), for a try-out. Despite having no previous wrestling experience she was offered a contract, which she signed in May 2006. Even after being called up to the main roster she continued to fly back and forth to OVW's base city Louisville, Kentucky once a week to work shows; first as a ring announcer and referee, then as a wrestler. One of her first matches took place at the September 6 OVW TV tapings where she participated in a Women's battle royal won by ODB.

Blank debuted for the ECW brand as Kelly Kelly. Originally, she was to be named just 'Kelly', but her ring name was expanded to 'Kelly Kelly' by Vince McMahon. She made her debut on the first episode of the weekly television program on June 13, 2006, becoming the youngest Diva on the WWE roster at the age of 19. Her character, an exhibitionist, was introduced performing a striptease for the crowd. The next week, while performing another striptease, Kelly was interrupted by her on-screen boyfriend, Mike Knox, who came to the stage and covered her with a towel before dragging her backstage. Her stripping became a weekly segment known as "Kelly's Exposé" and usually followed the same routine; Kelly would dance and strip until she was interrupted by Knox who was upset by her exhibitionism and showing off her body to others. Knox began forcing Kelly to accompany him to ringside so he could keep an eye on her, making her his "de facto" valet. As a result, she found herself involved in the feud developing between Mike Knox and partner Test with Tommy Dreamer and his partner The Sandman, including being inadvertently hit with a cane by Sandman when Knox used her as a shield. She made her ECW in-ring debut on the August 22, 2006 episode of "ECW on Sci-Fi" in a losing effort as part of a six-person mixed tag team match which saw herself, Knox, and Test lose to Dreamer, Sandman and Torrie Wilson, in what was the last match of the feud.

Following this feud, Kelly and Knox were moved into a storyline with CM Punk in September, in which Kelly was shown to have developed a liking for Punk and Knox was shown to be increasingly protective and jealous. During the next month, Kelly continuously flirted with Punk and was shown watching his matches from the crowd, until Knox stopped her. Subsequently, Kelly's character dressed as Punk for ECW's Halloween Costume Contest, enraging Knox and leading to a match between the two, during which Kelly cheered for Punk. At December to Dismember, Kelly and Knox took on the team of Ariel and Kevin Thorn in a mixed tag team match, during which Knox refused to tag in before abandoning Kelly, leaving her to be beaten badly by Ariel. On the following episode of "ECW", Kelly defeated Ariel with a roll-up on her first ECW singles match, after which Knox made his way to the ring with flowers only to throw them in Kelly's face and perform his signature swinging reverse STO on her, ending their relationship and giving her a scripted injury—removing her from the program for six weeks.

She returned to television on January 16, 2007 and cut a promo announcing she was newly single and bringing back "Kelly's Exposé". The following week, she joined forces with Layla and Brooke to form Extreme Exposé. The trio performed a weekly dance segment on "ECW" for the next several months, as a successor to Kelly's Exposé segment. In June 2007, The Miz was moved to the brand, prompting a storyline in which all three members of Extreme Exposé were attracted to him. When Kelly shifted her attentions towards Balls Mahoney, Layla, Brooke, and The Miz openly mocked her, and The Miz later prevented her from going on a date with Mahoney, stating that he owned her contract and would fire her if she did so. On November 1, Brooke was released from her WWE contract, and Extreme Exposé dissolved as a group, leaving Kelly and Layla to enter an ongoing rivalry with more active wrestling roles. On the October 29 episode of "Raw", Kelly won a battle royal to earn a match against the WWE Women's Champion, Beth Phoenix. After the match however, Kelly was attacked by Phoenix and lost the subsequent match between the two the following week on "Raw". Kelly continued to feud with Layla, and they were on opposite sides of a 10-Diva tag team match at Survivor Series, which Kelly's team won. In December, Layla formed an alliance with Victoria, which expanded to include Lena Yada in January 2008, and Kelly continued to feud with the trio. At WrestleMania XXIV, Kelly was a 'lumberjill' for the Divas' tag team lumberjill match. The following month, Kelly was part of the losing team in a five-on-five Divas match at the Backlash pay-per-view. Kelly Kelly was released from her WWE contract on September 28, 2012.

Kelly returned to WWE on February 13, 2017, in a backstage interview for WWE's official website during "Raw". She later appeared during WrestleMania 33 weekend, including at the Hall of Fame induction ceremony, and on an episode of the WWE Network exclusive "Table for 3" alongside Maryse and Eve Torres.

On January 22, 2018, Kelly appeared at the "Raw 25 Years" special as one of the historic women of WWE. On January 28 at Royal Rumble, she competed in the first women's royal rumble match, where she entered at number 19, and was eliminated by Nia Jax. In October 2018, she was in a battle royal at WWE's first all-female pay-per-view Evolution. She was eliminated by Mandy Rose.

On July 22, 2019, Kelly returned during "Raw Reunion". She pinned Gerald Brisco backstage to become the first female 24/7 Champion. Kelly then lost the title to Candice Michelle, with Melina as the special guest referee. She returned to the ring on January 26, 2020, at Royal Rumble, entering at number 21 before being eliminated by Charlotte Flair. That year, she also appeared backstage with The Street Profits the following night on "Raw" and on the November 22 edition of "Watch Along".

On the January 7, 2022, episode of "SmackDown", Kelly was announced for the Women's Royal Rumble match at Royal Rumble. She entered the match at number 4 and was quickly eliminated by Sasha Banks.



Deadmau5

deadmau5 pronounced "dead mouse", (real name: Joel Zimmerman) (born January 5, 1981 in Niagara Falls, Ontario) is a Grammy-nominated and Juno winning Canadian electro and progressive house producer, DJ, and performer. 

He has released 8 albums and made a cameo on the TV show Gossip Girl. Furthermore he has made tracks like "Arguru" and "Not Exactly", which have been featured on many compilation CD's and on Armin van Buuren's A State Of Trance radio show. 

deadmau5 has worked together with DJs like: Kaskade, MC Flipside, Rob Swire of Pendulum and Knife Party, and Steve Duda under the BSOD alias. 

The name deadmau5 started when Zimmerman found a dead mouse in his computer, while he was replacing his video card. He talked with people in chat rooms, and people started connecting him with this story. In the end, Zimmerman called himself deadmau5, as a shorter version of "dead mouse".

In an interview with Irish Daily Star, he mentioned that he didn't like being referred to as a DJ. He was quoted as saying: 

He later said that he was sorry for his comment and said that the interview was bad, and it did not express his opinion about DJs correctly:

deadmau5 previously dated American model Lindsey Evans but they broke up in September 2011. He then dated tattoo artist Kat Von D in and they broke up in November 2012 however deadmau5 proposed to her on Twitter and she accepted. In June 2013, Von D announced that had ended their engagement.

On July 30, 2010 deadmau5 collapsed on stage 50 minutes into his set and doctors said he was suffering from exhaustion and vomiting. Deadmau5 was forced to cancel his next nine shows for recovery.





Leeroy Jenkins

Leeroy Jenkins is the name of a player character who was in the game World of Warcraft, created by Ben Shultz. He made a video which was put onto Youtube, and it became very popular. He has become known and even has his own achievement on World of Warcraft for pretending to be him in the video. Leeroy’s name is often spelt wrong as Leroy Jenkins who is a real different person.

The video which made Leeroy so famous shows him and his friends, doing a friendly activity known as a Raid in World of Warcraft, but this activity is hard to do, so the leader of the group that Leeroy is with has to explain what to do. But Leeroy is not around for the explanation, preparing some chicken, and when he comes back, he ends up running in the area, shouting his own name as he goes, which begins the activity, and ruining the plan which his friends made. This causes everyone to panic, and no-one knows what to do, and so, everyone dies. Everyone blames Leeroy for this, and he says "At least I got chicken."

Leeroy has become very well known and his name is now used by people to show that they are running in but have no idea what to do. These people should be avoided, as they may cause you to die as well, as the video shows. Because of this, people now consider the video to be a lesson.


Billy Corgan

William Patrick "Billy" Corgan, Jr. (born March 17, 1967) is an American singer and musician. He is the singer and guitarist for the American band The Smashing Pumpkins. Corgan and James Iha formed the band in 1988.

Dark Horse (album)

Dark Horse is the sixth studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback. The album was released on November 18, 2008. Seven singles came from the album, including "Gotta Be Somebody", "If Today Was Your Last Day", "I'd Come for You", "Burn It to the Ground", and "Something in Your Mouth".


Duncan Keith

Duncan Keith (born July 16, 1983 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks and the Edmonton Oilers. He played college hockey with the Spartans at Michigan State. 

Keith has also played for Team Canada. He won a gold medal with Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.

He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010 and was also awarded the 2010 Norris Trophy. On June 24, 2013, He won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On July 12, 2021, the Blackhawks traded Keith along with Tim Söderlund to the Edmonton Oilers for Caleb Jones and a third-round pick in the 2022 NHL Entry Draft. On July 12, 2022, Keith announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.

A minor

A minor (usually shortened to Am) is a minor scale based on A, which is made up of the pitches A, B, C, D, E, F, G, and A. The harmonic minor scale raises the G to G. Its key signature has no sharps or flats.

Its relative major is C major, and its parallel major is A major. A scale in both A minor and C major can be played on a piano or other keyboard instrument using only the white keys.

Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals when needed.

Most of the time key signatures were cancelled whenever the new key signature had fewer sharps or flats than the old key signature, in modern popular music, this is only done when C major or A minor replace another key.


You, Me and Dupree

You, Me and Dupree is a 2006 American comedy movie. It was produced by Mary Parent, Scott Stuber and Owen Wilson. It was directed by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo.

The movie is about newlyweds Carl and Molly Peterson (played by Matt Dillon and Kate Hudson). After Carl's best man and friend Randolph Dupree (Owen Wilson) loses his job and apartment, the couple allow him to move in. Dupree overstays his welcome.



Butters' Bottom Bitch

"Butters' Bottom Bitch" is the ninth episode of the thirteenth season of "South Park". It first started on the Comedy Central in the United States on October 16, 2009.

In this episode, Butters pays a girl $5 to kiss him on the playground. He decides to start a business, a "kissing company." This is a parody of prostitution with Butters as a pimp. Police officers hear about Butters' company and think it is a real prostitution ring. Sergeant Yates disguises himself as a female prostitute to find out. 

Episode's official page 

Eazy-E

Eric Lynn Wright (September 7, 1963 – March 26, 1995), known professionally as Eazy-E, was an American rapper. He was born in Compton, California. He rose to fame with the hip hop group N.W.A and is one of the founders of the "Gangsta rap" subgenre. He usually rapped about guns, drugs, relations between residents and the police, and sexual activity. He was known as the ""Godfather of Gangsta Rap"".

In 1987, he founded Ruthless Records.

In 1994, Eazy-E believed he had asthma, until he learned he had HIV/AIDS (Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome). It led to his death
on March 26, 1995.

He was buried at Rose Hills Memorial Park in Whittier, California.

During his career, Eazy-E released 2 studio albums and 3 EPs:


Tyranni

Tyranni is a suborder of passerine birds. They are also known as the suboscines. There are about 1,000 species in this suborder. Most of them live in South America.

These birds are different to the passeri (songbirds) because they have a different syrinx. This is part of the bird's voice box which makes bird song. Scientists have also done studies on DNA and fossils to show that the tyranni suborder is different to the passeri suborder.

The tyranni suborder can be split into three infraorders: Acanthisittides, Eurylaimides, and Tyrannide.

The first group, the Acanthisittidae, are also known as the New Zealand "wrens". At the moment, scientists are unsure whether they should belong to the tyranni or not. Some scientists think they are too different and they should be in their own suborder.

The Eurylaimides contains two superfamilies: the Eurylaimoidea and the Pittoidea. The Euryaimoidea contains three families. They are also known as the Old World suboscines. Most of them live in tropical places around the Indian Ocean. One species, the Broad-billed Sapayoa, lives in the Americas. The three families are:

The Tyrannides contain all sub-oscine birds from the Americas, except the Broad-billed Sapayoa:

Decision theory

Decision theory is a mathematical theory about how to best reach a decision. This is done using probability theory, statistics and logical reasoning. A decision can be made in different ways. Decision theory usually picks the best decision by looking at the consequences each way to decide might have. 

In most cases, decision theory is normative and prescriptive. Most of the time, it assumes the decision maker has "perfect knowledge". Decision makers know all the consequences, and case take the best pick. 

There are three branches of decision theory:
Decision theory can also be classified as follows:

Rennes 2 University

The University of Rennes 2 - Upper Brittany is a national university in France. It is located in the city of Rennes. It was created in 1969.

They are 5 faculties:


Timeline of World War II

This is Timeline of World War II, which shows the event linked to World War II during 1931-1945.










Gypsophila paniculata

Gypsophila paniculata is a species of perennial plant, a plant that lives for more than two years. The common name, a name that is in general use, is baby's breath.

The height of the species 2 to 3 feet long and the width of the species is 2 to 3 feet long. The species blooms anytime from April to August. The color of the flowers are typically white. The plant needs sunlight from the full sun, meaning direct sunlight. The species is an herbaceous plant, meaning it has leaves and stems that die down at the end of the growing season to the soil level and has no woody stem above the ground.

The species is native to Central Europe and Siberia.

Despite being used in cakes and corsages, the species is commonly feared to be poisonous. The toxicity is said to be due to saponins. The poisonous parts of the plant are claimed to be the flowers, with other parts of the plant also being poisonous when they are dry. The species can cause eye irritation, sinus irritation, or asthma after the plant is repeatedly handled. The plant can also cause minor skin irritation that only lasts for a few minutes. 

It is known that the roots of this species and other members of the genus gypsophila do in fact contain saponin. A study has been done which suggests that saponins are produced only in the root and stay in the root and do not move to other parts of the plant.

Xiongnu

The Xiongnu () were nomads who lived north of China from about 3rd century BC to 460s AD. Their lands were very infertile, so they tried to attack China many times. As this was very irritating, the first emperor of China (Qin Shi Huang) built the Great Wall of China around 214 to 206 BC to keep them out. Some Han dynasty emperors tried to stop the wars and make friends with them, but they still tried to attack the Chinese borders.

At first, it was believed that they were related to the Huns, and currently many people still believe this. In old times, nomadic tribes often travelled and lived together, even tribes speaking different languages. Around 60 BC, there was a struggle for power, and the Xiongnu broke up into five smaller tribes.

In 202 AD, the leader of the Southern Xiongnu surrendered to Prime Minister Cao Cao of the Han dynasty.

They are part of the Mongolian people now, or some of them have migrated to China for a better life.

The Han dynasty sent unrelated women falsely labeled as princesses and members of the Han imperial family when they were practicing Heqin marriage alliances with the Xiongnu.

The Xiongnu practiced marriage alliances with Han dynasty officers and officials. The older sister of the Chanyu (the Xiongnu ruler) was married to the Xiongnu General Zhao Xin, the Marquis of Xi who was serving the Han dynasty. The daughter of the Qiedihou Chanyu was married to the Han Chinese General Li Ling after he surrendered and defected. The Yenisei Kirghiz Khagans claimed descent from Li Ling. Another Han Chinese General who defected to the Xiongnu was Li Guangli who also married a daughter of the Chanyu. The Han Chinese diplomat Su Wu married a Xiongnu woman given by Li Ling when he was arrested and taken captive. Han Chinese explorer Zhang Qian married a Xiongnu woman and had a child with her when he was taken captive by the Xiongnu. Han Emperor Wu dispatched the Han Chinese explorer Zhang Qian to explore the mysterious kingdoms to the west and to form an alliance with the Yuezhi people in order to combat the Xiongnu. During this time Zhang married a Xiongnu wife, who bore him a son, and gained the trust of the Xiongnu leader.

The Kyrgyz khagans claimed descent from the Chinese general Li Ling, grandson of the famous Han dynasty general Li Guang. Li Ling was captured by the Xiongnu and defected in the first century BCE. And since the Tang royal Li family also claimed descent from Li Guang, the Kirghiz Khagan was therefore recognized as a member of the Tang Imperial family. This relationship soothed the relationship when Kyrgyz khagan Are (阿熱) invaded Uyghur Khaganate and put Qasar Qaghan to the sword. The news brought to Chang'an by Kyrgyz ambassador Zhuwu Hesu (註吾合素).


InuYasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time

InuYasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time is the first anime movie for the manga series "InuYasha".


Litmus paper

Litmus paper is a mixture which is made from different dyes which can be taken from lichens. It is water-soluble. It is used to tell whether a solution is an acid or an alkali.

Litmus paper is put onto filter paper. The paper can then be used to give a rough indication of the pH value of a solution. Blue litmus paper will turn red, when acid is present; red litmus paper will turn blue when alkalines are present. At room temperature, this usually happens for PH values between 4.5 and 8.3.

Alternatively, a solution can be prepared which works the same way, but does not need the paper.


Psychopathic Records

Psychopathic Records is a record label based in Royal Oak, Michigan. It was founded in 1991 by Alex Abbiss and Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse. The company is currently distributed by Fontana Distribution.

The Psychopathic Records mascot is Hatchetman.


Psychopathic Records official website

Gene Snitsky

Eugene Alan "Gene" Snisky (born January 14, 1970 in Nesquehoning, Pennsylvania) better known by his ring name Snitsky, is an American actor and retired professional wrestler, best known for the four years he spent with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). 

Snitsky was released from his WWE contract on December 11, 2008. Snitsky announced his retirement from wrestling on June 22, 2018.




Scottsboro Boys

The Scottsboro Boys were 9 African-American boys of 13 to 20 years old. They lived in Alabama. In the 1930s, they were accused of a rape that they did not do and they were punished for it. A jury found them guilty even though the woman who accused them of rape admitted during the trial that it did not happen.

Independence Hall

Independence Hall is a historic building in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is called Independence Hall because the Declaration of Independence was passed there. The United States Constitution was also written there. It served as the capital of the United States several times, mostly during the Revolutionary War. It was also the meeting place of the state legislature of Pennsylvania. It is a World Heritage Site. It is on the back of the $100 bill.

The Liberty Bell was originally in the bell tower of the building.

Abraham Lincoln's funeral included coming to Independence Hall, where over 300,000 people viewed the president's body.

Cartman Gets an Anal Probe

"Cartman Gets an Anal Probe" is the 1st episode for the 1st season of "South Park". It was first shown on Comedy Central in the United States on August 13, 1997. The episode introduces the main characters, Stan Marsh and Kyle Broflovski. They try to rescue Kyle's brother Ike from a group of aliens.

Stan, Kenny, Cartman, Kyle, and his little brother, Ike, are standing at the bus stop. Cartman tells them about the dream about getting abducted by aliens. The boys tell Cartman that it was not a dream and that he was actually abducted by aliens, but Cartman refuses to believe them. Chef drives up and asks the boys if they saw the space ship appearing in the sky. He tells stories about aliens performing anal probes. As the boys get on the bus and drive off they discover the aliens abducting Ike.

The boys are in the cafeteria and after Chef sees a machine emerge from Cartman's rear end, Chef helps the boys escape the school to save Ike by pulling the fire alarm. They escape outside and Cartman believes that being abducted by aliens was a dream until he is hit by a beam that makes him sing and dance and space ship appears. When Kyle throws a rock at the ship, it fires back and hits Kenny, who ends up getting killed by a herd of cows and a police car.

Stan, Kyle, and Wendy Testaburger meet at Stark's Pond and Wendy suggests that they use the device in Cartman's rear-end to contact the aliens, the boys tie Cartman to a tree, and a big satellite dish emerges from Cartman's rear-end. The spaceship appears and Ike leaps to safety. The aliens then begin to talk to the cows seeing them as the smartest species on the planet and Cartman is abducted once again, but is returned to the bus stop the next day.

Gin and Juice

"Gin and Juice" is a song by Snoop Doggy Dogg and produced by Dr. Dre, The song pay homage to Seagrams and Tanqueray gin and features Daz Dillinger. The video for "Gin and Juice" features Snoop Dogg wearing hockey jerseys from the Pittsburgh Penguins and the defunct Springfield (MA) Indians of the American Hockey League. The music video was also fourth on MTV2 and XXL's list of the 25 Greatest West Coast Videos.

Jordan Hendry

Jordan Hendry (born February 23, 1984 in Nokomis, Saskatchewan) is an Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that currently plays for Straubing Tigers of the DEL.

He played college ice hockey with the University of Alaska Fairbanks Nanooks. Hendry has played in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Blackhawks from four seasons and the Anaheim Ducks for 2 games. He has also played for HC Lugano of the National League A.

Hendry won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks on June 9, 2010 which he took to his hometown of Nokomis.

Harriet Beecher Stowe

Harriet Beecher Stowe (June 14, 1811 – July 1, 1896) was an American abolitionist and writer. Her novel "Uncle Tom's Cabin" (1852) showed the lives of African-Americans slaves. It was very popular as a novel and a play, and had a great influence in the United States and Britain, helping people who did not like slavery and making many people disagree with slavery.

Stowe was born Harriet Elisabeth Beecher in Litchfield, Connecticut, on June 14, 1811. Her parents were religious leaders Lyman Beecher (a leader of the Second Great Awakening) and Roxana (Foote) Beecher. Her mother died when Harriet was five years old. She had a sister, Catharine Beecher, who was an educator and author, and three brothers Henry Ward Beecher, Charles Beecher, and Edward Beecher.

Harriet went to the girls' school run by her sister Catharine. She received an education in the classics, including study of languages and mathematics. At 21, she moved to Cincinnati, Ohio to join her father. He had become the president of Lane Theological Seminary. She also joined the literary salon and social club called the Semi-Colon Club.

Harriet married Calvin Ellis Stowe on January 6, 1836. He was a widower and professor at the seminary. They had seven children together, including twin daughters. Calvin Stowe was a critic of slavery. The Stowes supported the Underground Railroad. They briefly sheltered several fugitive slaves in their home.

In 1850, the Stowe family moved to a house near the campus of Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine. Calvin Stowe was teaching in the college. On March 9, 1850, Stowe wrote to the editor of the antislavery journal "National Era". She told him that she was planning to write a story about slavery. In June 1851, the first installment of her book, "Uncle Tom's Cabin", was published in the "National Era". She originally used the subtitle "The Man That Was A Thing". It was changed to "Life Among the Lowly". Installments were published every week from June 5, 1851, to April 1, 1852.

For the newspaper serialization (published in parts) of her novel, Stowe was paid only $400. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was published in book form on March 20, 1852, by John P. Jewett with an initial print run of 5,000 copies. Each of its two volumes included three illustrations and a title-page designed by Hammatt Billings. In less than a year, the book sold an unprecedented 300,000 copies. By December 1851, sales began dropping off. A cheap edition was published to stimulate more sales.

Americans were captivated by the book. It provoked more debate about abolition and slavery. Southerns hated the book. Within a year of the book's publication, 300 babies were named "Eva" in Boston alone.

After the start of the American Civil War, Stowe went to Washington, D.C. She met President Abraham Lincoln on November 25, 1862. Stowe's daughter Hattie reported, "It was a very droll time that we had at the White House I assure you ... I will only say now that it was all very funny—and we were ready to explode with laughter all the while."

Lincoln greeted Stowe by saying, "So this is the little lady who made this big war."
Harriet's own accounts are vague, including a letter reporting the meeting to her husband: "I had a real funny interview with the President."

Harriet Beecher Stowe died on 1 July 1896 in Hartford, Connecticut. She is buried in the cemetery at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts.


Joe McElderry

Joe McElderry (born 16 June 1991) is an English singer. He was born in South Shields, Tyne and Wear. He won the 2009 series of singing competition "The X Factor" UK. He is openly gay.

Absolute value

In mathematics, the absolute value of a real number formula_1, written as formula_2 or formula_3, is the value of formula_1 when the sign is dropped (or formula_1 without its sign). That is, formula_6 for a positive formula_1, formula_8 for a negative formula_1, and formula_10 

For example, the absolute value of 3 is 3, and the absolute value of −3 is also 3 (formula_11). The absolute value of a real number may be thought of as its distance from zero. It can be defined as follows:

Because a distance is always positive, the absolute value of a number is always positive.

Similarly, the absolute value of a complex number may be thought of as its distance from the origin.

It is defined by the equation 
For any real number formula_1, its absolute value is denoted by formula_2 (a vertical bar on each side of the quantity), and is defined as

The absolute value of formula_1 is always either positive or zero, but never negative. From an analytic geometry point of view, the absolute value of a real number is that number's distance from zero along the real number line. The absolute value of the difference of two real numbers is the distance between them.

In calculus, the absolute value function is differentiable except at 0. It is continuous everywhere.

In linear algebra, the norm of a vector is defined similarly as the distance from the tip of the vector to the origin. This is similar to the way the absolute value of a complex number is defined.

The square root notation without sign represents the "positive" square root. So, it follows that:

which is another definition of absolute value.

The absolute value has the following four main properties:

Other important properties of the absolute value include:

Two other useful properties related to inequalities are:

These relations may be used to solve inequalities involving absolute values. For example:

formula_21

For a complex number formula_22, where formula_23 is the real part of formula_24 and formula_25 is the imaginary part of formula_24,


Lady Gaga

Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta (born March 28, 1986), better known as her stage name Lady Gaga, is an American singer, songwriter, activist, record producer, businesswoman, fashion designer, philanthropist, actress, dancer and model. She has a mezzo-soprano vocal range. Her albums are "The Fame", "The Fame Monster", "Born This Way", "Artpop", "Cheek to Cheek", "Joanne", "Chromatica", and "Love for Sale". In the US, she has earned five number-one singles and six number-one albums. She has won 13 Grammy Awards, an Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards, three American Music Awards, and three BRIT Awards.

Gaga is known for her versatility in music. She got her stage name from the song "Radio Ga Ga" by the band Queen. She won a Golden Globe Award for her acting role in the television series "American Horror Story: Hotel" in 2016. Gaga played the female lead, Ally, in the 2018 movie "A Star Is Born", where she stars alongside Bradley Cooper. She additionally portrays Patrizia Reggiani in the 2021 Ridley Scott film, "House of Gucci".

Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta was born at the Hospital Northwell Health in Upper East Side, New York City, on March 28, 1986. She is the oldest daughter of Joseph Germanotta, an internet businessman, and Cynthia (née Bissett). She has a younger sister named Natali, who is a fashion student. Lady Gaga is of Italian (her paternal grandfather was from Naso, in the province of Messina and he came up to the United States on 1908) and French Canadian ancestry. She learned to play piano at the age of four. She wrote her first piano song at 13. She started performing live by age 14. At the age of 11, Gaga went to the Convent of the Sacred Heart. This is a private Roman Catholic school on Manhattan's Upper East Side. Her family wasn't rich. She has said that her parents "both came from lower-class families, so we've worked for everything my mother worked eight to eight out of the house, in telecommunications, and so did my father." In high school, Gaga played lead roles in "Guys and Dolls" and in "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum". Gaga said her high school life was "very dedicated, very studious, very disciplined". She also said that it was "insecure". She said in an interview that, "I didn’t fit in, and I felt like a freak."

Gaga was 17 when she went to New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. She lived in a NYU dorm on 11th Street. She studied music. She helped to write essays on art, religion, social issues and politics. Gaga felt that she was more creative than some of her classmates. "Once you learn how to think about art, you can teach yourself," she said. By the second semester of her sophomore year, she left school to focus on her musical career. Her father agreed to pay her rent for a year, if she agreed to go back to Tisch if she failed. "I left my entire family, got the cheapest apartment I could find, and ate shit until somebody would listen," she said. Gaga has said she has had bulimia and anorexia since she was 15.

In 2005, Gaga began a band called the Stefani Germanotta Band. The band played in local dive bars during 2005-2007 where they performed her debut EP, "Red and Blue". Gaga revisited these locations during her Dive Bar Tour during 2016.

Gaga started her creative team, the Haus of Gaga, in 2008. On August 19, 2008, her first album "The Fame" was released. It included the hit singles "Just Dance" (featuring Colby O'Donis), "Poker Face", "LoveGame", and "Paparazzi". The first two singles became number-one hits for Gaga in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and several other countries. Gaga's follow-up EP, "The Fame Monster", was released on November 18, 2009. It contained the singles "Bad Romance", "Telephone" (featuring R&B singer Beyoncé), and "Alejandro". They became hits worldwide. All seven of these songs got into the top ten of the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The first six reached number one on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs chart. January 1 2011 Lady Gaga Announced to return music for !ore than 1 year

Gaga released her second studio album, "Born This Way", on May 23, 2011. Before that, Gaga released the song of the same name on February 11, 2011. The song entered the charts at number 1 in America, becoming her third number-one single there. "Born This Way" became Gaga's first number-one album in the United States, selling over one million copies there in its first week. Following the song "Born This Way", the singles "Judas", "The Edge of Glory", and "Yoü and I" reached the top ten in the US. The album's final single, "Marry the Night", became a top-thirty hit there.

In 2012, Gaga bought 55 items from an auction for Michael Jackson's possessions. She also released her first fragrance, Fame. The liquid of the perfume is black but sprays clear, which is "like the soul of fame."

On November 6, 2013, her third studio album, "Artpop," was released and became Gaga's second American number-one album. The song "Applause" was released as "<nowiki>Artpop'</nowiki>"s lead single and reached number 4 in the US and Canada, while peaking within the top ten around the world. The second single, "Do What U Want", featuring R&B singer R. Kelly, was released as the album's second single, peaking at number 13 in America, number 9 in the UK, and number 3 in Canada. A remixed version of the song featuring American singer Christina Aguilera was released on New Year's Day, 2014. Gaga released the third single, "GUY.", in March 2014. It peaked at number 76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

In September 2014, Gaga released a collaborative album with jazz artist Tony Bennett titled "Cheek to Cheek". Two singles have been released, "Anything Goes" and "I Can't Give You Anything but Love".

In 2015, Gaga was supposed to be the artist to perform the first concert in space; however, this never came into fruition. She performed a tribute to British singer-actress Julie Andrews at the 2015 Academy Awards. Gaga became engaged to her boyfriend of nearly four years, actor Taylor Kinney, over the weekend of Valentine's Day, 2015. However, the couple broke up in July 2016.

Throughout that year, Gaga toured with Tony Bennett to promote "Cheek to Cheek". Gaga also starred in the FX series, "American Horror Story: Hotel".

At the end of 2015, Gaga released the single "Til It Happens to You", co-written with songwriter Diane Warren (who has written songs for Céline Dion, Cher, and Aerosmith, among others) for the documentary "The Hunting Ground", which documents sexual abuse on college campuses. The song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media, along with an Academy Award for Best Original Song. She performed the song at the 2016 Academy Awards with 50 sexual assault survivors.

For her role in "American Horror Story", Gaga won a Golden Globe Award.

Gaga performed the National Anthem of the United States at Super Bowl 50 on February 7, 2016.

Gaga released her fifth studio album, "Joanne", on October 21, 2016. The style of the album is very different compared to her previous music. It entered at number one on the "Billboard" 200, and it became Gaga's fourth number-one album of the 2010's decade (2010-19). She worked with producer RedOne again on "Joanne", along with artists like Mark Ronson, Beck, and country songwriter Hillary Lindsey. The album includes the singles "Perfect Illusion" and "Million Reasons". The first single reached the top twenty around the world. The second reached as high as #52 in the US when it first charted.

Gaga performed in the Super Bowl LI (51) Halftime Show on February 5, 2017, in Houston, Texas. This became the most-watched halftime show in history across all platforms (the second-most watched on television, behind Katy Perry's 2015 halftime show). After Gaga's performance, "Million Reasons" entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 again at number four, tying the record for the highest re-entry on the Hot 100. It became her 14th top-ten hit and her 10th top-five in the US. It was later certified Platinum by the RIAA.

After Beyoncé announced that she could not perform the Coachella Festival due to her expecting twins, it was revealed that Gaga would perform instead. She performed her old hits along with a new song, "The Cure", that was released the next day. It reached number one on the iTunes charts of 62 countries on the day it was released.

From August 2017 to February 2018, Gaga performed on the Joanne World Tour. Some shows in November, along with the final ten shows on the tour, were canceled due to Gaga's fibromyalgia. A Netflix documentary about her life, called "Gaga: Five Foot Two", was released on September 22, 2017. The documentary won the award for Best Music Documentary at the 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards.

On November 19, 2017, Gaga performed "The Cure" from the Joanne World Tour during the 2017 American Music Awards. She won the award for Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist later that night.

Gaga starred in a remake of the film "A Star Is Born" alongside Bradley Cooper, which was released on October 5, 2018. Two singles from the movie's soundtrack were released: "Shallow" (with Bradley Cooper) and "Always Remember Us This Way". "Shallow" topped charts in Australia and the UK while initially reaching the top five in the US and Canada. It won two Grammy Awards for Best Song Written for Visual Media and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. The soundtrack entered at number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, giving Gaga the most number-one albums in the 2010's decade for a woman (with five US number-one albums).

Gaga is currently performing in a residency show in Las Vegas at the MGM Park Theater, called Lady Gaga Enigma. It began on December 28, 2018.

In February 2019, it was reported that Gaga and Christian Carino, her boyfriend of two years, had called off their engagement. Later that month, Gaga won her first Academy Award, known as an Oscar, in the Best Original Song category for "Shallow". She performed the song alone at the 61st Grammy Awards but joined with Cooper at the Oscars. After the Oscars performance, the song became Gaga's fourth number-one hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and Cooper's first.

On March 12, 2019, Gaga responded on Twitter to tabloid rumors that she was pregnant, writing, "Rumors I'm pregnant? Yeah, I'm pregnant with #LG6," referring to her sixth studio album.

On May 6, 2019, Gaga was one of the chairpersons of the Met Gala, a yearly dinner held by "Vogue" editor-in-chief Anna Wintour at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. It is known for its celebrity guests and themes. The 2019 theme was "Camp: Notes on Fashion". Gaga wore four layers: a long fuchsia coat with a hair bow, a black gown, a fuchsia dress, and black lingerie.

In July 2019, Gaga revealed her beauty collection, called Haus Laboratories. It was released for pre-order on its website and Amazon, whose Prime Day sale occurred July 15 and 16 of that year.

A song by Gaga, titled "Stupid Love", leaked online in January 2020. Gaga later released the final version of the song on February 28, 2020, as the first single from her upcoming sixth studio album, revealed to be called "Chromatica". The song entered the top ten of charts in several countries. It became Gaga's sixteenth top-ten and twelfth top-five hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 when it debuted at number five. "Chromatica" was planned for release on April 10, 2020, but was postponed to May 29 because of the global coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak.

On April 18, 2020, Gaga performed the song "Smile" as part of the TV special "One World: Together at Home", which featured appearances from many entertainers, such as Jennifer Lopez, Beyoncé, Taylor Swift, and Elton John. The program, which was organized by Gaga and Global Citizen in an effort to raise money for those affected by COVID-19, raised over $127 million. It earned the Guinness World Record for "Most Money Raised for Charity by a Remote Music Festival."

On May 22, a week before the album's new release date, she released "Rain on Me", a duet with Ariana Grande, as the album's second single. It entered at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100, giving Gaga her fifth number-one song in the US.

"Chromatica" entered at the top of the "Billboard" 200 album chart in the US, giving Gaga her sixth US number-one album. She also earned six number-one albums faster than any other female in "Billboard" history. Scheduled for 2020, the Chromatica Ball Tour was rescheduled for 2021 and then rescheduled a second time until 2022 because of the coronavirus pandemic.

On August 30, 2020, at the MTV Video Music Awards, Gaga won the first Tricon Award, along with Artist and Song of the Year and Best Collaboration and Best Cinematography for "Rain on Me". With these five wins, Gaga's career VMA awards total 18.

Gaga released a short film for the "Chromatica" song "911" on September 18, 2020.

Gaga won Favorite Electronic Dance Music (EDM) Artist at the 2020 American Music Awards, becoming the first female artist to do so.

Gaga performed the US national anthem at the inauguration of President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris on January 20, 2021.

On March 14, 2021, "Rain on Me" won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. "Chromatica" was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album.

Gaga appeared in the 2021 Apple TV+ documentary series "The Me You Can't See", which was executive-produced by Oprah Winfrey and Prince Harry. It discusses the topic of mental health. In one episode, Gaga revealed that she had been raped and left pregnant by a music producer at the age of 19 and was threatened that her music would be burned if she did not take off her clothes.

The "Chromatica" remix album, "Dawn of Chromatica", was released September 3, 2021. It features collaborations from several artists.

Originally scheduled for a spring 2021 release, Gaga's second album with Tony Bennett, "Love for Sale", was released October 1, 2021. Their cover of Cole Porter's "I Get a Kick Out of You" was released August 3, 2021, Bennett's 95th birthday.

Gaga stars as Patrizia Reggiani (with Adam Driver as Maurizio Gucci) in the Ridley Scott-directed film "House of Gucci", released November 24, 2021.

On April 3, 2022, "Love for Sale" won the Grammy Awards for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album and Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical. Since the second award is an engineer's award, this brings Gaga's total Grammy wins to 13. The album and its single "I Get a Kick Out of You" were nominated in four further categories.

Gaga released the power ballad "Hold My Hand", written for the movie "" (2022). While the song charted modestly around the world, it was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 95th Academy Awards, where she also performed. It was also nominated for the same category at the 80th Golden Globe Awards.

Gaga will star in Todd Phillips' film "Joker: Folie à Deux" (2024), alongside Joaquin Phoenix. She will portray Harley Quinn. It is set for a theater release on October 6, 2024.

On February 24, 2021, it was reported that Ryan Fischer, a friend of Gaga, was shot in Hollywood while walking Gaga's three French bulldogs (Asia, Gustav, and Koji). Two men exited a white car, and Fischer was shot four times in the chest; Gustav and Koji were stolen. Asia was rescued by the Los Angeles Police Department. Fischer was sent to the hospital, and it was announced later that he would fully recover. Gaga, while filming a movie in Italy, announced a $500,000 reward for anyone who turned in the dogs.

Two days later, the dogs were turned in to a Los Angeles police station, unharmed, and returned to one of Gaga's representatives. A judge later ruled that Gaga did not have to pay the reward to a woman charged in connection with the dog theft, although the woman claimed to have found the dogs and filed suit against Gaga for lack of payment.

Gaga has a striking fashion sense. The "New York Post" said her early look was like "a refugee from "Jersey Shore"" with "big black hair, heavy eye makeup and tight, revealing clothes." Gaga has naturally brown hair. She bleached her hair blonde so she wouldn't look like Amy Winehouse.

Much of Gaga's early success is due to her gay fans. She is often called a "rising gay icon." Early in her career she had trouble being played on the radio, and stated, "The turning point for me was the gay community. I've got so many gay fans and they're so loyal to me and they really lifted me up. They'll always stand by me and I'll always stand by them. It's not an easy thing to create a fanbase."


Art Garfunkel

Art Garfunkel (born November 5, 1941) is an American singer of Jewish descent. Along with Paul Simon, he was part of the duo Simon and Garfunkel, a popular group in the 1960s and early 1970s. After that, he made several solo albums. He has also acted in a few movies. 




Plattsburgh, New York

Plattsburgh is a town in New York in the U.S. It is in upstate New York, near Lake Champlain.

Only Time

Only Time, is a song by Celtic new age singer, Enya. It is one of her most famous songs.

George Rodrigue

George Rodrigue (March 13, 1944 – December 14, 2013) was an American artist who grew up in New Iberia, Louisiana. He went to an all-boys high school and then later studied at two art colleges, one in Louisiana and one in California. He later trained in New York. He began by painting outdoor scenes at family gatherings, using an oak tree as his main subject in hundreds of paintings. Later he started abstract painting of Louisiana legends and the history of its people. 

He is best known for his Blue Dog series of paintings. He modeled the Blue Dog after his own pet named Tiffany. She had died a couple years before the first painting was ever made. That first painting was made for the cover of a scary book. It was a little eerie, the subject being a pale scruffy dog with red eyes. Eventually they became friendlier images of the Blue Dog. He died of prostate cancer on December 14, 2013, aged 69.

JSGF

JSGF stands for Java Speech Grammar Format or the JSpeech Grammar Format. It is a special format used to describe a set of text that fits into a certain language.

Ocean pollution

Ocean pollution is pollution in the sea. It is a form of water pollution. "Ocean pollution" and "marine pollution" mean the same thing.

Marine pollution occurs when harmful effects result from the entry into the ocean of chemicals, particles, industrial, agricultural and residential waste, noise, or the spread of invasive organisms. Most sources of marine pollution are land based. The pollution often comes from nonpoint sources such as agricultural runoff, wind-blown debris and dust. Nutrient pollution, a form of water pollution, refers to contamination by excessive inputs of nutrients. It is a primary cause of eutrophication of surface waters, in which excess nutrients, usually nitrogen or phosphorus, stimulate algae growth.

Many potentially toxic chemicals adhere to tiny particles which are then taken up by plankton and benthos animals, most of which are either deposit or filter feeders. In this way, the toxins are concentrated upward within ocean food chains.

When pesticides are incorporated into the marine ecosystem, they quickly become absorbed into marine food webs. Once in the food webs, these pesticides can cause mutations, as well as diseases, which can be harmful to humans as well as the entire food web.

Toxic metals can also be introduced into marine food webs. These can cause a change to tissue matter, biochemistry, behaviour, reproduction, and suppress growth in marine life. Also, many animal feeds have a high fish meal or fish hydrolysate content. In this way, marine toxins can be transferred to land animals, and appear later in meat and dairy products. 

Every time we wash a car or use fertilizer on our lawns we are polluting the ocean. People often think that water pollution comes from big factories, but most of the pollution comes from everyday people doing everyday things. This kind of pollution is called "nonpoint-source pollution" because we cannot point out where it came from directly. All waste water, in time, enters a body of water (usually a stream). Every stream leads to a river, and every river leads to an ocean.

Because so many people use oil, large ships must take billions of barrels of it across the oceans. If it is not handled carefully, these trips can be very bad. In 1989, the United States experienced a large oil spill in Prince William Sound, a waterway on the Alaskan coast. The "Exxon Valdez", a very big ship, hit a reef and spilled more than 260,000 barrels of oil. The results were very bad. A great number of animals were covered in oil and began dying immediately. Animals that ate these oil-filled animals also died. Many Alaskans who lived by fishing these animals lost their businesses. Even though many animals were saved, and the Exxon Oil Company spent 2.5 billion dollars trying to clean up the oil, Alaska's wildlife still suffers.


Stewie Griffin

Stewie Griffin is a character in the television comedy "Family Guy". 

He is the youngest child of Lois and Peter Griffin. He has two older siblings, Meg and Chris. They are an American family, although Stewie is the only one in his family with a British accent. Seth MacFarlane, is the man responsible for voicing (imitating) and creating the voice for Stewie Griffin. Seth said in an interview that Stewie's voice was inspired by that of Rex Harrison's voice.

Stewie is known for his evil scheme-plotting. During the earlier seasons of Family Guy, Stewie often planned on killing Lois, however, this has since stopped. Stewie built his own time machine that is stored in his room. In the time machine, he has gone to places such as Leonardo da Vinci's house, Poland during the beginning of World War 2, and even traveled back to the 1st of January 1999 (the first ever episode of Family Guy).

Stewie is often with his stuffed teddy bear called Rupert. 

With Stewie being a baby, only a few main characters can actually understand him. The characters that can understand him include: Brian Griffin and Chris Griffin. There is much debate over which characters in "Family Guy" can understand Stewie. In an interview, the shows creator Seth MacFarlane said that everyone can understand him, but they ignore him or just think to themselves "oh how cute" when he talks. 

However, at the 2011 Comic-Con panel, he would say that Brian always hears Stewie, and more recently so does Chris, but the writers usually try to have Peter, Lois, and Meg not hear him. 

Once Stewie leaves the house, the question of who can hear him depends on the story. MacFarlane also states that these rules can be broken for the sake of comedy, so this usually changes from one episode to another.

Tikkakoski

Tikkakoski is a town in Jyväskylä, Finland. In 2010, 6,000 people live in Tikkakoski. 2,321 of them live in Tikkakoski's downtown.

MSX

MSX was the name of a home computer in the 1980s. It was Microsoft's attempt to create a standard for hardware makers, conceived by Microsoft Japan executive Kazuhiko Nishi. Even with Microsoft's involvement, MSX machines were rare in the United States and Britain, but they were popular in other markets. Eventually 5 million MSX-based units were sold worldwide.

Family Computer Disk System

The Family Computer Disk System was a disc add-on for the Nintendo Entertainment System that was only released in Japan despite being announced in America. It used floppy disks which made it very easy for piracy to occur.

ColecoVision

The ColecoVision was a second generation home video game console known mostly for its expansion packs including the Expansion Module #1 which gave it the largest library of games for its time by having compatibility with Atari 2600 games. The system competed with other game systems popular at the time such as Atari 2600 and the Intellivision. The ColecoVision offered arcade-quality graphics and gaming style, and the means to expand the system's basic hardware. River West Brands currently owns the ColecoVision brand name. It was released in 1982 and was discontinued in 1985.


Fashion in the 15th century

Fashion in the 15th century, in Europe was characterized by a series of extremes and extravagances, from the voluminous gowns called houppelandes with their sweeping floor-length sleeves to the revealing doublets and hose of Renaissance Italy. Hats, hoods, and other headdresses assumed increasing importance, and were swagged, draped, jewelled, and feathered. Full-bodied houppelandes with voluminous sleeves worn with elaborate headdresses are characteristic of the earlier 15th century.

As Europe continued to grow more prosperous, the urban middle classes, skilled workers, began to wear more complex clothes that followed, at a distance, the fashions set by the elites. National variations in clothing seem on the whole to have increased over the century. 

Wool was the most popular fabric for all classes by far, followed by linen and hemp. Wool fabrics were available in a wide range of qualities, from rough undyed cloth to fine, dense broadcloth with a velvety nap; high-value broadcloth was a backbone of the English economy and was exported throughout Europe. Wool fabrics were dyed in rich colours, notably reds, greens, golds, and blues, although the actual blue colour achievable with dyeing with woad (and less frequently indigo) could not match the characteristic rich lapis lazuli pigment blues depicted in contemporary illuminated manuscripts such as the Très Riches Heures du duc de Berry.

Silk-weaving was well-established around the Mediterranean by the beginning of the century, and figured silks, often silk velvets with silver-gilt wefts, are increasingly seen in Italian dress and in the dress of the rich throughout Europe. Stately floral designs featuring a pomegranate or artichoke motif had reached Europe from China in the previous century and became a dominant design in the Ottoman silk-producing cities of Istanbul and Bursa, and spread to silk weavers in Florence, Genoa, Venice, Valencia and Seville in this period. 

Fur was worn, mostly as a lining layer, by those who could afford it. The grey and white squirrel furs of the Middle Ages, vair and miniver, went out of style except at court, first for men and then for women; the new fashionable furs were dark brown sable and marten. Toward the end of the century, wild animal furs such as lynx became popular. Ermine remained the prerogative and hallmark of royalty.

Markov chain

A Markov chain is a model of some random process that happens over time. Markov chains are called that because they follow a rule called the Markov property. The Markov property says that whatever happens next in a process only depends on how it is right now (the state). It doesn't have a "memory" of how it was before. It is helpful to think of a Markov chain as evolving through discrete steps in time, although the "step" doesn't need to have anything to do with time.

Markov chains can be discrete or continuous. Discrete Time Markov Chains are split up into discrete time steps, like t = 1, t = 2, t = 3, and so on. The probability that a chain will go from one state to another state depends only on the state that it's in right now. Continuous Time Markov Chains are chains where the time spent in each state is a real number. The amount of time the chain stays in a certain state is randomly picked from an exponential distribution, which basically means there's an average time a chain will stay in some state, plus or minus some random variation.

An example of a Markov chain are the dietary habits of a creature who only eats grapes, cheese or lettuce, and whose dietary habits conform to the following (artificial) rules:

This creature's eating habits can be modeled with a Markov chain since its choice depends on what it ate yesterday, not additionally on what it ate 2 or 3 (or 4, etc...) days ago. One statistical property one could calculate is the expected percentage of the time the creature will eat cheese over a long period.

Another classical example of a Markov chain is the 1995 model of cocaine use in Los Angeles designed by the . The model is governed by a series of equations, which describe the probability of a person being a non-user, light user (L) or heavy user (H) of cocaine at time "t"+1, given their prior probabilities at time "t":

"L(t+1)" = "I"("t")"-aL(t) +fH(t)-bL(t)"

"H(t+1)" = "bL(t)-fH(t)-gH(t)"

"I(t)"+"L(t)"+"H(t)"=1

Mary Anning

"M"ary Anning (21 May 1799 – 9 March 1847) was an early 19th-century British fossil collector, dealer and paleontologist. She earned her living finding and preparing fossils, in the rich Jurassic marine strata at Lyme Regis, Dorset where she lived. She made many important finds. These included the first ichthyosaur skeleton to be correctly identified ("Temnodontosaurus platyodon"); the first two plesiosaur skeletons ever found ("Plesiosaurus dolichodeirus"); the first pterosaur skeleton found outside Germany ("Dimorphodon macronyx"); and some important fish fossils.

Her observations played a key role in the discoveries that belemnite fossils contained fossilized ink sacs, and that coprolites, known as bezoar stones at the time, were fossilized faeces. When the geologist Henry De la Beche painted "Duria Antiquior", he based it largely on fossils Anning had found. He sold prints for her benefit. Her work played a key role in the growth of scientific biology in the early 19th century. It showed without question that previously unknown forms of life had existed in the Jurassic seas, all of which were long extinct.

Anning's sex and social class—her parents were poor religious dissenters (non-Anglican Protestants)—prevented her from fully participating in the scientific community of early 19th century England, dominated as it was by rich Anglican gentlemen. Some of the men she worked with and for did give her full credit for her contributions, but some did not.

Although she became well known in geological circles in Britain, Europe, and America, and she made a great deal of money from her best finds, she struggled financially for much of her life. In 1818 Anning came to the attention of Thomas Birch, a rich fossil collector, when she sold him an ichthyosaur skeleton. A year later, he was disturbed by the poverty of the Anning family, which was at the point of having to sell their furniture to make ends meet. Birch arranged for the sale by auction of his own fossil collection, and the proceeds (some £400) were given to the Annings. Besides providing much needed funds, the public auction raised the profile of the Anning family in the geologic community. Later, she lost £300 (a huge sum) in 1835 on unwise investments, but was saved by a government pension of £25 per year. This was organised by another of her friends, William Buckland. Her early death was caused by breast cancer.

Tourists used to visit Lyme Regis, which had become a popular seaside resort. As their father had before them, Mary and her brother Joseph Anning set up a table of 'curiosities' near the coach stop at a local inn to sell their wares to tourists. After Joseph made an important find of an ichthyosaur skull in 1810 and Mary found the associated skeleton a year later, they became known to the geologists and amateurs interested in fossils. Their passion for fossils grew to be the main source of income for their family.

Her stock in trade were invertebrate fossils such as ammonite and belemnite shells, which were common in the area and sold for a few shillings. Vertebrate fossils were much rarer, and exceptional specimens like an almost complete ichthyosaur skeleton could sell for much more.

The source of these fossils were the coastal cliffs that surround Lyme which are part of a geological formation known as the Blue Lias. This formation consists of alternating layers of limestone and shale, laid down as sediment on a shallow seabed early in the Jurassic period (about 210-195 million years ago). The cliffs are one of the richest fossil locations in Britain.

As Mary Anning continued to make important finds her reputation grew. In 1826, at the age of 27, she managed to save enough money to buy a home with a glass store front window for her shop, called "Anning's Fossil Depot". The move was covered in the local paper, which noted that the shop currently had a fine ichthyosaur skeleton on display. Many geologists and fossil collectors from Europe and America visited Anning at Lyme to purchase specimens. These included the geologist George William Featherstonhaugh who purchased fossils for the newly opened New York Lyceum of Natural History in 1827. King Frederick Augustus II of Saxony visited her shop in 1844 and purchased an ichthyosaur skeleton for his extensive natural history collection.

Lady Harriet Silvester visited Lyme in 1824. She remarked in her diary:
... the extraordinary thing in this young woman is that she has made herself so thoroughly acquainted with the science that the moment she finds any bones she knows to what tribe they belong. She fixes the bones on a frame with cement and then makes drawings and has them engraved. . . It is certainly a wonderful instance of divine favour – that this poor, ignorant girl should be so blessed, for by reading and application she has arrived to that degree of knowledge as to be in the habit of writing and talking with professors and other clever men on the subject, and they all acknowledge that she understands more of the science than anyone else in this kingdom.
As time passed, her confidence in her knowledge increased, and in 1839 she wrote to the "Magazine of Natural History" to question their claim that a hooked tooth of the prehistoric shark "Hybodus" represented a new discovery. She had discovered years ago the existence of fossil sharks with both straight and hooked teeth. The extract from the letter that the magazine printed was the only thing that Anning ever published.


Mary Anning is the subject of the old tongue-twister, "She sells sea shells on the sea shore." It was composed in 1908, more than a half century after her death, by Terry Sullivan who was inspired by her life story. The lyrics have changed over time, but the original text was:<br>

She sells seashells on the seashore<br>The shells she sells are seashells, I'm sure<br>So if she sells seashells on the seashore<br>Then I'm sure she sells seashore shells.<br>
Anning's life story was seen as inspirational by a number of writers in the 20th century. Most of this material was intended as inspirational literature for children, and tended to focus on her childhood and early career, neglecting her later accomplishments. Much of it was also romanticized and not always historically accurate. She appeared as a character in historical novels, perhaps most notably in "The French Lieutenant's Woman" (1969) by John Fowles, which was made into a feature film in 1981. Fowles observed critically that no British scientist had named a species after Anning in her lifetime.

However, in the 1840s the Swiss-American expert on fossil fish Louis Agassiz did name two fossil fish species, "Acrodus anningiae", and "Belenostomus anningiae", after her, and another after her friend Elizabeth Philpot. Agassiz was grateful for the help the two women had given him in examining and understanding fossil fish specimens, during his 1834 visit to Lyme Regis.

Cyberbullying

Cyberbullying is the misuse of electronic information and mass media, such as e-mail, SMS, weblogs, cellphones and defamatory websites, to harass or attack a person or a group. It can cause emotional damage. Cyberbullying” was first used in 1998. Cyberbullying can include sending threats and unwanted sexual messages. It is repeated behaviour, aimed at scaring, angering or shaming those who are targeted. Examples include: spreading lies about or posting embarrassing photos of someone on social media, sending hurtful messages or threats via messaging platforms, impersonating someone and sending mean messages to others on their behalf. Face-to-face bullying and cyberbullying can often happen alongside each other. But cyberbullying leaves a digital footprint – a record that can prove useful and provide evidence to help stop the abuse.

The prevalence of cyberbullying is shocking, especially for youth: Over 59% of teenagers in the US have experienced cyberbullying, and globally 33% of parents report having or knowing a child within their community who had been cyberbullied. Cyberbullying is not only limited to children and teenagers however. 41% of adults in the US report having personally experienced online harassment, with 66% reporting that they have seen this negative behavior directed at others. High profile cases of celebrities being harassed online often end up on the news.

Some schools have started programs to teach students about cyberbullying and how to deal with it.

Victims may experience the following effects after being cyberbullied:


In 2006, a 13 year old girl in Missouri killed herself after receiving mean messages on MySpace from a woman pretending to be a teenage boy. The state of Missouri then made using technology like the Internet or text messages to harass someone illegal.

In New Hampshire, a law was passed in 2010 that said that schools must have rules against cyberbullying.

On October 12, 2012, a Canadian girl named Amanda Todd killed herself. A few years before this happened, she showed her breasts on a video chat, and a man later messaged her saying that if Todd did not show more parts of her body then he would post the pictures he had taken of her from the video chat to the Internet. She faced a lot of bullying on the internet afterwards. It is clear that both adults and children all over the world can be affected by cyberbullying, which sometimes lead to disturbing consequences. 



Bach-Werke-Verzeichnis

Bach-Werke-Verzeichnis (BWV) is a list of all the pieces of music by Johann Sebastian Bach that are known. In English it means Bach Works Catalogue.

The catalogue was made by Wolfgang Schmieder in 1950. He took all the music that is known by Johann Sebastian Bach (some of Bach's music has been lost) and gave each piece a number. Each piece of music by Bach therefore has a BWV number. For example, the "Mass in B minor" is BWV 232. Giving each piece a number helps musicians to know exactly which piece of music we are talking about. For example, there are several Preludes and Fugues in G major, but putting "Prelude and Fugue in G major, BWV 550" makes it clear which one it is.

The BWV numbers are not listed chronologically (in the order they were written). They are grouped according to what kind of music it is: all the cantatas together, all the concertos together, etc.

Some pieces of music may be written by Bach, but we are not sure. Those doubtful pieces of music are listed separately as "BWV Anhang" (BWV appendix). Some of what Schmieder wrote in 1950 has been updated because some new music by Bach has been discovered. Other pieces of music have now been proved not to be by Bach.

Bach, like many composers from long ago, did not use opus numbers, because very few of his works were published during his lifetime.

Some older books write "S" instead of "BWV" (S for Schmieder), but Schmieder did not want this. He wanted Bach's name to be used, not his own.


Han Fei

Han Fei Zi (281 BC – 233 BC) was an early Chinese philosopher. He is part of a group said to have created of doctrine of the "School of Law" or Legalism.

Thomas Anders

Thomas Anders (born Bernd Weidung, 1 March 1963, Koblenz, West Germany) is a German singer, composer and record producer. Anders was the lead singer of Modern Talking, a famous German pop duo, between 1984–1987 and 1998–2003.



Despite the title, this DVD misses some videos by Thomas Anders: "Heißkalter Engel", "Es geht mir gut heut' Nacht", "Can't Give You Anything (But My Love)" and "Soldier".


Américo

Domingo Jonhy Vega Urzúa (December 24, 1977, Arica, Chile), commonly known as Américo, is a Chilean singer. He became known when he started leading the band "Américo y la Nueva Alegría". He is the son of the boleros singer Melvin "Corazón" Américo, who sings duets with his wife, Marcela Toledo.




Holodomor

The Holodomor (, which means "murder by hunger") was a man-made famine that happened in Ukraine in 1932 and in 1933. It is also known as the Terror-Famine or Great Famine. At that time, Ukraine was a part of the Soviet Union. About seven million people starved to death in the Holodomor.

Joseph Stalin was the leader and dictator of the Soviet Union, which was a communist country. He made farmers in the Soviet Union change the way they farmed, then he tried to make the farmers work harder for the government-owned farms, for less money. Many people in the Ukraine did not want to go along with this. When the Ukraine had a famine, Stalin refused to help the people in Ukraine. Instead, the government took food away from people. It became illegal (against the law) to pick up food from the ground of fields. The government also tried to stop people from moving around the country to look for food.

Scholars and politicians using the word Holodomor say the man-made aspects of the famine, was a genocide; some consider the huge loss of life comparable to the Holocaust. They argue that the Soviet policies were an attack on the rise of Ukrainian nationalism and therefore is a genocide.

Other scholars say that the Holodomor was an unexpected consequence of the rapid and massive industrialization started by Stalin, that brought radical economic changes to the farmers and the country, and which was not done on purpose.


Castling

Castling is a special move in chess that uses both a rook and the king. In castling, the king is moved two squares toward the rook, and the rook moves past the king to the square right next to the king. 

Castling takes one move, and is the only way for a player to move two of his own pieces on the same move. Castling can be done on either side of the board. 

Castling is only possible if each of the following things are true:


Good players castle in most of their games. It is normally a good idea because it often moves the king into a safer place. The middle of the board is normally not a safe place for the king to be in the game. Castling also makes it easier to get the rook into the game. Castling king-side is generally viewed as being safer, and is more common than castling on the Q-side. 

Castling was part of the changes made to the original version of chess. As the power of the pieces were increased, the kings had to be given a means of escape. Instead of being in the heat of battle, they needed to be tucked safely away. These changes were made in the 15th century (see history of chess).

False consensus

False consensus or the effect of the false consensus is the tendency for people to assume that everyone else thinks the same way they do.

It is a cognitive bias in which a person overestimates the "agreement grade" that the other people have with them. In other words, people tend to think that others agree with them. Most of the time, a person thinks that their own attitudes, beliefs, values and habits are the most common ones. In reality, the person's thoughts may not be shared by others.

Another effect which can occur with false consensus is called pluralistic ignorance. In pluralistic ignorance, people support a norm or a belief in public, even though they really think it is wrong.



Cherry cake

A cherry cake is a soft, creamy cake with firm bread and ripe cherries inside it. It is served with cherry icing, made of icing sugar, butter, and water. Sometimes, pink food coloring is added to the icing, to make it look like it is made of cherries.

Cherry cakes may also be presented with sprinkled icing, and desiccated coconut.

Walnut cake

Walnut cake is a cake made of walnuts. It is a lightly golden, thick, creamy cake made of coffee cream and chocolate hazelnut spread. Unfilled Walnut cakes can be preserved and for one month.

Walnut cakes may also be served with a punnet of strawberries, reserving four berries for decoration. Also, strawberry cream can be spread over the top and sides of the cake.

Eudimorphodon

Eudimorphodon is a recently discovered pterosaur, and comes from shale laid down Upper Triassic rocks in Italy.

A nearly complete skeleton was found in 1973. This showed it was a member of the long-tailed sub-order of pterosaurs, the Rhamphorhynchoidea. "Eudimorphodon" was small in size, with 110 teeth packed into a jaw only 6 cms long. Teeth at the front are fangs, further back the teeth are small and multipointed, many with five cusps. This is unique among pterosaurs, whose teeth are usually of a simple conical form.

Stomach contents showed it had eaten a small fish, "Parapholidophorus". The top and bottom teeth of "Eudimorphodon" came into direct contact with each other when the jaws were closed, especially at the back of the jaw. The teeth were multi-cusped, and tooth wear shows that "Eudimorphodon" was able to crush or chew its food to some degree. Wear along the sides of these teeth suggests that "Eudimorphodon" also fed on hard-shelled invertebrates.

Juvenile "Eudimorphodon" had somewhat different and fewer teeth, and may have eaten insects.

An unsolved puzzle is the flexibility of the tail, which lacks the very long stiffening vertebral extensions other long-tailed pterosaurs have. This flexibility is a basal trait; its functional significance in this genus is unknown. However, it is known that the stiffened tail of "Rhamphorhynchus"-like pterosaurs is a device which adds stability to their flight. Without this stability, the animal would be more manoeuvrable, but their flight would need more control by the brain.

Myall Creek massacre

The Myall Creek Massacre was an incident which involved the murders of approximately 30 Wirrayaraay indigenous people by European settlers. It happened on 10 June 1838 at the Myall Creek near Bingara in northern New South Wales.

Nuclear chemistry

Nuclear chemistry is the part of chemistry dealing with radioactivity and other parts of atoms.

Rise Against

Rise Against is an American melodic hardcore band from Chicago, Illinois. Rise Against formed in 1999. Their current members are Tim McIlrath (vocals, guitar), Joe Principe (bass guitar), Brandon Barnes (drums), and Zach Blair (guitar). All of the members are straight edge (except Barnes), and the band supports PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals). They are also vegans. The band is currently signed to Geffen. Geffen is a record label owned by Universal Music Group. As of 2009, Rise Against has had six studio albums, two EPs, and one DVD.

Rise Against spent its first five years signed to the record label "Fat Wreck Chords," on which it released two studio albums. The band got reviewer popularity with its first two releases on Geffen, "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" (2004) and "The Sufferer & the Witness" (2006). These two albums made many high-charting singles, like "Swing Life Away", "Prayer of the Refugee", and "The Good Left Undone". Their newest studio album, "Appeal to Reason" (2008), was released in North America on 7 October. It got to number three on the U.S Billboard 200 and made the three singles, "Re-Education (Through Labor)", "Audience of One", and "Savior".

Rise Against was first made with the name "Transistor Revolt" in 1999 by former members of the bands 88 Fingers Louie and Baxter. The first group was Tim McIlrath (vocals), Joe Principe (bass and vocals), Toni Tintari (drums), and Mr. Precision (guitar and vocals). The band never performed live with this group. Instead, it released a self-made demo or EP. It was called "Transistor Revolt". They made it in the year 2000, a year before signing with Fat Wreck Chords. Tintari left shortly after making "Transistor Revolt", and was replaced by Brandon Barnes. Barnes was first from Screeching Weasel and Squirtgun's drummer. The band changed its name to Rise Against in 2001 and made its first album, "The Unraveling" (made by veteran punk maker Mass Giorgini) on Fat Wreck Chords that same year. Mr. Precision then left the band in 2001. He was replaced by Todd Mohney. Mohney joined before the band began writing their second full-length album, "Revolutions per Minute".

After touring in support of "The Unraveling", the band came back to the studio in December 2002 to work on their second full-length album. The album would be called "Revolutions per Minute" (made by Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore at The Blasting Room). It was released in 2003. The band toured a lot in support of its first two albums. They also performed in helping roles for "Sick of It All," "NOFX," "Agnostic Front," "No Use for a Name," "AFI," and "Strung Out." Rise Against also helped out in the 2003 "Warped Tour."

Rise Against signed onto DreamWorks Records in December 2003 and made their third album, "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" in 2004. DreamWorks was soon absorbed by the Universal Music Group, and Rise Against found itself with Geffen Records instead. Shortly after the band signed with Geffen, Mohney left and was replaced by guitarist Chris Chasse. Rise Against released "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" in August 2004. The album was their first to be the band's album on a famous record label, and was their first to reach the "Billboard" 200 chart. It also was awarded gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The album got mostly good reviews from reviewers. In giving the album three out of five stars, Johnny Loftus from Allmusic said that "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" sometimes ""gets carried away with its own music ."" However, he goes on to say that because of the album being the band's first famous-label release, ""maybe the fuller sound and sometimes forays into acoustic guitars and cello overdubs...are OK.""

Rise Against toured North America, Europe, Australia, and Japan in support of "Siren Song of the Counter Culture". Some of the best performances are those on the first worldwide "Taste of Chaos" tour in 2005 (with Funeral for a Friend, Story of the Year, The Used, and Killswitch Engage), a worldwide tour to the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, and Japan, the Give It a Name tour in the United Kingdom, the Reading Festival and Leeds Festival in the United Kingdom a United States tour with Alkaline Trio, and the Warped Tour in North America.

In January 2006, after touring in support of "Siren Song of the Counter Culture", Rise Against started to work on their fourth studio album at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado. With makers Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore. "The Sufferer & the Witness" was released on 4 July 2006. The album got to number 10 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release. It was then awarded gold by the RIAA in 2008. "The Age" newspaper said that with "The Sufferer & the Witness", the band ""returns to their punk roots."" Plus, the album got mostly good reviews by reviewers. Corey Apar of Allmusic, in giving the album four out of five stars, said of it, ""the band's inner grit is aptly drawn out amid all the pit-ready choruses and fist-in-the-air, stirring lyrics."" She goes on to say, ""Rise Against continue to muscularly confront political and personal grievances to the tune of swirling guitars, assertive rhythms, and Tim McIlrath's sandpapered vocals."" Then Christine Leonard of "Fast Forward Weekly" says of the band, ""Returning to their old school form with the ballistic intensity of "Bricks," they just as quickly lose focus with questionable efforts such as 'Worth Dying For' and the oh-so-weary 'Prayer of the Refugee'.""

A DVD called "Generation Lost" was released on 5 December 2006 to help the band and their new album. It is a movie of the careers of the band members, as well as live performance videos and making-of shorts. Rise Against toured in support of "The Sufferer & the Witness" through the second half of 2006 and all of 2007. The band was a big band in the 2006 Warped Tour. In late 2006, the band said that they would tour with Thursday. The bands Circa Survive and Billy Talent would also come too. In early 2007, the band had My Chemical Romance open for them on the first half of their big tour. On 23 February 2007, Rise Against said guitarist Chris Chasse, would leave. Chasse was then replaced by longtime friend Zach Blair from Only Crime. On 15 June 2007, the band started their first big tour in support of "The Sufferer & the Witness". It was a North American tour that lasted throughout the summer months. During this tour, on 3 July 2007, Rise Against recorded an EP in Canada titled "This Is Noise", which was then released in the United States on 15 January 2008.

Before the album was released, Rise Against supported it by performing at the sixteenth yearly KROQ Weenie Roast on 17 May in Irvine, California. They also performed at the sixth yearly Download Festival on 13 June at Donington Park, England. They played at Switzerland's Greenfield Festival as well as Germany's Hurricane Festival and Southside Festival. Like many past years, the band participated in the Vans Warped Tour, although they only performed on the tour's west coast swing from 6 August to
17 August.

Rise Against's fifth studio album "Appeal to Reason" was released on 4 October in Australia. It was then released 6 October across Europe. Then 7 October in the United States. The album sold 64,700 copies in its first week. It also got to number three on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. This made it Rise Against's highest scoring album. "Appeal to Reason" also got mostly good reviews. However, reviewers did not rate it as good as "The Sufferer & the Witness". Most people thought this because Rise Against is moving toward slower music and away from faster hardcore punk. Giving the album a C+ review, Marc Weingarten of "Entertainment Weekly" says the album is filled with ""protest anthems that lean closer to the angst of such bands as New Found Glory and Fall Out Boy than the genuine outrage of brainy Green Day"" and songs that are ""peppy but pretty empty, power-chord downers with little bark or bite"." Kyle Anderson from "Rolling Stone" says that the songs on "Appeal to Reason" ""are driven by an ever-sharpening pop "." He finishes by saying, ""Rise Against may be about leaving the underground behind, but with sharp songs like these, they're ready for the rest of the world"."

Rise Against then went on a North American tour with other bands such as Rancid, Billy Talent, Killswitch Engage, and Riverboat Gamblers in June and July 2009. They also did a short tour in the United Kingdom in November. The bands Thursday and Poison the Well helped Rise Against do that tour. The band also played at KROQ's Almost Acoustic Christmas in December 2009, playing right before AFI. The band will release a record with Face to Face, but no date has been said. After finishing a Europen tour from October to November 2009 and an Australian tour in January and February 2010, Rise Against will start working on a new album.

Rise Against's musical style throughout the band's history has been thought by most reviewers as hardcore punk, melodic hardcore, or punk rock. The band has cited many punk and hardcore bands as inspiration to its music. In 2004, drummer Brandon Barnes said: ""I think we have a lot of different influences from hardcore like old Cave In, to a lot of punk like Face to Face, Screeching Weasel, and Down By Law"."

The band's songs focus on melody, catchy hooks, aggressive movements, and fast-paced tempo. Guitarists McIlrath and Blair focus on speed riffing and multi-layered choruses. Bassist Principe uses aggressive picking to lock in with the snare and kick of the drums. Frummer Barnes follows the guitars. He says: "Sometimes I'll do it naturally, or we'll talk about different ways to accent things - fills from the snare or toms, or some big crashes."

In 2006, Tim McIlrath described the band's style: ""We’re Minor Threat and Black Flag. Who knows, maybe if Ian MacKaye was wearing eyeliner then I would be."" Other bands that have inspired Rise Against are Descendents, Dead Kennedys, Refused, and Bad Religion.

During the early part of their career, Rise Against's music had a gritty combination of hardcore punk and melodic hardcore. "The Unraveling" had a raw punk sound, while "Revolutions per Minute" had an overall darker tone.

All of the group's members are vegetarians. All of them are also supporters of PETA, an animal rights organization. Their video for the song "Ready to Fall" has video of factory farming, rodeos, and sport hunting. It also has videos of deforestation, melting ice caps, and forest fires. The group said that that video was the most important video they have ever made. In February 2012, the band released a cover of the Bob Dylan song "Ballad of Hollis Brown". This was part of a benefit for Amnesty International. The Director's Cut of the video was first shown on a PETA website. In 2009, the band was voted Best Animal-Friendly Band by PETA. All the members of Rise Against (except Brandon Barnes) are straight edge; that is, they do not drink alcohol, and they do not use drugs.

the band has voiced their support for Democratic and libertarian causes. During the 2004 United States presidential election, the band was part of Punkvoter, a political activist group. They appeared on the "Rock Against Bush, Vol. 1" compilation. The Rock Against Bush project raised over $1 million for John Kerry. John Kerry was the Democratic presidential candidate at that time. During the 2008 presidential election, the band members supported Barack Obama. In a news bulletin in early 2009, the band said: "Few things are more exciting than watching Bush finally release America as his eight year hostage."

On 23 May 2007 Rise Against said they have an endorsement of a new line of Vans shoes. They said that the shoes would be "completely vegan in consideration to [their] animal rights efforts". Because people criticized them due to rumors that Vans' use sweatshops, Rise Against said on their MySpace profile and website,


Siren Song of the Counter Culture

Siren Song of the Counter Culture is the third album by American punk rock band Rise Against. It was released on August 10, 2004. It is the band's first release on a major label. The album sold very well, mainly because of the success of its single, "Swing Life Away", which reached number 12 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, making it the band's highest-ranking single at the time. Also faring well were the album's other three singles, "Give It All" (number 37) and "Life Less Frightening" (number 33) and "Paper Wings". Despite its big commercial success, Siren Song of the Counter Culture is not Rise Against's highest charting album on the Billboard 200, peaking at number 136; subsequent albums The Sufferer & The Witness and Appeal to Reason both charted higher, peaking at number 10 and number 3. The album was awarded Gold by the RIAA on March 10, 2009.


13. "Obstructed View" - 2:01 <br>
14. "Fix Me (Black Flag cover)" - 0:54

Redbone Coonhound

A Redbone Hound is a breed of dog. The breed is used for hunting bear, raccoon, and other wild game.

Roger Goodell

Roger Goodell (born February 19, 1959) is the current commissioner of the National Football League (NFL). He has held this position since August 8, 2006 when he took over duties for the retiring Paul Tagliabue.

As the commissioner, he has focused on how players behave off of the field, making more rules that can lead to players who get into trouble off of the field or with the law being fined or suspended.

Pepperjack cheese

Pepper jack cheese is a type of Monterey Jack cheese that is made with spicy hot peppers for flavour. Pepperjack is a spicy, buttery cheese that is soft and has a tart flavour.

Nick Jr.

Nick Jr. (sometimes called Nick Jr. on Nickelodeon or Nick Jr. on Nick) is a block of TV shows on Nickelodeon every weekday morning. It started on January 4, 1988. The shows in this block are specially for preschoolers. Most of the shows are educational. Shows like "Blue's Clues", "Dora the Explorer", "The Backyardigans" and "" were made for the Nick Jr. block.

A separate Nick Jr. Channel started on September 28, 2009. It plays many of the same shows as the block. Both the block and the channel are still airing.

The block started playing on Nickelodeon on January 4, 1988. In 2009, a separate channel was started (the Nick Jr. Channel), and it was named after the block. The US version did not had the similar graphs, promos or design as the UK, Italy or Australia except the logo. Currently it airs some early and late Nick Jr. shows. The new logo is a lot different then the block's logo.

Launched on September 1, 1993 as the first Nick Jr. channel. Until 1999 But it was in widescreen it aired from 6:00a.m. to 8:00p.m. Then in February 2002 a classic children's programming block called Nick Jr. Classics was launched, airing was also increased to 10:00p.m. After Nick Jr. Classics was Closed in 2019, it began airing for 24 hours.

There is a similar service titled Nick Jr. Too. It launched in April 2002 as Nick Jr. 2, but the name was changed in November 2014.

Launched on March 2004. The Australian version includes some PBS Kids series like "WordWorld" and "Sid the Science Kid".

Similar to the US version. Launched on January 26, 2010. Name stylized as Nickelodeon Junior so it doesn't sound like a French swear word.

Launched on July 1, 2018, like US version it have the late Nick JR shows, name stylized as Nick JR.

Joey Tempest

Joey Tempest (born Rolf Magnus Joakim Larsson; August 19, 1963) is the singer and main songwriter of the Swedish rock band Europe.


Commune

Commune is a word that can have different meanings:


Computus

Computus (Latin for "computation") is the method for calculating the date of Easter. In the early 4th century there was confusion about when Christian Easter or the Resurrection should be celebrated.

At the Arles Council, in 314, was obliged to all the Christianity to celebrate Easter the same day, and that this date was going to be assigned by the Pope, that was going to send epistles to all the churches in the world with the necessary instructions. However, not all the congregations followed those precepts.
In the First Council of Nicaea, in 325, this subject was solved.

Was established that the Resurrection Easter had to be celebrated fulfilling some norms:

However, there still were discussions between the Roman Church and the Alexandrian Church, while the Nicaea Council said that the Alexandria Church was right, they had to calculate the date (in Alexandria), then communicate it to Rome. The Roman Church had to spread the "computus" to the rest of the Christianity.

Let's define 5 variables, "a", "b", "c", "d", and "e". In addition to two constants, "M" and "N", so the years between 1900 and 2100 take the values 24 and 5, respectively. We'll call "A" the year that we want to calculate the Easter date.

If "d" + "e" < 10, the Easter date will be in March ("d" + "e" + 22). If opposed ("d" + "e" > 9), will be in April ("d" + "e" − 9).

There are 2 exceptions:


The values for M and N for years before 1900 or after 2100 can be obtained from the following table:


Cardenal Caro

Cardenal Caro is a Chilean province. Is the only province in the Region of O'Higgins that has instant access to the sea. It has a population of 41,160 inhabitants. It has a surface of 3.295,07 km². Its capital is Pichilemu, main turistic place of the region during the summer months. In the past, it was part of the Province of Colchagua. The province is named after José Maria Caro, the first Chilean Catholic cardinal.

The province has 6 communes:


Punta de Lobos

Punta de Lobos () is a Chilean beach 6 km south of Pichilemu and 177 km southwest of Rancagua, in the Province of Cardenal Caro, Region of O'Higgins.

It has a fine and gray sand. The beach is surrounded by In addition to its fine gray sand, its principal characteristic is that its surrounded by cliffs that are 50 metres high. The famous rocks of the beach are frequently visited by sea-lions. The beach is perfect for bathing and shore fishing. It is also a good place for surfing and kiteboarding practice, especially in winter. The sea waves at the beach oscillate between the two and three height meters, and allows the surfers to select their perfect waves.

The Author's Farce

Henry Fielding wrote the play The Author's Farce and the Pleasures of the Town. It was first acted on 30 March 1730 in the Haymarket Theatre. The play responds to the rejection of Fielding's early plays and was his first success.

Harry Luckless is the main character of the play. He tries to write a play in the first act and completes the play in the second act. It is a puppet play called "The Pleasures of the Town". Many theatres do not accept the play but it is later shown within the third act. The play is about the puppet character Goddess Nonsense who wants a husband. The end of "The Author's Farce" combines the characters of the puppet play and the main play for humour.

Fielding became a popular writer in London after "The Author's Farce". The Haymarket Theatre let him experiment with his plays and Fielding changed the comedy genre. The puppet play within the main play made fun of other London plays. "The Author's Farce" was first a success. Then, it was ignored by critics until the 20th century. Critics focused on the play's effects on Fielding's work.

"The Author's Farce" has three acts. The play begins with Harry Luckless wanting a relationship with his landlady's daughter Harriot. Also, he is a writer and he is writing a play. The start of the play is like Fielding's other plays but the rest of the play is different. Luckless wants to be a good writer but he cannot make money. Other people want to give Luckless money but he does not want it. When Luckless's friend Witmore pays Luckless's rent, Luckless steals the money back. In the second act, Luckless asks for help to finish his puppet play "The Pleasures of the Town". However, people give him bad advice and theatres reject the play. Later, a theatre shows the play. The third act is the puppet play. The puppets are acted by real people and not puppets.

The third act is the puppet play and is a play within a play. It takes place along the River Styx and starts with the Goddess of Nonsense wanting a husband. There are many possible husbands there and they are stupid. They are Dr Orator, Sir Farcical Comic, Mrs Novel, Bookseller, Poet, Monsieur Pantomime, Don Tragedio, and Signior Opera. She selects Signior Opera after he sings for her. He is an opera signior and a castrato. Mrs Novel claims that she and Signior Opera had a child. This makes the Goddess of Nonsense angry but she forgives Signior Opera. The puppet play is stopped by the characters Constable and Murdertext. They want to arrest Luckless for hurting the Goddess of Nonsense. Mrs Novel asks for the play to be completed and they agree. However, a person from the land of Bantam stops the play and says that Luckless is the prince of Bantam. Another messenger comes and says that the King of Bantam died and Luckless is the new king. Luckless is told that his landlady is the Queen of Old Brentford and her daughter Harriot is a princess. The play ends with four poets saying how they would end the play. They are stopped by a cat that looks like a person. The cat person ends the play.

"The Author's Farce" show parts of Fielding's life and experience with the London theatre community. Some of his other plays were rejected from the Theatre Royal. "The Author's Farce" was put on at a small theatre. This allowed Fielding to experiment. He could not experiment at larger theatres. The play was the first to have things found in his later plays. However, he did not come up with them all. He got many of his ideas from the Scriblerus Club. Their members were Alexander Pope, Jonathan Swift, John Gay, and John Arbuthnot. One idea is his character Nonsense. She is similar to Pope's character Dulness in the "Dunciad". Both characters promote bad writing. Fielding gave Nonsense a sexual aspect. It is funny when she chooses as a lover a man who is sexless. Other parts of the play are similar to Gay's "Beggar's Opera".

The play is a farce. Farces use slapstick and physical humour to be funny. They also use absurd plots. A farce also makes serious situations funny. Fielding thought that theatre was becoming bad. He mocked theatre and theatre audiences in his play. His character Luckless states that for someone to become successful they must write nonsense. His only desire is to make money. Other characters feel that money is all that matters. They do not care about good writing. Even Harriot believes that a good lover is one who is rich. Fielding made the same claims about people when he attacked Samuel Richardson's novel, "Pamela".

The ending of the play merges real and fake. Fielding defends an old view of writing. He also attacks new types of writing. He uses puppets to represent various genres. He made fun of people liking Italian opera. The puppet character Signior Opera is a castrato. Castratos are men without testicles. The character Nonsense wants him as a lover. Mrs Novel says that Signior Opera had a baby with her. However, Signior Opera can't have sex or have babies. Fielding is mocking how women like Italian opera singers. Other writers mocked Italian opera singers. William Hogarth says the castratos are related to politics. Many other writers make fun of women who favour castratos.

The play uses characters and ideas from Fielding's life. The characters Marplay and Sparkish manage the theatre. They offer Luckless poor advice on how to write a play. Then also reject Luckless's play. This is what Colley Cibber and Robert Wilks did to Fielding. They rejected his play "The Temple Beau". When Wilks died Fielding changed the play. He removed Sparkish. He added a character like Theophilus Cibber, the son of Colley. The character was like Theopilus during the Actor Rebellion of 1733.

Luckless and Mrs. Moneywood is similar to Fielding with Jan Oson. Oson was his landlord during 1729. When staying with Oson, Fielding owed a lot of money. Fielding fled to London and Oson took his property to pay for the debt. Mrs Moneywood does the same in the play. Characters in the puppet play are based on real people. Mrs Novel is Eliza Haywood. Signior Opera is Senesino. Bookweight is similar to Edmund Curll. Orator is John Henley. Monsieur Pantomime is John Rich. Don Tragedio is Lewis Theobald. Sir Farcical Comick is of Colley Cibber as an actor.

Fielding also used literary sources. His plot is like George Farquhar's "Love and a Bottle" (1698). Both talk about a writing and a landlady. They have many differences. Fielding took from the writing of the Scriblerus Club and other plays. Luckless's life is similar to characters in John Dryden's "The Rehearsal" (1672), Farquhar's "Love and a Bottle" (1698), James Ralph's "The Touch-Stone" (1728), and Richard Savage's "An Author to be Lett" (1729). The play has similar ideas to "Dunciad Variorum". He also borrowed from Gay's "Three Hours after Marriage" (1717) and "The Beggar's Opera" (1728). Fielding's play also influenced other works. They included the revised "Dunciad" and Gay's "The Rehearsal at Goatham".

The play was successful. Fielding became a popular writer. It was shown with "Tom Thumb". That helped it be liked. "The Pleasures of the Town" was the most liked part. The "Daily Post" newspaper said it was approved by all. A newspaper that didn't like Fielding also said that the play was liked. Many well-known people and royalty in Britain saw the show. John Perceval, 1st Earl of Egmont said that the play was "full of humour, with some wit." The play was rarely mentioned later in the 18th century. This was true in the 19th century. The play was printed again a few times. Leslie Stephen and Austin Dobson studied the play. They looked at what the play said about Fielding's life.

20th-century critics agreed with Dobson. Many of the critics like Charles Woods talked about the play as part of Fielding's writing career. He also said the work was not political. Later critics agreed with Woods. Many modern critics approved of the play. They are Wilbur Cross, Frederick Homes Dudden, Ian Donaldson, Pat Rogers, Robert Hume, Martin and Ruthe Battestin, Harold Pagliaro, and Thomas Lockwood. Some critics liked the play but not all of it. They are J. Paul Hunter, Matthew Kinservik,

Henry Fielding wrote "The Author's Farce" in 1729. It was made after the Theatre Royal rejected his plays. Advertisements were put in the 18 March 1730 "Daily Post" and in the 21 March 1730 "Weekly Medley and Literary Journal". They said that actors were practicing the play. An advertisement in the 23 and 26 "Daily Post" said the play would have a puppet play. The advertisement also said prices will be high. That suggests that the play would be popular. The first show was on 30 March 1730, Easter Monday. It took place at the Little Theatre and was shown 41 times. On 6 April 1730, the play "The Cheats of Scapin" was shown with it.

Fielding changed "The Author's Farce". The new play was shown on 21 April 1730 with Fielding's play "Tom Thumb". They were shown together in May and June 32 times. They were shown again on 3 July 1730. On 1 August 1730, the last act of the play was shown for the Tottenham Court fair. An advertisement in the "Daily Post" on 17 October 1730 said the play had a new prologue. The changed play was shown on 21 October. It was changed again then it was replaced by the play "The Beggar's Wedding" by Charles Coffey. The play came back on 18 November 1730. Only the first and second act were shown between November and January. During this time, it was shown with the play "Damon and Phillida". "Damon and Phillida" was stopped and the play "The Jealous Taylor" was added on 13 January 1731. "The Author's Farce" was shown from January to March 1731. It was shown again with a new prologue on 10 May 1731. The new prologue is now gone.

"The Author's Farce" was shown with "The Tragedy of Tragedies" on 31 March 1731. They were shown 6 times. The last regular show at the Little Theatre was 18 June 1731. It was shown one time on 12 May 1732. The last show of "The Author's Farce" as a regular play was on 28 March 1748. Theophilus Cibber ran the show. The last act "Pleasures of the Town" was shown on its own. It was shown 16 times at Norwich after 1749. Also, it was shown at York in 1751 to 1752. The whole play was acted by puppets many times. Thomas Yeates had puppet shows called "Punch's Oratory, or The Pleasures of the Town" after 1734.

Fielding changed "The Author's Farce" at the end of 1733. He added a new prologue and epilogue. Fielding changed it after the Actor Rebellion of 1733. The 8 January 1734 "Daily Journal" had an advertisement. It said "The Author's Farce" would be shown at the Theatre Royal. It was shown six times. The cast was not as good as the first cast. It was shown 4 times with the play "The Intriguing Chambermade" and 2 times with the play "The Harlot's Progress". The changed "The Author's Farce" was printed with "The Intriguing Chambermade" and a letter written by an unknown author. The changed "The Author's Farce" was printed again in 1750 until 1966. Arthur Murphy printed the play in 1762 in "Works of Henry Fielding". George Saintsbury printed the play in 1893 in "Works of Henry Fielding". G. H. Maynadier printed act one and two in 1903 in "Works of Henry Fielding".

Play:

Internal puppet show:

Play:

Internal puppet show:


WWE Cruiserweight Championship (1991–2007)

The WWE Cruiserweight Championship was a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment. It was competed for by cruiserweights at no more than a weight of 220 pounds and was originally a World Championship Wrestling title. During its time in WWE, it was only competed for on the SmackDown brand.

A new WWE Cruiserweight Championship was created in 2016. The title did not continue the history of WWE's old Cruiserweight Championship.

Following the title's introduction in 1991 as the WCW Light Heavyweight Championship, a tournament was held to determine the first champion. On October 27, Brian Pillman beat Richard Morton in the tournament final to win the title. However, it was vacated on September 2, 1992, due to Brad Armstrong's knee injury during his reign. Then, on March 20, 1996, Shinjiro Ohtani beat Chris Benoit in another tournament final to win the WCW Cruiserweight Championship. 

In March 2001, World Wrestling Federation Entertainment, Inc. (WWF) purchased World Championship Wrestling. Following this, the "Invasion" angle happened, in which WCW was "destroyed". During the "Invasion", only four WCW championship titles remained active, including the WCW Cruiserweight title. On July 30, the WCW Cruiserweight Championship and the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship were both competed for in what was called a unification match. The reigning WWF Light Heavyweight Champion, X-Pac, beat the WCW Cruiserweight Champion, Billy Kidman. However, the titles were still defended separately after that. After the end of the Invasion at Survivor Series 2001, the WCW Cruiserweight Championship remained active and was renamed the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) Cruiserweight Championship, while the Light Heavyweight Title was retired.

In March 2002, when the brand extension started, the championship became exclusive to the SmackDown! brand. On May 6, the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) changed its name to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) after the company lost a lawsuit from the World Wildlife Fund over the WWF trademark. So the championship was renamed to WWE Cruiserweight Championship. After six months without a champion, on March 3, 2008, WWE removed the championship from the active championship web page, where originally the title was listed as "vacant." Afterward, the title was removed from the active titles list on WWE's title histories web page to the defunct (or retired) championship list. In this way, the title was quietly retired. As a result, Hornswoggle is the last WWE Cruiserweight Champion.


Henry Fielding

Henry Fielding (22 April 1707 – 8 October 1754) was an English writer and magistrate. He was born in Sharpham, Somerset, attended Eton College then later the University of Leiden in Holland. He left Leiden in debt and eventually drifted to London to work in the theatre, and was a prolific playwright, becoming one of London's most popular writers until 1737 when his career was ended by The Licensing Act, which required all plays to be performed only in patent theatres and to be approved by the Lord Chamberlain. Fielding's sharp satire was one of several reasons the First Minister Wapole pushed through The Act. 

Fielding then turned to the law and trained to be a barrister. During this time he continued writing and editing. 

During his later writing career he produced three novels and is considered, along with Samuel Richardson, a founder of the modern novel. "Tom Jones" and "Joseph Andrews" were written in a picaresque style. "Amelia", his last novel, was more sombre. He as well published in1743 a work of extended political irony, The Life and Death of the Late Jonathan Wild, the Great - a political satire. 

In 1749 he was made justice of the peace and magistrate for Westminster and Middlesex where he, and later with his half brother John Fielding, introduced innovations in criminal apprehension, gathering a small band of "thief takers" who were supported with money from the secret service. These men were known as "Mr Fielding's people", afterwards nicknamed "the Bow Street runners" (named after the Bow Street house where Fielding lived and held court, which later became Bow Street Magistrate's Court) and eventually evolved into The Metropolitan Police Force. 

Henry had suffered from gout and most probably cirrhosis of the liver (he was a very heavy drinker despite his remarkable energy and abilities) from his late 30s and by 1753 was very ill, his health made worse by overwork and long hours in the courtroom. In 1754 he resigned his post as magistrate, which was taken over by his half-brother John Fielding (later Sir John Fielding) and journeyed to Lisbon, Portugal to try to recover, but soon thereafter died and is buried in the English Cemetery. His last gift to the world was a humorous account of the travails of travel and sea,"The Journal of a Voyage to Lisbon" - a triumph of courage and humour in the face of his fatal illness. 

Lady Susan

Lady Susan is an early epistolary novel (novel in letters) by Jane Austen. It tells the story of an unscrupulous coquette (flirtatious woman) widow who does not care about the feelings of other men. She wrote it when she was writing her first version of "Sense and Sensibility" (which was at that time called "Elinor and Marianne"), and which was also at first, like "Lady Susan", written in letter form. She was at this time 20 years old.

The epistolary novel had been popular in the 18th century, but it was not the best style of writing for Jane Austen's talents (which is why all her major novels were written in the third-person narrative style). She admired Richardson very much (all of his books are written in letters, like "Pamela (novel)" and "Clarissa (novel)"), and she also admired Frances Burney's style, but none of their styles came naturally to her. She pointed out at the end of "Lady Susan": "This correspondence (letter-writing), by a meeting between some of the parties (people) and a separation between the others could not, to the great detriment of the Post Office...be continued longer."

In those days, girls spent some time each day especially to write letters, so a story through letters is much more realistic than it would be today. People like Frances Burney wrote letters that were witty and full of information, so that her diaries and letters were later published. The letters of William Cowper, too, are famous. Jane Austen's letters, however, are private letters about family matters, such as sick babies, partners at balls, beef, and raspberry bushes.

Lady Susan Vernon is a beautiful and charming(someone who can please and attract someone else)recent widow. She visits her brother-in-law and sister-in-law,Charles and Catherine Vernon, with little prior notice at Churchill, their house. Catherine is not happy, as Lady Susan, a long time ago, had tried to prevent her marriage to Charles. Catherine's unwanted guest has also been described to her as "the most accomplished(very skilled in something) coquette(a flirtatious woman) in England". 

Catherine's brother Reginald arrives a week later, and despite Catherine's strong warnings about Lady Susan's character, soon falls in love with her. Lady Susan toys with(to think about something not very seriously)the younger man's affections for her own enjoyment. Later, because she thinks it makes her sister-in-law, Catherine worried. She writes to her confidante(someone who you trust with your secrets), Mrs. Johnson. Mrs. Johnson recommends Lady Susan to marry Reginald, but Lady Susan considers him to be not as good as Mr. Manwaring, whom she flirts with. 

Frederica, Lady Susan's 16-year-old daughter, tries to run away from school when she learns of her mother's plan to marry her off to a rich but dull man, she does not like. The man is Sir James Martin. She then also becomes a guest at Churchill. Catherine comes to like her, and finds out that her character is unlike her mother's. As time goes by, she detects Frederica's growing attachment to the oblivious(not aware of about what is happening around someone) Reginald.

Later, Sir James Martin shows up uninvited(arriving somewhere without being asked to), which makes Frederica unhappy. Lady Susan is annoyed by this. When Frederica begs Reginald for support. She had been forbidden by Lady Susan to ask Charles and Catherine. This causes a disagreement between Reginald and Lady Susan, but the Lady Susan soon repairs the relationship.

Lady Susan decides to return to London and marry her daughter off to Sir James. Reginald follows, still in love with her and intent on marrying her, but he encounters Mrs. Manwaring at the home of Mr. Johnson and finally learns Lady Susan's true character. Lady Susan ends up marrying Sir James herself, and allows Frederica to live with Charles and Catherine at Churchill, where Reginald De Courcy could like her too. 

A Girl Like Me: The Gwen Araujo Story

A Girl Like Me: The Gwen Araujo Story is a 2006 LGBT biography television movie that was directed by Agnieszka Holland and was shown on the Lifetime Television network. The story is about the real life murder of Gwen Araujo, a transgender teenager who was murdered after some people that she knew found out that she had male sex organs. Scenes showing the murder trial are shown alternating with the story of Gwen's life.

The movie stars J.D. Pardo as Gwen, Mercedes Ruehl as her mother, and Avan Jogia as her brother, Danny. It first aired on the Lifetime Television network on June 19, 2006.


Crime and Punishment

Crime and Punishment is a novel by Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky. It was the first great novel of his mature period.

It was first published in the literary journal "The Russian Messenger" in 12 monthly series in 1866. It was later published in a single volume. It is the second of Dostoevsky's novels, written after he returned from his punishment (exile in Siberia). 

"Crime and Punishment" is about the troubles of Raskolnikov, a young man living in St. Petersburg. He used to be a student, but he became so poor he had to stop studying. He plans to kill a selfish old pawnbroker for her money, and he acts on his plan. Raskolnikov argues that with her money he can do good things, and that he was simply killing a person who was not worth anything. He also murdered her to test his idea that some people are naturally better than others and have the right to murder. Several times in the novel, Raskolnikov justifies himself by comparing himself to Napoleon, saying that murder is allowed for a higher purpose.

However, after he kills the pawnbroker, questions which he cannot answer and feelings he had not expected terrify him. He feels separated from mankind, nature, and truth. Because of this, he decides at last to confess to the police and accept suffering.

Dostoevsky began the idea of "Crime and Punishment" in the summer of 1865. This was after he had gambled away much of his money. Because of this, he could not pay his bills or eat properly. He owed large sums of money to creditors, and was also trying to help the family of his brother Mikhail. Mikhail had died in early 1864. He began writing it under the title "The Drunkards". He wanted to write about "the current problem of drunkenness". However, when Dostoevsky began writing about Raskolnikov's crime, the theme of crime and punishment became his main subject instead.

Dostoevsky offered his story to the publisher Mikhail Katkov. At the time, he did not think of "Crime and Punishment" as a novel. Famous writers such as Ivan Turgenev and Leo Tolstoy often used Katkov's monthly journal, "The Russian Messenger", to print their writings. Dostoevsky, though, had argued with Katkov in the early 1860s, and had never printed anything in the journal. Finally, Dostoevsky asked Katkov for help when others would not print his book. In September 1865, Dostoevsky wrote a letter to Katkov. In the letter, he explained to him that "Crime and Punishment" was going to be about a young man who believes in "certain strange, 'unfinished' ideas, yes floating in the air". He also said that he wanted to study the moral and psychological dangers of "radical" ideas. In letters written in November 1865 an important change had happened: the "story" has become a "novel", From then on, Dostoevsky always spoke of "Crime and Punishment" as a novel.

Dostoevsky had to write very quickly to finish both "The Gambler" and "Crime and Punishment". Anna Snitkina, a stenographer whom he later married, helped him very much. The first part of "Crime and Punishment" appeared in January 1866 in "The Russian Messenger". The last part was published in December 1866.
When Dostoevsky's complete writings were published in the Soviet Union, the editors put together the notebooks that Dostoevsky kept while he was working on "Crime and Punishment" and printed it. They printed the notebooks in the same order as the book was written. Through their efforts, there is now a small part of how Dostoevsky first imagined "Crime and Punishment" to be written. There are also two other versions of the story. They are called the Wiesbaden edition, the Petersburg edition, and the final (last) plan. A part of a change in the story was that instead of the story being told by a character inside it, it was written as if many uninvolved people were writing it (this was a form of writing that Dostoevsky made up). The Wiesbaden edition is mostly about the reaction of the writer to his murder. It is quite similar to the story that Dostoevsky described in his letter to Katkov, and was written like a diary or journal. It had the same story as what later became part II.

Raskolnikov is a mentally insecure student who has stopped going to university. He lives in a very small, rented room in Saint Petersburg. He does not let anyone help him, not even his friend Razumihin. He plans to kill and steal money from an old pawnbroker and moneylender, Alyona Ivanovna, but it is not clear why he wants to kill her yet. While he is thinking about this plan, Raskolnikov meets Semyon Zakharovich Marmeladov, a sad drunkard who recently spent all of his poor family's money on drinking. He also gets a letter from his mother. His mother says that she will soon visit St. Petersburg. She writes about his sister's sudden engagement, saying that they will talk about it when they arrive.

After thinking, Raskolnikov goes to Alyona Ivanovna's apartment. There, he murders her with an axe. Her quiet half-sister, Lizaveta, comes inside. Surprised, Raskolnikov quickly kills her, too. Frightened by what he has done, he leaves most of Alyona Ivanovna's wealth behind, only stealing a few things and a small purse. He then runs away without being seen by anybody.

After his murder, Raskolnikov is filled with worry. He hides the things he stole under a rock and tries to clean away the blood from his clothes. After a short visit to his friend Razumihin, he becomes sick with a fever and seems to wish to betray himself. Whenever anyone speaks of the murder of the pawnbroker, he acts strangely.



Criticism

Online text

OCLC

OCLC, Inc. is a library service and research organization. It helps people find more information and helps libraries work. It was started on July 6, 1967 as the not-for-profit Ohio College Library Center. Later its name changed to Online Computer Library Center as it grew. In 2017, its name changed to OCLC, Inc. 30,000+ libraries in 100+ countries are members of OCLC. The organization was started by Fred Kilgour. Its head office is in Dublin, Ohio, U.S.A. It makes WorldCat, a very big online catalog (a list of books and things like books).

OCLC gives a special number (called "OCN" for "OCLC Control Number") to every new record in WorldCat. A record is metadata about books and things like books. Every record has a different number. There are more than a billion numbers, and there are more every day. Old numbers are small and new numbers are big.

OCNs help find books and things like books that do not have ISBNs. Many books from before 1970 do not have ISBNs. OCNs are often used for books in Wikipedia and Wikidata.

The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe

The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a book written by C. S. Lewis. It is set in an imaginary place called Narnia, where the main characters who are brothers and sisters are led into by the back of a wardrobe (closet). It is the second book by order in the Narnia series after "The Magician's Nephew", but is the first book published in the series.

Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy Pevensie leave London during World War II to live in the country. While playing in the house, Lucy hides in a wardrobe. She finds that it leads to a different land. There, she meets a faun (half-goat, half-man) named Mr. Tumnus. While having tea, he tells her that the land is called Narnia. It is ruled by the White Witch, who makes it always winter, but never Christmas. When Lucy returns to the wardrobe after many hours, she finds that only a few seconds have passed in England. Her brothers and sister do not believe her and the wardrobe has closed so they cannot go into Narnia. 

Many weeks later, Lucy comes back to the wardrobe during a game of hide-and-seek. Edmund follows her into Narnia, but cannot find her. Instead, he meets a lady. She says she is the Queen of Narnia and gives him Turkish Delight. She promises to make him prince if he will bring the other children to her castle. After she leaves, Edmund finds Lucy. When she talks about the White Witch, he thinks that it is the lady he met. When they get back to England, Edmund lies to Peter and Susan and says they did not go to Narnia. This makes Lucy upset. 

Later, they are all hiding from the housekeeper and go into the wardrobe. This time they all go into Narnia. When Lucy leads them to Tumnus's cave, they find that he is arrested and his cave destroyed. Two talking beavers shelter the children. They also tell them about a prophecy that the witch will fail when two Sons of Adam (human males) and two Daughters of Eve (human females) sit on the thrones at Cair Paravel, Narnia's ruling castle. The beavers also tell them about Aslan, the true king of Narnia. He is a great lion and has been gone for many years, but has come back. 

Edmund sneaks away to go to the witch. When they find out, the children and beavers go to find Aslan. The witch is mean to Edmund because he did not bring his siblings and leaves to chase them. The winter is starting to warm into spring and she is stopped by the thaw. The children find Aslan and rescue Edmund just before the witch kills him. He is very sorry for following her. The witch says that Edmund must be given back to her because of an old law. The law says that all traitors (people who break trust) belong to her. Aslan gives himself in place. He is killed, but comes back to life through an even older law. This one says that if someone who has not committed the crime willingly takes the punishment, he will come back to life. 

In a big fight, the witch is killed by Aslan. The children are kings and queens in Narnia for 15 years, growing into adults. Then they return to England through the wardrobe and are kids again. No time has passed.

Peter Pevensie is the oldest Pevensie. He does not believe about Narnia until he sees it. He receives a sword and shield from Father Christmas. He kills a wolf, Maugrim, the head of the witch's police. He is call "Sir Peter, Wolf's-Bane" because of this. In the end, he is High King of Narnia. He is called King Peter the Magnificent (grand).

Susan Pevensie is second oldest. Like Peter, she does not believe in Narnia until they go there. She receives a gift from Father Christmas, a magical horn along with a bow and arrow that is promised to never miss if she trusts in them. At the end of the book, she is called Queen Susan the Gentle. She is the prettiest.

Edmund Pevensie is the third child. He likes the White Witch because she gives him sweets and promises to make him prince. He is sorry for that. When he is King, he is known as King Edmund the Just. 
Lucy Pevensie is the youngest Pevensie child. She is the first to find Narnia. She is very good friends with Mr.Tumnus. She receives a knife and a fire flower potion, which can heal any wound. At the end of the book she is known of Queen Lucy the Valiant (brave). 
The White Witch is the false queen of Narnia. She makes it always winter, but never Christmas. She can turn things to stone. She is afraid of the children and Aslan, because they should be the rulers. 
Aslan is the true king of Narnia and a lion. He gives himself to save Edmund, but comes back to life through an old law called the "Deeper Magic". In the battle, he kills the witch. He leaves after the children are crowned. Aslan also supports Partick Thistle.


Belinda

Belinda can mean:


People:

Life Less Frightening

"Life Less Frightening" was the third single from the Chicago punk rock band Rise Against, from their 2004 album, "Siren Song of the Counter Culture". It is the third track on the album. It runs about 3 minutes and 44 seconds.

The lyrics of the song tell of the horrors of the world and a longing for a "life less frightening" ("...I'm soaking with the sins of knowing what's gone wrong...") and tells that lack of action will only cause the problems to worsen ("Time again I have found myself stuttering/Foundations pulled out from under me.").

The Sufferer &amp; The Witness

The Sufferer & the Witness is the fourth album by American punk rock band Rise Against. The album was released on July 4, 2006. It was their second release on popular label, Geffen Records. The album follows 2004's "Siren Song of the Counter Culture". It sold 48,000 copies in its first week, debuting at number 10 on the Billboard 200. It has been awarded Gold by the RIAA.

The song "Drones" was used for WWE's 2007 Royal Rumble's theme song.

After the good reviews of their big label debut, "Siren Song of the Counter Culture", and its single, "Swing Life Away", Rise Against came back to the studio in January 2006 to start their fourth studio album. The band had been writing songs and ideas during the "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" tour and had finished five songs by early December 2005. Also in December, it was said that Bill Stevenson would make the album at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado. The band began in January 2006 in Chicago. It was made with Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore for 12 weeks between January and April 2006. The band talked about the sound and release date of the album in April, saying, ""We're pretty excited and can't wait for you to hear it. You won't find any acoustic guitar on this one, but perhaps a few other surprises and curveballs await your curious ears...look for an early summer release."" The album's name was told in the same news release. It would be called "The Sufferer & the Witness". The album was mixed by Chris Lord-Alge in Los Angeles. It was finished in April 2006.


Alameda County, California

Alameda County is a county in the San Francisco Bay Area in state of California, USA. According to the 2020 population census, 1,682,353 people live in Alameda County. It is seventh biggest county in the state of California by population. Its county seat and largest city is Oakland.


Pepsi Twist

Pepsi Max Twist is a type of Pepsi Max made since 2001. It is lemon flavored. In the United Kingdom, Pepsi Twist is no longer sold. A "lemon and lime" kind also was made, under the Pepsi Max brand.

Epicureanism

Epicureanism is a philosophy based on the teachings of Epicurus. It started about 307 . Epicurus was a materialist who believed that material was made of atoms. The teaching about atoms was first started by Democritus. 

Epicurus forcefully attacked superstition. According to Epicurus, the gods are passive: They do not intervene in the world. Epicurus believed that the greatest good was to have certain pleasures, and to reach a state of mind where there is no fear and no pain. Epicureanism is a form of hedonism, which declares that pleasure is the only good there is. Epicureanism says that the absence of pain is the greatest pleasure; it also advocates a simple life. These ideas make it sufficiently different from "hedonism" as it is usually defined.

Epicurus spoke favorably about the enjoyment of simple pleasures; he also meant abstaining from bodily desires, such as sex and appetites, almost like asceticism. 

He argued that when eating, one should not eat too richly, for it could lead to dissatisfaction later, such as the grim realization that one could not afford such delicacies in the future. Likewise, sex could lead to increased lust and dissatisfaction with the sexual partner. Epicurus did not articulate a broad system of social morality that has survived.

Epicureanism was originally a challenge to Platonism, though later it became the main opponent of Stoicism. Epicurus and his followers shunned politics. Many Epicurean societies flourished in the late Hellenistic period and during the Roman era (such as those in Antiochia, Alexandria, Rhodes and Ercolano). 

The poet Lucretius was its best-known Roman proponent. By the end of the Roman Empire, having undergone Christian attack and repression, Epicureanism had all but died out, but was resurrected in the 17th century by the atomist Pierre Gassendi, who adapted it to the Christian doctrine.

Some writings by Epicurus have survived. Some scholars consider the epic poem "On the Nature of Things" by Lucretius presents in one work the core arguments and theories of Epicureanism. Many of the papyrus scrolls unearthed at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum are Epicurean texts. At least some are thought to have belonged to the Epicurean Philodemus.

Tilopa

Tilopa (Prakrit; Sanskrit: Talika or "Tilopada", 988–1069) was a tantric practitioner and mahasiddha. He was born in either Chativavo (Chittagong), Bengal or Jagora, Bengal into the Brahmin (priestly) caste. He had several teachers and meditated a lot under their guidance: Saryapa, Lawapa, Indrabhuti, Matanga, Nagarjuna . Finaly he reached Mahamudra or state of complete enlightement. Tilopa is regarded as founder of Kagyu lineage of Vajrayana Buddhism. His main student is Naropa.

Christmas Day (song)

"Christmas Day" is a song by the British musician Dido.



This Is the New Shit

"This Is the New Shit" is a 2003 industrial metal song by Marilyn Manson off their fifth album "The Golden Age of Grotesque". The bassist, Tim Sköld added some industrial beats to the song when he joined the band in 2002.

Many movies, TV shows and video games have used the song including:


Ground Combat Vehicle

The Ground Combat Vehicle (GCV) is the U.S. Army's replacement program for heavy tracked and wheeled armored fighting vehicles. The GCV is part of the "Follow On Incremental Capabilities Package" of the BCT Modernization program. The vehicle of the vehicle family is to be built by 2015 and given out by 2017. It replaced the canceled Future Combat Systems, manned ground vehicles program.

The GCV family will be built around one or more common vehicle bodies.

The GCV would have a very advanced communications system.

The vehicle will be heavy and large but it must be moved by aircraft, rail and ship. The GCV will have good off-road mobility while remaining fuel efficient.

The type and caliber of the weapons are still secret. The Army has only said that there will be lethal and non-lethal means to help with missions in both civilian and non-civilian places.

The Army would like the GCV to have good bomb protection and would like it to be able to destroy enemy missiles.

The U.S. Army wants a troop carrier and a "secondary vehicle". The Army will ask for more variants later.

The IFV will replace the M113 APC by 2018, the M2 Bradley and the Stryker ICV later. The IFV will hold a crew of three and a squad of nine people.

The "secondary vehicle" is listed on the "Work Breakdown Structure" document. So far, no details have been released about the use of this vehicle.


Hayley Wickenheiser

Hayley Wickenheiser, OC, (born August 12, 1978 in Shaunavon, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian women's ice hockey forward. She is the first woman to play full-time pro hockey in a position other than goaltender.

She plays for the Canada women's national ice hockey team. She has represented Canada at 5 Winter Olympic Games, winning the gold medal four times and the silver medal once. She was named tournament MVP twice. She has also played softball for Canada at the 2000 Summer Olympics. Wickenheiser has the most gold medals of any Canadian Olympian. She is considered to be the greatest female ice hockey player in the world.

On February 20, 2014, She was chosen to be a part of the International Olympic Committee's athlete commission.


Novaya Zemlya

Novaya Zemlya () is an archipelago in the Arctic Ocean in the north of Russia and the extreme northeast of Europe. The archipelago is made of a north island and a south island; it separates the Barents Sea from the Kara Sea. There is a narrow channel, called Matochkin Strait that separates the two islands. Both islands together are about 900 km long; they are between 470 and 1150 km north of the Arctic Circle. Today, 2716 people live on the islands. 2622 of them live in the capital "Belushya Guba" (on the south island)

The Russians knew of Novaya Zemlya from the 11th century, when hunters from Novgorod visited the area.

Novaya Zemlya is the northern part of the Ural Mountains and the interior is mountainous throughout. The northern island contains many glaciers, while the southern one has a tundra landscape.

In July 1954, Novaya Zemlya was designated the Novaya Zemlya Test Site. It was used as a test site throughout the cold war. In 1961 Tsar Bomba was dropped on the archipelago. The Tsar Bomb was the largest nuclear bomb ever made at 50 Mt. By contrast, the largest weapon ever produced by the United States, the now-decommissioned B41, had a predicted maximum yield of 25 Mt.


Trailer Park Boys

Trailer Park Boys is a Canadian mockumentary created by Mike Clattenburg. It is produced by Mike Clattenburg, Barrie Dunn and Michael Volpe. In Canada, it was shown on the Showcase. The series had thirteen seasons and ran from April 22, 2001 to December 7, 2008. It then restarted by on the streaming service SwearNet and released through Netflix from September 5, 2014 until March 30, 2018.

The series mainly follows three men Ricky, Julian, and Bubbles and their life inside the fictional Sunnyvale Trailer Park in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.

The television programme has spawned three movies: "Trailer Park Boys: The Movie" on 6 October 2006, "Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day" on 25 September 2009, and "Trailer Park Boys: Don't Legalize It".

TV.com rated the series a 10.

An animated show called "Trailer Park Boys: The Animated Series" started showing on Netflix on March 31, 2019. A spin-off called "" started on January 1, 2021. There was also a Christmas special released. It was the last show John Dunsworth was featured in before he died.


Chocolate chip cookie

A chocolate chip cookie is a drop cookie from the United States. Small portions of the dough are "dropped" from a spoon onto a baking sheet, then baked 10-15 minutes in a medium oven until done. Main ingredients in the original recipe are flour, butter, eggs, salt, vanilla extract, both brown and white sugar, and chocolate chips. Variants feature nuts, oatmeal, etc. Chocolate chip cookies can be made at home or purchased at bakeries and in stores.

The chocolate chip cookie was the accidental invention of Ruth Graves Wakefield. She and her husband owned and operated the Toll House Inn in Whitman, Massachusetts in the mid-1930s. Wakefield prepared meals and desserts. One day she was without Baker's Chocolate for a butter drop cookie recipe. She cut a Nestlé's semi-sweet chocolate bar into bits and added the bits to the dough, thinking the pieces would melt as the cookie baked. The bits did not melt completely, but they did soften. The result was called the Toll House Cookie. Nestlé printed the recipe on its packages of chocolate. Wakefield received a lifetime supply of Nestlé semi-sweet chocolate for her permission to print the recipe.

Chocolate chip cookies are made by using white sugar, brown sugar, flour, salt, eggs, baking soda, butter or shortening, and chocolate chips. Some cookies optionally add vanilla, milk, or nuts for more flavor.

The chocolate chips cookies was made by an accident. It's the most interesting fact in chocolate chips cookies. On one day, Ruth Graves Wakefield was baking cookies in the kitchen. She decided to add some broken chocolate bars pieces in the cookie batter. She thought chocolate bars would melt and become a chocolate cookie, but instead of chocolate cookies, chocolate chips cookies was born! 

Theo Waigel

Theo Waigel is (* 22 April 1939 in Oberrohr, Bavaria) a German Politician (CSU). He was the Finance Minister between 1988 and 1999 and the Chairman of the CSU, respectively.

Theo Waigel obtained his High School Degree at the Simpert-Kraemer-High School, in Swabian Krumbach Waigel immatriculated at the Facultys of Law and political Science in Munich, later in Wurzburg. He successfully earned his Bachelor of Law in 1963, in 1967 he obtained the Master of Law and finished with a PhD with his essay about the Constitutional system of the German especially the Bavarian Agriculture. The first job of Mr. Waigel was an Assessor for the Attorney General at the Regional Court in Munich I, in 1969 he took over a new assignment as a Personal Secretary for the State Secretary in The Finance Ministry, Bavaria. 
In 1970 he took over the same job in the Ministry of Transport.

After his political career, he worked for German Investment Counselling Inc. as well as the Electrical Company ENBW as a Member of the Board of Directors.

Theodor Waigel, married again. Irene Epple, his second wife, gave birth to three children.

In a short TV-serial, "The Affair Semmeling" from Dieter Wedel, he had a small guest role in his previous position as a Finance Minister.

Rei Ayanami

In the Italian dub she is voiced by Valentina Mari.

Congolian rainforests

The Congo rainforest in central Africa has one of the longest rivers in the world, the Congo River. The tropical rainforest covers most of the eastern part of the Congo. It is the second largest rainforest in the world and covers two million square kilometers (500 million acres) (the Amazon rainforest is the largest).

This forest and its river were the subject of a famous book called "The Heart of Darkness" by Joseph Conrad. Hunting and poaching has endangered many of the animals there, but the jungle itself is not being destroyed.

The basin of the Congo has 70% of Africa's plant cover. It makes up a large portion of Africa's biodiversity with over 600 tree species and 10,000 animal species.

Many unusual animals live in the Congo Basin. The two species of chimpanzee, for example, live only in the Congo rainforests. The large one is the common chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes"), and the smaller one is the bonobo ("Pan paniscus"). They live in different areas. Also, gorillas live in the rainforest of central Africa. The gorillas of the Congo rainforest are called "lowland gorillas". 

The hippopotamus is another animal that can be found in the Congo rainforest, usually in the river. Elephants also live in the rainforest, but only the smaller African forest elephant ("Loxodonta cyclotis"). Another animal in the Congo rainforest is the okapi. The okapi is an interesting species. It is related to the giraffe, but looks more like a zebra. There are other endemic or notable mammals, such as Allen's swamp monkey, the dryas monkey, the aquatic genet, and the Congo peafowl.

There are a variety of snakes, but snakes of the Congo basin are not so well known as those of the rest of Africa.

The Congolese forests cover southeastern Cameroon, eastern Gabon, the northern and central Republic of the Congo, the northern and central Democratic Republic of the Congo and portions of southern and southwestern Central African Republic.

To the north and south, the forests transition to drier forest-savanna mosaic, a mosaic of drier forests, savannas, and grasslands. To the west, the Congolese forests transition to the coastal Lower Guinean forests, which extend from western Gabon and Cameroon into southern Nigeria and Benin; these forests zones share many similarities, and are sometimes known as the Lower Guinean-Congolese forests. To the east, the lowland Congolese forests transition to the highland Albertine Rift montane forests, which cover the Mountains lining the Albertine Rift, a branch of the East African Rift system. The Congolese Forests are a global 200 ecoregion.

The Congo Rainforest is the world’s second largest tropical forest, spans six countries, and contains a quarter of the world’s remaining tropical forest. With annual forest loss of 0.3% during the 2000s, the region has the lowest deforestation rate of any major tropical forest zone.

There were lots of important kingdoms in the Congo region before the Europeans came there. The Kongo Empire was one of these. The Kongo was a group of small states near the mouth of the Congo river ruled by a king. That nation gave the river its name.
The Portuguese came to the Kongo for the first time in the 1480s. Portugal was sailing farther and farther along the coast of Africa to reach India and China on the other side. At first they made friends with the Kongo nation. They sent missionaries and ambassadors. Unfortunately, the friendship did not last. The Portuguese were more interested in making money than making friends. The Portuguese treated the people of the Kongo badly. The king of Kongo became a Christian and took the name Afonso. He wanted to learn from the Europeans and teach his people, but the Portuguese only wanted to use their friendship with Afonso to gain slaves to sell. Many people were sold as slaves, and within 100 years the kingdom of Kongo was destroyed.

The Portuguese could not sail up the river because of the waterfalls about 120km from the mouth. Also, the hot and wet tropical region was uncomfortable for Europeans. So, the Congo area was not explored or claimed again by any European country for many years.

In the 1850s a reporter named Henry Stanley went to find one of the most famous missionary/explorers in history, Dr. David Livingstone, who had disappeared into the jungle. Stanley became the first man known to have followed the Congo river across Africa to its source. He proved that there were many miles of navigable river above the waterfalls. His discoveries interested King Leopold of Belgium. The king hired him to build a road around the waterfalls and trading posts along the river itself. In this way, the king gained control of the river basin. In 1885, Leopold used his control of the river to claim all of the Congo as his own land.

The region was named the Congo Free State, but it was not free. King Leopold only cared about making money from the land. The people were treated cruelly. They were forced into slavery to build roads and gather rubber latex. When they did not do what their Belgian masters wanted, they were often killed. Missionaries in the Congo began to write letters and articles about the things that were happening.

Eventually the anger over what was happening forced the government of Belgium to take the land away from the king. It was renamed the Belgian Congo, but Belgium did not do very much to help the people. Catholic missionaries did set up schools, with the help from the government. But Europeans ran all the schools, businesses, army, large farms, and government.

Before World War II (1939-1945), almost all the countries of Africa were European colonies. After the war, these nations began to demand and receive their independence. Belgium did not want to give the Congo its independence, but after a fight in 1957, they made an agreement. The Congo became a free nation in June 1960.

Powerbomb

This page explains different types of powerbombs in professional wrestling.

This maneuver has a wrestler tuck an opponent's head in-between their legs, hook their arms lift them up, turning them in mid-air, and slam them down to the mat (ring).

Facebuster

This page explains different types of facebusters in professional wrestling.

This maneuver has a wrestler hook both their opponent's arms standing up stomach to back, lift them in the air, and then push them forwards so to make them move towards the ring face down with force.

This maneuver involves one opponent forcefully pushing the other until they are facing away from them. They then constrict the opponent's torso with their arms and kick the back of their knees, causing them to falter and fall forward, face first - with the opponent on top of them.

Professional wrestling attacks

This page describes the different types of attacks in professional wrestling.

A bell clap is a move where a wrestler slaps both of the ears of an opponent at the same time with the palms of their hands, mess up their balance. A bell clap is usually used to escape a bear hug.

A body press or splash, is a move where a wrestler falls against their opponent with the middle of their body. A body press can either be used from a running or a jumping position. It uses momentum and weight to impact the opponent, and most versions can be transitioned into a pin. It is a plancha in lucha libre.

A big splash is a type of splash where the wrestler jumps forwards and lands stomach-first on their downed opponent.

A body avalanche is where a wrestler charges into their opponent that is in the corner of the ring. The wrestler performing the body avalanche does not leave their feet during the move.

A crossbody or crossbody block is a move where a wrestler jumps onto their opponent and lands horizontally across their torso, forcing them to the mat and sometimes resulting in a pinfall attempt. There is also an aerial version, called the diving crossbody, where wrestler will leap from a high position towards their opponent.

A Lou Thesz press is a move where a wrestler jump towards a standing opponent and knocks them over, it results in the opponent lying on their back with the attacking wrestler sitting on the opponent's chest. A version of the Lou Thesz press involves the wrestler jumping on a running opponent and repeatedly striking the opponent in the face while in the mounted position. This version was made popular by Stone Cold Steve Austin. The original move was invented, popularized and named after Lou Thesz.

A stinger splash is where a wrestler runs at their opponent, who is upright in the corner, and jumps forward so that they splash their whole body stomach-first into their opponent, crushing them between the attacking wrestler and the turnbuckle. The move is also known as a corner splash.

A tilt-a-whirl crossbody is where a wrestler, that is being held and spun into a tilt-a-whirl by the opponent, falls down and pushes the opponent down back-first against the canvas after reaching a certain point where he is horizontally positioned against the opponent's torso. The move is uncommon and is a counter to the tilt-a-whirl backbreaker/tilt-a-whirl mat slam.

A vertical press is where a wrestler does a jumping attack against a standing opponent and lands against the opponent's upper body while remaining upright, and bringing them down to the mat into a vertical splash (seated senton) position.

A bronco buster is where a wrestler jumps in the corner on a seated opponent, straddles their opponent's body, and bounces up and down on their opponent's chest. The move is usually treated as having either comic or sexual meaning rather than as a legitimately painful move, the latter mostly true during some matches that involve female wrestlers.

The koronco buster is a move similar to the bronco buster where the wrestler jumps onto their standing opponent in the corner, straddles and sits on their opponent's chest, and rests their feet on the second rope. The attacking wrestler then follows up with mounted punches.

A backhand chop or knife edge chop is when a wrestler uses a backhand wing and slaps the chest of their opponent with the palm of their hand. The move was popularized by Ric Flair an the crowd always responds to a backhand chop with a "Wooo!" noise.

A cross chop is a version of the backhand chop where the wrestler runs and lunges forward in a crossbody-type position, crosses their arms in an "X" fashion and then hits a double backhand chop on the opponent.

A forehand chop, frying pan chop or open-hand chop is a move where the wrestler slaps the chest of their opponent with their forehand.

A kesagiri chop is a move where the wrestler does a downward diagonal backhand chop to the side of their opponents neck, collar bone or throat.

A Mongolian chop is a move where a wrestler 'karate chops' both of the opponent's shoulders and sides of the neck with their hands' edges in a swinging motion at the same time.

An overhead chop, brain chop or tomahawk chop is a move where a wrestler draws their hand back and hits their opponent vertically with a backhand chop. It usually hits the opponent's head.

A clothesline happens when a wrestler runs toward their opponent and extends their arm out to hitting the opponent in the neck or chest while knocking them over. It is often confused with a lariat.

A cactus clothesline is a type of clothesline that was used by Mick Foley during his "Cactus Jack" gimmick which it is named after. The wrestler performing the move charges at their opponent who is against the ring ropes and clotheslines them. Both the force and momentum of the charge knocks both the wrestler and their opponent over the top rope and onto the floor.

A corner clothesline is a move where a wrestler, instead of knocking into a standing opponent, charges against them in the corner.

A flying clothesline is where a wrestler runs towards their opponent, leaps into the air and hits a clothesline. There is another version of this where a wrestler leaps into the air and hits a clothesline on the opponent leaning against the corner turnbuckle.

A rebound clothesline is where the opponent run to the ropes on one side of the ring and rebounds off of them. The wrestler doing the move then runs to the same ropes, rebounds off of them and as the opponent turns around to face to the wrestler, the attacker hits the opponent with a clothesline.

A short-armed clothesline, short clothesline or short-range clothesline is a type of clothesline where a wrestler Irish whips their opponent but holds onto their arm. When the opponents arm is completely extended, the wrestler pulls their opponent back and hits a clothesline with the other arm. The move can also be used the same way but with an arm wrench or wrist lock replacing the Irish whip.

A springboard clothesline is a type of clothesline where a wrestler jumps onto a rope, springboards off of it and clotheslines their opponent. The most common version is where a wrestler is on the apron, goes to the top rope, and hits it on the opponent either in the ring or onto the floor. Another version is where a wrestler jumps to the second rope, springboards off over the top rope, and then clothesline their opponent on the apron. There are many different versions of the springboard clothesline.

A three-point stance clothesline is where a wrestler lines up in a three-point stance, charges at the opponent and clotheslines them.

A double axe handle, Double Sledge, Polish Hammer or Double Axe Hammer is a move where a wrestler clutches both of their hands together, swings them at their opponent and hits a part of them. The name Polish Hammer came from Ivan Putski. There is also a top rope version.

Drops are types of moves where a wrestlers either jumps or falls down onto their opponent on the floor and lands with a specific part of the body.

A chop drop is where a wrestler either falls forward, or jumps up and drops down, and hits a lying opponent with a backhand chop on the way down. The attacking wrestler usually lands on their knees.

An elbow drop is where a wrestler jumps or falls down onto their opponent while driving their elbow into anywhere on the opponent's body. A common type of elbow drop is where a wrestler will raise one elbow before they fall to one side and strike it across the opponent. Another common type of elbow drop is where a wrestler raise both of their elbows up and drop them directly forward either dropping one, or both elbows onto the opponent. This one is known as the pointed elbow drop.

A corkscrew elbow drop is where a wrestler raises one of their elbows before they fall and twist around as they fall to one side, striking their opponent with the elbow anywhere on their body. Sometimes, the attacking wrestler will swing one of their legs around before they fall, to gain momentum for the corkscrew twist.

A spinning headlock elbow drop is where a wrestler, after applying a headlock, performs any type of elbow drop. The most well known version of this is the inverted facelock elbow drop where a wrestler puts their opponent into an inverted facelock, turns 180°, and drops their elbow across the opponent's chest, driving them down to the mat. Another version of the move is where a wrestler uses their whole arm as a lariat instead of just the elbow. A side headlock can also be executed from a jumping position, and twisted around into a sitout lariat

A fist drop is a move where a wrestler either jumps or falls down on an opponent and drives their fist into anywhere on the opponent's body.

A forearm drop is where a wrestler jumps down onto an opponent and drives their forearm into anywhere on the opponent's body.

A headbutt drop is a move where a wrestler either jumps or falls down onto an opponent and drives their head into anywhere on the opponent's body.

A knee drop is a move where a wrestler either jumps or falls down onto an opponent and drives their knee into anywhere on the opponent's body. The move is usually sold as more powerful if the attacking wrestler bounces off the ropes first. A type of knee drop called the Knee drop bulldog is where wrestler places one of their knees against the base of the leaning opponent's neck and dropping. This forces the opponent's head down to the mat, while the wrestler lands on the opponent's upper body, and drives their knee to the neck of their opponent. There is also a diving version.

A leg drop is where a wrestler either jumps or falls and lands so that the back of their leg hits across either the opponent's chest, throat, or face.

An elbow attack is where a wrestler uses either their elbow of back elbow to attack opponent's chest, face, neck, etc.

A back elbow or reverse elbow is a move where a wrestler stands with their back to either a standing or a running opponent and strikes the opponent with the back of the elbow.

The bionic elbow is a mover where a wrestler jumps or falls from a higher position and drops to the floor, dropping the point of their elbow right on the opponent. The move is banned from many mixed martial arts organizations, including the UFC and Strikeforce.

A corner back elbow is a move where a wrestler strikes their back elbow to an opponent in the corner, lying (facing inwards or outwards the ring) against the corner. The move is usually struck from a wrestler that is running.

A discus back elbow is a move where a wrestler that is facing away from the opponent, spins around to face away from the opponent and strikes the opponent in the face with a back elbow.

A discus elbow smash or roaring elbow is where a wrestler facing away from the opponent, spins 180°, and hits their opponent with an elbow smash. Another version of the move is where a wrestler that is first facing the opponent, spins a full 360° to face the opponent again to hits them with an elbow smash.

An elbow smash is where a wrestler makes a punching motion, tucks their hand towards their chest so the elbow and forearm make contact. The elbow smash can be used as a replacement for punches because hitting opponents with a clenched fist is illegal in most wrestling matches.

The wrestler strikes the opponent's chin with their elbow upwards similar to an uppercut.

A mounted elbow drop is where a wrestler approaches an opponent in the corner, and climbs up to either the second or top rope beside the opponent with one of their legs on either side of the opponent. The wrestler jumps off the ropes, and hits a bionic elbow on either the opponent's head, neck (if the opponent's neck is bent-down) or shoulder.

A short-arm elbow smash is a version of the elbow smash where a wrestler Irish whips their opponent but holds on to their arm. After the opponent's arm is completely extended, they wrestler pulls the opponent back and hits them with an elbow smash while using their other arm. The move can also be used in the same way but instead of an Irish whip, it is replace with either an arm wrench or wrist lock. It is used by grabbing hold of one of the opponent's arms, pulling it back towards the wrestler and elbowing them with the spare arm.

A facewash is a move where a wrestler rubs the sole of their boot across the face of the seated opponent in the bottom corner turnbuckle. The wrestler then runs and rebounds off of the opposing ropes, charges at the opponent and does either a running front kick, a running knee, a running low-angle big boot, a running low-angle single leg dropkick, or any other striking move.

A forearm club is a move where a wrestler uses one of their hands to take a hold of an opponent by either their head or hair. They then lean the opponent forward while extending their other arm, clench their fist and throw the arm down onto the opponent, either hitting the back of their head of neck. There is lesser used version of this move where the wrestler takes hold of the opponent, leans them backwards to expose their chest and clubs their chest.

A forearm smash is when a wrestler charges at their opponent and hits them in either the chest or face with a forearm to force them back and down to the mat.

A flying forearm smash is a where a wrestler runs towards an opponent (usually bouncing off the ropes), leaps into the air and hits the opponent with a forearm smash. The Springboard version is known by AJ Styles, called the "Phenomenal Forearm".

A sliding forearm smash is where a wrestler runs towards an opponent (usually bouncing off the ropes), does a slide across the mat and hits their opponent with a forearm smash.

A headbutt is where a wrestler uses their head to hit an opponent in a part of their body. It is usually used to hit the face. Unlike a actual headbutt, the professional wrestling version usually impacts with the opponent's forehead and counts on the superior hardness of the wrestler's head as well as the momentum that is delivered to hurt the opponent without hurting the attacking wrestler.

A battering ram is where a wrestler stands and faces an upright opponent. The wrestler then lowers their head, either jumps or charges forwards and drives the top of their head into their opponent's abdomen. It can also be used as a double-team move.

Trapping headbutts are where a wrestler holds both of the opponent's arms under their own and hits the opponent with a series of headbutts. The opponent is not able to counter it.

A knee strike is where a wrestler strikes their opponent using their knees. The idea of using knees as an offensive move is popular throughout British wrestling.

A Go 2 Sleep or Go to Sleep (often abbreviated to "GTS") is a move where the wrestler places their opponent in a fireman's carry and drops the opponent in front of them. While their opponent is falling, the wrestler lifts a knee up and striks the opponent in the face. KENTA, the creator of the move, also uses an inverted version where he lifts the opponent up into an Argentine backbreaker rack, throws them forward, and strikes the back of the opponent's head with his knee. Former WWE superstar CM Punk popularized the move.

A double knee is where a wrestler charges towards their opponent and strike them in either the head, chest or back with both of their knees.

A high knee is where a wrestler charges towards their opponent, jumps up, and raises their knee so it hits either the side of their face or head. The move has been closely associated with Harley Race and is often referred to as a "Harley Race-style High Knee".

A shining wizard is where a wrestler delivers a knee strike to an opponent that is down on one knee. The wrestler steps off of the opponent's raised knee with one of their feet and swings their other leg so it strikes the opponent's head with either the side of their knee or shin. There a slight version of this where the wrestler uses a running enzuigiri to the kneeling opponent's head without the use of the opponent's knee for leverage. That version is known as a Shining Apprentice. The move can also be used on a standing opponent as well. The standing version is likely applied by stepping off of the opponent's chest and delivering a knee to their face. The move was created by Keiji Mutoh, otherwise known as the Great Muta

A spinning knee, discus knee, or rolling knee is where a wrestler moves towards their opponent, performs a 360° spin and uses the momentum that they gained to deliver a jumping knee strike to their opponent's head. The maneuver can be delivered to either a sitting or standing opponent.

A hip attack, butt bump, or butt thump is a move where a wrestler gains a running start, jumps into the air, spins around, and thrusts their pelvis backwards, hitting either the opponent's head or chest with their hip or buttocks.

A kick is where a wrestler uses the foot, knee or leg to strike any part of the opponent's body.

A back kick or reverse side kick is a move where a wrestler that is facing their opponent, turns 180° so their back is facing the opponent, extends their leg backwards which exploits the turning momentum to hit the opponent in wither the chest or stomach with the sole of their foot. There is also a jumping back kick where a wrestler does the turning motion when they jump.

A backflip kick or Pelé kick (named after the Brazilian Association football player) is a move where a wrestler has their back turned to the opponent, performs a standing backflip and hits their opponent in the head with either one or both of their legs. There is also a version called the Corner backflip kick where the opponent is in the corner and a wrestler charges at them, running the ropes beside the opponent (sometime up the opponent), reaches the top and kicks off the opponent's chest to do a backflip so the wrestler lands on their feet.

A big boot, Yakuza kick or Mafia kick is a move where when the opponent is charging at the wrestler, the wrestler lifts their leg up and uses the opponent's momentum to hit the wrestler's boot with their head or face. The move is usually done by taller wrestlers to further show its view as a strong attack although the wrestler is not moving and its the opponent that runs into their foot because of the wrestler's height making it easy for their leg to reach the head of a normal-sized opponent.

A bicycle kick is a move where the wrestler jumps up and kicks forward with both feet in a pedaling motion. The foot that gets lifted second extends fully and hits the charging opponent in the face. There is another version of the kick where the wrestler charges from a standing opponent and delivers the kick.

A calf kick is a move where the wrestler either one of their sides and connects the side of their rear leg to either the opponent's face or neck.

A crane kick is where a wrestler performs a crane stance, by standing on one of their legs, with their other knee raised and their arms extended in a crane position. They then strike either the opponent's head or face with either the standing or raised leg.

A dragon whip is a type of leg lariat or spinning heel kick where an opponent catches the wrestlers leg (after some attempt at a kick). The opponent throws the leg away from them self and the wrestler continues to spin all the way out with their leg still extended to hit a leg lariat.

A dropkick is a move where a wrestler jumps up and kicks the opponent with both the soles of their feet, the wrestler twists as they jump so that when the feet hit with the opponent, one of the feet is raised higher that the other. The wrestler then falls back to the mat on either their side or their front. The move is usually done by lighter wrestlers to gain an advantage with their agility.

An enzuigiri is any move that hits the opponent in the back of the head. The move is usually done by lighter wrestlers and wrestlers that have a martial arts background or gimmick. The move is usually used as a counter move after one of the wrestler's kick is blocked and caught by the opponent. One of the more common versions of the enzuigiri is when the wrestler steps up the opponent's chest and hits the back of their head with the other leg or foot. The name enzuigiri comes from "Enzui" (the Japanese word for medulla oblongata) and "giri" (meaning "to chop"). The name of the move is sometimes misspelled as 'ensuigiri' or 'enzuiguri'. The move was created by Antonio Inoki.

A football kick or soccer kick is a move where a wrestler kicks an opponent, that is sitting on the mat, vertically into their back, with their foot hitting the base of the opponent's spine, and the shin hitting the back of the head.

The jumping high kick or gamengiri is a move where the wrestler jumps up and kicks the opponent in either the face or the side of their head. It is often confused with the enzuigiri because of the similar nature of the move.

A legsweep is a move where a wrestler drops to one knee and extends their other leg, they then quickly pivot their body around and using their extended leg to knock away the opponent’s legs.

A mule kick is a move where a wrestler that is facing away from a charging opponent, bends down and pushes out one of their feet, hitting the opponent with the bottom of it. There is also another version called the double mule kick where a wrestler that is facing away from the opponent jumps and kicks backwards with both of their legs, hitting the opponent with both soles of their feet. The move is sometimes done in the corner. If the wrestler is acrobatically talented enough, they can roll forward into a standing position.

An overhead kick is a move where a wrestler starts by either lying down or dropping down on the mat while the opponent standing near their head. The wrestler then lifts one of their legs and kicks up over their waist and chest, hitting the opponent with the top of their foot, usually in the head. The move can be used as a counter attack to an attack from behind.

A punt kick is a move where a wrestler runs up to a kneeling opponent and hits them in the head with the sole of their foot. It is based on the field goal kick but is named after the punt kick from American football.

A rolling wheel kick, abisegiri, rolling koppou kick, or a rolling liger kick is a move where a wrestler rolls towards a standing opponent, and extends a leg which hits the opponent in either the back, chest, or head.

The most common type of savate kick is the "chassé", a piston-action kick, where the wrestler kicks the opponent so that the sole of their foot hits either their head or chin.

A scissors kick, jumping axe kick or butterfly kick is a type of leg drop where a wrestler bounces off the ropes, jumps, and drives their leg(s) into the back of the opponent's head and neck, similar to a pair of scissors. There is also a corkscrew version where the wrestler twists during the strike and faces the floor while performing the scissor kick.

A shoot kick is move where a wrestler hits the opponent in the face, chest or legs with their shin. It is a kickboxing-style kick. The shoot kick is used in many shoot-style environments and by many Japanese wrestlers.

A sole kick is a move where a wrestler turns their torso away from their opponent while lifting their leg horizontally and extending it forward at the same time. It then hits the opponent in the torso with the sole of the wrestler's foot. There is also a spin kick version where a wrestler spins around and performs the sole butt kick with their outer leg. It is known as the rolling sole butt in Japan. There is a jumping version as well where the wrestler jumps straight up, spins in midair and hit the sole butt with their outer leg, hitting the opponent's head.

A spin kick or reverse roundhouse kick is a high kick that gains power and momentum after the wrestler spins in place. The move is similar to the spinning heel kick but the wrestler does not jump off of the ground which makes it a leg lariat of some sorts. It is a common move after an opponent was Irish whipped off of the ropes. The move is known as La Filomena in Mexico.

A spinning heel kick is a move where a wrestler spins 360° as they jump so their body is somewhat horizontal, before they hit their opponent with back of either their leg(s) or heel(s) on either the face, neck or chest.

A stomp or foot stomp is a move where a wrestler stamps their foot on any part of a downed opponent. Another version of the foot stomp is where a wrestler performs a series of stomps all over the body of a downed opponent in the order of left arm, left chest, left stomach, left upper leg, left lower leg, right lower leg, right upper leg, right stomach, right chest, right arm, and finally the jaw. It has become known as the "Garvin Stomp" and it was created in the late 1980s by former NWA World Heavyweight Champion Ron Garvin. There is also a double foot stomp or double stomp version where a wrestler jumps and stamps both of their feet on any part of an opponent.

A superkick happens when a wrestler delivers a kick to the opponent's face or chin and is usually preceded by a sidestep. Shawn Michaels used a superkick known as the Sweet Chin Music as his finishing move during his in-ring career.

A tiger feint kick is a move where a wrestler jumps through both the second and top rope while they hold on to the ropes, and use the momentum to swing back around into the ring. The move was first performed as a fake dive to trick the opponents and fans into thinking that the wrestler was going to dive through the ropes to opponents outside the ring. The move is usually used by smaller wrestlers in Japan and Mexico. Rey Mysterio uses a tiger feint kick called the "619" as his finishing move.

A toe kick is a move where the wrestler hits the opponent in either the midsection or stomach with the point of their foot in order to bend the opponent over. The move is used by mostly all wrestlers and is used to setup a hold or throw.

In professional wrestling, a lariat is a move where a wrestler runs towards and wraps their arm around both the upper chest and neck of an opponent. The move forces the opponent to the ground. The move is similar to a clothesline but the difference between a lariat and a clothesline is that in a clothesline, the wrestler's arm is kept straight to the side of the wrestler while performing it and in the lariat, the wrestler hits their opponent with their arm. The lariat to the back of the neck and shoulders is sometimes called the northern lariat or enzui lariat. A lariat where a wrestler doesn't run but strikes the opponent while standing next to them is sometimes called a short range lariat or a burning lariat. The wrestler can hold the opponent's head up before performing the lariat with the other arm. A short-arm lariat is a version where the wrestler grabs one of the opponent's wrists with their hand and pulls the opponent closer, they then strike the opponent with the lariat with their other arm. Usually, a lariat is used as a finishing move and the clothesline as just a regular move. The main differences between the two moves are stiffness. The lariat is basically a very stiff clothesline that is used as a finisher rather than a regular move.

A crooked arm lariat is a move where a wrestler runs towards their opponent with the arm bent upward at the elbow 60–90 degrees and wraps their arm around the opponent's head which forces them to the ground.

A flying lariat is a move where a wrestler uses the ropes to build up speed, leaps forward and wrap their arm around the opponent's neck which causes the power of the force to knock the opponent down.

A lariat takedown, running neckbreaker, or bulldog lariat is a move where a wrestler runs towards their opponent, wraps their arm around the opponent's upper chest and neck, and the wrestler swings their legs forward, while using their momentum to pull the opponent down with them to the mat, on to their upper back.

A leg lariat, jumping leg lariat, or a running calf kick is a move where a wrestler runs at an opponent, jumps and wraps their leg around the opponent's head / neck knocking the opponent to the ground.

A leapfrog body guillotine is move where a wrestler running from behind towards an opponent resting on the second rope, jumps and lands on their opponent's back, neck and head, sliding through the ropes out of the ring and forcing the opponent against the second rope.

It is a close-fisted punch, that usually hits the opponent's body or face. Unlike most of the other illegal attack, the punch almost never result in disqualification. Instead, the referee warns the wrestler to stop but they usually don't.

The back fist is a version of the close-fisted punch where the wrestler hits their opponent with the back of their fist. There is also a spinning back fist version where the wrestler holds their arm out and does a back fist while turning their body with speed so that the back of their fist hits the opponent in either the head or chest on rotation.

A heart punch is a move where a wrestler either raises the opponent's left arm over their head or folds it behind their neck and delivers a strong punch into the side of the opponent's ribcage. The move is alleged to rely on "Oriental pressure points" to strike a nerve causing the opponent's heart to momentarily stop, rendering them unconscious.

One of the most common versions of mounted punches involves the wrestler standing on the middle or top ropes and delivering repeated punches to the face while the opponent is backed up against the turnbuckles. The punches usually go until ten with the crowd counting along unless the opponent pushes the wrestler off of the ropes. Another version of mounted punches is where a wrestler either does a standing double leg takedown or Lou Thesz press first, mounts the opponent's chest or back and starts punching them in the head area.

A wind-up punch is a move where a wrestler rotates their arm in a "winding-up" motion before they hit the opponent, making the punch seem more effective. The wind-up punch was commonly used by Hulk Hogan.

It is where a wrestler delivers an overpowering open-hand slap to their opponent.

A double slap is where a wrestler slaps both of the opponent's cheeks with both of their hands. It call also sometimes be referred to as a bell clap.

A palm strike or shotei is where a wrestler delivers an open-hand strike with the palm of their hand, usually to the opponent's chin.

A senton is similar to a big splash except the wrestler jumps over an opponent while falling backwards and landing back-first onto the opponent. The move is also referred to as either a senton splash or back splash in reference to the big splash as well as to difference itself from the diving version of the senton. Another variation of a standard senton is where a wrestler jumps forward and performs a somersault to land back-first onto the opponent. It is called the somersault senton, and is also referred to as a front flip senton/rolling senton.

A cannonball senton is a move where the wrestler performs a front flip senton onto an opponent sitting in a corner. When the opponent is sitting in the corner, the wrestler runs towards them flips forward 180° so that their back impacts on both the opponents chest and head which causes the opponent to be sandwiched between both the turnbuckle and the wrestler.

A seated senton, vertical splash or butt drop is a move where the wrestler jumps down into a sitting position across the fallen opponent's chest or stomach. The move is usually done one of two ways: either from a standing position over the opponent or from the middle rope with the opponent in the corner. Some larger wrestlers, like Rikishi and Earthquake used the seated senton as their finishers. It is also an used as a counter to the sunset flip.

A shoulder block is where a wrestler hits their opponent with their shoulder by usually ramming their shoulder, keeping their arm to their side and into either the opponent's shoulder or abdomen of an opponent that is running towards them. Often times, larger wrestlers will stand still and have the opponent run towards them to try and perform the move only to get knocked down. The move is often used to show the size and strength of the wrestler, with the larger wrestler challenging to run off the ropes and hit the move. It usually sees the opponent try and attempt to charge at the larger wrestler many times only for their attempts to either have no effect or the opponent to get knocked down themselves. A slight version of this is called the body block which is usually used by large wrestler and sees the opponent run a the larger wrestler and the wrestler just engulfing the charging opponent by swinging their arms around and forcing the opponent to impact the wrestler's entire body.

A chop block is a move where a wrestler does a shoulder block and targets the back of the opponent's knee. The wrestler comes from behind, drops down and connects their shoulder with the back of the opponent's knees. It's often used to weaken the leg for a submission hold.

A spear or shoulder block takedown is a move where a wrestler charges at the standing opponent and brings their body parallel to the ground so that it drives their shoulder into the opponent's midsection, which pulls on the opponent's legs, as in a double leg takedown, and forces them back-first into the mat. There is also a striking spear version where a wrestler charges towards a standing opponent and drives his shoulder into the opponent's midsection, which tackles the opponent and forces them down into the mat back-first. Instead of the regular spear, the wrestler does not pull on the opponent's legs, as in a double leg takedown, and relies on the momentum of the strike to force the opponent down. Roman Reigns, Goldberg and Edge are famous for using the spear as their finishing moves. Rhyno also uses a move similar to the spear called the Gore.

The turnbuckle thrust is move where the wrestler performs a shoulder block to an opponent that is set up on the turnbuckle. The opponent usually rests back-first against the turnbuckles and the wrestler places their shoulder against the opponent, swinging their legs back and forth to gain momentum for the wrestler driving their shoulder into the opponent's chest.

A standing moonsault is a type of moonsault that happens when a wrestler turns their back to a downed opponent, does a backflip and lands on their opponent chest-first.

A standing shooting press is a type of shooting star press that happens when a wrestler jumps forward and performs backflip, landing on the downed opponent's chest.

A stink face is where a wrestler rubs their buttocks in the face of an opponent that is lying in the corner of the ring. It is done to humiliate the opponent. Rikishi used it as one of his signature move.

A uppercut is a type of punch that is used in boxing. It is usually aimed at the opponent's chin. The uppercut is, along with the hook, one of the two main punches that count as power punches in the statistics. In boxing, the uppercut refers only to a punch, while in wrestling the other forms of uppercuts are used including an open-handed punch version.

A European uppercut is a forearm uppercut where a wrestler uses a quick grapple and brings their arm up inside to hit their opponent under the chin.

A knee lift is a move where a wrestler uses their knee and brings it up to hit the opponent under the chin. The move can either be used mid clinch or while the wrestler is charging at a kneeling or bent over opponent, lifting their knee upwards to strike underneath the opponent's jaw or the side of their head. There is also a double knee lift versions where a wrestler forces the opponent’s head down and quickly jumps, bending at the knees, and hitting the opponent in either the face or chest.

A throat thrust, throat strike, sword stab, or an open-hand uppercut is a move where a wrestler strikes at the opponent's throat with their open hand and usually with their palm facing upwards and with all five fingers together. The move is done like a normal uppercut. It can also be used with their opponent in a side headlock.

A weapon shot is where a wrestler takes a weapon and strikes their opponent with it. Common weapons in professional wrestling are folding chairs, guitars, folding tables, title belts, "kendo sticks", and trash cans. Using weapons as weapons are usually illegal except in matches with No Disqualifications.

A chair shot is where a wrestler hits their opponent with a chair. The strike with the chair is used with the flat face of the chair to slow the swing and deal out the impact, to prevent injury to the opponent.

A chair thrust or guillotine shot is where a wrestler placing the top of a chair either under the opponent's chin or by the Adam's Apple, and while holding the chair with one hand and the back of the opponent's head with another, the wrestler hits the mat with the legs of the folded chair while it is still placed under the opponent's chin and at the same time forcing the opponent's head down. This highly damages that part of the opponent.

A guitar shot or El Kabong (a reference to Quick Draw McGraw) is where a wrestler breaks a guitar over an opponent's head. Jeff Jarrett Honky Tonk Man and Elias performed the move a lot during his career.

This attack has a wrestler lay their opponents head on a folding chair, they take another chair and hit their opponents head sandwiching the head in-between the two chairs.

Some of the moves that are done by wrestlers are not meant to pin an opponent, weaken them or force them to submit. Some of the moves are used to set up the opponent for another attack.

A discus is a move where a wrestler spins in place before they hit an attack, like the discus clothesline, discus punch, or the discus forearm. The move is usually used instead of charging towards an opponent to build up momentum for an attack, or using the discus spin to evade other attacks.

A handspring is a move where a wrestler runs towards the ropes and performs a handstand next to the opponent. The wrestler then uses the momentum to throw their legs against the ropes and uses the spring that is gained to throw themselves backwards and back onto their feet. They still us the momentum to leap backwards and usually to deliver an attack. The most common version is the back elbow strike. Another common version is a handspring transition which the wrestler Irish whips the opponent onto a turnbuckle from the opposite corner. The wrestler then does a handspring combination towards the opponent. The combination usually features a cartwheel followed by either one or two back-tucks which leaves the wrestler's back facing the opponent. The wrestler then uses the momentum of the handspring combo to leap backwards and hit their opponent either a back elbow, back thump, dropkick, or any other type of attack.

A pendulum is a move where a wrestler does a tilting sequence, similar to that of a pendulum, in between the ropes (usually near a ringpost) to gain momentum to perform either an attack or counterattack.

A rolling thunder is a move where a wrestler does a forward roll towards an opponent and uses the complete rotation to spring up onto their feet and into the air to perform an attack. The most popular version of the move ends with a jumping somersault senton. Rob Van Dam does a rolling thunder as one of his signature moves.

Illegal moves are moves that can result in a disqualification. Illegal moves are usually done by heel wrestlers. The moves are usually done when the referee is either downed or distracted.

Asian mist is the illegal move of spitting a colored liquid into an opponent's face in professional wrestling. After the wrestler does this, the opponent will (in storyline) be blinded and will experience intense stinging in their eyes. The Asian mist comes in almost any color, but the most common color that is used is green. On a rare occasion, a wrestler will use a flammable substance (like alcohol for example).

The different kinds of Asian mist are:

Biting is when a wrestler grabs their opponent and bites them with their teeth. The move is usually used as a desperation move when a wrestler is "trapped".

An eye poke or a thumb to the eye is when a wrestler pokes their thumb or finger(s) into the opponent's eye(s). The move is usually done by heel wrestlers to gain an advantage on their opponent.

An eye rake is where a wrestler moves his hand down an opponent's eye(s), to make it appear that the wrestler dragged their fingers across the opponent's eye(s). The move is usually done by heel wrestlers to gain an advantage on their opponent.

A fireball is when the wrestler (using a concealed lighter) lights a piece of flash paper and throws it in the opponent's face which gives the impression that a supernatural ball of fire emerged from their hand.

A hangman is a move where a wrestler on the other side of the ring ropes from an opponent, grabs the opponent by the head and drops down which forces their throat to land across the ropes. There is a common version where the wrestler perform a catapult to the opponent while the opponent is lying down in between both the bottom and second ropes. There is also a reverse hangman or "reverse" hotshot which is similar to the normal hangman but when the wrestler is standing outside either the ring or on the apron, they grab the back of either the opponent's head or neck.

A hair pull is when a wrestler pulls the opponent's long hair. It is usually used by female wrestlers. The wrestler is given a 5 count to let go or they will be disqualified.

A low blow happens when a wrestler either kicks or strikes the opponent in the groin. It can cause a disqualification and is usually used by heel wrestlers or valets.

A testicular claw is a clawhold where a wrestler grabs a hold of the opponent's testicles and squeezes. There is also version called Vaginal Claw which is rarely used in woman's wrestling.

Powerslam

This page describes the different types of powerslams in professional wrestling.

This maneuver has a wrestler lift their opponent on their back in a fireman's carry position. Grab their opponent's leg lift that side up and over turning to face their opponent in the process and then slam them to the mat.

Rana Mohammad Hanif Khan

Rana Mohammad Hanif Khan (died 2005) simply known as Rana Hanif, was the Finance Minister of Pakistan from 1973 to 1977.

Alexine Tinne

Alexandrine Pieternella Françoise Tinne, called Alexine Tinne (October 17, 1835 – August 1, 1869) was a Dutch explorer. She used her money to satisfy her curiosity about Africa. Her father died when she was ten, and she became one of the richest people in the Netherlands. Tinne is said to have been beautiful, and she was very clever. She knew several languages and was good at riding horses. She was also brave and firm.
With her mother and several scientists, Tinne first travelled down the Nile in 1863. Because of the trip, she gathered lots of scientific information, but Tinne's mother and two of the scientists died. Later, she prepared another trip across the Sahara. She took two big iron tanks of water. The Muslim people, thinking that the tanks had gold inside, attacked Tinne. They cut her with their swords, cutting off her hand so she could not use her gun. The attackers then ran away, leaving her to bleed to death. She died alone in the desert.

The church built in her memory in her hometown, The Hague, was destroyed by bombs in World War II.


Super Mario Galaxy 2

Super Mario Galaxy 2 is a video game for the Wii. It is the sequel to the 2007 game "Super Mario Galaxy". It was first announced at E3 2009, and was released in the second quarter of 2010 in Japan, on May 23, 2010 in North America, on June 11, 2010 in Europe, and in June-August, 2010 in Australia. Unlike its predecessor, "Super Mario Galaxy 2" allows the player to ride on Yoshi. "Super Mario Galaxy 2" introduces two new power-ups: the Cloud Flower and the Rock Mushroom.

Credit default swap

A credit default swap (or CDS for short) is a kind of investment where you pay someone so they will pay you if a certain company gives up on paying its bonds, or defaults. A credit default swap is like insurance on bonds, but different from insurance in important ways:
Because nobody makes sure you have the bonds you get credit default swaps for, people can speculate on them by buying credit default swaps on companies they think will get in trouble.

When Lehman Brothers went bankrupt on September 15, 2008, it defaulted on its bonds. The insurance company AIG had sold lots of credit default swaps for Lehman, but they didn't have enough money to pay all the people they had sold them to.

This is because the way lots of companies speculated was by hedging on credit default swaps. They bought credit default swaps for a company, and then sold credit default swaps for the same company when the CDSes got more expensive. For example, if you bought some Lehman Brothers CDSes from AIG where you had to pay $500,000, and you sold the same number of CDSes on Lehman a year later for $600,000, you made $100,000 profit. If Lehman defaulted, you're supposed to pay the people you sold the CDSes to, but that should be OK because now AIG is supposed to pay you for the CDSes you bought.

So many companies bought and subsequently sold CDSes that when Lehman collapsed, no one had enough money to pay the people they sold the CDSes to. They tried getting it from the companies they'd bought CDSes from, but they didn't have enough money either. Those companies tried collecting from the companies that owed them money, but they didn't have enough either, and so on. Since AIG had sold so many of these, people were afraid that AIG would just give up on trying to pay them all. If they had done that, there would be a domino effect where everybody would go out of business. Because so many companies would've gone out of business, the government decided to help AIG pay so the economy wouldn't collapse.

When people found out that the Greek government owed more money than everybody thought it did, people who didn't own any Greek government bonds started buying credit default swaps on Greek bonds. They did that because they thought Greece would give up on trying to pay, so the bonds would become worthless and the people who sold the credit default swaps would pay them. Unfortunately, this makes people who have Greek bonds nervous, so they want to sell them and not buy any more. That makes it hard for Greece to borrow money to fix its money problems.

List of Internet Relay Chat commands

This is a list of all Internet Relay Chat commands from IETF RFCs 1459 and 2812. Most IRC clients need commands to have a slash ("/") before the command. Angle brackets ("<" and ">") mean what's placed in the secondary field, not a literal part of the command. Settings encapsulated in square brackets ("[" and "]") are optional and override the command's defaults.




Comparison of Internet Relay Chat clients

The following tables compare general and technical information between a number of IRC client programs. Please see the individual products pages for more information. This page is does not include everything and may not be current.

Basic general information about the notableclients: creator/company, license, etc. Clients listed on a light purple background are no longer in active development.

A brief overview of the release history.

The operating systems on which the clients can run natively (without emulation).
Unix and Unix-like operating systems:

What IRC related protocols and standards are supported by each client.

The Direct Client-to-Client Protocol (DCC) has been the primary method of establishing connections directly between IRC clients for a long time now. Once established, DCC connections bypass the IRC network and servers, allowing for all sorts of data to be transferred between clients including files and direct chat sessions.

This software is compliant natively; other software may be compliant with extensions.
IRC SASL authentication primarily uses the same mechanisms as SASL in other protocols. Most commonly:

Information on what features each of the clients support.

Mask fetishism

In mask fetishism is persons wants to see another person wearing mask or taking off a mask. The mask may be a Halloween mask, a surgical mask, ski mask, ninja mask, gas mask, a latex mask, or any other kind of mask.

Lazarus taxon

In paleontology, a Lazarus taxon (plural "taxa") is a taxon that disappears from one or more periods of the fossil record, only to appear again later. The term refers to the Gospel of John, in which Jesus is claimed to have raised Lazarus from the dead. Lazarus taxa occur either because of (local) extinction, later resupplied, or as a sampling artifact. The fossil record is imperfect (only a very small fraction of organisms become fossilized) and contains gaps not necessarily caused by extinction, particularly when the number of individuals in a taxon becomes very low.

The concept was developed in palaeontology where, after a major extinction event, some groups reappear after millions of years. The usual explanation is that numbers were driven so low that their chance of fossilisation were extremely low. Then, gradually, their numbers revived.

In 1974 Batten pointed out that the Lower Triassic record lacked genera and species which had been present in the Permian, but which reappeared 20 million years later in the Middle Triassic. Jablonski later coined the term 'Lazarus taxon' for species and genera which disappear from the fossil record, only to reappear later when conditions return to normal.

There are some well-known examples of it happening to present-day species.

Some well-known examples:


Joe Louis Arena

Joe Louis Arena, nicknamed The Joe and JLA is a hockey arena in Detroit, Michigan. It is the home of the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League.

Joe Louis Arena also hosted the 2009 Royal Rumble.

The arena closed at the end of the 2016–17 NHL season, with the Red Wings opening the new Little Caesars Arena a few blocks away. After the Wings moved, the arena was torn down and will be replaced by a combined hotel and retail development.

Ed McMahon

Edward Leo Peter "Ed" McMahon, Jr. (March 6, 1923 – June 23, 2009) was an American television presenter and personality, actor, comedian, spokesman, and philanthropist. He was the announcer and co-host of "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" with host Johnny Carson. Ed McMahon has also been on "Star Search". He was best known for being on television.

McMahon was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was raised in Lowell, Massachusetts and in Mexico, Maine. McMahon studied at Boston College and at The Catholic University of America. His career began in 1957 while broadcasting in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

McMahon was married to Alyce Ferrill from 1945 until they divorced in 1974. Later, he married Victoria Valentine from 1976 until they divorced in 1989. Lastly, he married Pam Hurn from 1992 until his death in 2009.

McMahon died at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from pneumonia, aged, 86.

Bad (song)

"Bad" is a song by Michael Jackson. "Bad" was released by Epic Records in September 1987. It was the second single from Jackson's album "Bad". "Bad" got great reviews. Some critics noted that "Bad" helped Jackson's image become edgier during the "Bad"-era.

A music video for "Bad" was directed by Martin Scorsese and released in late 1987. In the video, Jackson and a group of background dancers are shown doing dance routines throughout a subway station. The single has sold 8.5 million copies. "Bad" was originally intended to be a duet between Jackson and musician Prince. 

"Weird Al" Yankovic did a spoof of this song called, "Fat".

On August 14, 2012 "Bad (Afrojack Remix) (DJ Buddha Edit)" was released as a single from "Bad 25". It got very bad reviews.

It was featured in the trailer of Megamind and Despicable Me 3.

Drew McIntyre

Drew Galloway (born 6 June 1985, in Ayr, Scotland), also known by his ring name Drew McIntyre, is a Scottish professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs the "Raw" brand. During his first run in the WWE from 2007 to 2014, he won the WWE Intercontinental Championship one time and the WWE Tag Team Championship one time with Cody Rhodes. On 12 June 2014, McIntyre was released from his WWE contract. He then began wrestling on the independent circuit, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where he was a one-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion and one-time Impact Grand Champion and Evolve, where he was one- time Evolve Champion, one-time Open the Freedom Gate Champion and two-time Evolve Tag Team Champion.

In April 2017, he returned to WWE, where he wrestled on their developmental territory NXT and won the NXT Championship. He was drafted back to the main roster in 2018 and won the renamed Raw Tag Team Championship a second time with Dolph Ziggler. In 2020, he had his most successful year, when he won the Royal Rumble match and the WWE Championship two times. He is the first and only British world champion in WWE and the 31st Triple Crown champion.

Galloway became engaged to American professional wrestler Taryn Terrell (also known as Tiffany) in July 2009, while both working for WWE and they married in Las Vegas in May 2010. They divorced in May 2011.
Galloway met doctor Kaitlyn Frohnapfel at a bar in 2013 and they married on 10 December 2016. The couple currently resides in Nashville, Tennessee, having previously lived in Tampa, Florida.

Galloway's mother, Angela, died on 3 November 2012, at the age of 51.

Galloway is a supporter of Scottish football club Rangers.

On 2 June 2023, Galloway announced that he had become an American citizen.


Carnegie library

A Carnegie library is a library that was built with the help of money from Andrew Carnegie. Over 2,500 Carnegie libraries were built across the world. Between 1883 and 1919, Carnegie would give money to cities and towns to build a library. The cities or towns would have to give a place to build the library, and promise to give 10% of the cost of the library's construction each year for the library's costs. Many Carnegie library buildings still stand. Some are used for other purposes now. Most are made of brick. They often have a staircase leading up to the front door.

California State Polytechnic University, Pomona

The California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (also known as Cal Poly Pomona) is a public university in Pomona, California, United States. It is one of 23 campuses in the California State University system. It was founded in 1938. Cal Poly Pomona offers 72 degree programs in disciplines like engineering, science, architecture, and many others. The university covers 1,147 acres. It is near the city of Los Angeles.

Cal Poly Pomona student-athletes play sports against other universities using the name "Cal Poly Pomona Broncos". The university is a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association and the NCAA. The official colors of the university and its athletic teams are green and gold.

First Time

"First Time" is the first single from Lifehouse's fourth studio album "Who We Are".

On April 24, 2007, the band released the single to be played on the radio. At the beginning, the song was played every hour on Star 98.7 in Los Angeles that day and was later released to general radio. The song's first ranking on the Billboard Hot 100 was number 48 in May, and it rose all the way to number 26. It was #74 on "MTV Asia"<nowiki></nowiki>'s list of Top 100 Hits of 2007.

US radio promo single

Australian commercial single

Crown Prince Sado

Crown Prince Sado () or Crown Prince Jangheon (), January 1735 - May 1762) was a Crown Prince of Joseon. He was the second son of King Yeongjo, and the father of King Jeongjo of Joseon.

After the death of his half brother Prince Hyojang, he became heir to the throne. Because of his mental illness and strange behaviour, his father had him locked in a rice chest and starved to death.


Gloucester County Cricket Club

Gloustershire County Cricket Club is a cricket club. They play on the English and Welsh national cricket structure. The Club was started in 1870.

Most of the home games are played in Bristol.

2010 Chile earthquake

The 2010 Cauquenes earthquake was an earthquake that happened off the coast of Maule region of Chile, near Cauquenes, on February 27, 2010, at 03:34:12 local time (06:34:12 UTC). It is said to have lasted between ten and thirty seconds. At first, its magnitude was reported to be between 8.3 and 8.5 on the Moment magnitude scale, but this was later corrected upwards, to be at 8.8 of that scale. It was the strongest earthquake in Chile since the magnitude 9.5 1960 Valdivia earthquake, and the strongest earthquake worldwide since the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.

The epicenter of the earthquake was offshore from the Maule Region, approximately 8 km west of Curanipe and 115 km north-northeast of Chile's second largest city, Concepción. Also, the epicenter is less than 20 km due east from that of the 1960 Valdivia earthquake. Other cities exposed to Mercalli intensity scale intensity VIII (Destructive) shaking were Arauco, Lota and Constitución.

The earthquake was also felt in the Chilean capital Santiago as well as in some Argentinean cities. Tsunami warnings were issued in 53 countries. Michelle Bachelet, President of Chile, declared a "state of catastrophe". She also confirmed the deaths of at least 795 people.

Chile was hit by another earthquake in March 11, 2010, with epicenter in the coastern town of Pichilemu, Province of Cardenal Caro, almost 200 kilometers from Santiago de Chile. It was MW 6,9 in the Richter scale.

Pat Verbeek

Patrick "The Little Ball of Hate" Verbeek (born May 24, 1964 in Sarnia, Ontario) is a former Canadian NHL ice hockey right winger who played 21 seasons in the NHL.

He was given the nickname "The Little Ball of Hate" by Glenn Healy because teammate Ray Ferraro was nicknamed "Big Ball of Hate".

Wigger

The term wigger means a person (generally a white person) who by act does things that stereotypically are related to urban African Americans, Black British and Caribbean culture, especially in relation to hip hop culture and British Grime/Garage scene. The word can also be spelled as wigga, whigger or whigga, also known as acting black. Other words for "wigger" include wankster and wangsta.
The term originates from a blend of the word "white" and the insulting term "nigger". The word is considered offensive by some because of its sameness to "nigger". Also known to be offensive due to stereotypical ideas about urban blacks.

The act of white people using stereotypical black actions, slang, and clothing has appeared in many generations since slavery was removed in the western world. The concept has been documented in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia and other white-majority countries. An early form of this was the "white negro" in the jazz and swing music scenes of the 1920s and 1930s; as seen in the 1957 Norman Mailer essay, "The White Negro: Superficial Reflections on the Hipster"." It was later seen in the Zoot suiter of the 1930s and 1940s; the hipster of the 1940s; and the beatnik and rock and roller of the 1950s.


La Leyenda

La Leyenda (in English: "The Legend") is a "Greatest Hits" album by Mexican-American singer Selena. "La Leyenda" was released on March 9, 2010 as four different box-sets. Q-Productions and EMI Latin teamed up and promoted "La Leyenda" around the world, "La Leyenda" had personal messages from Selena's family, friends, and fans across the world.




Bonus Tracks

Bouns Tracks

Disc 1:


Disc 2:



Opcode

An opcode identifies which basic computer operation in the instruction set is to be performed. It is used when writing machine code. It tells the computer to do something. Each machine language instruction typically has both an opcode and operands. The opcode is like a verb in a sentence, and the operands are like the subject in a sentence.
Operands are typically memory or registry addresses.

Opcodes are used in machine code for a number of functions, including Float Addition of registers, Two's compliment addition of registers, Shifting register values to memory, or to a hard drive, stopping a program, etc. There are quite literally hundreds of common opcodes employed in modern computers.

Due to the nature of a computer's architecture, opcodes take the form of binary numbers. Alternatively, opcodes can be represented by hexadecimal digits, (for example, 10100101 = A5) for ease of reading and coding when designing or emulating a machine-code program. These values are then transformed into their binary equivalents to be saved. Modern opcodes are at least two hex characters in length which take up 1 byte of storage space.

Opcodes will vary in capability and 'value' depending on the computer to which they belong, as they are hardware dependent. For instance, the opcode for STORE as expressed in Hex could be FA for one machine and 02 for another. Some opcodes will not be available on some computers. In general, there are two approaches toward building instruction sets. A reduced instruction set computer (RISC) offers less possible opcodes in favor of increasing speed for simple processes. Complex instruction set Computing (CISC) offers more opcodes in favor of increasing speed for complex processes.

Opcodes are seldom used by programmers directly. Whenever they are directly programmed into memory, they are only ever guaranteed to work on the computer they were designed for. When programmers write in assembly language, a translator program converts program statements, one-for-one, into machine language commands. The programmer must only remember a mnemonic for each opcode instead of its binary value. Alternatively, a high level-programming language can be used, say 4th generation, which gets converted to 3rd generation and so on until it reaches 1st generation. From here, an individual computer will convert the program to machine code whenever the program file is read. This way, a program can work on a much larger variety of computers.

Eazy-Duz-It

Eazy-Duz-It is the first studio album by American rapper Eazy-E. It was released on September 16, 1988. The producers on the album were Dr. Dre & DJ Yella.

The album has 12 songs on it. The songs on the album are about Eazy E himself, Eazy E's view of Compton, California, and the gangster lifestyle. 

Still Talkin'

Ruthless Villain

Eazy Duz It

We Want Eazy 

Radio

No More ?'s


Adamson University

Adamson University is a private Roman Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.

Wet boxer contest

The wet boxer-short contest is a beauty contest between men in their underwear. It is a lot like a wet t-shirt contest that shows women. However, unlike a wet T-shirt contest the water used is warm instead of cold. The contests are often considered degrading for women due to sexism, however they are not for men and are instead considered comical. 
Wet boxer contests are also held in gay bars. 

Viral culture

A Viral culture is a laboratory test in which the virus samples are placed with a cell medium that the virus being tested for is able to infect. If the cells show changes, known as cytopathic effects, then a culture is positive, meaning the test indicates infection.

The older way of viral culture has been replaced by shell vial culture, in which the sample is spun onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection ways. This shortens the time to detection for slow growing viruses such as cytomegalovirus, for which the method was developed.



Viral life cycle

Viruses are near the same to living organisms, however there are differences. One of the ways a virus can be seen as living is that a virus needs to make more of themselves. A virus cannot survive on its own. It is only active when reproducing within a host, using a hosts' resources and food. Once inside a host, a virus's main purpose is to make as many copies of itself, and infect other host cells; everything it does is to benefit its fitness and increase the number of its offspring.

The viral life cycle is dependent on a host cell. A virus is not able to replicate on its own or use "raw" materials on which to survive. A virus will remain dormant until it is able to infect the next host, activate and replicate. Some viruses can live in an open place for a short time, in some cases, only a few hours. Viruses use the most efficient method to locate a host, create copies, and spread to other hosts.

Usually viral infections occur when a virus enters the host:

It is usually only after a virus enters a host that it can gain access to cells in order to invade.

In order for the virus to make copies and infect, it must enter cells of the host animal and use those cells' materials. In order to enter the cells, proteins found on the surface of the virus interact with proteins of the cell. Attachment, or adsorption, occurs between the viral part and the host cell membrane. A hole forms in the cell membrane, then the virus particle or its genetic contents are released into the host cell, where viral reproduction may start.

Next, a virus must take control of the host cell's replication mechanisms. It is at this stage a distinction between susceptibility and permissibility of a host cell is made. Permissibility determines how the infection will progress. After control is taken by the virus and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself, replication occurs quickly.

After a virus has made many copies of itself, it usually has used up the cell's resources. The cell is now no longer useful to the virus, therefore it must find a new host. The process by viral copies are released to find new hosts, is called shedding. This is the final stage in the viral life cycle.

Some viruses can "hide" inside another cell, either to defend itself against the host cell defenses or immune system, or because it is not in the best interest of the virus to make more copies at the time. This hiding is called latency. During this time, the virus will not produce any copies, it will remain inactive until external stimuli (such as light or stress) prompts it into activation, or the restart of the life cycle.

Empathy

Empathy is a word that means that someone is able to share or understand the emotions and feelings of another person. Someone may need to have a certain amount of empathy before they are able to feel compassion. The word was coined in 1909 by the English psychologist Edward.B. Titchener.

Empathy is an ability with many different definitions. They cover a wide spectrum, ranging from caring for other people and having a desire to help them, to experiencing emotions that match another person's emotions, to knowing what the other person is thinking or feeling, to blurring the line between self and other. Below are definitions of empathy:


Empathy is found in many, perhaps all, mammals, and may be essential part of our specie. It does help the group as well as the individual. Lack of empathy is found in various types of mental disorders, such as psychopathy, antisocial personality disorder, narcissistic personality disorder and sadistic personality disorder.


Colias palaeno

The Colias palaeno (also known as Moorland Clouded Yellow, Palaeno Sulphur, or Pale Arctic Clouded Yellow) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. As most Colias-species, it can fly very fast.

Binge drinking

Binge drinking is an unhealthy way of drinking alcoholic beverages. When people binge drink, they usually drink a lot of alcohol in a short time, or drink with the goal of getting drunk.

Binge drinking is very common in the United States. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that in the U.S.:

Different researchers and countries sometimes have different definitions of what exactly binge drinking is.

In the United States, the most common definition of binge drinking was created by the National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism in 2009. It says that binge drinking is a pattern of drinking alcohol that brings a person's blood alcohol content (BAC) to 0.08 or more. Blood alcohol content is the percentage of ethanol in the person's blood. (In the United States, a BAC of 0.08 means a person is legally drunk.) This means that a person would be binge drinking if:

In the United Kingdom, the National Health Service says that binge drinking is having "eight or more units [of alcohol] in a single [drinking] session for men and six or more for women." (Units are used in the United Kingdom to measure alcohol.) This means a person would be binge drinking if:

A recent report paid for by the European Union suggested that binge drinking should be defined, across Europe, as drinking "60g alcohol (men) and 40g alcohol (women) in a period of about two hours."

Binge drinking can be dangerous. It can cause alcohol poisoning. If a person drinks too much, they can stop breathing and die. Binge drinking can also damage the liver.

Also, it increases binge drinkers' risks of having other problems. Binge drinkers are more likely than people who do not binge drink to:

Rod Taylor

Rodney Sturt "Rod" Taylor (11 January 1930 – 7 January 2015) was an Australian actor of movie and television. He appeared in over 50 movies, including leading roles in "The Time Machine", "Seven Seas to Calais", "The Birds", "Sunday in New York", "Young Cassidy", "Dark of the Sun", "The Liquidator", and "The Train Robbers".

Taylor suffered a heart attack and died on 7 January 2015 in Los Angeles, California, United States, at the age of 84.


Taylor has had several lead roles in television, from the early 1960s to the early 2000s. Among his TV shows are:

Pop (British and Irish TV channel)

Pop is a UK children's channel that airs many children’s cartoons.

Pop was called "Popfun" sometime before 2013, but in July 2022, it changed its name to "POP". At first it was just music videos but in early 2023 it started to show cartoons. These include things like Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks, etc.; The music videos were kept but all disappeared in mid 2016. They were brought back in 2017 but only during a slot called "Pop Party". Also changes have been made to the logo throughout the years. To start with, it showed letters being replaced by balloons, it was all in lower case, and it had no exclamation mark but in November 2016, a change was made. It was now white letters on an red background. They were in 3D now. The exclamation mark was added and the letters were now all done in upper case. Due to copyright reasons on the music that got changed in 2017. In 2018 Pop's logo yet again changed. It used to be coloured letters on a red background but the background disappeared and the letters were now all light red. This is its current logo but the old one is still on the pop website.

POP Aires many cartoons, so here they are:

44 Cats (Now on Nicktoons)


SamSam (October 2010)


Pop back in 2019 as Boing Plus and Boing Pop as Tiny Pop British
Sony YAY! in Japan at 23:59:59. *" Boing Plus In Italian 11 July
2019.

Not long after the launch of Tiny pop's website, Pop had its own channel launched too. It features a fun and games bit, a what's on bit, a competitions page, and the logo. The games are things like Oggy Moshi, and things like that.

Quantum of Solace

Quantum of Solace is a James Bond movie, featuring lead actor, Daniel Craig. Bond fights with business man Dominic Greene. A "quantum of solace" is a complicated way of saying "A small moment of peace".

Tonian

The Tonian was the first geological period in the Neoproterozoic era. It lasted from 1000 million years ago (mya) to 720 mya. The supercontinent Rodinia began breaking in this period. Acritarchs radiated during the Tonian.

Geography of the United States

The United States is the third or fourth biggest country in the world. Only Russia and Canada are bigger. If you do not count the area of the Great Lakes, China is also bigger. Its geography varies a lot. The area is about 3,717,000 square miles, or about 9,629,000 square kilometers. The highest point is Mount McKinley, Alaska and the lowest point is Death Valley, California.


The geographic center is in Butte County, South Dakota. The geographic center of the 48 states is in Smith County, Kansas.

There is a general rule of thumb which explains why so much of the land is close to sea level in the East, and so mountainous in the West. It is as follows.

The Americas have been moving west for over 100 million years. The movement has buckled up and collected geological plates in the West, and spread out the land in the East. This has resulted in a series of mountain ranges all down the West of the Americas, and mostly low-lying land in the East. The East is a "passive margin" coast where the continental crust is moving away, in this case to the West. The West is an "active margin" coast. It has the mountains and it has the landslides and volcanoes. 
In fact, the only high land in the East of the U.S. is where there is a very ancient ground-down mountain range known as as the Allegheny Mountains. What is now the Alleghenys was once part of the great Appalachian orogeny (mountain building) about 300 million years ago. What remains now is just the ground-down roots of this ancient mountain chain. In the top-most physical map the red-brown areas are high land.

The climate varies along with the geography, from tropical (hot and wet in summer, warm and dry in winter) in Florida and Hawaii to tundra (cold all year) in Alaska. Large parts of the country have warm summers and cold winters. Most of the northern U.S. gets snow in winter. Some parts of the western United States, like parts of California, have a Mediterranean climate. The southeastern United States can get hurricanes. Parts of the southern United States are subtropical (hot in summer and cool in winter). Tornadoes happen a lot in the Midwest.

The highest recorded temperature is 134 degrees Fahrenheit (57 degrees Celsius) and the lowest recorded temperature is -80 degrees Fahrenheit (-62 degrees Celsius).

Wilhelm Röntgen

Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen (27 March 1845 10 February 1923) was a German physicist who discovered X-rays. In 1901, he was the first person to win the Nobel Prize in Physics.

Röntgen was born at Lennep in the Lower Rhine Province of Germany. His father was a manufacturer and dealer of cloth. His mother was of an old Lennep family which had settled in Amsterdam. Röntgen was three when his family moved to Apeldoorn in The Netherlands.

In Apeldoorn, he attended the Institute of Martinus Herman van Doorn, a boarding school. In 1862, he attended a technical school at Utrecht, but was expelled. He then entered the University of Utrecht in 1865 to study physics.

He entered the Polytechnic at Zurich as a student of mechanical engineering. He worked in the laboratory of Kundt. In 1869 he graduated Ph.D. at the University of Zurich. He became Kundt's assistant and went with him to Würzburg. Three years later, they went to Strasbourg.

Röntgen held positions in various European universities, but his fame rests with his discovery of (what he called) x-rays. He received many honours and awards, doctorates, and honorary doctorates. He was a modest man who enjoyed the outdoors and mountain climbing.

Röntgen was married to Anna Bertha Ludwig (m. 1872, d. 1919) and had one child, Josephine Bertha Ludwig. The child was adopted at age 6, in 1887. She was the daughter of Georges's brother.

Röntgen died on 10 February 1923 from carcinoma of the intestine in Munich, Germany, aged 77.

Henri Becquerel

Antoine Henri Becquerel (15 December 1852 – 25 August 1908) was a French physicist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903 with Marie Curie and Pierre Curie for his discovery of radioactivity in 1896. This happened when a piece of pitchblende ruined some photographic film and he investigated. Other scientists had seen film similarly ruined but did not discover why.

The SI unit "becquerel" named after him. One becquerel (Bq) is equal to one radioactive decay process per second. He was the third person in his family to occupy the physics chair at the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle.

List of members of the European Parliament for the United Kingdom (2009–2014)

This is a list of Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) for the United Kingdom in the 2009 to 2014 session. They are listed in order by their last name.

"This table can be sorted by constituency, party or party group: click the symbol at the top of the column for each."

King River (Victoria)

King River is a river in the north east of Victoria, Australia. It flows into the Ovens River and which then joins the Murray River at Echuca. The King River is used for kayaking with many level two and three rapids. In 2008 it was the site for the Victorian and Australian Downriver Championships. The King Valley is a beautiful, cool climate wine grape growing area. 

The King Valley has been described as a little part of Italy, set in the hills of north east Victoria, south of Wangaratta. This area has a history which includes bushrangers, the Chinese and Italians. The Chinese came from the gold fields in the mid 1800s and worked as farmers growing vegetables and tobacco. The were also Chinese merchants, selling their goods as they moved around the valley in horse pulled wagons. Roads in the valley today carry the names of the more important families like Mahlooks, Honey and Fosangs.

The Italians came to the area in the 1940s and 50's and like the Chinese grew tobacco. They soon saw that it was a good place to grow wine grapes. The valley has become famous for its different wines, such as sangiovese, nebbiolo and barbera. The vineyards have Italian names like Pizzini, Dal Zotto, Corsini, Sartori, Ciccone and Politini. The King Valley has some of the highest altitude vineyards in Australia. 

Whitfield and Moyhu are the major towns in the King Valley along the road from Wangaratta or Mansfield. 

Trillion (disambiguation)

Trillion may mean:

Either of the following two numbers (see Names for large numbers for more information):


Placoderm

The placoderms ("Placodermi": Greek = "plated skin") were a class of armoured prehistoric fish, which lived from the mid Silurian to the end of the Devonian period. Their head and thorax were covered by armoured plates; the rest of the body was scaled or naked, depending on the species. Placoderms were among the first jawed fish, the Gnathostomata. A 380 million year old fossil of one species is the oldest-known example of live birth.

The placoderms were hugely successful in the Devonian period, which is sometimes called the 'Age of Fish'. In the Upper Devonian, a series of extinction events devastated the marine fauna. As the placoderms were predators, this caused a swift decline in their numbers, and the class was entirely extinct by the end of the Devonian.

The main source of placoderm fossils is the Old Red Sandstone continent. This, in the Devonian, was a united North America and western Europe and the continental shelf areas around it. Fossils from these strata in Scotland were collected since the 18th century, and Louis Agassiz wrote the first survey of fossil fish. A century later, Eric Stensiö showed that placoderms were genuine jawed fish.

Remarkable fossils have more recently been found in the Gogo formation of northern Western Australia. This is a former Upper Devonian reef system, where well-preserved fossils of 25 species have been found. The relationship between the placoderm and other jawed fish is still not clear. Most placoderms were benthic predators, near the bottom of the water column. The largest types, such as "Dunkleosteus" and "Gorgonichthys" were 6 metre-long top predators in the middle and upper pelagic zones.


Ixia

Ixia is a genus of plants in the family Iridaceae.

All of these plants are herbs with corms. The plants grows in South Africa. In total, there are 40-60 species.

Common names for this kind of flower are "Corn lily" and "African Corn-Lily" and "Wand flower".

The leaves look like swords. The flowers look like stars.

Some species of Corn lilies are cultivated as garden plants and houseplants.


Teleost

Teleosts are the dominant fish of the present day. They arose in the Mesozoic era, and include 20,000 living species. The oldest teleost fossils date back to the late Triassic. They evolved from fish like bowfins in the clade Holostei. During the Mesozoic and Cainozoic they diversified. 96 percent of all known fish species are teleosts.

They are, in order of evolution, vertebrates, jawed fish (Gnathostomata), bony fish (Osteichthyes) and ray-finned fish (Actinopterygii).

To account for their success, teleosts must have advantages over earlier fish. In general, teleosts tend to be quicker and more flexible than earlier bony fishes. Their skeletal structure has evolved towards greater lightness. Teleost bones are constructed from a scaffolding of struts, which makes them strong without adding weight.

Teleosts have a movable jaw and changes in the jaw muscles. These changes make it possible for them to protrude their jaws outwards from the mouth. This adaptation improves their ability to grab fast-moving prey.

The date of origin of the teleosts is a difficult problem. Two kinds of evidence are available. There is evidence from the fossil record that the first teleost comes from the late Triassic period.

This date is somewhat later than molecular divergence time estimates (molecular clock). A recent paper finds that fossil dates and molecular clock dates are similar to each other. These researchers state:

Teleostei

Fresh water

Fresh water (also 'freshwater' or 'fresh-water') is water that does not have a lot of salt in it. It usually means water from the lakes, rivers, snow, and ice. These types of water do not have much salt in them. It also can mean water that people can drink. The oceans and seas are made up of salt water, which people cannot drink. 

People cannot drink all fresh water, because it might be contaminated. It might have harmful bacteria in it, or it might be poisonous because of chemicals it contains. Water from a tap has been tested and treated so that it is safe to drink. This applies to most countries, but in some places the water needs to be boiled first to kill the germs and drunk after it has cooled down.

Fresh water that people can drink safely is called potable water. Desalination can turn salt water into drinkable water.

What causes water scarcity is the mismatch between fresh water demand and availability. What this means is that there is fresh water available, but not always where it is most needed.

In many countries the water used by people is recycled water. People pay for water supply which is safe to drink. Water theft also happens. Thames Water thinks water loss by theft is a big problem. Waste water (sewage) is treated to purify the water. That is why people are charged for the supply of pure water.


Grand Theft Auto: Vice City

Grand Theft Auto: Vice City is a video game made by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It was released in 2002, for the PlayStation 2 and for personal computers. It is part of the "Grand Theft Auto" series of video games. It takes place in the 1980's in a fictional place called Vice City. This fictional city is based on the real-life city called Miami in Florida.

"Grand Theft Auto: Vice City" is an action-adventure game played from a third-person view. The player controls criminal Tommy Vercetti and completes missions to progress through the story. Players can freely walk around the game's open world and can complete side missions too. Vice City has two main islands and some smaller islands. The islands are unlocked for the player as the story progresses.

The player can run, jump, and drive vehicles. The player uses melee attacks, firearms and explosives to fight enemies. 

During the story, Tommy meets different gangs. As the player completes missions for different gangs, some gang members will defend the player and some rival gang members will see the player and shoot them. 

As Tommy builds his criminal empire, the player can buy a number of buildings in the city, some are where weapons can be collected and vehicles can be stored. There are also businesses which can be purchased. 

Each building has a number of missions, once all missions are complete, the building begins to generate an ongoing income for the player.


WrestleMania XXVII

WrestleMania XXVII was the twenty-seventh yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.

In September 2009, it was reported that the city of Atlanta was wanting to have WrestleMania XXVII at the Georgia Dome. A press conference was held on February 1, 2010 at the Georgia Dome to officially announced the event for Atlanta; this will be the first WrestleMania to be held in the state of Georgia. Along with WrestleMania XXVII, a group of events known as "WrestleMania Week" will be held in the week before the event including WrestleMania's yearly "WrestleMania Axxess" fan convention, the 2011 WWE Hall of Fame ceremony, the fourth yearly "WrestleMania Art" showing and auction, and a Celebrity Pro-Am Golf tournament. According to the president of the Atlanta Sports Council, Gary Stokan, "WrestleMania Axxess" is planned to be held at the Georgia World Congress Center, while the WWE Hall of Fame ceremony will take place either at the Fox Theatre or at Philips Arena.

Between 15 and 20 cities were thought of to host the event, with fewer than half of the people thought of invited to explain why they should hold the event at WWE's headquarters at Stamford, Connecticut. Atlanta's main rival to hosting the event was the city of Miami, Florida who wanted to host the event at Sun Life Stadium along with "WrestleMania Axxess" at the Convention Center and the WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the American Airlines Arena. Miami was later given WrestleMania XXVIII.
During the pay-per-view, Justin Roberts announced a new Georgia Dome "entertainment" attendance record of 71,617. But a Billboard.com article claims a Backstreet Boys concert had 73,337 people in attendance. WWE says in their official press release that the Backstreet Boys concert only had 65,658 people in attendance. WWE's number was later confirmed by officials at the Georgia Dome.


Enthalpy

Enthalpy is a concept used in science and engineering when heat and work need to be calculated. The name comes from the Greek word "enthalpos" (ενθαλπος), meaning "to put heat into". The idea and the word were made up by the Dutch scientist Heike Kamerlingh Onnes in 1909.

When a substance changes at constant pressure, enthalpy tells how much heat and work were added or removed from the substance.

Enthalpy is similar to energy, but not the same. When a substance grows or shrinks, energy is used up or released. Enthalpy accounts for this energy. Because of this, scientists often calculate the change in enthalpy, rather than the change in energy.

Consider a system containing a fixed amount of gas. Any heat energy entering the system will:

1) Increase the Internal Energy of the gas

or

2) Lead to some work being done to expand the system.
The work done is the product of pressure and volume. Enthalpy takes both these factors into account, therefore:

When a chemical reaction happens, a substance can become warmer or colder. As a result, heat will flow from the substance to things around it, or from things around it to the substance, until its temperature is the same again. If the pressure stays the same, this amount of heat tells how much the enthalpy changed.

For example, if gasoline is burned in the open air, heat is released by the gasoline. If we suppose 100 kilojoules of heat were released, then the enthalpy of the gasoline was reduced by 100-kilo joules. Therefore the change in enthalpy for this reaction was ∆"H" = –100 kJ.

If a chemical reaction gives off heat (warming its surroundings), then the enthalpy of the reaction is said to have decreased. The value of ∆"H" is negative. This kind of reaction, like the example above, is called exothermic.

If a chemical reaction absorbs heat (cooling its surroundings), then the reaction's enthalpy has increased. The value of ∆"H" is positive. This is called an endothermic reaction.


MRSA

MRSA is a strain of Methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus". This is a bacterium which causes infections in different parts of the body. It is tougher to treat than other strains of "Staphylococcus aureus" – or 'staph' – because it is resistant to some commonly used antibiotics. In fact, it is now resistant to all forms of penicillin and cephalosporin.

The symptoms of MRSA depend on where the infected is. Most often, it causes mild infections on the skin, causing pimples, boils or pus. However, it can also cause more serious skin infections or infect surgical wounds, the bloodstream, the lungs, or the urinary tract.

Though most MRSA infections are not serious, some can be life-threatening. Many public health experts are alarmed by the spread of tough strains of MRSA. Because it is hard to treat, MRSA is sometimes called a "super bug".

Garden-variety staph are common bacteria which may live on our bodies. Plenty of healthy people carry staph without being infected by it. In fact, 25-30% of us have staph bacteria in our noses.

But staph can be a problem if it manages to get into the body, often through a cut. Once there, it can cause an infection. Staph is one of the most common causes of skin infections. Usually, these are minor and don't need special treatment. Less often, staph can cause serious problems like infected wounds or pneumonia.

Staph can usually be treated with antibiotics. But over the decades, some strains of staph -- like MRSA -- have become resistant to antibiotics that once destroyed it. MRSA was first discovered in 1961. It's now resistant to methicillin, amoxicillin, penicillin, oxacillin, and many other antibiotics.

While some antibiotics still work, MRSA is constantly adapting. Researchers developing new antibiotics are having a tough time keeping up.

Colony (biology)

A colony in biology refers to a life-style or habit where members of the same species live together. 

Usually the members of a colony are genetically linked by common heredity. Sometimes, as in bryozoa, they are genetically identical clones, sometimes as in eusociality, they are members of an extended family. Sometimes, as with the Portuguese Man o' War, the members of the colony are joined together as one individual, which operates as a single unit.

Most of the colonies in the groups listed below build a common structure or nest. Sometimes they are linked only by their behaviour. The close integration of termites, ants, bees and wasps is called eusocial.

The term applies mostly to animals, though there are some protists and prokaryotes which live as colonies.


Samson

Samson was the last of the Judges of the ancient Children of Israel mentioned in the Tanakh (the Hebrew Bible) and the Talmud. He is described in the Book of Judges chapters 13 to 16. The Book of Samson also appears in Josephus's "Antiquities of the Jews", written in the last ten years of the 1st Century, as well as in works slightly earlier. Samson has been the subject of rabbinic, Islamic, and Christian commentary. Medieval Muslims often incorporated the biblical figure of Samson into the Qur'anic prophetic world.

Samson is known for being given great strength by God to use against those who do not like him and to do great things that regular people cannot do: killing a lion with his bare hands, defeating a whole army with only a donkey's jawbone to fight with, and making a temple fall down.

He is believed to have been buried in Tel Thora in Israel above the Sore valley. There stand two large gravestones of Samson and his father Manoah. Nearby stands Manoah’s altar (Judges 13:19-24). It is between the cities of Zora and Osthol.

Samson's father Manoah, and his wife had been trying to have a baby for many years when an angel showed up in front of their house. The angel told them that they were to have a son, who was to be a Nazarite. The child was to never cut his hair, drink wine, or touch a dead person. A while later, Samson was born, and he obeyed the Nazarite laws just as the angel said.

Samson saw a pretty Philistine woman while he walked through Tinman, a Philistine town. He went to ask permission from her father to marry her. The Philistines at the time were the enemies of the people in Israel, so Samson did not know how his father would react once he told him the news. While he was on his way home, a lion jumped on him. He killed the lion with his bare hands. After this, he told the Philistine woman that he wanted to be her husband. At their wedding, Samson gave the Philistine guests a riddle about the lion. However, his wife told them the answer because she was threatened by the men, and Samson realized he could not trust her. After the wedding, she was given to another man. Later, Samson's wife and father-in-law were burned to death.

After his first wife died, Samson found another good-looking Philistine woman. Her name was Delilah. Little did he know that she would betray him to the Philistines. She tried many times to get the secret behind his great strength. This made Samson very annoyed with her. After a long time, Samson told Delilah that he would become weak if his hair was cut.

After getting the secret to his strength, Delilah told the Philistine army about it. She sang him to sleep at her feet, and called a man to shave Samson's head. After getting his haircut, Samson was tied up while still asleep. He woke up and tried without success to break free from the ropes he was tied down with. The Philistines grabbed him, poked his eyes out with their swords and took him to Gaza, where he was put in prison.

While in prison, Samson worked on a treadmill, a machine used to grind grain. He didn't do this work for a few months until his hair grew long again. Next, he was taken to a temple honoring the Philistine demon, Dagon to perform for the people worshipping Dagon. While on stage, Samson told a young boy nearby to move him in between two pillars. He pushed the pillars apart with his full strength. This caused the temple's roof to fall down on top of himself and his Philistine audience. Samson died, along with twelve thousand of his enemies, including their highest leaders. He defeated more Philistines with his death than during his life.

Samson, Shimshon (), Standard Šimšon Tiberian Šimšôn; meaning "of the sun" – perhaps proclaiming he was strong, or "[One who] Serves [God]" or Shamshoun or Sampson 


Scale model

A scale model is a copy of an object that is bigger or smaller than the real size of the object. Very often the scale model is smaller than the real object and used as a guide to making the object in full size. Scale models are made or collected for many reasons. You can also use it with math. 

Give It All

"Give It All" is a song by the punk band Rise Against. It was released as a single from the album, Siren Song of the Counter Culture, in 2004. It is a fast paced song with a slower, chant-along bridge, running at two minutes and fifty seconds. It got to number thirty-seven on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.

Bavarian State Library

The Bavarian State Library ("Bayrische Staatsbibliothek", "BSB") in Munich is the state library of Bavaria. It is an important universal library. In mid 2012, there were about 9.3 million books in the library. The oldest of them are from the Middle Ages. 

There are also about 90,000 manuscripts in the library. Among these are the Codex Aureus, an illustrated gospel book from the 10th century, one of the three surviving versions of the Nibelungenlied, and the Carmina Burana. It also contains about a third of the surviving early prints, known as Incunables. Among them is the Gutenberg Bible. 

A law was introduced in 1639. This law says that two copies of each book published in Bavaria must be given to the state library for free.

Chris Hardwick

Christopher Ryan Hardwick is an actor/comedian. He is best known for performing with Mike Phirman in Hard 'n Phirm, hosting "Singled Out", "Wired Science", "Web Soup", and "The Nerdist Podcast", and the current voice of Otis in "Back at the Barnyard". He often shows up at G4TV studio as a guest on "Attack Of The Show". He also does the Nerdist podcast which is a podcast discussing daily life, comedy, pop culture, and includes interviews with other celebrities. In 2011 he began hosting a live half-hour talk show on the AMC network, "Talking Dead".

Hardwick gave up drinking alcohol in 2003. He dated singer Lisa Loeb in 2004. He was in a relationship with actress Janet Varney from 2004 until 2011. Hardwick is married to Lydia Hearst.

Nontheism

'Nontheism' is a term that describes anyone who is not a theist. In other words, a nontheist is anyone who does not have a specific belief in a god or deity. It usually refers to anyone who does not have any religious belief. This is a lot like atheism, but the two terms are often used in different ways.

The term ""nontheism"" was first used by G. J. Holyoake in 1852. He used it because of the bad associations with the term atheism.

Today, about 2.3% of the world's population describes itself as atheist. About 11.9% is described as 'nontheist'. Between 64% and 65% of Japanese describe themselves as atheists, agnostics, or non-believers, and up to 48% in Russia. The percentage of such people in European Union member states ranges between 6% (Italy) and 85% (Sweden).


Inorganic

The word inorganic is used to emphasise that the subject is not organic in origin.


Re-Education (Through Labor)

"Re-Education (Through Labor)" is the first single from the American punk rock band Rise Against's fifth studio album, "Appeal to Reason". The single was released digitally to digital stores and radio stations on August 25, 2008. A music video was released on the same day.

A limited physical version of the single was released on 7" vinyl and can be gotten only by pre-ordering "Appeal to Reason". This version also has a B-side titled "Minor Threat", which is a cover of the song with the same name by Minor Threat.

Appeal to Reason

Appeal to Reason is the fifth studio album by American punk rock band Rise Against. After touring in support of their last album, The Sufferer & the Witness, Rise Against began to record Appeal to Reason in January 2008 at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado. Recording and production were finished in June, and the album was released in North America on October 7, 2008. The album is the band's first release with current guitarist Zach Blair.

"Appeal to Reason" is Rise Against's highest-charting album, getting to number three on the "Billboard" 200 chart and selling 64,700 copies in its first week of release. It got mostly good reviews from critics. The album produced three singles: "Re-Education (Through Labor)", "Audience of One", and "Savior".

Audience of One

"Audience of One" is a song by the American punk rock band Rise Against, written by the band's vocalist Tim McIlrath. It is the second single from their 2008 album Appeal to Reason. Getting to number four on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart, "Audience of One" is Rise Against's third-highest charting single, behind the last single from Appeal to Reason, "Re-Education (Through Labor)", which got to number three and the third single "Savior".

In mid-October 2008, the L.A. radio station KROQ began playing "Audience of One." Its video was told to be shot with director Brett Simon on December 9. On January 15, the video for "Audience of One" was first seen on MySpace. The single was released on CD and 7" vinyl on March 3, 2009 in the UK. The song is also used in "Guitar Hero World Tour".

Tim McIlrath

Tim McIlrath (born November 3, 1978) an American musician. He is the singer, rhythm guitarist, and main songwriter as well as co-founder of the punk rock band Rise Against. McIlrath is known to help animal rights and actively promotes PETA with his band. He follows the straight edge lifestyle, along with Rise Against bassist Joe Principe and guitarist Zach Blair.

Tim McIlrath was born November 3, 1979 in Chicago, Illinois. At a young age he read books such as 1984 by George Orwell and Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, which would inspire his later work. As a child he went to "Our Lady of the Wayside," where he was made fun of for having one brown eye and one blue eye. This is known as heterochromia. As an early teenager, all of Tim's friends were into snowboarding, so Tim saved up money until he had $400 to buy a snowboard. But instead of buying a snowboard, he bought a Gibson SG.

In college, Tim majored in English and Sociology. In his junior year he met Joe Principe at a "Sick of it All" concert show. Joe asked Tim to sing over a few tracks that he and Mr. Precision had taped. That is when Rise Against was formed, and Tim left college.

On the reverse of McIlrath's white "Les Paul" guitar are the words "Out of Step". This is a reference to Minor Threat's album Out of Step. Tim is now married and he and his wife Erin have two daughters, Blythe and Scarlet. They live with him in Arlington Heights, Illinois.

Tim McIlrath began his musical career in his teenage years. Tim was very active in the Chicago local alternative rock/punk scene. His first band was the post hardcore band Baxter. They formed in 1995 along with future "The Lawrence Arms" drummer Neil Hennessy and future "Killing Tree" and "Holy Roman Empire" bassist Geoff Reu.
Their first release was a full length, self released, cassette, "Troy's Bucket", which was released in 1996. "Troy's Bucket" was met with good reviews from reviewers, and Baxter became a popular band in the Chicago underground scene. 

In 1997 they released a 7" EP "Lost Voices" on Static Station Records. After some local touring, the band split up. Tim played bass and sang backup for "The Honor System". He sang on their demo and on some songs on their first album "Single File". He and drummer Neil Hennesy could also be found in a brief lineup of the grind band "Yellow Road Priest", whose members went on to form "Pelican". Following the band's breakup in 1997, Tim formed metalcore band "Arma Angelus", along with singer Pete Wentz, who was to become bassist in mainstream pop punk/emo band Fall Out Boy. McIlrath played bass with the band until 1999 when he quit to form "Transistor Revolt", which would soon become Rise Against.

In 1999 Tim formed the band that would become Rise Against with former "88 Fingers Louie" bassist, Joe Principe, guitarist Dan Precision (Mr. Precision), and drummer Toni Tintari under the name "Transistor Revolt". Drummer Brandon Barnes did not come into the picture until 2001 along with the band name Rise Against. They recorded their first album The Unraveling on Fat Wreck Chords in 2001. 

In 2003 guitarist Mr. Precision left, and Todd Mohney filled in. Later that year they released their second album "Revolutions Per Minute" which was greeted with great success. They toured the United States a lot that year, though by the end of it, Todd left. In order to replace him, former "Reach the Sky" guitarist Chris Chasse joined in 2004 and they released their first album on Geffen records, "Siren Song of the Counter Culture".

With the release of the singles "Give it All", "Swing Life Away", and "Life Less Frightening", Rise Against became more popular with fans, but still kept their underground feeling. After more touring (like a European tour and spots on the Vans Warped tour), the band went back to the studio and recorded their fourth album "The Sufferer & the Witness", which had eight singles ("Ready to Fall, "Prayer of the Refugee", "The Good Left Undone", "Behind Closed Doors", "Drones", "Survive", "Injection", and "Under the Knife".)

They had ended their tour and were back in the studio in the process of making their next album, when Chris Chasse left the band to start a family life.

Rise Against recorded their latest album "Appeal to Reason" with the help of guitarist Zach Blair, who is now a member and has known the band for many years. "Appeal to Reason" was released on October 7, 2008. The band recorded it at The Blasting Room in Fort Collins, Colorado with Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore, who helped make "Revolutions Per Minute" and "The Sufferer & the Witness".

Kris King

Kris King (born February 18, 1966 in Bracebridge, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey left winger that played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Washington Capitals, New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Phoenix Coyotes and the Winnipeg Jets.

Joe Principe

Joe Principe (born November 14, 1974) is the bass guitarist, co-composer and co-founder of the punk rock band Rise Against. He is known for his complex bass patterns in their songs. He is also a strict vegetarian, an animal rights advocate and actively promotes PETA with his band.

Joe started his musical career at age 15, learning to play by ear and influenced during his formative years by Bad Religion, Minor Threat, Bad Brains, the Descendents and other similar bands. Starting out in Chicago punk band 88 Fingers Louie. After 6 years of touring and releasing records with the band, Joe made Rise Against with singer/guitarist Tim McIlrath, former 88 Fingers Louie guitarist Mr. Precision, and drummer Brandon Barnes. In 2002, Mr. Precison left and was replaced by Todd Mohney, who was replaced by Chris Chasse in 2004, who was later replaced by guitarist Zach Blair in 2007. Rise Against released their first two records ("The Unraveling", and "Revolutions Per Minute") on Fat Wreck Chords, and their next two ("Siren Song of the Counter Culture", and "The Sufferer & the Witness") on Geffen.

Colonel

A colonel is a rank of officer in the military. It is usually the highest or second highest rank before General and Field Marshal, but many of the countries represents this post as the highest military officer like Gambia, Libya, Niger, Suriname etc. A colonel is usually in charge of a regiment.

The word comes from the Latin word "columnella" which means column, but it was first used in Italy as the name for the officer in charge of a column. It came into English from French. It is usually said like the word "kernel".

Cy Thomas

Cyril James Thomas (August 5, 1926 – January 2, 2009) was a Welsh NHL ice hockey winger who played 2 seasons for the Chicago Blackhawks and Toronto Maple Leafs. 

Denis Savard

Denis Joseph Savard (born February 4, 1961) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. Savard played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Montreal Canadiens, and the Tampa Bay Lightning.

He was drafted with the 3rd overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1980 NHL Entry Draft. He was known for his trademark move, the 'Savardian Spin-o-rama', a move where Savard whirled around with the puck in a full rotation which allowed him to beat defenders and goaltenders. The term was actually coined by Danny Gallivan, referencing the move performed by Serge Savard.

On June 29, 1990, the Chicago Blackhawks traded Savard to the Montreal Canadiens for star defenceman Chris Chelios and a second-round pick (Mike Pomichter). The trade was considered to be largely in the Blackhawks' favor as Chelios would produce some of his best seasons as a Blackhawk while Savard's career was on the decline. Savard won the Stanley Cup with the Canadiens in 1993.

In the Summer of 1993, he signed as a free agent with the Tampa Bay Lightning, where he played 1½ seasons. On April 6, 1995, he was traded back to the Blackhawks, for a 1996 sixth-round pick (Xavier Delisle). He retired from playing professional ice hockey on June 26, 1997. His jersey number #18 was retired by the Chicago Blackhawks on March 19, 1998 and he was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on November 13, 2000.

After he retired, he became the 36th head coach in Chicago Blackhawks history on November 27, 2006. He was fired in 2008.

Sami Helenius

Sami Helenius (born January 22, 1974 in Helsinki, Finland) was a professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the Pelicans of the SM-liiga and has played in the NHL for the Chicago Blackhawks, Dallas Stars, Calgary Flames, Tampa Bay Lightning and the Colorado Avalanche. He was the team captain of the SM-liiga team Jokerit.

Jeff Hackett

Jeff Hackett (born June 1, 1968 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Blackhawks, New York Islanders, San Jose Sharks, Montreal Canadiens, Boston Bruins and the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

5150: Home 4 tha Sick

5150: Home 4 tha Sick is the first EP by American rapper, Eazy-E. It was released on December 28, 1992. The producers of the album were Naughty by Nature, Cold 187um and Bobby "Bobcat" Ervin. The EP was certified Gold on February 9, 1993 by the RIAA. The EP is now out of print and all the songs that were included the EP are on the remastered version of "Eazy-Duz-It". The only single released on the EP was "Only If You Want It".

Latin Kings

The Latin Kings is an organized Hispanic street gang based in Chicago and New York City. The gang was founded by Puerto Ricans in Chicago, Illinois in 1954.

Hitler Youth

The Hitler Youth was an organization in Nazi Germany for boys from ages 10 to 18. The boys split off from the Hitler Youth when they were 14 to join The League of German Men. All German boys between these ages whom Adolf Hitler considered to be "pure-blooded" Germans, were required to join, and parents who stopped their children from joining could be sent to prison for a long time. In order to get rid of any distractions or other groups that might keep children from being involved with the Hitler Youth, Hitler banned all other youth groups or clubs. The League of German girls was the Girls branch of the Hitler youth and taught girls how to raise families and run fundraisers and metal drives for the Reich Government. 

The purpose of the Hitler Youth was to train children to accept values such as duty to the Nazi Party and to Hitler, and to teach them to be prepared even to give their lives for their country. Many young boys would become solders shortly after their time in the Hitler youth. Even though Hitler youth members had higher ranks than some of the other older soldiers, they could still get heavily reprimanded by the Allied forces. As the war became more desperate many Hitler youth members were pulled out of school to fight as solders, they were often put on suicide missions.



Cookie cutter

A cookie cutter is a piece of equipment to cut dough from cookie dough to cut the dough into pieces to make cookies. 

Many cookie cutters have a shape. Most of them are shaped like a square, star, or a triangle. Also, cookie cutters may come in a circle shape.

Cookie cutters can also be used to make foods other than cookies.They can be used to make small sandwiches, square crackers, and others.

Most cookie cutters are small. There are some that may be big. On November 8, 2019, it was announced Target had started selling big cookie cutters. Cookie cutters in bigger sizes can cut more things like cookie dough. Small cookie cutters are often 2 inches long. Medium-sized cookie cutters are often 3 inches long. Big-sized cookie cutters are often 4 inches long. Walmart also sells big cookie cutters. Smaller cookie cutters cost less, while bigger cookie cutters cost more.

Esa-Oke

Esa Oke is a town in the African country of Nigeria.


Beating heart cadaver

A beating heart cadaver is the body of a dead person that has been connected to a medical ventilator. This will keep the organs of the dead body, including the heart, functioning and alive for a few days. Such a body still functions physically, but the person it belonged to is dead by the law and medicine's definition because there is no longer any conscious brain function possible.

The procedure for caring for a beating heart cadaver is the same as caring for a normal patient. The body must be monitored at all times, and if necessary, "life saving" procedures must be taken. Since the brain does not work, the hormone levels and blood pressure must be controlled by doctors to keep the organs alive. Measures must be taken to prevent infection and maintain normal tissue oxygenation.

A beating heart cadaver is kept alive in order to keep its organs from decaying before they can be transplanted. Surgeons will remove the organs, one after the other, and give them to their patients. The entire recovery process is usually completed within four hours. This process was formerly known as an "Organ Harvest", but the name has since changed to the milder "Organ Recovery." Many organs can be used, and many lives can be saved by one body. The bodies are generally organ donors, who have agreed beforehand to donate their organs. Some donated organs are taken from non-heart-beating donors. Organs from brain deaths, however, have a better success rate, and currently most organ donation is from these deaths.

A beating heart cadaver is often disturbing and confusing. Because the heart is beating and the body is warm, people may have difficulty believing it is dead. Families often like to see the body once it has been removed from the machines and put to rest.


Free radical

A free radical is a molecule with an unpaired electron. The molecule is reactive and seeks another electron to pair. Free radicals are involved in the mechanisms of damage associated with disease development. Examples are hydrogen peroxide, hypochlorite, nitric oxide and nitrogen dioxide. 

A radical is an atom or group of an (?) which possesses electric charge. There are two types of radicals: Cation and anion. Cation are positively charged while anion are negatively charged. Examples of cation are Calcium (Ca), Potassium (K), Hydrogen (H). Examples of anion are Iodide (I), Chlorine (Cl) and Hydroxide (OH). 

The need for antioxidants in peoples’ daily life is becoming more critical with increased exposure to free radicals. Pollution, cigarette smoke, drugs, illness and stress can increase our exposure. 

Attack on Pearl Harbor

The Attack on Pearl Harbor was a surprise attack by the Empire of Japan against the neutral United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. This attack, on the morning of December 7, 1941, led the United States into World War II. 

The Japanese military leadership referred to the attack as the Hawaii Operation, Operation AI, and as Operation Z. 

The Japan wanted time to invade Southeast Asia. Over the course of seven hours several places were attacked. The places governed by the US were Philippines campaign (1941–1942), Guam, and Wake Island. The places in the British Empire attacked were Singapore, Hong Kong and, later, Malaya.

Although the attack was a successful surprise, it should have been expected. It was predicted "in detail". The prediction was in the form of a book originally published in 1925. This was "The Great Pacific War: a history of the AmericanJapanese campaign of 1931". The author was Hector C. Bywater (18841940), a journalist whose speciality was naval warfare. 

The whole story is told in the more recent book "Visions of Infamy" by William C. Honan. And what is more, Bywater's book was translated into Japanese, so we know for certain that it was available to any and all concerned with planning the future of Japanese sea power.

One thing changed from Bywater's book: the U.S. fleet moved its Pacific base from the Philippines to Pearl Harbor. Of course this was known by Japan. When the Japanese got to the Philippines they landed on exactly the place predicted by Bywater except, of course, they had already bombed Pearl Harbor.

The attack started at 7:48 a.m. Hawaiian Time (18:18 GMT). The base was attacked by 353 Japanese aircraft. These planes included fighters, level and dive bombers, and torpedo bombers. The planes attacked in two waves. The planes were launched from six aircraft carriers. All eight US battleships were damaged. All but were later raised. Six were returned to service and went on to fight in the war. Being old, they served for shore bombardment. The Japanese also sank or damaged three cruisers, three destroyers, an anti-aircraft training ship, and one minelayer. A total of 188 U.S. aircraft were destroyed. 2,403 Americans were killed and 1,178 others were wounded. Important base installations were not attacked. These facilities included the power station, dry dock, shipyard, maintenance facilities, fuel and torpedo storage facilities, submarine piers, and the headquarters building. Japan did not lose many people. Japan lost 29 aircraft and five midget submarines. 64 Japanese soldiers died. Kazuo Sakamaki, who was in charge of one of the submarines, was captured. He was the first Japanese soldier taken prisoner by the United States.

Japan declared war on the United States and the British Empire the same day. Due to an error, the British and Americans did not know until the next day. The British government declared war on Japan immediately after being attacked. On December 8th, the United States Congress declared war on Japan. On December 11, Germany and Italy declared war on the United States. The U.S. which responded with a 1941 declaration of war upon Germany and a declaration of war upon Italy. 

President Franklin D. Roosevelt proclaimed December 7, 1941, "a date which will live in infamy". Attacking without declaring war is against the laws of war. As a result, the attack on Pearl Harbor was later judged in the Tokyo Trials to be a war crime.

Japan and the US knew they might go to war. They had been planning for war since the 1920's. Japan was concerned about the new American control of Hawaii and the Philippines. Japan thought those territories were within their sphere of influence.

Japan had taken a heated stance when the United States opposed the Racial Equality Proposal to amend the Treaty of Versailles. Despite this, the two nations were still friendly and traded. Tensions seriously grew with Japan's invasion of Manchuria in 1931. Over the next decade, Japan expanded into China. This led to the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937. Japan spent great effort trying to isolate China. They also tried to gain independent resources to attain victory on the mainland. The "Southern Operation" was designed to assist these efforts by conquering Southeast Asia.

Starting in December 1937, events such as the Japanese attack on USS "Panay", the Allison incident, and the Nanking Massacre made Western citizens dislike Japan.. The U.S. unsuccessfully proposed a joint action with the British to blockade Japan. In 1938, U.S. companies stopped providing Japan with implements of war. This was due to an appeal by President Roosevelt.

In 1940, Japan invaded French Indochina, They did this to try and stop the flow of supplies reaching China. The United States halted shipments of airplanes, parts, machine tools, and aviation gasoline to Japan. Japan saw this as an unfriendly act. The United States did not stop oil exports. This was because Japan was dependent on US oil. Removing the oil would cause hostile relations.

Behind the attack is a reason, and that reason is the shortage of raw materials in Japan (and similar island chains such as Hawaii). In such island chains there is a shortage of raw materials, particularly those of metals and coal. The shortage of metals is due to the island chains (such as Hawaii, Japan, Galapagos etc.) having a volcanic origin, rather than coming from an ancient craton. The United Kingdom, small as it is, has its origin in two ancient cratons which became part part of a much larger continent. Almost all the elements produced in stars are present in the UK in some amount, however small. Iron is there in plenty and many rare metals can be found.

Japan is a typical island chain produced by comparatively recent volcanic action. It suffers from a shortage of rare elements. It is short of some minerals which are not rare: such as iron and coal. The lands it conquered have all the resources which Japan needed (and always will need). One example: Japan lacks iron. This is why traditional Japan makes such use of bamboo as a building material. But Western Australia has mountains virtually made of iron. This is where modern Japan gets most of its iron for making steel.



Dracunculus

Dracunculus is a genus of plants in the family Araceae. They have a large purple spathe and spadix, and a foul smell.

There are only three species of "Dracunculus". "Dracunculus vulgaris" grows in Southern Europe and Northern Africa. "Dracunculus canariensis" grows in Canary Islands and Madeira.

All of these plants are herbs with tubers. The individual flowers flowers are tiny: they are gathered in an inflorescence.

Common names for this plant are "Snake Lily", "Dragon Arum", "Black Dragon", "Voodoo Lily", "Ragons", "Black Arum", "Dragonwort" and "Stink Lily".

"Dracunculus vulgaris" is cultivated as a garden plant.

Poughkeepsie Bridge

The Poughkeepsie Bridge (sometimes known as the Poughkeepsie Railroad Bridge or the Poughkeepsie-Highland Railroad Bridge) is a cantilever bridge over the Hudson River. It goes from Poughkeepsie, New York on the east side to Highland, New York on the west side. It was built for trains and was completed on January 1, 1889. It closed down on May 8, 1974 after a bad fire. It became part of the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. On October 3, 2009, the bridge was opened to the public as a pedestrian bridge and New York State Park. It is now known as the Walkway Over the Hudson. It cost $39 million to improve it.

Shehnai

A Shehnai is a South Asian music instrument which is normally played at marriages and other ceremonies, rites and rituals. The word itself is of Turkish origin, combining 'Sheh' (or 'Shah') 'Royal' and '-Nai' or 'Ney', a type of Flute. A version of the "Shehnai", the "Surnai", is also played in the Northern and North-western areas of India and Pakistan, in particular at traditional Polo matches.

Also referred as Nadasvaram in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. It is usually made of wood and it has to be blown like a flute to play it. 

Ustaad Bismillah Khan is considered as the maestro of Shehnai.

Verne Troyer

Verne Jay Troyer (January 1, 1969 – April 21, 2018) was an American actor, director, stuntman, voice artist, and comedian. He was tall. He was best known for playing Mini-Me in the "Austin Powers" movies. Troyer also guest-hosted WWE Raw on November 30, 2009.

On April 21, 2018, Troyer died in Los Angeles, California while being hospitalized with alcoholism complications and a failed suicide attempt. His manner of death was ruled as suicide. His cause of death was alcohol poisoning.


Brandon Barnes

Brandon Barnes (born October 10, 1972) is an American musician. He is best known as the drummer and co-composer for the hardcore punk band Rise Against. He lives with his wife, son and daughter in Colorado.

Brandon studied music in college and played drums in the University of Colorado music program. He knew then he wanted to make music his career. By listening to his favorite drummers such as Elvin Jones, Tony Williams, Terry Bozzio, Peter Erskin, and Dave Lombardo, Brandon got the style of playing he has used in many bands over the last 10 years.
Brandon joined Rise Against in 2000 after the breakup of "Pinhead Circus" and was on the 2001 release and tour of The Unraveling. Since then, Brandon Barnes is continuing to play in Rise Against and has made drum tracks for all six of their albums.



Elizabeth Cady Stanton

Elizabeth Cady Stanton (November 12, 1815 – October 26, 1902) was an American social activist, abolitionist, and leading figure of the early women's rights movement along with Susan B. Anthony. Her Declaration of Sentiments, presented at the first women's rights convention held in 1848 in Seneca Falls, New York, is often credited with initiating the first organized women's rights and women's suffrage movements in the United States.

Stanton received a very good education. That was not common for women during that time. She married Henry Stanton, who fought against slavery. They had seven children. She became interested in women's rights when she was at a World's Anti-Slavery meeting in London. She and Lucretia Mott, another activist, were upset because women were not allowed to be a part of the meeting. Because of this, they created their own women's rights meeting.

The first meeting was in 1848 in Seneca Falls, New York. Stanton wrote "The Declaration of Sentiments" which was about the need for changes. Some of the changes they wanted were allowing women to vote and making women be equal to men in society. The "Declaration" was signed by the women at the conference. Stanton continued to fight for women's rights by spreading petitions throughout New York. These petitions were meant to push the New York Congress into passing the New York Married Women's Property Act.

In 1851, Stanton met Susan B. Anthony, another famous activist. Stanton and Anthony worked together for a very long time. Together they wrote speeches, articles, and books. Stanton and Anthony were leaders of the women's rights movement for more than fifty years.

Stanton and Matilda Gage wrote the "Declaration or Rights". That was presented by Susan B. Anthony at the Philadelphia Centennial in 1876. Stanton traveled around the country and position as president of the National Woman Suffrage Association. During her travels she spoke about current social issues having to do with women's rights. Some of the issues were divorce laws and raising children.

In her later years, Stanton was still politically active, although she didn't travel as much. She wrote, with Anthony and Gage, books called the "History of Woman Suffrage" from 1881 to 1885. She also published the "Woman's Bible". She wrote a book about her life called "Eighty Years and More". Stanton died in 1902 in New York City, only eighteen years before women were allowed to vote.


Newgrounds

Newgrounds is a website hosted in Glenside, Pennsylvania, United States. Created in 1995 by Tom Fulp, the site has animations, video games, arts and musics. On April 6, 2000, the site became the first automated content-upload website and also added the voting and review system. On April 20, 2021, the site was crash because of the rhythm game "Friday Night Funkin'" . on April 7, 2000, they introduced the portal let other people upload stuff without requesting


Moscow Kremlin

The Moscow Kremlin, usually just called the Kremlin, is a fortress in the center of Moscow, where most of the Russian government works. It is on the left bank of the Moskva River and southwest of Red Square.

It is where the President of Russia works and may live. The term "the Kremlin" is often used to mean the Russian government. 

The Kremlin and Red Square are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.


Samson (disambiguation)

Samson is a person from the Bible known for his strength.

Samson may also refer to:

Samson (band), a British rock band formed in 1977

Jerry Brown

Edmund Gerald Brown Jr. (born April 7, 1938) is an American politician. He was the 39th Governor of California from 2011 to 2019. He was also the 34th Governor of California from 1975 to 1983. In 2010, he was elected Governor of California. On November 4, 2014, he was re-elected governor. Brown is a member of the Democratic Party. He has also been California's Secretary of State, Attorney General of California, and was the mayor of Oakland for eight years. He ran for President of the United States in the Democratic primaries in 1976, 1980 and in 1992.

Brown was born in San Francisco, California. His father was Pat Brown who also served as Governor of California until losing re-election to Ronald Reagan. His mother was Bernice Layne Brown. He was raised in San Francisco. Brown studied at Yale University and at the University of California, Berkeley.

Brown began his political career as a member of the Los Angeles Community College District Board of Trustees from 1969 to 1971. He later served as Secretary of State of California from 1971 to 1975.

Elected Governor in 1974 at age 36, Brown was the youngest California governor in 111 years.

Brown declined to run for a third term in 1982, instead running for the United States Senate in 1982. However, he was defeated by Republican Mayor Pete Wilson (who himself would later become governor), and many considered his political career to be over. After travelling abroad, Brown returned to California and served as Chairman of the California Democratic Party (1989–1991), resigning to run for the Senate again in 1992.

Running against Meg Whitman in 2010, Brown became the 39th Governor in 2011; on October 7, 2013, he became the longest-serving governor in California history, surpassing Earl Warren. He was reelected in 2014 with sixty percent of the vote. As a consequence of the 28-year gap between his second and third terms, Brown has been both the sixth-youngest California governor (the youngest since 1863) and the oldest California governor in history.

On November 23, 2017, Brown pardoned 70 year old Craig Richard Coley after DNA tests showed he was not involved in the murders of his ex girlfriend and her son in 1978.

Brown had been thought likely to run for the Democratic nomination for President in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. He had expressed some interest in doing so, particularly if Hillary Clinton did not run. However, in an interview in 2014, Brown ruled out running. He did not rule out running for another term as Mayor of Oakland, saying that "I wouldn't mind being mayor of Oakland. But I don't know, when I'm 80 and a half, whether I'll have the same appetite. I'm very excited doing this job. [Still], I don't want to foreclose my options for four years from now."

In an interview by CNN during the second Republican Primary debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, Brown hinted at a possible presidential bid in 2016. He stated that "I'll jump in when the time is appropriate".

Brown married his girlfriend of fifteen years, Anne Gust, in 2005.

In April 2011 Brown had surgery to remove a basal-cell carcinoma from the right side of his nose. In December 2012, media outlets reported that Brown was being treated for early stage (the precise stage and grade was not stated) localized prostate cancer with a very good health.

The official gubernatorial portrait of Jerry Brown, painted for his first term as Governor of California, was painted by Don Bachardy. It was shown to the public for the first time in 1984. The painting is controversial because it is not like all of the other portraits.


Comune

The (; plural: ) is a basic administrative division in Italy. It is about the same as a township or municipality.

Pavlova (food)

Pavlova is a meringue-based dessert named after the Russian ballet dancer Anna Pavlova. It is a cake with a crispy crust and soft, light inside. 

People believe the dessert was made to celebrate one of the dancer's tours to Australia and New Zealand in the 1920s. The two countries have argued for a long time over where it was created.

The dessert is very popular in both countries and often eaten on special occasions. It is usually served with cream and fruit.

Research shows that the pavlova was first made in New Holland. Keith Money wrote that a New Zealand chef in a hotel in Wellington, New Zealand, created the dish when Pavlova visited as part of her world tour in 1926.

Professor Helen Leach, who studies the history of food at the University of Otago in New Zealand, collected 667 pavlova recipes. Her book, "The Pavlova Story: A Slice of New Zealand’s Culinary History", says that the first Australian pavlova recipe was made in 1935, and the recipe in the rural magazine "NZ Dairy Exporter Annual" was made in 1929. 

The Australian website "Australian Flavour" gives an even earlier date, 1926, when "Home Cookery for New Zealand" by E Futter had a recipe for “Meringue with Fruit Filling.” The recipe was almost the same as a pavlova. 

Meringue

A meringue () is a type of dessert made from whipping egg whites and sugar. Some meringue recipes also ask for cream of tartar or cornstarch to hold it together. Meringues are often flavoured with vanilla and a small amount of almond or coconut extract. They are light, airy and sweet.

People do not agree whether meringue was invented in the Swiss town of Meiringen by an Italian chef named Gasparini. They are more sure that the name "meringue" was first seen in 1692, in a cookbook by François Massialot. The word "meringue" was first used in English in 1706 in an English translation of Massialot's book. There are two English recipe books that have a recipe for meringue, but it is called "white biskit bread" in the book of recipes started in 1604 by Lady Elinor Fettiplace, or called "pets" in the manuscript of collected recipes written by Lady Rachel Fane.

There are many types of meringue. The usual type is dry and crisp.

One type is the half-cooked type on queen of puddings, key lime pie, and lemon meringue pie. There are also uncooked meringues, and other types of meringues cooked in different ways.

Cooked meringue cannot be refrigerated or it will become soggy. They will keep for at least a week if stored in an airtight container.

Meringue is also used as a topping on other desserts, such as angel food cake, pavlova, and baked Alaska.

Faggot (slang)

Faggot (or fag) is an insulting term for a homosexual person. It is usually used to refer to gay men. Many people, especially homosexuals, see it as hate speech. Most prefer the term gay, or sometimes queer. Queer has been taken back for use by the LGBTQ+ community, even with the way the word has been used in the past.

Younger people (including LGBT people) often use terms like "gay," "fag," "faggot," and "poofter" as insults towards people that they don't like. This use many times does not actually link the word to homosexuality and is therefore not seen as homophobic by the LGBTQIA+ community.

Zach Blair

Zach Blair (born December 26, 1974) is the lead guitarist and co-composer for Chicago-based hardcore punk band Rise Against. Before joining Rise Against in early 2007, Blair was a member of hardcore punk group called Only Crime along with his brother, Doni Blair who currently plays with the Toadies. He has also been a 2nd touring guitarist for The Loved Ones and was the 2nd guitarist on the instrumental band "The Mag Seven's" album "The Future Is Ours, If You Can Count".

Blair is a vegetarian, an animal rights advocate and actively promotes PETA with the other members of Rise Against. Their newest release, "Appeal to Reason" is Rise Againsts' first album with Blair.

Warning colouration

Warning coloration (or aposematism) is how animals let other animals know that they are poisonous or dangerous. It is the exact opposite of camouflage. Warning colors are usually some combination of red, yellow, black and white.

Alfred Russel Wallace, a British naturalist, explained it this way, in 1889:

Wallace predicted that birds and other predators would reject conspicuous prey whilst accepting cryptic prey. Later reports confirmed this.

Animals with warning colors move slowly and expose themselves to sight. The sluggishness and exposure helps to advertise their defense. Along with the color and behavior often goes the foul smell of their chemical weapons. The grasshopper "Aularches miliaris" is a very good example. Noxious caterpillars often have thick, leathery cuticles which help them to resist young birds making a 'test'. When the bird takes a peck, disgusting fluid seeps out from special glands on its back. The caterpillar (or other larva) will often survive such an attack, and the young bird has learnt a lesson it will never forget. All in all, the predator is given good warning. Tests show that warning colors definitely do deter predators.

Some individual animals will die or receive damage while birds or mammals on the attack learn about the connection between color and taste. However, if warning costs less than hiding, the animal benefits. And the advertising traits such as colors may serve other functions as well. The patterns may help mate identification within the species, for instance.

Warning coloration is the basis of two different kinds of mimicry: Müllerian mimicry and Batesian mimicry.

There are a number of predators which eat toxic animals. Cases which have been studied suggest there is some kind of cost to be borne for their relative immunity to the toxin.

The rough-skinned newt is toxic, and displays its warning color by showing its abdomen. Throughout much of the newt’s range, the common garter snake ("Thamnophis sirtalis") is resistant to the toxin. In several populations, these snakes successfully prey upon the newts. Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals that can eat these newts and survive.

The snake’s resistance to the toxin has resulted in a selective pressure that favours newts which produce more potent levels of toxin. Increases in newt toxicity then causes a selective pressure favouring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance. The price paid by the snakes is that their digestion and body metabolism is slower than related species. Really resistant snakes have slower crawl speeds than snakes with little or no resistance.

This is an example of co-evolution. This cycle of a predator and prey co-evolving is sometimes called an evolutionary arms race. In this case it results in the newts producing levels of toxin far in excess of what is needed to kill any other conceivable predator.

Animals can, and do, show bright colors which have other functions. The most common functions are:
However, the bright colors used for these functions tend to be different from the standard warning patterns and colors. 

The coloring of many species has unknown function. This is usually because their life habits have not been studied sufficiently, and because no field tests have been done. One example is the moth "Utetheisa pulchella", the crimson speckled moth. Its association with the plant "Dittrichia viscosa", which has a somewhat unpleasant smell, suggest the moth has warning coloration, but the matter is not settled. The related species "Utetheisa ornatrix", which feeds on other plants, is known to exude (squeeze out) alkaloids to put predators off.

Sawfly

A sawfly is an insect belonging to suborder Symphyta of the order Hymenoptera. The sawflies are a group of largely plant-eating (herbivorous) insects. The group is less specialised than the ants, bees and wasps.

Sawflies differ from most other Hymenoptera by their broad connection between the abdomen and the thorax, and by their caterpillar-like larvae. The common name comes from the saw-like appearance of the ovipositor, which the females use to cut into the plants where they lay their eggs. Large populations of certain sawfly species may cause economic damage to forests and cultivated plants. 

As of 2013, the Symphyta are treated as nine superfamilies (one extinct) and 25 families. Most sawflies belong to the Tenthredinoidea superfamily, with about 7,000 species worldwide. Tenthredinoidea has six families, of which Tenthredinidae is by far the largest with some 5,500 species.

The Xyelidae is a small family of sawflies known from fewer than 50 living species in five genera, with an extensive fossil record. They are the oldest fossil Hymenoptera, dating back to the Triassic, some 200 million years ago. 

Most species occur in the Northern hemisphere, especially in boreal regions, though there are a few neotropical species. Most are associated with conifers (esp. "Pinus" and "Abies"), where the larvae feed on pollen or within buds, though larvae of a few species feed on the leaves of deciduous trees.

Catarina Pereira

Catarina Pereira (born June 13, 1990) is a Portuguese singer and actress. She competed with her song, "Canta por mim" (Sing for me), for the chance to sing for Portugal at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. She had the lead role in the Portuguese production of "High School Musical".


Captain Planet and the Planeteers

Captain Planet and the Planeteers is an American animated environmentalist television program, based on an idea by Ted Turner and produced by Andy Heyward, Robby London, Barbara Pyle and Nicholas Boxer. The series was developed and co-produced by Turner Program Services along with the partnership of DiC Entertainment and ran new episodes from September 10, 1990 until December 5, 1992. A second series, "The New Adventures of Captain Planet", ran for three seasons and was produced by Turner Broadcasting and then-corporate sibling Hanna-Barbera Productions. Both programs continue today in syndication.


Protectionism

Protectionism means that a country has laws or other rules that make it easier for their own products and brands to sell by making goods from foreign countries more expensive or harder to get.

The idea of protectionism is to stop imports (when people buy goods from other countries instead of from their own). Mercantilism is one kind of protectionism.

For example, if farmers from Argentina are selling wheat at a lower price than French farmers are, French people would buy more wheat from Argentine farmers than from French farmers, and French farmers would not get so much money.

The benefits to protectionism is that some people in a country would make more money because they would be able to sell things at higher prices, but on the other hand, other people would lose money because they wouldn't be able to buy the things from other countries that sell them cheaper.

Many protectionists (people who believe in protectionism) support big tariffs (taxes on a trade involving a foreign country) because the government can get a lot of money from the tariffs.

When a country raises a tariff on another country, usually the other country raises their tariffs on that country to get even. This is called a trade war.

Tariffs were popular in the United States during the 1800s, but when the United States made the Hawley-Smoot Tariff a law in 1930, it raised tariffs very high on Europe. In response, Europe raised its tariffs on the United States, which resulted in a trade war. Many economists and historians believe that the tariffs made the Great Depression worse.

Trade-protectionism is favoured by economic nationalists and left-wing parties.

Protectionism is no longer popular now. Instead, people support free trade (the opposite of protectionism where the government makes it easier for the country to trade with other countries). Free trade is favoured by right-wing parties.



Led Zeppelin (album)

Led Zeppelin is the first album from English rock band Led Zeppelin, released on 12 January 1969. The album was recorded in 1968 and is notable for being one of the most influential albums of all time, especially inspiring future heavy metal and hard rock bands. The album did not get good reviews by critics in 1969 but the album still sold many copies, today, the album is generally seen as a rock classic. 
On the album, guitarist and producer Jimmy Page used many different techniques to get a unique sound. For example, he recorded the instruments from far away instead of putting the microphone right in front of the amplifier or drum set, this gives a different sound, like it sounds in the room when it was played. 

Official website 

Davy Crockett

David Crockett (August 17, 1786 – March 6, 1836) was an American frontiersman, soldier, politician, and folk hero. He is more often called Davy Crockett. He also has the nickname “King of the Wild Frontier”. He represented Tennessee in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1827 to 1831 and again from 1833 to 1835. Fighting in the Texas Revolution, he was executed in the Battle of the Alamo at the age of 49.

Crockett was born in Tennessee. A replica of the cabin In which he was born stands today in Davy Crockett Birthplace State Park, in Tennessee.
The Crockett family's name comes from the name "Monsieur de la Croquetagne". Monsieur de la Croquetagne was a captain in the Royal Guard of French King Louis XIV. The family became Protestants and ran away from France in the 17th century. Crockett did not have an easy childhood. He traveled around a lot and had many of adventures. He started to hunt with his brothers before his 9th birthday. A little after he started going to school, he beat up a bully. He stopped going to school so that his teacher would not punish him. His teacher told his father that Crockett was not at school. He ran away from home so that his father would not beat him. He started moving around Tennessee, Virginia, and other places, according to a book that Crockett wrote about himself.

He came back home when he was 15, and his family welcomed him. He married Mary (Polly) Finley a day before his 20th birthday. They had three children, but Polly died at a young age.

He married another woman, Elizabeth Patton in 1815. They had three children, together.

Crockett served in the Tennessee Militia for a few years and ran for Congress in 1824. He lost his election but ran again in the next election. In 1827, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. As a Representative, he became angry with President Andrew Jackson's Indian Removal Act, which forced Native Americans to leave their land. He lost his re-election in 1830. However, he ran again in 1832 and won.

In 1834, he wrote a book about himself, "A Narrative of the Life of David Crockett. Written by Himself". He lost re-election to Congress that year.

Around December 1834, Crockett told some of his friends that he might move to Texas if Martin Van Buren became the next president of the United States. The next year, he talked to his friend Benjamin McCulloch about going to Texas, which the belonged to Mexico, but some people fought in the Texas Revolution against Mexico. Van Buren was elected president and so Crockett left Tennessee on Nov. 1, 1835 with three other men to go to Texas and said, "You may all go to hell and I will go to Texas."

He arrived in Nacogdoches, Texas, in early January 1836. On January 14, 1836, Crockett and 65 other men signed an oath before Judge John Forbes to the Provisional Government of Texas for six months that said, "I have taken the oath of government and have enrolled my name as a volunteer and will set out for the Rio Grande in a few days with the volunteers from the United States." Each man was promised about 4,600 acres (19 km²) of land.

He showed up at the Alamo on February 8, where over 100 other men were there. On February 23, a Mexican army, led by General Antonio López de Santa Anna, surrounded the Alamo and was ready to take it over. After the Mexican army had been there for eight days, 32 other men showed up to help Crockett and the other men defend the Alamo.

On March 6, according to Susana Dickinson, before running to his post, Crockett stopped in the chapel to pray. When the Mexican soldiers made it over the walls of the Alamo, they pushed the few remaining defenders back toward the church. The Battle of the Alamo lasted almost 90 minutes. All of the men defending the Alamo died, including Crockett.

Even while he was still alive, many books and plays were written about Crockett's life, some of which stretched the truth. Since his death, he has become a popular figure in American folklore. In the 1950s, there was a television show about him with a song called "The Ballad of Davy Crockett," which was very popular. Many children wore "coonskin" hats to look like him.



Early Christianity

Early Christianity is known as the Christianity of around the three centuries (1st, 2nd, 3rd, early 4th) between the time of the Crucifixion of Jesus (c.26-36) and the First Council of Nicaea in 325.

Since the 19th century, historians have learned more about the early Christian community. Books written early in the time period, such as the Didache (in second-millennium copies) and the Gospel of Thomas (in two manuscripts dated as early as about 200 and 340) as well as parts from the Jewish-Christian Gospels have been found again in the last 200 years

At the beginning of Christian history, the church was in Jerusalem, in an "upper room" perhaps where the Cenacle is today, and leaders included James, Peter, and John. The major source for the Apostolic Age (c.30-c.100) is the "Acts of the Apostles". Following the Great Commission, the missionary actions of the Apostles, including Paul of Tarsus who said the title of "Apostle to the Gentiles", spread Christianity to cities in the Hellenistic world, such as Alexandria and Antioch, and also to Rome and even beyond the Roman Empire. The term "Christian" was first applied to members of the church at Antioch according to . The New Testament includes letters written by Paul to churches, such as those in Thessalonica and Corinth, during the years 50-62, see also Seven Churches of Asia. Early Christians continued the Jewish practice of respect for the Jewish Scriptures, using the Septuagint translation of Hellenistic Judaism that was in general use among Greek-speakers, or the Targums in use among Aramaic-speakers, but added to it their own writings.

Hops

Hops are the flowers of the hop plant, which are in the humulus genus. Hops look like little cones, and are used to make beer. They give the beer a bitter flavor. They have been used to make beer for many centuries, and were used by the Romans in the Roman Empire. 

Priscilla Ahn

Priscilla Ahn (born March 9, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter. 

In 2008, Blue Note Reco.rds released her first full-length album, "A Good Day". Ahn went on a national tour that June. Ahn has toured with Willie Nelson, Amos Lee, Ray LaMontagne, Devotchka and Joshua Radin. Ahn's songs have been on television shows and movies. She has made appearances on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Dancing with the Stars and NPR. 







White Australia policy

The White Australia Policy was the name given to laws that stopped non white immigrants from coming to live in Australia. These laws were put in place in 1901, and were repealed from the 1950s to 1970s

In 1901, 98% of people living in Australia were of European background, with "clean" skin, and with British laws and customs. The government wanted to keep Australia this way. This had an influence on the type of people living in Australia. In 2001, many Australians claimed to have fathers from Europe. About six percent were Asian, and about two percent were Aboriginals. In 2018, overall, about 76% of Australians were white, though about 95% of the countries leaders were white.

In the 1850s many Chinese people, mainly men, came to Australia to search for gold. This lead to anti-Chinese riots on the goldfields at Lambing Flat in New South Wales, and at the Buckland River diggings in Victoria. The Victorian government tried to stop more Chinese from arriving, by charging a special tax of £10 for every Chinese person who came on a ship to Victoria. In 1861 New South Wales passed laws to stop Chinese people coming, and Queensland passed laws in 1877, and Western Australia in 1886. Later men from the Pacific Islands, called "kanakas", were brought to Australia to work on the sugarcane farms in Queensland. This also caused problems because they worked for much lower wages than other people. The new Federal government of Australia acted in 1901 to stop certain types of people coming to work or live in Australia.

The Immigration Restriction Act (1901) listed who could come to Australia and who would not be allowed into the country. The following types of people were not allowed:

This test was made to keep out anyone that the Australian government did not want to allow into Australia without being seen to be racist. Anyone who wanted to come to Australia had to be literate, that is be able to read and write. This would be proved with a dictation test. A person had to be able to write down something read to them in a European language by a government official. It did not have to be in a language that they understood. At first the test was to be given in English, but the government thought that American negroes and Japanese people would be able to pass the test. For example, to keep out people from Malta, they were given the test in Dutch. One person who spoke several languages was given the test in Gaelic. The test could also be given to people in the first year that they were living in Australia. In 1932, this was changed to the first five years, and it could be given many times. From 1902 to 1909, the test was given to 1359 people, and only 52 passed. After 1909, no person passed the test. Anyone who failed the test was forced to leave Australia. This law was used until 1958.

After World War II the Australian government wanted to attract migrants. The Ben Chifley Labor Government started the Snowy Mountains Scheme which needed a large population of labourers. Australians worried less about taking people from different cultures. Through the 1950s, many Southern and Eastern European refugees resettled in Australia, leaving a Europe still recovering from World War II or the Communist Eastern-Block behind. Liberal Prime Minister Robert Menzies' Government brought in the Colombo Plan which brought Asian students to Australian universities to help Asian development. In 1958, Menzies ended the "dictation test" and the Government said well qualified non-Europeans would be suitable. Other laws made it easier to bring non-Europeans to Australia. Prime Minister Harold Holt's "Migration Act, 1966" effectively ended the White Australian Policy so that migrants from different parts of the world could come to Australia, like refugees from the Vietnam War. Finally in 1973, the Gough Whitlam Labor Government made a law that Australian immigration officers should "totally disregard race" when considering migrants. But Whitlam took in less migrants in total, and the number of migrants from outside Europe did not increase until the Malcolm Fraser Liberal Government (1975-1983).


Swastika

The Swastika is a cross with its arms bent at right angles, in either left-facing or right-facing forms. It is a widely-used religious symbol in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. The symbol was also used in pre-Christian Europe. The word "Swastika" became part of the English language in the nineteenth century with the British conquest of India. In the 1920s, the Nazi party chose the swastika as its symbol and it is for this association that it is best known in the Western world.

The Swastika is a sacred symbol in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. It is also a sign of spiritual purity. The swastika was a letter in the ancient Sanskrit language. It meant luck or well being. It is also found on Byzantine buildings, Ancient Greek coinage and in Native American burial sites.

The swastika was a symbol used by the Nazi Party in Germany, and later by the Third Reich. Adolf Hitler chose it as the symbol of the German Workers Party after he joined. Before Hitler, members had already worn swastika armbands. (They believed they were adopting an ancient European symbol; they were seemingly unaware of its continued use in the East.) Hitler was responsible for its red, white and black coloring. From 1935 – 1945 it was used on the German flag. The symbol became stigmatized because of its association with Nazi war crimes.

Since shortly after World War II, it has been illegal in Germany and Austria to display the swastika and other Nazi symbols. The swastikas on Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain temples are exempt from this law, because religious symbols cannot be banned in Germany.

Since at least the early 2000s, Hindus, Buddhists and Jains have become more and more upset and annoyed to see their holy symbol being used as a badge of hatred by racists and neo-Nazis. One way that they have tried to reestablish their symbol as one of peace and good fortune is to try to encourage use its name in German, "Hakenkreuz" (hooked cross), when writing about the Nazis' version of it. (Although the Asian religions usually show the symbol in vertical/horizontal orientation and the Nazis usually showed it diagonally, neither group (especially the Nazis) did so consistently.) As of 2022, it does not seems that this campaign has achieved success yet: the Western media continue to use the name "swastika" when writing about neo-Nazi use of it.


Hartford Whalers

The Hartford Whalers were a professional ice hockey team from Hartford, Connecticut. The Whalers played in the National Hockey League for 18 seasons. The team began playing in the NHL and were originally called the New England Whalers before being renamed the Hartford Whalers in 1979. The Whalers were relocated to Raleigh, North Carolina and were renamed the Carolina Hurricanes in 1997.

Winnipeg Jets

The Winnipeg Jets are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL. The team plays in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada at Canada Life Centre. They were founded in 2011 when the Atlanta Thrashers were bought by Winnipeg-based company, True North Sports and Entertainment and were moved back to Winnipeg. The team announced the "Winnipeg Jets" as their name when they selected 7th in the first round of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft on June 25, 2011. Kevin Cheveldayoff was named its first General Manager on June 8, 2011 and Claude Noel was named the new head coach of the Jets on June 23, 2011.

The original Winnipeg Jets played in the NHL from 1972 to 1996. This team is now known as the Arizona Coyotes.


Saab 9-3

The Saab 9-3 is a car produced by Saab since 1998. It is the successor of the 900, and it is now in its Second generation.

Saab 9-5

The Saab 9-5 is a car produced by Saab since 1997. It is the successor of the 9000, and it is now in its Second generation.

Saab 9000

The Saab 9000 was a car produced by Saab from 1985 through 1998. It was successed by the 9-5.

Saab 900

The Saab 900 was a car produced by Saab from 1978 through 1998. It was succeeded by the 9-3.

Easter Bunny

The Easter Bunny (or Easter Hare) is a character depicted as an anthropomorphic rabbit. In old stories, the creature brings baskets filled with colored eggs, candy and toys to the homes of children on the night before Easter. The Easter Bunny will either put the baskets in a certain place or hide them somewhere in the house for the children to find when they wake up in the morning.

The Easter Bunny is similar to Christmas's Santa Claus, as they both bring gifts to good children on the night before the holidays they are related to.

Alberto Núñez Feijoo

Alberto Núñez Feijoo (born September 10, 1961) is a Spanish politician. He was elected President of the People's Party and Leader of the Opposition in 2022. He was the 7th and current President of the Regional Government of Galicia since 2009 until 2022. He was the leader of the Galician People's Party, the main conservative political party which defeated the socialists in the elections of 2009 and again in the elections of 2012.

Feijoo is a strong admirer of Manuel Fraga, although he does not govern Galicia in the same manner.

Núñez Feijoo studied law in Santiago de Compostela. He is married to the journalist Carmen Gámir.

His party had the most votes on the 2023 Spanish general election, but could not find enough allies to form a government. His rival Pedro Sánchez could form a government on November.

Lincoln Logs

Lincoln Logs is the name of a children's toy. They are small logs made for children to build with. They were invented in Chicago, Illinois by John Lloyd Wright, son of the architect Frank Lloyd Wright.

Lincoln Logs were added into the United States National Toy Hall of Fame in 1999.

Led Zeppelin II

Led Zeppelin II is the second album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin. It was released on October 22, 1969, it was recorded in 1969 in many different studios. The album sounds a lot like the first album with a few hard rock songs and blues covers, but they also did some new things with the love song "Thank You" and the drum solo "Moby Dick". The most famous song from the album is "Whole Lotta Love", the riff is one of the most well known in the rock genre. Guitarist and producer Jimmy Page worked with engineer Eddie Kramer to create many unusual sounds, for example, on "Whole Lotta Love", they used a technique known as backward echoing.


Official website 

Led Zeppelin III

Led Zeppelin III is the third album from the band Led Zeppelin, released on October 22, 1970. Many of the songs were written while Jimmy Page and Robert Plant visited a cottage in Wales, in a place called Bron-Yr-Aur. The musicians were inspired by the Welsh countryside, and because of this, many songs on the album are written in the style of folk and country. This upset many fans at the time who said that the band should focus on making more rock music, but there were still some rock songs on the album, such as "Immigrant Song" and "Celebration Day”.



Avalon (song)

"Avalon" is a popular jazz song. It was written by Al Jolson, Buddy DeSylva and Vincent Rose in 1920. It was first recorded by Jolson and used in the musicals "Sinbad" and "Bombo". Jolson's version became #2 on the American singles chart. It is possible that Rose wrote the song alone, and that Jolson's name was used in the credits because he was a popular artist and helped make the song popular. At first only Rose and Jolson were marked as the writers, and DeSylva's name was added later.

Many jazz artists have recorded the song, for example Cab Calloway (1934), Coleman Hawkins (1935) and Eddie Durham (1936). Benny Goodman played the song in his concert in Carnegie Hall in 1938. The song was also played in the films "The Jolson Story" (1946) and "The Benny Goodman Story" (1956).

The melody at the beginning of the song was taken from Giacomo Puccini's opera "Tosca", and Rose changed it only a little. Because of this, a court later decided that Jolson and Rose had to pay Puccini's publishers $25,000 and all later profits from the song.


Phoney War

The Phoney War was a name for the eight months during World War II from Poland being invaded in September 1939 to France being invaded in May 1940. 

During that time, there were no major military operations in Europe. The United Kingdom and French declared war and a blockade against Nazi Germany. Also, Germany did likewise by beginning the Battle of the Atlantic, and German submarines destroyed many Allied ships. The British Royal Air Force dropped propaganda leaflets on Germany, and Canadian troops began to arrive in Britain. 

In April 1940, Germany invaded Denmark and Norway. Both sides began to fight each other strongly again. Britain and France needed many weapons quickly and so they began to buy them from American weapon companies. The Americans remained neutral but helped Britain and France by selling weapons cheaply and then by Lend-Lease of military equipment and supplies.

Jason Bonham

Jason John Bonham (born 15 July 1966) is an English rock drummer who is noted for being the son of Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham, as well for his own music. He has played with bands like Foreigner and UFO, and he has also played with the surviving members Led Zeppelin on several band reunions, such as the reunion in 2007 at the London 02 Arena. He has a close relationship with former Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page, and they have toured together in the 80's when Page released his solo album, Outrider. In 2010, Bonham will be working with his new band, Black Country.



Radiolaria

Radiolaria are amoeboid protists which produce mineral skeletons. The skeletons, usually of silica (SiO), have a central capsule. This divides the cell into inner and outer portions, called "endoplasm" and "ectoplasm". 

Radiolaria are found as zooplankton throughout the ocean, and their skeletal remains cover large portions of the ocean floor as radiolarian ooze. Radiolaria have existed since the beginning of the Palaeozoic era. They take their name from the radial symmetry of most species. They are valuable markers or diagnostic fossils, because they have a rapid turn-over of species. This helps to identify strata, and to correlate strata at different sites.

Radiolaria are heterotrophs (eat other things), but also may include protist algae as endosymbionts.

The skeletons of radiolarians are generally organized around spicules, or spines, which extend from the main skeletal mass. Formed from the fusion of many of these spines is the outermost skeleton, the shell or "test". Connecting this shell to the many concentrically organized inner shells are bars or beams, which strengthen and support the structure.

The nuclei and most other organelles are in the endoplasm, while the ectoplasm is filled with frothy vacuoles and lipid droplets, keeping them buoyant. Often it also contains symbiotic algae which provide much of the cell's energy. Not much is known about the living amoebae because they cannot be cultured in the laboratory.


Led Zeppelin IV

Led Zeppelin IV is the fourth album from the rock band Led Zeppelin. The real title of the album is , but since it's impossible to say these symbols, it is normal just to say Led Zeppelin IV. Some people also say The fourth album, 'Zoso', Symbols or simply call it Untitled. It was released on November 8, 1971 and recorded at a big house called Headley Grange in 1971. The album is the band's most famous and most successful album, and also has their best known song, "Stairway to Heaven". For this album, the band used many different genres and recording techniques, they had rock and roll songs, acoustic songs and heavy blues songs. Many fans and critics think that "Stairway to Heaven" is one of the best songs of all time, if not the greatest, as well as the album itself. There are also many other notable songs on the album, "Rock and Roll" was played in almost every concert the band did after the release of the album, while songs such as "Black Dog and "Going to California" were played for most of the shows. All of the songs have become regulars on American rock radio.

For this album, the band chose to not have a normal name for their album, so that people would just listen to the music without caring about the title and get wrong expectations. Jimmy Page got the idea that each member of the band should choose their own symbol to represent them on the album title. Each band member have been closely associated with their symbol during and after the career of Led Zeppelin, and they have all used them after the release of the album. For example, John Bonham used to have the three rings on his bass drum and Jimmy Page has used the Zoso symbol on his amplifier as recent as the reunion concert in 2007 at the London 02 Arena.


Squeeze (band)

Squeeze are a British rock/new wave band from London. They were active from 1974 to 1982 and 1985 to 1999. They reunited in 2007.

Houses of the Holy

Houses of the Holy is the fifth album from rock band Led Zeppelin, released on March 28 1973, but recorded in 1972. This album has many different music styles on it, like reggae, funk, acoustic songs and folk-like rock songs. Many fans and critics thought when the album was released, that it was not as good as the album they made two years earlier, Led Zeppelin IV, but today it is seen as one of their best albums. Songs like "The Song Remains the Same", "No Quarter", "Over the Hills and Far Away" and "The Rain Song" were performed for almost all tours after the release of the album. "The Song Remains the Same" is also the title of their 1976 movie, but recorded in 1973 and 1974.

official website 
Houses of the Holy info 

Heat lamp

A heat lamp is a lamp (light) with the main purpose of making heat. This is commonly infrared light but white light incandescent lightbulbs are also used. Sometimes the glass of the light bulb is colored to cut out yellow and even higher frequency light (to let the infrared light through, which has most of the heat).

Humans can use these lamps to keep warm, to warm a part of the body that is injured and needs gentle heat, etc. These lamps are also frequently used to keep baby chickens, piglets or other baby animals warm.

Maltese lira

The Maltese lira was the type of money that was used in Malta before it was replaced by the euro in 2008.

Bobby Dodd

Robert "Bobby" Lee Dodd (November 11, 1908 – June 21, 1988) was an American college football coach at Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech). He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame as a player and coach. He is one of only three people to have done this.

Dodd was born in Galax, Virginia. He moved to Kingsport, Tennessee and played several sports at Dobyns-Bennett High School. After high school, he played as a quarterback at the University of Tennessee. From 1931–1945, he worked as an assistant coach for William Alexander at Georgia Tech. Alexander hired Dodd while he was still a student at Tennessee. Dodd replaced Alexander in 1945 and became the third head coach at Georgia Tech. He retired from coaching after the 1966–67 season, with 165 wins, 64 losses, and 8 ties in his career. He also worked as athletic director for Georgia Tech from 1950 until 1976. Dodd died in June 1988 at the age of 79 in Atlanta, Georgia.

Dodd was quarterback for the University of Tennessee football team from 1928 to 1930. He played for its coach, Robert Neyland. Dodd wanted to play for Georgia Tech but was not offered a scholarship. In the games that Dodd started at Tennessee, they had a record of 27–1–2.

Dodd played a major role in one famous game. During his sophomore year, in a game against Alabama, "Dodd threw a touchdown pass in that game to tie Alabama, 13–13. Then he punted out of bounds inside the Alabama 1-yard line and Tennessee got a safety on the next play to win, 15–13." This was an important game for both teams since they were rivals.

Another time in Dodd's playing career showed the thinking he would use in his coaching career. "Against Florida in 1930 he got his teammates in a huddle and told them about a play he had used in high school. When the ball was snapped, it was placed on the ground unattended. The players ran in one direction. Then the center returned, picked up the ball, and waltzed to the winning touchdown." Tennessee fans even developed a catch phrase for Dodd during his time there: "In Dodd we trust."

Dodd was selected to be on Grantland Rice's All-American team in 1930. He was the second player from Tennessee to make an All American team. The first was Gene McEver in 1929. In 1959, Dodd was selected for the University of Tennessee's Hall of Fame and to the College Football Hall of Fame as a player. He was elected in the same year as teammate Herman Hickman.

Dodd had a 165–64–8 record as head coach at Georgia Tech. He led Georgia Tech to two Southeastern Conference (SEC) championships (1951 and 1952) and one national championship in 1952. While he was coach, Tech played in 13 major bowl games. The school won 9 of these games, including six in a row from 1951 to 1956. His team had a 31-game winning streak from 1951 to 1953.

Dodd took over the Georgia Tech football program after Coach Alexander's retirement in 1944. Dodd's coaching ideas were about developing and treating his players well. He did not believe in hard physical practices. Instead, he liked practices that were about the small details of football. Dodd's ideas led to winning. He set the record for career wins at Tech at 165 career coaching wins including a 31-game winning streak from 1951–1953. He also won two Southeastern Conference Titles and the 1952 National Title. The 1952 title was part of a 12–0 perfect season and Sugar Bowl win over Ole Miss.

Dodd also understood the rivalry with the University of Georgia. His teams won 8 games in a row over the Bulldogs from 1946–1954. They had 176 points to Georgia's 39 during the winning streak. This 8–game winning streak is still the longest winning streak for either side in the series. Dodd ended his career with a 12–9 record against Georgia.

Dodd's career included Georgia Tech leaving the Southeastern Conference. The initial reason for them leaving was a feud between Dodd and Alabama Crimson Tide Coach Bear Bryant. The feud began when Tech was visiting the Tide at Denny Stadium in 1961. After a Georgia Tech punt, Alabama fair-caught the ball. Chick Granning of Georgia Tech was running down to tackle the receiver of the punt, but relaxed after the signal for the fair catch. Darwin Holt of Alabama continued play and hit his elbow into Granning's face. This caused severe breaks in Granning's face, a broken nose, and blood-filled sinuses. Granning became unconscious and suffered a severe concussion. These injuries left him unable to play football ever again. Dodd sent Bryant a letter asking Bryant to suspend Holt. Dodd felt that Holt injured Granning on purpose. Bryant never suspended Holt. The lack of punishment made Dodd angry and caused him to want to leave the SEC.

Another issue for Dodd was Alabama's and other SEC schools' recruiting of players. Schools would recruit more players than they could have on their roster. During the summer practice sessions, the teams would remove extra players. This would happen after the signing day which meant those players could not find somewhere else to play. Dodd asked the SEC leaders to punish the "tryout camps" of other SEC members, but the SEC did not. Finally, Dodd took Georgia Tech out of the SEC in 1963. Tech would play without a league like Notre Dame and Penn State (at the time) during the final four years of Dodd's coaching career. In 1967, Dodd passed the head coach position to his favorite assistant, Bud Carson. Dodd continued to work as athletic director which he had first been hired as in 1950. He would not retire from athletic directing until 1976. In 1983, he said he would like to run a United States Football League team if Atlanta was given one. The league, however, shut down before Atlanta received a team.

Dodd wanted to win every game, but unlike some other coaches, he did not believe in risking his athletes' health in order to win. He believed that the most important part of college football was the college football player.

In honor of the character of Dodd, each year a Division I college coach who has shown leadership both on and off the field is awarded the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award. This award is given by the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Foundation. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1959 and as a coach in 1993. In 1988, Georgia Tech named its stadium Bobby Dodd Stadium in honor of him. The Bobby Dodd Institute is a group that helps people with disabilities; it is named in honor of Dodd for his help to the disabled.

Walnut Hills High School

Walnut Hills High School is a high school in Cincinnati, Ohio. According to Newsweek, Walnut Hills is the best school in Ohio. It helps prepare you for college. The school colors are blue and gold. The motto is ""Sursum ad summum"", which is Latin for "Rise to the Highest". The mascot is the eagle, and the sports teams are known as "The Eagles". They have a newspaper that comes out every month and have a magazine that comes out every year.

Wrongful life

Wrongful life is a legal action in which someone is sued for not stopping the birth of a severely disabled child. In this type of lawsuit a child and the parents will sue a doctor or a hospital. The doctor or hospital is sued for not giving information about the disability during the pregnancy. The doctor or hospital may have not provided all the information on a genetic case before the pregnancy. The parents argue that if the mother had known this information, she would have had an abortion, or chosen not to become pregnant at all.

In the past, only parents could sue for their "own" damages the occurred as a result of the birth of a disabled child (e.g., the mother's own pregnancy medical bills and cost of psychiatric treatment for both parents' emotional distress resulting from becoming aware that their child was disabled). This cause of action is known as wrongful birth. But the child could not sue for his or her own damages, which were often much more in terms of money and harm.

In four U.S. states, the child is allowed to start a wrongful life cause of action for damages. In 1982, the Supreme Court of California was the first state supreme court to permit the child's right to sue for wrongful life, but in the same decision, limited the child's recovery to special damages. 

Most other jurisdictions, including England and Ontario, have not allowed the wrongful life cause of action.




Intensity (physics)

In Physics, intensity can usually be understood as the strength of something like a beam of light while Intensity in general refers to the amount of light that is falling at a point. To figure out (i.e., compute) the exact intensity of a beam of light or a fire hose spraying water, we need to know how many units of light or water are coming to some area in some period of time. A factory might have an "intensity" of 100 cars per day delivered to the loading dock. A fire hose might have an intensity of 100 buckets of water per minute per open window of a certain size in a burning building. 

Usually, when talking about intensity, you are talking about the amount of energy of particles or radiation per unit area. Since each particle spreads out from the source in a sphere, the area is measured as the surface area of this sphere, or formula_1, where formula_2 is the distance from the source to the observer. 

Baked Alaska

Baked Alaska is a dessert made of ice cream on top of slices of sponge cake or Christmas pudding and covered with meringue. The whole dessert is then baked in a very hot oven for just long enough to cook the meringue. The meringue is a good insulator, and the short cooking time prevents the heat from getting through to the ice cream.

Its name, but not the recipe, was made at Delmonico's Restaurant in 1867 to honour the new American territory of Alaska.

February 1 is Baked Alaska Day.

A slightly changed dessert called Bombe Alaska came from Noel, Alaska. Some dark rum is splashed over the Baked Alaska, and the whole dessert is flambéed while being served.

Dean Koontz

Dean Koontz (born July 9, 1945 in Everett, Pennsylvania) is a writer from the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. He is known for writing in the suspense thriller genre. Many of his books have been New York Times Bestsellers.

Everett, Pennsylvania

Everett is a borough in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. The population is 1,765 as of the 2020 census.

Writer Dean Koontz was born here.

Christmas pudding

Christmas pudding or plum pudding is a steamed dessert that originated in the 1420s and is served on Christmas Day (December 25). It tastes like steamed pudding, with lots of dried fruits and nuts, and made with suet (animal fat). It is eaten in large amounts during the Christmas holidays. It is a traditional food to have at Christmas.


Anna Bergendahl

Anna Henrietta Bergendahl (born December 11, 1991) in Katrineholm, Sweden is a singer and former Idol 2008 contestant. Bergendahl won Melodifestivalen 2010 and represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo. Her song This Is My Life is currently at number one on the Swedish single chart. In Idol 2008 she finished in fifth place.

Nordic skiing

Nordic skiing is a sport in the Winter Olympics. It is called that because it comes from the Nordic countries. It includes cross-country skiing, which involves skiing over very long distances. It also involves ski jumping.

Gene McEver

Eugene T. "Gene" McEver (September 15, 1908 - July 12, 1985) was a Hall of Fame college football player for the University of Tennessee. He was born in Bristol, Virginia in 1908. 

McEver was the first ever All American for the Tennessee Volunteers football team. He played for them in 1928, 1929, and 1931 for coach Robert Neyland. McEver missed the 1930 season with a knee injury. McEver scored 130 points for the Volunteers in 1929, helping them to a 9-0-1 record. The total led the NCAA in scoring that year. That total is still the record for most points in one year at Tennessee. McEver also holds the record for career scoring at Tennessee among non-kickers.

McEver finished his career with 44 touchdowns and 12 points after touchdown for 276 points. He was named to the All-Southern team in 1928, 1929, and 1931, with teammates Bobby Dodd and Herman Hickman. McEver was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1954.

McEver coached at Davidson College in North Carolina from 1937 through 1943. His record there was 16-43-4. McEver also coached the University of North Carolina to a 1-7-1 record in 1944. He was an assistant coach at Virginia Tech from 1944 to 47.


United States Football League

The United States Football League was a football league in the 1980s. The spring and summer is when the USFL would play football. Entrepreneur Donald Trump owned some parts of the league. John Bassett was the late owner of the Tampa Bay Bandits, of the USFL.


Whistler, British Columbia

Whistler is a village in the British Columbian province of Canada. The population as of 2006 is 9,248 and the mayor of Whistler is Nancy Wilhelm-Morden. It is located on the Sea to Sky Highway (Highway 99), which goes from the Peace Arch Border Crossing in Surrey, British Columbia to the Cariboo Highway (Highway 97) 10 kilometres north of Cache Creek, British Columbia. Over two million people visit Whistler annually, and it is usually for alpine skiing and mountain biking at the Whistler-Blackcomb ski resort. Whistler was the host Mountain Resort of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games.


Bundeswehr

The Bundeswehr (German for "Federal Defence Force"; ) are the German Armed Forces. The German armed forces are for the unified Germany itself and do not have several parts for the States of Germany.

There are five sections: three bigger ones: Heer (Army), Marine (Navy) and Luftwaffe (Air Force) form one unified force, not three separate fighting forces. And two smaller ones: "Joint Support Service" (Streitkräftebasis) and "Central Medical Services" (Zentraler Sanitätsdienst).

In peace-time the commander-in-chief is the Federal Minister of Defence, and in wartime the Chancellor of Germany. This is unlike most countries where the head of state is commander in chief.

In March 2012, there were about 207,000 soldiers serving in the Bundeswehr; there are another 200,000 in reserve. Conscription for the Bundeswehr has been abolished in July 2011.


Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award

The Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award is college football award given every year to the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision head coach whose team does well on the field, in the classroom, and in the community. The award is named for Bobby Dodd. Dodd was head football coach at Georgia Tech. The award was made in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd held. Coaches who win the award are chosen by a committee of college football experts and all previous winners. The winner is announced during half-time of the Chick-fil-A Bowl on December 31 in Atlanta, Georgia. A formal presentation is held later, usually on the university campus of the winner.

Only Joe Paterno of Penn State has received the award twice, in 1981 and in 2005. Four schools have had two different coaches given the award: Michigan with Bo Schembechler in 1977 and Lloyd Carr in 2007; Air Force with Ken Hatfield in 1983 and Fisher DeBerry in 1985, Georgia Tech with Bobby Ross in 1990 and George O'Leary in 2000 and TCU with Jim Wacker in 1984 and Gary Patterson in 2009.


Shane Mosley

Shane Andre Mosley (born September 7, 1971) is a retired American professional boxer from Pomona, California. Mosley has held world titles in three weight divisions. He held the IBF Lightweight Championship, WBC & WBA (Super) Welterweight Championships and WBC, WBA (Super) & "The Ring" Light Middleweight Championships.


Craftsman

Craftsman may refer to:


Kingsport, Tennessee

Kingsport is a city in Hawkins and Sullivan counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Most of the city is in Sullivan County. Kingsport is the biggest city in each county but it is not the county seat of either. As of the 2020 census its population was 55,442.

The name is based on "King's Port" which referred to the area around Ross's Landing. It is part of what is known as the "Mountain Empire," which includes a portion of southwest Virginia and the mountainous counties in Tennessee to the east.

Pal's Sudden Service, a regional fast-food restaurant chain, opened its first location in 1956 and is headquartered in Kingsport. In 2001, Pal's Sudden Service, won the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award, becoming the first restaurant company to receive the award.

Kingsport is located at (36.536851, -82.542123) where U.S. highways 11 and 23 meet. Kingsport is also the starting and ending point of Interstate 26.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 53.5 square miles (138.6 km²), of which, 52.6 square miles (136.2 km²) of it is land and 0.9 square miles (2.4 km²) of it (1.72%) is water.

People who live in Kingsport use the Kingsport City Schools public school system. The system has eight elementary schools, two middle schools, and one high school. Kingsport is also home to eight private academies. The city is also part of Sullivan county which has 2 other high schools in Kingsport.

While no college or university houses its main campus within the city, Northeast State Community College, East Tennessee State University, and University of Tennessee have branch campuses in Kingsport.

There are several neighborhoods located within or just outside of Kingsport, offering different ways of living:


The Kingsport Axman of the Appalachian League, a rookie-level league, play in the city. The team has competed in the city since 1969, with the exception of 1983. The Mets play in Hunter Wright Stadium named after Mayor Hunter Wright. Previously the team was known as the Kingsport Mets. Their name changed in 2020.



Mississippi State University

Mississippi State University is a university in Starkville, Mississippi. It has 20,138 students and is the largest college in the state of Mississippi. The college was opened in 1878 as a land-grant university. Its sports teams are called the Bulldogs (men's teams) and Lady Bulldogs, and play in the Southeastern Conference.


University of Mississippi

The University of Mississippi (also called Ole Miss) is a university in Oxford, Mississippi. The college was founded in 1848. Its sports teams, called the Rebels, play in the Southeastern Conference.

In September 1962, James Meredith won a lawsuit to secure admission to the previously segregated University of Mississippi. He attempted to enter campus on September 20, on September 25, and again on September 26. He was blocked by Mississippi Governor Ross Barnett, who said, "[N]o school will be integrated in Mississippi while I am your Governor." The Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals held Barnett and Lieutenant Governor Paul B. Johnson, Jr. in contempt, with fines of more than $10,000 for each day they refused to allow Meredith to enroll.

Attorney General Robert Kennedy sent U.S. Marshals. On September 30, 1962, Meredith entered the campus under their escort. Students and other whites began rioting that evening, throwing rocks and then shooting guns at the U.S. Marshals guarding Meredith. Two people were killed; 28 marshals suffered gunshot wounds; and 160 others were injured. After the Mississippi Highway Patrol withdrew from the campus, President John F. Kennedy sent regular US Army forces to the campus to quell the riot. Meredith began classes the day after the troops arrived.


Targovishte

Targovishte is a town in the northeastern part of Bulgaria. It is a capital of Targovishte Province. It is 125 km to the west of the Black Sea. About 37,000 people live in the town.

The Gits

The Gits was a punk rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1986 and disbanded in 1993 after the mysterious murder of their lead singer Mia Zapata. Joan Jett who is a long time fan of The Gits wrote a song entitled "Go Home" which was inspired by the death of Mia Zapata.

The band's original name was ""Snivelling Little Rat Faced Gits"" which was named after a Monty Python skit but they later shortened it to "The Gits".



Penalty shoot-out

A penalty shootout in association football is a way of deciding who wins match if both teams have scored the same number of goals.

If the score is a draw after 90 minutes, usually the teams will play an extra 30 minutes of extra time. If the score is still equal, then a penalty shootout takes place. Usually each team takes five penalties each, and the team who scores the most wins. If both teams are equal after these penalties, then each team will take one more penalty until one team is ahead.

Penalty shootouts are normally only used in cup matches, and not league matches. If nobody wins in a league match, both teams get one point for the draw. In a cup match often a winner in needed to go to the next round.

Many famous cup finals have been won by penalty shootouts, like the 2006 World Cup final, the 2005 UEFA Champions League final and the 1994 World Cup final.

FIFA laws of the game 

Jersey Shore (TV series)

Jersey Shore is an MTV reality series that features eight housemates who spend their summers in New Jersey and partying in their beach house and working at a store. Season 1 was shot in Seaside Heights, New Jersey and season 2 was shot in Miami, Florida. The cast later returned to Seaside Heights for Season 3 with a new cast member Deena. MTV has later reported that Season 4 of "Jersey Shore" will be filmed in Italy during spring and summer 2011. Also, cast members Snooki and JWoww have a spinoff show. The show has brought a lot of controversy about its use of the slang word "guido/guidette" and how they portray Italian American stereotypes. Despite this, the show has brought record high ratings for MTV, making it the network's most viewed reality show ever. MTV announced that they were going to cancel the series after 6 seasons.


Bloodhound Gang

Bloodhound Gang is a comedy rock band from Pennsylvania. Many of their songs have humorous rap and sexual innuendo. They are best known for their hit singles "Fire Water Burn" and "The Bad Touch". Formed in 1992, their music style slowly changed from rap to alternative rock. The Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums.

Jimmy Pop – lead vocals, rhythm guitar, songwriter (1991-2015)

Evil Jared Hasselhoff – bass guitar (1995-2015)

Q-Ball – turntables, keyboard, backing vocals (1995-2015)

The Yin – drums, percussion (2006-2015)

Daniel P. Carter - lead guitar (2009-2015)

Foof – vocals (1992)

Bubba K. Love – drums (1992-1993)

Daddy Long Legs – vocals, bass guitar (1992-1995)

M.S.G. – turntables (1993-1995)

Skip O'Pot2Mus – drums (1993-1995)

Tard-E-Tard – turntables (1995)

Spanky G – drums (1995-1998)

Lupus Thunder - lead guitar (1994-2008)

Willie The New Guy – drums (1999-2006)


Savior (Rise Against song)

"Savior" is a hit single from the American punk rock band Rise Against's 2008 fifth studio album "Appeal to Reason". It was released as the album's third single on June 3, 2009, and it peaked at number three on "Billboard"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Alternative Songs chart, better than the peak set by the same album's first single, Re-Education (Through Labor), and at number seven on the Rock Songs chart. It became the band's second single to reach the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, peaking at number 16. It is also Rise Against's highest charting single on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles, peaking at number 2.

The song is downloadable, plus content for the Rock Band series along with "Prayer of the Refugee" and "Re-Education (Through Labor)". Also, in the trailer for the PC game "" the song plays in the background in Simlish.

The Unraveling

The Unraveling is the debut album by the American punk rock band Rise Against. Released on April 24, 2001 and produced by punk producer Mass Giorgini. It is the only Rise Against studio album where frontman Tim McIlrath does only lead vocals and does not play guitar. Two songs, "My Life Inside Your Heart" and "The Art of Losing" were used for the unreleased Dreamcast game Propeller Arena.



Picture book

A picture book is a book that combines words and pictures to tell a story. They are usually for young children to read. The pictures are illustrations that show different parts of the story. The written part of the book is often short and basic, using words that a child can understand.

The earliest illustrated book made for children was "Orbis Pictus" by John Amos Comenius. It was published in 1658. One of the earliest picture books in English was Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" from 1866. The drawings in it were done by John Tenniel. Beatrix Potter's "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" was published in 1902. Potter did all her own illustrations, which are watercolour paintings. Some of the best-known picture books are "Make Way for Ducklings", "The Cat in the Hat", and "Where the Wild Things Are".

Physical Graffiti

Physical Graffiti is the sixth album from rock band Led Zeppelin. It was released on February 24 1975 as a double album. This is the first double album the band released, and the songs were recorded over many years, some were old songs that they did not use for other albums, and some were new ones made for this album. The album was very popular with both critics and fans, and it still is, it has one of their most well known songs, the Arab-sounding "Kashmir". The band had a big tour when the album was released, they played concerts in Europe,the US and ended the touring in May 1975 with five concerts at Earl's Court in London. Some of the songs from their London concerts are on their 2003 DVD.

Official website 

Tropical Storm Mekkhala (2008)

Tropical Storm Mekkhala (internationally called: 0816, JTWC designation: 20W) was the 16th Tropical Storm of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season by the Japan Meteorological Agency who are the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre for the North Western Pacific Ocean. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) have also recognised Mekkhala as the 20th tropical depression, and the 18th tropical storm of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season. Tropical Storm Mekkhala formed off the coast of China on September 25, 2008.

Professional wrestling match types

There are many types of matches in professional wrestling.

A singles match also known as a regular match is between two wrestlers. The first person to either win by pinfall or submission is the winner. If one of the wrestlers gets disqualified, or "counted out" (when a wrestler is caught outside of the ring and the referee counts to either 10 or 20, depending on the companys' rules) they will lose the match.

A Cinematic match is where there are many different techniques during the filming of it. Unlike a usual match which is done in one take, a cinematic match is typically filmed over a longer period of time. This type of match became more popular during the COVID-19 pandemic.

An Empty arena match is a falls count anywhere match where the wrestlers start the match inside the ring in an arena that has no fans in it and can only end by pinfall or submission inside or outside of the arena. The only people that are present in the arena are the wrestlers, referee, and the camera crew. One of the first known empty arenas matches took place in 1981 at the Mid South Coliseum in Memphis, Tennessee between Terry Funk and Jerry Lawler. Another well known empty arena match happened between The Rock and Mankind and was shown during the halftime show of Super Bowl XXXIII.

A Falls Count Anywhere match is a match type where pinfalls or submissions can happen anywhere inside or outside of the arena. Weapons are legal and often used because there are no disqualifications. These types of matches often go into the audience, backstage areas or parking lots.

A Flag match is where flags representing two different countries are placed in neutral corners raised up by a metal pole that is attached to the ring post. To win the match, either wrestler or team of wrestlers must grab their country's flag before the opposition does and raise it to be declared the winner. The only exception to these rules was the flag match that took place at WrestleMania 2 in which the match had to be won by pinfall or submission with the winner of the match getting to wave around their country's flag.

A Handicap match is where one wrestler or a team competes against a team of wrestlers with a higher number (for example; two vs. one or three vs. two) Usually it is the babyface wrestlers that are outnumbered by the heel wrestlers. Usually in two-on-one Handicap matches, the matches are under tag team rules (The side that has the advantage must tag in and out of the match or risk being disqualified). If both wrestlers on the side with the advantage remain inside the ring at the same time and the referee reaches a count of five, the team or just the illegal wrestler (if elimination rules apply), with the advantage will be disqualified.

A hardcore match (also known as a Street Fight, a No Holds Barred match, or other names) is where there are no disqualifications and no countouts. Weapons are allowed to be used and other wrestlers are allowed to interfere in the match. The match must end by pinfall, submission or knockout.

An Unsanctioned match is a match that has no rules and is not recognized as an official match. There is also a version called a Lights Out match where the lights in the arena are dimmed.

A Deathmatch is where there are multiple different weapons used. Popular weapons used are fluorescent light tubes and barbed wire. These matches are usually very bloody and have a high level of violence in them.

A Barbed Wire Ring Rope match is where wrestlers compete in a ring where the regular ring ropes have been replaced with barbed wire. Sometimes the barbed wire is wrapped around the ring ropes. 

An Explosion or Bomb Deathmatch is a type of Deathmatch where there are barbed wire ropes and a piece of wooden board with an explosive on it. Sometimes there is a timer which counts down and when it hits 00:00, explosives go off around the ring. The match can either be won by pinfall, submission, or in some cases, throwing the other wrestler into the explosion. For the timer version, wrestlers usually try to finish the match before the timer runs out and the ring explodes.

An Exploding Barbed Wire Deathmatch was done by All Elite Wrestling (AEW) during their Revolution pay-per-view. It was held between Kenny Omega and Jon Moxley for Omega's AEW World Championship. There was a 30-minute timer, barbed wire ropes and three sections around the ringside with explosives.

A Monster's Ball match is where the wrestlers are locked inside of a pitch black room for 24 hours with no food or water beforehand. When they are let out, they wrestle a No Disqualification match.

A Lumberjack match is a regular match where the outside of the ring is surrounded by wrestlers. The wrestlers that surround the ring are called "lumberjacks" (females wrestlers are sometimes called "lumberjills"). If a wrestler is knocked out of the ring, the lumberjacks/lumberjills will beat him or her up and put them back in. They are usually split in groups of faces and heels.

The Casino Battle Royal is a match done by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The match has similar rules to the Royal Rumble match except it has 21 wrestlers in it. The wrestlers are selected by a suit of cards that they draw. The drawing of the cards is random and the wrestlers come out when the suit is chosen. The last wrestler that comes out is the wrestler who drew The Joker card. The match begins with 5 wrestlers. 5 more wrestlers come out when the clock hits 3 minutes. The winner of the men's version gets a shot at the AEW World Championship and the winner of the women's version gets a shot at the AEW Women's World Championship.

A bra and panties match is where a female wrestler or team of wrestlers must strip their opponent(s) to their bra and panties to win.

A Tuxedo match is where two wrestlers wear tuxedos and one wrestlers has to tear the tuxedo off of the other to win.

A Submission match is where the wrestler has to make the other wrestler give up by either tapping out or verbally saying that they quit the match. The match can only be won by submission.

A "I Quit" match is where a wrestler must force the other wrestler to say the words "I Quit" in order to win.

A Substance match is where a wrestler has to throw another wrestler into a container filled with something. Female wrestlers used to fight in matches such as a mud wrestling match or chocolate pudding match. At All Out, Orange Cassidy would defeat Chris Jericho in a Mimosa Mayhem Match by throwing him in a giant vat of Mimosa that was at ringside.

An Elimination match is where a wrestler must pin or submit the other wrestlers to eliminate them from the match. The match differs depending on how many wrestlers are in the match. 

A Tag Team match is between four wrestlers divided into teams of two. One wrestler of each team stands just outside the ring ropes until he is tagged in by his partner by slapping hands/lightly slapping their partners back with the ref watching or both wrestlers can fight at the same time in a "tornado" format. This match is won by pinfall or submission.

A Tornado Tag Team match is where all the wrestlers can be in the ring at the same time. The match doesn't involve tagging in or out like the rules of a normal tag team match. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) has a version of this match called the Anarchy in the Arena match.

An Elimination Tag Team match is where if a wrestler on a team gets pinned or submitted then they are eliminated from the match. To win the match, all wrestlers from a team must be eliminated. WWE holds a similar match called the Survivor Series Elimination match during their Survivor Series pay-per-views.

A Triple Threat match has three wrestlers instead of two. First wrestler to score a pinfall or submission wins. No disqualification or countouts apply.

A Fatal Four-Way match includes four wrestlers competing against each other at once. The first wrestler scores a pinfall or submission is the winner. No disqualification or countouts apply.

A Six-Pack Challenge is a match where six wrestlers compete against each other all at one time. The wrestler who gets a pinfall or submission is the winner. There are no disqualifications or countouts.

WWE features a match called the Championship Scramble in which none of the wrestlers are eliminated. Two wrestlers start the match and every five minutes another wrestler enters until all five participants are present. After the last wrestler enters, there is a predetermined time limit. Each time a wrestler scores a pinfall or submission, he becomes the interim champion. Such reigns are not recorded as title reigns. The winner is the wrestler who scores the last pinfall or submission before the time limit expires. The Unforgiven pay-per view of 2008 is arguably the most prominent showcase of this match type, as all three world titles were contested under a Championship Scramble match.

A Special Guest Referee match is a match where another wrestler acts as the referee in the match. The referee doesn't have to be a wrestler and come sometimes be an authority figure or celebrity.

An Arm Wrestling match is a "match" (moreso a contest) where two wrestlers arm wrestle each other. It usually ends with one wrestler attacking the other after.

A Boxing match is a match where usual boxing rules are in place. It usually ends in cheating from the heel.

A First Blood match is a match where there are no disqualifications. To win the match, a wrestler must make their opponent bleed.

A No Disqualification match (also known as a No Holds Barred match) is a match where there are no disqualifications. This means a wrestler can hit another wrestler with a weapon or someone can interfere in the match and they won't lose because of it.

A Last Man Standing match is where a wrestler has to hurt their opponent enough so he cannot make it to his feet before the count of 10. The one who cannot meet the count loses. There are no pinfalls or submission, no disqualifications, no count outs. 

A Best of Series match is where there are multiple match over a period of time. It is usually held in a series of five or seven. To win a Best of Five, the wrestler or team must win three matches. To win a Best of Seven, the wrestler or team must win four matches. 

A Gauntlet match is where a wrestler must defeat a number of opponents in order to win. Standard rules apply.

An Iron Man match is a multi-fall match where there is a set time limit. The way to win the match is to have the most points by the end of the time limit. To gain a point, the wrestler must pin or submit their opponent. A point can also be gained by countout or disqualification. If both wrestlers have the same amount of points as the time limit expires, the match is supposed to be declared a draw, but sometimes they will go to "sudden death" rules. (first wrestler to gain a point after the regulation time has expired will gain the victory). Sometimes the "ultimate submission" stipulation is also used as well.

A Two out of Three falls match is where a wrestler or team has to win twice to win the match. They can win by either pinfall, submission, disqualification, or knockout.

A Three Stages of Hell match is a three match series where the wrestler is allowed to pick any three match types. The first wrestler that score two out of three falls declares the winner.

A Kiss My Foot match is a type of singles match where the loser has to kiss the winner's foot. Known matches include Bret Hart vs Jerry Lawler at the King of the Ring pay per view held in 1995 as well as Jerry Lawler vs Michael Cole at the Over the Limit pay per view held in 2011. A similar version of this match is the "Kiss My Ass Match", where the loser had to kiss the winner's butt and was held during WWF's Attitude Era.

A Last Chance match is where a wrestler challenges for a championship. If they lose the match, they are not allowed to challenge the title holder for the championship again. 

A Loser Leaves Town match is where if the wrestler loses, they have to leave the company. This match was popular during the days of the wrestling territories in the 1980s.

Luchas de Apuestas (gambling fights) are matches where both of the wrestlers put something on the line, usually their mask or hair. The loser of the match would then lose the thing that they put on the line. A masked wrestler would be forced to unmask and a wrestler that put their hair on the line would be shaven bald. This type of match is popular in Mexico. 

A Move match is where a specific wrestling move must be used by a wrestler to win the match. The move depends on the wrestlers in the match or the storyline going into it. 

There is also a match called a Banned Move match where a specific move will be banned in the match, usually on of the wrestler's finishing moves. If the wrestler uses the move, they will be disqualified.

A Retirement match is where if the wrestler loses they have to retire from professional wrestling.

A Royal Rumble match is a 30-man battle royal with a interval time. Only two wrestlers will start the match with the #1 and #2 draw before the next wrestler enters the ring. Eliminations only counts when a wrestler goes over the top rope with both feet touching the floor. The last wrestler remaining is the winner. This match was created by Pat Patterson.

An Ambulance match is fought under hardcore rules; the only way to win is for a wrestler to force their opponent into the back of an ambulance and close the door.

A steel cage match takes place in a steel cage which surrounds the ring. You can win by pinfall, submission or escaping the cage by climbing over with both feet hitting the floor outside or by exiting the door with both feet hitting the floor.

An Elimination Chamber match takes place in a large, circular steel cage that surrounds the entire ring. The chamber contains four clear, plexiglass pods which holds four of the six wrestlers in the match. A pod opens every five minutes to let another wrestler into the match. A wrestler can be eliminated from the match by either pinfall or submission inside the ring. The last wrestler remaining is the winner. The match was created by Triple H and was introduced by Eric Bischoff in November 2002.

A Hell in a Cell match takes place in a large cage which covers beyond the ring apron is lowered around the ring and leaves a small gap between the edge of the ring and the cage wall. It also covers the top of the cage hence the name 'cell'. There is no disqualification and wrestlers are allowed to go outside the cell. The match can be won by pinfall or submission.

During the early Hell in a Cell matches, many wrestlers got injured. A famous moment happened in 1998 at King of the Ring when The Undertaker threw Mankind off the 16-foot (5 m) high cell through the Spanish announcers table. Undertaker also chokeslammed Mankind through the roof of the cell onto a thumbtack-covered mat in the same match.

A Lethal Lockdown match is a steel cage match where two teams face each other and each member of the teams enter similar to the rules of WarGames. A roof is lowered onto the cage when every member of the teams have entered the match. Multiple weapons are given and hung from the roof.

A Lion's Den match takes place in a octagon cage similar to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). The wrestler must knockout or submit the other wrestler to win the match. The first Lion's Den match took place between Ken Shamrock and Owen Hart at SummerSlam.

The Punjabi Prison is one of the unique structures in pro-wrestling. The goal of the match is to escape the two bamboo cages before your opponent does. The Punjabi Prison Match, is a relatively obscure match stipulation — there have only been three in WWE history, The first was The Undertaker vs The Big Show, The Great Khali was originally supposed to be involved in the Big Show’s place but he was forced out of the match after elevated levels of enzymes were found in his liver. The Big Show took Khali’s place and faced off against the Undertaker at the Great American Bash in 2006. Undertaker’s feet ended up hitting the floor first, which gave him the victory. The modern WWE Universe is probably only familiar with the bout as a curiosity coined by The Great Khali, but that doesn’t entirely do justice to the intricacies of the stipulation, or just how brutal the match itself really is.

For starters, while matches like a Steel Cage, Hell in a Cell or even the Elimination Chamber typically trap a Superstar within one enclave, the Punjabi Prison surrounds them with two: First, there are four walls of bamboo that immediately surround the ring in the fashion of a traditional cage. Outside of that stands another, larger, octagonal structure"," topped with a series of razor-sharp bamboo spikes.

