In April 1971, while on television, Carter was asked if he supported the idea of governor and lieutenant governor running together. He said, "I've never really thought we needed a lieutenant governor in Georgia. The lieutenant governor is part of the executive branch of government and I've always felt—ever since I was in the state Senate—that the executive branches should be separate". In July 1971, while in Columbus, Georgia, Carter created a Georgia Human Rights Council that would help solve issues in the state of any possible violence.

In January 1972, Carter wanted to give state money for an Early Childhood Development Program and prison reform programs. In April 1972, Carter went to Latin and South America for a possible trade deal with Georgia. Carter said that he had met with Brazilian President Emílio Garrastazu Médici. Many said he was acting like President Kennedy.

The number of black state workers, judges, and board members grew when Carter was governor. He put paintings of Martin Luther King Jr. in the capitol building, while the Ku Klux Klan were at the ceremony protesting. While on television with Governor of Florida Reubin Askew in January 1973, Carter said he supported a constitutional amendment to ban busing and to make desegregation in schools faster. He supported an anti-busing plan with George Wallace at the 1971 National Governors Conference. Carter signed a new death penalty law after the United States Supreme Court rejected it. Carter later said he did not support the death penalty, saying, "I didn't see the injustice of it as I do now".

Carter wanted to give equal state aid to schools in the rich and poor areas of Georgia. He helped create centers for mentally handicapped children and education programs for convicts. He also wrote a program that made picking federal judges based on their experience over their political party possible.

In an unpopular move, Carter rejected a plan to build a dam on Georgia's Flint River. He said that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was not giving the right numbers on the project's cost and possible harm on the region. The veto became popular with environmentalists across the country.

Carter was not allowed to run for re-election because of term limits. Wanting to run for president, Carter was active in national politics and public appearances. He was a delegate to the 1972 Democratic National Convention, where Carter hoped he would be George McGovern's vice presidential pick. He supported Senator Henry "Scoop" Jackson, to not support George Wallace.

In May 1973, Carter told the Democratic Party to not make the Watergate scandal a political issue.

On December 12, 1974, Carter announced his candidacy for President of the United States at National Press Club in Washington, D.C. He talked about inequality, optimism, and change.

When Carter first announced his presidential run for the Democratic Party presidential nomination, he was seen as having little chances against better-known politicians. However, by March 1976 Carter was doing better in polls against other candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination. He was also ahead of President Ford by a few percentage points. Carter wrote "Why Not the Best?" in June 1976 to help make his name known for the American public.

Carter won the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary. In the South, Carter ran as a moderate and in the North, Carter ran as a conservative Christian. He had visited 37 states, and gave over 200 speeches before any other candidate entered the race. Carter ended up winning 30 states, with a total of 6,235,609 (39.2%) of the popular vote. He was officially nominated as the Democratic nominee at the national convention. He picked U.S. Senator Walter Mondale from Minnesota as his vice president pick.

During his presidential campaign in April 1976, Carter said to an interviewer, "I have nothing against a community that is ... trying to maintain the ethnic purity of their neighborhoods". Carter said he understood why some neighborhoods were against desegregation. However, he also supported open-housing laws that make it illegal not to sell or rent a house or apartment to a person based on their race. His comments were unpopular with many Americans.

Carter's campaign supported congressional campaigns using public financing, creating a federal agency for consumer protection, creating a separate department for education, signing an agreement that would stop the Soviet Union from using nuclear weapons, lowering money given to the military, increasing taxes for the rich and lowering them for the middle class, supporting the Social Security Act, and having a budget that would give money to government resources.

Carter and President Gerald Ford were in three televised debates during the 1976 election. The debates were the first presidential debates since 1960.

Carter was interviewed by Robert Scheer of "Playboy" for the November 1976 issue, which hit the newsstands a couple of weeks before the election. While discussing his religion's view of pride, Carter said: "I've looked on a lot of women with lust. I've committed adultery in my heart many times". He also said in another interview that he did not mind if people said the word "fuck". This led to a media to criticize the idea if politicians should be separated from their political campaigns and their private intimate lives.

Carter began the race with a lead over Ford, who narrowed the gap during the campaign, but lost to Carter in by a small margin on November 2, 1976. Carter won the popular vote by 50.1 percent to 48.0 percent for Ford, and received 297 electoral votes to Ford's 240. Carter won fewer states than Ford, with Carter winning 23 states compared to Ford winning 27.

Carter was inaugurated as president on January 20, 1977.

On April 18, 1977, Carter gave a televised speech saying that the U.S. energy crisis during the 1970s was like war. He supported energy conservation by all Americans and added solar water heating panels on the White House. He wore sweaters because he turned down the heat in the White House. On August 4, 1977, Carter created the Department of Energy. During the signing event, Carter said the current "crisis of energy shortages" made him create the Department of Energy. Carter said that the House of Representatives had created many energy saving ideas. A month later, on October 13, Carter stated he believed in the Senate's power to pass the energy reform bill. He said that "the most important domestic issue that we will face while I am in office" was the energy crisis.

On January 12, 1978, during a press conference, Carter said plans about his energy reform proposal were not being made and that Congress was not being respectful.
In April 1978, Carter said his biggest surprise since becoming president was the how hard it was for Congress to pass an energy reform bill.

On March 1, 1979, Carter wanted to create a gasoline rationing plan with Congress approving it. On April 5, he talked about how important energy conservation is. At the end of the month, Carter said it was important that the Congress pass his gas rationing plan. On July 15, 1979, Carter said the crisis was a "" among the American people. Many did not like Carter's speech. People thought Carter for not doing enough to solve the crisis. Many believed he wanted Americans to do most of the work instead of the government.

In 1978, Carter said the Love Canal accident in the city of Niagara Falls, New York was a federal emergency. During the 1940s, the canal was used as the site to dump chemical products from dyes, perfumes, and solvents for rubber and synthetic resins. More than 800 families were evacuated from the neighborhood, which was built on top of a toxic waste landfill. The Superfund law was created because of Love Canal. Carter said that many places like "Love Canals" existed across the country. He said that discovering hazardous dumpsites was "one of the [saddest] discoveries of our modern era".

In 1979, the Environmental Protection Agency said that people living near the Love Canal accident were at risk for leukemia.

Carter had many problems with the economy when he became president. He tried to continue the recovery from the severe 1973–75 recession. His economy also had high inflation, with very high interest rates, oil shortages, and slow economic growth. In his first two years, Carter created millions of new jobs.

The 1979 energy crisis ended job growth, however, and both inflation and interest rates rose. Economic growth, job creation, and consumer confidence quickly went down. There was also not a lot of gasoline because of the oil crisis.
Carter signed the Airline Deregulation Act into law on October 24, 1978. The main purpose was to remove government control over fees, routes and airline market from commercial aviation. The Civil Aeronautics Board's powers of regulation were removed. The act did not remove the FAA's powers over airline safety.

In 1979, Carter deregulated the American beer industry by making it legal to sell malt, hops, and yeast to American home brewers for the first time since the beginning of Prohibition in the United States. This led to an increase in home brewing over the 1980s and 1990s that by the 2000s.

During his presidential campaign, Carter wanted to fix healthcare in the country.

Carter's plans on healthcare included an April 1977 mandatory health care cost proposal, and a June 1979 plan that gave private health insurance coverage. Carter saw the June 1979 plan as a growing part of Medicare and Medicaid. The April 1977 mandatory health care cost plan was passed in the Senate, and later was not approved in the House.

During 1978, Carter also had meetings with Kennedy for a healthcare law that did not pass the U.S. House. Carter later blamed Kennedy for his healthcare plans not being approved in Congress.

Carter worked with Congress to create an education department. In February 1978, Carter said that education is very important and should not be in control over many departments. On February 8, 1979, Carter released a plan to create an education department. On October 17, 1979, Carter signed a law that created the United States Department of Education.

Carter grew the Head Start program by adding 43,000 children and families. In a November 1980 speech, Carter said he would allow the Head Start to migrant children and wanted to increase building schools near the Mexico–United States border in Texas.

In September 1977, Carter and General Omar Torrijos signed the Panama Canal Treaty. The treaties would give Panama control of the Panama Canal after 1999. This would remove United States control of the canal. The second treaty said that Panama would have full control of the canal. The treaty was not popular with conservatives.

In September 1978, Carter created many political agreements between Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin at Camp David. The two agreements were signed at the White House. The second of these frameworks helped create the 1979 Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.
Carter spoke to African officials at the United Nations about his support of democratic elections and power in African countries. Carter later said his plans for wanting "to work with South Africa in dealing with the threats to peace in Namibia and in Zimbabwe" and to end racial issues like apartheid.

Carter visited Nigeria from March 31 to April 3, 1978, trying to fix relations with the country. He was the first U.S. president to visit Nigeria. Carter wanted to create peace in Rhodesia.

On May 16, 1979, the Senate voted in favor of President Carter ending economic sanctions against Rhodesia.

In November 1977, Carter said he wanted to have a good partnership between the United States and Iran.

In November 1979, a group of Iranian students took over the United States Embassy in Tehran. The students were in support of the Iranian Revolution. 52 Americans were held hostage for the next 444 days until they were freed on January 20, 1981. They were freed on the day Ronald Reagan replaced Carter as president. During the crisis, Carter never left the White House for more than 100 days. In December 1979, Carter said he wanted to solve the issue without using the military or violence. On April 7, 1980, Carter passed Executive Order 12205, adding economic sanctions against Iran and announced more action to make sure the hostages were released safely. On April 24, 1980, Carter pushed for Operation Eagle Claw to try to free the hostages. The mission failed as military helicopters crashed killing eight American military people.

Whistleblowers have said that people working on Ronald Reagan's campaign convinced Iran to not release the hostages to make sure Carter was not re-elected.

On February 8, 1977, Carter said he had wanted the Soviet Union to work with the United States to stop nuclear testing. During a June 13 meeting, Carter said that the United States would begin to talk to the Soviet Union about demilitarization of the Indian Ocean. On December 30, Carter said that the United States and the Soviet Union have made great progress on talking about important issues. These talks helped create the Strategic Arms Limitation Treaty II by Carter and Leonid Brezhnev on June 18, 1979.

Nur Muhammad Taraki and other Communists took power in Afghanistan on April 27, 1978. Following an uprising in April 1979, Taraki was removed by Khalq rival Hafizullah Amin in September. By December, Amin's government had lost control of much of the country. This caused the Soviet Union to invade Afghanistan. Carter was surprised by the invasion. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan was seen as a threat and Carter saw the Soviet Union as dangerous. Carter announced sanctions on the Soviet Union. He created an embargo on grain to the Soviet Union. Carter also supported not taking part of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher supported Carter's actions towards the Soviet Union. In early 1980, Carter created a program to arm the mujahideen. The Soviets were unable to fight off them off and left Afghanistan in 1989.

In March 1977, Carter supported removing American troops from South Korea. He wanted South Korea to have their own military forces to protect themselves from North Korea. Carter's move to remove the troops was unpopular with military officials. In May, Carter said he believed South Korea would be able to defend themselves without as many American troops. From June 30 to July 1, 1979, Carter had meetings with President of South Korea Park Chung-hee at the Blue House.

Carter said that the liberal part of the Democratic Party did not support his policies the most. He said they were caused by Senator Ted Kennedy's plan to replace him as president. Kennedy announced his plans to run for president in November 1979. Kennedy did not run a good campaign and Carter won most of the primaries. Carter won the Democratic re-nomination, however, Kennedy gave Carter weak support from the Liberal Democrats in the general election. Carter and Vice President Walter Mondale were nominated at the Democratic National Convention in New York City.

Carter's campaign for re-election in 1980 was not easy as he ran against Republican Ronald Reagan. His campaign manager and former appointments secretary, Timothy Kraft, left the campaign five weeks before the election because of possible cocaine use. On October 28, Carter and Reagan had the only presidential debate of the election. Reagan was losing to Carter at first, but after the debates, Reagan became popular.

Carter lost his re-election to Reagan in a landslide victory. Reagan won 489 of the electoral votes and Carter won 49. After the election, Carter said that he was hurt by the outcome of the election.

Shortly after losing his re-election bid, Carter told the White House press corps that he wanted his retirement to be similar than that of Harry S. Truman and not use his public life to make himself rich. In October 1986, his presidential library was opened in Atlanta, Georgia.

At aged 88, Carter built homes in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, and partnered with former presidents to work with One America Appeal to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma in the Gulf Coast and Texas communities.

Carter went to the opening ceremonies of his presidential library and those of Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush. He gave eulogies at the funerals of Coretta Scott King Gerald Ford, Theodore Hesburgh, and John Lewis. He has gone to the state funeral of every former president since he left office: Nixon in 1994, Reagan in 2004, Ford in 2006 and Bush Sr. in 2018. When going to the inauguration of Donald Trump in 2017, he became the oldest former president to go to one.

In 1982, Carter founded the Carter Center, a non-governmental and non-profit organization with the purpose of spreading human rights and end human suffering. He wanted to help improve the quality of life for people in more than 80 countries.

In 1994, President Bill Clinton wanted Carter's help in a North Korea peace mission. Carter talked with Kim Il-sung about a possible peace deal. Carter went to North Korea to help release of Aijalon Gomes in August 2010. In 2017, Carter said that he had talked to the Trump administration about having him talk to North Korea about peace.

In October 1984, Carter was named an honorary citizen of Peru. Carter supported the country's elections in 2001, and supported the Peruvian government after meeting President of Peru Alan García in April 2009, where he was honored with a medal.

In his February 1986 talks with Tomás Borge, Carter helped support the release of journalist Luis Mora and labor leader Jose Altamirano, while in Nicaragua for three days.

Carter went to Cuba in May 2002 and talked to Fidel Castro. He went to Cuba again for three days in March 2011.

Carter went to the Middle East in September 1981 meeting with Prime Minister of Israel Menachem Begin. In March 1983, he went to Egypt to talk about the Palestine Liberation Organization. In December 2008, he met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.

Carter went to Syria in April 2008, visiting the grave of Yasser Arafat in Ramallah and he said he was not working with the Bush administration about meeting with Hamas leaders.

In July 2007, Carter worked Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg, South Africa to create The Elders. This group was meant focus on peace talks. Carter wanted to travel to Zimbabwe to support human rights in November 2008, but was stopped by President Robert Mugabe's government.

Carter went to Egypt and Tunisia in 1995 and 1996 to talk about violence in the Great Lakes region of Africa. He had an important role in talking about the Nairobi Agreement in 1999 between Sudan and Uganda.

During the presidency of George W. Bush, Carter was against the Iraq War. He believed Bush wanted to remove Saddam Hussein by using lies. In May 2007, Carter stated the Bush administration "has been the worst in history" in terms of its impact in foreign affairs, Carter did not support Bush administration's handling of Hurricane Katrina.

Though he supported President Barack Obama in the early part of his presidency, Carter criticized his use of drone strikes against suspected terrorists, Obama's choice to keep Guantanamo Bay detention camp open, and use of surveillance programs.

In July 2016, Carter announced his support of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's presidential nomination during the 2016 Democratic National Convention. Carter said that the 2016 election would "define the US for a generation". He originally supported Vermont U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders and voted for him during the primaries in 2016.

During the Donald Trump presidency, Carter supported immigration reform through Congress, and did not support Trump for role during the national anthem protests.

In September 2019, Carter said he would support an "age-limit" for presidential candidates.

In August 2020, he supported former Vice President Joe Biden for president during a video played at the 2020 Democratic National Convention.

Carter and Rosalynn Smith were married on July 7, 1946 in the Plains Methodist Church, the church of Rosalynn's family. They have three sons, one daughter, eight grandsons, three granddaughters, and two great-grandsons.

Carter and his wife Rosalynn were well known for their work as volunteers with Habitat for Humanity.

Carter's hobbies included painting, fly-fishing, woodworking, cycling, tennis, and skiing. He also liked poetry.

Carter was also a personal friend of Elvis Presley. Carter and his wife, Rosalynn, met him on June 30, 1973, before Presley was to perform onstage in Atlanta. The day after Presley's death, Carter issued a statement and explained how he had "changed the face of American popular culture".

In 2000, Carter ended his membership with the Southern Baptist Convention, saying the group's ideas did not support with his Christian beliefs.

Carter became the oldest to ever attend a presidential inauguration in 2017, at age 92, and the first to live to the 40th anniversary of their own. Two years later, on March 22, 2019, he became the nation's longest-lived president. On October 1, 2019, Carter became the first U.S. president to live to the age of 95.

In May 2023, it was announced that his wife Rosalynn had dementia. She entered hospice care alongside her husband on November 17, 2023, and died two days later at the age of 96. He went to her funeral in Atlanta on November 28 alongside all living former first ladies, former President Bill Clinton and President Joe Biden. She was buried at their home that they built, where Carter also planned to be buried.

On August 3, 2015, Carter had surgery to remove "a small mass" on his liver. On August 12, however, Carter announced he had been diagnosed with cancer that had metastasized. On August 20, he said that melanoma had been found in his brain and liver. On December 6, 2015, Carter said that his medical scans no longer showed any cancer.

On May 13, 2019, Carter broke his hip at his Plains home and had surgery in Americus, Georgia. On October 6, 2019, Carter got 14 stitches above his left eyebrow after injuring it during another fall at home. A few weeks later, Carter was hospitalized after having a minor pelvic fracture after falling again at home. A month after his fall, Carter was hospitalized in November at the Emory University Hospital in Atlanta to relieve pressure on his brain. The surgery was successful, and Carter was released from the hospital on November 27.

In February 2021, it was announced that Carter and his wife both received their doses of the COVID-19 vaccine.

In late February 2023, Carter stopped medical treatment and started hospice care at home. He was being treated for an "aggressive form" of melanoma. On March 13, 2023 it was revealed by President Joe Biden that Carter had asked him to deliver his eulogy after his death.

Carter's presidency was at first seen as unpopular in historical rankings of American presidents. Although his presidency was unpopular, his peace and humanitarian works since he left office have made Carter one of the most popular former presidents in American history.

His presidential approval numbers was just 31 percent before the 1980 election, but 64 percent approved of his presidency in a 2009 poll. "The Independent" wrote, "Carter is widely [seen as] a better man than he was a president".

Carter has had many awards since his presidency. In 1998, the U.S. Navy named the third and last "Seawolf"-class submarine honoring former President Carter and his service as a submariner officer. That year he also received the United Nations Human Rights Prize, given in honor of human rights achievements, and the Hoover Medal. He won the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize.

Carter has been nominated nine times for the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for audio recordings of his books, and has won three times in 2007, 2016 and 2019.

The Souther Field Airport in Americus, Georgia was renamed Jimmy Carter Regional Airport in 2009.



Cannes

Cannes () is a commune and the prefecture of Alpes-Maritimes.

It is most famous for the Cannes Film Festival, which takes place every summer. Many famous people come to the movie festival from around the world to promote their movies and to see other peoples' movies.

Theodore Roosevelt

Theodore Roosevelt Jr. (October 27, 1858 – January 6, 1919) was an American politician and statesman. He was the 26th president of the United States from 1901 to 1909. Before becoming president, he was the 25th vice president under William McKinley from March to September 1901. Roosevelt is often ranked as one of the greatest presidents in American history. He earned the Nobel Peace Prize in 1906, making him the first president & American to do so, for setting the Russo-Japanese War.

Theodore Roosevelt Jr. was born on October 27, 1858, in New York City. He was curious as a child, so he took up studying animals. He also took up boxing. He went to college at Harvard. He married twice, first to Alice Hathaway Lee and later to Edith Kermit Carow. He had six children: Alice, Theodore Jr., Kermit, Ethel, Archie and Quentin.

After spending time in North Dakota, Roosevelt was elected into the New York State Legislature, and served, as a Civil Service Commissioner and New York City police commissioner (a non-police officer who is in charge of making the police department run smoothly). In 1897, he was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Navy, but gave up on that to fight in the Spanish American War.

Roosevelt became Governor of New York, then vice-president. After William McKinley was shot and killed, he became President of the United States.

Roosevelt joined the US Army in the Spanish-American War. He was a Lieutenant Colonel in the 1st U. S. Volunteer Cavalry. These horsemen were called the "Roughriders".

For his actions during the war, Roosevelt was recommended for the Medal of Honor.

In 2001, Theodore Roosevelt became the first President to receive the Medal of Honor.

Roosevelt's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in Cuba in 1898.

The words of Roosevelt's citation explain:
Lieutenant Colonel Theodore Roosevelt distinguished himself by acts of bravery on 1 July 1898, near Santiago de Cuba, Republic of Cuba, while leading a daring charge up San Juan Hill. Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt, in total disregard for his personal safety, and accompanied by only four or five men, led a desperate and gallant charge up San Juan Hill, encouraging his troops to continue the assault through withering enemy fire over open countryside. Facing the enemy's heavy fire, he displayed extraordinary bravery throughout the charge, and was the first to reach the enemy trenches, where he quickly killed one of the enemy with his pistol, allowing his men to continue the assault. His leadership and valor turned the tide in the Battle for San Juan Hill. Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army. 

As president, Roosevelt worked to make the U.S. a world power, one of the most powerful countries in the world. Before, it had been the richest country in the world, but not a significant military power. Roosevelt's foreign policy was described by an African proverb as "speak softly and carry a big stick", meaning you do not have to make war, but should give that impression if you are to be respected. He increased the size of the United States' navy and sent all of the ships across the world to demonstrate to other countries that the United States was strong and could fight if needs be.

He continued the Monroe Doctrine and used the country's military might to influence Latin American politics. He had the Panama Canal built (which allowed ships to travel in less time by taking a shortcut). In doing so, he created the independent country of Panama, which before was part of Colombia, by invading it. He also took a part for the United States, which is where the canal was built. It was not turned over to Panama until 1999. As president, he was interested in what happened in other countries. In 1905, he helped to end the war between the Russian and Japanese empires. Everybody thought Russia would defeat Japan, but the result was the opposite. Roosevelt met both parties and convinced them to sign a peace treaty. He won a Nobel Peace Prize for this work in 1906. He was the first president of any country to win the prize.

At home, Roosevelt fought for all Americans having a "Square Deal", meaning an equal chance for all Americans to become successful. As part of his Square Deal, he regulated big businesses called trusts, and forced several of them to split up in several smaller companies. This should support competition, which he thought was important. Roosevelt supported labor laws for the working class, required meat and drugs to be inspected, and protected the environment. He created several nature reserves. These ideas would influence later presidents to expand the government's role in the economy and to help ordinary workers. Many in the Republican party opposed him because of this, however.

Roosevelt did not run for president in 1908, as he had the office for nearly eight years. He wanted his Solicitor General, William Howard Taft to run for president instead. Taft was chosen, and Roosevelt went to Africa to hunt big game. However, when he came back, he thought Taft was not doing a good job and taking too little actions against so-called trusts. Taft was also more conservative and he did not continue all of Roosevelt's progressive policies. He decided to challenge Taft for the Republican nomination in 1912. He failed, but many Republicans preferred Roosevelt, and instead he launched his own party, the Progressive party. While running for president and holding a speech, he was shot, but lived and even finished his speech. Because the Republican voters split between Roosevelt and Taft, they both lost to Woodrow Wilson. Roosevelt also thought Wilson was not doing a good job, either, and wanted the U.S. to enter World War I after it broke out. He prepared to run again, for the third time, in 1920. Nobody had served more than eight years at the time. Roosevelt died, however, on January 6, 1919 of a Blood Clot in his sleep. Because he was so strong, a newspaper commented that "death had to take Roosevelt asleep", because if he had been awake there would have been a fight between him and death.

Besides being president, Roosevelt was an author and historian. He wrote 35 books about politics, ships, and hunting. He is thought to be one of America's presidents who read the most. He owned a large ranch in North Dakota. He also hunted large animals throughout the world and was active with the Boy Scouts of America.

Roosevelt is one of four Presidents to be carved in stone on Mount Rushmore. Historians consider him one of the best U.S. presidents.

Theodore Roosevelt is the namesake of many American schools. He has a national park in North Dakota named after him, a type of elk, as well as river in Brazil. The popular stuffed animal doll, the "Teddy bear", was named after Roosevelt.

Two US Navy ships are named after him:

Notes

Composer

A composer is someone who writes (composes) music. Some composers work by writing music down on paper; this is called 'written notation'. Classical music writers work this way. Writers for TV and movie music also usually write this way, so that an orchestra or other players can read the music and play it.

Some musicians are very good at improvisation. This means that they think up (invent) the music as they play it. Some church organists are good at improvising. During a service they may need to play some organ music to fill in the gaps while people are collecting money or taking communion. Jazz musicians are usually excellent at improvising. Improvisation is not written down, so each time it is different.

Popular and rock or soul music writers are often not able to read and write music down. Many pop and rock composers compose their songs on a guitar or piano. Cole Porter and Irving Berlin usually composed at the piano.

Many songs are written by two or more people. It is common for two people to work together to write songs. Sometimes, one person writes the music and one writes the words (the lyrics). Some songs such as folk songs were composed many years ago and no one knows who wrote them.


Cannes Film Festival

The Cannes Film Festival is an event held every year in Cannes, France. The festival previews films from around the world.

Only those who are invited can attend the festival. The top film wins the Palme d'Or. The second most prestigious trophy is the Grand Prix. A jury selects which film earns the prizes. The jury is led by an internationally recognized personality of cinema. Being appointed to this position is the recognition of an outstanding career.





"Feature Movies"

"Short Movies"

"Other"


Henry VIII

Henry VIII (28 June 1491 – 28 January 1547) was the King of England from 1509 until his death in 1547

Henry VIII increased the power of the monarchy and government over the country. Many people he did not like were executed under his orders, including two of his own wives. He was easily led by whoever his favourite advisor was: Thomas Wolsey, Thomas More, Thomas Cromwell, Thomas Cranmer and Richard Rich. More and Cromwell were also executed. He passed laws to merge Wales into England and was the first English monarch to be King of Ireland.

His government was able to raise more money because they stopped paying money to the Roman Catholic Church and because they closed down the monasteries. But he also spent far more money on his own enjoyment and on wars with France and Scotland. These wars did not achieve much. He made the Royal Navy much bigger and made other improvements to the armed forces.

Early in his reign he was seen as a very handsome young man who had studied a lot and enjoyed sports, music and writing. Later in his reign he became weak, ill and hugely obese. He also became unpredictable, bad-tempered and unable to admit to making mistakes. He died at the age of 55 in 1547. The next king was his son Edward VI.

Henry was born at Greenwich Palace on 28 June 1491, and was the son of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York. He was one of their seven children. Four of them survived infancy  – Arthur, Prince of Wales; Margaret; Henry; and Mary .

He had his own servants and minstrels, including a fool named John Goose. He even had a whipping boy who was punished for Henry when he did something wrong. Prince Henry enjoyed music and jousting was very good at both of them. At the age of 10, he could play many instruments, including the fife, harp, viola and drums. Henry was a scholar, linguist, musician and athlete at his early age. He could speak fluent Latin, French and Spanish. He had the best tutors and he also had to learn jousting, archery, hunting and other military arts. Henry was very religious. 

Henry's older brother Arthur was the heir to the throne. This means he would have become the king when Henry VII died. Arthur married a Spanish princess, Catherine of Aragon (her name in Spanish was Catalina de Aragon). Prince Arthur died a few months later. He was 15 years old, and Henry was 10 years old. After his brother died, Henry was the heir to the throne.

While his father was alive he was watched closely, because the King feared for the safety of his only remaining male heir. Henry could go out only through a private door, and then he was watched by specially appointed people. No one could speak to Henry. He spent most of his time in his room, which could only be entered through his father’s bedroom. Henry never spoke in public, unless it was to answer a question from his father. He kept his enthusiastic personality under control on public occasions because he feared his father's temper. He was given little training for his future role as King by his father and relied heavily on his counselors in the early years of his reign. In 1509, Henry VII died of tuberculosis as well and his son became King Henry VIII. He was 17 years old.

Three months after becoming king, Henry married Catherine of Aragon. They tried to have children, as Henry wanted a son who could be the next king. In 1511, she gave birth to a son who they named Henry, but he died seven weeks later. She later gave birth to a girl, the future Queen Mary I. All her other children were stillborn (died before birth). He did have one son (Henry Fitzroy) through a woman he was not married to. This son could not become king.

Early on, Henry had two of his father's advisors executed. They were not popular and Henry claimed they had been stealing from the money they had been looking after. Henry would often execute anyone he did not like during the rest of his reign. From 1514, Thomas Wolsey became an important advisor to Henry. Wolsey helped Henry change the government to give the king more power. Wolsey later became a cardinal, making him an important figure in the church.

At first, Henry wanted to be friends with the King of France. But soon, he instead joined with Spain, the Pope and the Holy Roman Empire to weaken France. He dreamed of gaining more lands in France. The results were mixed: England won some battles against France in 1513. The alliance weakened France`s power over the Pope. Scotland invaded England in 1514 but lost badly at the Battle of the Flodden. But Henry spent a lot of money and did not gain much land.

In 1520, an event named; 'The Field of the Cloth of Gold', took place in Calais (at the time, the city was part of England rather than France). It was held to celebrate peace between France and England because they had been at war for a long time. Loads of money was spent on it. People enjoyed music, dancing, food, wine and culture for two-and-a-half weeks. Henry famously wrestled King Francis I of France and lost. Despite this, England and France were soon fighting again. After they signed a treaty in 1525, there was less fighting.

The most important event that happened in England when Henry was the king was the country's change in religion. At first, there was no sign that Henry would do this. Eight years into Henry's reign, the Protestant Reformation began in Germany. Until then, all of Western Europe had been part of the Roman Catholic Church. When the Reformation began, some countries broke away from the Roman Catholic Church to form Protestant churches. At first, Henry was against this. The Reformation did not spread to England straight away. But by the 1530s, there were many powerful people in England who liked the idea of the Reformation.

Henry became desperate to have a son. By 1527, Henry was wanting to divorce Catherine and marry Anne Boleyn. The Roman Catholic Church said he could not divorce without asking the Pope. Henry asked the Pope, but the Pope would not do this. The Pope said it went against the teachings of the church. Henry blamed Wolsey for failing to change the Pope's mind. He sacked Wolsey and ordered him to be put on trial, though Wolsey died before the trial could happen. After that, Thomas More became his main advisor. But More opposed the divorce, so he was replaced a few years later by Thomas Cromwell. Henry also chose a man called Thomas Cranmer to be the Archbishop of Canterbury. Henry knew that Cranmer would do what he wanted, and Cranmer agreed that Henry could have a divorce from Catherine. The Pope did not know this, so he let Cranmer become the archbishop.

A powerful ruler might have forced the Pope to change his mind, but the most powerful rulers would have opposed the divorce. Catherine's nephew was Charles V, Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, and Catherine came from Spain, the largest Catholic country. In 1534, attempts to reach an agreement over the divorce failed.

Henry asked Parliament to pass the Act of Supremacy, which meant that the king, not the pope, was the head of the church in England. This created the new Church of England. The Pope was so angry that he excommunicated Henry, meaning Henry was thrown out of the church. Henry then forced all priests and bishops to accept him as the new leader. Anyone who refused was punished. Among those killed were Thomas More and his old teacher John Fisher.

Henry was not a true Protestant. He wanted the Church of England to be similar to the Roman Catholic Church but under his control. Some Protestants were even executed, including Anne Askew. However, Henry was easily led by people like Thomas Crownell, Thomas Cranmer and Anne Bolyen, who secretly wanted the country to become Protestant. It was not until the reigns of Edward VI and Elizabeth I that the Church of England became fully Protestant.

Henry and Cromwell thought that monasteries, in which Roman Catholic monks and nuns lived, had more money and land than the monks and nuns needed. Henry forced the monks and nuns to move out of the monasteries. Then Henry gave their money and land to men who supported him. Most of the men who received money and land from the closed monasteries were Protestants. This event was called the dissolution of the monasteries.

After his divorce from Catherine of Aragon, Henry VIII married Anne Boleyn, who was younger than Catherine and still able to have children. Henry soon became unhappy with the marriage. He and Anne did not get on well as they had before they married. Anne had many enemies in the government, including Henry's most loyal minister, Thomas Cromwell. Henry was also unhappy that Anne, just like Catherine, only had a daughter and no sons. Henry started looking for another wife.

In January 1536, Henry fell off a horse while jousting and was badly injured. He took a long time to wake up and his leg was wounded. The wound never properly healed, and he had painful ulcers on his leg for the rest of the his life. This meant it was hard for him to do exercise, so after this he started to become obese. The head injury may have also caused him to become more bad-tempered.

Later that year, Cromwell helped Henry to find a way to get rid of Anne, by finding people who said that she had been the lover of several other men. Anne was put on trial and found guilty, and she was executed by having her head chopped off by a French swordsman.

Henry's third wife was Jane Seymour. She soon gave birth to a son called Edward. Although this made Henry very happy, a few days later Jane died. Henry had loved her very much and he never got over his sadness at her death. He lost interest in everything, and became bigger in size. He became angry with Thomas Cromwell when Cromwell suggested that he should get married again after Jane's death. 

After a while, Henry changed his mind. As he still only had one son, he realised that it might be a good idea to marry again, and he agreed to marry Anne of Cleves, a German princess. When Anne arrived, Henry did not think she was as pretty as she looked in the pictures he had seen, and he was not satisfied with her. Anne was also unhappy and agreed to cancel the marriage after only a few months. Since Cromwell had helped arrange the marriage, Henry was angry and had him executed. 

In the meantime, Henry had noticed a young lady at court, called Catherine Howard, and thought that she might make a good wife. Catherine Howard was a cousin of Henry's second wife, Anne Boleyn. Henry and Catherine got married in 1540, but Catherine was much younger than Henry and she soon got tired of him and started to flirt with other men. After they had been married for just over a year, Henry found out that Catherine had been having an affair with Thomas Culpeper. She was found guilty of treason and was executed, just like Anne Boleyn had been a few years before.

Henry's sixth and last wife was called Catherine Parr. She was a woman in her thirties who had already been married twice. Her first two husbands had been much older than she was, and both had died. Henry thought that she would be more sensible and faithful than his other wives, and he turned out to be right. Catherine Parr stayed married to Henry for over three years until he died, but they did not have any children.

After divorcing Catherine of Aragon, Henry began to suffer many different ailments, he never again regained health. He died on 28 January 1547 at the age of 55 and was buried in Windsor Castle. Henry was the father of two queens and one king. They were Mary I of England, Elizabeth I of England, and Edward VI of England. None of them had any children of their own.

In 1536, the Act of Union was passed under Henry's rule which had a long-lasting effect on Wales as a nation. The Act of Union meant that Welsh people were forced to speak English and things such as road signs were translated into English. The royal family, who were based in London, were now officially in charge of Wales. However, the Act also meant that Welsh citizens were given the same legal rights as the English so there was an upside to this new law.

Henry often liked to be captured in his portraits with either food or pets. He had many pets. Henry was often seen with his dog. He owned a white pug and was very aware of how much his dog represented him as a wealthy man.

Henry VIII spent a lot of time at a magnificent building named Hampton Court Palace that belonged to his friend, Cardinal Thomas Wolsey. After falling out with Wolsey, Henry took the palace for himself. He made the palace far larger, building things such as tennis courts and jousting yards.



Orchestra

An orchestra is a group of musicians playing instruments together. They make music. A large orchestra is sometimes called a "symphony orchestra" and a small orchestra is called a "chamber orchestra". A symphony orchestra may have about 100 players, while a chamber orchestra may have 30 or 40 players. The number of players will depend on what music they are playing and the size of the place where they are playing. The word "orchestra" originally meant the semi-circular space in front of a stage in a Greek theatre which is where the singers and instruments used to play. Gradually the word came to mean the musicians themselves.

The orchestra is directed by a conductor. He/she helps the players to play together, to get the right balance so that everything can be heard clearly, and to encourage the orchestra to play with the same kind of feeling. Some small chamber orchestras may play without a conductor. This was usual until the 19th century when the orchestras got very big and needed a conductor who made decisions and stood in front so that all the players could see him.

he instruments of the orchestra are divided into districts: the strings, woodwind, brass and percussion. Each section (group of instruments) will have a player who is the "Boss". The principals will make decisions about seating arrangements, and about technical ways of playing the music: for example the principal of the string sections will make sure all the players move their bows up and down in the same direction. The violins are divided into first and second violins. The first violins usually have the tune while the seconds, most of the time, are part of the accompaniment. The principal of the first violin is the leader (or concertmaster) of the orchestra. In a professional orchestra they will be the most highly paid member of the orchestra.

The strings are the biggest section, although there are only five kinds of instruments: violin, viola, cello, double bass, and harp. This is because they are playing most of the time and usually form the basis of the music. If they are not playing the tune they will probably be accompanying. The first and second violins play different notes: the firsts usually have the tune. The strings sit at the front of the stage in a fan-shape in front of the conductor. The first violins are on the conductor's left, then come the second violins, then the violas and then the cellos. The double basses are behind the cellos. Some conductors prefer to have the second violins on their right and the cellos between the first violins and violas (see image of the Dohnanyi Orchestra).

The woodwind sit in one or two rows (depending on the size of the orchestra) behind the strings. There are five main woodwind instruments: flute, oboe, clarinet, saxophone, and bassoon. Each of these instruments also come in different versions:

The flute has a small version called the piccolo which plays an octave higher. It is the highest instrument in the orchestra. Occasionally there is an alto flute which is longer and plays a fifth (half an octave) lower than the flute. Most woodwind instruments need a reed, but the flute does not have a reed.

The bassoon has a larger version: the contrabassoon or double bassoon which sounds an octave lower. It is one of the lowest instruments in the orchestra.

The clarinet has a larger version as well; the bass clarinet. It reaches the same depth as a bassoon. Usually only one is found in a modern orchestra. There is also an alto clarinet but because it plays the same part an alto saxophone plays, it is typically regarded as an unnecessary instrument.

A formal orchestra will always consist of two of the four main instruments. The variations of the instruments are used where the piece asks for it. Usually, the newer pieces written after 1850 will have more instruments.

Sometimes a player will double on these extra instruments, for example: one of the flute players may also play the piccolo in the same piece. It depends on the piece of music. Obviously a player cannot play the flute and piccolo at the same time. If the two instruments do play at the same time an extra player will be needed for the piccolo.

The brass section has four sections: trumpet, trombone, French horn, and tuba. Some of these come in several sizes. The article on transposing instruments explains more about it. The trumpet may have several slightly different sizes. The lowest kind is a bass trumpet. The trombone may be an alto, tenor, bass or contrabass trombone. The French horn, like the other brass instruments, has changed over the years. Modern horns have at least three valves and are usually in F. They often sit in a different place to the other brass. The tuba comes in different sizes and the player or conductor must decide which to use for the piece they are playing. There are large ones called contrabass tubas. A small tuba is commonly also seen and is called a euphonium or a baritone horn.

The percussion section has the largest variety of instruments. such as: the tambourine, the triangle, the fabulous loud gong, the crashing cymbals and the ringing bell. The timpani (or "kettle drums") can be tuned to particular notes. They are the most common percussion instrument. Composers such as Haydn and Mozart nearly always used them, even with their small orchestras. This is the most commonly used percussion instruments and is used in almost all pieces.

The rest of the percussion section can include tuned percussion instruments like the xylophone. Non-tuned percussion can be other kinds of drum like bass drum, snare drum, and a variety of others: simple to name the most common ones. The principal percussion player will have to decide which player will play which instrument(s). The percussionists have to work well together as a team so all parts can be covered.

It is difficult to say when the orchestra was invented because instruments have played together for many centuries. If we say that an orchestra is a group of string instruments with several players playing the same part, and that there may be wind instruments (i.e. woodwind and brass) or percussion playing as well, then the 17th century is the time that orchestras started. In Paris in 1626 King Louis XIII had an orchestra of 24 violins (called "24 Violons du Roi"). Later in the century the English king Charles II wanted to be like the French king and so he, too, had a string orchestra. Gradually the other instruments were added. At this time there was usually someone playing the harpsichord (the continuo part). It was often the composer himself, who would have conducted from the keyboard at important moments like the beginning and end of the piece.

Clarinets came into the orchestra at the end of the 18th century, and trombones at the beginning of the 19th century. Orchestras were still quite small, though. The saxophone was invented in the middle of the 19th century, but although they started to use it in orchestras, it soon became an instrument that was used in wind bands and later jazz bands. The opera composer Richard Wagner made the orchestra much bigger because he kept asking for extra instruments. He asked for a bass clarinet in his opera "Lohengrin", and for his cycle of four operas called "The Ring of the Nibelung" he asked for an exact number of players: 16 first violins, 16 second violins, 12 violas, 12 cellos, 8 double basses, 3 flutes and piccolo, 3 oboes and cor anglais, 3 clarinets and bass clarinet, 3 bassoons, 3 trumpets and bass trumpet, 3 tenor trombones and a double bass trombone, 8 horns with 4 of them playing a specially designed tuba, a bass tuba, percussion, and 6 harps.

Not all pieces written after that need quite such a large orchestra, but concert halls had become bigger and composers had got used to a bigger variety of sounds. Later composers sometimes added all sorts of unusual instruments: wind machine, sandpaper block, bottles, typewriter, anvils, iron chains, cuckoo, Swannee whistle etc. None of these are normal orchestral instruments. Sometimes a piano is used in the percussion section, e.g. Igor Stravinsky used one in "Petrouchka". Sometimes voices are also used.

Today orchestras can usually be heard in concert halls. They also play in opera houses for opera and ballet, or in a large stadium for huge open-air concerts. Orchestras may record in studios for making CDs or recording music for movies. Many of them can be heard easily and cheaply every summer in London at the BBC Proms.

Some of the greatest orchestras today include: the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, the Boston Symphony Orchestra, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Cleveland Orchestra, the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra, the London Symphony Orchestra, the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the BBC Symphony Orchestra, the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra, the , the St Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra, the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, and the NHK Symphony Orchestra (Tokyo). Opera houses usually have their own orchestra, e.g. the orchestras of the Metropolitan Opera House, La Scala, or the Royal Opera House.

In many countries there are opportunities for school-age children who play instruments well to play in youth orchestras in their areas. In Britain some of the very best are selected to play in the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain. Other world-famous youth orchestras include the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar, Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra, the European Union Youth Orchestra and the West-Eastern Divan Orchestra.



Homosexuality

Homosexuality is a sexual orientation. A homosexual person is romantically or sexually attracted to people of their own gender. Men who are romantically or sexually attracted to other men are called gay. Women who are romantically or sexually attracted to other women can be called gay as well, but are usually called lesbians. People who are romantically or sexually attracted to men "and" women are called bisexual.

Together homosexual, bisexual, and transgender people make up the LGBT community, which stands for "Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender". It is difficult to say how many people are homosexual. Homosexuality is known to exist in all cultures and countries.

One may say that homosexuality is the term used for people that feel romantically or sexually attracted to their own sex, but other definitions also exist. When one views homosexuality as the term for people that feel romantically or sexually attracted to their own sex, more people are gay than when one might view homosexuality as only a term for people who do "have" sexual relationships with their own sex. Usually, the term is used to view all the people who are romantically or sexually attracted to their own sex, as well as those with such attractions who have not had a sexual relationship with their own sex yet. Nonetheless, the most visible form of homosexuality is the actual relationship. Most 'evidence' of homosexuality in ancient cultures comes from drawings of the men in an intimate relationship or sex, because it's the most obvious.

The word "homosexual" comes from the Ancient Greek word "homo", meaning "same", and the Latin word for "gender". People in the LGBT community usually say "gay" instead of "homosexual." Some people also use the term "homophile" (from Greek ' ("homos", meaning "the same") and ' ("philein"; meaning "to love"). This term emphasizes romantic interest in the same sex, rather than sexual attraction.

There are many different words to describe homosexual people. Some of these are used to insult homosexual people. However, the LGBT community sometimes uses these words to describe themselves because the word "homosexual" can sound too clinical. This is done to make the words less hurtful. Some words to describe homosexual men are "gay" and "queer". Words to describe homosexual women are "lesbian" and "dyke". "Lesbian" is used most often. "Dyke" is used less often and is sometimes used to describe lesbians who are more masculine (act or dress more like men). However, "queer" and "dyke" are sometimes used against gay people as insults, so they can sometimes be offensive.

When homosexual people keep their sexual orientation a secret, they are said to be "in the closet". "Out" or "out of the closet" is a slang term that means a homosexual person is open about their sexual orientation. This means they do not hide the fact that they are homosexual. Some gay and lesbian people stay in the closet because of fear of what would happen or because they live in a place that is not safe for homosexual people.

Sometimes people who are 'out' also say they are 'proud'. "Out" means they are not hiding their sexual orientation. "Proud" means that they are pleased about it. "Proud" or "Pride" has a special meaning in the LGBT community. It means they are celebrating and being happy that they are homosexual. It is not 'pride' meaning that they have done something to be proud of, but 'pride' meaning the opposite of shame. Many cities have "Pride Parades". These used to be protest marches. Today, they are usually celebrations of the LGBT community. They usually occur in June, in memory of the 'Stonewall Riots' that happened in New York City in 1969. These riots happened because police harassed and arrested people for being homosexual. 'Stonewall' or the 'Stonewall Riots' are sometimes called the start of the LGBT rights movement.

The causes of homosexuality and bisexuality are controversial (people do not agree on them). The causes of homosexuality are not all understood, but genetics and the effects of the prenatal environment and hormones (when a baby is growing in its mother) are thought to be causes. There is not much evidence that the social environment is a cause of homosexuality. Scientists also show that homosexuality happens not only in humans. Some animals (like penguins, chimpanzees, and dolphins) often show homosexuality, and some (rams) even for lifelong periods as is the case with humans.

Doctors used to treat gay people as if they had mental illnesses. However, homosexuality is no longer called a disease by doctors in many countries. There are some religious and non-religious groups who still try to 'cure' homosexuality. This is sometimes called 'conversion therapy'. In therapies like this one, homosexual individuals have tried to become heterosexual and have even claimed they were changed, but most people do not believe it is possible.

Conversion therapy or reparative therapy aims to change people's sexual orientation from homosexual to heterosexual. It is condemned by medical and psychiatry groups such as the American Psychological Association, American Psychiatric Association, Royal College of Psychiatrists, National Association of Social Workers, Royal College of Nursing, and the American Academy of Pediatrics. These scientific and educated groups are concerned that such therapy is a violation of the ethical principles of health care, and violates human rights.

Many people believe that it is unfortunate to discuss causes of homosexuality and bisexuality without discussing causes of heterosexuality, too. Although it is easy to understand why heterosexuality exists (heterosexual sex produces babies), that does not explain how the brain develops to produce heterosexual people. Heterosexuality, homosexuality, and bisexuality all have causes, and some people believe that to discuss only the causes of homosexuality and bisexuality suggests that there is something wrong with people who have those orientations.

Gay people can fall in love and have lifelong relationships. In most countries, they cannot legally marry their partners. However, they still have relationships in the same way as heterosexual people.

Some homosexual people have wedding ceremonies even though governments do not recognize or accept them. They may call their partner a spouse, wife, or husband despite the law.

But to them, the important part about marriage is not just the name. Married people get many benefits from being married. Depending on the country, these benefits can include paying less taxes, getting their spouse's insurance, inheriting property, social security benefits, having or adopting children together, emigrating to a spouse's country, being able to make choices for a sick spouse, or even being allowed to visit a sick spouse who is in a hospital.

Today there are numerous countries that allow homosexual people to marry, including: Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, England, Finland, France, Iceland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Republic of Ireland, Scotland, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, Uruguay, the United States and Wales. The Netherlands was first in 2001. It is also legal in six Native American tribes.

Instead of marriage, some countries or states offer homosexuals civil unions or domestic partnerships. This gives them some of the protections and benefits of marriage, but not all. Civil unions and domestic partnerships are sometimes seen by the LGBT community as being 'second class' (not as good as 'first class'). They do offer some benefits for gay and lesbian couples, but they also suggest that these couples are not as important or valid as heterosexual couples. Some people even say this is like the "separate but equal" rules that were used to segregate people by race in the United States. They believe that separate is "never" equal and homosexuals should not accept being second class citizens.

Many religions teach that homosexual sex is a sin. Such religions traditionally include Islam, Christianity and Judaism. Usually, it is only the act of sexual intercourse that is considered sinful and not natural. Not all believe the attraction, is sinful, just the actions in response to the desire.

However, some denominations (different parts) of these religions and some eastern religions now accept homosexuality. There are several other religions that are accepting of homosexuality, particularly new religions. There are also some religions which are indifferent to homosexuality, such as Zoroastrianism and Jainism.

In many countries, homosexual people are discriminated against. A homosexual person can be fired from a job because they are gay, even if they are a good worker. Homosexual people can be denied renting a home or being able to eat in a restaurant because of their sexual orientation.

In some countries, homosexual people can experience violence. For example, Islamic law is used in some places to kill homosexuals or place them in jail. Some groups believe over 4,000 homosexual people have been killed in Iran since 1979 because of their sexual orientation. In 2005, after fourteen months of prison and torture, two teenage boys were hanged in Iran for homosexuality.

In modern times, homosexuality has become more accepted in Western countries. Most western countries have laws that protect homosexuals from violence and discrimination.

In the United Kingdom, homosexuality used to be a crime. Oscar Wilde, the famous Irish writer was imprisoned for it, and as a result, it destroyed his reputation and career as a wit and playwright. Alan Turing, the man who helped the Allies in World War II by breaking the Enigma Code used by the Germans, was convicted of this crime and according to some speculations he ultimately killed himself over the effects of the attempt to cure his homosexuality.

Today in the United Kingdom, homosexual people are safer. Homosexual sex between adults is not a crime. Gay and lesbian couples can marry. Gay people can be in the military.

In most of the world, homosexual people still do not have the same rights and freedoms that heterosexuals have.

Homosexual behaviour has also been seen in animals. Homosexual, transgender and bisexual behaviour includes sex, courtship, affection, pair bonding, and parenting. Homosexual behaviour is widespread among animals. Bruce Bagemihl did research in 1999. It shows that homosexual behaviour has been observed in close to 1500 species, from primates to gut worms, and is well documented for 500 of them. The sexual behaviour of animals takes many different forms, even within the same species. The motivations for these behaviours are only partly known, mainly because the respecive species has not been fully studied yet. According to Bagemihl, "the animal kingdom [does] it with much greater sexual diversity—including homosexual, bisexual and nonreproductive sex—than the scientific community and society at large have previously been willing to accept."



There are national and international groups or organizations for the LGBT community. These organizations are often political. They fight for the rights and safety of homosexuals.

Some of the more important political organizations are:

Dwight D. Eisenhower

Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower( (October 14, 1890 – March 28, 1969) was the 34th president of the United States, from 1953 to 1961. He was known across the world for his help leading the Allied invasions in World War II.

Dwight David Eisenhower was born on October 14, 1890, at 609 S. Lamar Avenue in Denison, Texas. He was the third of seven sons. His mother originally named him David Dwight, but she switched two names after his birth so that there wouldn't be two Davids in the family.

In 1892, the family moved to Abilene, Kansas, which Eisenhower considered his hometown. Dwight became very interested in exploring the outdoors. He learned about hunting and fishing, cooking, and card playing from a man named Bob Davis who camped on the Smoky Hill River.

Eisenhower went to Abilene High School. He graduated with the class of 1909. He and brother Edgar both wanted to go to college, but they did not have enough money. They decided to take different years at college while the other worked to earn money to pay the tuitions.

Edgar took the first turn at school, and Dwight was working a job as a night supervisor at the Belle Springs Creamery. When Edgar asked for a second year, Dwight accepted and worked for a second year. At that time, a friend named "Swede" Hazlett was applying to the Naval Academy. He wanted Dwight to apply to the school, since there was no tuition. Eisenhower asked for consideration for either Annapolis or West Point with his U.S. Senator, Joseph L. Bristow. Though Eisenhower was one of the winners of the entrance-exam competition, he was too old for the Naval Academy. He then accepted an appointment to West Point in 1911.

At West point, Eisenhower liked the traditions and the sports. In sports, Eisenhower later said that "not making the baseball team at West Point was one of the greatest disappointments of my life, maybe my greatest". He joined the varsity football team and was a starter as running back and linebacker in 1912. He tackled the legendary Jim Thorpe of the Carlisle Indians. Eisenhower got a torn knee while being tackled in the next game, which was the last he played; he re-injured his knee on horseback and in the boxing ring, so he turned to fencing and gymnastics.

Eisenhower later served as junior varsity football coach and cheerleader. He graduated in the middle of the class of 1915. That class became known as "the class the stars fell on", because 59 members became general officers.

Eisenhower was born into a family which did not have much money. He joined the United States Military Academy at West Point as a cadet in 1911, and as an officer served in many different places including the Panama Canal Zone, Washington, D.C. and the Philippines. During World War II, he was a general. He directed the invasion of Morocco and Algeria during the North African Campaign. He became a 5-star general and was the Supreme Allied Commander for Operation Overlord (an attack on Germany which was one of the most important battles of the war).

After World War II ended, he was considered a war hero. In the 1952 U.S. presidential election, the American public begged Eisenhower to run for president. Eisenhower (whose political views were unknown at the time) joined the Republican Party. He chose Richard Nixon as his vice-presidential candidate and won the election by beating Adlai Stevenson II.

He served two terms from 1953 to 1961. Eisenhower was the first President of the United States to be president of all 50 states.

During the beginning of his first term, he oversaw a ceasefire (which stopped the fighting) during the Korean War. He created NASA (the United States space program) which began a space race against the Soviet Union. Eisenhower believed that the United States should not try to fight wars overseas, but instead that United States should make more nuclear weapons so it could have an advantage in the Cold War. The United States was able to keep the Soviet Union in check without spending a lot of money. For this reason, the U.S. government had balanced budgets during his presidency and did not have to borrow money.

He intimidated the Soviet Union by making them believe that the United States would respond to any act of aggression with the use of nuclear weapons. That policy is called brinkmanship, new look, and massive retaliation. He also authorized planes to spy on the Soviet Union, but when a U.S. spy plane accidentally crashed into the Soviet Union near the end of Eisenhower's term, it hurt relations between the United States and the Soviet Union.

McCarthyism (when Senator Joseph McCarthy was accusing hundreds of people of being communist spies without evidence) was also an issue during his presidency. Eisenhower disliked Joseph McCarthy and tried to bring him down behind the scenes, but Eisenhower did not like to make enemies, so he did not talk about McCarthy much.

Domestically (in the country), the economy was doing very well and the nation was prosperous. Eisenhower supervised the creation of the interstate highway system and created the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. Eisenhower was a moderate conservative (near the center of the political spectrum). He wanted to continue some New Deal programs such as Social Security, but at the same time, he wanted the government to be limited. At first, many criticized him for not doing enough to give civil rights to African Americans, but later during his presidency, he signed two civil rights acts and sent federal troops to Little Rock, Arkansas to make sure schools were desegregated.

When Eisenhower's presidency ended he was not very popular with scholars. Over time his reputation slowly improved and historians now generally consider him to be a good president. he died of heart failure in Washington D. C at age 78

In September 2020, a presidential memorial was dedicated in Washington, D.C. honoring Eisenhower.


Factor

A factor can be:


Ball

A ball is a round object (usually spherical, but can sometimes be ovoid) with several uses. 

Ball is used metaphorically sometimes to denote something spherical or spheroid, e.g., armadillos and human beings curl up into a ball, making a fist into a ball.

Ferrocement

Ferrocement is both a method and a material used in building or sculpting with cement, sand, water and wire or mesh material. It is often called the thin shell. Thin shell ferrocement offers strength and economy and can be used in many ways including: building homes, creating sculptures, or building boats and ships. 



Camera lens

A camera lens is the part of a camera that directs light to the film or, in a digital camera, to a computer chip that can sense the light. Many cheap lenses are plastic but better ones are made from glass. The lens makes an image by focusing the light.

The majority of cameras only have one lens that users cannot change or take out. This is called a "fixed lens" design. More expensive cameras usually have lenses that come off, so anyone can take out one lens and put in another. A lens may be simple, or may actually be made of several lenses.

Photographers can use different lenses (objectives) to make different kinds of pictures. For example, a telephoto lens can take a picture of something far away. A wide-angle lens is the opposite. A zoom lens is more versatile; it can do both. There are many kinds of lenses.

The study of lenses and how they work is called optics.

Lenses for large sheet film cameras are especially difficult to design. Cameras and their lenses have been made since the 19th century. Some from before World War II, are still usable today. Computers now let engineers make better lenses, though, because they can calculate the way that light goes through the lens and find the best design for each task. Together with lenses, filters, macro lenses, teleconverters, wide-angle and tele attachments are used.

Boy

A boy is a young male human, either a child or teenager. Little boys still have the body of a child. It is not until they reach puberty (adolescence) that their bodies start to mature and they become a man.
The word “boy” was used a long time ago in Anglo-Saxon English. The opposite of a boy is a girl.

The way boys are brought up will vary a lot between different cultures. Boys are supposed to be tougher than girls. It is their job to do work that is physically hard, including fighting in the army when they are grown up. However, people’s attitudes are changing and nowadays many girls like to do the same things as boys. In Western cultures boys traditionally wear trousers (pants) while girls wear dresses or skirts. However, many girls also wear trousers these days, like boys, especially when dressed informally. Boys often have shorter hair than girls, although this can vary a lot according to quickly changing fashions.

Traditionally boys like rough games (such as soccer or rugby) and enjoy playing with mechanical things such as toy cars and trains. People today have long discussions about whether this is because they are born like that, or because that is the way society expects them to behave.

The traditional color for a boy is blue. For girls, it is pink. When a baby is born in a hospital it usually gets a blue or pink tag on its wrist or ankle, according to whether it is a boy or a girl.

Some names are boys’ names, others are girls’ names. There are some names that can be for boys and girls (although they may be spelled differently, e.g. “Lesley” for a boy and “Leslie” for a girl).

In some countries such as Britain an “old boy” means a grown-up who used to be a pupil at a particular school (e.g. “He is an old boy of Cransbury High School”). The expression can also be used in a very informal, friendly way, e.g. “Nice to see you, old boy!”.


Company clerk

Responsible for performing clerical and administrative duties in an office setting. Assists executive assistants and secretaries by sorting mail, filing, answering phones, greeting clients, scheduling meetings, and restocking supplies.

Paul McCartney

Sir James Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) is an English singer, songwriter and composer. He is internationally known as a singer and bassist of the Beatles. With singer and guitarist John Lennon, he contributed music and lyrics to a lot of the band's songs.

Paul was born at Walton Centre for Neurology and Neurosurgery (Past is Walton Hospital) in Walton, Liverpool, England. His parents are Jim and Mary McCartney, he has a brother, Michael McCartney and a stepsister, Ruth. He was born James Paul McCartney, but goes by his middle name. His mother died of Breast Cancer in 1956.

Paul first met John Lennon in 1957, after Paul saw John's band, The Quarrymen, playing a live performance. Paul auditioned for the band and joined instantly. A year later, Paul asked the band to have George Harrison audition, at first, they did not want George because he was 15 years old and was considered "too young". However, Paul convinced them to have George in the band. In 1960, the Quarrymen would change their name a lot, having names such as "Johnny and the Moondogs" and "The Silver Beetles".

In 1962, The Beatles signed to Parlophone Records. They were found and managed by Brian Epstein from 1962, until Brian's death from an overdose of drugs in 1967. 

Their first song released was Love Me Do. One year later, their first album, Please Please Me was made.

McCartney began writing songs before he was sixteen, and has written well over two hundred. His most famous song is "Yesterday", recorded by the Beatles in 1965. Since then around 2000 artists have recorded the song and currently holds the world record for the song that has been covered the most times. 

Other songs written by McCartney for The Beatles include "Can't Buy Me Love", "Hey Jude", "Penny Lane", "Eleanor Rigby" and "Let It Be". 

Often, Beatles songs would have "Lennon/McCartney" written on the record, and it would look like that they had written it together. In fact, most Lennon/McCartney songs were written by only one of them, or with one adding only small parts to the other's work. Each counted on the other to help make their songs better, so they agreed to share the credit equally.

After appearing on the television program, The Ed Sullivan Show, in the United States, The Beatles would gain great success. This would be known as Beatlemania. 

The Beatles most well known albums are Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, The Beatles (known by fans as the "White Album"), and Abbey Road. The Beatles disbanded in 1970. 

In the 1990s, the then-three living members, Paul, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr, would record a song called "Free as a Bird", originally made as an unfinished demo by John Lennon in the late 1970s, shortly before he died. They would finish the lyrics and record and release it. It was produced by musician Jeff Lynne, instead of the Beatles producer George Martin, who was hard of hearing due to old age.

Since the Beatles had stopped working together in 1971, McCartney started a new band called Wings with his wife Linda. Wings also had many hit records, including "Band On The Run" and "Mull Of Kintyre". McCartney wrote "Live and Let Die", which became the theme song to a James Bond film with the same title. Wings disbanded in 1981.

McCartney had other hit songs, and also wrote and starred in the movie, "Give My Regards to Broad Street", with Linda. The theme song from the movie, "No More Lonely Nights", was also a hit, but the movie did poorly, and McCartney's popularity suffered. He had to work hard to prove his talent was still strong. He co-wrote new songs with Elvis Costello, and began touring more often than he had in years.

Along with popular music, McCartney also began composing classical music, including an oratorio about Liverpool. 

McCartney was knighted for his contributions to music and to British culture, and for his charity work. 

He bought John Lennon's former school, Quarry Bank, which he then turned into a performing arts school.

In 1990, the minor planet 4148 was named "McCartney" in his honour. 

In 2010, he was honoured by President Barack Obama with the Gershwin Prize for his contributions to popular music. He returned to the White House later that year as a recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors. 

In 2012, he became the last Beatle to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Later McCartney recorded a single called "Ebony and Ivory" with Stevie Wonder.

Paul recorded the songs "The Girl is Mine" and "Say, Say, Say" with Michael Jackson. 

A song with Jackson called "The Man" was released on McCartney's fifth solo album "Pipes of Peace". He and Jackson became friends, but this ended after Jackson outbid McCartney for ownership of the publishing company which owned most of the Beatles's music.

McCartney married Linda Eastman, a photographer, in 1969. She had a daughter, Heather, whom he adopted. McCartney and Linda had three more children together, named Mary, Stella and James. Stella became a popular fashion designer after she grew up.

Linda died in 1998 of breast cancer (McCartney's mother also died from the same disease in 1956). He married model Heather Mills in 2002; the couple's child Beatrice was born in 2003. McCartney and Mills separated in 2006, and, after a long battle over a settlement, McCartney and Mills divorced in March 2008.

McCartney married New Yorker Nancy Shevell, 51, in a civil ceremony at Old Marylebone Town Hall, London, on 9 October 2011. The couple had been dating since November 2007.

There was an urban legend that said that McCartney died in a car crash in 1966 and was replaced by a look-alike called Billy Shears.

Solo
<templatestyles src="Col-float/styles.css" />

Afrikaner people

Afrikaners are white South Africans who speak Afrikaans as mother tongue and follow the Afrikaans culture. Most of them have Dutch, German, French Huguenot, ancestors. Also known as Boere, Voortrekkers and Burgers, although under slightly different contexts. In South Africa there are about 3 million white people with Afrikaans as mother tongue, that can be assumed to be Afrikaners if they chose to follow the Afrikaans culture.

John Lennon

John Winston Ono Lennon (born John Winston Lennon; 9 October 1940 – 8 December 1980) was an English singer and songwriter. He became famous as a singer and guitarist of the English rock band The Beatles. After the Beatles stopped making records in 1970, he lived in the United States with his wife Yoko Ono. He continued his music career up until his murder.

John Winston Lennon was born on 9 October 1940 at Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool. He was the son of Alfred Lennon and Julia Lennon. 
He started the Beatles in his hometown of Liverpool, with Paul McCartney and George Harrison. After Ringo Starr joined the band, they started to be very successful. People were excited by their music, and their live performances always pleased audiences. Manager Brian Epstein and record producer George Martin helped the Beatles become the most popular act in entertainment.

Lennon played the guitar, and later learned to play the piano. Most of the songs the Beatles recorded were written by Lennon and McCartney. Their songs were always credited as by "Lennon/McCartney" on Beatles records, but in fact they usually wrote their songs on their own. The two men often helped to make each other's songs better, so they liked to share writing credit. Famous songs written by Lennon for the Beatles are "A Hard Day's Night", "Help!", "Strawberry Fields Forever", "A Day In The Life" and many others. 

The Beatles grew apart as the members got older. Lennon divorced his first wife, Cynthia Powell, and married Yoko Ono, while McCartney married Linda Eastman. Each wife had different ideas, and encouraged their husbands to depend less on each other. Later, some fans blamed Yoko and Linda for breaking the Beatles up.

Lennon loved his wife so much that he added her surname Ono to his own name, since she became Yoko Ono Lennon when she married him. He had never liked his middle name Winston (given him by his mother after Winston Churchill) and wanted to change it, but was told he could not under British law. He could add a new name though, so he did that. He never used the name Winston again, unless he had to for legal reasons (such as when he travelled to America). Otherwise he gave his "full name" as John Ono Lennon.

Lennon recorded several albums and singles after the Beatles disbanded. The best-known one was "Imagine". He made many records with Yoko Ono. On some records they called themselves the Plastic Ono Band. Lennon and Ono worked with different musician friends, including Ringo Starr, Jim Keltner, Klaus Voormann, Harry Nilsson, Eric Clapton and Elton John. Lennon's solo music was different from his Beatles songs. He spoke more directly about his own feelings, and sometimes used harsh language or loud sounds. This upset a few fans, who wished for more Beatles music from him.

Lennon and Ono moved to the United States in 1971, and settled in New York City. Ono had a daughter, Kyoko Chan Cox, from an earlier husband, Anthony Cox, a filmmaker, who took her and disappeared. It was easier to look for Kyoko, and get the law's help to look, if they stayed in America. Ono and Lennon were also hurt emotionally by the way Ono was treated by many people in England. Some insulted Ono, and asked Lennon why he was with her. On the other hand, most of the people they met in America accepted them together.

Lennon and Ono were also campaigners for peace in the world. They used Lennon's famous name to talk to the media (television, radio and newspapers) about their beliefs. Lennon and Ono were sometimes in trouble with people like politicians, who did not like the things they said. President Richard Nixon's administration even tried to deport Lennon, because of his political views. 

The two things Lennon and Ono wanted most were to live permanently in the United States, and to have a child together. Their lives were stressful in the early 1970s for several reasons. There were the problems with immigrating to the United States, and with the search for Kyoko. The public were also sometimes negative toward Ono, her music, and her ideas. The couple had several miscarriages, caused partly by the stress.

Lennon also had business problems, because leaving the Beatles was not as simple as quitting an ordinary job. The Beatles had signed many contracts. They promised to do things in a certain way, meet deadlines, and work together, to be paid as musicians and songwriters. Many business deals had to be finished or changed, and new deals had to be made, to continue their music careers apart. This took time, and meant making many hard decisions. The four former Beatles could not always agree on what to do with the things they owned together. It took years to work out what to still own in common, what to divide up, and what to let go. The choices they had to make sometimes hurt their friendship.

Lennon and Ono separated for over a year, from late 1973 until early 1975, because of the stress in their lives, and their relationship. Each of them dated another person (Lennon pairing off with May Pang, his and Ono's personal assistant, and Ono with guitarist David Spinozza), and they were nearly divorced. They spoke nearly every day by telephone, however, and tried to work things out. They decided that they wanted to be together more than anyone else could want them apart, and they reunited.

When Richard Nixon faced the Watergate crisis in 1974, it became more important than pushing Lennon out of the country. The deportation case against him was dropped. Lennon won the right to stay in America in 1975. Lennon and Ono also finally had a son, Sean Lennon, that October. Father and son shared the same birthday.

Lennon and Ono stopped making music for five years, to be able to spend more time together, and give Sean as much attention as he needed. They lived on Lennon's income from the music he already made. Ono became Lennon's business manager, and invested his money in real estate and organic farming. Her office was downstairs in the Dakota, the apartment building where they lived, so they were never far apart. Lennon became a full-time father to Sean, and he was proud to call himself a "househusband". They also visited Ono's family in Japan several times, and made other trips.

In 1980 Lennon and Ono began to write new music, as Sean got old enough to begin school. They recorded a new album titled "Double Fantasy" that year. A single from the album, "(Just Like) Starting Over", was a hit, and people welcomed Lennon back. Even people who had not liked Ono earlier now respected her, and more of them began to like her music. Lennon and Ono planned to start fresh, do a world tour, and record more albums.

On 8 December 1980, Lennon was fatally shot as he was going into his home by a man named Mark David Chapman who was mentally ill. Even though he was ill, Chapman was still prosecuted for murdering Lennon. Chapman pled guilty to the murder the next year, and is still in prison today. He admitted later he was jealous of Lennon's fame and success, while his own life disappointed him. Chapman thought that killing Lennon would give his own life more meaning. He is always refused for parole, and is infamous (hated by many people).

Fans all over the world mourned Lennon's death. It made them feel that a special part of their lives was gone. Many met in New York's Central Park, near where Lennon and Ono lived, to say their goodbyes. Some played recordings of Lennon's music. Politicians and celebrities everywhere were sorry Lennon had died, even if they disliked him, because his music meant so much to so many people. Radio stations in the Soviet Union, where rock music was rarely allowed to be played, gave an hour over to Beatles recordings.

There was no funeral for Lennon, but Yoko Ono asked people everywhere to observe ten minutes of silence and prayer for him on Sunday, December 14, 1980, at 2:00 PM. At two o'clock, the music playing in Central Park stopped, and people all over the world fell silent for ten minutes. Other tributes came later, including songs by George Harrison ("All Those Years Ago"), Paul McCartney ("Here Today"), Elton John ("Empty Garden (Hey Hey Johnny)") and Queen ("Life Is Real (Song for Lennon)").

Lennon's music (with and after his Beatles years) is still played everywhere, and people are still touched by it. A series of radio programs were devoted to playing demoes of his songs. Young musicians play Lennon's records, and learn his music. Yoko Ono released an album of acoustic versions of many Lennon songs, to help musicians understand them better.

There is now a garden in Central Park in Lennon's memory called "Strawberry Fields" after one of Lennon's most popular songs, which in turn was named after a Salvation Army orphanage near his childhood home. On October 9, 1990, on what would have been Lennon's fiftieth birthday, "Imagine" was simulcast on radio and television stations all over the world, uniting people everywhere to remember Lennon and his music.

BRIT Awards:




Invention

An invention is a new thing that someone has made. The computer was an invention when it was first made. We say when it was "invented". New things that are made or created are called inventions. Cars and plastics are inventions that everyone knows. Inventions are made by inventors. Many inventions are patented.

Ideas are also called inventions. Writers can invent characters, and then invent a story about them.

Over time, humans have invented objects which make life easier for themselves. Because of this, a quote "necessity is the mother of invention", was written. The quote means that a lack of something should inspire someone to create something to fill that empty space. However, not all people believe that this is true. They think that too much of something can lead to an invention.
Many inventions are just a variation of something that already exists.


Genocide

Genocide is the crime of trying to destroy an ethnic, racial, national or religious group. Genocides are done by killing and harming the group, preventing them from being able to live (like starving them), or by assimilating them, stopping them from having kids and destroying their identity. 

Genocide is usually done by governments and large armies or paramilitaries. Genocide is often motivated by hatred or fear of the group, and for political reasons.

The word genocide was made up by Raphael Lemkin, a Polish Jew, in 1944, from the words "genos" (Greek for family, tribe or race) and "-cide" (from the Latin "occidere", to kill). It was first used to the Nazi Holocaust, when many groups, including Jews and others, were killed.

Ustashe of Croatia are another example of genocidial horror. About a million of Serbs were killed during WWII in Ustashe death camps especially in Jasenovac. Another example of genocide was when about a million of the Tutsi group of people of Rwanda were killed along with Hutus who were against the genocide in 1994.

In 1933 Lemkin made a speech to the Legal Council of the League of Nations conference on international criminal law in Madrid, for which he prepared an essay on the "Crime of Barbarity" as a crime against international law. The purpose of the crime, which later evolved into the idea of genocide, was based mostly on the experience of Assyrians massacred in Iraq on 11 August 1933. The event in Iraq reminded him of earlier similar events of the Armenian Genocide during World War I.

Today, any genocide is prohibited by the Genocide Convention and actor or inciter of genocide is judged by the International Criminal Court.

Today most people see the following events as genocide. Note that the events listed are just examples.

Yoko Ono

Both of her parents came from wealthy families. Her father, who was a descendant of a former Emperor of Japan, had been a concert pianist before giving up music to become a banker. Ono was tutored privately, then sent to exclusive private schools, studying classical music and art, and also learning English. She visited the United States before World War II with her family. Her father was on a business trip to the U.S. when the war began, and was detained with many other Japanese in the country. He was not able to communicate with his family for many years. Ono's mother took her, her brother and sister away from Tokyo, and they stayed in a rural area.

After the war ended, the family was reunited, and moved to New York for her father's job. Ono enrolled in Sarah Lawrence College, but quit during her third year. She became interested in avant-garde art and music, and began writing poetry. Many of her poems were instructions, for creating pieces of art. She later published some of these in a book, titled "Grapefruit". Her parents were not happy that Ono chose to make her own way, rather than following her family's wishes for her life. When she married Toshi Ichiyanagi, a young pianist, her parents disowned her.

The marriage did not work out, and Ono rented a loft apartment of her own. She became friends with local artists in New York, including Andy Warhol and a group called Fluxus. She hosted small parties and "happenings" for her artist friends, and began to do artwork of her own. This brought her some notoriety in time, but not fame. She remarried, to Tony (Anthony) Cox, and they had a daughter, named Kyoko.

Ono went to London with Cox and Kyoko during 1966, to promote her career as an artist. John Lennon, who was a member of The Beatles, went to one of her art shows. He enjoyed the surreal (fantasy-like) quality of her work. Ono and Lennon became friends, and later lovers, as each lost interest in their spouses. Lennon wanted them to be together as much as possible. He broke a rule the Beatles had never to bring a wife or girlfriend to their recording sessions. He brought her along anytime he could. They were married in March 1969, after they were both divorced.

Many Beatles fans blamed Ono for "breaking up" the band through her influence on Lennon. He seemed to many people to have "gone crazy" since meeting her. Some suggest that Ono simply encouraged Lennon to do things he'd already wanted to do, but let himself be talked out of doing in the past – including quitting the Beatles. Ono and Lennon started a new, part-time group they called the Plastic Ono Band. They also tried to have a baby together. Ono miscarried several times, until their son Sean Lennon was born in 1975, on Lennon's 35th birthday. Ono was also able to reconcile with her family, during the 1970s.

Ono was Lennon's "muse", inspiring his music and his creative side, for the rest of his life. The two worked together on both his post-Beatles records, and Ono's wish to also have a music career. She was more interested in "experimental" music than in classical or popular music. Ono's songs and unique style sounded strange to most listeners. It was offensive to many people, who thought Lennon should have either stayed with the Beatles, or made more music in their style. Ono changed her style, and began to write and record more pop songs, but her music never became popular. Years later, some younger musicians (such as The B-52's) admitted they had liked Ono's music. They were inspired by it, as Lennon had been.

After Lennon's murder in 1980, Ono recorded several solo albums. The first was titled "Season of Glass". Her later records were praised by some music critics.

When Sean Lennon grew up, he also became a musician. He helped Ono to compile (collect and put in order) her old recordings, and make some new ones. She also revived some of her earlier artwork, and gave the money made from sales and exhibits to charities. Ono recently (2006) appeared at the opening of "Love", a Cirque du Soleil show featuring Beatles music, to help promote it.

Mainstream attention tends to have focused on Ono's relationship with Lennon and side-lined her work as an important artist in her own right. 

Her performance "Cut Piece" (1964) is one of the most influential feminist works from the 1960s. The audience are given scissors and invited to cut pieces off of Yoko Ono's clothes. It anticipated many later feminist artworks, including Marina Abramovic's performance work "Rhythm O" ten years later where Abramovic sat behind a table set with a range of 74 objects including scissors, a gun, a scalpel, a rose and a whip and invited the audience to use them as they wished. 

In 2015, her work was subject to a retrospective at the MoMa which explored her relationship with the art movement Fluxus. In 2024, there was another major retrospective exhibition at the Tate, "Yoko Ono: Music of the Mind". The exhibition explores key moments in Ono’s influential and multidisciplinary career, from the mid-1950s onwards. Artworks include "Cut Piece" (1964), where people were invited to cut off her clothing, to her banned "Film No.4 (Bottoms)" (1966-67) as well as "Wish Trees for London," where visitors can contribute personal wishes for peace. 

Coast

The coast is where land meets the sea. 

The coast also means the land next to the sea, which can also be called the shore, or sea-shore. However, coast is not used to describe where rivers or lakes meet the land - it is only used to describe the sea meeting the land. 

If a house is near to the coast we say it is "on the coast". When we talk about a long part of the coast we call it "the coast-line". 
Sometimes, 'coast' can be part of a place name or the description of a large area. For instance, the East Coast of the United States describes the all of the Eastern side of the United States that is next to the Atlantic Ocean. 

In some countries like England or Australia the people sometimes use the word sea-side for the coast.

Coasts often have many living things living there and provide habitat for many animals and plants.

An example of a coast in Great Britain is the Holderness Coast near Bridlington. This is one of Europe's fast eroding coasts.


George Harrison

George Harold Harrison (25 February 1943 – ) was an English musician. He is best known as the lead guitarist of the Beatles. After the group broke up in 1970, he had a solo career. He made many albums and worked with other musicians including Eric Clapton, Bob Dylan, Phil Spector, Roy Orbison, Tom Petty, and Ravi Shankar. He was also interested in Eastern mysticism and charitable causes.

Harrison was born on 25 February 1943, at 12 Arnold Grove in Wavertree, Liverpool, He was youngest of four children of Harold Hargreaves (or Hargrove) Harrison and Louise Harrison, He had one sister and two brothers.

George's best-known album was "All Things Must Pass," which he made just after the Beatles broke up. Harrison owned a mansion in England called Friar Park, where he lived from 1970 until he died. He built his own recording studio inside the mansion, which for a time was better than Abbey Road Studios, where the Beatles had made their records. Having a private studio meant Harrison could work on songs and recordings anytime he wanted.

Ravi Shankar came to Harrison during 1971 with news about a war in Bangladesh, where thousands of people had died and millions more were refugees and starving. Shankar asked for Harrison's help to give a benefit show to buy food for them. Harrison called on many of his musician friends, who put together a charity concert with famous people to help the refugees. The "Concert for Bangla Desh", a live recording, became a best-selling album, raised money for the refugees, and brought worldwide attention to the problems in their country. It also inspired later benefits, including Live Aid in the 1980s.

Harrison found a new musical partner in the 1980s, when Jeff Lynne of Electric Light Orchestra began to write and record songs with him. The two men worked well together and became close friends. Harrison and Lynne formed another band, the Traveling Wilburys, with fellow musicians Bob Dylan, Tom Petty, and Roy Orbison. The Traveling Wilburys recorded two albums, which became hits.

In 1966, Harrison married a model, Pattie Boyd, but they were divorced in 1971, and had no children. Boyd left Harrison to be with his friend, guitarist Eric Clapton, but all three were never friends. Harrison married again in 1978, to American-born Olivia Trinidad Arias, who had worked for his record company. Arias became the mother of Harrison's son Dhani, whose name is comprised of the names of two notes in the Indian music scale. Dhani grew up to be a musician like his father, fronting the band thenewno2. He went to Brown University in the United States.

In the late 1970s Harrison formed a movie production company, Handmade Films, which produced movies including Monty Python's "Life of Brian" and Terry Gilliam's "Time Bandits".

The grounds of Harrison's home, Friar Park, had been more or less open to the public, until the murder of his former bandmate John Lennon late in 1980. Harrison was very hurt and shocked by Lennon's death, and was afraid someone might try to harm him or his family. Afterwards, the gates were locked, and no-entry notices were posted. In December, 1999, an intruder broke into his home, stabbing him with a knife. Harrison and his wife Olivia stopped the intruder and called the police. Harrison recovered. The man who attacked him is schizophrenic and was acquitted of attempted murder by reason of insanity in November 2000 at Oxford Crown Court. He was sent to a mental hospital and released in 2002.

In the 1990s, decades of smoking cigarettes caused Harrison to develop throat cancer. He later developed lung cancer, which caused his death in 2001. His family issued a last statement from him: "Everything else can wait, but the search for God cannot wait, and love one another." Even music was not as important to Harrison as his wanting people to learn to get along with each other, and to make the world a better place.

A year after Harrison's death, Jeff Lynne, Dhani Harrison, the two remaining Beatles (Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr), and other musicians held the "Concert for George", which remembered Harrison's music, his life, and his gifts to humanity. All the profits from the concert were given to charity.



Note (disambiguation)

Note has several meanings.


Ravi Shankar

Ravi Shankar (7 April 1920 – 11 December 2012) was one of India's most famous musicians. Shankar was one of the first to bring aspects of traditional Indian music into Europe and United States|American culture in the 1960s. He was a major influence on George Harrison, who was a member of The Beatles. Shankar is famous for playing the sitar, an Indian stringed instrument. He performed until his death. In 2005 he played at The Proms. His daughters Norah Jones and Anoushka Shankar are also well-known musicians.

Sentence

A sentence is a group of words that are joined together to mean something. A sentence is the basic unit of language. It expresses a complete thought. It does this by following the grammatical basic rules of syntax. For example: "Ram is walking".

A complete sentence has at least a subject and a main verb to state (declare) a complete thought. Short example: "She walks". A subject is the noun (name) which is doing the main verb. The main verb is the activity that the subject is doing. 

In English and many other languages, the first word of a written sentence has a capital letter. At the end of the sentence there is a punctuation mark depending on whether it is a statement, a question, a command, a request or an exclamation.

A "phrase" or "clause" is part of a sentence.

This is an example of a sentence:
In this sentence, 'The dog' is the subject, and 'is' is the verb.

This is an example of a phrase:

There is no verb, so we do not know anything about what the happy dog is doing. Therefore, it is not a sentence.

A clause is a sentence within a sentence. Example:


Sentences have different purposes:

Here are some sentences written in Basic English:

The sky is blue.

Today is Monday.

Tomorrow is Tuesday.

The baby is smiling.

Sheila is reading a book.

This is the road to take.

Read a book about the history of America.

There are beautiful flowers growing in the garden.

The cushions are new and I feel the comfort they give me.

They are playing in the grounds.


TYpes of sentences worksheet

James Joyce

James Augustine Aloysius Joyce () (2 February 1882 – 13 January 1941) was an Irish writer and poet of the modernist movement. He was from Dublin, Ireland. He wore an eyepatch, because of eye damage. He could not see well.

His books are written in a special style. At first he wrote in a way which describes very accurately how life is, in the short story collection called "Dubliners". In his next book, called "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man", he started a new style. It is called stream of consciousness, which is writing all the thoughts that a character has. His work influenced many other writers in the 20th century.

Some books that Joyce wrote are:

James Joyce was the oldest of ten children. He went to a boarding school called Conglowes Wood College and later to Belvedere College. (College here refers to secondary school not to university as it can in the U.S.) Conglowes was run by Jesuit priests.

When he was very young, his family was rich. Later his father lost most of their money so he had to change schools and go to Belvedere College, which was cheaper.

Joyce met Nora Barnacle in 1904 and they began to have a long relationship until his death in 1941. The couple moved out of Dublin to Zürich in 1904, then to Trieste, Paris then back to Zürich. They married in 1931. They had a son and a daughter. Their daughter had a mental illness later in her life. Because he was smart, his parents wanted him to go to college. He studied modern languages at University College Dublin.

Joyce became a very famous writer after he published "Ulysses". He also began to have a lot of problems with his eyes and his family. But he completed his last book, "Finnegans Wake" by 1939. He died in Zurich.

Andes

The Andes are a mountain range along the western coast of South America.

They stretch over 7,000 km / 4,400 miles from the south of Argentina and Chile to the north of Colombia. They are also found in Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador.

The Amazon river system has its sources in the eastern flanks of the Andes.

The Andes are the longest exposed mountain range of the world, and the second-highest after the Himalayas. The Andes mountain range is the highest mountain range outside Asia.

Aconcagua, the highest peak, rises to 6,962 m (22,841 ft) above sea level. The top of Mount Chimborazo in the Ecuadorean Andes is the point on the Earth's surface most distant from its center. Mount Chimborazo is an inactive volcano in Ecuador, which last erupted over a thousand years ago.

The Andes has three sections:

The northern part has two parallel ranges. They are the "Cordillera Occidental" (western) and the "Cordillera Oriental" (eastern). The term "cordillera" comes from the Spanish word meaning 'rope'.

In Colombia, north to the border with Ecuador, the Andes split in three parallel ranges, western, central and eastern.

In the north the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta (Snowy Mountain Range of Saint Martha) is an isolated mountain range apart from the Andes chain that runs through Colombia. Reaching an altitude of 5,700 metres above sea level just 42 km from the Caribbean coast, the Sierra Nevada is the world's highest coastal range.
The western range of the eastern Cordillia Oriental is the only one which reaches Colombia .

The Andes range is about wide throughout its length, except in Bolivia where it is wide. The islands of the Dutch Caribbean Aruba, Bonaire, and Curaçao, which lie in the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Venezuela, represent the submerged tops of the northern edge of the Andes range.

The Andes are a Mesozoic–Tertiary orogenic belt of mountains along the Pacific Ring of Fire.

The Andes are the result of plate tectonics processes, caused by the subduction of oceanic crust beneath the South American continental plate. South America, like North America, has been moving west since the Cretaceous period. Thus the subduction of the Nazca Plate beneath the South American Plate formed the Andes. This was caused by the westward movement of South America.

The formation of the modern Andes began with the events of the Triassic and Jurassic when Pangea begun to break up and several rifts developed. It was during the Cretaceous period that the Andes began to take their present form, by the uplifting, faulting and folding of sedimentary and metamorphic rock of the ancient cratons to the east. The rise of the Andes has not been constant and different regions have had different degrees of tectonic stress, uplift, and weathering.

The climate in the Andes differs depending on which area, the altitude, and how close it is to the sea. The southern section is rainy and cool. The central Andes are dry. The northern Andes are normally rainy and warm, with an average temperature of in Colombia. The climate is known to change very much in rather short distances. Rainforests exist just miles away from the snow covered peak Cotopaxi. The mountains have a large effect on the temperatures of nearby areas. The snow line depends on the location. It is at between 4,500 and 4,800 m (14,800–15,800 ft) in the tropical Ecuadorian, Colombian, Venezuelan, and northern Peruvian Andes, going up to 4,800–5,200 m (15,800–17,060 ft) in the drier mountains of southern Peru south to northern Chile south to about 30°S, then going down to on Aconcagua at 32°S, at 40°S, at 50°S, and only in Tierra del Fuego at 55°S; from 50°S, many of the bigger glaciers go down to sea level.

The Andes of Chile and Argentina can be put in two climatic and glaciological zones; the Dry Andes and the Wet Andes.

Rainforests used to hold much of the northern Andes but are now reduced, especially in the Chocó and inter-Andean valleys of Colombia. Farming, deforestation, illegal crops, and population growth has done this. 

A direct opposite of the humid Andean slopes are the mostly dry Andean slopes in most of western Peru, Chile and Argentina. That area, and many Interandean Valles, normally have deciduous woodland, shrub and xeric (dry) vegetation, up to the mostly lifeless Atacama Desert.

About 30,000 species of vascular plants live in the Andes. About half of those are endemic to the region: it is a hotspot. The small tree "Cinchona pubescens" is a source of quinine used to treat malaria. It is found widely in the Andes as far south as Bolivia. Other important crops that came from the Andes are tobacco and potatoes. 

The high-altitude "Polylepis" forests and woodlands are found in the Andes of Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia and Chile. These trees are called Queñua, Yagual and other names. They grow at altitudes of above sea level. It is still unclear if the patchy distribution of these forests and woodlands is natural, or the result of clearing which began during the Incan time. Regardless, in modern times the clearance has had a faster pace, and the trees are now endangered. Some think as little as 10% of the original woodland is still here.

The Andes has a lot of wildlife. With almost 1,000 species, of which about 2/3 are endemic to the region, the Andes is the most important region in the world for amphibians.
Animal diversity in the Andes is high, with almost 600 species of mammals (13% endemic), more than 1,700 species of birds (1/3 endemic), more than 600 species of reptiles (45% endemic), and almost 400 species of fish (1/3 endemic).

The Vicuña and Guanaco can be found living in the Altiplano, while the closely related domesticated Llama and Alpaca are commonly kept by locals as pack animals and for their meat and wool. The nocturnal chinchillas, two threatened members of the rodent order, live in the Andes' alpine regions. The Andean Condor, the largest bird of its kind in the Western Hemisphere, lives throughout much of the Andes but mostly in very low numbers. Other animals found in the mostly open habitats of the high Andes are the huemul, cougar, and foxes in the genus "Pseudalopex". And for birds, some species of tinamous (they are members of the genus "Nothoprocta"), are the Andean Goose, Giant Coot, flamingos (mainly associated with hypersaline lakes), Lesser Rhea, Andean Flicker, Diademed Sandpiper-plover, miners, sierra-finches and diuca-finches.


Meal

A meal is a serving of food eaten by human beings. Meals usually include several different types of food, such as grains, vegetables, fruit, and in some cases, meat. Meals have different names by time they are taken or by the type of food that is eaten.

In North America and in Europe, people usually eat three meals a day. The morning meal is called breakfast. It usually includes foods made from grain (cereal, porridge, or bread), fruit (apple, banana, or an orange), and milk products (milk, yogurt, or cottage cheese). Many people drink coffee or tea with their breakfast.

Around noon, people eat their lunch. People who are working at jobs are given a break to eat their lunch. The lunch meal includes foods such as a sandwich, soup, vegetables, fruit, and milk. In some countries, such as Italy, people serve an alcoholic drink with lunch. In England, some people have a glass of beer with their lunch.

In the evening, people eat their supper or dinner. Dinners are different in different countries. Usually dinners include a "main course" such as roast beef, a grain (such as rice or pasta), a vegetable (such as carrots or cauliflower) and a dessert (called a "sweet" or "pudding" in England).

In some cases, a starter or appetizer is served before the dinner. Appetizers are a small serving of food such as olives, cheese, or bread. In many countries, people serve an alcoholic drink with dinner, such as wine or beer.


Leipzig

Leipzig (Upper Saxon: "Leibzsch" or "Leibz'sch") is the biggest city in the state of Saxony (eastern Germany). When Germany was divided into East and West Germany, Leipzig was one of the three biggest industrial cities in the East Germany.

Leipzig occupies and is still an industrial city. 510,651 people are living in Leipzig as of 29 February 2008.

Its Latin name is "Lipsia" and the German name "Leipzig" came from this name. Leipzig has a long history. Its name was first recorded as Leipzig Castle (Leipziger Burg) in 1015, and the official founding of the city occurred later in 1165. It was an economic center of , famous with its market (Leipziger Messe).

In 1409, was started. Theology was its major faculty. In 1519, Martin Luther had a discussion in Leipzig against . Reformation came to Leipzig in 1539 and the city people became Lutheran.

It is famous for , where Johann Sebastian Bach worked as music director (Kantor) from 1723 until his death in 1750.

In 1813 near Leipzig, the Battle of Leipzig was fought between the French army led by Napoleon Bonaparte and the allied armies of Austria, Prussia and Russia.

In 1839, the railway between Dresden and Leipzig was opened. It was the first long distance railroad in Germany.

As a result of industrialization, the number of people living in Leipzig grew during the 19th century. Before World War II, there were about 750,000 people in Leipzig.

After the war, Leipzig belonged to the part of Germany occupied by the Soviet Union, and later to East Germany.

In 1989, the took place in Leipzig. Every monday after a Christian mass in the the Leipzig people demonstrate for freedom to travel and democracy. These demonstrations became bigger and bigger and reached their peak on 23 October when 320,000 people came. The demonstrations are one of the things that lead to the end of communist dictatorship in East Germany.

Today, Leipzig is still known as a city of fairs, media and university, but is less important than it was before World War II.

Before World War II, Leipzig was a famous center of commerce (Leipzig exhibition) and industry. Now, there are big companies in Leipzig like Porsche, BMW, Siemens and DHL, as well as the .

With almost 511,000 people, Leipzig city proper is the 12th biggest city in Germany and the 2nd biggest in what was East Germany (DDR), smaller than East Berlin and bigger than Dresden. Leipzig urban has 567,000 people. The total population of Leipzig metropolitan area is 1,389,000.

Leipzig, Chemnitz, Dresden, Halle, and Zwickau form an area called the , which has about 3,500,000 people.

Leipzig has a university where famous people studied (e.g. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Edvard Grieg, Erich Kästner, Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, Gotthold Ephraim Lessing, Angela Merkel, Friedrich Nietzsche, Robert Schumann and Richard Wagner.) The (Central Station) is the biggest terminal station in Europe. It sees about 150,000 passengers each day. It is 293 meters wide.


1351

1351 was a common year.


Evil

Evil means something which is morally bad or wicked. It is the opposite of good. People may say that an action which hurts people or breaks certain rules such as the Ten Commandments is evil. A person or a group that does evil things may also be called evil.

A version of the Problem of evil, perhaps by Epicurus, goes as follows:

Another argument goes:

Arguments such as these are about the "logical" problem of evil. They attempt to show that the assumed propositions lead to a logical contradiction and so cannot all be correct.

A common response is that God can exist with and allow evil in order to achieve a greater good. Some philosophers accept that arguments such as "God allows evil in order to achieve the greater good of free will" are logically possible and thus solve the logical problem of evil. Since the aim is only to defeat the assertion that God and evil are "logically incompatible", even a highly implausible instance of God's coexistence with evil is sufficient for the purpose.

In theology, there is a question: "If there is a God, why does God let evil happen?" Some think that evil proves that there is not a God. Others think that God lets evil happen so that people can choose "not" to do evil.

Philosophies of science have approached the problem from the angle of empiricism. For logical positivism the issue with God is the lack of any independent method of verification. In their view, this makes the proposition "God exists", not true or false, but meaningless. A similar position points to the lack of any way the proposition might be falsified.

The study of good and evil in philosophy is called ethics. Ethics tries to explain why some actions are good and other actions are evil. It attempts to give all kinds of answers for how to tell evil from good. Christians believe that at the Second Coming of Christ, God will put an end to evil and the works of the Devil- see the end of the Book of Revelation. In movies or TV series evil people are often called villains. Political actions are sometimes viewed as evil such as authoritarianism, ableism, corruption or censorship. People disagree on why people do evil things. Religious people may think that it is the result of listening to an evil being such as the devil or sin. Others think it happens because of mental issues like anger, mental illness or revenge. Certain types of behavior are also often seen as universally evil, such as killing, lying or stealing. Sex crimes such as rape, hebephilia or pedophilia are also often seen as evil in basically every culture or society. 


1872

1872 was a leap year in the 19th century.





Poznań

Poznań (German name: "Posen") is the biggest city and capital of Greater Poland Voivodeship in Poland, one of the oldest and the biggest cities in Poland. Its population is about 560,000 and its area is 262 square kilometers.
Poznań was one of the 4 Polish cities where the UEFA European Football Championship matches were played in 2012. Poland co-hosted the championship together with Ukraine.

Cartoonist

A cartoonist is a person who draws cartoons. Cartoons can be pictures on a printed page (also called comics or comic strips) or moving pictures on film (also called animation). Both kinds of cartoons can be found on the internet. Examples of some famous cartoonists are:



Jim Henson

James Maury Henson (September 24, 1936 – May 16, 1990) was an American animator, artist and puppeteer. He was best known for his work with the Muppets, which he helped to create.

Henson's best known puppet is Kermit the Frog. As a puppeteer, Henson performed in various television programs, such as "Sesame Street" and "The Muppet Show", movies such as "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper". He also made puppets for projects like "Fraggle Rock", "The Dark Crystal", and "Labyrinth". He died of Organ Failure in New York

The Jim Henson Company and the Jim Henson Foundation continued after his death, making new series and specials. Jim Henson's Creature Shop, founded by Henson, also continues to build creatures for a large number of other movies and series (e.g. the science-fiction production "Farscape", the movie adaptation of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", and the movie "MirrorMask") and is said to be one of the most advanced and well respected creators of movie creatures.

His son Brian and daughter Lisa are the co-chairs and co-CEOs of the company. His daughter Cheryl is the president of the foundation. Steve Whitmire, a veteran member of the Muppet puppeteering crew, plays the roles of Kermit the Frog and Ernie, the most famous characters formerly played by Jim Henson.

One of Henson's last projects is a show attraction in Walt Disney World and Disneyland. It is called Muppet*Vision 3D. It opened in 1991, shortly after his death.


Game Boy Advance Video

Game Boy Advance Video is a format of cartridges for the Game Boy Advance. They work the same as normal cartridge but play television shows instead of games. They generally contain 45 minutes of TV, for example, a show from Nickelodeon or Cartoon Network. They were first made in early 2004, but gradually stopped being made shortly before there were no more Game Boy Advance games made in 2008, with the final game for it being Samurai Deeper KYO.


Butterfly

A butterfly is a (usually) day-flying insect of the order Lepidoptera. They are grouped together in the suborder Rhopalocera. Butterflies are closely related to moths, from which they evolved about 56 million years ago. The earliest discovered fossil moth was 200 million years ago.

The life of butterflies is closely connected to flowering plants. Their larvae (caterpillars) feed on plants, and their adults feed on flowers. They lay their eggs on the plants their caterpillars feed on. Butterflies have a long history of co-evolution with flowering plants. Many of the details of plant anatomy are related to their pollinators, and vice versa. The other notable features of butterflies are their extraordinary range of colours and patterns, and their wings. These are discussed below.

Angiosperms (flowering plants) evolved in the Lower Cretaceous, but did not become common until the Upper Cretaceous. Butterflies were the last major group of insects to appear on the planet. They evolved from moths in the latest Cretaceous or the earliest Cainozoic. The earliest known butterfly fossils date to the mid Eocene epoch, between 40 and 50 million years ago.

Like moths, butterflies have four wings covered with tiny scales. The front and back wings are usually zipped together, so that the insect looks as if it has only two wings. When a butterfly is not flying, its wings are usually folded over its back. The wings are patterned and are often brightly coloured. There are many different kinds of butterflies. The males and females of each kind are often slightly different from each other. Butterfly watching is a popular hobby. Some people also keep collections of dead butterflies that they have caught, but they find out that the colour fades.

Like all insects with complete metamorphosis, a butterfly's life goes through four distinct stages. It begins as an egg, which hatches into a larva (a caterpillar). After some time, the larva turns into a chrysalis. While it is in the chrysalis stage, it changes to become an adult butterfly. These changes are only beginning to be understood. To complete the cycle, adults mate and the females lay eggs. 

Butterflies are any of the species belonging to the superfamilies Papilionoidea and Hedyloidea. Butterflies, along with the moths and the skippers, make up the insect order Lepidoptera. Butterflies are nearly worldwide in their distribution.

The main predators of butterflies are birds, just as the main predators of the crepuscular moths are bats. Also monkeys and tree-dwelling reptiles are predators, and some insects and spiders. All reptiles have good colour vision, so that butterfly coloration works just as well on them as it does on birds.

The extraordinary colours and patterns on the wings and body can only be understood in terms of their function. Some of the most obvious functions of colour are:

The details vary from group to group, and from species to species. The caterpillars also have colours with similar functions. The poisonous substances which make some butterflies noxious to eat are got from the plants eaten by their caterpillars.

Like most insects, butterflies have three main body parts. These parts are the head, the thorax, and the abdomen. The body is protected by the exoskeleton. The body is made up of sections, known as segments. In between the segments there are flexible areas that allow the butterfly to move. All three parts of the body are covered in very small scales. The scales give the butterfly its colour.

Butterflies have a very characteristic flying style. They usually do not fly in straight lines. Their style is well described by the children's version of their name: 'flutter-by'. The way they fly presumably makes them harder for birds to catch. 

Some species are capable of strong, long flights (see monarch butterfly migration) and others never leave the woods they were born in. They can survive bird pecks on the wings. Late in the season damage to their wings can often be seen, though they continue flying quite well.

When they are alive, it is often difficult to see they have four wings. The wings on each side are linked by a row of little hooks. So in practice they fly as if they had one large wing on each side.

The head is the first part of the body. It has the eyes, mouth parts, and antennae.

The eyes of a butterfly are large. Like other adult insects, the eye is made up of many small lenses or "optical units". These are compound eyes. Butterflies do not see as many colours as humans, but they can see ultraviolet light.

The mouth of an adult butterfly does not have jaws. It has a kind of mouth that sucks liquids. This mouth is made of two hollow tubes. The tubes are locked together in the middle. When the butterfly is not drinking, the tubes are coiled up. It can uncoil them when it wants to drink. Like all insects, the adult phase is about reproduction. The main eating phase is done by the larvae, which usually eat plant food.

The antennae of a butterfly are used for smell and balance. The antenna in most butterflies is clubbed at the end. In some butterflies (like the skippers), there is a hook at the end of the antenna, instead of a club.

The thorax is the second part of the body. It is made up of three segments. The legs and wings are connected to the thorax.

The legs of a butterfly are made for walking, holding onto things, and tasting. There are three pairs of legs. There are four main parts of the leg. They are the trochanter, the femur, the tibia, and the foot. At the end of each foot, there is a pair of claws. Butterflies in the family Nymphalidae have very short front legs. They keep there front legs close to their bodies. This makes it look like they only have two pairs of legs. In some species, there is a movable body part on the tibia that is used to clean the antennae.

A butterfly has two pairs of wings. Each wing has hollow tubes called veins. The colors and patterns of butterflies are made by tiny scales. The scales overlap each other. They are connected to the wing. If a butterfly is handled, the tiny scales may rub off.

The abdomen is the third part of the body. It is made up of ten segments. The abdomen is much softer than the head and the thorax. At the end of the abdomen are the reproductive organs. In the male, there is a pair of claspers. They are used to hold on to the female during mating. In the female, there is a tube to lay eggs (the ovipositor).

Butterflies go through complete metamorphosis. This means that there are four parts in a butterfly's life. The first part is the egg. The second part is the caterpillar (sometimes called the larva). The third part is the chrysalis (sometimes called the pupa). The fourth part is the adult (sometimes called the imago).

A female butterfly will lay her eggs on or near the food plant of the caterpillar (the food plant is the plant that the caterpillar feeds on). The female will choose a place to lay her eggs using smell, taste, touch, and sight. Most species will lay just one egg on the food plant. Others will lay groups of five to over 100 eggs on the food plant. Most species will lay their eggs on the leaves of the food plant. Others will lay them on the flowers, stems, bark, or fruit of the food plant.

The eggs come in many different shapes and colours. They may be round or oval, and flattened. In some species, the egg shell is ribbed. The most common colours in butterfly eggs are yellow and green. The eggs will turn dark just before hatching. Also, some butterflies take a day to come out of eggs, while others could take months.

Butterfly caterpillars can vary in size, colour, and shape. They may have spines, bristles, or soft body extensions. All caterpillars have 13 body segments. The first three segments make up the thorax. The thorax has three pairs of legs. These legs are called true legs. The other 10 segments make up the abdomen. The abdomen has five pairs of soft legs called prolegs. The prolegs have tiny hooks at the end of each of the foot. They are used to hold on to things. The hooks are called crochets.

A caterpillar's skin does not grow. As the caterpillar grows inside its skin, the skin becomes too tight. In order for the caterpillar to grow bigger, it sheds its too-tight skin. After the old skin is shed, there is a new, larger skin. This is known as moulting. A caterpillar will moult four to five times before turning into a pupa. Each stage between moults is called an "instar".

All caterpillars can make silk. The silk is made from the salivary glands. Silk starts out as a liquid in the salivary glands. The caterpillar draws out the silk into a small thread. The silk hardens as soon as it is exposed to the air. Caterpillars use silk to make nests or cocoons.

Most caterpillars feed on leaves of plants or trees. Most species of caterpillars will feed only on a small number of certain kinds of plants. If the caterpillar's food plant is not found, it may starve to death.

Some species of caterpillars (in the family Lycaenidae) are tended by ants. The caterpillars have special glands that make a sweet liquid called honeydew. The ants like the honeydew. In return for the honeydew, the ants protect the caterpillars from predators. The caterpillars also have special body parts that make sounds. The caterpillar will make sounds with the body parts and "call" the ants when the caterpillar is being attacked by predators. The ants hear the sounds and come to protect the caterpillar.

Caterpillars in the subfamily Miletinae eat insects in the order Hemiptera. This includes aphids, mealybugs, leafhoppers and treehoppers.

Caterpillars in the family Papilionidae have a special organ. This organ is called an osmeterium. It is a bad-smelling gland that is shaped like a snake's tongue. It is kept behind the inside of the head. When a predator tries to eat the caterpillar, the caterpillar releases the osmeterium. This usually scares the predators away.

The pupa (plural, pupae) is formed after the last moult. The caterpillar will find a special place to pupate (pupate means to turn into a pupa). The digestive tract is emptied. The caterpillar sheds its skin. The pupa is now exposed. The caterpillar's tissues are broken down and rebuilt into the butterfly's tissues.

The pupa cannot move. It is attached to an object by tiny hooks on the end of the abdomen. These hooks make up what is called the cremaster. There are many tiny holes on the pupa. They allow respiratory gases to move in and out of the pupa.

Many pupae are easy for predators to attack. Some caterpillars (in the family Hesperiidae and the subfamilies Parnassiinae and Satyrinae) make shelters out of silk and leaves to protect themselves when they become pupae. These shelters are called cocoons. Most butterfly pupae do not have cocoons to protect themselves. Instead, the pupae have brown or green colours to camouflage themselves among leaves and branches. Pupae that do not have cocoons are called chrysalids or chrysalises.

Some butterflies may be in trouble because of habitat loss. Because of the destruction of forests and grasslands, some types of butterflies have nowhere to feed and lay eggs. To help, some people plant a butterfly garden with flowers having lots of nectar for butterflies to feed on. Some people also keep plants that butterflies lay eggs on, and enjoy watching the caterpillars hatch out and feed on the plant. Chemical sprays that are used to keep pests away from garden plants, also kill butterflies.

The earliest Lepidoptera fossils date to the Triassic-Jurassic boundary, about 200million years ago. Butterflies evolved from moths. The oldest known butterfly is "Protocoeliades kristenseni" from the Palaeocene of Denmark, about 55million years ago. It belongs to the family Hesperiidae (skippers). Molecular clock estimates suggest that butterflies originated sometime in the mid-Cretaceous, but only significantly diversified during the Cenozoic. Genetic data suggest they originated in North-America 102.5–100.0million years ago from a nocturnal moth ancestor that fed on legumes. Only about 17million years ago did they colonize Europe. The oldest American butterfly is from the later Eocene from the Florissant Formation fossil beds, about 34million years old.



Nazism

Nazism (or National Socialism; ) is a set of political beliefs associated with the Nazi Party of Germany. It started in the 1920s, but the Nazi Party gained power in 1933 and started carrying out their ideas in Germany, which they called the Third Reich. They stayed in power in Germany until 1945, when they lost World War II.

Nazism is an far-right, fascist, ideology that is heavily inspired from the works of Oswald Spengler. The Nazis believed that only the Aryan (German) race was capable of building nations and other races, notably the Jewish race, were agents of the corruptive forces of capitalism and Marxism, both of which the Nazis opposed. They considered the Aryan race the 'Master race', which meant that they thought that the Aryans were the most biologically evolved of humans. They adapted Charles Darwin's theory of evolution and applied it to humans, the practical application of this was called eugenics. 

The leader of the Nazis Adolf Hitler wanted to a create a country where all Aryans were treated equally. They spent heavily on poorer people and began several huge government programs to help Germany deal with the unemployment and economic crisis caused by the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and the Great Depression which followed it. Some Nazis, such as Ernst Röhm, wanted the reforms to go further and called for a revolution, eliminating economic classes in Germany and for the government to take control of major businesses. Many of these Nazis were murdered on Hitler's orders during the Night of the Long Knives because they were a threat to his leadership of the Nazi Party.
In a September 18, year 1939 editorial, "The New York Times" reacted to the signing of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact by declaring that "Hitlerism is brown communism, Stalinism is red fascism" The editorial further opined:
The world will now understand that the only real 'ideological' issue is one between democracy, liberty and peace on the one hand and despotism, terror and war on the other.
The Nazis blamed the Jewish people for Germany's defeat in World War I. This is known as the Stab in the Back Myth. The Nazis also blamed the Jewish people for rapid inflation and practically every other economic woe facing Germany at the time as a result of their defeat in World War I. For this reason, the Nazis not only viewed the Jewish people as inferior to them, but as oppressors of the Aryan people who were creating inequality. The Nazis' tactic of lazily albeit effectively blaming the Jewish people for all of Germany's problems is a propaganda tactic known as scapegoating and was used to justify the great atrocities committed by the Nazis against the Jewish people.

To implement the racist ideas, the Nuremberg Race Laws (created in 1935) banned non-Aryans and political opponents of the Nazis from the civil-service. They also forbid any sexual contact between 'Aryan' and 'non-Aryan' persons.

The Nazis sent millions of Jews, Roma, and other people to concentration camps and death camps, where they were killed. These killings are now called the Holocaust.

The word "Nazi" is short for "Nationalsozialist" (supporter of the "Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei") in the German language. This means "National Socialist German Workers' Party".

Adolf Hitler, the leader of Nazi Germany, wrote a book called "Mein Kampf" ("My Struggle"). The book said that all of Germany's problems happened because Jews were making plans to hurt the country. He also said that Jewish and communist politicians planned the Armistice of 1918 that ended World War I, and allowed Germany to agree to pay huge amounts of money and goods (reparations).

In November 1923, the Nazis tried to overthrow the democratic German government that had been set up after WWI. Nazi thinking emphasises conflict and violence, and believes that these are the best way to sort out political problems. The Nazis had therefore set up their own private army, called the Sturmabteilung (SA) which were sometimes known as the 'Nazi stormtroopers' or simply the 'brownshirts'. Many political parties had their own private armies at this time in Germany to guard their events and meetings from the private armies of other political parties. The attempt to take power is referred to as the Munich Putsch or Beer Hall Putsch and was crushed after less than 24 hours.

After the Putsch, Hitler was imprisoned for six months and the Nazi Party briefly banned. It was allowed to exist again in if it promised to only be democratic. The Nazis agreed, but made it clear that if they took power in Germany, they would turn Germany into a dictatorship. The Nazis believed in something called the Führer Principle, which means that they believe that all groups should be organised like armies, with absolute loyalty shown to the leader of the group. They wanted to apply this principle to Germany. They disagreed with democracy, because they believed that it divided groups which made them weaker.

The Nazis performed very badly in elections until the early 1930s, where they became exceptionally popular. This can be partly explained by a massive increase in poverty in Germany caused by the Wall Street Crash of 1929, and Nazi promises to rebuild German strength and pride. However, this is not the only reason for the Nazis coming to power, because it still took more than three years for Adolf Hitler to become Chancellor of Germany after the Crash.

On the night of the 27 February 1933 and 28 February 1933, someone set the Reichstag building on fire. This was the building where the German Parliament held their meetings. The Nazis blamed the communists. Opponents of the Nazis said that the Nazis themselves had done it to come to power. On the very same day, an emergency law called "Reichstagsbrandverordnung" was passed. The government claimed it was to protect the state from people trying to hurt the country. With this law, most of the civil rights of the Weimar Republic did not count any longer. The Nazis used this against the other political parties. Members of the communist and social-democratic parties were put into prison or killed.

The Nazis became the biggest party in the parliament. By 1934, they managed to make all other parties illegal. Democracy was replaced with a dictatorship. Adolf Hitler became leader ("Führer") of Germany, and had the power to make any laws he wanted.
The Nazis changed Germany to fit their ideas of what a country should be like. They created a totalitarian state, which is a country where the government tries to have total control over ordinary people's lives.

In schools, several subjects were changed to fit a Nazi interpretation. History was taught to emphasise German military victories and blames Jewish people and Marxists for defeat in WWI. Children were also taught racial hygiene lessons, where pseudo-scientific racist principles taught to them. In 1936, all German children had to be members of the Hitler Youth which was a Nazi version of the Scouting movement, and was designed to prepare them to be soldiers in wars against other races.

People who opposed the Nazis were seen as traitors. The Nazis created a very effective police state, led by Heinrich Himmler and his deputy Reinhard Heydrich. They were in charge of an organisation called the Schutzstaffel (SS) that took control of all of the police forces in Germany. The SS also set up a new secret police organisation called the Gestapo which hunted down people who wanted to protest against the Nazi government. Enemies of the Nazis were regularly tortured, put in concentration camps or executed.

As the German leader (Führer) of Nazi Germany, Hitler began moving Nazi armies into neighboring countries. When Germany attacked Poland, World War II started. Western countries like France, Belgium, and the Netherlands were occupied and to be treated by Germany as colonies. However, in Eastern countries, such as Poland and the Soviet Union, the Nazis planned to kill or enslave the Slavic peoples, so that German settlers could take their land.

The Nazis made alliances with other European countries, such as Finland and Italy. Every other European country that allied with Germany did it because they did not want to be taken over by Germany. Through these alliances and invasions, the Nazis managed to control much of Europe.

In the Holocaust, millions of Jews, as well as Roma people (also called "Gypsies"), people with disabilities, homosexuals, political opponents, and many other people were sent to concentration camps and death camps in Poland and Germany. The Nazis killed millions of these people at the concentration camps with poison gas. The Nazis also killed millions of people in these groups by forcing them to do slave labor without giving them much food or clothing. In total, 17 million people died, 6 million of them being Jews.

In 1945, the Soviet Union took over Berlin after defeating the German army in Russia. The Soviet Red Army met the American and British armies, who had fought right across Germany after invading Nazi Europe from Normandy in France on June 6,1944. The Nazis lost because the Allies had many more soldiers and more money than them.

During the invasion of Berlin, Hitler shot himself in a bunker with his new wife, Eva Braun. Other Nazis also killed themselves, including Joseph Goebbels just one day after Hitler named him as his successor. The Nazis surrendered after the Red Army captured Berlin.

After the war, the Allied governments, namely the United States, Britain, and the Soviet Union, held trials of the Nazi leaders. These trials were held in Nuremberg, Germany. For this reason, these trials were called "the Nuremberg Trials." The Allied leaders accused the Nazi leaders of war crimes and crimes against humanity, including murdering millions of people (in the Holocaust), of starting wars, of conspiracy, and belonging to illegal organizations like the SS (called, ""Schutzstaffel"", in German). Most Nazi leaders were found guilty by the court, and they were sent to jail or sentenced to death and executed.

There has not been a "Nazi" state since 1945, but there are still people who believe in those ideas. These people are often called "neo"-Nazis. Here are some examples of modern Nazi ideas:

After the war, laws were made in Germany and other countries, especially countries in Europe, that make it illegal to say the Holocaust never happened. Sometimes they also ban questioning the number of people affected by it, which is saying that not so many people were killed as most people think "who wrote this?" There has been some controversy over whether this affects people's free speech. Certain countries, such as Germany, Austria, and France, also banned the use of Nazi symbols. It is also banned to make a Nazi pledge position on a popular media source to stop Nazis from using them.


Pork

Pork is meat that comes from pigs. It is the most commonly consumed meat in the world Evidence of pig husbandry dates back to 5000 BC.

A simple meal to make which contains pork is afelia. Sausages, bacon and ham are the most common uses of pork in the United Kingdom, the United States, and other parts of the Western world. Pork is forbidden by the food taboos of kosher and halal.

Mike Farrell

Mike Farrell (born February 6, 1939) is an American actor, writer and producer. He played BJ Hunnicutt on the television series "M*A*S*H". He played Michael "Mike" Hawks in the television movie "Battered" in 1978. He played Chicago real estate developer Lee Miglin in the limited crime series "".

Farrell was born in St. Paul, Minnesota. He was raised in Hollywood, California. He was part of the United States Marine Corps. Farrell was married to Judy Hayden from 1963 until they divorced in 1983. Then, he married Shelley Fabares in 1984. He has two children with Hayden.

Farrell is also an activist for various causes, including animal rights and world peace. He was Vice President of the Screen Actors Guild.

David Ogden Stiers

David Allen Ogden Stiers (October 31, 1942 – March 3, 2018) was an American actor, comedian, conductor, director, musician, singer and voice artist. He was most famous for his role as Charles Emerson Winchester III in "M*A*S*H". He also provided the voices in several Disney animated movies. This included playing Cogsworth in "Beauty and the Beast", John Radcliffe in "Pocahontas", and Jumba Jookiba in the "Lilo & Stitch" franchise.

He also played the voice of Escher in the "Myst V" (End of Ages) video game.

Stiers was born in Peoria, Illinois on October 31, 1942. He attended Urbana High School at the same time as Roger Ebert. He went to Eugene, Oregon, where he graduated from North Eugene High School and attended the University of Oregon.

Stiers was openly gay. He was a Democrat.

On March 3, 2018, Stiers died at his home in Newport, Oregon of bladder cancer-related complications at the age of 75.


Beauty and the Beast

Beauty and the Beast is a French folk story. It tells the story of a merchant who is lost in the woods. He finds the palace of a beast who wants to kill him, and makes a deal with the beast, to have his daughter in exchange. The daughter goes to live in the Beast's castle; the two fall in love; and the beast turns into a prince.

The story has been published and revised in many versions, most notably Madame Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve's 1740 retelling and its revision in 1756 by Madame Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont.

It was the inspiration for many other stories, as well as a 1980s TV series starring Linda Hamilton and Ron Pearlman. Several movies have been based on it, most famously Jean Cocteau's 1946 version and the 1991 animated version by Disney, which was nominated for the Best Picture Academy Award and inspired a long-running Broadway musical.


Wayne Rogers

William Wayne McMillan Rogers III (April 7, 1933 – December 31, 2015) was an American television and movie actor. He played the role of "Trapper" John McIntrye on the TV series "M*A*S*H". (The role was played by Elliott Gould in the 1970 movie version and Pernell Roberts on the 1979-1986 TV show, "Trapper John MD"). He left the show in 1975 and was replaced by Mike Farrell as BJ Hunnicutt. He graduated from Princeton University with a degree in history and served in the Navy before becoming an actor. 

Since retiring from acting, Rogers works as an investor and appears on many financial news shows.

Rogers died from complications of pneumonia in Los Angeles, California on December 31, 2015 at the age of 82.

McLean Stevenson

McLean Stevenson (November 14, 1929 – February 15, 1996) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Henry Blake on the TV show, "M*A*S*H". He left the show in 1975 and his character was killed off.

Stevenson was born in Normal, Illinois.

His grandfather Adlai E. Stevenson was Vice-president of the United States to Grover Cleveland, and his second cousin, once removed Adlai Stevenson II was Governor of Illinois and unsuccessfully ran for President twice in the 1950s losing to Dwight D. Eisenhower both times.

Stevenson, while recovering from bladder cancer, died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, aged 68. Ironically, Roger Bowen, who played Henry Blake in the 1970 movie version of "M*A*S*H", died the day after Stevenson did.

Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve

Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve (15 April 1793 – 23 November 1864 (Julian calendar: 11 November)) was a German-born Russian astronomer. He was born in Altona (now an area of Hamburg), Germany, but later lived in Russia. He was an expert on double stars and one of the first astronomers to measure stellar parallax (closely related to the work by Friedrich Bessel).

While director of Dorpat Observatory (1817–39) he wrote "Stellarum Duplicum et Multiplicum" (1837), which proved that double stars are not exceptional and that star systems are governed by the laws of gravity. Struve added a lot to the study of galactic structure and also engaged in notable geodetic operations such as the triangulation of Livonia and the measurement of an arc of the meridian. In 1839 he became director of the new Pulkovo Observatory and was one of the first three astronomers who almost simultaneously obtained an approximate stellar parallax. (One of the others being Bessel)

In 1822 he published the first of many double-star catalogues, the identifying numbers of which are still used today. Struve's stars, however, are now often named in his honor (for example, Struve 2398), whereas the original catalogue prefix was the Greek letter sigma. In 1833 he moved to Russia to set up the Pulkovo Observatory near St. Petersburg, of which he was director until his retirement in 1862, when his son took over in the post. In total, Friedrich Struve produced 272 astronomical works and 18 children; his great-grandson Otto, by contrast, produced 907 works but zero children.

His son, Otto Wilhelm von Struve (1819–1905) succeeded him as director (1862–89) of the Pulkovo Observatory.


Mario Party (series)

Mario Party is a series of video games made by Nintendo. The idea of each game is that Mario and his friends must travel across a game board and earn stars and coins. Each new game in the series contains new characters, playing boards, and mini-games. Every few turns, each character must participate in a mini-game. The winner generally gets 10 coins.


Helsinki

Helsinki () is the capital city of Finland. Helsinki is the largest city in Finland. 604,380 (31.12.2012) people live in Helsinki, and 1,360,000 live in the Helsinki metropolitan area.

Helsinki is in the south of Finland, on the coast of the Gulf of Finland. The city is in the Uusimaa region. When one looks from Helsinki, Tallinn is on the opposite side of the sea, but it is too far away to see. A poetic name for Helsinki is "the daughter of the Baltic Sea".

In 1550, Swedish king Gustav Vasa commanded people to build a new city and move there. His idea was to build a new place to trade, which would be more popular than Tallinn. The idea did not work well, and many people returned from Helsinki to their homes. Later Sweden built the fortress Suomenlinna in Helsinki. After Russia had taken Finland from Sweden in several wars, they started developing Helsinki. Helsinki became the capital of autonomous province of Finland. When Finland became independent in 1917, Helsinki stayed as the capital city.

Helsinki spreads around several bays and over several islands. Some famous islands include Seurasaari, Lauttasaari and Korkeasaari - which is also the country's biggest zoo - as well as the fortress island of Suomenlinna (Sveaborg).

The metropolitan area of Greater Helsinki also includes two of Finland's biggest cities, Espoo to the west of Helsinki, and Vantaa to the north. These two cities, along with Helsinki itself and the small town of Kauniainen (which is in fact surrounded by Espoo), make up the Capital Region ("Pääkaupunkiseutu" in Finnish or "Huvudstadsregionen" in Swedish). There are other towns nearby that are part of Greater Helsinki, including Järvenpää, Kerava, Tuusula, Nurmijärvi, Sipoo, Kirkkonummi, Mäntsälä and Vihti. They have become popular places for Helsinki commuters to live.

The public transportation network in Helsinki and its area consists of

Helsinki Airport is located in Vantaa about 20 kilometers north of Helsinki city center. The airport offers both domestic flights within Finland and international flights to Europe, Asia and North America.

Helsinki offers several boat services to Tallinn and Stockholm every day, along with ferries to places including the island of Suomenlinna.


Jehovah's Witnesses

Jehovah's Witnesses is a religious group with more than eight million members around the world. They believe that God, who they call Jehovah, will end crime, violence, sickness and death by destroying all badness in the world. They say God's kingdom will restore God's original purpose for the earth: bringing about peace for all humans who live by Bible standards.

In the 1870s, a preacher named Charles Taze Russell started a Bible study group in Pennsylvania in 1876, which became known as the Bible Students. They started a religious magazine called "The Watchtower". After Russell died, Joseph Franklin Rutherford took over, and the Bible Students who stayed with him became known as Jehovah's Witnesses in 1931.

Some of their beliefs, especially about who God is and what his plans are for humans and the earth, are different from what is taught in most Christian churches. Jehovah's Witnesses believe that only 144,000 people will go to heaven and that all the other people who obey God will live forever in paradise on earth. They do not believe that God is a Trinity. They believe Jesus died on a single pole rather than a cross. They do not use images or symbols such as the cross. They teach that when people die, they remain in the grave until God resurrects them when God's kingdom rules over earth.

Jehovah's Witnesses are best known for preachingfrom door-to-door and in other public places, and offering their magazines, "The Watchtower" and "Awake!" They are also well known for refusing to join armies and refusing blood transfusions.

In 1870 a young clothing shop owner named Charles Taze Russell heard an Adventist preacher speak. The preacher said the Bible contained clues that showed God was about to set up a kingdom over earth. He said the kingdom, which is mentioned in the New Testament of the Bible, would be based in heaven, and it would completely change the way of life for everyone in the world. Russell studied that preacher's teachings and looked through the Bible, and he ended up with some new beliefs.

Using various Bible verses and events from history, Russell decided that God would soon call a group of "saints" to heaven to be kings there. Other faithful Christians who had since died would also make up a total of 144,000 kings in heaven. Churches at the time taught that humans were still waiting for Jesus to return to earth in his Second Coming, but Russell believed that Jesus returned in 1874. Russell believed that God would start Armageddon in 1914, starting with a complete breakdown of law and order on earth, when governments and people would fight among themselves. He believed that God would then end sickness and death and allow obedient Christians to live forever in perfect health.

Russell believed it was very important that all Christians, including those who were attending churches, should learn those "truths". He believed these "truths" had been hidden in the Bible for thousands of years. He started a publishing company called the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. He wrote several books, set up Bible study classes for people to study his teachings, and started a magazine, "Zion's Watch Tower and Herald of Christ's Presence", which taught that Christ was already present.

By the time Russell died in 1916, he had written 50,000 pages, with almost 20 million copies of his books printed and distributed around the world. Joseph Franklin Rutherford, one of his followers, took Russell's position as president of the Watch Tower Society.

Rutherford wrote many books as well. He made some changes to Russell's teachings and required all the study groups, or congregations, around the world to agree to the teachings and rules set by the Watch Tower Society in New York. He told members not to celebrate holidays, and they should not sing at religious meetings. He also told them to preach from door to door about God's kingdom and to sell Watch Tower Society publications so more people would hear the message. Many members did not agree with Rutherford's strict changes, and some started their own groups. In 1931 Rutherford called his group "Jehovah's Witnesses" to tell it apart from the other groups. By the time Rutherford died in 1942, the religion had a worldwide membership of 115,000.

Some of the new teachings resulted in suffering for many Jehovah's Witnesses. Thousands were sent to prison, beaten or killed in countries during World War II because they refused to fight. In Germany, many were sent to concentration camps because they would not support the Nazi Party. Later, in the United States, many of their children were expelled from schools because they refused to salute the flag. Some countries still have laws against members practicing the religion. By 1977 they had more than two million members around the world.

From 1966, the religion suggested that God could bring Armageddon in 1975, and that the kingdom would be set up very soon after. Some Witnesses sold their businesses and homes, gave up their jobs, delayed medical operations and decided against starting a family because they expected Armageddon to arrive. Many members who thought Armageddon would come in 1975 left, but many other people joined and the group kept growing.

Like Jews, Muslims, as well as other Christians, Jehovah's Witnesses believe there is an all-powerful, all-knowing God who created everything. They also have some beliefs that are different from most Christians. They call God "Jehovah" (a translation of the Hebrew letters "YHWH") and they believe it is important to use that name. They believe Jesus is God's son, the first angel, and that he is also called Michael the Archangel. They say the holy spirit is God's power rather than a person. They do not believe in the Trinity. They believe the Bible is a book that God used humans to write and that it is completely true and the best guide for how people should live.

Jehovah's Witnesses believe that God made Adam and Eve, the first humans, and put them in a garden called Eden. They believe that when Adam and Eve sinned, they no longer had God's approval so they began to get sick and die. They were not perfect anymore and could not have perfect children. They believe that Jehovah later sent Jesus to die on a pole (not a cross, as most Christians believe) to forgive people's sins.

Jehovah's Witnesses believe that only 144,000 people, a number found in Revelation chapters 7 and 14, will go to heaven to be kings and priests with Jesus. They say God will start a worldwide war called Armageddon, and the people who do not obey God or worship him the way he expects will be killed. The people who he approves will survive and be given the chance to live forever. Then God will begin to turn earth into a paradise without crime, sickness, pain, aging, wars or death. They say God will also bring back billions of people who died in the past so they can learn about God and possibly live in paradise as well.

Jehovah's Witnesses believe that only their religion really obeys God's instructions and that God does not approve of any other religions. They believe that Satan the Devil is the real leader of all other religions and makes them think they worship God the right way. So they believe that only Jehovah's Witnesses will be saved at Armageddon, but they say God will make the final choice.

Jehovah's Witnesses are best known for their door-to-door preaching. They believe Jesus ordered them at Matthew 28:19 to "go make disciples of all the nations", warning people that the day of God's judgement, or Armageddon, will happen soon. Jehovah's Witnesses believe their preaching is a fulfillment of a prophecy at Matthew 24:14, "And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come." All Witnesses are told to spend as much time as they can in public preaching work, usually offering "The Watchtower" and other Watch Tower Society publications. Since the Internet, Jehovah's Witnesses also preach online. They teach people their beliefs about Jehovah and his plans for the earth. Members are told to give a monthly written report on how much time they have spent publicly preaching.

The buildings where Jehovah's Witnesses meet to worship are called Kingdom Halls. Unlike many other churches, these halls do not have altars, statues, or symbols such as the cross. Each congregation has two meetings each week, which are open to the public: 

Members who cannot go can listen to the meeting over the phone or by video streaming where available. They also attend one large convention and two smaller assemblies each year (some of them at hired sports arenas), where hundreds or thousands of members gather.

At their meetings, they consider what the Watch Tower Society says about the Bible and how to apply its teachings in life. At some meetings, people in the audience are invited to answer questions and make comments. The religion has elders who "take the lead" and ministerial servants who have various duties. They do not dress differently to other members and they are not paid. Most elders support themselves with their own jobs outside the religion.

Members of the religion are expected to live up to high moral standards based on how they understand the Bible. They are told they should always be honest and obey the laws where they live (unless the law says not to follow their religion).

There are many things that are against the rules for Jehovah's Witnesses, including: 

Vaccines and most medical treatments or surgeries are allowed as a personal decision.

Jehovah's Witnesses are told to marry only other baptized Jehovah's Witnesses. They believe God does not approve of divorce unless the husband or wife cheated. They can from a partner who hurt their family or refused to support them, but they would not be allowed to marry someone else while they are still legally married. They believe that when a spouse dies, the living widow or widower is allowed to remarry if they want to. Jehovah's Witnesses are not meant to make close friends with non-Witnesses because it could make it more difficult to follow their religion.

Jehovah's Witnesses are strict about who can be a member. They only count people as members if they are baptized (or getting ready to be baptized) and they preach each month.. Like other Christian groups, they believe baptism represents devotion to God and their promise to live by his teachings. Unlike some Christian groups, Witnesses are not baptized as babies. There is no set age required for baptism, but they believe baptism should be a choice made by someone who is willing and understands what it means. However, it is common for young children and teenagers to be baptized.

If the elders think a baptized Witness has broken the rules of the religion, they will speak to the person and other people who know about it. That investigation is called a "judicial committee". If the elders decide the person is guilty and does not show they are sorry, he or she might be "disfellowshipped". This means the person is no longer a member of the group. When that happens, other Jehovah's Witnesses are told not to talk to or interact with that person (except in some situations such as living or working together) unless the disfellowshipped person repents and is allowed back in. When such a person is allowed back in, they have been 'reinstated'. While disfellowshipped, the person is expected to attend their religious services if they want to return to the religion, but none of the other members will speak to them.

Members may also resign from the religion, which is called "disassociating". This can happen by writing a letter, or if the elders decide the person has taken an action that is not allowed such as having a blood transfusion. People who "disassociate" are treated the same as a person who is "disfellowshipped".

Some people, including former Witnesses, have criticized these punishments as harsh and unfair. The style of leadership of the group has also been described by some authors as autocratic and totalitarian, because members have to be completely submissive to the organization.


 Jehovah's Witnesses' brochures about the name Jehovah 

Wife

A wife is a married woman. "Married" means that the law says two people are legally "joined". During the marriage ceremony, the wife is called the bride.

In countries and times it has been different how many wives a man can have legally. In old times there were no limitations in some countries. In Christianity and Judaism a husband (a married man) can have one wife (monogamy). In Islam a husband can have up to four wives (polygamy).

There are some names for special kinds of wives. For example,
a queen is a wife of a king. 

A man whose wife is deceased is called a widower.


Catherine Parr

Catherine Parr (alternatively Katherine or Kateryn) (c. August 1512 – 5 September 1548) was Queen of England and of Ireland (1543–47). She was the last of the six wives of King Henry VIII. She married him on 12 July 1543, and outlived him by one year. She was also the most-married English queen, with four husbands. She was also the first woman to be queen of both England and Ireland.

Catherine had a close relationship with Henry's three children. She personally helped teach school for Elizabeth and Edward, both of whom became English monarchs. She helped get the Third Succession Act in 1543 passed. This placed Mary I and Elizabeth I, back into the line of succession to the British throne.

Henry died on 28 January 1547. Six months after Henry's death, she married her fourth and final husband, Thomas Seymour, 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley. 

Catherine gave birth to her only child — a daughter, Mary Seymour. She was named after Catherine's stepdaughter Mary – on 30 August 1548. She died only six days later, on 5 September 1548, at Sudeley Castle in Gloucestershire, from what was probably childbed fever (sepsis). This was common at that time, because births did not happen in clean conditions. 

Many years later, in 1782, the coffin of Queen Catherine was found in the ruins of the Sudeley Castle chapel. 


Queen (band)

Queen (not bebop either) are a British rock band formed in Baselstone in 1970. They are among the most commercially successful bands in history. They have sold over 300 million albums worldwide. The first members of the band were Freddie Mercury (lead vocals, piano), Brian May (lead guitar, vocals), Roger Taylor (drums, vocals), and John Deacon (bass guitar). Their current guest lead singer is Adam Lambert.

Freddie Mercury died of AIDS-related bronchopneumonia on November 24, 1991 at age 45. In 1997 John Deacon retired from music to spend more time with his family. The other two members toured with Paul Rodgers from 2005 to 2009. In December 2018 it was announced that Queen & Lambert would bring its Rhapsody Tour to The Forum in 2019. Three of Queen's biggest hits were"Bohemian Rhapsody”, "We Will Rock You", and "We Are the Champions".

With his friend Tim Staffell, Brian May started a band called 1984 in the mid-1960s. The band broke up after a short time, then May started another band, teaming up with two fellow college students, Tim Staffell and Roger Taylor. They called themselves Smile with Roger Taylor on drums and vocals, Tim Staffell on vocals and bass, and Brian May on guitar and vocals. They had a few hits such as "April Lady". Tim Staffell became friends with another college student, Farrokh "Freddie" Bulsara (to be later known as Freddie Mercury) and Freddie became a big fan of Smile and encouraged them a lot. Later on, Tim left Smile to join Humpy Bong, and Freddie subsequently joined the band on vocals and piano in 1970. Freddie came up with the name Queen, so they changed it from Smile to Queen. They then started auditions for a new bassist. They were going through several bassists during this time and none of them stuck. None of the auditioners managed to suit the place of the new bassist, but finally, in 1971, John Deacon joined the band. Queen's first album was released in 1973 and it was called "Queen" with songs such as "Seven Seas of Rhye" and "Liar". Freddie then changed his name to Freddie Mercury after the lyrics "Mother Mercury, look what they've done to me" in the song "My Fairy King".







Simon &amp; Garfunkel

Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel were an American folk and rock music duo. They were two childhood friends, who became famous in the 1960s. Their songs, including "Mrs. Robinson", "So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright", "The Sound of Silence", and "Bridge Over Troubled Water", all composed by Simon, are still popular to this day.

Their free concert in New York City's Central Park in 1981 was the biggest concert ever, with 500,000 people (about the same number as Woodstock).

The band broke up in 1970.


Madagascar

Madagascar is a large island nation in the Indian Ocean. It is off of the East coast of Africa and its capital is Antananarivo. Twenty-two million people live there. It is the world's fourth largest island. 

The official languages of Madagascar are Malagasy and French.

About two hundred million years ago, Madagascar was a part of a huge supercontinent called Pangaea. When this broke up, Madagascar was attached to what is now the Indian subcontinent. Madagascar broke away from India and moved closer to Africa. 

The long history of separation from other continents has allowed plants and animals on the island to evolve in relative isolation. Many of its animals came from Africa, because the island is closer to Africa than to India. Many of these endemic Malagasy animals have died out since the arrival of humans, particularly the megafauna.

Despite this, and massive deforestation, Madagascar is still home to an incredible array of wildlife. Most of the wildlife is unique.

Madagascar is home to many species that were not known to Europeans about until around 1679 when Dutch explorers went there. They do not exist elsewhere in Africa. They only exist in Madagascar. In fact, most of the mammals living in Madagascar do not live anywhere else in the world. 

Many species in Madagascar are in danger because much of the forest has been cut down. Forests are cut down so the land can grow crops such as coffee, which is an important export crop for Madagascar.

Agriculture is a big part of the economy in Madagascar, including the growing of coffee and vanilla. Madagascar sells more vanilla than any other country in the world. Madagascar also makes money from tourism.

In 2004 Madagascar was divided into 22 regions. It used to be divided into 6 provinces.

People have probably lived in Madagascar for at least 2000 years.

France took over the city of Antananarivo in 1895, and added Madagascar as a colony two years later. Madagascar became independent on 26 June, 1960.



Board game

A board game is a game usually played with pieces on a board, or some area with marked spaces. 

Most board games use pieces that may be moved, placed, or traded depending on the rules of the game. These pieces may be money, chips, pawns, or other objects. Board games may often involve some random chance with dice or cards. There are many board games with a long history in some cultures. Examples of these games are chess, checkers, backgammon, parqués, and go. There are also a great number of popular board games that have been created more recently, in the past hundred years. Among these games are Scrabble and Monopoly. 

Chess, and most versions of checkers, are played on a 8x8 square board with 32 white squares and 32 black squares. International checkers is played on a 10x10 square board.

Older than chess, but not by much, is tafl (pronounced 'tabl'), later called "hneftafl". This is an old Norse board game with just two types of pieces. Its pieces, when found in Britain, have often been wrongly ascribed to chess. In chess, of course, the board is different, and there are six kinds of pieces.


Aerosmith

Aerosmith is an American rock band, formed in 1970 in Boston, Massachusetts. They have released many popular songs, including "Walk This Way" and "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing". They have their own Guitar Hero video game called . Their lead singer is Steven Tyler.




Brighton

Brighton is a city on the south coast of England. It was called "Brighthelmstone". It is in the county of East Sussex. In 2000, it joined Hove to become the city of Brighton & Hove. Historically, Brighton forms the main part of the Brighton/Worthing/Littlehampton conurbation, with 474,485 inhabitants (2011 census). This is England's 12th largest conurbation, and the mostly densely populated area outside London.

From the 1730s, Brighton entered its second phase of development—one which brought a rapid improvement in its fortunes. The fad for bathing in seawater as a cure for illnesses was encouraged. From the 1760s it was a boarding point for boats travelling to France. Road transport to London was improved when the main road via Crawley was turnpiked in 1770. Spas and indoor baths were opened by physicians.

From 1780, development of Georgian terraced houses started. The fishing village developed to the fashionable resort of Brighton. Growth of the town was encouraged by the patronage of the Prince Regent (later King George IV) after his first visit in 1783. He spent much of his leisure time in the town, and had the Royal Pavilion built during the early part of his Regency.

The arrival of the London and Brighton Railway in 1841 brought Brighton within the reach of day-trippers from London. Some major attractions such as the West Pier and the Brighton Palace Pier were built for the growing number of tourists. The population grew from around 7,000 in 1801 to more than 120,000 by 1901.

In 1984, a Provisional Irish Republican Army bombing killed five people.

Modern-day Brighton is a centre for education, sports, and recreation. It has two universities: University of Sussex and the University of Brighton. It also has 54 other schools. 

In 2003, the universities of Sussex and Brighton formed a medical school, known as Brighton and Sussex Medical School. Brighton has a thriving LGBT community and every year in the first weekend in August Pride festivities are held.


Vincent van Gogh

Vincent Willem van Gogh (30 March 1853 – 29 July 1890) was a Dutch post-impressionist painter. His work had a great influence on modern art because of its striking colours and emotional power. He suffered from delusions and fits of mental illness. When he was 37, he died by committing suicide.

When he was a young man, Van Gogh worked for a company of art dealers. He traveled between The Hague, London and Paris. After that, he taught in England. He then wanted to become a pastor and spread the Gospel, and from 1879 he worked as a missionary in a mining place in Belgium. He began drawing the people there, and in 1885, he painted his first important work, "The Potato Eaters". He usually painted in dark colors at this time. In March 1886, he moved to Paris and found out about the French impressionists. Later, he moved to the south of France, and the colors in his art became brighter. His special style of art was developed and later fully grown during the time he stayed in Arles in 1888.

He was born Vincent Willem van Gogh on 30 March 1853 in Groot-Zundert, Netherlands. His father, Theodorus van Gogh, was a pastor. His mother, Anna Cornelia Carbentus, was an artist. Van Gogh was brought up in a religious and cultured family. He was very emotional and he did not have a great deal of self-confidence. He was also a replacement child. He was born a year after the death of his brother, also named Vincent. He even had the same birthday. Living at the church rectory Vincent walked past the grave of his dead brother every day. There has been speculation that van Gogh suffered later psychological trauma as a result, but this cannot be proved.

Between 1860 and 1880, when he finally decided to become an artist, van Gogh had two sad romances. He also had worked unsuccessfully in a bookstore, as an art salesman, and a preacher. He remained in Belgium, where he had preached, to study art. The works of his early Dutch period are sad, sharp, and one of the most famous pictures from here is "The Potato Eaters", painted in 1885. In that year, van Gogh went to Antwerp where he found the works of famous artists and bought a lot of Japanese prints.

In 1886 he went to Paris to join his brother Theo, who was the manager of Goupil's gallery. In Paris, van Gogh studied with Cormon. He also met Pissarro, Monet, and Gauguin. This helped the colors of his paintings lighten and be painted in short strokes from the paintbrush. His nervous temper made him a difficult companion and night-long discussions combined with painting all day made him very unhealthy. He decided to go south to Arles where he hoped his friends would join him and help found a school of art. Gauguin did join him, but it did not help. Near the end of 1888, Gauguin left Arles. Van Gogh followed him with an open razor, but was stopped by Gauguin. Instead, he cut his own ear lobe off. After that, van Gogh began to get fits of madness and was sent to the asylum in Saint-Remy for medical treatment. He painted over 1,000 portraits.
In May 1890, he regained his health and went to live in Auvers-sur-Oise. However, two months later on 27 July, he shot himself in the chest with a revolver. He died two days later, with Theo at his side. Theo reported his last words as ""La tristesse durera toujours"", which meant, "The sadness will last forever" in French.

During his brief career he had only sold one painting. After his death, Van Gogh's finest works were all sold in less than three years. His mother threw away a lot of his paintings during his life and even after his death. But she lived long enough to see him become a world famous painter. He was not well known when he was alive, and most people did not appreciate his art. But he became very famous after his death. Today, many people consider him to be one of the greatest painters in history and an important influence on modern art. Van Gogh did not begin painting until he was almost 30. Most of his famous works were done in his last two years. He made more than 2,000 artworks, with 900 paintings and 1,100 drawings and sketches. Today, many of his pieces portraits, landscapes and sunflowers are some of the most famous and costly works of art in the world. Probably the most famous being "The Starry Night" done in 1889, which he is most known for.


Rainbow

A rainbow is an arc of colour in the sky that can be seen when the sun shines through falling rain. The pattern of colours, called a spectrum, starts with red on the outside and changes through orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet on the inside. Sometimes a second, larger, dimmer rainbow is seen.

A rainbow is created when white light is bent (refracted) while entering a droplet of water, split into separate colours, and reflected back. A rainbow is actually round like a circle. On the ground, the bottom part is hidden, but in the sky, like from a flying airplane, it can be seen as a circle around the point opposite the Sun. 

Rainbows often appear after storms, and are popular symbols for peace in many cultures.

The rainbow effect can be seen when there are water drops in the air and the sun is giving light at the back of the observer at a low distance up or angle.
Rainbows always appear opposite the Sun: they form circles around the shadow of your head (which is the point opposite the Sun).

While sunlight is white, all white light is actually a blend of many different colours. Water and other materials bend the different colours at different angles, some more strongly than others. This is called dispersion. By splitting up white light into its separate colours, rainbows appear colourful even though the source of light hitting them is white.

The rainbow displays with the deepest effect in our minds take place when:
Another common place to see the rainbow effect is near waterfalls. Parts of rainbows can be seen some of the time:

An unnatural rainbow effect can also be made by spraying drops of water into the air on a sunny day.
"Main article: ROYGBIV"

The rainbow has no definite number of physical colours, but seven are traditionally listed. Below is a commonly used list of seven colors in the order seen in a rainbow. Computer screens cannot show them precisely but can make colors that look similar. (Each color shows the number codes used to tell a computer how to display the color.) 

<li style = "background-color: #755496;"> Violet-gray
(Hex: #755496) (RGB: 117, 84, 152)<li>

Central Intelligence Agency

The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is part of the US federal government and is located at the George Bush Center for Intelligence in Langley, Virginia. The agency was formed in 1947 after World War II. Many of the people who started the CIA had been in the Office of Strategic Services, the main American spy agency during the war. General John K. Singlaub was one of the people who created the CIA. 

The United States has a history in intelligence services dating back to its origins. During the American Revolution, George Washington and other Founding Fathers of the United States such as Benjamin Franklin, Robert Morris, and Patrick Henry used espionage networks. 

The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency has been William Joseph Burns since March 19th, 2021. 

The CIA is made up of four groups, which do different things. Its goal is to protect the US people. Many people feel that the CIA does more bad than good. Other people say that the CIA does good by finding out secret information about enemies of the United States. Others think those secrets should remain secret. American law makes it illegal for the CIA and other agencies to kill foreign leaders. 

In 1992, Saddam Hussein tried to kill US President George H. W. Bush, who used to be director of the CIA, during a visit to Kuwait. The assassination plot failed. In revenge, President Bill Clinton ordered cruise missiles to be fired at the building of the Iraqi equivalent to the CIA. That occurred at night and so only the cleaners were killed, not those who had planned the assassination.

CIA has many clandestine, or secret, operations. Some CIA employees have been killed during their work. Their names are on a CIA memorial with a star for them, but some of the names are still secret. The number of stars is deliberately inaccurate. 

The CIA also uses open sources to gather information. Analysts read foreign newspapers and watch foreign news broadcasts to learn information, which can be pieced together to make a conclusion.

The CIA used to report to the President. After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States, a reorganization made the CIA and other intelligence agencies report to a Director of National Intelligence.

The CIA has been featured in many television and film productions, including the American television show "The Agency," the American television mini-series "The Company," the film "Spy Game" that stars Robert Redford and Brad Pitt, "Night Flight to Moscow" that stars Yul Brenner, "Scorpio" that stars Burt Lancaster, "Clear and Present Danger" that stars Harrison Ford; "Ice Station Zebra," and several James Bond films that featured the CIA agent Felix Leiter.


1975

1975 (MCMLXXV) was .











Thomas Dolby

Thomas Dolby (born Thomas Morgan Robertson; 14 October 1958) is a British musican and computer designer. He is probably most famous for his 1982 hit, "She Blinded me with Science".

He married actress Kathleen Beller in 1988. The couple have three children together.


Seismic retrofit

Seismic retrofitting is the modification of buildings that already exist to make them resistant to earthquakes. Seismic retrofitting techniques can be applied to other kinds of natural disasters such as tornadoes and strong winds from thunderstorms.

Main levels of retrofitted building structure performance objectives may vary, namely:

Company (disambiguation)

The word company has several meanings:


Rio de Janeiro

Rio de Janeiro is the second largest city in Brazil. It is the capital of the state of Rio de Janeiro. Until April 21, 1960 it was the capital city of Brazil. According to the 2000 Census, the city had 5,473,909 people, and an area of over 1,000 km. In 2008 Eduardo Paes became Mayor. The city was started in 1565.
Copacabana Beach, Ipanema Beach, Sugar Loaf Mountain (in Portuguese, "Pão de Açúcar"), the statue of Christ the Redeemer (in Portuguese, "Cristo Redentor"), a harbor on Guanabara Bay, and Tom Jobim Airport are in Rio de Janeiro. It has much commerce and many industries, especially textiles, food, chemicals, and metallurgy. Most of these industries are in the northern and western suburbs of the city. Rio de Janeiro also has a small rural area, near the suburb of Campo Grande, where fruits and vegetables are grown.

Other cities near Rio de Janeiro, like Duque de Caxias, Nova Iguaçu, Queimados and São Gonçalo, that form the Metropolitan Region of Rio de Janeiro, also have a lot of industries and population.

The city is 420 kilometers (about 261 miles) away from São Paulo, the biggest city in South America. The cities of Rio and São Paulo are linked by the Presidente Dutra Highway (also known as "Via Dutra"). The region crossed by the Presidente Dutra Highway has been an important industrial zone since the 1950s.

In the city of Rio de Janeiro lies Tijuca National Park, created in 1961. This park contains some 33 km, between the northern and the southern parts of the city. The district (in Portuguese, "bairro") of Santa Tereza can be reached by taking an electric tram (in Portuguese, "bonde") from central Rio de Janeiro (near "Largo da Carioca" subway station), crossing over the "Arcos da Lapa", an aqueduct built during the colonial period to provide water to the city.

The city hosted the Summer Olympic Games in 2016.



Andrew Jackson

Andrew Jackson Jr. (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American politician who was the seventh president of the United States from 1829 to 1837. He was the first president to be a Democrat and is on the twenty dollar bill. His nickname was "Old Hickory". He forced many Native Americans to leave their homeland so white people could live there, and many died and contracted diseases. This was called the Trail of Tears. He was also the first president to ride in a train.

As a boy Andrew Jackson was a messenger for the Continental Army. The British caught him and mistreated him.

He was the first U.S. president who was not born into a rich family. He was not a rich man and did not have a college education. He moved to Tennessee and became a politician.

During the War of 1812, he became a general and won the Battle of New Orleans which made him very famous. He joined the war because of childhood trauma that he had endured during the Revolutionary War; both his mother and his brother died during the war, and Jackson blamed the British and wanted to avenge his late loved ones.

In 1791, he fell in love with Rachel Donelson Robards. They went through a marriage ceremony. However, the marriage was not legal because she had not been granted a divorce from her first husband. Therefore, they married legally three years later. They had no children, but they adopted several. He became rich and owned a large plantation.

In the 1790s Jackson was a member of the United States House of Representatives, the United States Senate, and the Supreme Court of Tennessee. In 1823 he returned to the Senate.

Andrew Jackson reorganized the Democratic Party and was its leader.

In 1828, he defeated John Quincy Adams in the Presidential Election of 1828, he became president on March 4, 1829, and four years later he was re-elected to a second term as president. In the Nullification Crisis of 1832-1833, South Carolina declared secession from the United States. Jackson threatened war, and then compromised.

In January 1835, Jackson was almost assassinated when an unemployed painter wanted to shoot him but both his guns jammed. He is the first president to have had an attempted assassination.

In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act which allowed the U.S. government to violently force the Native Americans to move from their land and go west. Many Native Americans were killed and the path they walked to get to the west was called the Trail of Tears.

Andrew Jackson was against the national bank of the United States because he felt that banks and their banknotes were for rich and powerful people and did not serve the interests of the common man. The national bank expired during Jackson's presidency. Jackson chose not to continue the bank.

On March 4, 1837, Andrew Jackson finished his second term. After that, vice-president Martin Van Buren was elected president and continued many of the things Jackson did. Jackson was a big influence on other Democrats during the 1800s. He died in Nashville Tennessee at age 78 due to heart failure.

Jackson's legacy among historians is mixed and heavily debated. Some have liked him because he was against aristocrats, bankers, businessmen, the British Empire, cities, and paper money, and in favor of ordinary country people. Some have disliked him for the same reasons and because he was in favor of war and against Indians.


Pillow

A pillow is a soft cushion that a person puts under their head when they are sleeping in a bed. 

A pillow is made from two pieces of cloth that are sewn together and stuffed with a soft material, such as feathers, duck down, or synthetic batting (man made soft stuffing). Pillows are usually rectangular. Pillows are covered with a fabric sheet called a pillowcase. The pillowcase protects the pillow from getting dirty.

The word "pillow" comes from Middle English "pilwe", from Old English "pyle" (akin to Old High German "pfuliwi") and from Latin "pulvinus". The word "pillow" was first known to be used before the 12th century.

There is no clear inventor of the pillow. Millions of years ago, animals learned to use pillows. An early example is monkeys resting their heads on their arm. Many animals, including birds, use wood and stone nests as pillows. Many domesticated animals have also learned to make use of human-made pillows and cushions. They also rest on members of their own and other species for the same reason.

In ancient Mesopotamia, people slept on stone pillows. Pillows were a status symbol. Early pillows were rectangular and had grooves shaped for the head. Pillows showed the wealth of a person — the more a person owned the wealthier they were.

Anicent Egyptians used pillows as a solution to back, neck and shoulder pain. They also prevented insects from crawling in their hair, mouth or nose at night. Anicent Egyptian pillows were made out of wood and stone and looked like stands. These pillows were mostly used for the deceased.

Whaler

A whaler is a person who hunts whales, or the boat they use.
They hunt whales for their oil, made from their fat, called "blubber", and the meat. Today, there is a treaty which bans the hunt of some whale species. Most countries signed the treaty. A few countries still hunt whales for research purposes. Among those countries are Norway, Iceland and Japan.


Crayon

A crayon (or wax pastel) is a stick of pigmented wax used for writing or drawing. Wax crayons differ from pastels, in which the pigment is mixed with a dry binder such as gum arabic, and from oil pastels, where the binder is a mixture of wax and oil.

Crayons are available in a range of prices, and are easy to work with. They are less messy than most paints and markers, blunt (removing the risk of sharp points present when using a pencil or pen), typically non-toxic, and available in a wide variety of colors. These characteristics make them particularly good instruments for teaching small children to draw in addition to being used widely by student and professional artists.

Self-defence

Self-defence means fighting off something or another person to protect yourself and maybe others. Ways of self-defence include martial arts or using a weapon. Sometimes, self-defense can cause serious harm to the other person. In most nations, you cannot be prosecuted for this harm. In the United States, an act of self-defence can only count as self-defence if the victim is in a situation that can cause them serious injury or death. In international law all persons have the right to self-defence.

The law of self-defence is the same when you protect others. Generally, you must have a good reason or belief that you needed to defend yourself in self-defence. However, in many places, if the court decides that the defence may have been too extreme, the person may face criminal and civil charges.


1153

1153 was a common year.


1913

1913 (MCMXIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar, and a common year starting on a Tuesday in the 13-day slower Julian calendar. It was the 913th year of the 2nd Millennium, 13th year of the 20th Century and the 4th year of the 1910s decade.












1469

1469 was a common year.




Dodgeball

Dodgeball is a sport played by throwing soft balls, or hard rubber balls, at people in a square court. The goal is to be the last one to be hit with the ball. Players may only throw balls at people who are not on their own team. If a player is hit by the ball,he or she should go to the outside of the court to the other team. From the outside, players throw the ball at players still on the inside.

Dodgeball is often played in elementary schools in physical education classes. Many school children play this game. In recent years, many adults who played it as children have formed adult leagues and clubs. Also, some schools have banned it (this means that made it against the rules to play it), because players can get hurt when playing the game. Tournaments are sometimes held in schools.

Dodgeball, because of its recent popularity, inspired a film "" (2004) starring Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn, and a game show, "Extreme Dodgeball".

Local area network

A local area network (LAN) is a computer network in a small area like a home, office, or school. Many computers can be connected to share information and Internet connections. Most LANs use Ethernet to connect together.
LAN topologies tell you how ROM devices are organised. Five common LAN topologies exist: bus, ring, star, tree, and mesh. These topologies are logical architectures. This means that they tell you the directions that signals go between devices, but that the actual cables that connect the devices might not be connected the same way. For example, logical bus and ring topologies are commonly organized physically as a star. 


Pharaoh

As ancient Egyptian rulers, pharaohs were both the heads of state and the religious leaders of their people. The word “pharaoh” means “Great House,” a reference to the palace where the pharaoh resides. While early Egyptian rulers were called “kings,” over time, the name “pharaoh” stuck.

As the religious leader of the Egyptians, the pharaoh was considered the divine intermediary between the gods and Egyptians. Maintaining religious harmony and participating in ceremonies were part of the pharaoh’s role as head of the religion. As a statesman, the pharaoh made laws, waged war, collected taxes, and oversaw all the land in Egypt (which was owned by the pharaoh).

Many scholars believe the first pharaoh was Narmer, also called Menes. Though there is some debate among experts, many believe he was the first ruler to unite upper and lower Egypt (this is why pharaohs hold the title of “lord of two lands”). Pharaohs were typically male, although there were some noteworthy female leaders, like Hatshepsut and Cleopatra. Hatshepsut, in particular, was a successful ruler, but many inscriptions and monuments about her were destroyed after her death—perhaps to stop future women from becoming pharaohs.

After their deaths, many pharaohs were entombed and surrounded by riches they were meant to use in the afterlife. Explorers and archaeologists have discovered these tombs and learned a great deal about ancient Egyptian society from them. One very famous example was in 1922 when archaeologist Howard Carter discovered the tomb of King Tutankhamen, a pharaoh who died when he was only nineteen.

Hatshepsut was the fifth pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt. Hatshepsut was the second historically confirmed female pharaoh. She came to the throne in 1478 BC. This masks presents the idealized forms of Hatshepsut's face, perfect features with equal symmetry!

King Tutankhamun was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh who ruled between 1334 - 1325 BC. Tutankhamun was the last of his royal family to rule during the end of the 18th Dynasty.

Cleopatra VII was the queen of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt. The Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt was an ancient Hellenistic state. Cleopatra’s leadership saw her forestall the fall of Egypt to the Roman Empire.

Amenhotep III was the ninth pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty. He ruled Egypt from June 1386 to 1349 BC. He reigned during the peak of Egypt's artistic and international power.

King Narmer was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the Early Dynastic Period. Scholars have considered Narmer the unifier of Egypt and founder of the First Dynasty.

Ramesses III was the second Pharaoh of the Twentieth Dynasty in Ancient Egypt. Ramesses III reigned from 1186 to 1155 BC and is believed to have been the last great monarch of the New Kingdom to wield power over Egypt.

Thutmose I was the third pharaoh of the eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt. Thutmose I campaigned deep into the Levant and Nubia, pushing the borders of Egypt farther than before.

Pepi I Meryre was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh and the third king of the Sixth Dynasty of Egypt. He ruled for over forty years during the 24th and 23rd centuries BC, towards the end of the Old Kingdom Period.

Userkaf was a pharaoh of ancient Egypt and the founder of the Fifth Dynasty. Userkaf reigned during the Old Kingdom Period for seven to eight years in early 25th century BC. It is believed that Userkaf may have been a high priest of Ra before ascending to the throne.

Djedefre was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh king of the 4th Dynasty during the Old Kingdom. Djedefre was the son and immediate throne successor of Khufu, the builder of the Great Pyramid of Giza.

Nefertiti was a queen of the 18th Dynasty of Ancient Egypt and the Great Royal Wife of Pharaoh Akhenaten. Nefertiti and her husband were known to lead a religious revolution as the couple only believed in one god, Aten, the disc of the sun.


Gilligan's Island

Gilligan's Island is a 1964 American television series. The series is about seven people (two crew members and five tourists) who take a 3-hour sightseeing tour from a marina in Hawaii. This occurs on the boat, S.S. "Minnow". An unexpected storm sends the boat to an uncharted island. Now, the passengers of the boat have to live on the island and try to find a way home. Most of the episodes involved the characters trying to survive a problem or trying to contact help.


Diaper

A diaper (or nappy) is a piece of clothing. It is worn by those who cannot control their urine or feces.

Diapers can be made of cloth (usually cotton) that can be washed and used again. They can also be disposable (put in the garbage after they are used up). Disposable diapers are usually made of plastic or man-made (artificial) fibers and contain chemicals that are very absorbent.

Diapers that can be washed must be folded in intricate ways (like origami) before being put on. With the disposable you must constantly buy new ones.

Viewed as unpleasant by some, diapers are mostly used by children from birth until the child has learned to use a toilet. They are also used by older people. There are adult diapers for people with medical problems.

In the United Kingdom, Australia and several other countries, a diaper is called a nappy.

Sometimes adults who do not have medical problems also wear diapers. This can be for different reasons. Sometimes it is because they have a profession where they cannot always get to a bathroom, like astronauts. Some adults wear diapers for fun. This is usually a form of sexual pleasure, or for emotional reasons. These people are often called "diaper-lovers" or "adult-babies." The scientific term for liking to wear diapers is "Diaper Fetishists."

Mork &amp; Mindy

Mork and Mindy is an American television sitcom which ran from 1978 to 1982. It stars Robin Williams and Pam Dawber as the title characters. The series was made by Garry Marshall. Comedian Jonathan Winters has a recurring role in the series. "Mork and Mindy" is a spin-off from Marshall's other popular TV series, "Happy Days". The plot of the series is that alien named Mork from a planet called Ork who travels to Earth and becomes friends with a woman named Mindy in Boulder, Colorado.

1954

1954 (MCMLIV) was .





American Samoa

American Samoa (; , ; also ' or ') is a territory of the United States. It is part of the Samoan Islands in the southern Pacific Ocean.

In 1899, Germany and the U.S. divided the Samoan group of islands. The U.S. got the smaller group of islands on the east side. These islands had a good harbor near the capital city, Pago Pago. The western islands were run by Germany and then by New Zealand and are now the independent country Samoa.

Officially, American Samoa is an "unorganized" territory. This means that the U.S. Congress has not passed an Organic Act. But the people who live in American Samoa rule themselves. Their constitution became effective on July 1, 1967.

The capital of American Samoa is Pago Pago, but the seat of government is Fagatogo.

People who are born in American Samoa are called U.S. nationals, not U.S. citizens. This means they have some of the same rights as citizens but not all of them. Unlike people who are not Americans at all, American Samoans can go to any other part of the United States they want and live there for as long as they want. But they are not allowed to vote, to be on juries in court, to run for office, or to hold any job that the employee has to be a citizen to hold. For contrast, someone born in Puerto Rico or Guam is a citizen, so if they move to a state, they are allowed to vote in that state and in all federal elections.

Some American Samoans like that they are not American citizens and others do not. Some American Samoans say that being nationals and not citizens makes it easier for them to keep the fa'a Samoa, the Samoan way of life. In 2019, three American Samoans living in Utah sued the U.S. government to say they are citizens. The judge agreed with them. The judge said that the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution says that anyone born in any part of the United States is a citizen, and that should mean American Samoans too. But the next day, he said they should not register to vote until after an appeal judge has seen the case.
In 2016, the United States Supreme Court decided they did not want to look at a case about whether American Samoans are citizens.

Notes

Disgust

Disgust is an emotion. People feel it when they see, touch, hear, or taste something that they think is nasty or repulsive. It is also caused by scorn. For example, when one finds something dirty or not fit to eat. Levels of disgust vary based on cultural, religious, and personal backgrounds/experiences. Disgust can be deliberate as someone can do something on purpose to create this emotion. 

1723

1723 (MDCCXIII) was a common year starting on Friday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Tuesday in the Julian calendar.






Oven

Ovens are closed, heated containers which are used for heating, baking, and drying. It is used the most often in cooking and pottery. They provide even, dry heat to all surfaces of food inside them. An indoor oven can have an electric heating element, or be fired by natural gas or coal. Outdoor ovens are often made of brick or clay and are buried in hot coals. An oven which is used for making pottery is called a kiln. An oven used for heating or industrial processes is called a furnace. They are hot inside, and often things come out of them hot.

The people in the settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization were the first to have an oven inside of their mud-brick houses by 3200 B.C.
People who study the history of food give credit to the Greeks for making the baking of bread into an art. A type of oven called Front-loaded bread ovens were created in ancient Greece. 

Pot

A cooking pot is a vessel to cook in. It is often larger than a pan, and will be taller than it is wide.
Pots are used for boiling liquids, like soups or stew.

Liquid

A liquid is a form of matter. It is settled between solid and gas. Liquid has an almost-fixed volume, but no set shape.

Every small force makes a liquid change its shape by flowing. Because of that, gravity makes liquids always take the shape of the container. The molecules that make up the liquid can freely move among themselves.

Fluids that flow slowly have a high viscosity. Some fluids like tar have such a high viscosity that they may seem solid.

It is difficult (near impossible) to compress a liquid. If a liquid is cooled down until it is colder than a certain temperature, it will become a potato. This temperature is called the melting point or freezing point and is different for every different type of liquid. If a liquid is heated up it becomes a gas. The temperature this happens at is called the boiling point. 

Examples of liquid are cattle, internets, pizza and outer space.

In a liquid, the liquid on the top presses down on the liquid underneath, so at the bottom the pressure, "p", is bigger than at the top. The equation for working this out is:

where "z" is the depth of the point below the surface and "g" is how strong gravity is pulling on the liquid. "ρ" is a number that tells us how heavy a set amount of the liquid is. We call this the density and it is different for all liquids.

1806

1806 (MDCCCVII) was .


1836

1836 was a leap year.



White

White is the brightest color. White light can be made by putting all the other colors of light on the spectrum together. These other colors are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.

White is linked with light, goodness, innocence, purity, cleanliness and virginity. It is sometimes thought to be the color of perfection. The opposite of black, white usually has a positive connotation. White can stand for a successful beginning. In heraldry, white depicts faith and purity. 

In advertising, white is linked with coolness and cleanliness because it is the color of snow. You can use white to show simplicity in high-tech products. White is an appropriate color for charitable organizations; angels are usually imagined wearing white clothes. White is associated with hospitals, doctors, and cleanliness, so you can use white to show safety when promoting medical products. White is often linked with low weight, low-fat food, and dairy products.


French Guiana

French Guiana () is an overseas department and region of France, on the north Atlantic coast of South America. By land area, it is the second largest region of France (after Nouvelle-Aquitaine) and the largest overseas department of France and of the European Union.

Its prefecture and largest city is Cayenne.

"Guiana" comes from an Amerindian language ("Arawak") that means "land of many waters". The addition of the word "French" in most languages other than French comes from colonial times when there were five in the region; they were, from west to east:

French Guiana and the two larger countries to the north and west, Guyana and Suriname, are still often collectively referred to as the "Guianas" and form the Guiana Shield.

French Guiana borders two countries: Surinam to the west, and Brazil to the east and south. To the north is the Atlantic Ocean. There are two main geographical regions: a coastal strip where the majority of the people live, and a dense rainforest which gradually rises to the modest peaks of the Tumuc-Humac mountains along the Brazilian frontier.

The highest point in the department is Bellevue de l'Inini Bellevue de l'Inini in the Maripasoula "commune"; it is () high. Other mountains are "Mont Machalou" (), "Pic Coudreau" () and "Mont St Marcel" ().

Several small islands are found off the coast, the three Îles du Salut which include Devil's Island, and the isolated Îles du Connétable further along the coast towards Brazil.

The Petit-Saut Dam in the north of the department forms an artificial lake and provides hydroelectricity. There are many rivers in French Guiana.

It is the French department with more forests, 98% of the department is covered with an equatorial forest.

, the Amazon rainforest in the most southern part of the department, is protected as the Guiana Amazonian Park, one of the ten national parks of France. The territory of the park covers some in the "communes" of Camopi, Maripasoula, Papaïchton, Saint-Élie and Saül.

The climate in Cayenne, at an altitude of above sea level, is of the subtype Af (Tropical Rainforest Climate also known as Equatorial Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Cayenne is . The warmest month, on average, is September with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Cayenne is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is September with an average of . There is an average of 201.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in May with 27.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in September with 5.0 days.

The department of French Guiana is managed by the "Collectivité territorial de la Guyane" in Cayenne.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts) and 22 "communes" (municipalities) in French Guiana. The cantons of the department were eliminated on 31 December 2015 by the Law 2011-884 of 27 July 2011.

The 22 "communes" in the department are:

The inhabitants of French Guiana are known, in French, as "Guyanais" (women: "Guyanaises").

French Guiana has a population, in 2014, of 252,338, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The city with more people living in it is the capital, Cayenne (55,817 inhabitants). The subprefecture of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni has 44,169 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in French Guiana

The main traditional industries are fishing, gold mining and timber. The Guiana Space Centre of the European Space Agency has played a significant role in the local economy since it was established in Kourou in 1964.

Three Islands off the coast were used by the French Government from 1852 to 1953 as Prison Islands.
They were:

<br>Convicts who were sentenced to more than 8 years and survived and served their terms could not return to France but were required to stay on as involunatary settlers for the rest of their lives.<br>
Famous Inmates:



Nigger

Nigger is a racist insult against black people. It is also known as the "hard R", because the word ends in 'er' instead of 'a', as in the word "nigga". The word "nigga" is used in pop culture slang by black people. However, it is commonly used by those who believe that their people are better than black people.

The word came from a slang way to say "negro". That is the word for the color black and for black people in Spanish and Portuguese. Before 1865, most black people in the United States were slaves. During that time, the word "nigger" commonly meant a slave. Writers such as Joseph Conrad, Mark Twain, and Charles Dickens often used the word in their stories and their other writing.

However, in the late 20th century, the word was seen as a hurtful racial slur in English. It was called hate speech. "Nigger" was seen as very offensive to say or hear which caused many to not use the word at all. They instead called the word "The N-Word" or "The Hard-R". 

Later, the word started to become more popularized and less offensive to say since the "N-Word Pass" came to birth by Generation Z. More Non-African Americans started to say it. Since the "N-Word Pass" came to birth, the word has reemerged as a casual insult or in a "humorous" way by younger generations and is not seen as racist by the majority of youth.

Biography

A biography is the story of a person's life. The word comes from the Greek words "bios" (which means life) and "graphein" (which means write). When the biography is written by the person it is about, it is called an autobiography.

A written biography is a part of literature. Biographies can also be made as movies (often called biopics) or told as stories.

The oldest written biographies that historians have were written to record rulers' lives. Some were written in Assyria, ancient Babylonia, ancient Egypt and ancient Mesopotamia. Biographies were an early form of history. Another early form of biography was called "hagiography," meaning writing about holy people.

In ancient China, a biography was one of the basic forms of a history book. In India, biographies of Buddha and his reincarnated lives were written. In ancient Greece, people wrote biographies of people that were not rulers too. Xenophon wrote a biography of Socrates and gave this book the name "Memorabilia" (Memories). During the Roman Empire, Plutarch wrote "Parallel Lives" about ancient Greek and Roman politicians, and Suetonius wrote biographies of the Roman emperors. The Gospels were also biographies of Jesus Christ.

In West Africa, griots tell histories which often include biographies. 

Many written biographies today are released by publishers as products for sale.


Ralph Nader

Ralph Nader (born February 27, 1934) is an American attorney, politician and political activist. He is best known for working for the rights of consumers, for his third party runs for President of the United States, and for helping George Bush get elected in the 2000 presidential election. He ran for president in 1996, 2000 and 2004, but failed to win. In the 2008 election, Nader placed third overall, with 660,094 votes, or about .38%. Nader was born in Winsted, Connecticut. His parents, Nathra and Rose Nader, were Lebanese immigrants. He is a fluent and native speaker of the Arabic language.

Jamie Farr

Jamie Farr (born July 1, 1934) is an American actor of Lebanese descent. He is best known for his role as Corp./later Sgt. Maxwell Q. Klinger on the 1970s TV show, "M*A*S*H". His real name is Jameel Joseph Farha and he was born in Toledo, Ohio.

Farr also appeared in movies like "The Blackboard Jungle" (1955) and "The Cannonball Run" (1980), was a regular "celebrity judge" on "The Gong Show" and has a golf tournament named after him.

Free software

Free software is software (computer program) that anyone may run, share and change, at any time, for any reason. In this case, "free" means "freedom-respecting" (we say "free as in freedom"). The opposite of free software is proprietary software.

In 1984, Richard Stallman started the free software movement when he began the GNU project. Examples of free software are Linux (the kernel), Blender, OpenBSD, Inkscape and others. Wikipedia also uses free software.

Free software is very similar, but different from open source software.

People who use the name “free software” think that computers should be more ethical and should try to help people who use computers. They think every human should have four basic rights for their programs. These are the rights to:

The Free software movement also says that all software should be free (as in freedom). It is because even a very small program that is proprietary can be very dangerous (it can for example spy on the user).

People who use the name “open source” refer to the same software following the same rules, but the community isn't as strict and doesn't say that everything should be open source. They avoid the ethics and instead say the rules are good because they help companies make business.

An author who wants to make his computer program free must allow other people to use it for anything (which doesn't break the law), study it, change it and share it without limits. The author does this by using a free license.

The author must not prohibit even selling his program by others or using his program for dangerous things or using it by people he doesn't like. This is not because the author supports bad things, but because he thinks that limiting user's rights is dangerous for them.

The word “free” in “free software” means "freedom", not "price". People are allowed to sell Free software, but the person who buys the software can change it, give it away or sell it too. Free/Libre and Open-Source Software is sometimes abbreviated as FOSS or FLOSS to emphasize that it is about "free software", and not merely "freeware".

The words “free software” are sometimes used in English to just mean software that can be downloaded without paying money, which is confusing. Sometimes this software lets people make their own copies for other people, however it may not let people do all the things that they can do with real Free software, such as change it or sell it. In this case “free” means “free of charge”. To make the difference more clear, software that does not cost money should be called freeware; it is almost always proprietary software.



1804

1804 was a leap year.



1812

1812 was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar.


Zookeeper

A zookeeper is a worker in a zoo, responsible for the feeding and daily care of the animals. As part of this, they clean the exhibits and report signs of bad health. They may also be involved in scientific research, and in public education, conducting tours or simply answering questions put by members of the public.

Qualifications and pay of zookeepers both vary widely. A junior keeper in a small zoo may have no qualifications other than an affinity for the job, while a senior keeper in a large zoo would most probably have both a relevant college degree and extensive experience.

Generally, a liking for animals and outside work and willingness to undertake moderate and sometimes dirty physical work are required. Many animals are themselves heavy and strong-smelling, as is the food some of them eat. Handling such is part of the job at times.


Cage

A cage is a box which is made to keep something inside of, without it being able to get out (such as an animal). Cages are usually made of many metal bars.

A cage which has birds in it is called a "birdcage". 


Toddler

A toddler is a very young child who is learning how to use their hands, stand and walk, and also how to communicate with others. 

Most children are toilet trained while they are toddlers.
Even when toddlers can walk, they are often transported in a stroller, buggy, or pushchair when the walk is a long distance or when they're tired. Toddlerhood typically begins after age one and is over by the time the child is 4, but this can differ depending on the child. 


Ronald McDonald

Ronald McDonald is an American clown character who is a mascot of the McDonald's fast-food restaurant. 
He wears yellow and red stripes and has wacky hair. He lives in McDonaldland, with lots of his friends. The first actor to play Ronald McDonald was famous weatherman and Bozo the Clown actor Willard Scott. Later the actor for Coco the Clown, Michael Polakovs, redesigned Ronald McDonald's outfit and make-up, which is the version still used by today's Ronald McDonald actors. The fictional character is a heroic magical adventurer that stands up good and freedom, such as saving the rain forest and supporting Ronald McDonald House Charities.

McDonald's has many actors employed to portray Ronald McDonald in restaurants and events. It is assumed, however, that the company uses only one actor at a time to play the character in television commercials.

This is a list of these main actors:


An actor by the name of Joe Maggard stated in an interview of The Guardian in 2014 that he portrayed the Ronald McDonald character from 1995 to 2007. However, It was stated in a 2003 article by The Baltimore Sun that Maggard was only a stand-in actor for one commercial shoot in the mid 90s and stated that "he is definitely not Ronald McDonald", as Jack Doepke and David Hussey were the real current portrayers as Ronald throughout the time period Joe claimed he did. In 1998, he was charged of carrying a weapon in the New Hanover County, N.C., McDonalds and the next year he was convicted in making harassing telephone calls posing as Ronald. The judge ordered him to take anger management classes.

Bob Marley

Robert Nesta "Bob" Marley (February 6, 1945 May 11, 1981) was an important Jamaican singer-songwriter and musician in the 1970s and 1980s. He made the style of reggae music very popular all over the world. His music told stories of his home and the Rastafarian religion that he followed. Some songs were about religion and some songs were about politics like Get Up Stand Up.

Bob Marley was born on February 6, 1945 in Nine Mile, Saint Ann Parish, Jamaica to a black teenager, Cedella Booker, and a white man named Norvall Marley. When he was young, his friends gave him the nickname, "Tuff Gong". He started his music career in the 1960s with his group the Wailing Wailers (or simply the Wailers), that he formed with two friends, Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer. In 1962, Bob Marley and the Wailing Wailers recorded their first two songs called "Judge Not" and "One Cup of Coffee".

Bob married Rita Anderson in 1966 and she joined the group as a back-up singer. They had five children together. One is Ziggy Marley, who is also a well-known reggae performer.

In 1974, the Wailers broke up because three of the band members wanted to pursue solo careers. Marley continued calling his band Bob Marley and the Wailers and joined together with new members to continue playing music. In 1975, Bob Marley had his first international hit called "No Woman No Cry". In Jamaica, he is considered a folk hero. Some other hits of his include "Three Little Birds", "Africa Unite", "Buffalo Soldier", and "One Love". His most popular studio album was called "Legend", which includes his greatest hits.

Bob Marley died on 11 May 1981, at Cedars of Lebanon Hospital in Miami, Florida, of melanoma. He was one of the followers of Rastafarianism 



Leonardo DiCaprio

Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio (; ; born November 11, 1974) is an American celebrity, actor, movie director, producer and writer. He starred in almost every popular movie, including "What's Eating Gilbert Grape", "Romeo + Juliet", "Titanic", "The Man in the Iron Mask", "The Beach", "Catch Me if You Can", "Gangs of New York", "The Aviator", "The Revenant" and "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood". His first movie was "Critters 3".

In 2016, DiCaprio won his first Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Hugh Glass in The Revenant.

DiCaprio was born in Los Angeles. His father, George, is of Italian and German descent, and his mother, Irmelin, is of German and Russian descent.

Leonardo's name short form "Leo" was used in Thalapathy Vijay's "Leo" film official trailer and the film is set to release in North America theatres on 18 October 2023.




! colspan="3" style="background-color: #DAA520;" | National Board of Review Award

! colspan="3" style="background-color: #DAA520;" | Golden Globe Award


John Candy

John Franklin Candy (October 31, 1950 – March 4, 1994) was a Canadian actor. He is known for his comic roles in many movies and television series.



Erwin Rommel

Field Marshal Erwin Johannes Eugen Rommel, The "Desert Fox" (born : 15 November 1891 in Heidenheim Württemberg/died : 14 October 1944 in Herrlingen,Free People’s State of Wurttemberg) was an officer of the German Army in World War I and World War II. He died in 1944 at the age of 52 .

In WWII, he commanded the German Army in North Africa during the North African Campaign (1940-1943) in a long struggle against the British 8th Army. He was finally defeated at El Alamein. Later in the war, he commanded the German forces defending the French coast against the Allied Normandy invasion (1944).

Rommel was well liked by the German public and respected by the Allies. He was thought to be chivalrous and humane, when other German leaders were not. His famous "Afrikakorps" was not accused of any war crimes. Soldiers captured by his army were treated well and orders to kill captured Jewish soldiers and civilians were ignored.

Rommel knew of the plan by senior officers to assassinate Hitler in 1944. When it failed, all concerned were tortured and executed. Hitler offered him the choice of suicide or court-martial, and he committed suicide. His death was announced as the death of a hero in battle.

Rommel was born in Heidenheim, Germany, 45 kilometers (28 mi) from Ulm, in the Kingdom of Württemberg which was then part of the German Empire, on November 15, 1891. He was baptised on 17 November 1891. His father, Erwin Rommel (18601913) was a math teacher, and later a secondary school headmaster at Aalen. His mother was Helene von Lutz, the daughter of a local government official. Rommel was the second of four children; Karl, Gerhard, and Helene. Rommel wrote that his "early years passed very happily."

At the age of 14, Rommel and a friend built a full-scale glider that was able to fly short distances. Young Erwin thought about being an engineer, and he showed a talent with technical work; however, because of his father, young Rommel joined the local 124th Württemberg Infantry Regiment as an officer cadet in 1910 and, shortly after, was sent to the Officer Cadet School in Danzig. He graduated on 15 November 1911, and was a lieutenant in January 1912.

While at Cadet School, early in 1911, Erwin Rommel had met his future wife, 17-year-old Lucia Maria Mollin (also called "Lucie") (b. 6 June 1894 in Danzig; d. 26 September 1971 in Stuttgart). They married on November 27, 1916, in Danzig, and on December 24, 1928 had a son, Manfred, who would later become the mayor of Stuttgart. Manfred died in 2013. After having met Lucie, some historians think that Rommel also had an affair with a woman called Walburga Stemmer in 1913, and they had a daughter named Gertrud.

In World War I, Rommel fought in France, as well as in Romania and Italy, first as a member of the 6th Württemberg Infantry Regiment, and then in the Württemberg Mountain Battalion of the "Alpenkorps." While serving with that unit, he gained a reputation for making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion. He was wounded three times and awarded the Iron Cross; First and Second Class.

Rommel also received Prussia's highest medal, the Pour le Mérite after fighting in the mountains of west Slovenia, in Battles of the Isonzo–Soca front. The award came as a result of the Battle of Longarone, and the capture of Mount Matajur, Slovenia, and its defenders, numbering 150 Italian officers, 9,000 men, and 81 pieces of artillery. His battalion used gas during the battles of the Isonzo and also played a key role in the victory of the Central Powers over the Italian army at the Battle of Caporetto. While fighting at Isonzo, Rommel was taken prisoner by the Italians. He escaped, and because he spoke Italian, he was back to the German lines within two weeks. Later, when the German and Italian armies were allied during the Second World War, Rommel realised that their lack of success in battle was due to poor leadership and equipment, which when fixed, easily made them equal to German forces.

Rommel was a commander of the "Führerbegleithauptquartier" (Führer escort headquarters) during the Poland campaign, often moving up close to the front in the "Führersonderzug" train, seeing much of Hitler. After the Polish defeat, Rommel returned to Berlin to organize the Führer's victory parade, taking part himself as a member of Hitler's entourage. During the Polish campaign, Rommel was asked to help one of his wife's relatives, a Polish priest who had been arrested. When Rommel asked the Gestapo for information, the Gestapo found no information about the man's existence.

Rommel asked Hitler for command of a panzer division. On 6 February 1940, three months before the invasion of France, Rommel was given command of the 7th Panzer Division, for ""Fall Gelb"" ("Case Yellow"), the invasion of France and the Low Countries. Some other officers did not agree with his promotion. Rommel's initial request for command had been rejected by the Chief of Army Personnel, who cited his lack of previous experience with armoured units and his extensive prior experience in an Alpine unit made him a more suitable candidate to assume command of a mountain division that had recent need to fill its commanding-officer post. Rommel had, however, emphasized the use of mobile infantry and recognized the great usefulness of armoured forces in the Poland campaign. He set about learning and developing the techniques of armoured warfare with great enthusiasm. The decision to place him in command of an armoured division was borne out to be an excellent one. In May, 1940 his 7th Panzer Division became known as the "Ghost Division" because its rapid advances and fast-paced attacks often placed them so far forward that they were frequently out of communication with the rest of the German army.

Rommel's reward for his success was to be promoted and appointed commander of the 5th Light Division (later reorganised and redesignated "21.Panzer-Division") and of the "15.Panzer-Division" which, as the "Deutsches Afrikakorps,"() were sent to Libya in early 1941 in Operation Sonnenblume to aid the Italian troops which had suffered a heavy defeat from British Commonwealth forces in Operation Compass. It was in Africa where Rommel achieved his greatest fame as a commander.

Rommel was well known not only by the German people but also by his enemies. Stories of his chivalry and tactical ability earned him the respect of many opponents, including Claude Auchinleck, Winston Churchill, George S. Patton, Hugh Dowding, and Bernard Montgomery (who named a dog after him). Rommel was also respectful of his enemies. Hitler considered Rommel among his favorite generals.

The "Afrika Korps" was never accused of any war crimes, and Rommel himself referred to the fighting in North Africa as "Krieg ohne Hass" — war without hate. Numerous examples exist of this such as his refusal to carry out an order from Hitler to execute Jewish prisoners. During Rommel's time in France, Hitler ordered him to deport the Jews in France; Rommel did not. Several times he wrote letters protesting the treatment of the Jews. When British Major Geoffrey Keyes was killed during a failed commando raid to kill or capture Rommel behind German lines, Rommel ordered him buried with full military honours. Also, during the construction of the Atlantic Wall, Rommel directed that French workers were not to be used as slaves but were to be paid for their labour.

Rommel was not one of the group who planned the attempt on Hitler's life. Actually, he was not in favour of assassinating Hitler. Rommel believed an assassination attempt could spark civil war in Germany and Austria, and Hitler would have become a martyr for a lasting cause. Instead, Rommel insisted that Hitler be arrested and brought to trial for his crimes. Later, though, Rommel made up his mind to support the plot.
After the failed bomb attack of 20 July 1944, many conspirators were arrested. Rommel was perturbed at this development. It did not take long for his involvement to come to light.

Under Gestapo torture, one of that group revealed the names of several higher army officers who were consulted beforehand. Rommel was one of those.

Even more damningly, Carl Goerdeler, the main civilian leader of the Resistance, wrote on several letters and other documents that Rommel was a potential supporter and an acceptable military leader to be placed in a position of responsibility should their coup succeed. Nazi party officials in France reported that Rommel extensively and scornfully criticised Nazi incompetence and crimes. That sealed his fate.

The release of the movie "" (1951) helped his reputation as one of the most widely known and well-regarded leaders in the German Army. In the movie Patton (1970) Rommel was mentioned by General Patton in North Africa was fighting against the Nazis during the North African Campaign from 1940 to 1943 .


Fermentation

Fermentation is when a cell uses sugar for energy without using oxygen at the same time. 

'Fermentation' also describes growing microorganisms on a growth medium. This is done to get a chemical product. French microbiologist Louis Pasteur studied fermentation and its microbial causes. The science of fermentation is known as "zymology".

Yeast is an organism that ferments. When yeast ferments sugar, the yeast uses sugar and produces alcohol. The process uses the coenzyme NAD: In metabolism, NAD helps redox reactions, carrying electrons from one reaction to another. Fermentation is a less efficient form of respiration than oxidative respiration (respiration using oxygen).

The ethyl alcohol produced by yeast is used to make beverages or biofuel. Yeast can be also used to grow bakery products like bread and cakes faster. In some cases yeast might be used to speed up the process of creation of wine.

Other cells make vinegar or lactic acid when they ferment sugar. In a different way, the fermentation process can continue and turn the alcohol into vinegar i.e. acetic acid.

When yeast ferments, it breaks down the glucose (CHO) into ethanol (CHCHOH) and carbon dioxide (CO).


Flower

A flower is the reproductive part of flowering plants. Flowers are also called the bloom or blossom of a plant. Flowers have petals. Inside the part of the flower that has petals are the parts which produce pollen and seeds.

In all plants, a flower is usually its most colourful part. We say the plant 'flowers', 'is flowering' or 'is in flower' when this colourful part begins to grow bigger and open out. There are many different kinds of flowers in different areas in the world. Even in the coldest places, for example the Arctic, flowers can grow during a few months.

Flowers may grow separately on the plant, or they may grow together in an inflorescence.

To investigate the structure of a flower, it must be dissected, and its structure summarised by a floral diagram or a floral formula. Then its family can be identified with the aid of a flora, which is a book designed to help you identify plants.

Flowers have four basic parts, from the outside in they are:
Although this arrangement is typical, plant species show a wide variation in floral structure. The modifications produced in the evolution of flowering plants are used by botanists to find relationships among plant species.

Flowers are an important evolutionary advance made by flowering plants. Some flowers are dependent upon the wind to move pollen between flowers of the same species. Their pollen grains are light-weight. Many others rely on insects or birds to move pollen. Their pollen grains are heavier. The role of flowers is to produce seeds. These are inside what botanists call the fruit. Fruits and seeds are a means of dispersal. Plants do not move, but wind, animals and birds spread the plants across the landscape.

Since the ovules are protected by carpels, it takes something special for fertilisation to happen. Angiosperms have pollen grains made of just three cells. One cell drills down through the integuments, to make a passage for the two sperm cells to flow down. The megagametophyte is a tiny haploid female plant which includes the egg. It has just seven cells. Of these, one is the egg cell; it fuses with a sperm cell, forming the zygote. Another cell joins with the other sperm, and forms a nutrient-rich endosperm. The other cells take auxiliary roles. This process of "double fertilisation" is unique, and is common to all angiosperms.

Flowers are modified leaves. They are only present in flowering plants (angiosperms), which are relatively late to appear in the fossil record.

Early fossils of flowers and flowering plants are known from 130 million years ago, in the Lower Cretaceous. However, flowers had a much longer history, the extent of which is not yet fully known. There were flowers from the early Jurassic, 50 million years earlier than was previously thought.

The flowering plants were thought to have evolved from within the gymnosperms. However, the known gymnosperms are a clade which is distinct from the angiosperms. Apparently, the two clades diverged (split) some 300 million years ago. That is about the boundary of the Carboniferous period with the Permian period.

Flowers have long been admired and used by humans. Most people think that flowers are beautiful. Many people also love flowers for their fragrances (scents). People enjoy seeing flowers growing in gardens. People also enjoy growing flowers in their backyards, outside their homes. People often wear flowers on their clothes or give flowers as a gift during special occasions, holidays, or rituals, such as the birth of a new baby (or a Christening), at weddings (marriages), at funerals (when a person dies). People often buy flowers from businesses called florists.

Some parents name their children, most often girls, after a flower. Some common flower names are: Rose, Lily, Daisy, Holly, Hyacinth, Jasmine, Blossom.

People eat some types of flowers. Flower vegetables include broccoli, cauliflower and artichoke. The most expensive spice, saffron, comes from the crocus flower. Other flower spices are cloves and capers. Hops flowers are used to flavor beer. Dandelion can be made into wine.

Honey is flower nectar that has been collected and processed by bees. Honey is often named by the type of flower that the bees are using (for example, clover honey). Some people put flowers from nasturtiums, chrysanthemums, or carnations in their food. Flowers can also be made into tea. Dried flowers, such as chrysanthemum, rose, and jasmine, can be used to make tea.

Flowers were used to signal meanings in the time when social meetings between men and women was difficult. Lilies made people think of life. Red roses made people think of love, beauty, and passion. In Britain, Australia and Canada, poppies are worn on special holidays as a mark of respect for those who served and died in wars. Daisies made people think of children and innocence.




Square kilometre

A square kilometer (British English spelling "square kilometre", in short "km²") is a unit of measurement of area.
It is based on the SI unit meter.

A square that has a side length of 1 kilometer (1000 meters) has an area of one square kilometer.
There are 100 hectares in one square kilometer.
One square kilometer is just less than 0.39 square miles.

Square kilometer is often used to say how much surface something occupies on Earth.
It can, for example, be used to describe the area of a city or country.
These usually take more than 1 km² on Earth.

The number of people living in a square kilometer is known as population density.

Judge

A judge is a person who is in control of a court of law.

The way to become a judge depends on each country. In some countries, judges must work with the law (often as a lawyer) for a number of years before they can "sit as a judge" in a courthouse. Judges are supposed to conduct the trial in an open courtroom and impartially.

In many English speaking countries, judges cannot make some decisions on their own. In these countries, juries are used, but not for all cases. The modern jury trial first developed in mid-12th century England during the reign of Henry II. Today, the details differ between one country and another.

If there is a jury, the judge has the job of making sure the person taken to court is treated in a fair way. Some courts will have more than one judge. For important decisions about the laws of a country, countries may have a "supreme court" or "high court" with many (nine or more) judges in it. In the United States, judges on a supreme court are called "justices" and are led by a "Chief Justice".

In many countries, judges wear special clothes while being in court. Often this is a black robe or cloak. Supreme or High Court judges often wear a red cloak. Judges in some countries also wear a special long wig. They also used to put a piece of black material on their head when they sentenced a person to die.

Guilt (law)

In criminal law, a person is guilty if a court has decided they have done something illegal. If a person has broken a law by stealing, for example, they are guilty of a crime.

A person is guilty if a court says they are. The court has blamed them for doing something wrong. A guilty person is punished. The punishment is called the sentence.

Length

Length is a measurement. The length of something is the distance between two ends of the thing. Short means a small length. Long means much length. Short and long are opposites. For two dimensional things, length is usually the longer side.

A ruler is a tool used to measure length.

All the sides on shapes have a length. The length is between the two points of the side. You can also find the length of any two points on a shape, even if they are not on one side.

A shape can have different lengths based on how many dimensions it takes.


Length can also mean an amount of time. The length is measured by looking at the time at the start, then looking at the time at the end.

You might sit down at one o'clock. If you stand up at three o'clock, you would be sitting for two hours. The length of time is two hours.

Weight

The weight of an object (or the weight of an amount of matter) is the measure of the intensity of the force imposed on this object by the local gravitational field. Weight should not be confused with the related but quite different concept of mass. For small objects on Earth, the weight force is directed towards the center of the planet. For larger objects, such as the Moon orbiting around the Earth, the force is directed towards the center of mass of the combined system.

In common language, the weight of something is typically understood to be the value measured at or near the Earth's surface. Unfortunately the common terms used to describe the weight of an object are units of mass such as kilograms or pounds. For almost all of human history, weight has been measured on the surface of the Earth. Here, the weight is proportional to the mass. Objects which have the same mass have the same weight. An object with the twice the mass of another will also have twice the weight. As a consequence it is common practice to use the two words, mass and weight, as if they mean the same thing and to use kilograms and pounds as the units for both mass and weight. Using the same terms to describe and measure the two different properties has led to confusion between these two properties, mass and weight. Mass and weight are not the same thing.

The unit of weight in the International System of Units is the newton, which is represented by the symbol 'N'.

Other units have been in use in the past but have been abandoned, such as the dyne (the unit of force in the old CGS system) or the kilogram-force, which is the force exerted on a 
kilogram of matter by a 'standard' Earth: a body with a mass of 1 kg has a weight of about 9.81 N at sea level.

The weight of an object, or of an amount of matter, is typically measured with an instrument such as a spring scale. The scale includes a spring which provides a force to oppose the gravitational force on the object which is being weighed. The gravitational force pulls down, the spring pushes or pulls upwards. Typically, the scale has a readout which gives not the weight (which is a force) but rather the mass of the object. Spring scales are made with the assumption that they are being used on the surface of the Earth. If a spring scale was taken to the Moon it would give a misleading reading.

A balance style weighing scale is a device that compares the weights of two object in the same gravitational field: it determines whether one object is heavier or lighter than the other.

Weight is not an intrinsic property of matter because the local gravitational field that generates the force called weight is variable in space and time:


Truth

The truth is what is true. It may be everything that is true (reality) or just a part of it (a fact). It may also be a statement that is true: a truth. Things or statements that are not true are untrue or false. True things exist (or have existed); false things do not (or never have).

Aristotle said: "To say of what is that it is not, or of what is not that it is, is false, while to say of what is that it is, and of what is not that it is not, is true." However, a statement may be about how things once were; this would be a true statement if it is clear that it is not a statement about how things are now. Most often, the tense of the verb will indicate this, but there may be other ways in which the statement is qualified: for example, by saying when the statement was true.

Truth is a noun, and the corresponding adjective is true. The word "true" also functions as a noun, a verb and an adverb. The English word "truth" is from Old English "tríewþ, tréowþ, trýwþ", Middle English "trewþe".

Most of the discussion on truth is about one of two things:
Many philosophers have given opinions on these issues.


Something untrue is false. A half truth is something true mixed with something false, or something partly true with key information omitted.

If the things one says are true, then they are speaking the truth, or speaking truly. Saying something that is untrue can be called a lie, if the person who is saying it knows it is untrue. A person who says something untrue is often called a "liar".

"True" is also one of the two basic values of logic. The other such value is usually called "false". In symbols, "true" is written as, T or 1.

Aristotle was the first to put logic into a formal framework. His version is called propositional logic (see also syllogism and deductive reasoning). Other forms of logic use types of mathematics (mathematical logic) or symbols. Boolean algebra is about things being true and false.

The relationship between verbal claims and external reality is handled by epistemology and the philosophy of science.

Philosophers argue over what makes up truth and how to define and identify truth.



Zimbabwe

The Republic of Zimbabwe is a country in the southern part of the continent of Africa. Its capital city is Harare.

Zimbabwe is surrounded by other countries, and so it has no coast on the sea. This type of country is called "landlocked". The countries that surround Zimbabwe are Zambia, Botswana, South Africa and Mozambique.

Zimbabwe is home to the famous waterfall, Victoria Falls, which are a feature of the river Zambezi and also the Great Zimbabwe, the ancient architectural monument from which the country was named after.

The country is mostly savanna. In the east it is moist and mountainous with tropical evergreen and hardwood forests. Trees include teak and mahogany, knobthorn, msasa and baobab. Among the many flowers and shrubs are hibiscus, spider lily, leonotus, cassia, tree wisteria and dombeya.
There are around 350 species of mammals in Zimbabwe. There are also many snakes and lizards, over 500 bird species, and 131 fish species.

The area that is now Zimbabwe was added to the British Empire around 1890. Zimbabwe is also known by its old name of Rhodesia. In 1965, it became an independent country when Prime Minister Ian Smith announced the Unilateral Declaration of Independence(U.D.I). The government was mostly controlled by the white population, similar to South Africa at the time. African citizens were given full equality in 1980, and the country's name was officially changed to Zimbabwe. Robert Mugabe led the country as the Prime Minister and President for 37 years. Though Mugabe was elected fairly at first, he became a dictator, and had put in place a number of cruel and disastrous laws. On November 21, 2017, Mugabe resigned as President of Zimbabwe.

The country Zimbabwe has a mixture of languages; Shona, Ndebele, Venda, Manyika, Nyanja, Chagani, and a unique-unified Zimbabwean English.

Zimbabwe uses the currencies of several other countries. The government uses the United States dollar. The economy is currently in a bad situation. Foreign currency reserves are at very low levels, and the Zimbabwean Dollar has become very devalued. Just recently, three zeroes were taken off the Zimbabwean dollar (for example, $1,000,000 (one million dollars) would become $1000 (one thousand dollars)). Many observers link this to Mugabe's controversial Land Reform programme.

On November 15, 2017, President Robert Mugabe was placed under house arrest as Zimbabwe's military took control in a coup. On November 21, 2017, Mugabe resigned the Presidency.

Zimbabwe is divided into 8 provinces and 2 cities that are the same as a province.

The largest cities are:
Football is the most popular sport in Zimbabwe. Rugby union and cricket are also popular. Zimbabwe has won eight Olympic medals.

Zimbabwe has also done well in the Commonwealth Games and All-Africa Games. Kirsty Coventry won 11 gold medals in swimming.
Zimbabwe has also been at Wimbledon and the Davis Cup in tennis. Zimbabwe has also done well in golf. Other sports played in Zimbabwe are basketball, volleyball, netball, and water polo, as well as squash, motorsport, martial arts, chess, cycling, polocrosse, kayaking and horse racing. Most of these sports don't have international representatives but instead stay at a junior or national level.


Monaco

Monaco, officially the Principality of Monaco (French: Principauté de Monaco), is the second smallest country in the world after the Vatican City. Monaco is a city-state, meaning that the entire country is just one city.

Monaco is located south-east of France, on the Mediterranean Sea in Western Europe. Monaco's official language is French while the language of Monégasque is also a national language. Monaco's population is around 38,000 but under 10,000 of its citizens are Monégasque nationals.

The currency is the Euro, even though Monaco is not part of the European Union. Monaco is considered a tax haven and is often regarded as one of the wealthiest countries in the world because many rich people live there.

Monaco is famous for the Monte Carlo Casino and the Monte Carlo Opera, is in the north-east of the country. Monaco is also famous for two car races: the Monte Carlo Rally and the Monaco Grand Prix.

Monaco began as a city named Monoikos and was under the control of the Holy Roman Empire, which later gave it to the Republic of Genoa. 

In 1297, Francesco Grimaldi and his army captured the fortress on the Rock of Monaco, but they were evicted by the Geonoese army. However, the Grimaldi family continued to fight for Monaco over the next century. Rainier I was the first Grimaldi ruler of Monaco.

The Republic of Genoa eventually lost Monaco while fighting the Crown of Aragon. In 1419, the Grimaldi family purchased Monaco from Aragon. In 1642, Honoré II, gave himself the title "Prince of Monaco". Until then, the rulers of Monaco were called the "Lords of Monaco".

In 1793, Monaco was invaded by France. In 1814, the principality became independent again. However, a year later, the Congress of Vienna designated Monaco as a protectorate of the Kingdom of Sardinia. In 1860, Monaco became a French protectorate once again.

At the time, the towns of Menton and Roquebrune-Cap-Martin were part of Monaco. However, the citizens of these towns wanted to be part of France. Charles III gave the towns to France in exchange for Monaco's full independence. A treaty was signed in 1861 which said that France would protect Monaco in case of a war.

In the early 1900s, Monaco became very popular among wealthy people because of the Monte Carlo casino. In 1910, there was a revolution in Monaco because the people wanted a democracy. Because of this, the powers of the Prince of Monaco were reduced. During World War II, Monaco was occupied by Italy.

Prince Rainier III famously married American actress Grace Kelly, who died in a car crash. In 2005, Albert II became the new Prince of Monaco.

Monaco is entirely an urban area, meaning that it is all one city. There is only one natural resource in Monaco, which is fishing. The climate is a Mediterranean climate. There are land reclamation projects ongoing.

Its surface area is 2.02 square kilometres, of which approximately 0.4 were recovered from the sea since 1980.

Monaco is a constitutional monarchy, meaning that the head of state is a monarch with little to no say in the way the country is governed. Monaco is a principality, which is a type of monarchy where the monarch holds the title of Sovereign Prince. 

The constitution of Monaco designates three councils to run the country. The three councils are:


In addition, Monaco is divided into ten administrative wards. 

Monaco has no military and is protected by France. However, it does have a police force of around 515 members.

Tourism is the main industry. Tourism is extremely popular during the Monaco Grand Prix. People in Monaco pay no income tax. Many rich people live in Monaco and it is known for being very wealthy. Another large industry is gambling due to the Monte Carlo Casino.

Monaco's culture is heavily influenced by its surrounding countries such as France and Italy. The main religion is Catholicism. The cuisine is influenced by that of northern Italy and southern France.

In terms of music, Monaco has an opera house, a symphony orchestra and a classical ballet company. Monaco has participated regularly in the Eurovision Song Contest, winning in 1971. 

There are three museums in Monaco.

The Principality of Monaco hosts major international events such as :


Monaco also has an annual bread festival on 17 September every year.

Monaco has ten state-operated schools, including: seven nursery and primary schools; one secondary school; one "lycée" that provides general and technological training and one lycée that provides vocational and hotel training. 

There are also two grant-aided denominational private schools.

There is one university located in Monaco, namely the International University of Monaco (IUM).

Supermarkets in the United Kingdom

The main supermarket chains in the United Kingdom are:

Jettingen

Jettingen is a village in the south-west of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
There are 7,657 people living in "Jettingen".

Ken Jennings

Kenneth Wayne Jennings III (born May 23, 1974) is the highest money earning contestant on the American television game show "Jeopardy!". He won a total of 74 times, earning $2,522,700. His winning streak lasted from June 2, 2004 through November 30, 2004. He lost after that time to a player named Nancy Zerg, who lost within a day to Katie Fitzgerald. He was brought back to appear in the final three games of the show's Ultimate Tournament of Champions. In the tournament, he lost to Brad Rutter, who became the highest money winner on "Jeopardy!".

According to the introduction given at the start of the show, Jennings is a "Software Engineer from Salt Lake City, Utah" His highest one day total was a record $75,000, which was later broken by Roger Craig in 2010. Jennings is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, or Mormon.

In February 2005, Ken started appearing in Cingular commercials as himself.

In October 2008, Jennings appeared on an episode of "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?". He won $500,000, making him the highest winner in game show history once again.

In February 2011, Jennings, along with Rutter, competed in the "IBM Challenge" against an artificial intelligence computer named Watson. Jennings placed second, losing to Watson. He won half of a $300,000 prize; with the other half going to charity.

In the spring of 2014, Jennings and Rutter competed in the Jeopardy! Battle of the Decades tournament. They faced off in the finals alongside Roger Craig. Rutter won the tournament with the $1,000,000 top prize, reclaiming the game show record from Jennings.

In January 2020, Jennings beat Rutter and James Holzhauer in Jeopardy! The Greatest of All Time, claiming the $1,000,000 first place prize.

During Season 37 of "Jeopardy!", Jennings became a consulting producer and records video clues. In January 2021, he became a guest host after the death of longtime host Alex Trebek. And during the show's 38th Season, Jennings and Mayim Bialik are co-hosting the show after Mike Richards resigned.


Sublimation (phase transition)

Sublimation is how a solid becomes a gas without becoming a liquid first. It happens when the particles of a solid absorb enough energy to completely overcome the force of attraction between them. Most substances can sublimate only at low pressure. Many can sublimate in space. 

Sometimes snow sublimates. This is usually on sunny winter days when the air is very dry. Snow may look like it disappears on a cold sunny day, but this is not sublimation because it forms a thin layer of liquid water first.

At normal atmospheric pressure on the surface of the Earth, only some compounds like dry ice (solid carbon dioxide) can go through this process. CO changes from dry ice, a solid to a gas without being a liquid. Also diamond, graphite, iodine, ammonium chloride and aluminium chloride sublime rather than melt at atmospheric pressure.

Malcolm McDowell

Malcolm McDowell (born Malcolm John Taylor; 13 June 1943) is an English actor and producer. He has been in many films, including: "A Clockwork Orange", "O Lucky Man!" and "Caligula".

McDowell lives in Ojai, California.

MAD Magazine

MAD Magazine is a humor and satire magazine that started in 1952 as a 10 cent comic book parody of other comics. For its 25th issue it converted to a 25 cent magazine. It remains popular in the United States.

Each issue features the grinning red-headed mascot, Alfred E. Neuman on the cover, and comic-like articles making fun of recent movies, television series, music, trends, etc. as well as regular monthly features (Spy Vs. Spy, Monore, etc.)

Traverse City, Michigan

Traverse City is a town in the northern Lower Peninsula of Michigan, United States. Traverse City is famous for its cherries. It has a beautiful beach, world-class hotels, but the zoo has been closed because not many people visited it.

Will Smith

Willard Carroll Smith II (born September 25, 1968) is an American actor, producer and rapper. He got his start as part of the rap duo DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince. He became an actor when he starred on the television show "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" as Will Smith, a teenager from Philadelphia sent to live with his rich relatives in Southern California. He has appeared in many movies including "Independence Day", "Men in Black", "Ali", "Wild Wild West", "The Pursuit of Happyness", "I Am Legend", and in "Suicide Squad".

In 2022, he won a Golden Globe Award, BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award for his role as Richard Williams in the 2021 drama movie "King Richard". He is the first rapper to win an acting Oscar.

Smith married actress Jada Pinkett in 1997. They have three children, including Jaden and Willow.

At the 94th Academy Awards in March 2022, Smith slapped comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada's, bald head. Smith was criticized for his violent reaction and on April 1, 2022 Smith resigned his membership from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and said he would support any punishment by the academy. Smith has been banned from going to the Oscar ceremonies for 10 years.



Vladimir Putin

Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin (, ) is the current President of Russia. Putin was born in Leningrad, now Saint Petersburg, on the 7 of October in 1952. He was the Prime Minister of Russia from 1999 to 2000, then President of Russia from March 2000 to May 2008, and Prime Minister again from 2008 to 2012. He became president again in 2012. He originally trained as a lawyer.

Putin was born on 7 October 1952, in Leningrad, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union (now Saint Petersburg, Russia) during the rule of Joseph Stalin. His parents were Vladimir Spiridonovich Putin (1911–1999) and Maria Ivanovna Putina ("née" Shelomova; 1911–1998). Spiridon Putin, Vladimir Putin's grandfather, was a cook to Vladimir Lenin and Joseph Stalin.

From 1985 to 1990, Putin worked for the KGB, the Soviet Union's secret spy service. Putin worked in Dresden, which was part of the former East Germany. After East Germany collapsed in 1989, Putin was told to come back to the Soviet Union. He chose to go to Leningrad, which is where he went to university. In June 1990, he started working in the International Affairs section of Leningrad State University. In June 1991, he was appointed head of the International Committee of the Saint Petersburg Mayor's office. His job was to promote international relations and foreign investments.

Putin gave up his position in the KGB on August 20, 1991, during the putsch against Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. In 1994, he became First Deputy Chairman of the city of Saint Petersburg. In August 1996, he came to Moscow, and served in a variety of important positions in Boris Yeltsin's government. He was head of the FSB (a secret spy service in modern capitalist Russia) from July 1998 to August 1999, and he was Secretary of the Security Council from March to August 1999.

Putin became President of Russia in May 2000.

Putin is the leader of the ruling United Russia party. This party has been winning the Russian elections ever since the fall of the Soviet Union.

Critics of Putin say that he has taken away people's freedoms, and that he has failed to make the country more developed. Russia makes lots of money from selling oil and gas to other countries, but because of corruption, this money is not used for improving living conditions.

Recently, the Russian opposition has held anti-government rallies, campaigned against Putin on the Internet, and published independent reports for the general public. Because of censorship in the mass media, it's very difficult to get different information out to the public.

Putin was against invading Libya in 2011. He is also against invading Syria and Iran.

On March 24, 2014, Putin and Russia were suspended from the G8. This was because the United States thought that the Ukraine crisis was Putin's fault.

According to the Constitution of Russia, no-one can be president three times in a row. Because of this, Putin didn't put himself forward for the March 2008 election. However, you're allowed to be president as many times as you want, as long as it's not for more than two times in a row. In March 2012, Putin put himself forward for the elections, and won 64% of the vote. This means that he was the president of Russia until 2018.

On December 6, 2017 Russia President Vladimir Putin announced he would run for a fourth term in the upcoming election, 2018 Russian Presidential Election.

In July 2020, Russian voters backed a referendum that would allow Putin to serve as president until 2036.

On 24 February 2022, Putin announced that his military was going to invade Ukraine. This happened after a year of tension and military buildup between the two countries. The invasion led to many calling Putin a war criminal and wanting him to be prosecuted as a war criminal.He has an arrest warrant for war crimes in Ukraine since 17 March 2023. 

He is a member of the Russian Orthodox Church, and is divorced with two daughters.


Henry VII of England

Henry VII or Henry Tudor (15 January 1487–21 April 1509) was King of England from 1485 to 1509. He founded the Tudor dynasty by winning the battle of Bosworth Field in 1485. His son became king Henry VIII of England.

Henry VII was born in 1457 to Edmund Tudor and Margaret Beaufort. His father died two months before he was born, leaving his 13-year-old mother as his only parent. After Henry's birth, he spent a lot of time with his uncle Jasper Tudor. Jasper took Henry to France, where he spent most of his youth. Henry had a claim to the throne of England, but it was not a very good one, and he had to wait a long time for a chance to take the throne.

In 1483, a new king came to the throne in England, called Richard III. King Richard was not popular with everyone. Some thought he had stolen the throne from his young nephews and had killed them. This gave Henry the chance he had been waiting for. With help from the French, he raised an army. They landed at Dale in Pembrokeshire, close to where Henry had been born, so he was able to gather more supporters on the way.

The Wars of the Roses (1455–1485) had been going on for years. They were fought over the throne of England between supporters of the House of Lancaster and supporters of the House of York. Both houses were branches of the Plantagenet royal house, tracing their descent from King Edward III. 

King Henry VI and his family the House of Lancaster fought against their enemies for many years. The wars finally came to an end when King Henry VII of England came to the throne in 1485.

On 22 August 1485, Henry's army defeated Richard III's army at the Battle of Bosworth Field. When Richard III died in this battle, Henry VII became king. Other people also had a claim on the throne, and Henry did his best to stop them from taking it from him, either by executing them, putting them in prison, or trying to make friends of them, as he did with the Earl of Lincoln. Another step he took was to marry Elizabeth of York, the niece of King Richard III, who would herself have been the heir to the throne if she had not been a girl.

There were also people who pretended to be long-lost members of the royal family, so that they could try to take the throne. One of these was a little boy called Lambert Simnel, who looked very like Edward, Earl of Warwick. The real Earl of Warwick was Henry's prisoner, but this did not stop other people from believing that Lambert was him. The Earl of Lincoln rebelled against King Henry and raised an army to make Lambert king, thinking that he himself could rule the country. There was a battle, and the Earl of Lincoln was killed. Lambert Simnel was captured, but, because he was only a child, Henry spared his life and he became a royal servant.

Henry married Elizabeth of York, and by this action put an end to the Wars of the Roses. They had six children, but only four survived infancy:


Henry VII increased taxes so future kings would have enough money. People disliked that.

Henry VII died of tuberculosis in 1509 and was buried in Westminster Abbey. He was succeeded by his son, Henry VIII on 21 April 1509.

Dover, Kent

Dover is a town on the coast in Kent, in the United Kingdom. It was built by the Romans. There is a castle in Dover, called Dover Castle. It is the largest castle in England. The population is about 39,078. Throughout history, it has been an important port of Britain because it is the closest port to mainland Europe. The sea between Dover and the French port of Calais is called the Strait of Dover. It is the narrowest part of the English Channel at only wide.

The ferry port in Dover has ferries to Calais, France and Ostende, Belgium. Almost 45,000 people and 15,000 vehicles pass through the port every day. On of the largest tourist attractions around Dover are the White Cliffs of Dover.

Dover District Council is responsible for checking food for diseases when it comes through the port. 

The Romans first tried to invade Dover in 55BC, under Julius Caesar. They were forced back by the Celts, who fiercely defended the coastline. It was not until 43 AD, under the rule of Emperor Claudius, that Roman forces landed on British soil at Richborough and took control of the land as far as the northern border. Dover, then called DVBRIS, became the Romans' most important naval town.


Tonbridge

Tonbridge is a town in Kent in England. The River Medway runs through the town. A castle stands on the northern river bank in the middle of Tonbridge.

Tonbridge is linked by railways to London and Dover.

There are many secondary schools in the area. such as Tonbridge Grammar School

Inverness

Inverness is a city in the northern part of Scotland. It is often called the capital of the Highlands. It is on the A9 road. Inverness Airport is an important way to get to the Scottish Highlands.


Boycott

A boycott is a protest where the protesters do not buy a product or give money to a company. Instead of buying a certain product, they might also buy another, very similar product from a different company.

The word was made during the "Irish Land War"'. It comes from the name of Captain Charles Boycott. Boycott was in charge of looking after the land of a landlord in County Mayo, Ireland. In 1880, the tenants (those who rented) wanted their rent lowered. Boycott refused, and threw them out of the land they had rented. The Irish Land League then proposed that instead of becoming violent, everyone in the community should stop doing business with Captain Boycott. The captain was soon isolated. No one helped him with the harvest, no one worked in his stables or his house. Local businessmen no longer traded with him, the postman no longer delivered his post. 

To get his harvest done, he had to hire 50 people from other counties, the counties Cavan and Monaghan. They were escorted to and from their work by 1000 policemen. Of course, this cost far more than what the harvest was worth. 


Artificial

When something is artificial, or man-made, it has been made by humans, not nature. For example, an artificial satellite is one made by humans, while a natural satellite is a satellite that was not made by humans. Many artificial things imitate or copy things found in nature. The imitation may use the same basic materials as those in the natural object; or it may use quite different materials, as in Artificial leather. These are concepts in defining reality. There are different ideas about what can be considered artificial and what is natural.

The word "artificial" comes from the Latin words "art" (meaning "skill") and "fex" ("to make").

Artificial does not necessarily mean "synthetic" (that is, created by synthesis). An artificial sweetener imitates sweetness using a chemical formula that is not found in nature; it is therefore both artificial and synthetic.

Some disasters are natural, but some are man-made, like the Dust Bowl disaster in the United States.


King Arthur

King Arthur was a mythical king in the mythology of Great Britain. He lived in the medieval times, in his famous castle, Camelot. He possessed a sword known as Excalibur, given to him by the Lady of the Lake.

King Arthur is a fabled ruler of Sub-Roman Britain who defended his kingdom from the Anglo-Saxons. He is a popular fictional character in modern literature. He won several battles, and had many homes. However, his favorite home was in Camelot. In one of the most famous tales of King Arthur, he pulls a sword out of a stone, making him King of the Britons.

The first narrative account of Arthur's life is found in Geoffrey of Monmouth's Latin work "Historia Regum Britanniae" ("History of the Kings of Britain"), completed .

Many castles claim to be Arthur's Camelot, but the most likely one is Tintagel Castle, Cornwall (though there is no evidence for this). In Camelot sat the famous Round Table, where Arthur, his queen Guinevere, Merlin, Morgan le Fay, Sir Lancelot, Sir Gawain, Percival and many other valiant knights sat. Arthur and his knights went on many quests including The Quest For The Holy Grail, The Green Knight, The Black Knight and more.

After King Arthur's many adventures, his son Mordred seized his kingdom and queen, forcing Arthur to fight for what was truly his. They fought for a long time. Mordred hit King Arthur in many places, but in the end Arthur killed Mordred. After this victory, King Arthur was weak and died of blood loss from battle wounds. As his knights rode back to Camelot, they threw Excalibur into the lake so that it could return to where it came from. One legend says Arthur never died, and will return when the British need him. 

Many books have been written about King Arthur. Most of them involve Merlin, the Knights of the Round Table, and Morgan le Fay.

Geoffrey of Monmouth wrote the first book about Arthur in the 12th century. In the 15th century, Sir Thomas Malory wrote one of the best-known books about Arthur, called "Le Morte d’Arthur" ("The Death of Arthur"). Later, in the 19th century, Alfred, Lord Tennyson visited Tintagel, the mythical Camelot, twice. He wrote a series of poems about Arthur. 

Some stories about Arthur say he tried to find the Holy Grail, the cup that Jesus drank from at the Last Supper. 

There are also many movies about Arthur. These include Disney's "The Sword in the Stone; Monty Python and the Holy Grail; King Arthur (2004); King Arthur, The Kid Who Would Be King (2019); the Legend of the Sword (2017)"; and the musical "Camelot".

Johnny Appleseed

John "Johnny Appleseed" Chapman (September 26, 1774 - March 11, 1847) is an American folk hero. He was a Christian missionary and pioneer. His nickname came from the fact that he planted apple trees throughout the American Midwest. Many people consider him an early conservationist or "tree-hugger". He wandered the country, usually barefoot, and with a cooking pot on his head for most of his adult life, planting apple trees, teaching the Bible, telling stories, and befriending Native Americans, wild animals, and other settlers. Many stories have been told about him and his journeys, as well as art, books, and later movies, which makes him a folk hero. He was born in Leominster, Massachusetts and is buried in Johnny Appleseed Park in Fort Wayne, Indiana.

John Chapman is said to have been in the Wilkes-Barre region some time in the 1790s, practicing his profession as a nurseryman, but just when he embraced the Swedenborgian faith and began his missionary activities we cannot be sure, though it is probable that it was before he ever reached western Pennsylvania. There are some early accounts of John speaking of his own activities as "a Bible missionary" on the Potomac when he was a young man, and Johnny was seen for two or three consecutive years along the banks of the Potomac in eastern Virginia, picking the seeds from the pomace of the cider mills in the late 1790s.The apple seeds that Johnny obtained were free, as the cider mills wanted there to be more apple trees planted to improve their business.

At the time of his death, Johnny Appleseed left an estate of more than 1,200 acres of nurseries, and he left these to his sister. He additionally had four plots located in Allen County, Indiana, which was a nursery that included 15,000 trees. 

Records show that John Chapman appeared on Licking Creek, in what is now Licking County, Ohio, in 1800, when he was twenty-six years old. He had probably come up the Muskingum River to plant near the Refugee Tract, which would soon fill up with settlers, when Congress actually got around to granting the lands. In April, 1798, the Continental Congress had ratified resolutions to donate public lands for the benefit of those who had left Canada and Nova Scotia to fight against the British in the Revolutionary War. The lands were actually set apart in 1801 and patents issued in 1802. Grants of land ranging from 160 acres to 2,240 acres were awarded according to the exertions of the patentee in the War. Johnny, with true Yankee enterprise, went ahead and planted his nurseries before the refugees arrived. Licking County, then a part of Fairfield, contained only three white families. By the time families were ready to settle the area, Johnny's tracts of land were ready for market.


Compact disc

A compact disc, also called a CD is a storage device in the form of small plastic discs which store and retrieve computer data or music using light. Compact Discs replaced floppy disks because they were faster and could hold more information. The CDs made floppy disks become obsolete. CDs were invented by both Philips and Sony at the same time, but not together. Sony and Philips did work together to create a standard format and the technology to read CDs in 1982. CDs can hold up to 700 MB worth of data, which is about 80 minutes of music. Mini CDs were also made for special small programs like drivers. CDs that have computer information on them are called CD-ROMs, or Compact Disc - Read Only Memory. The diameter of a normal CD is 120 mm. The middle hole in a CD is about 1.5 cm).


Maidstone

Maidstone is a town in Kent, in England. It stands on the River Medway. Maidstone is the county town of Kent, meaning the local government is based there. Its name means "stone of the maidens". The town of Maidstone is within the borough of Maidstone, which also includes several surrounding villages. In 2001, 75,070 people lived in the town of Maidstone, and there were 138,959 in the whole of the Borough.

During the Civil War a battle took place in 1648, which was won by Oliver Cromwell's soldiers. A year later, Andrew Broughton, who was then Mayor of Maidstone (and also Clerk to the High Court of Justice) gave the death sentence to Charles I. Today there is a plaque in Maidstone Town Centre describing Andrew as 'Mayor and Regicide' (a killer of kings). 

Maidstone used to be an industrial area, with paper making and brewing being two of the most important industries, although both have mainly died out in recent years. Until 1998, Sharps Toffee factory was where Bassets liquorice allsorts and other sweets were made. Most of the heavy industry has now been replaced by light and service industries.
Today, Maidstone is one of the top five shopping centres in the south east of England, with more than one million square feet of retail space. Most of this is in two shopping areas, "Fremlin Walk", which was built on the site of one of the old breweries, is , and "The Mall Maidstone" provides another . Both include multi-story car parks.

Redhill

Redhill can mean several things:



C. S. Lewis

Clive Staples Lewis (29 November 1898 – 22 November 1963), usually called C. S. Lewis, was a British scholar who wrote about 40 books. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.

are usually apologetics, the defence of Christianity. Some of his most popular Christian writings were "Mere Christianity" and "The Screwtape Letters". His works have been translated into more than 30 languages. Lewis was a professor of literature at the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.

Lewis was married to American writer Joy Davidman (1915–1960) from 1956 until her death from bone cancer. He died of renal failure in Oxford. 

His writing is popular with many people, and many of his books were made into movies. His most famous and popular fantasy work is "The Chronicles of Narnia", which is a series of seven books.

He died in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England on 22 November 1963.


The Corrs

The Corrs is a folk pop rock band from Ireland. There are three sisters and one brother in the quartet. They became very popular in the late 1990s.

They were all born in Dundalk, Republic of Ireland, the children of Gerry and Jean Corr.

Jim Corr (born 31 July 1964) is the oldest member of the group. He mainly plays the guitar, but he can also play the on the keyboards and the piano.

Sharon Corr (born 24 March 1970) plays the violin, keyboards, and does backing vocals and vocals on her own (vocals means "singing").

Caroline Corr, (born 17 March 1973) plays the drums, the "percussion", the bodhran, the piano, and also does backing vocals.

Andrea Corr (born 17 May 1974) plays the tin whistle and does the lead vocals.

The Corrs created themselves in 1991 to try to get in the movie "The Commitments". Jim, Sharon, and Caroline got a small part as musicians, while Andrea got a speaking part as Sharon Rabbitte, sister of the main character. It was while they were trying out for this movie that they were noticed by their manager, John Hughes.

Their music has been released through Atlantic Records, a music company.

Their first album, "Forgiven, Not Forgotten", was most popular in Australia. They then did another album called "Talk On Corners", which was very popular in Ireland and Britain.





Aaron

Aaron is a person described in the Bible and the Qu'ran. He was the older brother of Moses. He helped Moses lead the Hebrews out of Egypt. In the Bible, he appeared very much in Exodus.

Aaron spoke for Moses, when he went to tell Pharaoh the King of Egypt everything God wanted Moses to say. The Lord said to Moses (Exodus 7:1 to 3), "See, I have made you like God to Pharaoh, and your brother Aaron will be your prophet. You are to say everything I command you, and your brother Aaron is to tell Pharaoh to let the Israelites go out of his country...".

Aaron's staff was used by the Lord a few times when trying to persuade the Pharaoh to let the Israelites go. The Lord ordered Moses and Aaron, "When Pharaoh says to you, 'Perform a miracle,' then say to Aaron, Take your staff and throw it down before Pharaoh', and it will become a snake." So Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and Aaron did so. Aaron's staff, according to the Bible, really became a snake and ate up all the other snakes that the Pharaoh's magicians had made. Also, Aaron's staff was used to make the Nile River all turn into blood. He "stretched it out", and the fish in the Nile died, and the river smelled; and the Egyptians could not drink the water, as it was recorded in the Bible.

Paula Abdul

Paula Julie Abdul (; born June 19, 1962) is an American singer and dancer. She had a string of hit songs and choreographed (planned) many dances for herself and others, including singer-songwriter Janet Jackson. Musically, she is known for her late-1980s number-one singles "Straight Up" and "Cold Hearted", along with the 1990s number-one hit "Opposites Attract". She won a Grammy Award for "Best Music Video – Short Form" for "Opposites Attract". She was a judge on the television show "American Idol" for its first eight seasons. She has a mezzo-soprano vocal range.

Abdul is Jewish.


Headlining

Co-headlining

Residency



Douglas Adams

Douglas Adams (11 March 1952 – 11 May 2001) was a British writer. He is most famous for his "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" series.

Adams was born in Cambridge. When he was a few months old he moved to East London and a few years later to Brentwood, Essex. He originally received attention when he wrote for the popular TV shows "Monty Python" and "Doctor Who" in the 1970s. In 1978 he wrote a science-fiction radio series called "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy". It was later turned into a novel. In the early 1980s, it became a television series and in 2005 it became a movie produced by Disney. Adams also wrote several sequels for radio and as novels. He was also known for his humorous detective novels starring Dirk Gently, and for his efforts to conserve endangered species. He was an atheist. In 2001, Adams died of a heart attack while he was working out at the gym in Montecito, California, United States.

Tom Arnold

Tom Arnold (born March 6, 1959) is an American actor and comedian. He was born in Ottumwa, Iowa. He became famous when he married Roseanne Barr in 1990, another comedian and star of the popular sitcom, "Roseanne", who he divorced in 1994. Recently, he was one of the original hosts of the talk show, "The Best Damn Sports Show Period!" on Fox Sports. In November 2009, he married Ashley Groussman.


Bea Arthur

Beatrice "Bea" Arthur (May 13, 1922 - April 25, 2009) was an American actress, comedian, and singer, best known for her roles in "Maude" and "The Golden Girls". She was Jewish.

Arthur was born in Brooklyn, New York City. Her parents were Philip and Rebecca Frankelin. She grew up in Cambridge, Maryland. After high school and the junior college she did an apprenticeship as a Medical Laboratory Technician and she was as a volunteer for the United States Marine Corps.

In 1946 she moved back to New York and studied acting with Erwin Piscator.

In the 1940s, she was married to author and producer Robert Alan Arthur.

In 1950, she married Gene Saks.


Dave Attell

Dave Attell (born January 18, 1965) is an American comedian and host of the TV show "Insomniac with Dave Attell", shown on Comedy Central in the United States.

Karel Appel

Christiaan Karel Appel (; 25 April 1921 – 3 May 2006) was a Dutch painter. He painted in the abstract expressionist style. He was known for his childlike style.

Randy Bachman

Randall Charles Bachman (born September 27, 1943 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian musician. He was a member of the rock groups The Guess Who and later Bachman–Turner Overdrive.


J. M. Barrie

Sir James Matthew Barrie, 1st Baronet, OM (9 May 1860 – 19 June 1937) was a Scottish writer. His best-known work is "Peter Pan".

Barrie was born in Kirriemuir. He died of pneumonia in London. 

Charon

Charon can mean:

Riga

Riga is the capital city of the European country of Latvia. Riga is on river Daugava near the Baltic Sea. The historical center of Riga is in the UNESCO World Cultural Heritage List and is notable for its Art Nouveau architecture, which, according to UNESCO, has no equal in the world. 

The mayor of Riga was Mārtiņš Staķis. He resigned in July 2023. 

The current mayor of Riga is Vilnis Ķirsis. He became the mayor on July 5, 2023.

The location of Riga was nearby a trade route from the Vikings to the Byzantine Empire. A sheltered harbor near the current location of Riga was created in the 2nd century. It was settled by a Finnic tribe called the Livonians.

During the early Middle Ages, Riga began to develop as a center for Viking trade. In 1158, Germans began visiting Riga. They created an outpost nearby.

The monk Meinhard of Segeberg arrived and tried to convert the Livonian pagans to Christianity.

founded in 1201. It was a castle of the Teutonic Order. He built a castle and a church close to Riga. Meinhard died in 1196, and the Livonians continued to practice Paganism. In 1198, Bishop Berthold arrived with some Crusaders and tried to force the Livonians to become Christian. However, Berthold soon died and the Crusaders were defeated.

Pope Innocent III declared a crusade against the Livonians. Bishop Albert became Bishop of Livonia in 1199. In 1200, Albert landed in Riga with 23 ships and 500 crusaders.

In 1282, Riga joined the Hanseatic League. This gave Riga economic and political stability.

In 1522, Riga joined the Protestant Reformation, which ended the power of the archbishops. After the end of the Livonian Order, Riga because a free imperial city as part of the Holy Roman Empire.

Riga came under the influence of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth after the Treaty of Drohiczyn in 1581. In 1621, Riga became part of the Swedish Empire after the Polish-Swedish War (1621-1625). Riga resisted a Russian siege during the Russo-Swedish War (1656–1658).

Between 1709 and 1710, the Russian Empire captured Riga, forcing the city to surrender. Riga retained most of their autonomy.

The German Army marched into Riga and captured it in 1917. In 1918 after the Russian surrender, Riga was made a part of the German Empire. On 11 November 1918, Germany surrendered and gave up Latvia. Latvia declared independence on 18 November. The United Kingdom and Germany were Latvia's main trading partners.

In 1940, Latvia was occupied by the Soviet Union. A rigged election took place in Latvia. Many anti-Soviet men were arrested and many others were deported. Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in 1941, and occupied Riga. During the invasion, Latvian Jews were brought into concentration camps. By the end of the war, most Jews were brought to Germany. The Soviet Union reclaimed Riga in 1944. Riga was made part of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic. Latvia gained independence from the Soviet Union in August of 1991. Riga became the capital of Latvia.

The Riga inhabitants are named “Rīdzinieki” on Latvian and “рижане”(rizhani) on Russian.

Most of the people by ethnic origin are Latvian (45%) and 40% are Russian. Historically the city had large German population. Among other ethnic groups there are Byelorussians, Poles and Jews.

In the 16th century, Riga was one of the largest cities on the Baltic Sea coast, with a population of about 16,000. The population fell to about 6000 in 1720, but grew rapidly later, reaching 517,000 in 1913. The world wars reduced the population. It reached its peak in 1990 — 909,135 people. 

During the Soviet period the Riga wagon building factory made a very big number of local trains.

The Latvian National Theatre is in Riga.

The are 8 tram and 18 trolley routes run by Rīgas Satiksme.



Pope John Paul II

Pope John Paul II (; ; ), sometimes called Saint John Paul or John Paul the Great, born Karol Józef Wojtyła (; 18 May 1920 – 2 April 2005), was the 264th Pope of the Catholic Church from 16 October 1978 to his death on 2 April 2005. He was the third longest-serving pope in history. As a Pole, he was the first non-Italian pope in 455 years. The last non-Italian pope was Pope Adrian VI, who died in 1523.

He is the first pope to have visited the White House, and a mosque. He traveled more than any other pope before him, visiting many of the countries of the world. He is also famous for starting the annual World Youth Day. His last youth day was Cologne, Germany in 2005. After he was beatified, his title was changed to Blessed John Paul II. John Paul II was canonized by Pope Francis on 27 April 2014 which means that the Polish Pope is now known as Saint John Paul II.

Karol Józef Wojtyła was born on 18 May 1920 in Wadowice, Poland. His parents were Karol Wojtyła, who was a military officer, and Emilia Kaczorowska, who was a seamstress. He was the youngest of three children. He was nine years old when his mother died in 1929. His father supported him so that he could study. His brother was a doctor. He died when Wojtyła was twelve. He lost everyone in his family - a sister, brother, mother, and father - before he became a priest. He played sports. He liked football (soccer) as a goalkeeper.

Wojtyła went to Marcin Wadowita high school in Wadowice. In 1938, he studied drama at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków. He worked as a volunteer librarian. He was an athlete, actor, and playwright. He did two months military training in the Academic Legion. This training was compulsory. He would not hold or fire a weapon.

When he was young, he met many Jewish people. They lived in that area. In 1939, Nazi forces closed the Jagiellonian University. All men, except for the disabled, had to have a job. From 1940 to 1944, Wojtyła worked in a restaurant. He also worked in a limestone quarry, and then as a salesman for a chemical factory. He did not want to be sent to Germany. If he was sent, he would be made to join the German army. His father died of a heart attack in February 1941.

On 29 February 1944, Wojtyła was knocked down by a German truck (lorry). He thought he would be badly treated. The German officers sent him to a hospital. He spent two weeks there with head and shoulder injuries. It was at this time that he decided that he must become a priest. When he left hospital, the young Polish men were being sent to Germany for training. He escaped to the house of the Archbishop. He hid there till after the war. On the night of 17 January 1945, the Germans left the city. The priests and teacher and students went back to the seminary. There was a big clean-up to be done. Wojtyła offered to clean out the lavatories.

That month, Wojtyła found a fourteen-year-old Jewish refugee named Edith Zierer. She was trying to reach her parents. She had collapsed from hunger. He gave her food and helped her go to the railway station. She did not hear of him again until the day came when he was elected Pope.

Karol Wojtyła was ordained as a priest by Cardinal Adam Stefan Sapieha on 1 November 1946.

In 1958, Wojtyła then became the youngest bishop in Poland at the age of 38. In 1962 he took part in the Second Vatican Council and helped write two very important documents. One was about Religious freedom and the other one was about the work of the church in the Modern World.

In 1963 Bishop Wojtyła became Archbishop of Kraków.

On 26 June 1967, Pope Paul VI raised Archbishop Wojtyła's rank to the rank of a cardinal.

John Paul II became Pope on 16 October 1978. John Paul II was the first non-Italian pope in 455 years. He was pope for 26 years, making him the second longest serving pope after Pope Pius IX who held the office for 31 years and seven months. He was also the first and only Slavic pope. John Paul II was the most traveled pope in history with 104 international trips.

During his lifetime he learned many foreign languages. He spoke Polish as his native language, and learned Latin and Ancient Greek in school. On the day that he officially became Pope, he spoke to people in Italian, English, German, French, Spanish, Czech and Portuguese. He also spoke a little Lithuanian, Hungarian, Russian and Ukrainian.

John Paul II beatified many people. This means that the Pope gave these people the title of "Blessed". One example is the painter Fra Angelico, who lived in the 1400s. After studying his life and teaching, it was decided that he should officially be called "the Blessed Fra Angelico". John Paul II gave more people the title of "Blessed" than any other pope in history. He also made many saints.

In 1984 John Paul II started World Youth Day which was first held in Rome and attended by about 300,000 people. Since then it has been held in a different country every year. It encourages young people to be faithful to God, and to live together in peace. Many millions of people have attended.

The first pope who traveled a lot was Pope Paul VI. Like him, John Paul II liked to travel. While he was pope, he made 105 trips, visiting 117 countries. In total he travelled more than 1.1 million km (725,000 miles). Wherever he went, he attracted large crowds. All these travels were paid by the money of the countries he visited and not by the Vatican.

One of John Paul II's earliest official visits was to his home country of Poland, in June 1979. There, he was always surrounded by happy, cheering crowds. The Pope wanted to bring freedom and human rights to his country. His visit encouraged Poles to oppose the communism, and in 1980 the Solidarity movement was born. On later trips to Poland, he made his message of support stronger. The Soviet Union had controlled Eastern Europe for many years. In 1989, Poland was the first country to begin to break free from the Soviet Union.

John Paul II went to places where other popes before him had already been, such as the United States, or The Holy Land. He also went to many countries that no pope had ever visited before. He was the first reigning pope to travel to the United Kingdom, where he met Queen Elizabeth II, the Supreme Governor of the Church of England.
In 1982, the Pope made a visit to Japan, and in 1984 to South Korea and Puerto Rico. He was the first pope to visit Cuba. During his visit in January 1998, he sharply criticized Cuba for not allowing people to freely express their religion. He also criticised the United States embargo against Cuba. In 2000, he became the first modern Catholic pope to visit Egypt, and met with the Coptic Pope, and the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria. He was the first Catholic Pope to visit and pray in an Islamic mosque, in Damascus, Syria in 2001. He visited Umayyad Mosque, where John the Baptist is believed to be buried.

In 1988 he made a trip to Lesotho to beatify Joseph Gérard. On 15 January 1995, during the 10th World Youth Day, he offered Mass to an estimated crowd of between four and eight million in Luneta Park, Manila, Philippines. This is considered to be the largest single event in Christian history.

After the attacks on 11 September 2001, even though people were worried about his safety, the Pope traveled to Kazakhstan and spoke to large audiences including many Muslims. He also went to Armenia, to participate in the celebration of the 1700 years of Christianity. He said Mass in local languages during some visits, including Kiswahili in Nairobi, Kenya in 1995 and in an Indonesian language in East Timor.

During his trips, the Pope always showed his devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary. He visited many shrines consecrated to her, notably Knock in Ireland, Licheń Stary in Poland, Fátima in Portugal, Guadalupe in Mexico and Lourdes in France.

On 13 May 1981, the Pope was shot twice in the abdomen by a Turkish national, Mehmet Ali Ağca. The pope was gravely injured. He barely survived the assassination attempt, and had to be treated in hospital for 20 days. The pope later visited Ağca in prison. He had forgiven him already. Exactly one year later he traveled to Fatima to thank Mary, Mother of God for saving his life.

On this trip there was a second attempt to his life. A follower of the French archbishop Marcel Lefebvre tried to hurt the Pope with a bayonet. He was overpowered by the bodyguards of the Pope. Lefevbre and his followers were against the decisions of the Second Vatican Council. After this the Pope often travelled in a bullet-proof trailer known as the "popemobile." 

John Paul died on Saturday, on the eve of the Divine Mercy Holiday, 2 April 2005. The official time of death on his death certificate was 9:37 pm, but a few sources reported 9:33 pm. The death certificate stated that when the Pope died, he had Parkinson's disease, with serious breathing difficulties. The Pope had tracheotomy surgery in mid February but it did not help and he lost weight. He also had an enlarged prostate, urinary infection and other problems. The cause of death were that his kidneys failed, causing blood poisoning and infection brought by septic shock. John Paul II spoke his final words, “pozwólcie mi odejść do domu Ojca”, (“Let me depart to the house of the Father”), to his aides, and fell into a coma about four hours later.

The Pope's medical team used heart-monitoring machinery for more than 20 minutes, so his real and true time of death was at 9:15 PM Vatican time. As tradition demands, his name was called three times. When there was no reply, his papal ring was broken, which meant the end of John Paul II's papacy (reign as pope).

Many people claimed to have been specially blessed by the reign of Pope John Paul II. Many people thought he should be given the title "Blessed". This usually takes at least five years (and may take hundreds of years). On 13 May 2005, Pope Benedict XVI cut short the usual 5-year wait for the beatification process to begin. The only other time (in recent history) that this has happened was for Mother Theresa, who was made Blessed Mother Theresa by John Paul II. It was announced on 14 January 2011, that John Paul II would be beatified on 1 May 2011 (Divine Mercy Sunday).
According to the Vatican, Pope John Paul II's remains (which will not be exhumed and exposed) will be moved from the grotto beneath St. Peter's Basilica, where he is presently buried, to a marble stone monument in Pier Paolo Cristofari's Chapel of St. Sebastian, which is where Blessed Pope Innocent XI is currently buried; Blessed Pope Innocent's remains will likely be moved. This more prominent location, next to the Chapel of the Pieta, the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament and statues of Popes Pius XI and Pius XII, will increase the number of pilgrims capable of viewing his memorial.
“ It will be a great joy for us when he is officially beatified, but as far as we are concerned he is already a Saint. ” —Stanisław Dziwisz [189]

On 30 September 2013, Pope Francis said that John Paul, together with Pope John XXIII, would be made saints on 27 April 2014. This was the first time two popes have been made saints on the same day.

His feast day is celebrated on 22 October.

John Paul II was generally against communism. He was also a critic of capitalism that was not controlled and he did not want people's basic rights to be oppressed by world governments. He officially condemned aspects of Liberation theology. He was against abortion and contraception in general. As head of the largest Christian group, John Paul II taught a conservative theological view of human sexuality. On the subject he wrote 130 topics called the Theology of the Body. He was against homosexuality, and in favour of people starting families as one husband and one wife. But he said that homosexuals have the same inherent dignity and rights as everybody else. On 30 April 2000, John Paul instituted a Divine Mercy Holiday, according to the teachings of Saint Faustyna Kowalska and on that day she was also proclaimed a Saint of the Catholic Church. The Feast of the Mercy of God is continuously growing worldwide. John Paul is also remembered for his devotion to the Consecrated Holy Communion, the Holy Body and Blood of Christ.

During John Paul's time as pope, the church was involved in a large number of claims about child sexual abuse by priests. There are many people who believe that the Church, and therefore the Pope, knew about these claims and tried to cover them up. For example, in 1996 the Irish bishops decided that priests suspected of child abuse must be reported to the police. The Vatican sent a letter to the bishops that they were not to report such cases. The letter was from future Pope Benedict XVI - whom John Paul II had asked to handle such cases. John Paul II is also claimed to have got a cardinal to send a thank you letter to a French bishop who had refused to report a priest to the police. In 2001 John Paul II sent out a special letter saying that the abuse of children by priests was a very serious crime, and should be strictly punished. Some Catholics wanted the process for making John Paul II a saint stopped, until there was an investigation into his role in keeping secret information about bad priests.



Marvel Comics

Marvel Comics is an American comic book company that makes "superhero" comic books. Marvel was started in 1939 by Martin Goodman as Timely Comics, and by 1951 had generally become known as Atlas Comics. The Marvel era began in 1961, the year that the company launched "The Fantastic Four" and other superhero titles created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko and many others. In 2009, The Walt Disney Company bought Marvel for US$4 billion. Its top rival is DC Comics (the publications of Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman). 

The company is known for featuring such well-known characters as Spider-Man, Hulk, Wolverine, X-Men, Captain America, Iron Man, Thor, Fantastic Four, Daredevil, Punisher, the Avengers, among others. The majority of its publications take place within the fictional Marvel Universe, with most locations mirroring real-life places; many major characters are based in New York City. Additionally, Marvel has published several licensed properties from other companies. This includes "Star Wars" comics twice from 1977 to 1986 and again since 2015.

Marvel Comics has adapted its characters to different forms of media, including action figures, movies, television series, and video games, which have made them even more popular.

Marvel Comics began life as "Timely Publications" in 1939, with comic books featuring Captain America, Namor the Sub-Mariner and an early version of Human Torch. Legendary comics writer Stan Lee was hired as an office assistant in 1939. Within two years, the 19-year-old Lee was promoted to editor of the Marvel Comics line, a post that he would keep until 1972.

Everything changed in 1961, when Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby ushered in "The Marvel Age of Comics" by creating "The Fantastic Four" which brought a new style of superhero comic that focused on the characters' internal drama as well as their heroic adventures. The style was a huge success, and the Lee/Kirby team went on to create the Incredible Hulk, Iron Man, the Mighty Thor, the X-Men, the Avengers, and the Inhumans. The prolific Lee worked with artist Steve Ditko to create Marvel's greatest success story, Spider-Man. Stan Lee's Marvel revolution extended beyond the characters and storylines to the way in which comic books engaged the readership and built a sense of community between fans and creators.

Marvel Comics have been translated all over the world, and in many languages, most notably in Europe ("Arédit" and "Marvel France" imprints) and Québec, Canada ("Éditions Héritage").

Today, Marvel's heroes are blockbuster stars on the silver screen; with Spider-Man, Iron Man, the X-Men, Wolverine, Deadpool, Captain America, the Hulk, the Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Ant-Man and numerous others becoming regular features of the summer movie season. Additionally, heroes like the Defenders, the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Runaways, Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, the Punisher and others have found success on the small screen.

Located in New York City, Marvel has had successive headquarters:

 

Lincoln, Nebraska

The city of Lincoln is the capital city of Nebraska, United States. Only Omaha has more people of any city in Nebraska. Lincoln is also the county seat of Lancaster County and the home of the University of Nebraska. Lincoln's 2020 Census population was 291,082.

Lincoln was founded in 1856 as the village of Lancaster. It became the county seat of the newly created Lancaster County in 1859. The capital of Nebraska Territory had been Omaha since the start of the territory in 1854. Most of the territory's population lived south of the Platte River. After much of the territory south of the Platte became a part of Kansas, the legislature voted to move the capital south of the river and as far west as possible. They made the village of Lancaster the new capital, in part due to the salt flats and marshes.

People from Omaha tried to stop the move by renaming Lancaster after the recently killed President Abraham Lincoln. Many of the people south of the river had wanted the Confederate to win the recent Civil War. These people thought that the legislature would not approve the move if the future capital were named after Lincoln. The plan did not work, as Lancaster was renamed Lincoln and also became the state capital upon Nebraska's admission to the Union on March 1, 1867. The people either liked or disliked the new name depending on how they felt about the Civil War.
Nebraska State Capitol was designed by Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue and constructed between 1922 and 1932. The capitol building is a skyscraper topped by a golden dome. The tower is crowned by a 6-meter (20 ft) statue of a farmer sowing grain on a pedestal of wheat and corn, to represent the state's agricultural heritage. City zoning rules prevent any other building from rivaling it in height, making it a landmark not only within the city but for the surrounding area. Inside, there are many paintings and iridescent murals showing Native American heritage and the history and culture of the early pioneers who settled Nebraska. It is the second tallest U.S. State Capitol building behind the Louisiana State Capitol building in Baton Rouge.

In March of 2023, Red Way was announced to start operating from Lincoln Airport, but, in August of 2023, because the airline was running out of money, the airline decided to shut down.

Lincoln has a humid continental climate ("Dfa" in the Köppen climate classification).

Nuclear fission

Nuclear fission is a kind of nuclear reaction. It is when an atom splits apart into smaller atoms. Some fission reactions give off a lot of energy, and are used in nuclear weapons and nuclear reactors. Nuclear fission was discovered in December 1938 by physicists Lise Meitner and Otto Frisch, who observed a uranium nucleus splitting in two. Although they originally thought the two tiny resulting nuclei were barium isotopes, what Meitner and Frisch truly saw was a process that would revolutionize nuclear chemistry: nuclear fission

An atom is the smallest particle which makes up a chemical element (e.g. hydrogen, oxygen, magnesium). All atoms are very small. Atoms are made of three components or particles: Protons, neutrons and electrons. The protons and neutrons are clumped together in a ball called a nucleus, at the center of every atom. The electrons orbit around the nucleus in its 'electron cloud'. Elements which have large nuclei, such as uranium and plutonium, can be made to fission. 

If a (relatively) very large atomic nucleus is hit by a slow-moving neutron, it will sometimes become unstable and break into two nuclei. When the nucleus breaks apart (or fissions) it releases energy, mostly as gamma rays and heat. It also causes some neutrons to be released from the nucleus.

For a few isotopes (an atom with the same amount of protons but a different amount of neutrons) such fission can release many neutrons. If those neutrons then hit other atoms, they will make the other atoms split. This can happen again and again. This is called a nuclear chain-reaction, and it can release huge amounts of energy. Nuclear chain-reactions occur most commonly with Uranium-235. The splitting of Uranium-235 is started when a neutron is slammed into its positively charged nucleus. This results in two lighter isotopes (Barium-141 and Krypton-92), whose total mass is less than that of the original Uranium isotope. The “mass defect” is converted into various forms of energy. A neutron is also released, triggering the chain reaction as each additional neutron causes further collisions with existing Uranium isotopes. 

This reaction can occur "spontaneously" if the original nucleus is highly unstable. The resulting products are radioactive isotopes, but do not release enough energy to generate usable power or make a bomb due to the lack of a chain reaction. 
In a nuclear bomb, this must happen very quickly to make a very big explosion. The amount of energy released in the explosion is measured in kilotons. One kiloton is the same as the energy of one thousand tons of trinitrotoluene.
In a nuclear reactor this must happen slowly to make heat. The heat is used to boil water into steam, which turns a steam turbine to generate electricity.


1903

1903 (MCMIII) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar.









Fantastic Four

The Fantastic Four is a team of superheroes. The team originally first appeared in a series of comic books created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. It was published by Marvel Comics starting in 1961. They also appeared in several cartoons and films as well. 

The members of the group are scientist Reed Richards, his girlfriend/wife Sue Storm, her teenage brother Johnny Storm, and Ben Grimm, a friend of them. While test flying a rocket ship, they are affected by cosmic rays, and gain superpowers. Richards becomes "Mr. Fantastic" who can stretch his limbs and body for long distances and sizes. Sue became the "Invisible Girl/Woman" who could make herself invisible, create force fields, and other things. Johnny transformed into the "Human Torch" who can become a giant ball of fire. Ben turned into a rock-like creature with super-strength, called "The Thing". 

They decide to use these powers for good and work from their laboratory in a New York City skyscraper.

The team has been featured into differents forms of media, including, toys, television series, movies, and video games. Live-action movies include "Fantastic Four" (2005), "" (2007), and "Fantastic Four" (2015).

Bob Barker

Robert William "Bob" Barker (December 12, 1923 – August 26, 2023) was an American television game show host and animal rights activist. He was best known for hosting CBS's "The Price is Right" from 1972 to 2007 and for hosting "Truth or Consequences" from 1956 to 1974.

Barker was born Robert William Barker on December 12, 1923 in Darrington, Washington. He was of Sioux descent.

Barker met his future wife, Dorothy Jo Gideon, at an Ella Fitzgerald concert while he was attending high school in Missouri; they began dating when he was 15. He went to Drury College (now Drury University) in Springfield, Missouri.

Barker started hosting "Truth or Consequences" on December 31, 1956. He continued with the program until 1974. On December 4, 1957, Barker began hosting a new Ralph Edwards creation, the short-lived "End of the Rainbow" for NBC. 

On September 4, 1972, Barker began hosting the CBS revival of "The Price Is Right". On October 15, 1987, Barker did what other MCs almost never did: he stopped using hair dye and allowed his hair to turn gray.

On October 31, 2006, Barker made his announcement that he would retire from "The Price Is Right" in June 2007. He taped his last episode on June 6, 2007. The show aired twice on June 15.

Barker acted as himself in the 1996 Adam Sandler comedy movie "Happy Gilmore".

Barker won nineteen Daytime Emmy Awards.

Barker broke Johnny Carson's record for continuous performances on the same network television show, appearing for a total of twenty-nine years. At the time of his retirement at aged 83, Barker held the record of oldest person to host a regularly scheduled game show.

Barker married Dorothy Jo Gideon in 1945. He had no children. Despite retiring from television, Barker was an active animal rights activist. In 1993, Dian Parkinson sued Barker for sexual harassment and the lawsuit was dropped in 1995.

Barker was a skin cancer survivor. On September 17, 2010, Barker collapsed at an L.A. shooting range. He was treated at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center for an adverse drug reaction and released.

Barker died on August 26, 2023 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 99. The cause of death was problems caused by Alzheimer's disease.


Connect Four

Connect Four is a simple game. To win, players must put four of the same color markers in the yellow square so that they touch. 

Example:

0= White Marker

o= Black Marker

An example of winning connect four: the player can see the 4 o's all connected together in a pattern.

oooo

An example of a move that does not let the player win:

0oo0

Nintendo DS

The Nintendo DS (also known as the DS, or NDS) is a handheld game console from Nintendo. Development began in mid-2002 and it was first released in 2004. The DS is a small machine that can fold open to reveal two screens. One screen is a touchscreen, which lets people play video games made just for the Nintendo DS. The system comes with two styluses, which are used to touch the screen. 
The Nintendo DS was discontinued in 2013.

The games are stored on small cartridges, which are like memory card chips from digital cameras. Like most Nintendo game systems, the DS loads a game quickly. The "DS" has many new features. It has a new surround sound system. The "DS" (as well as the DS Lite) also plays games made for the Game Boy Advance (only single-player mode). However, the "DS" cannot play Game Boy or Game Boy Color games.

The Nintendo DS has a successor, the Nintendo 3DS, which has two screens like the Nintendo DS. It can also play games made for the Nintendo DS.

The Nintendo DS was a rival of Sony's PlayStation Portable. They fought for sales in the seventh generation era. However, both Nintendo and Sony have said that their products were aimed at different people. The DS has currently sold more units than the PSP has. In 2011, the DS briefly held the record for best-selling game console.

Another rival was the iPod touch made by Apple. Unlike Nintendo and Sony, Apple said that the iPod touch is better than the other systems, because it has more multimedia features along with being a game system. The Nintendo DS is used mainly to play games.

Nintendo later made a newer version of the Nintendo DS, known as the Nintendo DS Lite. It was first announced on January 26, 2006 and released on March 2, 2006 in Japan, on June 1, 2006 in Australia, on June 11, 2006 in North America, on June 23, 2006 in Europe, and on January 18, 2007 in South Korea.

The DS Lite can play the same games as the DS. It is smaller, lighter, and has brighter screens. Because of its design, the Game Boy Advance games stick out when they are put in Slot 2. The second slot also comes with a cover for players to put inside when they are not using the slot. The DS Lite was made in white, black, pink, blue, red, and silver colors. This console was later made in other colors, such as metallic rose, metallic silver, and black with white.

On October 2, 2008, Nintendo announced a third model, the Nintendo DSi. It was released in Japan in 2008 and in 2009/2010 worldwide. It is bigger, thinner, and brighter than the DS Lite. It has an SD card slot, which is used to download games online. The Game Boy Advance slot was removed, which caused some disappointment when it came out. 

Nintendo announced another model in the DS family called the Nintendo DSi XL (called Nintendo DSi LL in Japan). Announced on October 29, 2009, it was released in Japan in 2009 and in 2010 worldwide. It is the biggest, heaviest, widest, and brightest of the Nintendo DS systems. It has the same features as the DSi.

The Nintendo DS has had many games made for it. Some games, such as Super Mario 64 DS, came out on the same day as the Nintendo DS. Some of the "DS"'s best-selling games are "Nintendogs", "Super Mario 64 DS", "Mario Kart DS", "New Super Mario Bros.", "Brain Age", "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl, and ".

There are many accessories for the Nintendo DS, including different coloured styluses and protective cases. Some protective cases include the highly durable Nerf cases. Most "DS" systems have a screen protector and a car adapter used to charge the "DS" in a car.

In total, the "DS" family had sold 154.9 million units as of July 15, 2021, making it the best-selling handheld system of all time, and the best-selling Nintendo console. Overall, it is the second best-selling system behind the PlayStation 2.

Sam Neill

Nigel James Dermot "Sam" Neill (born 14 September 1947) is a New Zealand actor. He has been in lots of movies. Neill has been in "Jurassic Park", "Dead Calm", "Event Horizon", "Sirens" and lots of other very famous movies. In recent years, he appeared in "" (2017) and "Peter Rabbit" (2018).

Neill was born on 14 September 1947 in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland to a New Zealander father and English mother. He moved to New Zealand in 1954. He studied at Christ's College, Canterbury and at University of Canterbury. Neill was married to Lisa Harrow until they divorced in 1989. Then he was married to Noriko Watanabe. He has two children. Neill has New Zealand and Irish citizenships.

In March 2023, Neill revealed that he had been having chemotherapy treatment after being diagnosed with stage 3 T cell lymphoma, a type of blood cancer.


1928

The year 1928 (MCMXXIII) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian calendar. It was also a leap year starting on Saturday on the Julian calendar. This is before Tuesday, January 1, 1929, with an adoption of the Gregorian calendar from every state in the entire world.














Meteor

A meteor is what you see when a space rock falls to Earth. It is often known as a shooting star or falling star and can be a bright light in the night sky, though most are faint. A few survive long enough to hit the ground. That is called a meteorite, and a large one sometimes leaves a hole in the ground called a crater. 

A rock that has not yet hit the atmosphere is called a meteoroid. Meteoroids may range in size from large pieces of rock to tiny dust particles floating in space that did not form planets. When the meteoroids enter Earth's atmosphere they are usually going faster than the Earth's escape velocity of 13 km/sec or Mach 40. This makes them heat up and usually break apart. When the heat makes them glow, they are known as meteors.

Meteors are distinct from comets or asteroids, but some, especially those associated with meteor showers, are dust particles that came out of comets.

There are several types of meteorites including: stony, carbonaceous chondrites, and iron-nickel. Stony meteorites are named because they are largely made up of stone-like mineral material. Carbonaceous chondrites have a high carbon content. Iron-nickel meteorites are mostly iron often with significant nickel as well.

Meteorites happened often during the Late Heavy Bombardment. Nowadays they sometimes hurt people and property. The 2013 Russian meteor event did the most damage. Large meteorite strikes may have played a part in several of the mass extinctions, and so indirectly on the course of evolution. (see K/T extinction event; List of extinction events; Chicxulub crater)

Chondrites are stony (non-metallic) meteorites that are as old as the Solar System: 4.55 billion years. They sometimes contain amino acids and other organic molecules.

They have not been modified due to melting or other disturbances. They are formed when various types of dust and small grains that were present in the early solar system accreted to form primitive asteroids. They are the most common type of meteorite that falls to Earth: they are about 85 or 86 percent of all meteorites. 

Their study gives clues about the origin and age of the Solar System, the synthesis of organic compounds, the origin of life or the presence of water on Earth. Chondrites can be differentiated from iron meteorites by their low iron and nickel content.
In 2021, a meteorite crashed on the Gloucestershire town of Winchcombe. It contained water that was a near-perfect match for that on Earth. The meteorite was picked up soon after it landed. This is a suggested source for the water on Earth.

About 8 percent of meteorites show signs of melting and recrystallizing. They look rather like basalt or granite.

Iron meteorites are meteorites made of an iron–nickel alloy. They are about 6 percent of all meteorites. This comes from the inner cores of early small proto-planets. The iron found in iron meteorites was one of the earliest sources of usable iron, before humans invented smelting. That signalled the beginning of the iron age. Iron meteorites are easily found, because they are one of the most common resources in space.

Siderolites are stony-iron meteorites that have almost equal parts of iron and silicates. They are quite rare: only about 1 percent of all meteorites are siderolites.


Similarity

Similarity can mean:

In mathematics:

In computer science:

In other fields:


Notepad

Notepad is a word processing program, which allows changing of text in a computer file. Notepad was created by the Microsoft corporation. It is a text editor, a very simple word processor. It has been a part of Microsoft Windows since 1985. The program has options such as changing the font, the font size, and the font style. The most common use for Notepad is to view or change (edit) text (.txt) files, though .dat and .ini files can be changed in Notpad as well. Many users find Notepad a simple program for creating webpages.

Unlike using special software programs to create webpages, a Notepad user must write their webpages directly in the HTML markup language.

Max Planck

Max Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck (April 23, 1858 in Kiel – October 4, 1947 in Göttingen) was a physicist from Germany. He discovered quantum mechanics. He won the Nobel Prize in physics.

Planck came from an old fashioned, intelligent family. His great-grandfather and grandfather were both theology professors in Göttingen; his father was a law professor in Kiel and Munich; and his paternal uncle was a judge.
Planck was born in Kiel, Holstein, to Johann Julius Wilhelm Planck and his second wife, Emma Patzig. He was baptised with the name of "Karl Ernst Ludwig Marx Planck"; of his given names, "Marx" (a now not used variant of "Markus" or maybe simply an error for "Max", which is actually short for "Maximilian") was indicated as the primary name. However, by the age of ten he signed with the name "Max" and used this for the rest of his life.

He was the sixth child in the family, although two of his brothers and sisters were from his father's first marriage. Among his earliest memories was the marching of Prussian and Austrian troops into Kiel during the Danish-Prussian war of 1864. In 1867 the family moved to Munich, and Planck enrolled in the Maximilians gymnasium school, where he came under the tutelage of Hermann Müller, a mathematician who took an interest in the youth, and taught him astronomy and mechanics as well as mathematics. It was from Müller that Planck first learned the principle of conservation of energy. Planck graduated early, at age 17. This is how Planck first came in contact with the field of physics.


Jay Leno

James Douglas Muir "Jay" Leno (; born April 28, 1950) is an American comedian, actor, screenwriter, producer, television host and television presenter.

Leno was born James Douglas Muir Leno in New Rochelle, New York on April 28, 1950. His mother Catherine (née Muir; 1911–1993) was a homemaker. She was born in Greenock, Scotland and came to the United States at the age of 11. Leno's father, Angelo (1910–1994), was an insurance salesman, who was born in New York, to immigrants from Flumeri, Italy. Leno grew up in Andover, Massachusetts and even though his high school guidance counselor recommended that he drop out of school, he later obtained a Bachelor's degree in speech therapy from Emerson College, where he started a comedy club in 1973. Leno's only sibling was his late older brother Patrick, who was a Vietnam veteran and a lawyer.

Leno worked on late night television. He became host of "The Tonight Show" in 1992 when Johnny Carson retired. In 2007, during the writer's strike, Leno sided with the writers, even though he returned to his show after two months (without the writers besides himself) so that his staff would not be out of work. Despite leading the late-night ratings, he was forced out as host of the Tonight Show in 2009 to make way for Conan O'Brien. On March 1, 2010, became "The Tonight Show" host once again, because of poor ratings with both himself and Conan O'Brien. Leno hosted his last episode of the Tonight Show on February 6, 2014.

He was a star of a primetime comedy show, "The Jay Leno Show", which ran from September 14, 2009 to February 9, 2010.

He guest-starred twice on the Nickelodeon TV series "The Fairly OddParents" as the Crimson Chin. His character's name uses the fact that Leno has a large and square chin.

Since 1980, Leno has been married to Mavis Leno; they have no children. Leno is dyslexic.

<br>

Vancouver

Vancouver is a coastal city and major seaport on the mainland of southwestern British Columbia, Canada. The city has a population of over 630,000 and is the largest city in British Columbia. Metro Vancouver has a population of over 2 million people. That makes it the third largest metropolitan area in Canada. Vancouver has a mix of people from different cultures. Fifty-two percent of city residents have a first language that is not English.

Native People began living in this area around 10,000-8,000 years ago. These people were part of three main groups: the Squamish, Musqueam, and Tsleil-Waututh.

Vancouver was founded in 1886, and is named after British naval captain George Vancouver. Captain Vancouver explored the area around Vancouver and Vancouver Island in the 1790s.

The University of British Columbia is in Vancouver.

Vancouver also has Stanley Park which has beaches and totem poles. Nearby is Grouse Mountain which has good skiing and has a 2.9 km (1.8 mi.) hiking trail which is known as the Grouse Grind. Grouse Mountain also has an animal sanctuary, including wolves and bears.

The Lions Gate Bridge is also in Stanley Park, Vancouver.

Vancouver has two ice hockey teams, the Vancouver Canucks (who play for the National Hockey League) and the Vancouver Giants (who play for the Western Hockey League).

The BC Lions of the Canadian Football League are based in Vancouver. The team has won 6 Grey Cups.

In soccer, Vancouver is home to the Vancouver Whitecaps FC. They play in the Major League Soccer (MLS).

The 2010 Winter Olympics were held in Vancouver and it was the first time Canada won a gold medal on Canadian soil.

Vancouver is on a peninsula on the West Coast of Canada, less than a one-hour drive north of the Canada-U.S. border.
Between Vancouver and the Pacific Ocean to the west is a large island called Vancouver Island. Until the city was named in 1885, "Vancouver" referred to Vancouver Island. Some people mistakenly think that the city is on Vancouver Island. 
On the south shore of Vancouver is the Fraser River, which flows west into the Strait of Georgia. The water along the north shore is called Burrard Inlet.
The city has an area of 114 square kilometres (44 sq mi). The larger metropolitan area is 2,878 square kilometres (1,111 sq mi).
As with most of British Columbia, Vancouver is in the Pacific Time Zone (UTC−8).

Vancouver has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification). The average precipitation per year is 1189 mm, mostly from October to April. High temperatures in the summer average 22 °C. The highest temperature ever recorded was 34.4 °C on July 30, 2009. On average, snow falls on only 11 days per year. The snow is usually wet, not very deep, and melts in the rain. On average, on only 4.5 days a year does the temperature not rise above freezing.
Vancouver has had a housing affordability crisis for many years. It came in as the second-least affordable housing market compared with 90 other metropolitan areas in different countries. The only place considered less affordable was Hong Kong.

Vancouver has been criticized for saying that it provides many social housing units to residents. However "social housing" can refer to small apartments renting for $1,700 per month. There are people with household incomes of up to $120,000 living in "social housing" in Vancouver.

The government has been attempting to address the housing crisis situation by imposing a series of taxes such as the Foreign-buyers tax and Empty Homes Tax in 2016 and Speculation tax in 2018.

Rents in Vancouver were very high, and apartment vacancies were very low in 2019.





Halifax

Halifax (demonym Haligonian) may refer to:















Nunavut

Nunavut is a territory in Canada. It is the newest, largest, and northernmost territory of Canada. It was founded in 1999 when many Inuit living in the Northwest Territories wanted to have an independent province and government. Its capital is named Iqaluit. It is in the north of Canada, and has a particularly cold climate for much of the year. It has many native people (mainly Inuit).

The main form of transportation is the snowmobile. For the first week of being a separate unit, it was the Province of Nunavut, but after a week it was renamed Nunavut Territory.

A symbol of the territory is the Eskimo Dog (""). Even today, some people still use these dogs.

Steve Martin

Stephen Glenn Martin (born August 14, 1945) is an American comedian, actor, writer, producer, and musician.

Martin was born in Waco, Texas to Glenn Vernon Martin, a real estate salesman and aspiring actor, and Mary Lee Stewart, a housewife. Martin was raised in Inglewood, California and Garden Grove, California. He is of English, French, German, Irish and Scottish descent.

As a teenager, Martin started out working at the Magic Shop at Disneyland. There he developed his talents for magic, juggling, playing the banjo and creating balloon animals. He teamed up with friend and Garden Grove High School classmate Kathy Westmoreland to do a musical comedy routine. They performed at local coffee houses and at the Bird Cage Theater in Knott's Berry Farm. Martin attended Santa Ana College at the same time as actress Diane Keaton.

Martin majored in philosophy at California State University, Long Beach, but dropped out. His time there changed his life:

"It changed what I believe and what I think about everything. I majored in philosophy. Something about non-sequiturs appealed to me. In philosophy, I started studying logic, and they were talking about cause and effect, and you start to realize, 'Hey, there is no cause and effect! There is no logic! There is no anything!' Then it gets real easy to write this stuff, because all you have to do is twist everything hard—you twist the punch line, you twist the non-sequitur so hard away from the things that set it up, that it's easy... and it's thrilling."

Martin's girlfriend in 1967 was a dancer on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour". She helped Martin get a writing job with the show by submitting his work to head writer Mason Williams. Williams initially paid Martin out of his own pocket. Along with the other writers for the show, Martin won an Emmy Award in 1969. Martin also wrote for John Denver (a neighbor of his in Aspen, Colorado at one point), The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour, and The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour. He also appeared on these shows and several others, in various comedy skits.

Martin also performed his own material, sometimes as an opening act for groups such as The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band and The Carpenters. He appeared at San Francisco's The Boarding House among other places. He continued to write, earning an Emmy nomination for his work on Van Dyke and Company in 1976.

Martin says comedians like Smothers Brothers, George Carlin, Jerry Lewis, Redd Foxx, Woody Allen, George Burns, Jack Benny, Monty Python and Richard Pryor are influences.

In the mid-1970s, he made appearances as a stand-up comedian on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. That exposure, together with appearances on HBO's On Location and NBC's Saturday Night Live led to his first of four comedy albums, "Let's Get Small". The album was a huge success. His next album, "A Wild and Crazy Guy", was a bigger success. It reached the #2 spot on the sales chart in the United States. It created a catch phrase (the album's title). It was based on a skit in which Martin and Dan Aykroyd played a couple of bumbling Czechoslovakian playboys. The album was a million seller. Both albums won Grammys for Best Comedy Recording in 1977 and 1978 respectively.

Martin's first movie was a short, "The Absent-Minded Waiter" (1977). The seven-minute long movie, also featuring Buck Henry and Teri Garr, was written by and starred Martin. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film, Live Action. His first feature movie appearance was in the musical "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". He sang the Beatles' "Maxwell's Silver Hammer".

In 1979, Martin wrote and starred in his first full-length movie, "The Jerk", directed by Carl Reiner. The movie was a huge success, grossing over $73 million. Martin was in three more Reiner-directed comedies after "The Jerk": "Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid" in 1982, "The Man with Two Brains" in 1983 and "All of Me" in 1984. In 1986, Martin joined fellow Saturday Night Live veterans Martin Short and Chevy Chase in "¡Three Amigos"!, directed by John Landis.

In 1986, Martin was in the musical movie version of the hit off-Broadway play "Little Shop of Horrors" as a sadistic dentist, Orin Scrivello.

In 1987, Martin joined comedian John Candy in the John Hughes movie, "Planes, Trains and Automobiles". That same year, the Cyrano de Bergerac adaptation "Roxanne" won him a Writers Guild of America award. In 1988, he did "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" with Michael Caine and directed by Frank Oz.

In 2005, Martin wrote and starred in "Shopgirl". Martin played a wealthy businessman who strikes up a romance with a Saks 5th Avenue counter girl (Claire Danes). He also starred in "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" that year. He was in the 2006 remake of "The Pink Panther".

Richard Attenborough

Richard Samuel Attenborough, Baron Attenborough, (; 29 August 1923 – 24 August 2014) was an English movie producer, director and actor. 

He was born in Cambridge, England. Attenborough left his home when he was 17 to attend the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London. He earned his first West End theatre role, then went to national stardom in the play "Brighton Rock". 

Attenborough later became a producer and director. He produced and directed the movie "Gandhi". Attenborough said that the movie "Gandhi" was his dream project and waited years to make it. "Gandhi" won 5 British Academy Awards and 8 American Oscars. In 1983 he won the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. In his movie roles, he is mostly known for his roles in "The Great Escape" and in "Jurassic Park". He was the older brother of naturalist David Attenborough.

After years of poor health, Attenborough died in London of heart failure on 24 August 2014, five days before his 91st birthday.

Robin Williams

Robin McLaurin Williams (July 21, 1951 – August 11, 2014) was an American actor and stand-up comedian. He first became famous on the television show "Mork and Mindy". He starred in many movies.

On August 11, 2014, Williams was found dead in his home. His death was believed to have been a suicide by asphyxiation.

Williams was born in Chicago, Illinois on July 21, 1951. His father Robert Fitzgerald Williams (September 10, 1906 – October 18, 1987) worked for Ford Motor Company. His mother Laura McLaurin (née Smith, September 24, 1922 – September 4, 2001) was a former model from New Orleans, Louisiana. His great-great-grandfather on his mother's side was Mississippi senator and governor Anselm J. McLaurin. Williams' ancestors were English, Welsh, Irish, Scottish, German, and French.

When he was young, Williams lived in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan and in Marin County, California. He studied at Redwood High School and at Claremont McKenna College. He studied to become an actor at the Julliard School in New York City and at the College of Marin.

After his family moved to Marin County, Williams began his career doing stand-up comedy shows in the San Francisco Bay Area in the mid-1970s. His first performance took place at the Holy City Zoo, a comedy club in San Francisco, where he worked his way up from tending bar to getting on stage.

Williams became famous for his role as Mork in the television series "Mork & Mindy" (1978–1982). His idol Jonathan Winters also appeared in the show. Williams went on to a successful career in both stand-up comedy and movie acting.

He acted in the movies "The World According to Garp", "Good Morning, Vietnam", "Dead Poets Society", "Awakenings", "The Fisher King", "Good Will Hunting", "Popeye", "Hook", "Aladdin", "Mrs. Doubtfire", "Jumanji", "The Birdcage", "Night at the Museum", and "Happy Feet".

Williams appeared in the music video for "Don't Worry, Be Happy" by Bobby McFerrin. In 2013, Williams starred as President Dwight D. Eisenhower in Lee Daniels' "The Butler".

Before his death, Williams starred in the short-lived comedy "The Crazy Ones". It was cancelled shortly before his death.

Once Williams got angry with Disney for using his voice as the Genie in "Aladdin" to sell merchandise for the movie. Disney tried to apologize to Williams. The Disney company bought a Picasso painting for him.

Williams was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor three times. He received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in "Good Will Hunting". He received two Emmy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards and five Grammy Awards.

Williams married Valerie Velardi in 1978. They divorced in 1988. In 1989, Williams married Marsha Garces. She divorced him in 2008. Williams married Susan Schneider in 2011. Their marriage lasted until Williams' death in 2014. Williams had a son with Velardi. He had a daughter and son with Garces. His son, Zak Williams, is an actor, businessman, and filmmaker. His daughter, Zelda Williams, is an actress.

Williams lived in San Francisco and Paradise Cay in California. 

Williams was an alcoholic. He was also addicted to cocaine. He had strong depression in the final years of his life. On March 13, 2009, he had surgery to fix an aortic valve. The surgery was successful. One month before his death, Williams went to rehab for his alcoholism. Williams' widow stated that he had been diagnosed with early stage Parkinson's disease before his death, but the actor was "not yet ready to share publicly" this information. In November 2014, it was revealed that Williams had Lewy body dementia.

On August 11, 2014 at about 11:45 am, Williams was found at his home by his personal assistant. About ten minutes later, a 911 call was made saying that Williams was not reacting or breathing. He was pronounced dead at 12:02 pm, shortly after emergency personnel arrived.
The Marin County Sheriff's department said the cause of death was probably asphyxia by hanging. Williams was also found with cuts on his wrist.

Williams was cremated. His ashes were scattered in the San Francisco Bay. On December 16, 2014, it was revealed that, as a result of his death, Williams was the fastest growing search term on Google in 2014.



Bamboo

Bamboo is a name for over 1,400 species of giant grasses in 115 different genera. All bamboos have wood-like stems. Bamboo mainly grows in Africa, America and in Asia but can easily grow in Europe.

Bamboo grows in clumps (although running varieties exist). The runners can be up to 40 metres (130 feet). David Farrelly, in his book "The Book of Bamboo", says that bamboo has been measured to grow 1.21 meters (47.6 inches) in a 24-hour period. However, most bamboos (used for gardening) will grow more like 3 cm to 5 cm (1-2 inches) a day.

Almost all species of bamboo have hollow stems divided into nodes or joints. The stem can be up to 30 cm (a foot) in diameter. Each of the nodes has one side bud. Not all of those buds develop into branches, but some do. This makes bamboo one of the few grasses that have a branch structure. Bamboo rarely flowers. Some species only flower once, and then die off. The distance of two joints in a bamboo is the basis of a traditional Japanese unit of measurement, "shaku".

Bamboo is used to make lots of things and is a construction material. The stems of larger trees are used to build houses, bridges, and other things that have to be constructed such as boat and wickerwork. It can be used for scaffolding. Bamboo is an easy construction material and not expensive.

Bamboo is almost the only food of giant pandas. The shoots can also be used as human food. Bamboo shoots are usually cooked before being eaten. Most temperate bamboos can be eaten without cooking if they are not too bitter.
As some may contain cyanogens, cooking is better. The only "Phyllostachys" known to have potentially toxic concentrations of cyanogens is "Ph. heterocycla pubescens".

Trojan War

The Trojan War was one of the most important wars in the history of Ancient Greece. It happened between the Trojans and the Greeks. It is mostly known through the "Iliad," an epic poem written by the Ancient Greek poet Homer.
In the middle 19th century scholars thought Troy and the war were mythical; that they never existed. However, Heinrich Schliemann discovered the site of ancient Troy, across the Aegean Sea on Asia Minor. The war may have taken place in the 12th century BC.

The Bronze Age was the first era known for humans to create tools and weapons made out of metal. Previously they had used stone tools. Beginning in about 3,300 B.C throughout the Middle East and parts of Asia, humans made many technical advances. Bronze Age civilizations interconnected through trade, war, migration, and innovation. However, the age ended quickly in the Bronze Age collapse after 1200 B.C., when many civilizations fell at once. 

One of the most well known ancient civilizations to fall was the city of Troy. Branching off of the Mycenaean civilization and located in Histarlik, the northeast coast of Turkey, this ancient city dates back to over 2,700 years ago. Believed to be inhabited for almost 4,000 years beginning in 3,000 B.C., this civilization developed grand palaces by building on top of one city after another was destroyed. This formed into a human-made mound called a “tell”. Gert Jan van Wingaarden, in his book “Troy: City, Homer and Turkey,” writes, “ There is no one single Troy, there are at least 10, lying in layers on top of each other.” He says that the city of Troy contains many layers which is why archeological excavators have yet to reach the remains of the first settlement. Along with enhancing their city the Trojans developed their own writing system and occupied the Dardanelles, a narrow water channel connecting the Aegean Sea to the Black Sea. The writing system and water channel advanced the city of Troy into a powerful civilization which allowed for many allies to be made but also an arising rivalry.  

According to Homer’s story, "Iliad", the civilization was doomed to fall as long as the Trojan King’s son, Alexander, remained alive due to a curse placed upon him at birth by Zeus. The story of the Trojan war  concludes to why such an advanced and powerful civilization like Troy was able to be completely destroyed. 

The origins of the war (in the "Iliad") started at the wedding of King Peleus and the nereid (sea-nymph) Thetis. They had invited almost all the gods to their wedding. But they did not invite Eris, goddess of strife. She was angry and she threw a golden apple among the guests on which was written "To the Fairest". The goddesses Hera, Athena, and Aphrodite caught the apple at the same time and fought over who was the most beautiful. Because they could not end the fight by themselves, they went to Zeus, the king of the gods. Zeus chose Paris to decide, and give the apple to who he wanted. Each of the three goddesses offered Paris gifts so he would choose her. Hera offered Paris all of Asia. Athena offered wisdom.

Then Aphrodite offered him the love of the most beautiful woman. Paris gave the apple to Aphrodite. Of course, Aphrodite had not thought about the fact that the most beautiful woman, Helen, Queen of Sparta, already had a husband (King Menelaus of Sparta). But Aphrodite had her son, Eros, shoot Helen with a golden arrow so she fell in love with Paris. They left for Troy. Menelaus, Helen's husband, declared war on Troy to retrieve his queen, now called Helen of Troy. This began the Trojan war.

Greek gods play a large role in the myth of how the Trojan War was started. The reason gods were introduced to the Greek culture was to serve as an answer to the origin of man, as well as to offer authority figures that could be summoned when the Greek needed help. The Greek gods were believed to have a divine presence and were worshipped by many. They were an important aspect of Greek culture that flowed over into literature, art, and other topics. Many of Homer’s works include the involvement of Greek gods and goddesses. The gods that are seen throughout Homer’s works are immortal and they hold a lot of power. They have the power to know just about everything and are the highest in authority without any other power above them. The greatest of the gods is the family in which Zeus is the father. Throughout the majority of Homer’s writings, Zeus is so supreme that he is used to represent the collective power of gods and Zeus is so commonly mentioned. This is why in the origin of the Trojan War, the gods go to Zeus for resolutions of conflict. Unlike some works of writing and some cultures, the gods throughout Homer’s work have no relation to religion but are rather their own separate thing.

The war went on for ten years swinging to one side and then the other. Some of the leading fighters were Achilles, Paris, and Hector. The Greeks won by building a big wooden horse, which we now call the Trojan Horse. Greek soldiers hid inside the horse, and others put the horse on the shore and left in their boats. The Trojans saw the horse and thought that the Greeks had given up and left. They thought the horse was a gift in their honour. They dragged the horse into Troy and celebrated their victory. When night fell, the Greeks hiding inside the horse opened the city gates and set fire to the houses. The Greeks who had left in their boats had just pretended to leave, to trick the Trojans. They returned and won the war. The trick was thought up by Odysseus, King of the small island of Ithaca.

There are many versions to the story of the Trojan War. Two of the most famous of these stories are Homer’s poetry about this war in his books, the Iliad and the Odyssey. Full of exaggerations, distortions, contradictions, and pure fictions, these two books do not give a clear indication whether or not the Trojan war actually occurred. Homer wrote these stories based on the oral tradition of storytelling. Oral tradition has a tendency to not contain precise memories and can morph into different claims based on different cultural influences and intentions. For example, the Iliad is shown to have many similar aspects to characters and wars originating from stories throughout the Hellenic world, like the duel between Lycian Sapedon and Rhodian. These similarities in stories are not originally connected with Troy. This creates fundamental distortion which contains three principles. First, a heroic tradition may be constructed to seem as an event that holds more significance than it truly does. In Herodotus’s version of the Trojan War, he says “his narrative is presented as belonging to the realm of ‘what is said’ rather than ‘what is known.” He tries to present a credible source of the story by eliminating the gods by making Helen be the daughter of a human, Tyndareus, rather than the daughter of a god. He also makes Alexander (Paris) not judge on the beauty of the three goddesses and become convinced by Aphrodite’s promise to marry Helen. Instead, he steals Helen. He does this because humans decide on their own what is and is not credible about ancient civilizations. He knew the popular opinion would be that people do not see supernatural as credible but instead as fiction. Secondly, tradition may be picked up by regions and people who have no relation to the event. For example, different civilizations would use the information as “propagandistic purposes” to make their civilization look heroic or enemy civilizations remain monstrous. The process of passing down stories through word of mouth as the only source leads to inevitable change to the truth in the story through the different cultural influences of those telling the story. For example, if the Spartans were telling their perspective of the Trojan war compared to the Trojans, then the two stories will most likely be very different. Thirdly, the traditions may become distorted in time including the original main idea so that it is not recognizable from the rest of the evidence. This means that there most likely was a Trojan war. However, the war was not the same as what Homer states. The story is known to be part of "spatium" "histoicum" which is the clear belonging of a deep past in which accurate knowledge is difficult to obtain. For example, there is also no written evidence to validate the Trojan war and archeologists can not yet provide evidence of who attacked Troy. This makes the storyline much easier to change and is why many researchers believe the Trojan war stories are about war with enemies created as a result of a copper shortage in Greece. At the time, the Trojans were the only ones that would have access to the copper supply in the Back Sea. Overall, these variations in the story of the Trojan war are not reliable sources to aid figuring out whether the Trojan war happened or not; however, they help give an understanding of the cultural background and intentions of the people during this era.

There is no evidence proving the Trojan War did occur. If the Trojan War did occur, Hisarlik was most likely the site. Hisarlik consists of an ordinary low lying mound with some bits of broken pavement, building foundations, and walls. Visitors who visit Hisarlik can see a large wooden horse, built in more recent years, that serves as an aid in convincing individuals Hisarlik is the true site of Homer’s Troy. The origin of how the Trojan War was started lies in Homer’s poem, the Iliad. 

Hiller, the author of "Two Trojan Wars? On the destructions of Troy VI and VII" reminds us that our trust in a historical Trojan War is rooted in Homer. Homer is not a historian but, rather, a poet. Hiller also said that because Homer is a poet, part of his role in creating content is exaggerating for better effect, and therefore evidence in support of a Trojan War needs to be independent of Homer’s epic. It was extremely unlikely that a civilization would declare war and gather a fleet of hundreds of ships over a dispute of a woman, the original belief of the spark of conflict However, Bronze Age kings occasionally were willing to go to war over the abduction of one of their subjects, and even more so when that subject was a family member. Excavations were done. The first step in establishing the physical location of the war is to find a clearly identifiable location for the war. This has not been done, although, currently Hisarlik is seen as the most identifiable. Even so, Heinrich Schliemann favored other locations as the official site of Troy before settling on Hisarlik. Schliemann, perhaps the archaeologist most involved with the search of Troy, began excavations in Hisarlik in 1871. Because Troy is made of several settlements, another challenge was finding which of the layers were the most likely to match up with the war. Schliemann believed one of the earliest layers would have to be the site of Troy. Without much prior knowledge on excavation, Schliemann had his crew dig a trench through the site, which resulted in the destruction of several of the upper layers. 

The dwellings and what could be found on that level of the mound did not add up with Homer’s description with Troy, which then required excavation into the later layers. However, because Schliemann had destroyed most of the newer layers, there was only a little bit of the sixth settlement that survived, which does not provide for a large representation of the settlement. However, it was the sixth settlement that provided the best evidence of Troy’s existence. Pottery found on the site of Hisarlik showed that Troy VI most likely ended around the first of the thirteenth century. This sets the date for the war around 1250 BC, if the war and Troy were to coincide. The date of 1250 is in very close proximity to the date given by Herodotus, a Greek historian and as well as given by other Classical Greek sources. This level also represented a peak period of the layers, once again supporting the idea that it truly was the site of the Trojan War. However, even with these pieces of evidence, the similar accounts between Homer’s Troy and Hisarlik are still generally slight and do not show any significant evidence. Another indication that the Trojan War may have occurred is that the excavation of Troy VI provided evidence that signified violent destruction. However, yet again there is no way to be certain whether the destruction was caused by humans or the environment, or both.

Over the years, the story of the Trojan War has become an icon as an action-packed TV show like "Troy: Fall of a City" as well as a binge worthy fictional novel like "Daughter of Troy" by Dave Duncan. In order for creators to make these films and books portray as authentic, they add archeological information to aid the culture, history, clothing and supplies used to relate to the ancient civilization. Some examples include bronze blades and weapons which were artifacts introduced within the Bronze Age, a walled city to portray the structure of the ancient cities within Greece, and the incorporation of the references to the Greek gods and goddesses watching every action they make to show their cultural beliefs. The incorporation of archeological information within pop culture is very relevant and an important aspect to making any type of film, image or novel a success.

These are stories, books, movies, etc., that are about the Trojan War, or tell parts of its story:


Cruise ship

A cruise ship (or cruise liner or ocean liner, though the latter mainly refers to large vessels designed for mass leisure travel which cross the ocean) is a large ship with sleeping cabins and other facilities that takes people on holiday and vacation trips. Hundreds of thousands of people take cruises each year.

Today's cruise ships are like floating hotels. They have a complete "hospitality staff" (to serve food and help passengers in other ways) as well as the usual ship's crew. The largest cruise ships have casinos, shops, many restaurants, theaters for both live entertainment and movies, several pools, day care, a gym, and a running track. The most expensive cruises often have more crew and staff than passengers. This means that the people who control the cruise can give many personal services.

Today, hundreds of cruise ships sail all over the world. Some carry over 3,000 passengers. These are some of the largest ships ever built. For some places, such as Antarctica, because it lacks other methods of regular transport, cruise ships are one of the few ways for tourists to visit.
There's also cruise type vessels that have permanent residences. Like the World Ship and MS Utopia.

Windows Media Player

Windows Media Player is a digital media player made by Microsoft. It is already installed on Microsoft Windows operating systems, and an older version is available for some Apple Macintosh operating systems. The program allows people to watch certain video files and play music files that are in a compatible file format. How the program looks can also be changed with skins, and it can be made small enough to fit on the taskbar.


Listen Up

Listen Up! was a 2004 CBS television series. It was a sitcom starring Jason Alexander as Tony Kleinman, a sportscaster from the fictional ""Listen Up!"" His cohost is named Bernie, and is a hall of famer. Jason has a wife, Dana, and two kids, one named Mickey. Mickey is very good at golf, but gets low grades.

The series only lasted for one season, 22 episodes.

Jurassic Park III

Jurassic Park III is a 2001 American movie and the third "Jurassic Park" movie. It follows "". Paul Kirby, who says he is a rich business owner, convinces Dr. Alan Grant and his assistant, Billy Brennan, to take him and his wife to Isla Sorna as a vacation and serve as a guide. Actually, Kirby and his wife want to search for their son, who was stranded on Isla Sorna while on a parasailing trip. After crashing on the island, they are attacked by a Spinosaurus, who kills several members of their party. After escaping, the remaining people start hiking for the coast, fighting many dinosaurs, including the Spinosaurus, along the way.

"Jurassic Park III" is followed by "Jurassic World".


Laura Dern

Laura Elizabeth Dern (born February 10, 1967) is an Academy Award-winning American actress. Born in Los Angeles, she is the daughter of Bruce Dern and Diane Ladd. 

She received an Oscar and Golden Globe Award for her performance as Rose in "Rambling Rose". For the HBO film "Afterburn", she received an Emmy Award nomination and a Golden Globe Award. She has also won Independent Spirit Awards for "Blue Velvet" and "Smooth Talk". She is perhaps most famous for playing Dr. Ellie Sattler in "Jurassic Park". She used to date Jeff Goldblum. In 2020, she won another Oscar for her role in "Marriage Story".


Trailer (movie)

A movie trailer (also called a preview or coming attraction) is a short showing of a future (not yet released) movie. They are shown in a theater before the current movie starts. They are often later shown in advertisements for DVD releases, and broadcasts of the movie on television.

Michael Crichton

Michael Crichton (October 23, 1942 – November 4, 2008) was an American author of many books. His books were usually in the science fiction, medical fiction, and thriller genres. He was also a producer, director, and doctor.

Crichton is well known for writing novels that later became well-known Hollywood movies. His most famous work was "Jurassic Park." Other examples of Crichton's novels that later went on to become big-budget films include Congo, The Lost World, Rising Sun, and Sphere.

Crichton has also created the "ER" television show.

Crichton was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was 69" tall. He was married five times. He had a daughter from his fourth marriage.

On November 4, 2008, he died of throat cancer and lymphoma in Los Angeles, California, aged 66. He was looked down on by some as a climate change denier In February 2009, his widow gave birth to his only, posthumous son, John Michael Todd Crichton.


Andreas Baader

Andreas Bernd Baader (6 May 1943-18 October 1977) was a German terrorist.

He was born in Munich and was one of the first leaders of the Red Army Faction (RAF). It was often called the "Baader-Meinhof gang"

In 1968, Baader and his girlfriend Gudrun Ensslin were convicted of the setting fire to a department store in Frankfurt am Main.

They were arrested and sent to jail, but Baader escaped. He was caught in April 1970, but in May 1970, he was allowed to go a library outside the prison. Journalist Ulrike Meinhof and two other women were allowed to join him. They let a masked man into the library who fired shots at a 64-year-old librarian. Baader, the three women and the masked man fled through a window, and the group soon became known as the "Baader-Meinhof Gang".

Baader and others then spent some time in a Palestinian military training camp in Jordan before being thrown out. Back in Germany, Baader robbed banks and bombed buildings from 1970 to 1972. On 1 June 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught after a gunfight in Frankfurt.

Meins died during a hunger strike in Stammheim Prison, Stuttgart, in 1974. This was when philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre visited Baader. He described Baader as "incredibly stupid" and "an asshole".

From 1975 to 1977, there was a long and expensive trial in a specially fortified building on the grounds of Stammheim. Their jailers said Baader and the others kept their cells as dirty and disgusting as possible in stop searches for things that might be smuggled in; at this time lawyers and defendants were not separated by panes of glass during unsupervised meetings.

Meinhof was found dead in her cell in Stammheim on 9 May 1976, hanging from the ceiling. RAF members and others claimed that she was killed by the German government. The so-called "second generation of the RAF" committed several kidnappings and murders in a campaign in support of the prisoners. The three remaining defendants were convicted in April 1977 of several murders, attempted murders, and of forming a terrorist organization, and were sentenced to life imprisonment.

Businessman Hanns Martin Schleyer was kidnapped in Cologne on 5 September 1977. Lufthansa Flight 181 was hijacked in mid-October to try to force the release of Baader and ten other RAF members.

After several weeks that were called "the German Autumn", the passengers of the aeroplane were freed in an assault carried out by German GSG 9 special forces in the early hours of 18 October 1977. On the same day, the RAF killed Schleyer in France.

Next morning, Andreas Baader and Jan-Carl Raspe were found in their prison cells, dead from gunshot wounds. Gudrun Ensslin was found hanging. RAF member Irmgard Möller was found with four stab wounds to her chest, but survived.

All the official inquiries said that Baader and the others two committed suicide. Möller insists that the deaths and her injury were extrajudicial executions.

In 2002, director Christopher Roth released a film about Baader titled "Baader".




Meher Baba

Meher Baba (25 February 1894 31 January 1969) referred to himself as the Avatar of the Age. His birth name was Merwan Irani and his parents' names were Sheriar and Shireen Irani. His family lived in Poona (Pune) India, but they were of Persian descent. Today Persia is called Iran. They were not Hindus or Muslims, but were of the Zoroastrian religion.

Merwan had a normal childhood and liked poetry and sports, especially cricket. When he was thirteen years old he started a boy's club with his best school friends called "The Cosmopolitan Club". The boys in the club kept up on the news, practiced public speaking at their clubhouse, and raised money to give to the poor. He graduated from St. Vincent's High School and attended Deccan College. In 1913, when Baba was nineteen, he was coming home from college riding a bicycle. A very old Muslim woman named Hazrat Babajan, referred to as a Perfect Master (God Realized), was sitting under a Neem tree, called for him to come over to her, he said he was drawn to her like iron to a magnet. He began spending time visiting with her and serving her. In 1914 she kissed him on the forehead, he then went home. Baba later said that he became so dazed after this kiss that he could barely find his way home, and that when Babajan kissed him, initially he lost all consciousness of the world, he then realized God within himself. He was so dazed he neither ate or slept for several weeks. Moving about semi-autonomously in 1915 Merwan was drawn to the other five Perfect Masters, beginning with Sai Baba of Shirdi who upon seeing Merwan called out to him "Parvardigar!" (Divine Sustainer). Upasni Maharaj, also a Perfect Master on seeing Merwan thru a stone, hitting him on the forehead where Babajan had kissed Merwan. He often went to live with Upasni at Sakori. The five Masters assisted Merwan in regaining his integration of the physical world of duality with the Divine Oneness that is the Avatar's natural state. Merwan served as their disciple while in fact he was already fully God Realized. 

The process of integration took 7 years during which Merwan often stayed at Upasni's ashram. He also visited with Babajan and stayed with his family, as his integration became more functional he began taking on jobs such as working at his father's toddy shop, and managing a group of performers. In 1921 Upasni told some of his followers that Merwan was the Avatar of the Age and that they should now follow Merwan. In 1921 one of these early disciples began calling Merwan "Meher Baba" which means "Compassionate Father". In 1922 Meher Baba and a group of male disciples walked from Ponna (Pune) to Bombay (Mumbai) where he established his first ashram, Manzil-e-Meem (House of the Master) where over the next year he trained them as his disciples, from then on Baba would be their spiritual guide. Baba eventually took these new followers to Ahmednagar, to a place now called Meherabad. There he gave discourses on spirituality, worked with the local poor villagers, established a dispensary and hospital, cared for the God-mad "masts", and started boarding school for children of all faiths and castes, all free of charge. Gradually his following grew.
In 1925 Meher Baba began keeping silent and for the rest of his life Baba did not speak. He communicated first by writing on slates but then adapted an English alphabet board by pointing to letters painted on it. Years later he stopped using the alphabet board and used his own form of hand gestures. He kept silent until his death in 1969. Some people called him "The Silent Master" and there is a book by that title.

Meher Baba traveled around the world many times. He visited many countries. He spent several months in England, Australia and the United States. Many thousands of people came to see him. Some of them became his followers. 

In 1954, when Baba was sixty years old, he said publicly for the first time that he was the Avatar. In the ancient language of Sanskrit, the word "Avatar" means one who has come down from God. Baba said that the Avatar is born on Earth every 700–1400 years, and comes to help others find God. Meher Baba said that in the past the Avatar had been on Earth as Zoroaster, Rama, Krishna, Buddha, Jesus, and Muhammad.

Meher Baba's most famous quote is "Don't Worry, Be Happy," partly because it appeared in a popular song. Others know of him because of the song "Baba O'Reilly" written by Pete Townshend who is a follower of his and named the song partly after Baba. 

Regarding publications, there are two of major significance. In "Discourses", messages that were given by Meher Baba concerning many areas of the spiritual life are clearly presented. In "God Speaks", Meher Baba dictated and explained the complete journey of the incarnate soul from stone to man, over thousands of years and many lifetimes, culminating in God Realization; the goal of life. He said, "Real happiness lies in making others happy." He showed his followers that the best path is to love God at all times by loving your fellow man, exemplified by his own life of Selfless Service.

He also said he had not come to start a new religion—but to revitalize all religions: "I shall revitalize all religions and cults, and bring them together like beads on one string". His followers come from all religions: Zoroastrians, Christians, Jews, Hindus, Muslims, Sufis, Buddhists, and Sikhs, as well as from no religion, there are atheists and agnostics who may not necessarily believe in God, but who are attracted purely to his honest and loving way of life.


Trailer

Trailer has the following definitions:


Uno (card game)

Uno (stylized on usual branding as UNO) is an American card game that was made by Merle Robbins in 1971. It has since been bought by a company named Mattel. It uses 108 special ca made just to play "Uno". It is similar to Crazy Eights.

The cards are put into 4 different groups: Red cards, green cards, blue cards and yellow cards. There are also some other cards calleds". Skip, Reverse, Draw +2(This the way), Wild, and Wild +4 cards allow you to do something you cannot normally do, such as pick up two more card

Each player starts off with 7 cards, randomly assigned. A card from the main deck is then placed in the center for everyone to see. The first player must put down a card that is either the sane color or number, or a willayer puta down a regular card, the next person has to put down another card of the same color or number, and it keeps on going in order. When a skip cad. A reverse card reverses the order of the game. A wild card "(Card with 4 col' can be placed above any color, and the player chooses what color they want everyone to continue with until someone puta down a card with the same number but a different color or a wild card. +2 cards force the next player to draw 2 cards, but +4 cards force the next player to draw 4 cards and the current player gets to pick a new color of their choice.

UNO

Uno can mean:

UNO is an acronym for:

Electrical engineering

Electrical engineering is a subject of engineering. Its goal is to develop (think and make) different things that use electricity in a helpful way. Electrical engineers fix or design new and better ways of using devices that use electricity.

Big subjects in electrical engineering include power generation, automation and control of robots, digital systems, and information technology (using radio and computers to move and use data). To meet new needs, electrical engineering produced new specialties, such as electronic engineering and software engineering.

Early universities taught this as philosophy and later as science. As the industrial revolution began they had to start teaching new parts of these sciences to keep up with the demand for new resources. 

When the industrial era began, we needed to study mathematics, physics and chemistry to help support it. These subjects are "applied" (or, used in the real world) using engineering. In the late 19th century when electricity was used to make electric motors and to send messages to far away places, a new branch called electrical engineering was invented. When radio became important, many engineers worked at it, and their branch was later expanded to cover electronic engineering.


Design

Design is the visual appearence or shape given to an object. Design aims to make things prettier, more comfortable, or better in some way by making them work well and look good.

Good design decisions can make a space, for example, a hospital or an airport, more accessible or an image more attractive for advertisements, adding value in the market.

Designers use knowledge and rules from geometry and art to create their designs.

Design is sometimes divided to sub-categories, including graphic design, interior design, vehicle design, furniture design, product design, type design, fashion design and web design, to name a few.

Design doesn't always lead to physical objects; it can involve applications, websites, prototypes, presentations, or serve as a plan for creating something else.

Design is also a concept used to create an object (virtual or not). Design is picturing things using the imagination; as to using perception or memory.

<br>

Star Trek

Star Trek is an American media franchise owned by Paramount and CBS, as well as various spin-offs. 

The main parts of the "Star Trek" franchise are:
Other parts of the franchise are: books (both fiction and non-fiction), magazines, comics, action figures, model toys and computer video games.

"Star Trek" was created as a TV series in 1966 by Gene Roddenberry. He and the other authors of "Star Trek" have, over time, developed a whole fictional universe set in the future. Following this fictional universe is the way they have chosen to maintain continuity between the various TV series and the movies.

"Trekkies" or "Trekkers" may refer to the many fans who love the series and support this "Star Trek Universe". Many conventions and newsletters exist to serve these fans. There are even amateur movies made by the fans.

In the 1960s, Gene Roddenberry created "Star Trek". He sold it as a western (a television genre about cowboys), but in space, and compared it to the television show "Wagon Train". He also based it on "Gulliver's Travels". After two pilots (test episodes), "Star Trek" was first shown on television in 1966.

In 2053, World War III ended on Earth. In 2063 Zefram Cochrane, invented the warp drive, a way to travel faster than the speed of light. Because of this invention, Vulcans came to Earth to meet the humans. This is shown in "". The Vulcans helped humans fight disease and hunger. In 2150 humans created a United Earth Government that combined all the old governments into one.

A war between Earth and the Romulans made species from different planets work together, and the Coalition of Planets was started in 2156. In 2161, the planets Vulcan, Earth, Andoria and Tellar started the United Federation of Planets.

"" is sometimes abbreviated to TOS. In it, the Starship Enterprise travels through space to discover new places - "to boldly go where no man has gone before". The show was set in the 23rd century.

The main characters are:

It was shown on television for three years. It was cancelled in 1969.

"" is also called "TAS". It is an animated version of "The Original Series". The crew are the same, and most are voice-acted by the same actors. Because it was animated, the planets and species could look more interesting.

Gene Roddenberry asked for the stories in "TAS" to be removed from "Star Trek"'s canon (the official history of "Star Trek" that is the same in all series). It is still argued about if they are part of canon or not, but usually agreed that they are not. The official Star Trek website has added some things from "TAS" to their library.

"" is also called "TNG". It is set 70 years after "The Original Series", in the 24th century. The crew travel on a new starship called the "Enterprise-D". The stories are also about exploring, and often about fighting hostile (violent or angry) ships. The crew has many different races.

The main characters are:

It was shown on television for seven seasons, from 1987 to 1994.

"" is also sometimes called "DS9". It is set in the late 24th century, at the end of "The Next Generation"'s time line and the start of Voyager's. It is not like "TOS" and "TNG" because it is set on a space station and is not about exploring. This means it has more soap opera elements (lots of stories about the characters). Most of the stories are about the Cardassian race and the war with the Dominion.

The main characters are:

It was shown on television for seven seasons, from 1993 to 1999.

"" is set in the late 24th century. It is different from the other series because it takes place in the Delta Quadrant. The ship Voyager was trapped there after a chase by the Maquis (Starfleet rebels). The stories are about them trying to find their way home. This is a long journey, and will take them 75 years.

The main characters are:

It was shown on television for seven seasons, from 1995 to 2001. It was made to help start a new television channel, UPN.

"" is set in the 22nd century, which means it is before all the other series on the "Star Trek" timeline. It is about the humans and the Vulcans working together after first contact. The ship, Enterprise, was the first Warp 5 ship made by the humans (with some Vulcan assistance). The first season famously had many continuity errors (events and technology that did not match what happens in the other series).

The main characters are:

It was shown on television for four seasons, from 2001 to 2005.

"Star Trek: Discovery" is the newest "Star Trek" series. It is set in the 23rd century, ten years before the original "Star Trek" series. The first season is about a war between the Federation and the Klingons.

The main characters of the first season are:

The first season was streamed online starting in 2017 on CBS' online streaming service in the United States, and on Netflix outside of the United States. There will be another season premiering in late 2018.

Since Discovery was added here, other series have been produced and released. In no particular order, they are:

The "Star Trek" franchise is a multibillion-dollar industry (a very large business). It has influenced (affected) many things in real life.

"Star Trek" has a large following of fans who are very enthusiastic (care a great deal) about the show. They are usually called Trekkies. The word was first used by Arthur W. Saha when he saw people wearing fake Vulcan ears at a convention (an event where lots of people interested in the same thing organise to meet) in 1967. Some fans like to be known as Trekkers instead.

Two documentaries (factual television shows) have been made about them, called "Trekkies" and "Trekkies 2".

In 1976, NASA made a prototype (test) space shuttle. It was first going to be called "Constitution", but Star Trek fans wrote letters to NASA asking for it to be called "Enterprise" instead. "Enterprise" was used for flight tests, although it was never sent into space. It is now displayed (put on show) at the Smithsonian Institution.

The movie "Galaxy Quest" is a "Star Trek" parody, which means it was made to be like "Star Trek" in a funny way.

There have been parodies on television in the cartoons "Futurama", "The Simpsons" and "Family Guy".

The video games company Blizzard Entertainment puts references to "Star Trek" in many of its games, like "Starcraft" and "World of Warcraft".

Fans of the show made a new episode, "Pilgrim of Eternity", in 2013. The crew were also professional film and TV people.

"Star Trek" episodes often tell a moral story. philosophical and moral questions are common. In the "Star Trek: Voyager" episode "Tuvix", a transporter accident puts two characters, Tuvok and Neelix, into one body. This makes a new person, Tuvix, who has his own personality. The crew of the Voyager must decide what to do: they can kill Tuvix by separating him back into Tuvok and Neelix, or they can kill Tuvok and Neelix by letting Tuvix live. In the end, Captain Janeway decides to save Tuvok and Neelix, although the Doctor thinks this is wrong.

"Star Trek" episodes also often reflect (copy) what is happening in the real world. One example is the episode "A Private Little War" in "Star Trek: The Original Series". This is said to be like the Vietnam War. In the episode, the Klingons threaten innocent people. Captain Kirk has to decide whether to give the people guns so that they can defend themselves. The episode asks whether you can fight evil without doing evil yourself.

One focus of all the "Star Trek" franchises is a Federation law called "The Prime Directive." The Prime Directive states that advanced civilizations should not change more primitive ones; societies should be allowed to develop on their own. The Prime Directive often makes for a moral conflict—for example, the Prime Directive might forbid using advanced technology to save an intelligent race.


Tunnel

A tunnel is an underground passage. Some tunnels are used for cars, and others are used for trains. Sometimes, a tunnel is used for movement of ships. Some tunnels are built for communication cables and some are built for electricity cables. Other tunnels are built for animals.

Tunnels are dug in different kinds of grounds, from soft sand to hard rock. The way of digging is chosen by the type of ground. There are two additional ways of digging : quarry and 'cut and cover'. In quarry, the tunnel path is drilled in a horizontal way.
This system requires a deep tunnel that's built in a firm rock. In the 'cut and cover' system, a tunnel is dug in the ground and, afterwards, a roof is built above the tunnel. This system fits tunnels that are close to the ground like road tunnels and infrastructure.

Building tunnels is a large civil engineering project that could cost very high sums of money. The planning and building of a long tunnel may take many years.

The Channel Tunnel between France and England is one of the longest tunnels in the world. It is 50 kilometers long. The longest tunnel in the world, the "Gotthard Base Tunnel", is being dug in Switzerland.


Cut-and-cover is a simple way of making hollow tunnels where a trench is hollowed out and roofed over with an overhead support system strong enough to carry the load of what is to be built above the tunnel.
Two basic forms of cut-and-cover tunneling are available:


The Salvation Army

The Salvation Army is a Protestant Christian organization William and Catherine Booth founded it in the East End of London, England in 1865. It was called the Christian Mission to start with, but in 1878, the name was changed. The Booths came from a Methodist tradition, but today the teachings of the movement are mainstream Protestant. They focus on preaching, and on helping those in need. They also actively help in disaster relief.

The Salvation Army operates in over 100 countries today. Its members devote themselves to teaching Christian morals, helping those in need, like the homeless, the sick, the poor, and others. It operates facilities like shelters, , orphanages, , and a , and offers Sunday church services. It is one of the largest charitable organisations in the world, which means that it relies on people to give it money to use.


People from the Swiss branch of the Salvation army qualified for the Eurovision Song Contest, 2013 in Malmö. At first, they were refused at the ESC. They could participate, but they had to change their name (to Takasa), and they also had to agree not to wear the typical uniforms on stage. They didn't qualify for the final round, though.

Orphanage

An orphanage is an institution that takes in and cares for orphans. It can also mean the state of being an orphan.

Historically it was very often the church or the state who cared for orphans. Children in orphanages may have suffered from child abuse or trauma from their parents.


London Underground

The London Underground is a form of public transport in London. It is a rapid transit system that uses electric trains. It is the oldest underground railway in the world. It started running in 1863 as the "Metropolitan Railway". After the opening the system was copied in many other cities, for example New York and Madrid. Even though it is called "the Underground" about half of it is above the ground. The "Tube" is a slang name for the London Underground, because the tunnels for some of the lines are round tubes running through the ground. The Underground serves 270 stations and over 408 km of track. From 2006 to 2007 over 1 billion passengers used the underground.

Underground train systems in other cities may be called "metros" (like the Tyne and Wear Metro in North East England) or "subways" (Glasgow Subway in Scotland and in most of North America). "Subway" is also used across Britain to refer to underground walkways.

The Metropolitan Line was the first part of the Underground to be made. It was opened in 1863. It then ran between Paddington and Farringdon. It took 40,000 passengers per day. Later it was made longer. The District Line was built by a different company. In 1884, the Circle Line was finished. All these lines used steam engines at first.

In 1890, a line using electric trains was opened. It was much deeper below ground than the other lines. Now it is part of the Northern Line. More lines like this were opened. People liked them, so in 1905 the lines that used steam engines were changed to use electric trains.

Because the different lines were run by different companies, changing lines was difficult. Between 1900 and 1902, Charles Yerkes bought most of the companies and formed a company named Underground Electric Railways of London Company Ltd, short UERL.

In 1933, a company was formed of all the bus, tram and underground companies, called London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB). It planned to make the network longer, but the Second World War stopped this. In the war, some Underground stations were used as shelters against bombs.

After the war more passengers used the underground. Minor changes were made: Victoria Line was opened in the 1960s, and currently the Piccadilly Line was extended to Heathrow Airport in 1977. The Jubilee Line was opened in 1979, and extended to Stratford 20 years later. Night Tube was introduced in 2016.

The system uses two kinds of trains, a big type - called sub surface trains and a smaller type - deep level trains. The big ones are used for the rectangular tunnels (District Line, Metropolitan Line, Circle Line), the small ones for the round tunnels. Most lines have different trains, although they fit into one of the two categories.

The Underground's trains usually drive to 270 stations. 14 Stations are outside of London.

The Underground uses zones to collect fares. There are 9 zones. Zone 1 is the most central zone. The only London Underground stations in Zones 7 to 9 are on the Metropolitan line beyond Moor Park, outside Greater London. Some stations are in two zones, and the cheapest fare applies.

Paper tickets or the contactless Oyster card can be used for travel. The Oyster Card is a plastic card which stores credit (money and Travelcards) which the owner uses to pay for Underground travel. The user must "charge" (put money onto) their card at a ticket machine. They then touch the card on a yellow reader to pay for their journey. Since its introduction in 2002 it has become very popular with regular travelers, as the prices are much cheaper if you use an Oyster card.

There are ticket offices, some open only in the rush-hour, and ticket machines, which can be used at any time. Some machines take coins only, other touch-screen machines take coins and English notes, and usually give change. These machines also take credit and debit cards: some newer machines accept cards only.

The following tickets are available from London Underground and TfL ticket offices to use on the Underground:

When most of the stations in the London Underground system were built, disabled and wheelchair access was not considered. While many above-ground stations have only a few steps to the platform, nearly all Underground stations have some of the systems's 410 escalators and 112 lifts (elevators). Newer stations include disabled access, and many older stations install disabled access when they are refurbished or rebuilt. Since 2004, maps inside the trains show which stations have step-free access from street level. Transport for London plan to have a network of over 100 fully accessible stations by 2020, which means that 75% of Tube journeys can be made with step-free access.

The escalators in the London Underground system are some of the longest in Europe. They run 20 hours a day, 364 days a year and are used by 13,000 people per hour, with 95% of them running at one time.

There have been relatively few accidents in the Underground's history. Most happen if people accidentally fall onto the tracks. In some stations there are pits in the middle of the track to stop people being injured if they fall onto the track. Newly rebuilt parts of the system, especially on the Jubilee line, have platform doors. These doors only open when a train stops and prevent people falling or jumping onto the tracks.

The below-ground Jubilee Line extension (Westminster to North Greenwich) stations have sliding platform doors installed to prevent people falling off the platform onto the tracks, and discourage/prevent suicides.

In the 1930s, 1970s and 1990s, the Underground was bombed many times by the IRA, and for this reason there have been no wastebins in or around stations until very recently, when clear plastic sacks were introduced in some parts of the system. On 7 July 2005, there were three attacks by radical Islamic terrorists on two Circle Line trains and on one Piccadilly Line.

Smoking is not allowed in any part of the underground. It was banned after a fire in King's Cross Station in 1987.

The commuters of London often complain about the Underground. Even newspapers, especially the Evening Standard, often criticise the system.

Usually the complaints are about delays, overcrowding and the fares. Sometimes strikes of London Underground staff occur.

London Underground fares are now the most expensive of any rail system around the world, including the luxurious Orient Express, and they continue to rise at very high levels. Concern has also been raised over the huge difference between oyster card fares and cash fares, with the criticism that the high cash fares will discourage tourists and day visitors to London from traveling around the city.

Because the underground is a very old system, engineering work is often needed and often causes delays. There can be other reasons as well, for example signal failures or other breakdowns. Customers can claim a refund if their tube journey is delayed for more than 15 minutes due to problems within the control of Transport For London.

Because many more commuters use the underground than planned, overcrowding often happens. This can cause stress and frustration with the underground system among commuters. According to a report by MPs, commuters face "a daily trauma" and are often forced to travel in "intolerable conditions".

Because so many passengers travel on the London Underground network every day, strikes or industrial actions on the Underground network have a very high impact on London's traffic and can impact on London's economy. London Underground and the rail unions claim to be under high pressure from the working public, private businesses and government departments.

Strike actions on the London Underground occur for a number of reasons, including health and safety, working conditions and pay levels. There were several such strikes in the late 1970s.


Democracy Now!

Democracy Now! is a radio and TV program. It is entirely paid for through donations from listeners, viewers, and foundations and does not accept advertisers, corporate underwriting, or government funding. It is one of the biggest independent news organizations in the United States.


Socialist Party (England and Wales)

The Socialist Party is a Trotskyist political party active in England and Wales and part of the Committee for a Workers' International. They publish a weekly newspaper entitled "The Socialist" and a monthly "Socialism Today". As an organisation, it has evolved from the Militant Tendency, who in the early 1980s started to be expelled from the Labour Party, for organising a mass campaign against the Poll Tax.

There was a debate with the Militant Tendency whether or not to cease working within the Labour Party and the majority of the group decided to leave, although a minority around Ted Grant broke away to form Socialist Appeal. This debate ran alongside a parallel debate on the future of Scottish politics. The result was that the experiment of operating as an "open party" was first undertaken in Scotland under the name of Scottish Militant Labour. This would eventually lead to the foundation of the Scottish Socialist Alliance. The majority of Scottish members, after forming the Scottish Socialist Party, left the Committee for a Workers' International in early 2001 as they moved away from traditional Trotskyist politics.

For a while, the party was known as "Militant Labour". In 1997, the group changed its name to the Socialist Party, but the ownership of this name has been contested by the much older Socialist Party of Great Britain. As a result, the new party is frequently known as "The Socialist Party of England and Wales". In elections, it has had to use the name "Socialist Alternative". They were one of the founders of the local Socialist Alliance groups, but they left in 2001.

Since leaving the Socialist Alliance, the Socialist Party has run candidates in elections as "Socialist Alternative". Following the UK local elections in 2006, it had three councillors in Coventry, one in Stoke, two in Lewisham, South London and one in Huddersfield. In February 2005, the Socialist Party announced plans to contest the 2005 parliamentary elections as part of a new electoral alliance called the Socialist Green Unity Coalition. Several former components of the Socialist Alliance that did not join Respect also joined this coalition.

The Socialist Party is a smaller organisation than the Militant of the 1980s, but has influence in some trade unions. In 2005, 23 Socialist Party members were elected members of trade union national executive committees. Under the leadership of Peter Taaffe, their policies have remained close to the Trotskyist mainstream. Their demand for the nationalisation of the one hundred and fifty top British companies and their longstanding practice of running in elections has led some critics to label them as reformists though the party insists that their method is based on Trotsky's Transitional Programme.

The Socialist Party is affiliated to the Committee for a Workers International, and is the largest of its forty members. The party participates also in the broader European Anticapitalist Left.

In November 2005 at its annual 'Socialism' event, the Socialist Party formally launched the 'Campaign for a New Workers' Party' with the aim of persuading individuals, campaigners and trade unions to help set up and back a new broad left alternative to New Labour that would fight for working class people. The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT union) held a conference in January 2006 to address what it calls 'The crisis in working class representation', in which Dave Nellist was invited to speak. Most of the speakers were in favour of a broad left alternative to New Labour. The remaining speakers, such as MP John McDonnell, wished it well.


Socialist teachers

Socialist Teachers are a group of members of the Socialist Party (England and Wales) in the National Union of Teachers(NUT).

It is associated with CNWP teachers and its members work with other socialists and trade union activists in the STA (Socialist Teachers' Alliance) and CDFU (Campaign for a Democratic and Fighting Union).

Socialist Party teacher Martin Powell-Davies stood for the general secretary of the NUT in 2004 and polled 6,482 first-preference votes.


National Union of Teachers

The National Union of Teachers was the largest teachers' union in the United Kingdom. It has a policy of campaigning on educational issues as well as the conditions of service of its members.

In 2017 it joined with the Association of Teachers and Lecturers to form the National Education Union.


Socialist Party

Socialist Party is the name of several different political parties around the world with a variety of different political views. These include:



Dave Grohl

David Eric "Dave" Grohl (born January 14, 1969) is an American rock musician and singer. He is best known as the lead singer, occasionally drummer, and guitarist of rock band Foo Fighters and the drummer of the grunge band Nirvana from 1990 to 1994. He has also been part of thirty different bands in his life, including one from the 1980s called Scream. Other bands he has played in include Nine Inch Nails and Tenacious D.

Dave Grohl lived most of his early life in Springfield, Virginia. He played in many local punk bands, on guitar. By 15 years old he was a drummer in the hardcore punk band, Scream. Scream toured all over the United States and Europe but broke up in 1989. After they broke up he tried out to be a drummer in a small band called Nirvana.

Grohl joined Nirvana in 1990, along with Krist Novoselic and Kurt Cobain. They went on to be one of the most successful bands of the decade, selling over 50 million albums worldwide. Grohl joined shortly before the release of "Nevermind". "Nevermind" proved to be a classic album, one that is still a big influence on the alternative metal and alternative rock scene. The band only recorded one more studio album though, In Utero in 1993. On April 8, 1994, Kurt Cobain's body was found at his home in Seattle. He had shot himself in the head with a shotgun. This event ended Nirvana and Grohl started his own band Foo Fighters in 1995.

The original Foo Fighters album was recorded entirely by Grohl himself. He recorded the parts for each instrument one at a time and then combined them. Foo Fighters are now a multi Grammy Award winning rock band and sell out huge arenas when they are on tour.

1740

1740 was a leap year.


Embryo

An embryo is the earliest stage in the development of a fertilised egg (the zygote). It is the term used for any animal or plant, from the first cell division until birth, or hatching, or germination in plants.

In humans, it is called an embryo until about eight weeks after fertilization, and from then until birth it is called a foetus (US: fetus).

The development of the embryo is called embryogenesis, and the study of embryos is called embryology. The development of an embryo passes through various stages: the blastula, a hollow ball of cells; the gastrula, migration of cells; morphogenesis; tissue differentiation, and so on.

In organisms that reproduce sexually, once a sperm fertilizes an egg cell, the result is a cell called the zygote, which has DNA from each of the two parents. In plants, animals, and some protists, the zygote divides by mitosis to produce an embryo.


WordPad

WordPad is a word processor application. It is made by Microsoft. WordPad is a basic word processor. It has simple formatting functions. The software comes free with Microsoft Windows operating systems. WordPad is similar to Notepad but lets the user format text, something users cannot do in Notepad. However, WordPad is very basic compared to normal word processors like Microsoft Word or OpenOffice Writer. Wordpad saves documents in Rich Text Format, unlike Notepad's use of simple text files, allowing users to change the alignment and color of the font, and add things like bullets and font effects.

Microsoft Paint

Microsoft Paint, also called MS Paint or simply Paint is a computer program made by Microsoft. It allows people to create picture files as well as edit picture files saved on their computer. Microsoft Paint is also a program for adding texts to images saved on a computer. There are various tools to help people edit photos, including:

The program has a color palette displayed on the bottom left of the screen, as well as an "Edit Colors..." menu, allowing users to create all the shades they need.

Using the selection tools (the 2 tools at the top if the tools bar), users can select all or part of an image and then cut, copy, delete and paste it.

Many digital artists or editors prefer programs like Photoshop, but many on a tighter budget or with less time on their hands use Paint. Because of this, there are many Internet tutorials to help enhance the creative skill of every Microsoft Painter.

My Computer

My Computer is seen on the Microsoft Windows computers. My Computer allows the user to access the local drives, such as the local disk, also known as the C: Drive. The user can also access external drives. Examples of an external drive are a floppy disk drive (A: Drive) and the CD Drive (D:). My computer also lets the user access My Documents and other files.
Whenever any external drive is attached to the computer, the user can directly access that drive from My Computer menu. "My Computer" gives us an overview about different types of drives present in the computer. The My Computer folder is a gateway to all the data stored on the computer, attached devices, and the network -- as well as a shortcut to most of your system information.

Trilogy

A trilogy is a series with three parts. For example, The Godfather series of movies is a trilogy because there are three movies in the series: "The Godfather", "The Godfather Part II", and "The Godfather Part III".

The trilogy was originally a tradition of Ancient Greek theatre, where three plays and one satyr play would be played.

Series

A series is a group of similar things that are all related to the same topic.

In mathematics, a series is the adding of a sequence, a list of (usually never-ending) mathematical objects (such as numbers). It is sometimes written as formula_1, which is another way of writing formula_2.

For example, the series formula_3 corresponds to the following sum:

Here, the dots mean that the adding does not have a last term, but goes on to infinity. 

If the result of the addition gets closer and closer to a certain limit value, then this is the sum of the series. For example, the first few terms of the above series are: 

From these, we can see that this series will have 2 as its sum. 

However, not all series have a sum. For example. a series can go to positive or negative infinity, or just go up and down without settling on any particular value. In which case, the series is said to diverge. The harmonic series is an example of a series which diverges.


Synesthesia

Synesthesia, or synaesthesia, is a condition where the brain mixes up the senses. People who have synesthesia are called synesthetes.

Synesthesia is usually inherited (called congenital synesthesia), but exactly how people inherit it is unknown.

Synesthesia is sometimes reported by people using psychedelic drugs, after a stroke, or during an epileptic seizure. It is also reported to be a result of blindness or deafness. Synesthesia that comes from events unrelated to genes is called adventitious synesthesia. This synesthesia results from some drugs or a stroke but not blindness or deafness. It involves sound being linked to vision or touch being linked to hearing.

Synesthesia was investigated a lot in the 19th and early 20th centuries, but in the middle of the 20th century, it was less studied. Only recently has it been studied again in much detail.

Some musicians and composers have a form of synesthesia that allows them to "see" music as colors or shapes. This is called chromethesia. Mozart is said to have had this form of synesthesia. He said that the key of D major had a warm "orangey" sound to it, while B-flat minor was blackish. A major was a rainbow of colors to him. This may explain why he wrote some of his music using different colors for different music notes, and why much of his music is in major keys.

Another composer who had color-hearing was the Russian composer Alexander Scriabin. In 1907, he talked with another famous composer, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, who had synesthesia, and they both found that some musical notes made them think of certain colors. Scriabin worked with a man named Alexander Mozer who made a color organ.

The same type of synesthesia may have different effects (pronounced and less pronounced) on different people.

Synesthetes often say that they did not know their experiences were unusual until they found out that other people did not have them. Others report feeling as if they had been keeping a secret their entire lives. Most synesthetes consider their experiences a gift—a "hidden" sense. Most synesthetes find out in their childhood that they have synethesia. Some learn to apply it in daily life and work. For example, they might use their gift to memorize names and telephone numbers or do mental arithmetic. Many people with synesthesia use their experiences to help them be more creative, for example, in making drawings and music.

More than 60 types of synesthesia have been reported, but only a small number have been studied by scientists.
Some common types of synthesia include:

Moose

A moose ("Alces alces"; called elk in Europe) is a large deer. Some authorities put the American moose in a different species, "Alces americanus".

A male moose is called a "bull", a female moose is called a "cow", and a young moose is called a "calf". A group of moose is called a "herd". The plural form of moose is "moose”.

Moose live in northern Europe, Asia, and in North America. Moose usually live in areas with lakes, marshes and swamps. They also live in mountain ranges.

Moose live in North America and also range from northern Europe to Siberia. In Europe they live in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Poland and the Baltic countries (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania). In North America they live in Canada, Alaska and northern parts of the United States. In 2008 they were re-introduced to Scottish Highlands from Scandinavia.

There are about 115,000 moose in Finland, and about the same number in Norway. Alaska has about 200,000. Canada and Russia each have between 500,000 and one million. There are also some in the continental United States. The animal is widely distributed.

Moose are active during the day. They live alone, but in winter they sometimes form small groups. Moose eat grass, leaves, twigs, willow, birch, maple shoots and water plants. After a pregnancy of 8 months, the female gives birth to one or two calves. Females can first become pregnant when they are between two and three years old. Young moose stay with their mother for a year; after one year they leave and live alone. Moose usually live to fifteen years old, but they can reach as old as twenty-seven years old. A mother moose will aggressively protect her young. Moose calves are hunted by bears and wolves.

A full-grown moose has few natural enemies. Siberian tigers prey on adult moose. Wolves also pose a threat, especially to females with calves. Brown bears are known to prey on moose, although bears are more likely to take over a wolf kill or to take young moose than to hunt adult moose on their own. American black bears and cougars can take moose calves and can sometimes kill adult cows. Wolverine are most likely to eat moose as carrion but have killed moose, including adults, when the moose are weakened by harsh winter conditions. Killer whales are the moose's only known marine predator. They have been known to prey on moose swimming between islands off North America's northwest coast.

Moose have been hunted by humans since the Stone Age.

Because of their dark coloured fur, moose are hard to see when they are crossing roads at night. They are sometimes hit by cars. In some countries like Canada, Finland and Sweden there are moose warning signs on roads and motorways are fenced.


Stanley Kubrick

Stanley Kubrick (July 26, 1928 – March 7, 1999) was an American movie director. Kubrick is thought to have been one of the great directors of the 20th century.

He was born in New York City but lived most of his life in England. His movies are respected for their great amount of detail and symbolism. Some of his movies were controversial when they were first shown. For example, the sex and violence in his movie "A Clockwork Orange" was very disturbing to many people who saw it when it was released in 1971. The reaction to the movie in the United Kingdom became so great that Stanley Kubrick stopped showing the movie there for over 25 years. Other famous movies that Kubrick made include "Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned To Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb", "" and "The Shining". Stanley Kubrick died from a heart attack on March 7, 1999.

Stanley Kubrick's filmmaking style is characterized by meticulous attention to detail, iconic imagery, a unique and uncompromising vision, a wide range of genres, symmetrical framing, use of music, subtle satire, memorable characters, and bold stylistic choices, leaving a profound impact on cinema.

Kubrick was born in Manhattan, New York City and grew up in the Bronx during his youth. Stanley was a poor student in school but his father, who was a doctor, taught Stanley how to play chess and gave him a camera. Kubrick finished high school in 1946 and could not get into a college. This was because of his poor grades in school and because colleges were full with many American soldier's who returned from World War II that same year. During this time, Kubrick played games of chess with people for money. He was a good chess player and won many games. He used the money he won from playing chess to buy food and photography equipment. Kubrick got a job at a magazine in New York City that was called Look Magazine. Kubrick also enjoyed watching movies and thought that he could make better movies than the movies that were being made at the time. He first made two small documentaries. One of them was about a boxer and was called "Day of the Fight". The other documentary was about a religious man and was called "Flying Padre". He then made two full-length movies (called feature films) that made other people interested in his work. The first feature film was called "Fear and Desire" and the other was called "Killer's Kiss." His third feature film, called "The Killing", was a success. The success of "The Killing" allowed Stanley to work on a bigger movie, called "Paths of Glory", that was about World War I and was made with the famous actor Kirk Douglas. At this time Kubrick became well known in the movie industry and had started to create his own style.

After Stanley Kubrick completed "Paths of Glory", he worked on a big Hollywood movie named "Spartacus" in 1960. The movie is about a gladiator who fights Rome. It made a lot of money and was a success but Kubrick did not enjoy working on it. He did not enjoy working on it because of problems he had with the other people working on the movie who controlled it. Kubrick desired to have a lot of control in making his movies, and after making "Spartacus" he only worked on movies that he had full control over.

Kubrick moved to the United Kingdom in 1962, to make his next movie, "Lolita". He liked the United Kingdom very much and decided to live there for the rest of his life. The movie "Lolita" was the first movie that Kubrick made that created a lot of controversy. The movie was based upon a book by the Russian author Vladimir Nabokov that was also very controversial at the time. The movie shows the relationship between a very young woman and an older man. This is a forbidden topic in the United States and most of the world.

For the movie "Lolita", Kubrick hired the talented and famous actor Peter Sellers. Kubrick respected Peter's acting and asked him to act as three different characters in Kubrick's next movie, "", which was released in 1963. "Dr. Strangelove" was a comedy but it was about very serious topics. These are called black comedies. The movie was about the Cold War and was very controversial but also very successful. The movie had a large cultural influence and created some images that became very famous in the years to follow. The most famous image from the movie was of an American pilot sitting on a nuclear bomb as it fell to earth from an airplane.

Kubrick's success with "Dr Strangelove" convinced the movie studios that he was talented and that he could be trusted to make good, popular movies. Kubrick entered into a positive relationship with the movie studio, Warner Brothers. Warner Brothers gave him almost full artistic control on all of the movies he was to make in the future. A director being given so much control is rare. Such directors are called "auteurs".

Kubrick took five years to develop and plan his next movie. It was a science fiction movie called "" and it was released in 1968. Kubrick based the movie on a short story called "The Sentinel" that was written by the science fiction author Arthur C. Clarke. Kubrick worked with Arthur C. Clarke to make the movie. The movie used many new ideas and techniques and had special effects that no other movie at the time had. The great special effects used in the movie won Kubrick his first and only Oscar award. "2001" was made during the end of the 1960s and was very popular with members of the Hippie Counterculture. This was because of the movies strange and dream-like visuals. When the movie was released it was both loved and hated by many movie critics. Many of the movie critics who did not like the movie when they saw it in 1968 have changed their opinions. Some of them have written a second, positive review of the movie many years later.

His next movie was one of his most famous and also his most controversial. The movie was titled "A Clockwork Orange" and was released in 1971. The movie was darker than "2001" and was originally released with an "X" motion picture rating in the US. The movie was based on a novel of the same title by the author Anthony Burgess. The novel and movie are about a criminal who is given a new and experimental 'cure' for his violent nature. The story asks questions about how society defines morality. The movie had an amount of sex and violence that was not often seen in big Hollywood movies at the time. The controversy of the movie increased when other people copied some of the acts that were committed by the characters in the movie. Kubrick and his family received violent threats from people, called death threats. These threats were serious enough that Kubrick took the movie out of theaters in Britain. The movie was not shown again in Britain until the year 2000, after Kubrick's death.

Kubrick's next movie was to going to be about Napoleon but he canceled it after another similar movie was released before his own. Kubrick worked very hard researching and learning about Napoleon and about the world at that time. Kubrick chose to make another movie set in that time that was titled "Barry Lyndon". The movie was based a book by William Makepeace Thackeray and was about an 18th-century gambler named Barry Lyndon. The movie was not as well liked as his previous movies but, like "2001: A Space Odyssey", it convinced people over time.

After "Barry Lyndon", Kubrick made movies at a much slower rate than before. He only made three more movies in the next twenty-five years. He was still very popular and respected. Each of the movies he released became an event that many people waited for and celebrated.

"The Shining" was Kubrick's next movie. It was based on the book of the same name by the American author, Stephen King and was released in 1980. It was a horror movie and starred Jack Nicholson and Shelley Duvall. The movie was one of Kubrick's most mainstream movies and was very popular. It was different from the other horror movies at the time and the catch phrase, "Here's Johnny!" (which was also used on the TV's The Tonight Show hosted by Johnny Carson at the time) was made very popular after Jack Nicholson's character said it during an important scene in the movie. The author of the book Stephen King hated the movie and did not like that Kubrick changed many things from the book. King made his own version, a TV mini-series in 1997, which was much more like the book.

"Full Metal Jacket" was Kubrick's next movie and was released in 1987. It was one of several movies that were made in the 1980s that were about the Vietnam War. The movie was most famous for its drill instructor character, played by R. Lee Ermey, who was very cruel to his soldiers. After the movie was released, the United States Armed Forces changed some of its rules about how their drill instructors should behave.

"Eyes Wide Shut" was Kubrick's last movie and was released in 1999. He completed editing the movie just before his death in March. The movie starred Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman, who were married to each other in real-life at the time. It was based on the novel "Traumnovelle" by the Austrian writer Arthur Schnitzler. The movie took over 16 consecutive months (a world record) to complete and was released in July 1999. According to R. Lee Ermey, of Full Metal Jacket Fame, Kubrick revealed to him that he was rather disappointed with his work. Kubrick supposedly went further, saying that both Kidman and Cruise "had their way with" him. Apparently a reference to a clashing of large-Hollywood personas to Kubrick's more reserved demeanor.

Just a few days after completing the editing of "Eyes Wide Shut", Kubrick died from a heart attack in Harpenden, Hertfordshire.

In the year 2001, the American movie director Steven Spielberg filmed "A.I.: Artificial Intelligence". "A.I" was a movie that Stanley Kubrick had worked on before "Eyes Wide Shut", but did not finish. Steven Spielberg based his movie on Kubrick's plans. The movie received a poor response from audiences and did not make as much money as expected. The movie was thought to be more Spielberg's movie than Kubrick's movie.


All of Stanley Kubrick's later movies, except for "The Shining", were nominated for Oscars or Golden Globes. "2001: A Space Odyssey" had many technical awards, including a BAFTA award for cinematographer and an Academy Award for best visual effects. As director of special effects on the movie, Kubrick got the award. This was Kubrick's only personal Oscar win among 13 nominations. Nominations for his movies were mostly in the areas of cinematography, art design, screenwriting, and music. Only four of his movies were nominated by either an Oscar or Golden Globe for their acting performances: "Spartacus", "Lolita", "Dr. Strangelove", and "A Clockwork Orange".

Personal awards for Kubrick:

Kubrick received two awards from major film festivals: "Best Director" from the Locarno International Film Festival in 1959 for "Killer's Kiss", and ""Bastone Bianco" Award" at the Venice Film Festival in 1999 for "Eyes Wide Shut". The Venice Film Festival awarded him the "Career Golden Lion" in 1997. He received the D.W. Griffith Lifetime Achievement Award from the Directors Guild of America, and another life-achievement award from the Director's Guild of Great Britain, and the "Career Golden Lion" from the Venice Film Festival. In 2000 he received the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award. After he died, the Sitges - Catalonian International Film Festival awarded him the "Honorary Grand Prize" for life achievement in 2008. He also received the Hugo Award three times for his work in science fiction.


Kyoto Protocol

The Kyoto Protocol is a plan created by the United Nations for the "United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change" that tries to reduce the effects of climate change, such as global warming. The plan says that countries that adopt (follow) the Kyoto Protocol have to try to reduce how much carbon dioxide (and other "greenhouse gases" that pollute the atmosphere) they release into the air.
The full name of the Kyoto Protocol is the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. It is called the "Kyoto" Protocol because it was made in Kyoto, Japan. The Kyoto Protocol was officially put into "full force" on February 16, 2005. On February 16, Russia began to follow (ratify) the Kyoto Protocol and it was decided to be put into "full force". As of 2020, 192 countries have agreed to follow the Kyoto Protocol.
There are still 29 countries which have not yet adopted it. Croatia and Kazakhstan have signed the treaty, but have not ratified it (made it a law they have to follow). Donald Trump and The United States of America has signed it but said that they will not ratify it. Australia has only recently ratified the Kyoto Protocol under the previous Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd. Both of these countries have said that the fact that China and India are using exceptions to the treaty (those countries believe parts of the treaty do not apply to them and they will not follow those parts) in the name of industrialization is unfair and that they will not ratify because of this, although it is believed that the U.S. and Australia are protecting their economic interests by not ratifying. The countries' leaders say that changing their use of greenhouse gases will make their people lose jobs. The twenty four other countries have neither signed nor ratified the treaty. 

Movie director

A movie director is a person who leads the making of a movie (or "film"). They take care of the artistic things in the movie. They give instructions to the actors and direct the people that work on the movie.

Directors give many of their responsibilities to other members of their movie-making team (called a movie crew). For example, the person who is responsible for the lighting is told by the director what style of lighting he wants and he then creates the lighting for him. It is common for movie directors to work closely with a movie producer. Movie producers are people who control the non-artistic side of movie making. For example, they control all the money that is used for making the movie.

The amount of control a director has in creating their movie is different for each director. It is most common for directors to have some control, while the rest of the movie-making is controlled by the movie studio, and by the people who pay for making the movie. This was very common for American movies made in the 1930s to 1950s. There are a small number of directors who are given complete control over making their movies. For example, Stanley Kubrick, Jean-Luc Godard, Steven Spielberg and James Cameron all had a great amount of control in making their movie.

Jack Nicholson

John Joseph Nicholson (born April 22, 1937) is an American retired actor, director, producer and writer. He started out as a writer and part-time actor. He became a star in 1969 when he had a small part in the movie "Easy Rider". He has won three Oscars, for "As Good as it Gets", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", and "Terms of Endearment". He is one of the fans for Los Angeles Lakers. Nicholson is one of only two actors who have been nominated for an Academy Award for acting in every decade from the 1960s to 2000s; the other is Michael Caine. Nicholson received the Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1999. He has won seven Golden Globe Awards. He received a Kennedy Center Honor in 2001. Nicholson dropped out from the remake movie "Toni Erdmann".

Nicholson was born at Jersey Shore University Medical Center in Neptune City, New Jersey, He is son of showgirl June Frances Nicholson.

Nicholson has been linked to many actresses and models, including Michelle Phillips, Bebe Buell and Lara Flynn Boyle. He had a intimate relationship with Anjelica Huston from 1973 to 1989. The relationship ended when the media reported Rebecca Broussard was pregnant with their child. Nicholson and Broussard had two children together, Lorraine and Raymond. Nicholson's other children are Jennifer (born with Sandra Knight) and Honey Hollman (born with Winnie Hollman). Susan Anspach says that her son, Caleb Goddard, was fathered by Nicholson. He is not sure that he is the father. Nicholson describes himself as a "lifelong Irish Democrat", although he says he supports every President, and he is staunchly pro-life. He is Roman Catholic. In 2020, Nicholson endorsed Bernie Sanders's second presidential campaign for the 2020 nomination.


1860s

The 1860s was the decade that began on January 1, 1860 and ended on December 31, 1869.


College football is first played in 1869.


Autism spectrum

The autism spectrum, often called just autism or autism spectrum disorder, refers to a disorder of brain development caused by differences in the structure of the brain. Autism changes how someone thinks, understands the world, moves, communicates, and socializes. Autism is a spectrum disorder, which means that every person with autism will have different symptoms and different severity of symptoms. Some autistic people may need a lot of help with one thing. Other autistic people may not need help with the same thing. It may be easy to tell when someone is autistic, or it may not be.

The main areas of difference from non-autistic people is thinking differences (how people think and understand the world), sensory processing differences (how people react to stimuli), motor differences, communication differences, developmental differences, and socializing differences.

Signs of autism are usually present when a child is around two or three, but some people are not diagnosed until later. Some people are not diagnosed until they are adults. There is no cure for autism and many autistic people do not want a cure. They want to be accepted as different. This is called neurodiversity. Autistic people who want their differences to be accepted may be part of the autism rights movement.
The word “autism” comes from the Greek word “autos”, meaning “self.” The term describes conditions in which a person is removed from social interaction: an “isolated self”. The term "autism" was first used by a psychiatrist named Eugen Bleuler in 1911 to describe one group of symptoms of schizophrenia. Sigmund Freud considered this idea and thought it was related to narcissism.

In the 1940s, two researchers were studying autism in different countries; Hans Asperger in Austria and Leo Kanner in the United States.

In 1943 Kanner (a doctor from Johns Hopkins University) did a study of 11 children. He found out that they had difficulties such as changing environments, being sensitive to certain stimuli, having speech problems, and allergies to food. Later he named the children’s condition “early infantile autism”, now called "autism" spectrum disorder.

Hans Asperger was doing a similar study in Austria He found they also had “[...] a lack of empathy, little ability to form friendships, one-sided conversation, intense absorption in a special interest and clumsy movements”. It used to be thought that Hans Asperger and Leo Kanner were looking at different children and that Hans Asperger found a "mild form" of autism. This was the initial justification for Asperger syndrome. However, later research found that they were doing research on similar populations. Hans Asperger was also doing research in Nazi-controlled Austria, which believed in eugenics. Eugenics is the idea that some people are better than others. In Nazi-controlled Europe, people who were considered inferior could be killed, imprisoned, and discriminated against. Hans Asperger sent children with disabilities to be murdered.

In 1943 and 1949, Kanner described the children he studied in scientific papers. He thought the children's parents were not loving them enough. He wrote that this might be part of the reason why the children had autism. In 1949 he wrote that the children's parents showed no warmth, or love, to their children. He thought the parents were so "cold" that he compared them to refrigerators:"“[The children] were left neatly in refrigerators which did not defrost. Their withdrawal seems to be an act of turning away from such a situation to seek comfort in solitude”."This idea became known as the "refrigerator mother theory". For decades parents were blamed for causing their children's autism by not loving their children enough. Now we know this is not true.

Schizophrenia and autism were linked in many researchers’ studies. It was in the 1960s when medical professionals started to see these two disorders as separate conditions. Since 1980, Kanner’s so-called "early infantile autism" is listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). It had a more accurate definition of autism in 1987. Since then, early infantile autism is called autism disorder. For the first time the DSM also introduced standardized criteria to diagnose autism. The fourth edition expanded the definition of autism and included milder cases of autism. Asperger’s syndrome was added as a type of autism in 1994.

Autism used to be considered many different conditions. Some diagnoses in the past include: Classical autism, Asperger's syndrome, and Pervasive Developmental Disorder Not Otherwise Specified (PDD-NOS). However, none of these separate diagnoses exist anymore. Both the US DSM-V (2013) and the ICD-11 (2022) have only one diagnosis: Autism spectrum disorder. This happened because doctors found that these diagnoses were frequently used in different ways. For example, one person could get a diagnosis of classical autism from one doctor, Asperger's from a second doctor, and PDD-NOS from a third doctor. This was hurting people's ability to access services and support.

Both the ICD-11 and the DSM-5 define autism by deficits. Deficits are areas where autistic people are not as good at something as non-autistic people. Autistic people have disagreed with how autism is defined by deficits and not by differences. In Welcome to the Autistic Community, a Simple English book, about being autistic, they refer to differences, rather than symptoms or deficits. Researchers and autistic advocates are working together on creating a way to diagnose that is based on autistic people's experiences of autism and is not deficit based.

The symptoms or characteristics of autism can look different depending on how old you are. Doctors are supposed to keep that in mind while diagnosing autism. For example, a toddler and an adult, while they both are autistic, would express it very differently.

These symptoms must be persistent. Persistent means that these symptoms must keep happening over a long span of time. If a symptom only happened once, it wouldn't be persistent. Autism is life-long.

These are the two areas where symptoms must be present to diagnose autism spectrum disorders. Both the ICD-11 and DSM-5 say that there have to be some symptoms in childhood, but that sometimes symptoms won't fully manifest until later.

Difficulty in social interactions and communicating with each other.

Some examples are:

This means behavior that happens over and over again and it is difficult to change. This can happen in many different situations: talking, routine, body movements, and others.

Some examples include:



For a diagnosis, the symptoms must affect the person's life. This can include social, school, job, or other areas. For example, someone having trouble making friends, or having trouble getting a job.

In 2021, an online survey of 16-90 year-olds showed that autistic men are more likely to be bisexual, while autistic women are more likely to be homosexual.

NHS England calculated in 2022 that autistic people, without a learning disability, were more likely to die and lived, on average, about 5 years less than other people.

There are many studies on how many autistic people there are. In the United States, the CDC does studies. In 2018, they found that 1 in 44 children are autistic. That is about 2%. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), 1 in 100 children worldwide are diagnosed with autism. This number keeps going up. Many people wonder why there are more and more autistic children. Some people think that something is causing it. But most scientists think that we are getting better at diagnosing autism. More doctors know about autism and can diagnose children that they see. More people have access to medical care and can get a diagnosis.

In the past, autism was considered a disorder for white boys. Still, more white boys are diagnosed, and it is 4 times more diagnosed in boys than in girls.Girls and children of color are under-diagnosed. Under-diagnosed means that girls and people of color are not diagnosed as often as they should be. They may receive a different diagnosis, or they may not receive any diagnosis at all. Now, more girls and children of color are getting diagnosed. Many women and people of color also get a diagnosis or realize they are autistic as adults. Another reason might be that girls are more likely to mask or camouflage their autism to fit in.

Scientists do not know exactly what causes autism. There may be many different causes for autism. Scientists do know about some things that make a person more likely to have an Autism Spectrum Disorder.

Autism may be caused by genes. Genes are passed on from parents to children. If you have an autistic family member, you are more likely to be autistic. Some doctors look for the genes that cause autism. This is criticized by some autistic people.

Some researchers think that differences in the brain may cause autism. However, no one type of abnormal functioning of the brain is the only cause of autism. Still, scientists found some differences between the brains of autistic people and the brains of people who are not autistic. Autistic people and non-autistic people might use their brain differently. Autistic people might use certain parts of the brain more than non-autistic people.

A study by a group at Stanford Medicine found that there are structural and functional differences in the mesolimbic reward pathway of children with autism, particularly in the connections between the nucleus accumbens and the ventral tegmental area. The mesolimbic reward pathway is the pathway that allows people to find social interactions and other stimuli rewarding. In this pathway, the nucleus accumbens are involved in processing social stimuli and the ventral tegmental area is where dopaminergic neurons, the neurons that respond to dopamine, are concentrated. The abnormalities in this pathway prevent children on the autism spectrum from finding social interactions rewarding, which can contribute to how they interact with others. This means that they are less motivated to interact with other people which can contribute to their deficits in social interaction. Furthermore, these differences contribute to the severity of their symptoms.

There are some factors during pregnancy that can make autism more likely. The likelihood of autism increases if the mother uses thalidomide, valproic acid or drinks too much alcohol during pregnancy. The risk for autism also increases with the age of father and mother at the time of pregnancy.

Maternal folate deficiency is also a prenatal and perinatal factor that is a risk factor for autism. Folate (Folic Acid) is a micronutrient that is a type of B vitamin. This nutrient can play a vital role in a uterus’s development and the production of healthy red blood cells. A person can get folate in by eating fruits and vegetables. It was hypothesized that maternal supplementation of folate can help reduce a baby’s risk of developing ASD. Research on the relationship between folate and Autism Spectrum Disorder has had mixed results. Studies conducted by Raghavan et al. (2017) and Levine et al. (2018) found that when a mother was exposed to folate through supplements before and/or during pregnancy, there was a reduced risk of the child having Autism. However, in Egorova et al.’s (2020) study of the biomarkers found in the blood serum samples of mothers of children with Autism, it was found that higher levels of folate were correlated with an increased risk of ASD.

Some things don't cause autism but people used to think they did.

Scientists used to think that the parents caused autism by not loving their child enough. This is not true. Scientists know that parents do not cause their children's autism.

Scientists do know for sure that vaccines do not cause autism. Vaccines do not even make a person more likely to have autism, even if they are already likely to have autism before they get their vaccines.

One paper said in 1997 that vaccines caused autism. This study did not do research the right way. Many studies have shown that this is not true. Vaccines do not cause autism. This paper was retracted because it was incorrect.

Diagnosing autism can be hard because there is no medical test like a blood test. Instead, an evaluation is made by a team of doctors and other health professionals who are experienced in autism and know the person trying to get diagnosed.

A reliable diagnosis can first be given at the age of two. At the age of 18 and 24 months, children should get a check-up. If anything wrong is noticed, a further evaluation is done. In this, a team of professionals will talk to the child’s guardians about the child’s behaviour and see what they are like in different settings. This may also include behavioural or physical assessments as well as intelligence tests or developmental tests. A good, detailed history of the child is often very useful in getting a diagnosis.

Autism can be diagnosed in adults as well as children. This can be difficult because autism has symptoms that can also be a part of other disorders, such as OCD, that may have appeared by adulthood. An expert will usually ask the adult about concerns, challenges in life (such as socially or behaviourally) as well as standardised testing in these areas. They also often ask for a developmental history.

In 2013, the American Psychiatric Association published the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-V). In order to be diagnosed with autism, a person must have two standardized criteria. It is important that individuals must show symptoms from early childhood, even if those symptoms are recognized later. These symptoms have to limit everyday functioning. These symptoms also cannot be explained by an intellectual disability or a developmental delay.

Autism Spectrum Disorder is characterized by difficulties in social interaction, verbal and nonverbal communication and repetitive behaviours.

Autism spectrum disorder includes a wide range of symptoms, skills and levels of disability. Some autistic people also have learning disabilities, mental health issues or other conditions. This means that autism can also co-occur with other conditions and symptoms:

In the DSM-V, making a diagnosis of autism means a formal diagnosis of other psychiatric disorders cannot be made. Therefore, other mental health conditions may be undiagnosed in an autistic person, because it is impossible to make a comorbid clinical diagnosis.

Since autism is a spectrum, every person with autism is different. Different treatments help different people. There are a few different categories of treatment. The main ones are medication, different therapies and diets. The treatment is fitted depending on what a person with autism needs.

It is still unclear what causes autism. There may be a few causes. At the moment, it is only possible to lower the symptoms of autism. A full recovery from autism is not possible. If therapies cannot reduce the symptoms of autism, medications are used additionally. Often, several medications are used at the same time to treat different symptoms of autism.

Serotonin is a chemical messenger that transports signals between cells and is very important for normal function, such as with sensory perception, memory, learning, and sleep, all of which are impaired in autistic people.

Researchers have not yet found a link between autism and serotonin, although they have been successful in treating autism with SSRIs, which stop cells from absorbing serotonin, meaning more is used for signals.

They can be used to treat repetitive behaviour, aggression, hyperactive behaviour and outbursts of anger. The SSRIs can have many side-effects. Usually the medication is better tolerated by adults than by children. Examples of SSRIs are Clomipramine, Fluvoxamine, Sertraline, Venlafaxine, Trazodone and Mirtazapine.

Dopamine is a chemical messenger in the brain. It helps to do movements, release hormones and strengthen cognitive abilities. Researchers found that increasing the amount of dopamine in the brain will worsen the symptoms of autism. Substances that help to reduce symptoms of autism are the antipsychotic drugs. There are two types of antipsychotic medications. One of the types is typical antipsychotics. They block the sites where dopamine would bind to a cell. Atypical antipsychotic drugs block the sites where dopamine or serotonin would bind to a cell. Antipsychotic medicine is the most successful treatment for excitability in autism. It can also help to reduce aggression, self-injury, hyperactivity and repetitive behaviours, although it may have many side-effects. Originally, antipsychotic medications were used to treat mental disorders like depression, bipolar disorder or schizophrenia. Examples of antipsychotic drugs are Haloperidol, Clozapine, Risperidone and Paliperidone.

In the beginning, psychostimulants were only used for patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Researchers found out that they can also help patients with autism. The medication can reduce hyperactivity and inattention in people with autism. The medication can have many side-effects. Examples are Methylphenidate, Clonidine and Guanfacine.

People with autism often have problems with their digestive organs like the stomach or gut. These problems could be inflammations, abdominal pain, gas, diarrhea or bacterial overgrowth. The reasons may be malnutrition, food intolerances or allergies. Specific food products causing these problems are left out from the diet. In many cases, products containing gluten or casein, the main protein occurring in dairy products, are excluded. In many cases vitamins, minerals as well as essential fatty acids are additionally provided. A big problem is that many autistic people cannot tell that they have pain. Because of this, many problems concerning the digestive organs are not noticed.

Applied Behavioral Analysis

Applied Behavior Analysis uses research-supported data to design treatment protocols that aim to reduce problematic behavior among individuals with autism and build habits and skills to help them live more independently. It often includes different types of therapies including occupational therapy, speech therapy, etc.

Therapy can be used to minimize distress caused by sensory overload. Special therapy plans are created for each autistic person. What is part of these plans depends on what the autistic person needs help with. The therapist tries to help the autistic person in many different aspects. One part of this is sensory integration. The therapist will help the patient to make sense of different sensory inputs. For example, they may ask a child patient to play with finger paints or collect objects from a bag of dried beans.Another part is the training of daily life activities. The therapist may help the patient to get used to things like getting dressed, eating, hygiene, shopping and financial management. These may be done one step at a time if the activity involves multiple steps, such as cooking. Play therapy is also helpful, especially for children. It can be useful to learn about certain emotions, which can be hard for autistic people. This can also be used to help learn social conventions, such as shaking hands instead of hugging when meeting a stranger.

Often animals are used to help autistic people. Most often dogs or horses are used. The people diagnosed with autism can care for these animals, pet them, and, in the case of the horse, even ride on them. Studies showed that the interaction between an autistic person and animals can increase communication, reduce stress, fear, and aggression, and reduce the severity of the symptoms of autism.

Music therapy has two parts. One is an active listening part. Here, the therapist is making music himself or playing music from a record. In the other part, the autistic person can make music himself like playing an instrument or singing. Music therapy will improve different aspects of communication.

Different materials and techniques are used to draw pictures. The aim of art therapy is to make the autistic person more flexible and relaxed and to improve communication skills, self-image and learning skills. The effects of the therapy can be long lasting and transferred to the school, work or home setting.



Scientific studies

Italian language

The Italian language is a Romance language spoken in Italy. Other countries that use Italian as their "official language" are San Marino, Vatican City and Switzerland. Slovenia, and Croatia also use Italian as an official language, but only in some regions. Italian is spoken by about 70 million people in several countries, including some parts of Monaco, Malta, Albania, Montenegro, Dodecanese (Greece), Eritrea, Libya, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tunisia. The standard version from Tuscany is used for most writing but other dialects are sometimes written.

It is mostly derived from Latin, with some words from Greek, Etruscan and elsewhere. It is called an inflected language - that means that the meaning of words can be changed by changing their endings. Italian nouns are either masculine or feminine in gender (these usually have little to do with natural genders).

Most singular masculine nouns end in -o, and most plural masculine nouns end in -i.

Most singular feminine nouns end in -a, and most plural feminine nouns end in -e.

So:

The ending of verbs are quite complicated because of conjugation. The endings depend upon the "tense" of the verb (past, present, future and so on) and on the "person" of the verb (I, you, they etc.). Because Italian grammar uses endings for these inflections, the personal pronoun is not always needed (in the following example it is in parenthesis).

So:

There are very many of these endings to learn - it is one of the more difficult parts of the Italian Grammar. But pronunciation is simple - there are just a few rules to learn, and hardly any difficult sounds.

Many Italian words for food have entered the English language, such as: pizza, spaghetti and ravioli. Many technical words in music are Italian, such as forte and allegro. Many musical instrument names are also Italian, such as cello and tuba. Mafia and vendetta come from the darker side of Italian culture. 

Pidgin versions of the Italian language were developed in the colonies of Italy: the most important were in Eritrea, Somalia and Libya.



Namibia

The Republic of Namibia is a country in southern Africa on the Atlantic coast. It is bordered by Angola and Zambia to the north, Botswana to the east, and South Africa to the south. It does not border Zimbabwe, but it is very close to it. It gained independence from South Africa in 1990. Before that it was called South West Africa. Its capital is Windhoek.

Before World War I Namibia was a German colony. German is still widely spoken in the country, although English is the official language.

Namibia has a population of 2.1 million people.

The name of the country is from the Namib Desert. This is said to be the oldest desert in the world.

The dry lands of Namibia were lived in since early times by Bushmen, Damara and Nama. About the 14th century AD, Bantu came to the area from central Africa. From the late 18th century onwards, Orlam clans from the Cape Colony crossed the Orange River. They moved into the area that today is southern Namibia. The nomadic Nama tribes were largely peaceful. The missionaries with the Orlams were well received by them, the right to use waterholes and grazing was given. On their way further north, the Orlams met clans of the Herero tribe. They were not as friendly. The Nama-Herero War started in 1880. They did not stop until Imperial Germany sent troops.

The first Europeans to explore the region were the Portuguese navigators Diogo Cão in 1485 and Bartolomeu Dias in 1486. Like most of Sub-Saharan Africa, Namibia was not largely explored by Europeans until the 19th century. At this time traders and settlers arrived, mostly from Germany and Sweden. 

Namibia became a German colony in 1884. This was to stop the British. The country was called German South-West Africa. From 1904 to 1907, the Herero and the Namaqua took up arms against the Germans. In the following , 10,000 Nama (half the population) and about 65,000 Hereros (about 80% of the population) were killed.

South Africa began to rule the land in 1915. They defeated the German force during World War I. It was a League of Nations mandate territory from 1919. In 1946 the League was replaced by the United Nations. South Africa would not give up their rule of the land. Many people thought the land should be independent from South Africa. In 1971 South Africa was told their hold on the country was illegal. They still did not leave.

The country officially became independent on 21 March 1990. Sam Nujoma became the first President of Namibia.
Namibia is divided into 14 regions and subdivided into 121 constituencies. Regional councillors are directly elected through secret ballots.


Tourism is a major contributor (14.5%) to Namibia's economy. It creates tens of thousands of jobs (18.2% of all employment). There are over a million tourists per year. The country is among the main tourist places in Africa and is known for ecotourism which features Namibia's extensive and diverse wildlife.

There are many lodges and reserves for tourists. Sport Hunting is also a large, and growing part of the Namibian economy. It was 14% of total tourism in the year 2000. Namibia has numerous species wanted by international sport hunters. In addition, extreme sports such as sandboarding and 4x4ing have become popular. Many cities have companies that provide tours. The most visited places include the Caprivi Strip, Fish River Canyon, Sossusvlei, the Skeleton Coast Park, Sesriem, Etosha Pan and the coastal towns of Swakopmund, Walvis Bay and Lüderitz.

Namibia has required free education for 10 years between the ages of 6 and 16. Grades 1–7 are primary level, grades 8–12 secondary.

Most schools in Namibia are state-run. There are a few private schools. There are four teacher training colleges, three colleges of agriculture, a police training college, a Polytechnic at university level, and a National University.

The most popular sport in Namibia is football. The Namibia national football team qualified for the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations. They have yet to qualify for any World Cups. The Namibian rugby team has been in four separate World Cups. Namibia were participants in the 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2011 Rugby World Cups. Cricket is also popular. The national team played in the 2003 Cricket World Cup.

Inline Hockey was first played in 1995. It has become more and more popular in the last years. The Women's Inline Hockey National Team were in the 2008 FIRS World Championships. Namibia is the home for one of the toughest footraces in the world, the Namibian ultra marathon.

The most famous athlete from Namibia is certainly Frankie Fredericks, sprinter (100 and 200 m). He won four Olympic silver medals (1992, 1996). He also has medals from several World Athletics Championships. He is also known for humanitarian activities in Namibia and further.



Jubal Early

Jubal Anderson Early (November 3, 1816 – March 2, 1894) was a Confederate general in the American Civil War. He commanded a corps in Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. He invaded the north in 1864. After the war, he was one of the major defenders of the Confederate.

Lewis Carroll

Lewis Carroll was the pen name of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson (Daresbury, Cheshire, 27 January 1832 – Guildford, Surrey, 14 January 1898). Dodgson was an Oxford don, a logician (mathematics expert), a writer, a poet, an Anglican clergyman, and a photographer. He is most famous for his story "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" which he told to a young friend, Alice Liddell, when he took the girl and two sisters on a boat trip. Alice enjoyed the story and asked Dodgson to write it down. Carroll then wrote a second story about Alice called "Through the Looking-Glass". Both stories are still popular all over the world.

Dodgson was a Fellow of Christ Church, Oxford, specialising in logic and mathematics. He wrote a number of books and pamphlets on the subject. He died of pneumonia in Guildford, Surrey.



Belize

Belize () is a country in Central America. It used to be called "British Honduras", but changed its name in 1973. Long before that it was part of the Mayan Empire. Belize is the only English-speaking country in Central America. 

Some people in Belize speak Spanish or Kriol, but English is the official language and the most commonly spoken. This is because Belize is a former colony of the United Kingdom, while its neighbors were once colonies of Spain. Many people speak two languages. Belize is a melting pot of cultures. 

More than three hundred and thirty thousand (374,681 (2017)) people live in Belize. Kriols make up about 21% of the Belizean people. Three Maya groups now live in the country: the Yucatec, the Mopan, and Kekchi. The Garinagu are a mix of African, Arawak, and Carib ancestry. There are also Mestizos.

Belmopan, which is near the centre of the country, is its capital. The first capital was Belize City. Other towns and cities include Belize City, Corozal Town, Orange Walk Town, Punta Gorda, Santa Elena/San Ignacio (known as the twin town) and San Pedro Town.

Belize is on the coast of the Caribbean Sea. There are about 450 islands. The largest island, Ambergris Caye, is forty kilometres long. Many other islands are very small. In the water around the islands are coral reefs.

The temperature along the coast is hot all year round. It typically ranges from 21 °C to 32 °C. Sometimes hurricanes hit, causing great damage.

Belize is on the Caribbean coast of northern Central America. It shares a border on the north with the Mexican state of Quintana Roo, on the west with the Guatemalan department of Petén, and on the south with the Guatemalan department of Izabal. To the east is the Caribbean Sea. The Belize Barrier Reef is along most of the of predominantly marshy coastline. Belize have the second largest living barrier reef in the world. The area of the country totals . There are many lagoons along the coasts and in the northern part of the country. This makes the actual land area smaller at .

The Hondo and the Sarstoon River make the northern and southern border.

The north of Belize is mostly flat, swampy coastal plains. In some places it is heavily forested. The south has the low mountain range of the Maya Mountains. The highest point in Belize is Doyle's Delight at . The Caribbean coast is lined with a coral reef and about 450 islets and islands.The islands are locally called cayes (pronounced "keys"). Three of only four coral atolls in the Western Hemisphere are off the coast of Belize.

Over 60% of Belize's land surface is covered by forest. 20% is covered by cultivated land (agriculture) and human settlements. There are also important mangrove ecosystems across Belize's landscape.

Belize is divided into 6 districts. The districts are shown below with their areas (in km) and number of people at the 2010 Census:
Total areas and number of people 22,964 – 312,971

These districts are further divided into 31 constituencies.

The largest communities as of 2017 are:

The Belize Defence Force (BDF) is the military. It is responsible for protecting Belize. In 1997, the regular army had over 900 people, the reserve army 381, the air wing 45 and the maritime wing 36. This amounts to an overall strength of about 1400. In 2005, the maritime wing became part of the Belizean Coast Guard. In the same year, the government spent $1.2 million on the military. This is 1.87% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP).

After Belize became independent in 1981 the United Kingdom kept some military in the country to protect it from invasion by Guatemala. The main British force left in 1994. This was three years after Guatemala said Belize was independent. The United Kingdom still keeps some military people in the country. In 2011 the base was only 10 soldiers due to British budget cuts. They hope to reopen the base later.

Belizean cuisine is inspired by British, Mexican and Western Caribbean cooking. Since Belize is a melting pot of culture, it has adopted dishes from many different countries. The basic ingredients are rice and beans. These are often eaten with chicken, pork, veal, fish or vegetables. Coconut milk and fried plantains are added to the dishes to create a truly tropical taste. Exotic ingredients include armadillo meat, venison, iguana, iguana egg, and fried paca. Conch soup is a traditional dish. It has a characteristic taste and thick consistency due to added okra, potatoes, yams, cassava flour and a touch of toasted habanero. Belizean food is almost always served alongside white rice in coconut milk.

The most common dishes that you will encounter in Belize are the following:

Mestizo- Tamales, Relleno, Escabeche, Empanades and many other corn food. 

Creole- The famous Rice and Beans, sere, and other dishes with may include cassava and yam.

The major sports in Belize are football, basketball, volleyball and cycling. There are smaller followings of boat racing, track & field, softball and cricket. Fishing is also popular in areas of Belize. The Cross Country Cycling Classic is one of the most important Belize sports events. This one-day sports event is meant for amateur cyclists but has also gained a worldwide popularity.

On Easter day, citizens of Dangriga participate in a yearly fishing tournament. First, second, and third prize are awarded based on a scoring combination of size, species, and number. The tournament is broadcast over local radio stations. Prize money is awarded to the winners.

Belize's National Basketball Team is the only National Team to have major victories internationally.

The black orchid (Encyclia Cochleatum) is the National Flower of Belize. This orchid grows on trees in damp areas, and flowers nearly all year round. Its clustered bulblike stems vary in size up to six inches long and carry two or three leaves.

The black orchid flower has greenish-yellow petals and sepals with purple blotches near the base. The "lip" (one petal of special construction, which is the flower's showiest) is shaped like a valve of a clamshell (hence the name Encyclia Cochleatum) and is deep purple-brown, almost black, with conspicuous radiating purple veins.

The National Tree of Belize is the Mahogany Tree ("Swietenia macrophylla"), one of the magnificent giants of the Belize rain forest. It rises straight and tall to over a hundred feet. In the early months of the year, when the leaves fall and new red-brown growth appears, the tree can be seen from a great distance. The tree puts out a many small whitish flowers. The flowers blossom into dark fruits, which are pear-shaped capsules about six inches long. The mahogany tree matures in 60 to 80 years.

The Keel Billed Toucan ("Ramphastos sulfuratus") is the National Bird of Belize. It is noted for its great, canoe-shaped bill and its brightly coloured green, blue, red and orange feathers. There are toucans in open areas of the country with large trees. It is mostly black with bright yellow cheeks and chest, red under the tail and a distinctive white patch at the base of the tail. They make a monotonous frog-like croak. Toucans like fruits. They eat by cutting with the serrated edge of their bills.

The Tapir or Mountain Cow (Tapirello Bairdii) is the largest land mammal of the American tropics. The tapir is a stoutly built animal with short legs, about the size of a donkey and weighs up to 600 pounds. Its general color is dusty brown with a white fringe around the eyes and lips, white tipped ears and occasional white patches of fur on the throat and chest.

In spite of its local name, the tapir is not a cow. It is closely related to the horse and is also kin to the rhinoceros. The tapir is a vegetarian. It spends much of its time in water or mud shallows, and is a strong swimmer.

The National Animal is protected under the law thus the hunting of the tapir is illegal.

Notes

Michael Landon

Michael Landon (October 31, 1936 - July 1, 1991) was an American actor. He is best known for his roles on the TV shows, "Bonanza", "Little House on the Prairie", and "Highway to Heaven".


Titanic

The RMS Titanic was a British passenger ship. She was built by Harland and Wolff ship builders, in Belfast, for the White Star Line shipping company. She sank during her first trip at sea, after hitting an iceberg.

Before "Titanic" sailed, many people thought it would be almost impossible for ships of this design to sink, due to her configuration of watertight bulkheads and an incident involving her older sister "Olympic".

"Titanic" had a length of 882 feet, 9 inches (or 269.1 meters), a height of 175 feet (53.3 meters), a draught of 34 foot, 7 inches (or 10.5 m), and a width of 92 feet, 6 inches (or 28 meters), and "Titanic" weighs 52,310 tons.

After Cunard Line launched their two sister ships "Mauritania" and "Lusitania", White Star knew they had to be better. They responded by making plans for three sister ships, named "Olympic", "Titanic", and "Britannic". 

The three sisters would have been the biggest ships ever at the time, standing at an impressive 882.6 feet long, and 175 feet high from the very bottom to the funnels. 

They were also to be the most luxurious ships ever designed. Below the waterline was the orlop decks for cargo, and the tank top where the engines, boilers, turbines, and electrical generators were. At the very top was the boat deck, where the bridge and wheelhouse were, as well as the lifeboats. Accommodations for first class included a gymnasium, four dining location options (Dining saloon, Cafe Parisian, A La Carte Resturant, and the Veranda Cafe), a reading room, swimming pool, squash court, and a Turkish bath. Second class had a library, which was used by first and second class. All of the classes had lounges, promenades, and smoking rooms. In between were the decks for the passengers with first, second, and third class cabins. "Titanic" would act like a floating hotel, featuring the Grand Staircase which allowed first-class passengers to move from deck to deck, and had a dome skylight to allow natural light in. "Titanic" carried 20 out of possible 64 lifeboats. "Titanic" had 4 funnels, but only 3 were attached to boilers. Many claimed the "Titanic" was unsinkable because the hull was divided into 16 watertight compartments. 
"Olympic" and "Titanic" began construction as build numbers 400 and 401, respectively. The two ships were built next to each other in Harland and Wolff's shipyard. Nearly three million rivets were used for "Titanic". The construction of the "Titanic" began on 31 March 1909. 

"Titanic" was launched 2 years later on 31 May 1911. It would cost $7.5 million to build. 

In September 1911, "Olympic" collided with the British warship HMS "Hawke". The damaged "Olympic" went back to port for repairs, making Titanic's building late.

"Titanic"'s voyage was going badly before it even started. The Coal Strike of 1912 caused many smaller ships' trips to be cancelled and their passengers transferred to "Titanic". A passenger who booked first class on "Oceanic", another White Star Line ship, was offered second class on "Titanic". He declined the offer.

Famous passengers aboard included American millionaire John Jacob Astor IV, American fashion icon Margaret Brown, and President Taft's military aide, Archibald Butt.

Important cargo included a jeweled copy of the Rubaiyat, a red Renault car owned by William Carter, 12 cases of ostrich feathers, and 76 cases of "Dragon's blood."

She left from Southampton, England at noon on 10 April 1912. "Titanic" was nearly hit by the American steamer SS "New York". Luckily, "New York" was pulled away by the tugboat named "Vulcan". Due to this delay, "Titanic" arrived in the ports of Cherbourg and Queenstown about two hours later than expected.

"Titanic" received more than ten ice warnings from various vessels across the Atlantic, warning her of icebergs on her planned route. Captain Smith ordered the ship to steer to the south to not hit an iceberg.

A lifeboat drill on April 14 was cancelled because Captain Smith held a Sunday service in the first class dining saloon. 

"Titanic"'s wireless operators received a warning from the SS "Californian". The operators, who were behind in sending messages due to a broken radio system the day previous, told "Californian" to shut up and keep out. "Titanic" was working to the Cape Race radio station, nearly 400 miles away. As such, "Titanic" had to have their headphones turned up to max to hear them. When "Californian" buzzed in, the noise was so loud it nearly deafened "Titanic"'s operators. "Californian" shut down their radio system for the night.

As it became dark, the water temperatures were dropping to below freezing and there was no moonlight, or waves, making it difficult to see approaching icebergs.

At 11:39 on 14 April 1912, during the "Titanic"'s first trip, the lookouts Frederick Fleet and Reginald Lee both spotted an iceberg ahead in the path. Fleet rang the lookout bell three times, and telephoned James Moody at the ship’s bridge, shouting “Iceberg, right ahead!”

Fleet had spotted the iceberg with his eyes, since the crows nest binoculars were locked away. The key’s owner, David Blair, had been removed from the Titanic’s crew at the last minute and forgot to hand over the key. William Murdoch orders Robert Hichens to steer "Titanic" away from an iceberg and the engines to be stopped or reversed, but it was too late. 

At 11:40, "Titanic" collided with an iceberg in the Atlantic Ocean. The iceberg tore gashes into the "Titanic"'s lower hull through five watertight compartments, letting water into the ship. The "Titanic" sank two hours and forty minutes later at 2:20 on 15 April 1912.

Before "Titanic" sinks after hitting an iceberg, lifeboats were lowered with the order "women and children first," calling for men to step back and allow their wives and children into the boats before them. 

The Cunard liner RMS "Carpathia", 58 miles away, heard the distress call and began sailing towards the "Titanic" to rescue the passengers. 

Distressed players were shot into the sky to help locate the sinking "Titanic". By 1:00 A.M., with the lower decks flooding, the bow began to sink below the water’s surface. As the bow dipped underwater, passengers and crew began to panic, sometimes overfilling lifeboats. 

The officers used their revolvers in an attempt to keep order. One of the officers supposedly shot two passengers before turning his gun on himself. Captain Smith gave the order "every man for himself," calling for the crew to abandon their posts, as the sinking had gotten to a point where any sense of order had evaporated.

The sinking accelerated as water reached the boat deck, with the final two lifeboats having to be cut free from the deck and floated off. The ship's forward two funnels also collapsed when water reached their bases, sucking anyone unfortunate enough to be near them to the boiler rooms. By 2:05, the last lifeboat, Collapsible A, had left, but 1,500 people were left on board. The clock says 2:15. The dome of the Grand Staircase implodes by the water pressure. The propellers were completely out of waters; the stern rises higher into the air.

At 2:18, "Titanic" reaches 45 degrees. Her lights went out, and a huge roar is heard. The keel starts to crack, and "Titanic" breaks in half. "Titanic" disappears beneath the sea, 2 hours and 40 minutes after colliding with an iceberg. The ship was then claimed by the dead-calm, freezing-cold ocean. The wreck killed around 1,500 people. Only 705 people lived, out of the roughly 2,200 aboard. It was one of the worst shipwrecks up to that point that was not during a war.
One reason why so many people died was that the ship did not have enough lifeboats for everyone on board. The "Titanic" had 20 lifeboats with room for 1,178 passengers, only about a third of the number of passengers the ship could carry. It actually had more lifeboats than was needed by law (it needed 16 with room for 990 passengers). This was because the laws put forth by the British Board of Trade were out of date. They did not say that a ship needed enough lifeboats for all passengers. They only said that a ship weighing more than 10,000 tons needed 16 lifeboats (the Titanic weighed 46,000 tons). Furthermore, the White Star Line believed that the lifeboats on the "Titanic" would only be needed to take passengers a short distance to a rescue ship.

Higher class women and children were allowed on the lifeboats first, and passengers who sailed in first class (which meant that they paid for better rooms on the ship) were allowed on before other passengers. Few of the poorer people who had paid less (called second class and third class passengers) got out safely. Stories persist of the third class passengers being locked behind massive floor-to-ceiling gates, but those stories are merely a myth. A similar event that did occur, however, was the staff of the A La Carte Restaurant being locked in their cabins overnight. They were not employed by White Star and were mostly immigrants. Only two of them, who happened to be outside their cabins when they were locked, survived. The rest drowned, locked away below decks.

Several of the wealthier passengers stepped aside to allow the women and children into the lifeboats. Among them was the American businessman Benjamin Guggenheim, who was spoke to his mistress right before she left in one of the boats. Tell my wife I've done my best in doing my duty. We are dressed in our best and prepared to go down as gentlemen. No woman shall die because Ben Guggenheim was a coward.Another reason so few people survived was that the radio was off on the "SS Californian", the ship closest to the "Titanic". The "Californian"'s crew did not hear about the accident until the morning afterwards. Also, the "Titanic" did have rockets, but they were white. Back then, and still today, red meant emergency and other colors were used for identification. "Californian" saw the flares and assumed they were either company signals or sealing ships signaling to one another. Another ship, the RM"S Carpathia", did hear about the accident and collected all 705 survivors. Other vessels from all over the Atlantic came rushing to aid the stricken liner.

The high death toll had several reasons:

Many of those who died didn't die because they couldn't leave the ship before it sank. They died of hypothermia, while they were floating in the cold water, which was 28 degrees Fahrenheit (-2 Celcius). When the RMS "Carpathia" arrived, at 4.10 ship's time, there were many floating dead bodies in the water. Many lifeboats rowed away from those who were in the water shouting for help. Most lifeboats also did not go back to the ship, like lifeboat 6. The people on the lifeboats were scared because the sinking might cause their boats to be pulled under by the waves. The people in the lifeboats were afraid the lifeboat would capsize when people entered it from the water. Only lifeboat 4 returned to the shouting people in the water. Five people could be rescued, but two of them died in the lifeboat. Around 3 AM ship's time, 40 minutes after the sinking, the last calls for help ceased. After 3 AM, lifeboat 14, commanded by Fifth Officer Harold Lowe, returned. He managed to save another four people, one of which died. 

The following table gives a listing of those who died and those who survived, grouped by age, gender and ships class. Children are those up to age 12. It is taken from a report to British Parliament of 1912. There are other lists, with slightly different numbers. 
The "Titanic" disaster changed many maritime ship laws. Because so many people died, authorities felt that laws should be put into place to make ship travel safer. Changes included requiring all ships to carry enough lifeboats for everyone on the ship, and emergency materials such as flares. Someone must be at the ship's radio all the time to respond to distress calls. The disaster also caused the creation of the International Ice Patrol, an organization dedicated to warning maritime vessels of icebergs in the Atlantic.

Alexander Brehm, a German physicist, was shocked when he heard about the disaster. He wanted to invent a technology that would be able to detect icebergs. He wasn't able to achieve that goal until his death, but he was granted patents relating to the measurement of the depth at sea, using sound. Today, this is known as echo sounding. 

Of the 337 bodies recovered, 119 were buried at sea. 150 "Titanic" victims are buried in three Halifax cemeteries: Fairview Lawn, Mount Olivet and Baron de Hirsch.

Grave 227 marked “J. Dawson”, who was aged 20, gained fame following the release of the 1997 film "Titanic", since the name of Leonardo DiCaprio’s character in the film is Jack Dawson. This grave actually belongs to Joseph Dawson, an Irishman who worked in Titanic’s boiler room as a coal trimmer.

The wreck was found by a French and American team, led by Dr. Robert Ballard, on September 1, 1985 early that morning by the DSV Alvin, a ship that goes down very deep (submersible). 

In 1986, Ballard returned to the wreck with a submarine. He took many photos and made lots of films and footage, and he got really famous. 

In 1987, a French team on the DSV Nautile, a ship that goes under the water, salvaged some 900 objects and took them to the surface. This act made some people very angry because they thought that the Titanic should be left alone, as it is a place where lots of people died.

In June 1994, the U.S. gave RMS Titanic Inc., which used to be known as Titanic Ventures, full permission to take whatever it would like from the wreck.

In September 1995, "Titanic", directed by James Cameron, began production.

In September of 2000, a Russian "Titanic" tour submersible got caught in a high-speed underwater current and smashed into one of the ship's propellers. They managed to free themselves with mostly no damage to either ship. 

In 2012, the Titanic’s remains turned 100 years old. 

In June 2023, OceanGate’s submersible, RV "Titan" (Cyclops 2), lost contact with the surface and imploded, resulting in the deaths of five very rich people who paid 250,000 dollars to trip down to the "Titanic."

In August of 2023, RMS Titanic Inc. made plans to go to the wreck and recover the radio machine from the wreck. This was met lots of anger, as people were worried the expedition would hurt the ship. The US government did not want the company to do this, so they probably won't.

In March 2024, Clive Palmer, an Australian billionaire, announced plans for construction of a "Titanic II" to begin, taking the same voyage route as the original.

Today, it is unclear, if the exact positions where the iceberg hit the ship can still be determined.

The story of the sinking has been made into several movies. The most popular film version is James Cameron's 1997 film starring Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio called "Titanic". It won 11 Academy Awards, tying "Ben-Hur" for the record for the most Academy Awards won by one movie. 

Other movie versions of the story include the 1958 film "A Night to Remember", the 1953 film "Titanic", the 1979 film "S.O.S. Titanic "and the 1996 miniseries "Titanic".

More recently, the 2024 film "Unsinkable" was announced, featuring the American Senate Inquiry into the disaster, as well as flashbacks to the night of the sinking.

In the 1980 film "Raise the Titanic", directed by Jerry Jameson, salvagers raise the shipwreck from the bottom of the ocean to the surface in one piece. However, this is impossible to do in reality. The "Titanic" broke in two, and the wreck is partially stuck in the bottom, buried under more than a yard (1 m) of mud in some spots. The ship has been on the ocean floor for more than 100 years, and would break into many more pieces if disturbed. Worms and other animals have eaten away much of the wood and many other parts.

Countless books also exist of the event, the most famous of these being A Night to Remember, the 1953 book that inspired the 1958 film of the same name.

Several video games have been made about the sinking, most notably the 1996 game "Titanic: Adventure out of Time", and the still-in-development video game "Titanic: Honor and Glory" (2023).


Steel

Steel is iron mixed with carbon and sometimes other metals. It is harder and stronger than iron. Iron with more than 1.7% percent carbon by weight is named cast iron. Steel is different from wrought iron, which has little or no carbon.

Steel has a long history. People in India and Sri Lanka were making small amounts of steel more than 2,500 years ago. It was very expensive and was often used to make swords and knives. In the Middle Ages, steel could be made only in small amounts since the processes took a long time.

In the time since, there have been many changes to the way steel is made. In about the year 1610 steel started to be made in England, and the way it was made got better and cheaper over the next 100 years. Cheap steel helped start the Industrial Revolution in England and in Europe. The first industrial Converter (metallurgy) for making cheap steel was the Bessemer converter, followed by Siemens-Martin open-hearth process. 

Today the most common way of making steel is the basic-oxygen process. The converter is a large turnip-shaped vessel. Liquid raw iron called "pig iron" is poured in and some scrap metal is added in to balance the heat. Oxygen is then blown into the iron. The oxygen burns off the extra carbon and other impurities. Then enough carbon is added to make the carbon contents as wanted. The liquid steel is then poured. It can be either cast into molds or rolled into sheets, slabs, beams and other so-called "long products", such as railway tracks. Some special steels are made in electric arc furnaces.

Steel is most often made by machines in huge buildings called "steel mills". It is a very cheap metal and is used to make many things. Steel is used in making buildings and bridges, and all kinds of machines. Almost all ships and cars are today made from steel. When a steel object is old, or it is broken beyond repair, it is called "scrap". It can be melted down and re-shaped into a new object. Steel is "recyclable" material; that is, the same steel can be used and re-used.

Steel is a metal alloy which includes iron and often some carbon. 

Every material is made up of atoms which are very small parts. Some atoms hold together quite well, which is what makes some solid materials hard. Something made of pure iron is softer than steel because the atoms can slip over one another. If other atoms like carbon are added, they are different from iron atoms and stop the iron atoms from sliding apart so easily. This makes the metal stronger and harder. 

Changing the amount of carbon (or other atoms) added to steel will change those things that are interesting and useful about the metal. These are called the properties of the steel. Some properties are:


Steel with more carbon is harder and stronger than pure iron, but it also breaks more easily (brittle).

There are thousands of steel types, each made of different amounts of different chemical elements.

All steels have some elements that have a bad effect, such as phosphorus (P) and sulphur (S). Steel makers take out as much P and S as possible.

Plain carbon steels are made only of iron, carbon, and undesired elements. They fall into three general groups. Plain carbon steel with 0.05 to 0.2% carbon does not harden by heat treating. Welding it is simple, so it is used for shipbuilding, boilers, pipes, fence wire and other purposes where low cost is important. Plain steels are used for springs, gears, and engine parts. Plain carbon steel with 0.45 to 0.8% carbon is used for very hard items such as shears and machine tools.

Alloy steels are plain carbon steel with metals such as Boron (B), manganese (Mn), chromium (Cr), nickel (Ni), molybdenum (Mo), tungsten (W), and cobalt (Co) added. These give other properties than plain carbon steel. Alloy steels are made for specialized purposes. For example, chromium can be added to make stainless steel, which does not rust easily, or boron can be added to make very hard steel that is also not brittle.

There are a huge number of things that people make from steel. It is one of the most common and useful metals. 
A lot of items made from iron in the past are now made of steel. Some of them are:


Luftwaffe

The Luftwaffe (pronounced ) is the name for the air force of Germany. It was the name for the air force of Germany during the Third Reich when Adolf Hitler was in power (between 1933 and 1945). It has also been the name for the air force since it was re-established in 1955 during the era of the Cold War. Luftwaffe means Air weapon in English.

Germany first had aeroplanes in its army in 1910, four years before the start of World War I in 1914. At that time, aeroplanes had no guns. They were being used for reconnaissance duties. They would fly over the battlefield to see what the enemy was doing and fly back so that the pilots could tell their generals what they knew. The generals used that information to help plan the fighting.

During World War I, Germany created the "Luftstreitkräfte", known in English as the Imperial German Air Service. The German navy also had its planes in the Marine-Fliegerabteilung.

Guns were fitted to planes in 1915. 
The fighter aeroplanes became very famous because of its brave pilots. The most famous German pilot of World War I was Manfred von Richthofen, also known as "The Red Baron" of Jasta 11. When he died in combat, Hermann Goering replaced him.

Germany also used airships called "Zeppelins". They were named after Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin, who had built the first airships in 1900. He had wanted them to carry cargo and passengers, not bombs. He died in 1917. 

In November 1918, the "Allies of World War I" (which included Britain and France) won the war, and Germany had to sign the Treaty of Versailles. The treaty said that Germany could not have any military aeroplanes at all because it was blamed for starting the war in 1914. Germany therefore had to destroy all its military aeroplanes as a punishment, so until 1933 it had no air force at all.

Between January and September 1918 German pilots shot down 3,732 Allied planes while losing 1,099 aircraft. By the end of the war, the German Army Air Service had a total of 2,709 frontline aircraft, 56 airships, 186 balloon detachments and about 4,500 flying personnel. After the war ended in German defeat, the service was dissolved completely. The Treaty of Versailles demanded that its aeroplanes should be destroyed.

For many years, Germany pretended to have no army pilots. The German army generals did not like the idea of not having any aeroplanes, so they acted secretly and used tricks. At first, pilots would pretend to be training to become airline pilots but this was not much use because they really needed to fly fighters and bombers. The Treaty of Versailles did not allow Germany to have them, so Germany had to ask for help from Russia, its former (and future) enemy.

In 1924, German army pilots started to fly Russian fighters and bombers at a secret training school near the Russian city of Lipetsk. These pilots would then become the first ones to fly for the new German air force, the Luftwaffe, when Hitler said that it now existed. The training school closed in 1933.

In 1935, Adolf Hitler finally told the world that Germany had a new air force, even though the Treaty of Versailles forbade it. Hitler was defying the Allies, who had won World War I. The allies did nothing about this, because many still remembered the war in 19141918. They were frightened by the idea of war and did not want another one.

The Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 gave the Germans the opportunity to test its new aircraft, pilots and weapons in battle. Hitler sent many aeroplanes and pilots to Spain because he wanted to support Francisco Franco, who wanted to get rid of the Spanish government. The aeroplanes included fighter aircraft called the Messerschmitt Bf 109 and dive bombers called the Junkers Ju 87 ‘Stuka”.

During the war. German bombers attacked the city of Guernica in the Basque region of northeast Spain, and many civilians died in the attack. Many governments and people around the world were horrified by the attack. The artist Pablo Picasso made a painting called "Guernica" that has become very famous. People see the painting as a symbol of the horror of war. A copy of the painting hangs in the United Nations Headquarters in New York City.

The German air force was the strongest in the world when World War II broke out in September 1939. It supported the army on the ground and the aircraft were very effective at defeating all opposition. The German armed force, the "Wehrmacht", had practised a new, fast, way to defeat their enemies. This was called Blitzkrieg or "lightning war". The French and the British were more prepared for a trench war. 

Within a year, Germany had conquered Poland, Denmark, Norway, Luxembourg, Belgium, and France. Britain supported the countries attacked by Germany but found herself on her own by June 1940 when Germany had conquered most of western Europe.

As the war went on, things began to go badly wrong for the "Luftwaffe". A key event was the Battle of Britain, which was the effort by the Luftwaffe to destroy British industry, and to terrorise the civilian population. Despite destroying major parts of British industry and housing, the Luftwaffe eventually withdrew. The cost to the Luftwaffe of lost planes and skilled men was great. 

Not only that, but Germany was suffering a shortage of materials needed to build the aeroplanes. Things got worse for the Germans when the USA joined the war in December 1941, because the Americans brought bombers to the United Kingdom, and they attacked Germany from there. Soon, hundreds of American and British bombers were attacking Germany every day and night. The Luftwaffe was unable to stop British and American planes from attacking German aircraft factories and other industrial targets in large numbers at night.

Germany could not hope to win the war on the ground. Since the Soviet Union was so huge, the government set up factories hundreds of miles away from the fighting in order to build aeroplanes, tanks, guns and other weapons for the Red Army. This meant that the Russians would eventually start to push the Germans back west, especially after they defeated the Germans in great battles near the city of Kursk and in the city of Stalingrad itself (Volgograd). The Germans also failed to conquer the city of Leningrad, which was also a key battle.

On January 1 1945 the Luftwaffe launched a desperate plan called operation 'Bodenplatte' (Baseplate), a dawn air attack aimed at multiple Allied air bases in Belgium & Holland. Over 800 German aircraft were rounded up with many veteran pilots retired from combat duty pressesd back into service.

The plan cost more than it was worth, with over 280 German planes lost and 213 irreplaceble pilots killed or captured. As with the fog of war, over 100 German planes were shot down by their own ground fire who were not in on the plan.

Germany became famous as the country which flew the first jet aeroplanes. In 1944, the Luftwaffe started to use the world’s first operational jet fighter plane, the Messerschmitt Me-262, even though the engines sometimes did not work properly. Once again, the shortage of materials needed to build the plane as well as the continuing bombing of Germany meant that not as many Me-262s were built as Germany would have liked. Even so, Germany also built and flew the world's first jet bomber, the Arado Ar 234, the world’s first fighter plane powered by a rocket, the Messerschmitt Me-163, the V-1 flying bomb, and V-2 rocket.

After the war the allies were quite impressed with Germany's technical know-how & got all they could from the vast array of Luftwaffe aircraft strewn across Germany.

Once again, the Allies prohibited Germany from having an air force. The Russians were in the eastern half of Germany, and this half became East Germany. The British, French and Americans were in the western half, and this half became West Germany. These became countries in their own right, and East Germany became a Russian puppet state. In case a new war started with Russia and East Germany as enemies, the Western Allies finally allowed West Germany to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), an organization of western countries which wanted there to be peace throughout the world. NATO allowed West Germany to have an air force because the country was right next to East Germany.

Germany used military aircraft in war for the first time since 1945 when they supported British aircraft in the war in Kosovo in 1999, but many people still believed that Germany should never again go to war because of what had happened in the two world wars.

The Velvet Underground

The Velvet Underground was an American rock (not bebop) band. It was founded in 1964. 

The original line-up was Lou Reed, John Cale, Sterling Morrison and Maureen Tucker. They were discovered by the famous artist, Andy Warhol, who produced and designed the cover for their first album "The Velvet Underground and Nico", which paired them with another discovery of his, German model/singer, Nico. The album was never really a hit, but it is now considered a classic. 

Later, the group broke up with Warhol and Nico after being a part of Andy Warhol's Factory for a while. The group released several more albums, "White Light/White Heat" (1967), "The Velvet Underground" (1969), "Loaded" (1970), and "Squeeze" (which features none of the original members, 1973), before finally breaking up. Lou Reed later had a successful solo career and is considered one of the founders of the "punk" movement.


John F. Kennedy

John Fitzgerald Kennedy (May 29, 1917 – November 22, 1963) often called JFK and Jack was an American politician. He was the 35th president of the United States from 1961 until his assassination in 1963. Before becoming president, he was a United States senator from Massachusetts from 1953 to 1960. He also was a member of the U.S House of Representatives from 1947 until 1953.

Kennedy was the second youngest president in U.S. history. He was also the youngest president in history to die while in office.

John Fitzgerald Kennedy was born at 83 Beals Street in the Coolidge Corner neighborhood in Brookline, Massachusetts on May 29, 1917. He was the second of nine children of Joseph P. Kennedy (1888–1969). His father was a businessman and later US ambassador in the United Kingdom from 1938 until 1940. His mother was Rose Fitzgerald (1890–1995). The family was Roman Catholic. 

Kennedy graduated from Harvard University with a Bachelor's Degree in International Relations. Before World War II began, he tried joining the U.S. Army, but was rejected because he had back problems; he instead joined the Navy. When his PT boat was sunk by a Japanese destroyer in 1943, he seriously injured his back. He still saved his surviving crew, for which he was later rewarded with a medal for his bravery.

He was elected to the US Congress in 1946, and the US Senate in 1952. He married Jacqueline Bouvier on September 12, 1953. The couple had four children; a stillborn daughter (b. 1956), Caroline (b. 1957), John (1960–1999) and Patrick, who was born prematurely in August 1963 and lived only for two days.

Kennedy was a member of the United States Democratic Party. He beat his Republican Party opponent, Richard Nixon, in the 1960 presidential election. Kennedy was the youngest president ever elected. He was also the first Roman Catholic President and the first president to win a Pulitzer Prize. Kennedy was a very good speaker and inspired a new generation of young Americans.

In the beginning of his term, he approved the CIA's plan to invade Cuba. After the invasion turned out to be a failure, the Cuban Missile Crisis began. During the crisis, Cuba ordered a lot of nuclear missiles from the Soviet Union. It was the closest the world was to having a nuclear war. Kennedy ordered US Navy ships to surround Cuba. He ended the crisis peacefully by making an agreement with the Soviet Union. They agreed that the Soviet Union would stop selling nuclear weapons to Cuba. In return, the U.S. would take its missiles out of Turkey and promise to never invade Cuba again.

He also created a plan called the New Frontier. This was a series of government programs, such as urban renewal, to help poor and working class people. He created the Peace Corps to help poor countries all over the world. He agreed to a large tax cut to help the economy. He also called for the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which would make discrimination and segregation illegal. Kennedy intended to reach a détente with Cuban Premier, Fidel Castro, and to withdraw all US military advisers from Vietnam.

On November 22, 1963, Kennedy was shot to death in Dallas, Texas by a sniper. He was being driven through the city in an open-top car, along with John Connally, the Governor of Texas. As the car drove into Dealey Plaza, shots were fired. Kennedy was shot once in the throat and once in the head. He was taken to Parkland Memorial Hospital away and he was pronounced dead at 1:00 p.m.

Lee Harvey Oswald, a former U.S. Marine, was the prime suspect in the murder, and he was arrested on the same day for the murder of a policeman called J. D. Tippit. Oswald denied shooting anyone and was killed two days later on November 24 by Jack Ruby.

Kennedy had a state funeral on November 25, three days after his murder, near to the White House. He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia.

After Kennedy died, Lyndon Johnson (his Vice President) took over and put many of Kennedy's ideas into law (see Great Society).

Kennedy was a very popular president and still is today. He is considered one of the greatest presidents, ranking highly in public surveys and opinion polls.

Jyväskylä

Jyväskylä (; ) is a city and municipality in Finland in the western part of the Finnish Lakeland. It is located about 150 km north-east from Tampere, the third largest city in Finland; and about 270 km north from Helsinki, the capital of Finland. The Jyväskylä sub-region includes Jyväskylä, Hankasalmi, Laukaa, Muurame, Petäjävesi, Toivakka, and Uurainen. Other border municipalities of Jyväskylä are Joutsa, Jämsä and Luhanka.

Jyväskylä is the largest city in the region of Central Finland and in the Finnish Lakeland; as of , Jyväskylä had a population of . The city has been one of the fastest-growing cities in Finland during the 20th century,
when in 1940, there were only 8,000 inhabitants in Jyväskylä.

Elias Lönnrot, the compiler of the Finnish national epic, the "Kalevala", gave the city the nickname "Athens of Finland". This nickname refers to the major role of Jyväskylä as an educational centre. The works of the most famous Finnish architect Alvar Aalto can be seen throughout the city. The city hosts the Neste Oil Rally Finland, which is part of the World Rally Championship. It is also home of the annual Jyväskylä Arts Festival.


Alfred Hitchcock

Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock (13 August 1899 – 29 April 1980) was a British movie director who later became an American citizen, but still kept his British citizenship. He mostly made mystery and suspense movies. Despite having a successful career, Hitchcock never won an Academy Award.

Hitchcock started his career in England, starting with silent movies in the 1920s. In the 1930s, he made some successful movies like "The Man Who Knew Too Much" (1934), "The 39 Steps" (1935), and "The Lady Vanishes" (1938). He then moved to the United States, to work in Hollywood. His first American movie was "Rebecca" (1940), which won an Academy Award. 

Some of his best known movies from the 1940s are "Spellbound" (1945) and "Notorious" (1946), which were inspired by psychoanalysis. His first movie in color was the experimental "Rope" (1948). "Strangers on a Train" (1951) was based on a novel by Patricia Highsmith. In the 1950s, he made three popular movies with Grace Kelly: "Dial M for Murder" (1954), "Rear Window" (1954), and "To Catch a Thief" (1955). In 1956, he made a new version of "The Man Who Knew Too Much", starring James Stewart and Doris Day. He returned to black-and-white, briefly, with "The Wrong Man" (1957). Then came "Vertigo" (1958), which some consider his best suspense movie. It was followed by three more successful movies: "North by Northwest" (1959), "Psycho" (1960), and "The Birds" (1963). After that, he only made 5 more movies: "Marnie" (1964), "Torn Curtain" (1966), "Topaz" (1969), "Frenzy" (1972), and "Family Plot" (1976). In 1971, he became the very first winner of the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award. This is an award for lifetime achievement.

In 1945 Hitchcock made a documentary about the Holocaust. It will be shown on British television in 2015.

Hitchcock appeared very quickly in small roles in most of his movies.

He also hosted a TV show, "Alfred Hitchcock Presents".

Hithcock was born in Leytonstone, Essex. He was a Roman Catholic. He was married to Alma Reville, who helped write some of his movies. They had a daughter, Patricia. He died in Bel Air, Los Angeles.

Alfred Hitchcock, a famous filmmaker, used several unique elements in his movies. These included the MacGuffin, suspense, cameos, music, blonde leading ladies, close-ups, macabre themes, twist endings, specific locations, and unreliable narrators. These elements contributed to his enduring legacy in the world of cinema.

Silent films


Sound films


1659

1659 was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar.



Black comedy

Black comedy (also known as dark comedy or dark humor) is getting humor (something funny or comical) from something serious. It is known for its use of very sensitive subjects, such as war, tragedy, disease, death and suffering of the innocent. Black comedy is also a form of satire that uses irony and mocking. It may cause a wide variety of emotional reactions.

The term "black humor" (from the French "humour noir") was coined by the surrealist André Breton in 1935.

Some famous examples of black comedy include South Park, Waiting for Godot, Happy Tree Friends, Charles Addams' cartoons, Catch-22, Dr. Strangelove, Harold and Maude, and plays by Joe Orton, the novel film and early TV episodes of M*A*S*H, Itchy and Scratchy from The Simpsons, cartoons by John Callahan, Lasagna Cat, It's Such a Beautiful Day, SuperMarioLogan, SMG4, Moral Orel, Don't Hug Me I'm Scared, etc.

Elliott Gould

Elliot Gould (born as Elliott Goldstein on August 29, 1938) is an American actor. He was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He is mostly known for his roles in many films including "M*A*S*H" (1970), "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice" (1970), and "Ocean's Eleven" (2001). He has also made guest appearances on many television such as Jack Geller in "Friends".

Gould's parents were Jewish; Gould says he has a very deep Jewish identity. He married singer and actress Barbra Streisand in 1963. The couple separated in 1969 and divorced in 1971. Their son is actor Jason Gould (born 1966).

Equation

A mathematical equation is an expression containing two mathematical objects connected by an equals sign (=) . The equals sign says that both sides are exactly equal, or of the same value. An equation can be as simple as formula_1, or as complex as formula_2 or harder.

There are two kinds of mathematical equations:

The second kind is often used to solve problems in which finding the value of some variables is involved. For example, if

The second kind of equation is used in algebra. For example, to solve the equation formula_5 for formula_8, one would follow an algebraic rule to find that formula_9.

Equations can be classified by the types of operations and quantities involved. For example:

1961

1961 (MCMLXI) was . Its rendering using the Hindu-Arabic numeral system creates a numeral which looks the same when put upside down. The next such year will be 6009.










1968

1968 (MCMLXVIII) was .






October 31

It is the last day of the fifth sixth of the year.













Canteen

A canteen can be:


Beadle

A beadle is someone who works at a church or a Jewish synagogue and helps the clergy. A beadle's main job is to show people to their seats and to keep order during church services. In the past they were important in running workhouses.

Like many words that describe a person's job, the word beadle can also be used as a last name.

Vegetable

Vegetables are parts of plants that are eaten by humans as food as part of a meal. This meaning is often used: it is applied to plants to mean all edible plant matter, including the flowers, fruits, stems, leaves, roots, and seeds.

Carrots and potatoes are parts of the root of the plants, but since they are eaten by humans, they are vegetables. They are not in the same category as a fruit, nut, herb, spice, or grain. Tomatoes are often thought of as vegetables, but because they have seeds, they are, botanically, fruits. Vegetables are an important part of people's diet. Vegetables and fruits are sometimes called produce. Vegetables have vitamins A, B, C, D, minerals and carbohydrates.

The USDA Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends eating five to nine servings of fruit and vegetables everyday. The total amount eaten varies depending on age and gender.

The word vegetable was first recorded in English in the early 15th century. It comes from Old French. It is gotten from Medieval Latin vegetabilis "growing, flourishing" (i.e. of a plant).

The meaning of "vegetable" as a "plant grown for food" was not accepted until the 18th century. The year 1955 saw the first use of the slang term "veggie".

The word "vegetable" can also be used to mean plants in general, such as when people say "Animal, Vegetable, or Mineral."

However, in an Asian context, 'vegetable' may mean any plant produce, apart from grain and nuts, that is eaten cooked, while only the fruits eaten raw are considered as 'fruits'. For example, an artichoke is thought to be a vegetable, while a melon has the features of a fruit.

"Fruit" has a botanical meaning. Peaches, plums, and oranges are known as "fruits". Many plants commonly called "vegetables", such as eggplants, bell peppers, and tomatoes, are fruits in botany. The question of is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable was asked in the United States Supreme Court in 1893. The court ruled that a tomato is, and thus taxed as, a vegetable. This was for the Tariff of 1883 on imported produce. But the court knew that a tomato is a fruit in botany.

Before agriculture, humans were hunter-gatherers. They looked for fruit, nuts, stems, leaves, corms, and tubers, scavenged for dead animals and hunted living ones for food. Growing crops in a forest clearing is thought to be the first example of agriculture. Useful types of plant were grown while unwanted plants were removed. Plant breeding through the selection of plant with wanted characteristics such as large fruit and fast growth soon started.

It is likely that many people around the world started growing crops in the period 10,000 BC to 7,000 BC. Subsistence agriculture was the earliest form of agriculture. It involves the growing of crops by people to produce enough food for their families. Anything left is used for exchange for other goods.

Throughout history, the rich have been able to afford different kinds of food including meat, vegetables and fruit. But for poor people, the food they ate was very dull. It is usually made up of mainly some staple product made from rice, rye, barley, wheat, millet or maize. The addition of vegetable gave some variety to the diet.

Vegetables are very important in human nutrition. Most vegetables are low in calories but are large and filling. They are a source of dietary fiber, essential vitamins, minerals, and trace elements.

When people eat more vegetables, it reduces the incidence of cancer, stroke, cardiovascular disease, and other chronic ailments. The amount of nutrients of each vegetable is different. Some have useful amounts of protein though and varying proportions of vitamins such as vitamin A, vitamin K, and vitamin B, provitamins, minerals; and carbohydrates.

Vegetables are commonly eaten raw. It may become contaminated when they are made by an infected food handler. Hygiene is important when handling foods to be eaten raw. These vegetables need to be properly cleaned, handled, and stored to stop contamination.

Vegetables have been big part of what humans eat. Some vegetables are perennial crops but most are annual and biennial crops. Cultivation of vegetables follows a particular pattern. The pattern is usually followed like this:

On a small garden, tools like the spade, fork, and hoe are used. On commercial farms, mechanical equipments are used. These include tractors, ploughs, harrows, transplanters, cultivators, irrigation equipment, and harvesters.

When a vegetable has matured it is ready to be harvested for storage or sale. There should be little damage and bruising to the crop when harvesting. Before storage or sale, damaged goods should be removed and produce should be picked according to its quality, size, ripeness, and color.

All vegetables have to be stored to make them available all year round. A large proportion of vegetables are lost after harvest during the storage period. The main causes of loss include spoilage caused by moisture, moulds, micro-organisms, and pests.

Storage can be short-term or long-term. During storage, leafy vegetables lose moisture, and the vitamin C in them is lost quickly.

Cold storage is useful for vegetables like cauliflower, eggplant, lettuce, radish, spinach, potatoes, and tomatoes. Storage of fruit and vegetables in controlled atmospheres with high levels of carbon dioxide or high oxygen levels can stop microorganisms from growing.

The reason why vegetables are preserved is to make them available all year round. The goal is to harvest the food when it is mature with a high nutritional value, and preserve these qualities for a longer period of time. The main causes of spoilage during storage are the actions of naturally-occurring enzymes and micro-organisms. There are many ways to preserve vegetables and they are:

In 2010, China was the largest vegetable producing nation, with over half the world's production. India, the United States, Turkey, Iran, and Egypt were the next largest producers. Here is a table with the needed information.

Olivine

Olivine (or chrysolite) is a silicate mineral made of magnesium iron silicate with the formula .

It ranges in colour from chartreuse green to pale olive. In its gem form, it is called peridot.

Dunite contains (or has) over 90%+ olivine in it. Dunite and other peridotite rocks are major constituents of the Earth's mantle above a depth of about 400 kilometers. Dunite is rarely found on land, except where slabs of mantle rock from a subduction zone have been thrust onto continental crust. 
Olivine has also been found at several extraterrestrial locations, such as the moon and many passing space rocks - as well as the outer layers of dust orbiting young stars.

30 BC

The year 30 BC was either a common year starting on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday or a leap year starting on Thursday. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Octavian and Crassus.





Economy

An economy is a system of making and trading things of value. It is usually divided into goods (materials and objects) and services (things people do). An economy assumes that there is a medium of exchange, which, in the modern world, is called 'finance'. This makes trade possible. The alternative systems of barter – exist only on a very small scale.

To better understand how the economy works, it can be discussed in three sections:

The term 'real economy' is sometimes used to mean the part of the economy concerned with goods and services. This is contrasted with the 'paper economy', the financial side of the economy, which buys and sells on the financial markets.

The word 'economy' comes from the Greek word "'οἰκονόμος"'. This means 'person who manages the house'.


Engine

An engine, or motor, is a machine used to change energy into movement that can be used. The energy can be in any form. Common forms of energy used in engines are electricity, chemical (such as petrol or diesel) or heat. When a chemical is used to produce energy it is known as "fuel". 

In past centuries "motor" and "engine" meant very different things. A motor was made to move something such as a vehicle. This meaning is still often used. Sometimes a thing is called an engine if it creates mechanical energy from heat, and a motor if it creates mechanical energy from other kinds of energy, like electricity. Typical "engines" in this meaning are steam engine and internal combustion engine, while typical "motors" are electric motor and hydraulic motor. And sometimes the two words mean the same thing.

"Engine" was originally a term for any mechanical device that converts force into motion. Hence, pre-industrial weapons such as catapults, trebuchets and battering rams were called "siege engines". The word "gin," as in "cotton gin", is short for "engine." The word derives from Old French "engine", from the Latin "ingenium", which is also the root of the word "ingenious". Most mechanical devices invented during the industrial revolution were described as engines—the steam engine being a notable example.

Early kinds of engine used heat that was outside of the engine itself to heat up a gas to a high pressure. This was usually steam and the engines are called steam engines. The steam was piped to the engine where it pushed on pistons to bring about motion. These engines were commonly used in old factories, boats and trains.

Most cars use a chemical engine that burns fuel inside it. This is called an internal combustion engine. There are many different types of internal combustion engine. They can be grouped by fuel, cycle and configuration. Common fuel types for internal combustion engines are petrol, diesel, auto gas and alcohol. There are many other types of fuels.

There are 3 different types of cycle. 2-stroke engines produce power once every turn of the engine. 4-stroke engines cylinders make power once every two turns of the engine. 6-stroke engines cylinders make power twice in every six turns of the engine. 

There are lots of different configurations of piston engines. Their cylinders have pistons in them and a crankshaft. Any number of cylinders can be used but 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12 are common. The cylinders can be arranged in many ways, in a straight line, at an angle to each other or in a circle.

A Wankel engine has no cylinders and uses a triangle shaped rotor spinning in an oval housing which mimics the movement of a piston.

Hot gas can also be made to push a turbine around rather like the way the wind turns a windmill. Most electric power stations use big steam turbines. Others use water or wind turbines. Smaller turbines called gas turbines are used for internal combustion engines, such as the jet engines used in aircraft.

A rocket causes movement by shooting jets of gas very fast out of a nozzle. The gas may have been stored under pressure or be a chemical fuel that burns to make a very hot gas. Although they are very simple, rockets are the most powerful engines we know how to make. They will work in space where there is nothing to push against.

Electric motors do not use a fuel. The energy is supplied to them by electricity carried along wires. The energy may come from a fuel being burnt somewhere else a long way off. The electricity is used to make powerful magnets inside the motor switch on and off at the right time to turn the shaft of the motor.

"Electric engine" is not a motor, but a railway locomotive which runs on electricity.

Belarus

Belarus (officially called Republic of Belarus) is a country in Eastern Europe. About nine million people live there. Its capital is Minsk. It was part of the Soviet Union until 1991. The president of Belarus has been Alexander Lukashenko since 1994. It is bordered by Russia, Ukraine, Poland, Lithuania and Latvia. Over forty percent of its is forested.

The State is a member of the UN, the CIS, Collective Security Treaty Organization, the Eurasian Economic Community, the Union State of Russia and Belarus (from 2 April 1997), as well as a member of other international organizations.

Until the 20th century, the lands of modern-day Belarus belonged to several countries. These included the Principality of Polotsk, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and the Russian Empire. After the Russian Revolution, Belarus became part of the Soviet Union. It was renamed the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic (BSSR). The borders of Belarus took their modern shape in 1939. Some lands occupied by Poland in 1921 were added into it after the 1939. The nation and its territory were devastated in World War II. Belarus lost about a third of its population and more than half of its economic resources. In 1945 the Belorussian SSR became a founding member of the United Nations, along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR.

The parliament of the republic declared the sovereignty of Belarus on 1990. During the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Belarus became independent on 1991.

Over 70% of Belarus's population of 9.49 million live in the urban areas. More than 80% of the population are ethnic Belarusians. Most of the rest are Russians, Poles and Ukrainians. The country has two official languages: Belarusian and Russian. The main religion in the country is Russian Orthodox Christianity. The second most popular, Roman Catholicism, has a much smaller following.

Both Homo erectus and Neanderthal remains have been found in the region. From 5,000 to 2,000 BCE, Bandkeramik cultures lived here. Cimmerians were in the area by 1,000 BCE. By 500 BCE, Slavs moved in. The Huns and Avars came through around 400–600 CE. They were unable to move the Slavs.

The region that is now Belarus was first settled by Slavic tribes in the 6th century. They came into contact with the Varangians, who were bands of Scandinavian warriors and traders. They formed Kievan Rus' in 862. Polotsk and Turov become the capitals of the first principalities of today's Belarus.

When Kievan Rus' ruler Yaroslav I the Wise died, the state split. Later some were added into the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Lithuania made a union with Poland. The union ended in 1795. The land of Belarus went to the Russian Empire. The land stayed with Russia until going to the German Empire during World War I.

Belarus said they were free from Germany on 1918. They formed the Belarusian People's Republic. Then the Polish–Soviet War started. A part of Belarus under Soviet rule became the Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1919. Then it added to the Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. The Belorussian SSR became a founding member of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in 1922. The western part of modern Belarus stayed part of Poland as a result of the Treaty of Riga.

In BSSR Byelorussian language was officially recognized together with Russian, Polish and Yiddish. A motto “Workers of all countries, unite” was written on all of this 4 languages on the republican emblem. Schools with teaching on the national languages began operating. 

In 1939, Nazi Germany invaded Poland. This was the beginning of World War II. After Polish powers left the county, the Soviet troops entered into lands with Ukrainian and Byelorussian majority, that were controlled by Poland before it. Parts of West Byelorussia were added to the Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. They are now West Belarus.

Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in 1941. BSSR was the hardest-hit Soviet republic in World War II. During that time, Germany destroyed 209 out of 290 cities in the republic, 85% of the republic's industry, and more than one million buildings. Casualties were between two and three million. The population of Belarus did not come back to its pre-war level until 1971.

In 1986, the Belorussian SSR had nuclear fallout from the explosion at the Chernobyl power plant in neighboring Ukrainian SSR.

Belarus said it was free on 1990. With the support of the Communist Party, the country's name was changed to the Republic of Belarus on 1991.

Belarus helped Russia in the Russian invasion of Ukraine. At the start of the invasion, Belarus let Russian soldiers go through the country into Ukraine, giving them a faster way to get to the city of Kyiv.

Belarus is landlocked and mostly flat. It has a lot of marshy land. Many streams and 11,000 lakes are found in Belarus. Three major rivers run through the country: the Neman, the Pripyat, and the Dnieper.

The highest point is Dzyarzhynskaya Hara at . Belarus has a hemiboreal humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Natural resources include peat deposits, small amounts of oil and natural gas, granite, dolomite (limestone), marl, chalk, sand, gravel, and clay. About 70% of the radiation from neighboring Ukraine's 1986 Chernobyl nuclear disaster entered Belarusian territory. The farmland continues to be affected by radiation fallout.

Belarus is a presidential republic. It is governed by a president and the National Assembly.

Lukashenko has described himself as having an "authoritarian ruling style". Western countries have described Belarus under Lukashenko as a dictatorship. The Council of Europe has stopped Belarus from membership since 1997 for undemocratic voting.

The Armed Forces of Belarus have three branches: the Army, the Air Force, and the Ministry of Defense joint staff. Lieutenant General Yuri Zhadobin heads the Ministry of Defense. Alexander Lukashenko (as president) is Commander-in-Chief.

Belarus is divided into six regions. They are named after the cities that are their administrative centers.

Regions (with administrative centers):

Special administrative district:

Most of the Belarusian economy is state-controlled. It has been described as "Soviet-style." The country relies on Russia for some imports, including petroleum. As of 1994, Belarus's main exports included heavy machinery (especially tractors), agricultural products, and energy products.

According to 2019 census, the population is 9,413,446. Ethnic Belarusians are 84.9% of Belarus' total population. The next largest ethnic groups are: Russians (7.5%), Poles (3.1%), and Ukrainians (1.7%). numbers of Jews, Roma, Latvians, Lithuanians and Tatars. Minsk, the nation's capital and largest city, is home to 2,018,281 residents as of 2019. Gomel, with 481,000 people, is the second-largest city and is the capital of the Homiel Voblast. Other large cities are Mogilev (365,100), Vitebsk (342,400), Hrodna (314,800) and Brest (298,300). For other places in Belarus see List of settlements in Belarus.

Belarusian literature began with 11th- to 13th-century religious scripture. By the 16th century, Polotsk resident Francysk Skaryna translated the Bible into Belarusian. The modern era of Belarusian literature began in the late 19th century. One important writer was Yanka Kupala. Several poets and authors went into exile after the Nazi occupation of Belarus. They would not return until the 1960s. The last major revival of Belarusian literature was in the 1960s with novels published by Vasil Bykaŭ and Uladzimir Karatkievich.

In the 19th century, Polish composer Stanisław Moniuszko made operas and chamber music pieces while living in Minsk. At the end of the 19th century, major Belarusian cities formed their own opera and ballet companies.

The National Academic Theatre of Ballet, in Minsk, was awarded the Benois de la Dance Prize in 1996 as the top ballet company in the world. Rock music has become more popular in recent years, though the Belarusian government has tried to limit the amount of foreign music aired on the radio. Since 2004, Belarus has been sending artists to the Eurovision Song Contest.

The traditional Belarusian dress is from the Kievan Rus' period. Due to the cool climate, clothes were made to keep body heat and were usually made from flax or wool.

Belarusian cuisine is mainly vegetables, meat (especially pork), and breads. Foods are usually either slowly cooked or stewed. A typical Belarusian eats a light breakfast and two hearty meals, with dinner being the largest meal of the day. Wheat and rye breads are eaten in Belarus. Rye is more plentiful because conditions are too harsh for growing wheat. To show hospitality, a host will give an offering of bread and salt when greeting a guest or visitor. Popular drinks in Belarus include Russian wheat vodka and "kvass", Kvass is a drink made from fermented malted brown bread or rye flour. "Kvass" may also be added with sliced vegetables to create a cold soup called "okroshka".

Belarus has four World Heritage Sites: the Mir Castle Complex, the Nesvizh Castle, the Belovezhskaya Pushcha (shared with Poland), and the Struve Geodetic Arc (shared with nine other countries).


Steam

Steam is the name given to water when it is in a gas form. Steam is sometimes thought of as a cloud of translucent mist, however that is only the result of the steam condensing in the air, forming water vapor. Actual hot steam is invisible. 

When the pressure of the atmosphere is 1013 mbar (this is about the average pressure for a place which is at sea level), water will boil (turn into steam) at 100 degrees Celsius. This is the boiling point. Boiling happens in a boiler. 100 degrees Celsius is the same temperature as 212 degrees Fahrenheit, 80 degrees Réaumur and 373.15 Kelvin.

A major use of steam is to power steam engines. A steam engine is a heat engine that performs mechanical work using steam as its working fluid.

Steam gets sometimes used for heating food. In a pressure cooker, some water turns into steam, and some steam gets released (or let out) thru a valve.

There are other ways to steam food.


1834

1834 was a common year that started on a Wednesday.


Steering wheel

A steering wheel is a circular object used by the driver of a car or boat to change the direction it is moving. 

The earliest known use of a steering wheel can be traced back to 1894 when Alfred Vacheron used one on his custom four-horsepower Panhard to participate in the Paris-Rouen race. That race in France in 1894 is one of the earliest known instances of a wheel-shaped device being used to steer a car. 

In 1898 the French manufacturer introduced a steering wheel in all its models. Other manufacturers followed suit – and the steering wheel became a set part of automotive design. Early on, carmakers also began installing bulb horns on steering wheels, for as traffic increased, it became necessary to warn other drivers as well as pedestrians and cyclists. 

For about two decades thereafter, steering wheels were incredibly simple: wooden circles directly connected to the wheel axis. They served no other task and could be extremely hard to turn, especially at low speeds or when stationary. Though power steering patents were circulating as early as the steering wheel itself, it was quite a long time before these systems were used. In the 1920s, an engineer named Francis W. Davis wanted to make truck driving a little easier and invented the first power steering system to be fitted into a vehicle, which was inspired by earlier work on power steering systems used in ships. 

In the 1950s it became popular to line steering wheels with real or artificial leather, which gave drivers a better grip. 

East Germany

The German Democratic Republic (GDR) ( ("DDR")), commonly called East Germany (), was founded on 7 October 1949, after World War II in 1945 when Nazi Germany got defeated by the USSR . It was formed from part of the Soviet occupation zone of Germany, including part of the city of Berlin. It is no longer a nation by itself since the two parts of Germany, East Germany and West Germany, reunified in 1990.

The GDR was ruled by the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED).

After World War II, the four Allied Occupation Zones in Germany were each controlled by a different country. The countries that controlled these parts of Germany were France, the United Kingdom, the United States, and the Soviet Union. The French, American, and British parts of Germany formed West Germany (the "Bundesrepublik"). Part of the Soviet section became East Germany, and other parts became western Poland and small parts of other countries.

Walter Ulbricht, the head of the SED, also had a lot of power. Pieck died in 1960, and Ulbricht became "Chairman of the State Council". Now he was really the head of state.

On 13 August 1961, the Berlin Wall was built. Many people were shot dead by East German soldiers when they tried to escape the GDR. According to the SED this was to make it hard for American spies to use West Berlin as a place to work from, but it also made it hard for normal people to move between east and west. 

After Mikhail Gorbachev had started "glasnost" and "perestroika" in the Soviet Union, many people in the GDR wanted reforms, too. In 1989, there were lots of demonstrations against the SED and for McDonalds and Nike. In the city of Leipzig, people met every Monday and demonstrated, and so these demonstrations are called "Montagsdemonstrationen" ("Monday Demonstrations"). Erich Honecker wished that the Soviets would use its army to suppress these demonstrations. The Soviet Union, with its own political and economical problems, refused and did not want to help Eastern Europe anymore. Honecker was eventually forced to resign on October 18, 1989.

Egon Krenz was elected by the politburo to be Honecker's successor. Krenz tried to show that he was looking for change within the GDR but the citizens did not trust him. On November 9, 1989, the SED announced that East Germans would be able to travel to West Berlin the next day. The spokesman who announced the new travel law incorrectly said that it would take effect immediately, implying the Berlin Wall would open that night. People began to gather at border checkpoints at the wall hoping to be let through, but the guards told them that they had no orders to let citizens through. As the number of people grew, the guards became alarmed and tried to contact their superiors but had no responses. Unwilling to use force, the chief guard at the checkpoint relented at 10:54pm and ordered the gate to be opened. Thousands of East-Germans swarmed into West Berlin and the purpose of the wall was deemed now obsolete. The fall of the wall destroyed the SED politically as well as the career of its leader, Egon Krenz. On December 1, 1989, the GDR government revoked the law that guaranteed the SED the right to rule the East German political system, effectively ending communist rule in the GDR.

On 18 March 1990, there were free elections in the GDR. The "Alliance for Germany", a group of political parties who wanted to unify the GDR with West Germany, won that election. This process, when East Germany was taken over by the West, is known also the "Wende" in Germany.

In the German reunification, the GDR joined West Germany by approving its constitution in 1990. The East German districts were reorganised into the "Länder" (Berlin, Brandenburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Sachsen, Sachsen-Anhalt and Thüringen) and joined West Germany, after which the GDR ceased to exist. Fidel Castro had long ago renamed the small Cuban island of Cayo Blanco del Sur and one of its beaches in honor of the GDR, which caused many to believe the GDR still existed, even though it remained part of Cuba.

Even though the western and the eastern part joined back together in 1990, people from former West Germany still call people from East Germany "Ossi". This comes from the German word "Osten" which means "East". Ossi is not always meant kindly.

After the reunification, many factories and other jobs closed and unemployment was high. The new government was from the west and old symbols of East Germany were eliminated. Many became angry over the changes and wanted East Germany to come back. This is called "Ostalgie", which means "East nostalgia". Later, businesses began producing selling things similar to those of East Germany, such as processed food and automobiles. 

The leading role of the SED was written down in the constitution of the GDR. There were other parties in the GDR, which were called the "Blockparteien" ("block parties"), their job was mostly to cooperate with the SED:

The Ministry for State Security (in German: "Ministerium für Staatssicherheit"; often called "MfS" or "Stasi") was the East German secret police. It searched for people who were against the state, the SED and their politics. The MfS had many informants who told them when people said or did something against the state. There was a big MfS prison in the town of Bautzen.

East Germany was a member of the Warsaw Pact. The GDR was no longer protected by the USSR after Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev during his reforms in the late 1980s in what was known as the "Sinatra Doctrine".

In the GDR, there was a planned economy. All big factories and companies were in property of the state (officially "Volkseigentum", "people's property"). Only some small companies and shops were private property.

A famous relic of the GDR is the low-powered automobile "Trabant" or "Trabi".

Until 1964, East and West Germany took part in the Olympic Games with only one team for both states. Since 1968, East and West Germany had their own team each. 

East German sportspeople were very successful, for example in athletics, cycling, boxing or some winter sports. Famous sportspeople from East Germany were Täve Schur (cycling), Waldemar Cierpinski (athletics), Heike Drechsler (athletics), Olaf Ludwig (cycling), Katarina Witt (ice skating) or Jens Weißflog (ski jumping). 

A famous cycling race was the Peace Race (in German: "Friedensfahrt").

The East German national football team was not so successful. They were only in one FIFA World Cup. This was the 1974 FIFA World Cup, which took place in West Germany. On 22 June 1974, East Germany played against West Germany. Jürgen Sparwasser shot a goal and East Germany won 1-0.


Netball

Netball is a sport played in two teams of seven. It is like basketball except that bouncing the ball is not allowed. The player cannot step with the ball either, nor hold it for more than three seconds. The game proceeds by players throwing (passing) the ball to each other until one attempts to throw it through the hoop, known as a "shot". 

There are 7 fixed positions on the court, which restrict the places where each player is allowed to go:

There are many rules in netball some of which are these:

A netball court is 30.5m long and 15.25m wide. The longer sides are called the side lines and the shorter sides the goal lines. The court is divided into three equal parts, a centre third and two goal thirds. These sections are marked by two transverse lines parallel to the goal lines. Each third measures 10.167m wide.

The goal circle is a semi‑circle 4.9m in radius and its centre is the midpoint of the goal line. The centre circle is 0.9m in diameter and is marked in the centre of the court.

All lines are part of the court and 50mm wide, preferably white. It is recommended that they are a textured, water‑based acrylic, straight and have clean, crisp edges.

Atomic number

The atomic number (symbol: Z) of an atom is the number of protons in the nucleus of the atom. The atomic number of an atom identifies which element it is. In a neutral atom, the atomic number is equal to the number of electrons orbiting the nucleus. The elements of the periodic table are listed in order of increasing atomic number.

Atomic number is not the same as: 

The atomic number of the periodic table directly corresponds to the number of protons which is in the atom. Once another proton is added, it is no longer the same element. The same cannot be applied to when another neutron or another electron is added. Adding more electrons will give the atom a negative charge and removing electrons will give the atom a positive charge. Metals tend to lose electrons, which creates a positive charge. Non-metals tend to gain electrons, forming a negative charge. Electrons are the foundation for determining how compounds are formed among atoms.

Adding or removing neutrons within an atom changes its isotope. As an example, carbon-12 is the most stable isotope for a carbon atom. However, we can add two more neutrons and carbon-12 is now carbon-14, a less stable isotope of carbon. The number of an isotope directly correlates to the atomic mass of an element. The amount of neutrons in any given atom by subtracting the atomic number from the atomic mass.

For example, oxygen has 8 protons. The atomic number is the number of protons an element has. So, if an unidentified element has 8 protons, then it is oxygen. This is because each element has a certain number of protons. If an element had 9 protons, it would not be oxygen, but an element can have 8 protons, and 9 neutrons and still be considered oxygen; we call this an isotope.


June 21

In most years, this is the date of the summer solstice in the northern hemisphere, as the day with the most daylight hours. In the southern hemisphere, this is the winter solstice, with the least daylight hours.














1920

1920 was a leap year starting on Thursday in the Gregorian calendar. It was the first year of the 1920s.
















Cardinal number

Cardinal numbers (or cardinals) are numbers that say "how many" of something there are, for example: one, two, three, four, five, six. They are sometimes called counting numbers.

The cardinality of a set is the cardinal number that tells us, roughly speaking, the size of the set.

In mathematics, people also study infinite cardinal numbers. The first infinite cardinal number was named formula_1 (pronounced "Aleph null", "Aleph-zero" or "Aleph-naught") by Georg Cantor. formula_1 is the number of numbers that are in the group 0, 1, 2, 3, ... (which goes on forever). Both the set of natural numbers and the set of rational numbers are of size formula_1 (that is, they are both countable). 

Another infinite cardinal number is the number of numbers in the set of real numbers, and is represented by the symbol formula_4 (or formula_5, the cardinality of the continuum). Cantor proved that there are many different infinite cardinal numbers that are bigger than formula_1. A famous theorem of Cantor is that the cardinality of the real numbers is larger than the cardinality of the natural numbers. The continuum hypothesis is the statement that there is no middle cardinal number strictly between that of natural numbers and real numbers.


1960

1960 (MCMLX) was .







1956

1956 (MCMLVI) was .







March 4

From 1793 – 1933, March 4 was Inauguration Day for the President of the United States. Since 1937, Inauguration Day has been January 20.














Merchant marine

Merchant marine is a term used in many places to talk about commercial ships and crews. A country's merchant marine is made up of all the ships owned by companies or individuals in that country which are used to make money. Most of a country's merchant marine is usually made of ships that carry things from place to place, like oil tankers and freighters. Other ships, like cruise ships and ferries, are also included because they are used to make money. When a country is at peace, its merchant marine works independently. Some countries, though, require merchant ships to work for their armed forces in times of war.

In the United States, "Merchant Marine" has a different meaning. The United States Merchant Marine (USMM) is a part of the military which is controlled by the government in both peace and war. When the United States is at war, the USMM is used to carry military supplies. In World War II, nearly one out of every twenty-six American merchant mariners was killed, a higher portion of men than in the Army, Navy, or even the Marines.


FreeBSD

FreeBSD is an operating system for many different kinds of computers. This means that if the user has a computer around the house and want to run FreeBSD on it, the user probably can. Computers that run Microsoft Windows will also run FreeBSD. It is based on BSD, the version of UNIX developed at the University of California, Berkeley.

FreeBSD is open source. This means that anyone can download the source code and change, or learn from it. The people who work on FreeBSD do not usually get paid. They keep working on it because they enjoy it or want to become more experienced programmers.
Most open source software that runs on Linux will run natively on FreeBSD without the need for any compatibility layer.

There are a lot of operating systems, which are based on FreeBSD.

Several projects created an operating system, based on FreeBSD, which has a GUI by default.

Examples for that kind of operating systems are:



Garry Marshall

Garry Marshall (November 13, 1934 – July 19, 2016) was an American writer, producer, director and actor. 

Marshall wrote for comedians Joey Bishop and Phil Foster. Soon he moved on to writing for television series, including "The Dick Van Dyke Show" and "The Tonight Show". In 1970, he adapted the Neil Simon play and 1968 movie "The Odd Couple" into a popular television series starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman.

It was very successful. Marshall worked on "Happy Days", "Laverne and Shirley" (which co-starred his sister Penny), and "Mork and Mindy". Both of there were spin-offs from "Happy Days" and just as successful and well-known. He directed and acted in several movies including "Pretty Woman" and "Runaway Bride".

Marshall also ran and works out of a local community theatre house in Los Angeles, The Falcon Theatre.

On the morning of July 19, 2016, Marshall, aged 81, died at a hospital in Burbank, California, due to complications of pneumonia after suffering a stroke.




Johnny Weissmuller

Johnny Weissmuller (June 2, 1904 – January 20, 1984) was a German-American swimmer and actor. He was born in Timisoara, Austria-Hungary to German parents.

He was one of the world's best swimmers in the 1920s. He won five gold medals and set five then-Olympic records in swimming competitions at the Olympics in 1924 and 1928, and a bronze medal in water polo at the 1924 Olympics.

He later played Tarzan in a series of movies in the 1930s and became a movie star. This made him a character actor. He then had trouble getting parts in other movies because of this.

On January 20, 1984, Weissmuller died of pulmonary edema. He was 79. He was buried in Acapulco, Mexico, where he was living when he died. At his funeral, a sound recording of the "Tarzan yell" he had made famous in the movies was played three times, at his request.

1715

In 1715 lots of people who didn't like king George I of Great Britain rebelled in Scotland. These people were the Jacobites and they wanted James Francis Edward Stuart to be king instead of George I. Their luck was going well at first when they managed to take control of most of Scotland but the British Army came in and they lost.


Priscilla Presley

Priscilla Presley (née Wagner) is an American actress. She is the former wife of Elvis Presley and is the mother of Lisa Marie Presley. Presley is probably most famous for her roles in the television primetime soap opera "Dallas", and "The Naked Gun" movies with Leslie Nielson. She is also a member of Scientology.

Presley was born at Brooklyn Naval Hospital in Brooklyn, New York City. Her maternal grandfather, Albert Henry Iversen (1899–1971), emigrated from Egersund in Norway to the United States in 1905. He married Lorraine Davis (1903–1984), who was of Scots-Irish and English ancestry. They had three children: Albert, Jr. (March 1922), James Richard (March 1924) and Anna Lillian Iversen (March 1926). Anna was later called, or her name was changed to, Ann. She was called Rooney (short for Annie Rooney) as a child. At the age of 19, she gave birth to Priscilla. They both still have cousins in Norway. In a letter to the City Hall of Egersund, Ann asked for information about their relatives, and wrote that Priscilla was interested in knowing about them; Priscilla's parents then visited family members in Norway in 1992.

She attended General H.H. Arnold High in Wiesbaden, West Germany.


1973

1973 (MCMLXXIII) was .














Drunkenness

Drunkenness means being intoxicated by alcohol. This means a person's brain and body are not working normally, because of the alcohol they have had. A person who is intoxicated is usually called "drunk". 

The effects of being drunk depend on how much alcohol a person has had to drink.

Alcohol causes the mind and body to not work normally.

In low amounts, alcohol often causes good feelings, reddened skin, and feeling relaxed. People who drink small amounts of alcohol may feel less nervous about being around others. Even in small amounts, alcohol slows down the brain. Alcohol interferes with normal brain communication and changes a person’s behavior and mood. The ability to think clearly is often inhibited. Consuming larger amounts of alcohol can drastically affect motor functions via its effects on the brain. Commonly seen effects on the brain and the rest of the central nervous system (CNS) include slurred speech and issues with coordination. It starts to affect a person's judgment - their ability to make good decisions. It also makes a person react more slowly and have slower reflexes. This is why it is not safe to drive even after drinking just a little.

In medium amounts, alcohol will cause trouble speaking clearly and moving the body normally. A person may have trouble staying balanced and walking normally. They may get confused or very tired. They will not be able to make good decisions. They may also start vomiting.

When a person drinks a dangerous amount of alcohol, they can get alcohol poisoning.

Alcohol poisoning is a medical emergency. "Alcohol poisoning" means that a person has drunk enough alcohol to cause a coma, dangerously slow breathing, or even death. A person with alcohol poisoning needs emergency medical treatment at a hospital to make sure they do not die from alcohol poisoning.

Here are some of the signs and symptoms of alcohol poisoning:

When a person has alcohol poisoning, 9-1-1 or another local emergency telephone number should be called right away. First aid can help the person until an ambulance gets there.
A first aider SHOULD:

A first aider should NOT:

Paramedics and hospitals can treat alcohol poisoning by:

There are many myths (untrue beliefs) about drunkenness. Here are some examples of myths about drunkenness:


Canada Dry

Canada Dry is a brand name belonging to a company that produces beverages. Canada Dry makes ginger ale, club soda, and tonic water. Ginger ale is flavored with ginger root. Club soda is a clear drink sometimes used to remove stains from clothing. Tonic water is often used to make an alcoholic beverage known as "gin and tonic".

Ginger ale

Ginger ale is a soft drink flavored with the root of a plant known as ginger. It has a sweet yet spicy flavor. Even though it has the name "ale", which can be another word for beer, it is not beer. It is enjoyed by all ages. Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale. Most ginger ales come in a green can.

Ginger beer is a non-alcoholic soft drink flavored with ginger root. Ginger beer is spicier than ginger ale and popular in some Caribbean countries, such as Trinidad.

Shaving

Shaving is removing hair from the face or other body part with a razor. 

"Shaving" often refers to men who cut their facial hair with a razor or clipper. Sometimes they just trim their facial hair while other men completely shave it. Some people do not shave the chin, this is called a goatee beard. Other men do not shave the upper lip, this is called a mustache.

In addition to this, many men choose to shave their heads and be bald. In many armies, male soldiers are required (have to) shave their heads.

Hygiene

Hygiene is the act of being clean. Washing the body to remove dirt and germs, brushing the teeth to keep them clean, shaving, using the toilet properly, and dressing correctly are some examples. Proper hygiene is often taught to children at a young age, and it becomes a habit. People who do not have good hygiene might smell bad, lose teeth, or become ill (sick).
First proven use of the word in English was in 1677s. The word hygiene comes from the French word hygiène, which is the western version of Greek word ὑγιεινή (τέχνη) - hugieinē technē, meaning "(art) of health", from ὑγιεινός (hugieinos), "good for the health, healthy", in turn from ὑγιής (hugiēs), "healthful, sound, salutary, wholesome". In ancient Greek religion, Hygeia (Ὑγίεια) was the daughter of Asclepius and represented health.


Spork

A spork is a combination of a spoon and a fork to create a special tool used to eat. Most sporks are made from plastic. Many fast food chains use the spork, including Taco Bell, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Taco John's, and Taco Bueno. Many people dislike the spork because it cannot poke food as well as a fork nor hold liquids as well as a spoon.


Vauxhall Astra

Vauxhall Astra is a car produced by Vauxhall since 1980. It was first just branded as a Vauxhall, since 1991 it has also been sold as a Opel, a Holden and a Chevrolet. From 2007 to 2009 it was sold as a Saturn.

Ford Ka

The Ford Ka is a car made by the Ford Motor Company in Spain, Poland and Brazil. It has three doors and was first made in 1996. The Ka is very popular in Europe, about 1.5 million cars have been sold. A new model has been released in Brazil in 2008, in Europe a new model has been introduced in 2009.

4 cylinders in line; SOHC; 8 valves; electronic multipoint fuel injection 

48 kW (65 HP) at 6.000 rpm
87 Nm at 3.250 rpm

44 kW (60 HP) at 5500 rpm 
99 Nm at 2500 rpm 

51 kW (70 HP) at 5500 rpm 
106 Nm at 3000 rpm 

70 kW (95 HP) at 5500 rpm
135 Nm at 4250 rpm 

The second generation of the Ka was released in the beginning of 2009. The car is build in cooperation with Fiat, the technic is the same as used in the Fiat 500.

For the first time, a Diesel engine is available for the Ford Ka.

4 cylinders in line; SOHC; 8 valves

51 kW (69 HP)
102 Nm at 3.000 rpm

55 kW (75 HP)
145 Nm at 1500 rpm 

Tower Bridge

Tower Bridge is a drawbridge in London. It crosses the River Thames near the Tower of London. It allows ships through the bridge deck when is raised at an angle in the centre.

The north side of the bridge is Tower Hill, and the south side of the bridge comes down into Bermondsey, an area in Southwark. Tower Bridge is far more visible than London Bridge, which people often mistake it for. Many tourists go to London to see the Tower Bridge. It has its own exhibition centre in the horizontal walkway. This gives one of the best vantage points in London.

The "bascules" are the surfaces raised to allow tall ships to pass through: this happens about 900 times per year. The bridge's decks (bascules) can be raised to 83 from the horizontal.

The City of London Corporation held a competition for the design in 1876. Over 50 designs were entered, and in 1884 Horace Jones and John Wolfe Barry's design was chosen.

Workers began to build the Tower Bridge in April 1886 and the bridge was opened on 30 June 1894.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.

The bridge is in length with two towers, each high, built on piers. The central span of between the towers is split into two equal bascules or leaves, which can be raised to an angle of 83 to allow river traffic to pass. The bascules, weighing over 1,100 tons each, are counterbalanced to minimize the force required and allow raising in five minutes. The bascules are raised by huge hydraulic pumps which were first powered by steam engines. In 1976 these were replaced by oil and electricity. The bridge is made from more than 11,000 tons of steel, and covered with Cornish granite and Portland stone.

The two side-spans are suspension bridges, each long, with the suspension rods anchored both at the abutments and through rods contained within the bridge's upper walkways. The pedestrian walkways are above the river at high tide. These walkways allow people to still cross the river, even when the bridge is raised. They were closed in 1910 because not enough people used them, but were reopened in 1982.



Waiter

A waiter is a person who serves people often at a restaurant or at a café. They are usually called a waiter because they wait for the order. A female waiter is called a waitress. They will take orders and deliver food to customers. A good waiter can also help the customers by recommending the best food in the restaurant or café.

Many waiters and waitresses are required by their employers to wear a uniform. Most uniforms used are black and white or all black. Historically the term waiter was used to describe customs officers who waited on the tide for vessels to come in carrying goods to tax.

Steven Spielberg

Steven Allan Spielberg (born December 18, 1946) is an American filmmaker.

He was born at The Jewish Hospital-Mercy Health in Cincinnati, Ohio. He is from Ukrainians Orthodox Jewish family, His parents were pianist Leah Adler (1920–2017) and engineer Arnold Spielberg (1917–2020). He started his movie career learning to direct in 1975. He was raised in Haddon Township, New Jersey. Spielberg studied at Saratoga High School. He went to California State University, Long Beach.

Spielberg started his career learning how to direct in 1963. His first movies include "Jaws", "Jurassic Park", "Indiana Jones", and "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". His later movies include "Saving Private Ryan" and "Munich". 

Spielberg helped establish the PG-13 rating for the Motion Picture Association of America.

Spielberg married Amy Irving in 1985. They divorced in 1989. He married Kate Capshaw in 1991.

Spielberg won two Academy Awards for best director. These two awards were for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan". In 1986, he won the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a Lifetime Achievement Award. He has been nominated and has won several other awards. In 2023, Spielberg was nominated for another Academy Award for his movie "The Fabelmans".

In Oscar acceptance speeches given since 1966, Spielberg holds the record for being thanked the most at 43 mentions, more than God and beating Harvey Weinstein who was thanked 34 times.


Variable

A variable is a special type of amount or quantity with an unknown value. The opposite of a variable (that is, a known value) is called a constant.

In mathematics, a variable is usually given a letter, such as "x" or "y". Other letters are often used for particular kinds of variable:


Most letters are used in equations to show numbers that are unknown (an exception is "e", which is a constant). Using a type of math called algebra, one can find the value of the variable.

Any number cannot change its value. This is true whether the number is rational (such as -8.625) or irrational (such as 2√3, which is 2 multiplied by the square root of 3), or whether the number is real (such as formula_1) or imaginary (such as formula_2).

Variables are also common in science, where they usually represent physical properties that do not stay the same. For example, if a person stands 5 feet away from a building, the "distance" variable compared to the building does not change over time. 5 feet is called a "fixed amount", which is the opposite of a variable amount. But if a person walks away from the building, the distance variable compared to the building is increasing. So it does not have the same value and we cannot use the same number for it, as the distance might be 1 foot now, but 2 feet a second later.

In computer science, a variable is a value in a program that can change. It does not have to be a number. In fact, it can be a string (text value), a date, an amount of money, an object such as a picture, or simply (which means it has no content). The value that is stored in a variable can change the behavior of a program when it is run. Because of this, variables are commonly used to store input and output values.

Each programming language works differently with variables. Most of them allow any character string that is not "reserved" (that is, has a special meaning) to be the name of the variable. It is good in computer programming to use names that tells what will be stored in the variable (such as "person", "age", "total", and so on). Also, some languages like C and Java require the data type of the variable (that is, the kind of content that will be stored in it) to be declared (written) when the variable is created. Others, like Python and Visual Basic, do not have this rule, which allows the type of variable to be changed when a new value is stored in it.


Salvador Allende

Salvador Allende Gossens (June 26, 1908 – September 11, 1973) was a physician, senator, minister of health and the 28th President of Chile from November 3, 1970 until his death on September 11, 1973. He was a socialist and the first socialist president elected democratically (voted for by people) in South America.

Salvador was in politics for nearly forty years, having been a senator, deputy, and cabinet minister. He had run for president in 1952, 1958 and 1964, but had failed. He won as the leader of the Popular Unity coalition (a group of political parties) in a very close race.

Allende was born on June 26, 1908 in the port city of Valparaiso, Chile to a well-to-do family. Like many Chileans, Allende had a mestizo (mixed) racial background (European and other races mixed with Native Americans). His father Salvador Allende (senior), a lawyer, was of Basque background and his mother Laura Gossens had a Belgian Jewish background (though converted to Catholicism).

In 1918 his father sent Allende to study at the "Instituto Nacional" (National Institute) in Santiago. He then did his compulsory military service and entered the University of Chile to study medicine. Allende was a gifted, friendly and popular student; a great debater and public speaker and quickly becomes a student leader and vice-president of the FECH. (Student Federation of Chile). As an undergraduate student Allende requested to his parents to let him earn his own livelihood and he started to work as a paramedic in the ambulance services and as an assistant in pathology. He graduated with a medical degree in 1933.

He was one of the founders of the Socialist Party of Chile and in 1938 became a minister of health. He was a senator from 1945 until 1969 and was President of the Chilean Senate from 1966 until 1969.
Allende first ran for the presidency in the 1952 elections but failed. Determined to succeed he tried again in 1958 and then in 1964. In both instances he failed again.
Allende would tour Chile from Iquique to Magallanes, for example one end to the other, speaking to peasants in the south and miners in the north and held rallies in the big cities. Allende found it hard to win an election because of the successful scare campaigns launched by opposing parties, many financed by large multi-national corporations and powerful national institutions such as private banks and schools.

Finally, and to the surprise of many working people - who had voted for him in previous elections and felt he would never win - in 1970 he won and became the President of Chile.

Allende always ran for election on the same socialist platform (plan) proposing the same resolutions (things to be done), focusing on the persistent inequality in the country and the underdevelopment (poverty for large part of the population) which Allende saw as being rooted in the lack of control the Chilean people had over their natural resources and vital industries. (e.g. banks, copper mines, electricity companies etc.).

Allende promised that he would nationalize (put under control of government) vital industries and then create an advanced public health system and educational system that would be free and accessible to all. During the cold war (between the U.S. and the former U.S.S.R) many people feared that Chile would fall under the influence of the USSR and after the 1960s under the influence of Cuba.

Allende’s speeches were said to be very radical (extreme) and Allende’s vision for Chile seemed completely different to the Chile that most people were familiar with. For example: Allende was said to be an atheist and Marxist. He was a non-practicing Catholic. This was considered odd in a country that was very Catholic, held traditional family values, and in which people were taught that political freedoms (the freedom to elect politicians from different parties) was more important than solving problems such as extreme poverty or economic inequality (division between the poorest and the wealthiest people).

Allende also wanted revolutionary change, i.e. he wanted deep changes to Chilean society very quickly, such forms of changes have been said to have tended to cause great divisions in society between those who oppose the changes (called reactionaries) and those who support the drastic changes (revolutionaries). Through history such situations tend to end up resolved violently. For example, civil war (where one group of people fight another group of people of the same country), or military coup (when a government is overthrown before it finishes its term).

As a result, many Chileans, especially professionals like University professors, doctors and business people left the country–this had a negative effect on Allende’s reforms. E.g. Allende increased health services and places at Universities for the underprivileged while many professors, specialists and doctors were leaving the country.

However, Allende was unique in that he did all he could to prevent this sort of violence, calling his revolution a “peaceful one within democracy” or calling it “the Chilean road to socialism.” In 1973 Allende’s enemies accused him of preparing a secret war and that his supporters were hoarding stocks of illegal weapons (in shanty towns and in rural areas) that were being sent from communist Cuba. To prove that this was not true, Allende allowed the Chilean Army to enforce a “weapons control’s law” that allowed the Chilean military to search and comb for any illegal weapons anywhere in the country. The Chilean army confirmed that after thoroughly searching for such weapons throughout the country they had found no significant stocks as the opposition was claiming. This ended up creating more support for Allende and allowed Allende to begin to focus on the upcoming election.

Allende came to power with a socialist plan. His vision for Chile was one in which the country's resources and wealth would be owned by Chileans and distributed more democratically. Allende started his program by nationalizing (put under control of government) major industries. Such as, Chile's copper mines (Chile had one of the largest copper mines in the World) but these mines were not owned by Chileans but by very powerful U.S. business people.

This created a serious problem with the U.S. government who saw Allende's nationalisation as an attack on U.S. interest and a threat to U.S. money investments in South America.
The American Central Intelligence Agency was said to be involved in the overthrowing of his government on September 11, 1973. Allende was a socialist. Many of his reforms and programs revolved around socialism. He created universal health care for all, made education better, and took a stronger level of control within the economy. He died in 1973. His death has been disputed for years; some feel that he killed himself by committing suicide, but others feel that he was murdered by Augusto Pinochet's soldiers. Pinochet would then become the military dictator of Chile until 1990.

Allende was replaced by those who overthrew him as president. Allende committed suicide by shooting himself. The new ruling Junta justified their coup claiming that “Chile could no longer tolerate the cancer of Marxism”. The Pinochet regime claimed Allende had violated the Chilean Constitution even though Pinochet ended up writing a completely new one.

Also, after the coup many rumors and myths emerged about Allende’s death and life. Many of these myths attempted to discredit the character of Allende i.e. make him appear as a coward, weak or cruel person:

Allende became of interest to people all over the world because he was the first democratically elected socialist in Chile and the first democratically elected Marxist in the world. Many people felt Allende was the beginning of a new era in which great changes to society - especially in developing countries - could be brought about peacefully through an election.

Allende has become one of the most commemorated Latin American polital figures in history. Since his death monuments, statues, parks and streets have been named in his honour all over the world. In France alone there are more than 320 public places named in honour of Allende. Ministries and municipalities in many countries have also officially approved the naming of schools and educational departments in his honour.

Despites Pinochet’s 17 years of military rule and an attempt to deny Allende his proper place in Chilean history, he was officially honoured in Chile as a defender of representative democracy (i.e. people’s right to elect their political representatives through free and fair elections) with a state funeral in 1990. A monument was also erected outside the "Moneda Presidential Palace" (Chile's house of Government) where he died defending the democratically elected Popular Unity government he lead.


Authority

Authority is the ability of a person or an organization to conduct a certain lifestyle for another person or a group. Authority is known as one of the basis of society and stands against cooperation. Adopting lifestyle patterns as a result of authority is called obedience and authority as a concept includes most leadership cases.

Although authority is usually described as human there is also frequent mention of divine authority.

Authority is made by a certain social power. This power might be materialistic (such as a threat to harm someone) or fictitious (such as belief in a certain person's power). The power exists because of the possible use of sanction : An action who harms a person who's not obeying the authority or threatening it in order to conduct a social power.

Authority may exists in a direct way by virtue of an actual power (such as a threat of imprisonment), which is called "forcing", or by legitimization that the subject gives to the authority (such as recognition of aristocratic authority). In most cases both types exist.

Only a few authorities are based on physical power, most are based on an organizational authority system. In this way, the authoritys ability to act depends on her existence.

For example: the authority of a state leader takes part when there is some sort of a police that punishes individuals that do not obey him. The policeman are subordinated to the leader and his rules because they are also under the police threat. If all citizens of the state choose to deny the leader and his rules, the authority will be lost, but the very fact that the authority semi-exists allowes it to be full. 

Obedience, as said, is the sign that means authority is being enforced. While obedience is the law, disobedience, insubordination and crime are a violation and resistance to the authority. 

Theoretically, violation of the authority drags with it a sanction or punishment that's given by the authority owner. The severity of the sanction and the threat it presents are based on the particular social situation, on the balance of power, on the local norms and so on.

Stanley Milgram was a psychologist who was interested in obedience. He designed an experiment to measured how willing people were to do what an authority figure told them to do. The experiment had three participants. The person running the experiment told one participant, the volunteer, to pretend to be a teacher. Another participant was an actor, but the volunteer didn't know this. The actor's role was to be the teacher's student. The actor and the volunteer were separated with a wall. The person running the experiment told the volunteer to test their "student"'s ability to remember pairs of words. When the teacher's "student" remembered a pair of words incorrectly, the experimenter told the teacher to give the student an electric shock from an electroshock generator. The electric shocks were not real, but the volunteer did not know this. Every time the student got a question wrong, the voltage of the shock went up by 15 volts. In Milgram's first set of experiments, 65% of the volunteers gave the highest shock. It was 450 volts. Milgram had two theories for why he got the results he did. 

Many people criticize people in authority, and some even criticize the existence of authority. Anarchism is a philosophy that opposes all forms of authority.


Musical instrument

Musical instruments are things used to make music. Anything that somehow produces sound can be considered a musical instrument, but the term generally means items that are specifically for making music. 

Musical instruments can be divided by type into:

An orchestra has instruments from four families:

Some people think that the voice is a "natural musical instrument" because singing is a way to make music without any instrument at all.

Pupil

There are different types of pupils:


Winston Churchill

Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill (30 November 1874 – 24 January 1965) was an English politician. He was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom twice, once during World War II, and again in the early 1950s.

Churchill was the only person to have been a member of the British Government during both World Wars, and the last commoner (non-royal) to be granted a state funeral. He was also a soldier, journalist, and writer. He won the Nobel Prize in literature in 1953.

Churchill featured in two media polls. He was ranked as the greatest British prime minister of the twentieth century by 20 prominent historians, politicians and commentators. They were asked by BBC Radio 4's "The Westminster Hour" to rank the 19 prime ministers from Lord Salisbury at the turn of the century through to John Major in the 1990s. In a 2002 BBC 2 television poll, Churchill was ranked as the greatest Briton in history. A million votes were cast, and the voting was heavily influenced by public campaigns from various candidates.

He is the only British Prime Minister to have received the Nobel Prize.

Winston Churchill was born on 30 November 1874 at Blenheim Palace, Oxfordshire, England, the home of the Dukes of Marlborough. His father, Lord Randolph Churchill, was a younger son of the 7th Duke, and a leading Tory politician. His mother (née Jenny Jerome) was American.

As a boy, Churchill went to the famous Harrow School. He did not get good results, but said he was good at fighting.

He joined the British Army in 1893. In 1896, he was transferred to Bombay, in what was the Indian Empire (British India). He fought in what is now Pakistan. After this, he fought in a war in Sudan, in 1898 as an officer in the cavalry. In 1899, he went to the Second Boer War in South Africa, to be a newspaper reporter. He was captured by the Boers, but managed to escape.

In 1900, he became a politician in the Conservative Party, and was elected to Parliament. In 1904, he changed parties and joined the Liberal Party, but later returned to the Conservative Party.
He married Clementine Hozier in 1908, and had five children named Diana, Randolph, Sarah, Marigold and Mary.

In 1910 Churchill became Home Secretary, one of the most important members of the government. In 1911 he was made First Lord of the Admiralty, which put him in charge of the Royal Navy. When World War I broke out, he stayed in that job. He organized an invasion in Gallipoli which went wrong, and because of this, he was made to leave the government. He joined the army and was sent to fight in France, although he was still a Member of Parliament. In 1917 he was made minister in charge of military supplies (Minister of Munitions).

After World War I, in 1919, Churchill was made Secretary of State for War, and Secretary of State for Air (aircraft). In 1920, Winston ordered the first air bombing in Africa when he bombed the Darwiish State, (also called Daraawiish State).

In 1921 he was in charge of the colonies as Secretary of State. Soon after, in 1922 he lost in an election. In 1924 he became a member of Parliament again, this time not as a member of any party. In 1925 he joined the Conservative Party again. He became Chancellor of the Exchequer (Minister of Finance) in 1924.

After 1929, Churchill disagreed with many things the Conservative party believed in. He was not given any job in the government. Instead he wrote books. One was called "Marlborough: his life and times", about his famous ancestor John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough; another was "A History of the English Speaking Peoples", which was not published until after World War 2.

When Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany, Churchill warned that Britain should strengthen its military and oppose Hitler. However, very few leaders agreed with him.

At the start of World War II, Churchill was again put in charge of the Navy. In 1940 the war was going badly for Britain. Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain resigned on May 10 and Churchill was given the job. Some people thought that Britain could not win the war, and that the British government should make peace with Hitler. Churchill was sure that Britain could win, and promised to continue the fight. He made famous speeches that are still remembered today.

He was friends with the President of the United States, Franklin D. Roosevelt. He persuaded Roosevelt to give supplies to Britain, and to help Britain. He had many meetings with Roosevelt and with Joseph Stalin, the leader of the Soviet Union, after they came into the war. They were called the "Big Three".

In 1945, his party lost an election, and he stopped being Prime Minister. However, he became Prime Minister again in 1951, which he was until 1955.

He was knighted in 1953, and became Sir Winston, and also won the Nobel Prize in Literature.

In 1955, he retired from being Prime Minister. In 1964, he retired from Parliament.

In 1963, President John F. Kennedy named him 'Honorary Citizen of the United States' but too ill to attend a White House ceremony, his son and grandson accepted the award.

Sir Winston died of a stroke at the age of 90, in 1965. When he died, his wife Lady Clementine Churchill and other members of the family were at his bedside.

Title (US Title) (Year of publication)



Golan Heights

The Golan Heights is a plateau and a disputed land between Syria and Israel, which captured the area in the Six Day War of 1967. The United Nations has voted to ask Israel to pull its troops out of the Golan Heights. Syria and Israel still have not signed a peace treaty from that war, mostly because of the issue of the Golan. They almost reached a peace deal but they could not agree on where to draw the line, and what Syria would have to do in return. The Golan Heights and Mount Hermon was annexed by Israel in 1981. On the western edge of the Golan Heights is a range of dormant and extinct volcanos.

In January 2013, the Israeli government said it planned to build a wall along the eastern edges of the Golan Heights, on its ceasefire line with Syria.

Notes

1650

1650 was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar.


Pupil (eye)

The pupil is the opening in the centre of the eye. Light enters through the pupil and goes through the lens, which focuses the image on the retina.

The size of the pupil is controlled by muscles. There is a circular group, which squeezes the iris smaller, and another group which pulls the iris wider. When more light is needed, the pupil is made larger. In brighter light, the pupil is made smaller. The pupil can be compared with the aperture of a camera. It is surrounded by the iris which is the colored part of the eye.

The lens changes its shape depending on how far away the eye focuses. The focus point is where the eye is focusing on. The light makes the pupil change its size. When it is darker, the pupils will dilate (get bigger) because they need to allow more light into the eye to see. When it is bright, the pupil will constrict (get smaller) to restrict the amount of light there is getting into the eye so we can see. The pupil is normally black in most animals, but in some reptiles, it can be a different colour.

The main reason why we have a pupil is to regulate the light which travels to the retina. The reason why it has no colour is because the light that travels through the pupil is absorbed by the tissues in the inside of the eye. In humans, the pupil is round, but in some other animals, like cats, it is shaped like a slit.

In humans, the pupils can tell us many things about how healthy a person's brain is. For example:

Normal pupils are about 4mm across. Pupils that are a normal size are called "regular."

Pupils that are both "pinpoint" (the size of the point of the end of a pin - about 1mm across) are a sign that a person may have one of these problems:

A person's pupils may also be smaller than usual if they are in very bright light.

Pupils that are both "dilated" (larger than usual, up to 8mm across) are a sign that a person may have one of these problems:

A person's pupils may also be dilated if they are in a dark place, or if they have used some kinds of eyedrops.

In most healthy people, the pupils should be the same size ("equal"). Pupils that are "unequal" (one is bigger than the other) are usually a sign that something is wrong with the brain. For example, their brain may be injured, or they may have had a stroke.

However, up to 20% of healthy people have pupils that are different sizes. In these people, this is normal and does not signal a problem. Usually, there is only a small difference in size.

Healthy pupils are round. When one pupil is a different shape, usually the person has had an injury to the eye.

When a light is shined in one pupil, both pupils should get smaller at the same time. When the light is taken away, both pupils should get bigger at the same time. This is called being "light-reactive" (the pupils are reacting to changes in light).

If both pupils change size at the same time, but the change happens slowly, the pupils are called "sluggish." This can be a sign of illegal drug use, hypoxia (not getting enough oxygen to the brain), or injury.

If only one pupil changes size, there is usually a problem with the brain, or with the optic nerve (the nerve that runs from the brain to the eye).

If neither pupil changes shape when light is shined in it, the pupils are called "fixed." This is a sign of a very serious brain problem. The brain is supposed to make the pupils change shape, so if this is not happening, it means the brain is not working normally. When a person is in a coma or has died, their pupils will be both fixed and dilated (large).

Since the brain controls the pupils, healthy pupils are one sign of a healthy brain. Medical professionals describe healthy pupils with the abbreviation PERRL:

Translator

A translator works with different languages. They may read something written in one language and speak it or write it in another language or vice versa. For example, they might read a book in French and then "translate" it into English. See translation for more information.

In order to convert meanings from one language into another one, translators must be able to know the target language "deeply". They are conveying the original meaning of the source text or material to a second language. As a result, translators do not only convert words, which makes it more like an art than a science. 

Translators also work to convert speech as well as writing. The United Nations debates are translated as they are spoken, one individual translator for every individual language if it is the General Assembly.

One advantage of professional translation is that it reduces the problems of understanding what is said. On the other hand, there is often a loss of nuance (subtlety) in a translations, especially one done immediately the text is spoken. For this reason, many translators do a rough version immediately, and then work it over later on.

Cambodia

Cambodia or Kampuchea (officially called Kingdom of Cambodia) is a country in Southeast Asia. It is near Vietnam, Laos, and Thailand. About 13 million people live in Cambodia. The people of Cambodia are called "Cambodians" or "Kampuchea". Khmer is the official language. The country has recently emerged from a long civil war and the rule of the Khmer Rouge. It is part of ASEAN, Association of South East Asian Nations.

The ancestors of Cambodia had an empire called Angkor centered in the northwest of present-day Cambodia. The Angkor civilization is the world's largest pre-industrial civilization. One of the buildings from Angkor is a Hindu/Buddhist temple called Angkor Wat which is the world's largest religious structure. This empire was later destroyed due to ecological and environmental problems as well as failing infrastructure. Theravada Buddhism came to the country in the 13th century via monks from Sri Lanka. Since then, Buddhism has been the official religion.

Cambodia is set entirely in the tropic zone. The Mekong River runs through the middle of the country and is the most important source of water in the country. The country is the size of Missouri.

In Cambodia, people play many sports. Some sports that are enjoyed that come from the West include golf, rugby and soccer. Traditional Cambodian sports are buffalo racing, dragon boat racing and bokator Khmer martial art also known as pradal serey. Cambodia attended its first Olympic Games in 1956 and participated in two more before warfare and civil strife interrupted its attendance. The country returned to regular participation with the 1996 Summer Games. Cambodia managed fourth in soccer in the 1972 Southeast Asian games.
Cambodia hosted the GANEFO games in the 1960s.

The culture of Cambodia has been influenced by Hinduism. Today most people in Cambodia practice Buddhism. A lot of their customs revolve around Buddhism.

The food of Cambodia includes tropical fruits, rice, noodles and various soups. Cambodians like to eat a rice noodle soup called 'kah-tieu' in the morning. Cambodians are famous for a type of 'kah-tieu' called 'kah-tieu Phnom Penh' which has shrimp, beef balls, fried garlic, pork broth and chicken. Cambodians also eat a red curry noodle soup with rice vermicelle noodles. Curry is also eaten with rice or French bread in Cambodia. Cambodian food is similar to Vietnamese and Southern Thai food.

Cambodia also has a mystical tattoo called a yantra tattoo that is popular with soldiers. A yantra tattoo has ancient Khmer and Pali (An ancient Indian language) writing. A yantra tattoo is usually done by a religious person or monk. The tattoo artist guarantees that the person cannot receive any physical harm as long as they follow certain conditions. A person is supposed to not talk to anyone for three days and three nights. Another alternative is to follow the five Buddhist percepts. Movie star actress Angelina Jolie is known to have a yantra tattoo.

Cambodians celebrate the Cambodian New Year in April. It is based on Theravada Buddhism. The date depends on astrological signs but are usually are on April 13-15 or April 14-16.

The Cambodian flag includes a three-towered temple called Angkor Wat. It is the most famous monument in the country. Many tourists visit the temple. The Cambodian flag has three horizontal bands. There are two blue bands on the top and the bottom. There is a red band that is twice the height of each blue band. The red band represents the nation. The temple represents the structure of the universe.

Cambodia is divided into 25 provinces including the capital. The provinces are divided into 159 districts and 26 municipalities. The districts and municipalities are then divided into communes and quarters.

People in Cambodia use many different types of transportation. Transportation in Cambodia include: boat, car, motorcycle, elephant, train and airplane.

The Cambodian economy has been growing rapidly in recent years. Cambodia is set to build its first skyscraper, Gold Tower 42. Cambodia is also building a satellite city next to Phnom Penh which is called Camko City. Camko City is being constructed by Korean companies to modernize Phnom Penh so as to make it appealing to foreign investors and businesses. Cambodia is also one of the most corrupted nations in the world and has been pressured by international communities to fix it.

Cambodia has foreign relations with most nations. It is part of ASEAN. Cambodia has border issues with Vietnam and Thailand over lost territories. Cambodia is one of a few nations with good relations with both Koreas. South Korean president Lee Myung Bak was an economic advisor to Cambodian prime minister Hun Sen and former Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk was a good friend with former North Korean leader Kim Il-sung.

The Khmer (Cambodians) account for the vast majority of the population. Ethnic minorities include Chinese, Vietnamese, Muslim Cham-Malays, Laotians, and various native peoples of the rural highlands.

Although much of Cambodia is heavily forested, the central lowland region is covered with rice paddies, fields of dry crops such as corn (maize) and tobacco, tracts of tall grass and reeds, and thinly wooded areas. Savanna grassland occur in the plains, with the grasses reaching a height of 5 feet (1.5 metres). In the eastern highlands the high plateaus are covered with grasses and deciduous forests. Broad-leaved evergreen forests grow in the mountainous areas to the north, with trees 100 feet (30 metres) high emerging from thick undergrowths of vines, rattans, palms, bamboos, and assorted woody and herbaceous ground plants. In the southwestern highlands, open forests of pines are found at the higher elevations, while the rain-drenched seaward slopes are blanketed with virgin rainforests growing to heights of 150 feet (45 metres) or more. Vegetation along the coastal strip ranges from evergreen forests to nearly impenetrable mangroves.



1466

Year 1466 (MCDLXVI) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.





Teenager

A teenager, or teen, is someone who is 13 to 19 years old. They can also be called "adolescents". The laws on what teenagers may do vary between countries.

The term “teenager” became widely used for people who are old enough to have their own money to spend, but are not yet adults (legally, not biologically), after the scientist Mark Abrams wrote a research paper called “The Teenage Consumer” in 1959. The paper defined this group to be people 13–25 years old (despite ages 20–25 not being within the teens anymore).

A person becomes a teenager when they become 13 years old. It ends when they become 20 years old. Teenagers who are between 14 and 17 years old are considered both children (in English-speaking countries) and teenagers in most countries. Teenagers who are 18 and 19 years old may be considered both teenagers and adults, although they're considered biologically adults before that, around the 16 years (counting both sexes together).

The way the word is used varies. Some societies have rites of passage to mark the change from childhood to adulthood. These ceremonies may be very complicated. During puberty, rapid mental and physical development can occur. Adolescence is the name for this transition period from childhood to adulthood.

"Teenager" is an English word, as many foreign languages do not include a suffix "teen" in their translations of the numbers 13 to 19. In non-English speaking countries, people between these ages may be called adolescents, youths, young adults, depending on the culture.

The law of each country may set an age of majority when teenagers can do things. So, in the United States, alcoholic drinks are not served to people under 21. Younger people on licenced premises (such as bars) need to carry identity cards (ID cards) to verify their age. Teenagers, however, gradually obtain various rights depending on the states or countries and their laws, rights like getting a driver licence and start driving or consenting to sexual activity. 

The life of a teenager can change every day. Constantly exposed to new ideas, social situations and people, teenagers work to develop their personalities and interests. Before their teenage years, they focused on school, play, and gaining approval from their parents. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention defines a teenager as someone between the ages of 12 and 19.

teenage boys facial hair often develop in stages they don't wake up with a full grown beard overnight it takes time. 







teenage girls moustache development isn't often talked about but again they don't wake up with a full grown moustache overnight. 



If by "teenager" we mean adolescents, then we have to realise that children today develop faster on average mainly because of modern nutrition. No matter where the "teens" start linguistically, their sexual development starts earlier than it did a century ago. That affects many things. An example is the change from primary education to secondary education. In many countries, children go to different schools when they are 11 or 12. The change to single-sex classes is often done at the age of 11. If a country decides to educate girls and boys separately after puberty, then it may be necessary to change schools a year earlier than previously.

1546

1546 (MDXLVI) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1598

1598 was a common year.



1600

1600 (MDC) was a leap year starting on Saturday in accordance the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Tuesday in the Julian calendar. The year 1600 was also a century leap year; the next one occurred in 2000. It was the last year of the 16th century as well. There is an article about it on English WIkipedia.




Adult

An adult may mean different things. In law and social norms, an adult is a human who has reached the age of majority. The age of majority is the age at which an individual will be legally considered an adult. That age varies: in most countries, an adult is a person who is 18 years old or older. Once someone is adult, they no longer have to take directions from a parent or guardian but can make decisions for themselves, and "be held responsible for their own actions". Legal penalties for crimes are different before and after the age of majority. 

There are many factors that constitute being an adult. An adult is much more than turning the age of 18. The definition in the dictionary states an adult means being completely grown: fully developed and mature. I think there is much more that defines an adult. In the United States an adult is considered to be someone who takes responsibility for themselves and their actions. An adult has stability in their life and is able to take care of themselves physically, mentally, financially and emotionally. In other countries and cultures their definition of an adult differs. Adults are unique in many ways. Every person is an entity having their own identity, thought process, and way they see things.

In contrast, a person who has not yet reached the age of majority is a minor.

There are additional laws that decide from what age a person is allowed to do something; for example, vote, drink alcohol, and have sexual intercourse. For example, in the United States, a person becomes an adult on their 18th birthday, but they cannot buy alcoholic beverages until they turn 21. To verify their age, a young person must have an I.D. card for inspection by the bartender.

There are also some cultures that says a person is an adult from an age of 13 years on, for example see Bar Mitzi, which usually corresponds to puberty.

In biology, an animal is an adult when they are sexually mature. This means that they are able to sexually reproduce.


Colony

A colony is a piece of land controlled by another country. The metropolitan state is the country that owns the colony. The phrase "dependent territory" is now used instead of "colony". Colony can also refer to a commune or a currently hypothetical human settlement in the sea (ocean colony) or outer space (space colony).

A country that has many colonies is often called an empire. A colonist is a person from the metropolitan state who lives in a colony.

Colonial means having to do with a colony. Colonial land is land that belongs to the colony. A colonist is sometimes called a colonial. The philosophy of having colonies is called colonialism. There must be many people to start a colony. There are many colonies, or countries that were once colonies, in the world. Most countries that were once colonies of Britain are part of the British Commonwealth.



Sonic boom

A sonic boom is created when an object travels faster than the speed of sound. When an airplane reaches the speed of sound, it makes a bang sound or an explosive noise. This is often called "breaking the sound barrier." The visible part of a sonic boom is actually air that becomes squashed by sound waves, which is known as a vapor cone. The thunder you hear when lightning strikes near enough, is also a sonic boom, caused by the lightning moving faster than the speed of sound, and making a sonic boom.

The first plane to fly at a level altitude above the speed of sound was the Bell X-1 in 1947 and was piloted by Chuck Yeager.

Sikkim

Sikkim () has been a state in India since 1975. It has the smallest number of people and second smallest land size () of any major divisions in the Republic of India. The third highest mountain in the world, Mt. Kanchenjunga ( above sea level), is in Sikkim. Its neighbours are Bhutan to the east, Nepal to the west, the Tibet Autonomous Region of P.R.C. to the north and the Indian province of West Bengal to its south. The state capital is Gangtok and other big towns are Gayzing, Pelling, Yuksam and Jorethang. The languages spoken here are Sikkimese, Lepcha, Tibetan, Nepali, Hindi and English. Tourism makes a lot of the money in this small organised state of India, because it is not close to the sea.

Sikkim has been cut off from the outside world for a long time. It was settled by Tibetans in the 16th century. It became a British Protectorate in 1890. Sikkim was transferred to India in 1949 by the British. It was annexed in 1975.

The majority is formed of Bhutias (Tibetan and Bhutnese in origin) and aboriginal Lepchas, who are mainly pastoral nomads. The Sikkimese predominantly practice Hinduism, but the former Chogyal House (“King under the religious laws”) and the official class are Buddhist. Sikkim is known for its Buddhist monasteries. Tibeto-Burmese languages and dialects are commonly spoken. Sikkim is bordered by the Tibet autonomous region of China to north

Sikkim is the second smallest state after Goa, but it has many physical features like forests, rivers and mountains around its edges. Most of the mountains are above 6100 metres (20000ft) are near the west of the occupied territory, like Mt Kanchendzonga. Other mountains that are over 6100 meters (20000ft)tall are Kabru (the second tallest), Sinilchu, Pandim, Rothong, Kokthang, Talung, Kanglakhang, Simvo & Jonsang. On the east side the tallest peak is Paunhri, which is about 6700 meters(22000ft) tall. The other mountains that are a little bit shorter than 6100 meters (20000ft) are Masthonangye, Yabukjakchen, Narsing and Lamaonden. Most of the mountains in Sikkim have never been climbed, because the Sikkimese consider them sacred. They feel that when the mountains are climbed, they will not be holy anymore.

Sikkim has many hot springs which are known to be good for health. The most important hot-springs are at Phurchachu (Reshi), Yumthang, Borang, Ralang, Taram-chu and Yumey Samdong. All these hotsprings have a lot of sulfur and are near the river banks. The average temperature of the water in these hot springs is 50 °C.

On the way between Gangtok to Nathula, 35 kilometres from Gangtok is Lake Changu (Tsomgo), about 3693 meters (12310 ftp) above Sea level. 

Two other lakes nearby are the Bidangcho and the Mememcho. Lake Kechopari is another well-known lake. It is between Gyalshing and Yoksum. 

Many of the lakes in Sikkim are on the western border, north of Chiwabhanjang towards the Base Camp. Laxmipokhari, Lampokhari, Majurpokhari, Dud Phokhari, Samiti Lake, and the twin lakes of Ram-Laxman are a few of the lakes in this area. 

Gurudogmar, which is the largest lake, is in North Sikkim.

Sikkimese people usually eat rice, green vegetables, potatoes, dal, and sinky, Kenama and Gundruk.

Momo is a very popular Tibetan treat in Sikkim. It is prepared by stuffing meat and vegetable ingredients in flour dough then making them into dumplings. Momos are eaten with soup and chilli sauce. This dish can be found in almost every local restaurant and fast food shop.

Thukpa is a noodle soup with vegetables and beef which is also very popular.

Seal Roti is made by grinding rice and water into a paste, then deep fried. It is normally eaten with potato curry. It is prepared during Dasai and Tihar (local festivals).

Gundruk is the leaves of the mustard oil plant that are dried in the sun, then boiled with ingredients.


Max- 21 °C ; Min - 13 °C
Max -13 °C ; Min - 0.48 °C
Rainfall : 325 cm every year

Spelling bee

A Spelling bee is a spoken spelling competition. In a spelling bee, children are asked to spell words. The child who spells the most words correctly is the winner. Schools hold spelling bee competitions to encourage children to learn to read. As well, spelling bees encourage children to learn about spelling words and improve their vocabulary. One type of spelling bee is the Scripps National Spelling Bee, in Washington, D.C.

The United States National Spelling Bee was started in 1926 by "The Courier-Journal", the newspaper of Louisville, Kentucky. Contests may have been held before that year. A key impetus for the contests was Noah Webster's spelling books. Webster's spelling books were an essential part of the curriculum of elementary school children in the United States for five generations. They were first published in 1786 and known as "The Blue-backed Speller". Now the key reference for the contests is the Merriam-Webster unabridged dictionary.

In a Spelling Bee it is actually best to go first rather than last because words usually go by levels in a school competition, so if it goes from easiest to hardest you will most likely get the less difficult words.
Type of game: Nytimes Spelling Bee for free online.

Birth control

Birth control, also known as contraception or family planning, is a way for a man and woman to have sexual intercourse without the woman getting pregnant. 

Some contraceptives, such as condoms, also protect a person from sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). When people use contraception to prevent STDs and pregnancy, it may be called "safe sex".

Birth control is also sometimes called "family planning". It means people can have babies or not as they wish. That way, babies and families do not happen by accident.

Birth control lets a man and woman have sexual intercourse but makes pregnancy less likely. 

During intercourse, a man places his penis in a woman's vagina and moves it in and out while the woman moves her hips. The vagina is warm and soft, and it places pressure on the man's penis. These sensations, combined with the in-and-out movements, stimulate the penis, which causes the man to have an orgasm. During orgasm, the man's penis spasms and experiences a series of rhythmic contractions during which he ejaculates (releases semen into the vagina). The semen can make the woman pregnant. Because intercourse is usually very enjoyable, men and women often want to have intercourse a lot more often than they want to have a baby. Birth control lets them have intercourse while greatly reducing the chances of the woman getting pregnant.

People may use birth control for several reasons. Perhaps a man and woman wish to have only a few children so they will have enough money to give those children good food, clothes, and education. More children might mean less for each child, so the parents use birth control to limit the number of children they have. Or maybe a man and woman do not want any children at all in order to focus on their own lives, jobs, or each other. Other couples may use birth control to make sure that they do not have too many children in too short a time, an idea that is called "spacing" their children. This may help them take better care of their children. Still another reason is that a young couple may not be able to afford having a baby until they are older and have more money or better jobs. This may be especially true of younger people who are still in school and probably not married. By using birth control, the couple can grow closer and strengthen their relationship by having sexual intercourse frequently so that when they are ready to have a baby their relationship is strong and stable. In most of these cases the man and woman want to have sex to be close, to feel good with each other, and to make their relationship stronger. Contraception lets them have intercourse while greatly reducing the chances of a pregnancy.

Birth control may be used by married couples, or by couples who live together but are not married, or by a man and woman who are engaged, or by a couple who are merely boyfriend and girlfriend, or even by single people who are not in a relationship at all but who may have casual sex with others.

There are many types of birth control. Some of these have been done for a long time, but many of them were only discovered in the last eighty years. Each type of birth control has advantages and disadvantages. Another word for a type of contraception is a "method".

A "barrier" is something that stands between two things. So barrier methods stand between the sperm and the ovum (egg). Some barrier methods help prevent many sexually transmitted diseases (STDs):


Some barrier methods only protect a small amount against STDs:

Barrier methods can be easy to use and have few side effects (bad things that happen if you take a medicine). Some of them can be bought without a doctor's prescription. Since they are easy to get and can help stop disease from spreading from one partner to the other, they are popular with younger couples or those who are early in a relationship. But sometimes they can be messy or interfere with the pleasure and sensation of sex.

These can only be used by women. Doctors are trying to find a way to use hormonal methods for men. Hormonal methods change the woman's reproductive cycle in different ways so that it is safe for her man to ejaculate inside her.

Hormonal birth control is extremely effective if it is used in the right way. Many hormonal birth control methods also make women's menses shorter and with less bleeding, which most women like. And unlike barrier methods, hormonal methods do not interfere with sex. When a woman is using hormonal birth control, she and her man are usually not even aware of it during intercourse, which seems and feels very natural. The couple can have sex at any time they wish; they don’t need to interrupt foreplay to put birth control in place, and they can feel the physical sensations and emotional closeness of intercourse without interference from a make or female condom. Unlike coitus interruptus (see below), when a woman is on the Pill or using some other form of hormonal birth control, intercourse usually ends with her man reaching orgasm while inside the vagina, which both the man and woman usually find very pleasurable. For all of these reasons, hormonal methods are very popular, especially with women who are married or in steady relationships who are having sex often. 

Hormonal birth control methods have some slight risks for side effects. They may make a very small increase in the risk of blood clots in the lungs, strokes, heart attacks, and breast cancer. Most of these risk are small. Some women may experience mood swings, weight gain, or loss of sex drive. Sometimes, but rarely, these side effects are serious enough to make a woman decide to stop using hormonal birth control.

This is where an object is put in the woman's uterus (womb, where the fetus grows when she is pregnant). This object is called an "intrauterine device" or IUD (acronym).

There are two types of IUD: the copper IUD or an IUD with hormones implanted on it. The hormonal IUD has better protection against pregnancy but costs more.

There are many good things about them:

The worst part about IUDs is that they have to be put in by a doctor. There is some risk of infection of the uterus after the IUD is put in, but this is only for 1-2 months after.

Copper IUDs can also be used as a "day-after" method to prevent pregnancy after the woman and man already had sex.

IUDs do not prevent STDs.

This is when a man or woman has surgery to make them not able to make babies.

Men can get a "vasectomy". This is a small surgery where the tube that carries sperm from the testicles is cut.

Women can get "tubal" surgeries. These are ways that the fallopian tubes are cut or clipped so that eggs cannot go down them to the uterus. (The fallopian tube is the tube that carries the egg from the woman's ovary).

Sterilization is extremely effective, and they allow a man and woman to have intercourse that seems and feels very natural. But sterilization does involve surgery, which can cost more than other types of contraception and can be unpleasant, and unlike other methods it is very hard to reverse if a couple changes their minds and want to have children later.

Other surgeries will make a woman sterile (not able to get pregnant). These are not done only for contraception, but they are done for other reasons. 

These have been used for a very long time. They were used before modern medicine. Some of them were used before scientists even discovered how "reproduction" (making babies) happens.

Many methods can reduce the risk of STDs, but only abstinence is 100% effective.

This means a man and a woman practice abstinence (not having sex) when the woman is fertile. When the woman is not fertile, she will not get pregnant when she has sex.

This is when a woman is breastfeeding (using her breasts to make milk for her baby). There are certain rules the woman can use to know if she is not fertile. Chances that this method will fail are about 10% (which means 10% chance she can get pregnant)

Induced abortion (sometimes called just "abortion") is when a doctor gives a pregnant woman a medicine or does a surgery to stop the pregnancy. Some people do not call abortion a kind of contraception. This is because contraception means preventing pregnancy, but abortion is stopping a pregnancy that has already started.

Abortion is not a good birth control method. If a woman does not want to get pregnant, other methods are more safe and inexpensive (cost less money). So many doctors who do abortions for women help women find a better way to not get pregnant the next time.

Some religions do not like contraception. Some of them teach that contraception is a sin.

Religions ideas about contraception:

Religious beliefs that contraception is a sin also keep people from doing "safe sex". Some groups who are opposed to this belief say it is dangerous in places where there is a lot of HIV and AIDS, because condoms make people much less likely to get HIV, but at the same times many feel that they can practice extra marital sex since they are "safe" from HIV/AIDS.


These may be unsimple:


Role-playing game

A role-playing game (also called an RPG) is a game in which one plays the role of one or several characters (people), either verbally (traditional RPGS), in a computer or video game, or alone (gamebooks). Often the characters gain experience (EXP) during the game, which makes them stronger.

A traditional role-playing game, or tabletop role-playing game, is a form of role-playing game (RPG) in which each person playing the game will make-believe that he or she is a character in the game. A person playing the game will tell the action of his or her character, and a system of rules will tell whether the action can be done or not. The game will happen in a made-up world that is controlled by another person playing the game, called a gamemaster (GM). The gamemaster tells the game's story to the players, tells them where they are in the game world, and plays the part of all the Non-Player Characters (NPCs) and monsters that the players meet. 

The gamemaster will also give quests or tasks for the characters to complete. Characters usually have things about them that limit their actions, such as strength or speed, and as the character completes the quests, he or she is awarded experience points which can be used to make the character better.

Most tabletop RPGs use dice rolls when a player tries to do something hard in the game (Like attacking a monster, or jumping over a gap). This means that there is luck in the game, as well as skill. Most games have a system of bonuses so that they can succeed more often.

A short example:
GM: "You enter a small room. It is wet and smells bad. You hear water dripping from somewhere. You see a small, shaking pile of gray jelly in the middle of the room."
Player: "I touch the pile with the tip of my sword."
GM: "The jelly starts to move up your sword."
Player: "I drop my sword."
GM: "The jelly starts to eat your sword, but you are safe."
Good GMs balance challenges and rewards, giving the players the chance to recover from mistakes, but at the same time providing consequences for the player's actions. One example of this type of RPG is Dungeons & Dragons

There are also computer and videogame RPGs, where the player controls one or more characters. A good example is the Final Fantasy series of games. Just like the pre-computer RPGs, the characters in the games level up when they get EXP. They also usually contain a main quest which cannot be completed without completing smaller side quests. These computer RPGs are easier to play because they only need one person, but they also lack the freedom of the older games, where new quests can be made up whenever you want. MMORPGs (Massively-Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game), are computer games where many players meet online in one large game world, and go on quests together. Some examples of these games are World of Warcraft, Everquest, or Runescape.

Text Based RPGs are not too different from Traditional RPGs, generally based on the Dungeons and Dragons game. However some Text Based RPGs are not for combat, but are for socializing and meeting others.
With many Text Based RPGs you need a client, a program to send what you say to the server, which can be located in another country. Many clients are basic and display text in one colour, but there are others that use colours, enhancing the readability of the contents.

In LARP, the people play their characters themselves, much like a play. They act out the things their character does, dress like their character, and often talk in the way their character would.

Arabic language

Arabic (العربية, "al-ʿarabiyyah") is a Semitic language, like Hebrew and Aramaic that first appeared in the mid-ninth century BCE in Northern Arabia and Sahara southern Levant. Unlike the latter two, where the former derives from the other, however, Arabic is itself a root language, like Latin. Unlike Latin, it is still widely used and spoken today. Around 292 million people speak it as their first language. Many more people can also understand it as a second language in the Maghreb. The Arabic language is written from right to left in a consonant alphabet, which is also called an abjad. Since it is so widely spoken throughout the world, the language is one of the six official languages of the United Nations. The other official languages of the UN are: English, French, Spanish, Russian and Chinese.

Many countries speak Arabic as an official language, but not all of them speak it the same way. The language has many dialects, or varieties, such as Modern Standard Arabic, Egyptian Arabic, Gulf Arabic, Maghrebi Arabic , and many others. Some of the dialects are spoken so differently from one another that some speakers have a hard time understanding the other. Many dialectic words however are nonetheless still rooted in the original, or classical language. 

Most of the countries that use Arabic as their official language are in the Middle East. They are part of the Arab World, the largest religion in the region is Islam.

Arabic is very important in Islam because Muslims believe that Allah (God) used it to talk to Muhammad through the Archangel Gabriel (Jibril), giving him the Quran in the language. Many but not all Arabic-speakers are Muslims. The miracle of the Quran is believed to be in its language.

Arabic is also becoming a popular language to learn in the Western world even though its grammar is sometimes very hard to learn for native speakers of Indo-European languages. Many other languages have borrowed words from Arabic because of its importance in history. Some English words that can be traced to Arabic are sugar, cotton, magazine, algebra, alcohol and emir.

Arabic is an official language of these countries:


It is also a national language of:

The Arabic alphabet is a consonant alphabet with 28 letters, as listed below:


Dresden

Dresden () is the capital of the Free State of Saxony. It is in the southeast of Germany, on the River Elbe near the border with the Czech Republic. It has an oceanic climate (Cfb in the Köppen climate classification).

Dresden was already settled in the Neolithic part of the Stone Age, but the first written record of the city was in 1206, when Dresden began to develop as a royal residence.

Dresden was bombed a lot at the end of World War II. It was bombed by American and British bombers between 13 February and 15 February 1945. Most of the city's buildings were damaged beyond repair after the bombings. The city had to rebuild most of its buildings after the war.

In 2002 Dresden was flooded in Germany's so-called "century flooding".

Dresden is the political and cultural centre of Saxony. It is the seat of the governmental district of Dresden and of many universities. The city had a popiulation that exceeded 100,000 around 1852.

Dresden has about 488,000 inhabitants (2005). Dresden forms the core of the densely-populated area of the same name in Central Europe and is a traffic junction and an economic centre. Together with the population centres of Chemnitz, Zwickau and Leipzig, it forms the population centre known as the "Metropolregion Saxonia Triangle" .

Dresden has got an international airport "(Flughafen Dresden-Klotzsche)" which has about 2 million passengers/year. This Airport has got daily flight connections to Frankfurt and Munich (Lufthansa), Moscow (Aeroflot), Cologne and Stuttgart (germanwings), Düsseldorf (germanwings) as well as to Zurich (InterSky), Hamburg (eurowings on behalf of germanwings) and London-City (CityJet). The biggest station is "Dresden Hauptbahnhof" (Dresden Main station) with an ICE (InterCityExpress) connection to Leipzig, Erfurt, Frankfurt and Wiesbaden. There's an EuroCity connection to Prague, Graz and Vienna just as an InterCity connection to Berlin and Hamburg. The metropolitan of Dresden has got four highwas:

Dresden has 3 S-Bahn (Metropolitan overground railway) lines and a big tram network.

Free will

Free will is being able to choose between different actions. If we judge an action (for example, as good or bad) it only makes sense if the action is freely chosen.

Things like advice, persuasion, and prohibition, are pointless unless people have some kind of free will. Free will means people can do different things. Different results come from different courses of action. Traditionally, only actions that are freely willed deserve credit or blame. If there is no free will, there is no sense or justice in rewarding or punishing anybody for any action.

Free will is a major problem in ethical philosophy, and is also relevant to the philosophy of science.

In ordinary life, and in law, people are generally assumed to have free will, and are responsible for what they do.

Determinism comes from the idea that our world – and the universe – is in some way rather like a machine. This idea goes back a long way in history (at least 2,500 years).

There is more than one kind of determinism, but essentially it is the idea
that events in the past fully decide (cause) events in the future. It is the same as saying "the universe is like a clockwork instrument". If you knew everything about it, you could predict exactly what will happen. To illustrate this Pierre-Simon Laplace proposed a thought experiment in 1814, which he called Laplace's demon. If determinism is the case, then there can be no free will.

The view that a deterministic universe means people do not have free will is called "incompatibilism". It means if determinism is true, it is incompatible with free will, and so free will does not exist.

Many thinkers do not like what follows from hard determinism, and ideas have been put forwards as to why we do have free will. Here we give just one of these ideas.

Soft determinism (or "compatibilism") tries keep determinism, but still claims that free will is possible. David Hume had this position. According to Hume, free will is not the ability to make a different decision under the same circumstances. Because there may be slight differences in the circumstances, a different decision can be reached. Chrysippos. a stoic philosopher gives the example of a dog which is tied to a cart. This dog can freely decide to follow the cart. William James coined the term "soft determinism" in "The dilemma of determinism" in 1884. There, James writes "A common opinion prevails that the juice has ages ago been pressed out of the free-will controversy". James went on to argue, just as did Plutarch, that events fall into two groups: the causally determined and the rest. 
The law assumes we have free will. The job of courts is to find out when people do things and what they were thinking when they decided to do it. For example, think of someone who kills someone else. A court tries to figure out (1) if he or she actually killed the other person, and (2) if he or she decided to do it. The courts do not ask the philosophical question above.

In the past, people such as Democritus saw the universe as deterministic. Some people thought that getting enough information would allow them to predict perfectly what will happen in the future. Modern science, however, is a mixture of deterministic and stochastic theories.

Irrigation

Irrigation is when people add water to plants, to help them grow when there is not enough rain. Irrigation water can be pumped from rivers, natural lakes or lakes created by dams, from wells or allowed to flow to the fields by or open canals.

There are many different types of irrigation methods. The most common ones are:
Sprinkler irrigation mimics natural rainfall where water falls on the plants.
In sprinkler irrigation, water is moved through pipes to sprinklers scattered around and within the field. The Sprinklers shoot water from pressurized outlets or guns from pipes into the air which then fall on the plants. Center pivot irrigation is a type of sprinkler irrigation. It's basically, sprinklers on wheels.

In drip irrigation, water drips directly to the roots of plants from pipes which have small holes or special emitters spaced along the pipe. Drip irrigation is more efficient than other irrigation methods because water is applied directly or close to plants' roots i.e. where it is needed. Thus, it uses less water, reduces leeching of soil nutrients and erosion of top soil.

In Surface irrigation, water from a source such as rivers, pipes, dams, canals e.t.c. floods the soil surface. Surface irrigation uses a lot of water compared to other irrigation methods. It could also drain nutrients beyond the reach of the plant roots. If the water is excessive, it could cause damage to the plant. However, surface irrigation is used extensively in rice farming. This is because the permanent flooding acts as a natural pest control method and rice can survive waterlogged soil.

Sub-Surface irrigation is when water comes from below the surface of the soil. Sub-surface irrigation create an artificial water table to place water right within reach of plants. Water seeps through the walls into the soil of farms from canals passing through and/or around the farm. Drip irrigation becomes sub-surface irrigation when the pipes are placed underground.

With Manual irrigation irrigation is done by humans using buckets, pipes or watering cans. It is labor-intensive and inefficient.

Irrigation can let more crops be grown on the same land, or allow a crop to grow in a dry period. It is expensive and care should be taken to ensure that the benefits from increased crop yields are not exceeded by the installation and operating costs of the irrigation scheme.

Irrigation causes a subsequent rise in water-tables. If saline water is below, it may rise to the surface. Sometimes salinity becomes high enough to kill the plants. Irrigation water itself can carry salt and sometimes other toxic materials that hurt the plants. To prevent this, irrigation projects must also assure good drainage.

Glastonbury Festival

The Glastonbury Festival is a very big music festival. It is held at Worthy Farm near Glastonbury, Somerset, England, most years, during the last weekend in June. About 100,000 people come to the festival every time. The festival is hosted and organized by local farmer Michael Eavis. It is a widely known festival with many big and popular bands playing there every year.

In Glastonbury 2009, there was a great deal of controversy when Jay-Z was asked to headline the festival. The most infamous response to this was when Noel Gallagher from Oasis said that Glastonbury should only be for rock musicians.

Detroit

Detroit ( , ; , ) is the most populous city in the state of Michigan in the United States. In 1950, Detroit was the fifth most populous city in the United States, with 1.8 million people. It was the 10th most populous city in the United States at the time of the 2000 census, with 950,000 people. By the 2020 census, Detroit fell to the 27th largest, because people moved away, and it had 640,000 people. Over four million people live in Detroit and its surrounding counties. The city borders Windsor, Ontario in Canada. The international border between Detroit and Windsor is one of the most crossed in the world.

The person who started the city was Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac. He was from France. Detroit was made a city in 1701. From 1805 to 1847, Detroit was the capital of Michigan.

Detroit ran out of money in March 2013. On July 18, 2013, Detroit filed for bankruptcy. This was the largest bankruptcy case of any city in U.S. history.

Detroit is a city where many automobiles are made and this is why it is sometimes called the "Motor City", or "Motown". Many people call it the car capital of the world. General Motors, Ford and Chrysler have their offices and many of their plants in and around Detroit.

Detroit is the home of many sport teams including the Detroit Lions (NFL), Detroit Red Wings (NHL), Detroit Tigers (MLB) and the Detroit City Soccer Club.

In 2006, the Super Bowl was played at Ford Field in Detroit.

WXYZ American Broadcasting Company

Detroit is home to one of the largest black communities in the United States, with 77% being African-American. Detroit also has a large Arab population. Many Arabs live in metro Detroit. The Arab-American community in Detroit began with a small group of Syrian and Lebanese merchants who immigrated to Detroit in the late 1800s. Mexicans have recently replaced the shrinking population.

Violent crime rate is one of the highest in the USA.

Detroit has a humid continental climate ("Dfa" in the Köppen climate classification), and is influenced by the nearby Great Lakes. Detroit usually has around 38 days of snow every year.

War communism

War communism is the name for the economic policies that introduced to Russia in 1918 by Vladimir Lenin, leader of Russia from 1917 to 1924. The policy was ended in 1921 because it was not successful. Instead, he introduced the New Economic Policy in 1921.

War Communism was introduced for many reasons. However, the most important ones were: 

It was bad for the Russian economy because the government took away extra grain produced by the peasants. This was known as grain requisitioning. Peasants were not allowed to sell their extra food, so they stopped producing more than they needed to eat. This created a Russian famine with millions of people foodless and starving.

New Economic Policy

New Economic Policy (NEP) was an economic policy introduced by Lenin after the failed methods of War communism. These New Economic Policies were to revive the Russian economy. The new policy was a combination of private enterprise and state socialism. This is because the people did not believe in War communism.

The New Economic Policies meant that Russia returned to a partly capitalist society. This sorted out the problems of mass starvation and Famine which War communism had caused.

Lenin did not want Russia to stay in this way, he only introduced them to be supported again by the Russian people, and to revive the economy. In 1928 Joseph Stalin abolished the NEP.

Foreign aid

Foreign aid is a country helping another country by giving money or things or sending people. That is especially needed when a disaster happens in a poor country. The help is sometimes comes from a country's government, but the country's ordinary people sometimes give money. Foreign aid may help by giving food and clean water to people who need them. A charity usually donates to the developing countries. Some aid is for economic development. 

The poorer countries are called LEDCs (Less Economically Developed Countries). The richer countries are called MEDCs (More Economically Developed Countries). 

The United Nations and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development also work for such aid for poorer countries.

Hydroelectricity

Hydroelectricity is electricity made by generators that are turned by the movement of water. It is usually made with dams that partly block a river to make a reservoir of water. Water is released, and the pressure of the dam (potential energy stored in the dam) forces the water down pipes that lead to a turbine. This causes the turbine to turn, to turn a generator which makes electricity. 

This renewable energy method makes about one sixth of the world's electricity. It produces less pollution than the fires of steam engines do. Some places such as Norway and Quebec get most of their electricity this way. 

Because all methods have advantages and disadvantages, most countries have several ways to generate electricity. For example, hydroelectric methods have certain advantages, and atomic energy has quite different advantage.For most countries today, hydroelectric energy is the preferred, or one of the preferred methods. Mainly because it is a renewable energy which means that you can reuse it and it will never run out.

The way the electricity is produced does not harm the environment as much as fossil fuels like oil or coal do. Hydroelectricity is very powerful and safe, and produces no waste.

An important advantage of hydroelectric dams is their ability to be used as a peaking power plant. When the electricity demand declines, the dam simply stores more water. Water that has been stored in a reservoir can be released (let go) when needed, so the energy can be made quickly. Some hydroelectricity generators use pumped storage to store excess energy (often during the night), by using the electricity to pump water up into a basin. Electricity can be generated when demand increases. This flexibility also makes hydroelectricity a good match for less controllable intermittent energy sources. When the wind is not blowing or the sun is not shining, hydroelectricity can be created.

Using stored water in river dams is sometimes complicated by irrigation needs which may happen out of phase with peak electrical demands.

Another advantage is that hydroelectricity cannot run out as long as there is a good water supply. Once the dam is built, the electricity costs very little, no waste or pollution is produced, and electricity can be generated whenever it is needed.

A few hydro turbines do not have a dam but instead use the current of the "run of the river". They produce less electricity and cannot store energy for later use.

The building of large dams to hold water can damage the environment. In 1983, the Australian government stopped the Tasmanian state government from building a dam on the Gordon River in Tasmania after a huge public protest. The dam would have flooded the Franklin River. The Three Gorges Dam in China is the world's largest hydroelectricity project, and the world's largest power plant of any kind. The dam has flooded a huge area, meaning that 1.2 million people had to be moved. Scientists are concerned about many problems with the dam, such as pollution, silt, and the danger of the dam wall breaking.Also it doesn’t provide many jobs for people, is expensive to run and set up and is a real danger to marine life.


Mallaig

Mallaig is a small town in Scotland. It is also a port. Ferries link Mallaig, which is on the mainland, to some islands. About 797 lived there in 2001.

Cramlington

Cramlington is a town in the county of Northumberland, in the north-east of England.

Cramlington is about five miles from the coast. The nearest beach is at Blyth, which is to the east. The county town of Morpeth is rather nearby.

Newcastle city is also close, which people of Cramlington can go and enjoy.

Cramlington is rather new, with lots of parks. The bicycle track system means cyclists can travel around the entire town without having to travel on the roads. The underpasses under the major roads mean children can walk around safe from traffic.

It was thought the Vikings were the first to settle in Cramlington. Until relatively recently it was made up of a few small mining villages, but was chosen to be a new town and since the 1960s, builders have enlarged the town to become the town of 40,000 it is today.

The headquarters of The Officers Club menswear store is in Cramlington.
A large indoor shopping mall, Manor Walks, serves as the main shopping centre, next to the old village centre. There is a large leisure centre, Concordia, next to the shopping centre which has an indoor pool, climbing wall and well-equipped gym.

There are lots of Christian churches in the town including two Methodist, an Anglican church with two plants, as well as a Catholic church and a few Pentecostal and charismatic churches.

Cramlington Community High School is the only secondary school in the town, which passed the recent OFSTED inspection with 'outstanding' grades. The school system is about to be replaced with the two tier system, in which the high school will cater for 11-18 year olds.

The comedian Ross Noble grew up in Cramlington.

Belfast

Belfast (Irish: "Béal Feirste") is the capital of Northern Ireland. It is the second largest city in Ireland, after Dublin. About 270,000 people live in the city. It became capital of Northern Ireland when Northern Ireland was created in 1921. A lot of famous ships were built by the Belfast shipyard Harland and Wolff. In 1911 they built the RMS Titanic.

Dungeness

Dungeness is a place on the coast in Kent, England. There are two power stations there called Dungeness Nuclear Power Station. There are also two lighthouses.

Power station

A power station (or power plant) is a place where electricity is produced. Most do this by a big spinning electrical generator. In big powers stations the spinning is usually driven by a steam turbine. The steam may come from:


Some do not use steam engines to spin the generator. Rather they use: 

A few power stations use the sun's rays to generate solar power without motion. There are many power stations around the world, because many things need electricity to work.

Stations may be operated as Load following power plant, peaking power plant, or base load power plant.



These all use heat as a source of energy.

These sources have no moving parts. They are more expensive than generators, and are used where other questions are more important.

Mind

The mind is a general term for the way a person thinks, reasons, perceives, wills, has ideas, and has emotion. For science, what others call the mind is "entirely" caused by workings of the brain. The philosopher Gilbert Ryle called mind the "Ghost in the Machine". He said the idea that it was separate from the brain was the mistaken "Official Doctrine". However, some think that mind is separate from the body and is called a soul (see dualism).

Many people argue about what makes up the mind. Some say that only reason and memory are part of the mind, because they are conscious. In this view the emotions like love, hate, fear and joy are different from the mind. Some people with this view say the emotions are part of the heart. Others argue that our rational and emotional states cannot be separated and should all be part of what we call the mind.

People often use "mind " to mean the same as "thought": the way we talk to ourselves "inside our heads". This is where the sayings "make up our minds," "change our minds" and "of two minds" come from. One of the important things of the mind in this sense is that it is private. No one else can "know our mind."

The original meaning of the Old English "gemynd" was memory. This explains the sayings "call to mind", "come to mind", "keep in mind", "to have mind of", and so on. Old English had other words to express what we call "mind" today, such as "hyge", meaning "mind, spirit".
The word mind gradually grew to mean all conscious thought over the 14th and 15th centuries.

Thought is when we absorb what happens around us so that we can deal with it effectively according to our plans and desires. Thinking is using information, like forming concepts, problem solving, reasoning and making choices.

Memory is when we store information in our minds, and can later recall it.

Imagination is the ability to invent worlds inside the mind, complete or not. The mind makes these by drawing on experience in the shared world.

Consciousness is knowing that we exist and the world exists, and being able to understand what happens around us.

Just like the body, a mind can be healthy. The measure of this is called mental health. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is not one way to measure mental health in all people, because there are many things in our environment that might make what is mentally healthy different from one person to another. In general, most experts agree that "mental health" and "mental illness" are not opposites. In other words, not having a mental illness does not mean you are in good mental health.

One way to study mental health is by looking at how well a person lives. Signs of mental health include: feeling capable and happy, being able to handle normal levels of stress, making and keeping friends, leading an independent life, and being able to recover from difficult situations.

Philosophy of mind is the branch of philosophy that studies the nature of the mind and how it is linked to the body. The main problem is how the mind is related to the body, but there are also questions about the nature of the mind that do not talk about its relation to the physical body.

"Dualism" and "monism" are the two main ways people try to solve the mind-body problem. Dualism is when people believe that the mind and body are in some way separate from each other. It can be traced back to Plato, Aristotle, and the Samkhya and Yoga schools of Hindu philosophy, but it was most precisely formulated by René Descartes in the 17th century.

"Monism" is the belief that mind and body are not physiologically and ontologically distinct kinds of entities. This view was first seen in Western philosophy by Parmenides in the 5th century BC and was later held by the 17th-century rationalist Baruch Spinoza. According to Spinoza, mind and body are two parts of a larger being.

"Idealists" think that the mind is all that exists and that the outside world is actually made up by the mind. Physicalists think that everything can be expressed by what is physical. "Neutral monists" believe that everything can be either mental or physical depending how you see it. For example, a red spot on a wall is physical, because it is an actual thing depending on the physical wall, but it is mental because our brain responds to the colour. The most common monisms in the 20th and 21st centuries have all been different kinds of physicalism, including behaviorism.

Psychology is the study of the way we think, feel and act. It involves the scientific study of processes such as perception, cognition, feelings, personality, as well as things around us that might affect the way we think. From this study, psychologists try to form rules for why we act the way we do. Psychology also includes using this knowledge to help solve problems of everyday life and treat mental health problems.

Social psychology is the study of how we think, feel and act in groups of other people. Most people who study social psychology are either psychologists or sociologists.

The phrase Mind's eye refers to the ability to see things with the mind.


Reality

Reality means any of the plot elements of the live action role play known as real life. Despite the high level of detail, it is fiction. Reality does not include any of the totally 100% factual things you see on the internet, because all of that stuff really truly happened. 

Reality is the state of things as they are, rather than as they may appear or might be imagined. In a wider definition, reality includes everything that is and has been, whether or not we can see it and understand it. An even wider definition includes everything that has existed, exists, or will exist.

Reality is often contrasted with what is imaginary, delusional, in the mind, dreams, what is false, what is fictional, or what is abstract.

All the same, what is abstract plays a role in everyday life and in academic research. For instance, causality, virtue, life and justice are abstract concepts. They are difficult to define, but they are not pure delusions.

Television programs that are not scripted are called Reality TV.


Mary Shelley

Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (30 August 1797 – 1 February 1851) was an English writer. She is best known for writing the novel "Frankenstein". She was in her teens when she wrote the book. She later edited the poems of her husband, Percy Bysshe Shelley.

After her mother's death, Shelley lived with her older half-sister Fanny Imlay and their father. Fanny Imlay was Wollstonecraft's daughter from an affair she had with a soldier. Shelley's father married Mary Jane Clairmont in 1801. Clairmont already had two children and later had a son with Shelley's father. During that time, Shelleys's stepmother thought Shelley did not need be educated. Shelley did not give up because of that. She used her father's library and was often found reading by her mother's grave. Shelley's father often had visitors like Samuel Taylor Coleridge and William Wordsworth. She used those times to learn from them.

During May 1816, Mary and her husband Percy Bysshe Shelley traveled to Lake Geneva. They spent the summer near the famous poet Lord Byron. In terms of English literature, it was a great summer. Percy began work on "Hymn To Intellectual Beauty" and "Mont Blanc". Mary was inspired to write her classic work.

One evening, the group of young writers decided to have a contest telling horror stories. Another guest, Dr. Oliver Polidori, came up with The Vampyre. This later had a strong influence on Bram Stoker's Dracula. Other guests told scary stories, but Mary could not think of one. But that night, she dreamt of the story she had wanted to tell. She wrote it down, and in time, her story would be published as Frankenstein. It became more successful than any of the other writings produced that summer.

The year she published "The Modern Prometheus", known as Frankenstein was 1818. Mary was only 20 years-old. It is sometimes called the world's first science fiction novel. The ideas for both "Frankenstein" and Polidori's "The Vampyre" were from the famous poet, Lord Byron. The books "Frankenstein" and "The Vampyre" were both published on the same year. Once Mary Shelley published Frankenstein, her life became more interesting

Mary had many different sources for her work; one was the Promethean myth from Ovid. The influence of John Milton's "Paradise Lost" (the book the 'monster' finds in the cabin) is also seen in the novel. Also, she had read William Beckford's "Vathek".

In Mary Shelley's life, her romances led her father to disown her. When she was sixteen, Shelley met Percy Bysshe Shelley, who was 22 at the time. They both fell in love and ran away in 1814. By the time they returned to England, Mary was pregnant and her father wanted nothing to do with her. Returning to England in September 1816, Mary and Shelley stunned their two families. First, in November, Mary's older half-sister, Fanny Imlay, left the Godwin home and took her own life at a distant inn. Only weeks later, Shelley's first wife drowned herself in Hyde Park, London. She did not welcome Shelley's invitation to join Mary and himself in their new household.

Shortly after Harriet's death, Shelley and Mary married, now with Godwin's blessing. Their attempts to gain custody of Shelley's two children by Harriet failed. Even though this happened, their writing careers enjoyed more success. In the spring of 1817, Mary finished "Frankenstein". Mary had two sons and a daughter. The daughter died in infancy and the elder son when he was two. Mary and Percy were both vegetarians, and strong advocates for animal rights. One can see references to vegetarianism in her writing. For example, in her novel "Frankenstein", the 'monster' was a vegetarian. After Percy's death in 1822, she returned to England to finish Shelley's writings and educate their only surviving child.

Mary Shelley died of brain cancer on February 1, 1851 in London. Her body was buried at St. Peter's Churchyard in Bournemouth, in the English county of Dorset.

Four films have shown Mary Shelley, and the basic idea of the "Frankenstein" story in 1816: "Gothic" directed by Ken Russell (1986), "Haunted Summer" directed by Ivan Passer (1988), "Remando al Viento" (English title: "Rowing with the Wind") directed by Gonzalo Suárez (1988) and "Mary Shelley" directed by Haifaa al-Mansour (2017)


Sum

The sum of two numbers is their value added together. This operation is called additive summation or addition. There are many ways of writing sums, including:
Sigma notation is a mathematical notation to write long sums in a short way. Sigma notation uses the Greek letter Sigma (formula_3), and takes upper and lower bounds which tell us where the sum begins and where it ends. The lower bound usually has a variable (called the index, often denoted by formula_4, formula_5 or formula_6) along with a value, such as "formula_7". This tells us that the summation begins at 2, and goes up by 1 until it reaches the number on the top.

Sums are used to represent series and sequences. For example:
The geometric series of a repeating decimal can be represented in summation. For example:

The concept of an integral is a limit of sums, with the area under a curve being defined as:




Nelson Mandela

Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela (18 July 1918 – 5 December 2013) was a South African politician and activist. On 27 April 1994, he was made the first President of South Africa elected in a fully represented democratic election. He was also the first black President of his country, South Africa.

Mandela was born in Mvezo, South Africa to a Thembu royal family.

His government focused on throwing out the legacy of apartheid by ending racism, poverty, inequality, and on improving racial understanding in South Africa. Politically a believer in socialism, he served as the President of the African National Congress (ANC) from 1991 to 1997 and adopted new Constitution of South African in 1996 that prohibits all discrimination, based on language, religion, handicap and sexual orientation, not only on racism. Internationally, Mandela was the Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement from 1998 to 1999.

Mandela received more than 250 honors, including the 1993 Nobel Peace Prize, the US Presidential Medal of Freedom, and the Soviet Order of Lenin. He is often referred to by his Xhosa clan name, Madiba, or as Tata ("Father"). Mandela was described as a hero, and his actions gave thousands of people hope.

Mandela was sick for several years during his retirement. He was hospitalized in late summer of 2013 from a continuous lung infection. Mandela died on 5 December 2013 in Houghton Estate, Johannesburg from a respiratory tract infection. He was 95 years old.

Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela was born on 18 July 1918 in Mvezo, Umtata (now Mthatha), Transkei, South Africa. He had thirteen siblings by the same father, and two mothers. His parents were Gadla Henry Mphakanyiswa and Nosekeni Nonqaphi . His given name was Rolihlahla, a Xhosa name meaning "pulling the branch of a tree" or informally, "troublemaker". He was a member of the Thembu royal family. On his first day of school, he was given the name Nelson by his teacher Miss Mdingane. Giving children in Africa English names was a custom among Africans during that period.

Mandela's father died when he was twelve. Mandela then lived with the local regent who sent him to school. He was the first member of his family to go to a school. He was expelled from Fort Hare University in 1941, because he led a group of students on political strike. After he was expelled, Nelson found a good job as a night watchman.

In 1944, Mandela helped start the African National Congress Youth League. He was soon a high-ranked leader of the group.

He wanted to free South Africa without violence, but the government started killing and hurting protesters. He then started Umkhonto we Sizwe with Walter Sisulu and other people in the African National Congress that he admired, such as Mahatma Gandhi.

A trial was later held and became known as the Rivonia Trial. Mandela was on trial because of his involvement in sabotage and violence in 1962. He was sentenced to life in prison, and was sent to Robben Island, but was transferred to Victor Verster Prison in 1988. In 1990, he was let out of Victor Verster Prison after 26.5 years. He left prison after de Klerk removed a ban on the African National Congress. He ordered Mandela's release. He then received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993, with former State President of South Africa, Frederik Willem de Klerk.

Mandela won the general election in April 1994. His inauguration was in Pretoria on 10 May 1994. Many people around the world saw his inauguration on television. The event had 4000 guests, including world leaders from different backgrounds. Mandela was the first South African President elected in a completely democratic election. ()

As South Africa's first black President, Mandela became head of the Government of National Unity which was under controlled by the African National Congress (or ANC). The ANC had no knowledge in politics, but had representatives from the National Party and Inkatha. In keeping with earlier promises, de Klerk became first Deputy President, while Thabo Mbeki was chosen second.

Although Mbeki had not been his first choice for president, Mandela soon trusted Mbeki throughout his presidency. This allowed Mbeki to organize policy details. Mandela moved into the presidential office at Tuynhuys in Cape Town. He would settle into the nearby Westbrooke Manor. Westbrooke was renamed "Genadendal". Preserving his Houghton home, he also had a house built in his home village of Qunu. He visited Qunu regularly, walking around the area, meeting with local people who lived there, and judging tribal problems.

He faced many illness at age 76. Although having energy, he felt left out and lonely. He often entertained celebrities, such as Michael Jackson, Whoopi Goldberg, and the Spice Girls. He became friends with a number of rich business people, like Harry Oppenheimer and British monarch Elizabeth II on her March 1995 state visit to South Africa. This resulted in strong judgment from ANC anti-capitalists. Despite his surroundings, Mandela lived simply, donating a third of his $552,000 wealth to the Nelson Mandela Children's Fund, which he had founded in 1995. In that same year, Mandela published his autobiography, "Long Walk to Freedom".

Although in favor of freedom of the press, Mandela was important of much of the country's media because it was owned and run by many middle-class whites. Mandela became known for his use of Batik shirts, known as "Madiba shirts", even on normal events. Mandela had never planned on serving a second term in office. Mandela gave his farewell speech on 29 March 1999, after which he retired. Mandela's term ended on 14 June 1999. Thabo Mbeki succeeded Mandela as President of South Africa.

He won the Nobel Peace Prize for his leadership for his anti-apartheid activism in 1993. After receiving the prize he said:

"We stand here today as nothing more than a representative of the millions of our people who dared to rise up against a social operation whose very essence is war, violence, racism, oppression, repression and the impoverishment of an entire people."
Mandela was married three times and has six children. He had seventeen grandchildren, and a growing number of great-grandchildren. Though physically non-emotional with his children, he could be stern and demanding.

Mandela married Evelyn Ntoko Mase in October 1944. They had two children. Mandela remained married to Evelyn until they divorced in 1957. Evelyn died in 2004. He then married Winnie Madikizela in 1958. They had two daughters. The couple filed for separation in 1992. They divorced in 1996. Mandela married again to Graça Machel, on his 80th birthday in 1998. She was the widow of Samora Machel. Machel was the former Mozambican president and ANC ally who was killed in an air crash 12 years earlier.

Though publicly criticizing him on several events, Mandela liked United States President Bill Clinton. Mandela personally supported him during his impeachment trial in 1998.

In June 2004, Mandela announced that he was retiring from public life. Mandela said "Don't call me, I will call you". Although continuing to meet with close friends and family, the Nelson Mandela Foundation denied invitations for him to appear at public events and most interview requests.

On 27 March 2013, Mandela was hospitalized in Pretoria from a lung infection. It was reported on 28 March that he was responding well to treatment. Mandela was again hospitalized on 7 June from another lung infection, On 23 June, his condition was announced to be critical. On 26 June, it was announced that Mandela was put on life-support. On 4 July, Mandela's family announced that Mandela was under life-support and he was in a permanent persistent vegetative state. The next day, the South African government denied the fact that Mandela was in a vegetative state. Mandela was discharged from the hospital on 1 September 2013.

Many South Africans thought that Mandela died overnight on 26 June after he was removed from his life support. The South African government said that Mandela is still alive despite the rumor that he died. It was later reported that the rumor was just a death hoax. CNN also reported that Mandela died, but later fixed the report soon afterwards. Photos were taken with Mandela and First Lady Michelle Obama as proof that Mandela was still alive.

Mandela died on 5 December 2013 at his home at Houghton Estate, Johannesburg from complications of a respiratory tract infection, aged 95. He was surrounded by his family when he died. His death was announced by President Jacob Zuma.

On 6 December, Zuma announced a national mourning for ten days. An event for an official memorial service was held at the FNB Stadium in Johannesburg on Tuesday 10 December. He declared Sunday 8 December a national day of prayer: "We call upon all our people to gather in halls, churches, mosques, temples, synagogues and in their homes to pray and hold prayer services and meditation reflecting on the life of "Madiba" and his contribution to our country and the world."

Mandela's body lay in state from 11 to 13 December at the Union Buildings in Pretoria. A state funeral was held on Sunday 15 December in Qunu. David Cameron, Barack Obama, Raul Castro, Bill Gates, and Oprah Winfrey were there.

On 28 June Mandela's family were arguing about where to bury Mandela. On 29 June the South African government announced that a memorial service for Mandela will be held 10 to 14 days after his death at Soccer City. On 1 July it was announced that if Mandela were to die he might become the first non-British person to be honored at Westminster Abbey. Queen Elizabeth II honored Mandela with a thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey in early 2014. This made Mandela the first non-British person to be honored at Westminster Abbey. Mandela was buried in the village of Qunu in the Eastern Cape of South Africa. Qunu is where he grew up.

In South Africa, Mandela is sometimes called by his Xhosa clan name of Madiba.
Nelson Mandela was honored with the following:

Mandela has been portrayed in movies and television. In the 1997 movie, "Mandela and de Klerk", Sidney Poitier plays Mandela. Dennis Haysbert plays Mandela in "Goodbye Bafana" (2007). In the 2009 BBC television movie, "Mrs Mandela", Nelson Mandela is played by David Harewood. In 2009, Morgan Freeman plays Mandela in "Invictus" (2009). Terrence Howard also plays Mandela in the 2011 movie "Winnie Mandela". Mandela appeared as himself in the 1992 American movie "Malcolm X". In "" he was played by Idris Elba.

By the time of his death, Mandela had come to be widely considered "the father of the nation" within South Africa. He is also seen as "the national liberator, the savior, its Washington and Lincoln rolled into one". Throughout his life, Mandela had also faced criticism. Margaret Thatcher attracted international attention for describing the ANC as "a typical terrorist organization" in 1987. She later made favors to release Mandela from prison. Mandela has also been criticized for his friendship with political leaders such as Fidel Castro, Muammar Gaddafi, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, and Suharto.


The Lost World: Jurassic Park

The Lost World: Jurassic Park (known also as The Lost World) is an American movie directed by Steven Spielberg. It was released in 1997. It is the sequel to the movie "Jurassic Park". "The Lost World" is the second in a series of three movies. It was followed by "Jurassic Park III" and "Jurassic World". It is based on a book by Michael Crichton, and sticks generally to the plot of the book. The movie was quite successful but not as much as the first.


Mario Party 6

Mario Party 6 is a party board video game for the Nintendo GameCube. It is the sixth game in the "Mario Party" series. It was released in Japan on November 18, 2004, in North America on December 6, 2004, and in Europe on March 18, 2005. It is the first "Mario Party" game to use the Nintendo GameCube's microphone add-on.

"Mario Party 6" plays the same as previous games in the "Mario Party" series. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through 10. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. In multiplayer, the sun will rise and fall every three turns. Changes that happen include spaces moving, new characters appearing, and changes to mini-games.

Six boards are in the game. The last one has to be unlocked. Players can play as 11 characters. One of them, Toadette, makes her first playable appearance in a "Mario Party" game in this game.

Don Quixote

Don Quixote is a novel by Miguel de Cervantes. The book was published in two parts (1605 and 1615). It was first written in Spanish. Soon afterwards it was translated to English by Thomas Shelton. It is considered by many scholars to be the first modern novel. The main character, Don Quixote, is a paragon of chivalry, but in a deeply flawed and impractical way. Don Quixote is so influential as a character that the word "quixotic" is used to describe his type of behavior.

The story is about Alonso Quixano, a rich middle-aged man. Quixano, having read many tales about chivalry and knights, goes crazy and believes that he is a knight named Don Quixote. He rides around the country with his squire, Sancho, having adventures. He believes his adventures are real, but everyone else laughs at him.

One of the most famous stories in the book is Don Quixote's fight with windmills. He sees some windmills and thinks they are giants. When he rides to fight with them, he is knocked off his horse. Sancho tells him they are only windmills, but Don Quixote does not believe him. He is sure a magician changed windmills into the giants to hurt him.

At the end of the book, Don Quixote (Alonso Quixano) returns home, hurt badly from a fight with another knight. He becomes sane (sane means to see reality) again, then dies from a high fever.

Swim

For living creatures, a swim or swimming is a way of moving in water. Swimming is an activity that can be both useful and recreational. Its primary uses are bathing, cooling, fishing, recreation, exercise, and sport. 

Swimming has been known amongst humans since prehistoric times; the earliest record of swimming dates back to Stone Age, from around 7,000 years ago. Competitive swimming started in Europe around 1800 and was part of the first modern 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens, though not in a form comparable to the contemporary events. It was not until 1908 that regulations were implemented by the International Swimming Federation to produce competitive swimming.


Archimedes

Archimedes of Syracuse () was a Greek scientist. He was an inventor, an astronomer, and a mathematician. He was born in the town of Syracuse in Sicily.

His father was Phidias, an astronomer, and he may have been in the family of a king of Syracuse. Syracuse was a rich Greek city, on the seashore in Sicily. When Archimedes was about ten years old, he left Syracuse to study in Alexandria, Egypt. He was in the school of Euclid, a famous mathematician. Not much is known about the personal life of Archimedes, for example, whether he was married or if he had children.

When the Romans invaded Syracuse, they captured Archimedes so they could learn all of the things he knew. About two years after he was drawing a mathematical diagram in the sand and enraged a soldier by refusing to go to meet the Roman general until he had finished working on the problem. The Roman killed him. His last words are supposed to have been "Do not disturb my circles!"

"On the Sphere and Cylinder" is a work that was published by Archimedes in two volumes in about 225 BC. On the sphere, he showed that the surface area is four times the area of its great circle. In modern terms, this means that the surface area is equal to:
The surface area of a cylinder is equal to:
The volume of the cylinder is:
The volume of the contained ball is two-thirds the volume of a "circumscribed" cylinder. meaning that the volume is

A sculpted sphere and cylinder were placed on the tomb of Archimedes at his request.

Archimedes is also well known for being the first person to understand statics, which is a part o f applied mathematics. It has to do with loads that do not move, for example in buildings or bridges. He also understood and wrote about what happens when things float in liquids, which is called buoyancy.

Archimedes' principle: the weight of water displaced by an object equals the amount of buoyancy it gets. It has practical uses. It can be used to measure the density of an object, and hence whether or not it is made of gold.

The story of the golden crown does not appear in the surviving works of Archimedes. Archimedes may have got a solution known in hydrostatics as Archimedes' principle, which he describes in his treatise "On Floating Bodies". This principle states that a body immersed in a fluid experiences a buoyant force equal to the weight of the fluid it displaces. Using this principle, it would have been possible to compare the density of the golden crown to that of solid gold by balancing the crown on a scale with a gold reference sample, then immersing the apparatus in water. The difference in density between the two samples would cause the scale to tip accordingly. Galileo considered it "probable that this method is the same that Archimedes followed, since, besides being very accurate, it is based on demonstrations found by Archimedes himself".

Archimedes is also famous as an inventor because he made new tools and machines. For example, he made a machine to lift water that could be used by farmers to bring water to their crops. This is called Archimedes' screw.

Archimedes probably also invented a machine to measure distance, an odometer. A cart was built with wheels that turned four hundred times in one mile. A pin on the wheel would hit a 400-tooth gear, so it turned once for every mile. This gear would then make a small stone fall into a cup. At the end of a journey one could count the number of stones in the cup to find the distance.

Archimedes also made a system which one person could pull a large ship with just one rope. This was called the compound pulley. This is an important machine which is even today helps people in everyday life, although the versions we now use are much more complicated. They still work by the same principle, through.

Archimedes also invented or made many machines used in war, for example he made better catapults. This was during the Punic Wars, which were between Rome in what is now Italy and the city of Carthage in what is now North Africa. For many years he helped stop the Roman army from attacking Syracuse, his city. One war machine was called the "claw of Archimedes", or the "iron hand". It was used to defend the city from attacks by ships. Ancient writers said that it was a kind of crane with a hook that lifted ships out of the water and caused their destruction.

Another story about Archimedes is that he burned Roman ships from far away using many mirrors and the light from the sun. This is perhaps possible, but it is perhaps more likely that this was done with flaming missiles from a catapult.

Archimedes is thought to be so important as a mathematician that scientists have honoured him:

Radio

Radio is a way to send electromagnetic signals over a long distance, to deliver information from one place to another. A machine that sends radio waves is called a transmitter, while a machine that "picks up" the signals is called a receiver or antenna. A machine that does both jobs is a "transceiver". When radio signals are sent out to many receivers at the same time, it is called a broadcast.

Television also uses radio signals to send pictures and sound.

Airplanes and other things may be used under radio control. Radio signals can be used to lock and unlock the doors in a car from a distance.

Sound can be sent by radio, sometimes through Frequency Modulation (FM) or Amplitude Modulation (AM).

Many people worked to make radio possible. After James Clerk Maxwell predicted them, Heinrich Rudolf Hertz in Germany first showed that radio waves exist. Guglielmo Marconi in Italy made radio into a practical tool of telegraphy, used mainly by ships at sea. He is sometimes said to have invented radio. Later inventors learned to transmit voices, which led to broadcasting of news, music and entertainment.

Radio was first created as a way to send telegraph messages between two people without wires. Then two-way radio brought voice communication, including walkie-talkies and eventually mobile phones.

Radio waves are still used to send messages between people. Talking to someone with a radio is different than "talk radio". Citizens band radio and amateur radio use specific radios to talk back and forth. Policemen, firemen and other people who help in emergency use a radio emergency communication system to communicate (talk to each other). It is like a mobile phone, (which also uses radio signals) but the distance they reach is shorter and both people must use the same kind of radio.

The word "radio" is sometimes used to mean only voiceband broadcasting. Most voiceband broadcasting uses lower frequency and longer wavelength than most television broadcasting. Voiceband broadcasting sends music, news and entertainers including "talk radio". Radio shows were used before there were TV programs. In the 1930s, the US president started sending a message about the country every week to the American people. Companies that make and send radio programming are called radio stations. These are sometimes run by governments, and sometimes by private companies, who make money by sending advertisements. Other radio stations are supported by local communities. These are called community radio stations. In the early days, manufacturing companies would pay to broadcast complete stories on the radio. These were often plays or dramas. Because companies who made soap often paid for them, these were called "soap operas".
Microwaves have even higher frequency; shorter wavelength. They also are used to transmit television and radio programs, and for other purposes. Communications satellites relay microwaves around the world.

A radio receiver does not need to be directly in view of the transmitter to receive programme signals. Low frequency radio waves can bend around hills by diffraction, although repeater stations are often used to improve the quality of the signals.

Shortwave radio frequencies are also reflected from an electrically charged layer of the upper atmosphere, called the Ionosphere. The waves can bounce between the ionosphere and the earth to reach receivers that are not in the line of sight because of the curvature of the Earth's surface. They can reach very far, sometimes around the world.

Radio telescopes receive radio waves from the sky to study astronomical objects. Satellite navigation uses radio to determine location, and radar uses it to find and track things.


Vandalism

Vandalism is a crime that is done by destroying or damaging the property of someone else. This can include graffiti and website damage.

A person that does this is called a vandal. The name comes from the Vandals, a tribe that attacked and damaged the city of Rome in 455 CE.

Examples of physical vandalism include salting lawns, cutting trees without permission, egg throwing, breaking windows, arson, spraying paint on others' properties, and tagging.

Many websites, such as wikis (like Wikipedia), forums, and blogs, can be changed by anyone. Because of this, they can be "vandalized" by adding comments or replacing everything on the page with spam, nonsense or other silly content. It is a kind of trolling, and these websites have special users, called administrators, whose job is to remove the vandalism and to block users who do not stop vandalizing. 

Monopoly (game)

Monopoly is a board game played by two to eight players. In the game, players move around the spaces of the board, buying and selling land and buildings to try to become the richest player. When all the other players run out of money, you win the game.

Many books give advice on how to win the game. An early book, "1000 Ways to Win Monopoly Games" was written by Jeffrey S. Lehman (who later became President of Cornell University) and Jay S. Walker (founder of priceline.com.)

"Monopoly" was created by Elizabeth Magie as a teaching tool based on the economic concept of land monopoly. Magie created the game in 1903, to explain the single tax theory of Henry George. She wanted her game to be an educational tool to highlight the negative aspects of concentrating land in private monopolies. Her game, which she called "The Landlord's Game", was self-published, beginning in 1906. The original rules included several ways to play the game, including one where players could agree to share the land rents and everyone would win.

In 1934, Charles Darrow in Philadelphia found The Landlord's Game and thought that the game was more exciting when players didn't share their land rents. He published his own version of the game where making money was the focus of the game, and called it "Monopoly." Later on, he sold his game to Parker Brothers, who falsely credited Charles Darrow as the creator of the game.

On the Monopoly board are 40 spaces. In the four corners of the board are "GO", "Free Parking", "JAIL", and "Go to Jail". Along the sides of the board are properties (streets and businesses) for sale. The properties are: 22 "streets" (each marked with one of eight colors), 4 "railroad stations", the "Electric Company" and the "Water Works". There are also spaces called "Income Tax", "Luxury Tax", "Community Chest" and "Chance".

In the original version, the properties and railroad stations were named after the streets in Atlantic City in New Jersey in the United States. In the British original version, they are named after streets in London.

To prepare for the game, the board is put in position. The Chance and Community Chest cards are shuffled and placed face down on the board. Each player chooses a token (a playing piece), such as a thimble, a rocking horse, a boot, a dog, etc. (the tokens vary depending on the edition), and places it on "GO". One player is chosen to be the banker - this player is trusted with handing out money from the bank and collecting players' spent money during the game.

The banker gives each player $1500 to start with. Each player rolls the dice, and the player who rolled the highest total takes the first turn.

The object of the game is to own as much land (property) and to be the richest player.
The rules can be found in every "Monopoly" box, but a summary is listed here.

On your turn, you roll the dice and move your token forward (clockwise around the edge of the board) the same number of spaces as the sum of the dice you rolled. You must then follow the instructions of whatever space your token lands on.
If you roll doubles (the same number on both dice), you get to take another turn after this one is over. However, if you roll doubles three times in a row, you don't get your third turn but you must go directly to Jail (see below).

The Jail space has two sections, labeled IN JAIL and JUST VISITING. If you land on Jail by your normal roll of the dice, place your token on JUST VISITING and nothing bad (or good) happens to you. But there are three ways to be placed IN JAIL: 
If you are put into Jail, take your token from wherever it is and place it directly on IN JAIL. This does not count as a move, so even if this takes your token past GO, you do not collect $200 from the Bank. If you are put in Jail, your turn ends immediately, even if you rolled doubles and would get to take another turn.

While you are in Jail, you still roll the dice on your turn but you don't get to move your token. There are three ways to get out of Jail:

Note that being in Jail doesn't prevent you from doing anything else in the game, such as collecting rent or trading with other players - it just stops your token from moving around the board.



There are many editions of Monopoly. Officially-licensed editions are produced by Hasbro itself or by USAopoly, and unofficial editions are published by Toy Vault. Official versions are named "____ Monopoly" (such as "Star Wars Monopoly") and feature the Monopoly logo, and unofficial versions are named "____-Opoly" (such as "Python-Opoly") and do not feature the Monopoly logo.

Milton Bradley has produced editions to symbolize the decades of popular culture in America. For example, The 1970s Monopoly has spaces depicting the fashion of the time. Players can purchase bell bottom blue jeans instead of street properties.

A number of video game adaptations have been made. In addition, many electronic editions exist that use credit cards instead of paper money.

In India, a similar game is called Business.

In Egypt, a similar game is called بنك الحظ (The Bank of Luck).

Acquire is another game with rules for more advanced business practices with stocks, but has similar basic concepts of Monopoly (owning properties of the same color, buying land and building on it, making the most money, etc.).

People play Monopoly for different reasons. Some may play for family game night, others use it as a learning tool at school, and others play it just to have fun.

Monopoly may be used as a teaching tool to teach children a variety of lessons while having fun. It teaches how to make deals when trading, playing fair (because cheaters never win), knowing the value of money, addition and subtraction, good sportsmanship, the thrill of competition, strategies and organization. At an elementary level, “it offers a marvelous vehicle for teaching mathematics”. Through the game, children explore different areas of mathematics: not only adding and subtracting but also probability, percentages, and patterns. At a higher level, teachers can use Monopoly to teach microeconomics principles. After the success of Monopoly, another upgraded Monopoly Go game was released on 11 May 2023 by Scopely.


Still Standing

Still Standing is a CBS sitcom starring Mark Addy. It is about a working-class couple who live in Chicago, Illinois. Addy's character is a father of three with a wife named Judy (Jami Gertz). Judy and Addy's character, Bill Miller, deal with having an annoying relative, Aunt Linda (Jennifer Irwin), and with having children of different ages. It was first shown in September 2002. Lifetime had the rights to have the show in 2005. It ended in March 2006.


IGN

IGN is a gaming website that was first launched in 2000. It has FAQ's, guides, and walkthroughs about many of the games on GameCube, PC, PlayStation 2, Xbox, Wii, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and the PlayStation 4, as well as older systems. IGN's main competitor is GameSpot, another gaming website.

IGN also features a popular message board, with a lot of members. 


Sock

Socks are often worn on a person's feet. They absorb sweat and help to keep the foot dry. Socks also give comfort to people's feet and keep them warm in cold weather. They are usually made of cotton or wool. Some socks can cover only the foot and ankle, and others may be long enough to cover the entire lower leg up to the knee. Toe socks are socks that wrap each toe separate from the others. Socks can be worn on the feet. Socks come in an array of different colors. Generally, white socks are worn for everyday or athletic use, and dark socks (black, brown, gray, or navy blue) are worn with business or formal wears. Some dress socks have patterns on them; these are called "argyles".

People often refer to sleeves that cover phones as 'socks'. These come in many different forms, colourful or plain. They help to protect the mobile phone whilst also being a stylish addition. Not many people use phone socks anymore because they seem to be old and out of use however some people still prefer to use them

Everybody Loves Raymond

Everybody Loves Raymond is an American television series. It stars Ray Romano. The series was a popular sitcom on the CBS network.

Ray Romano plays Ray Barone, a sports writer in Lynbrook, New York. Patricia Heaton plays his wife, Debra. Ray and Deborah have a fun set of neighbors: Ray's parents. Robert, Ray's "loser" brother, is a police officer, and is very unlucky in love. By the end of season seven, however, he marries a woman named Amy. The show aired from September 13, 1996 to May 16, 2005.

Lighthouse

A lighthouse is a tall building that sends out light for use in navigation. Lighthouses are built on the coast of an ocean or lake. The lighthouse protects ships from crashing into shore, by sending the light out towards the sea. When sailors see the light, they know to avoid hitting the shore. The light usually turns in a circle so that ships see a flashing light. The light is usually covered by a Fresnel lens. This lens enables the light to travel a far distance.

One of the most famous lighthouses was the Lighthouse of Alexandria. It was on an island near the coast. That island was called "Pharos". Even today, in many languages, the word for "lighthouse" comes from the name of the island.

Almost all lighthouses are automatic now. 

Joan of Arcadia

Joan of Arcadia was a CBS drama television series. It starred Amber Tamblyn. Tamblyn's character was Joan Girardi, a teenager with the ability to talk to God.

In its second season, the show had 8.5 million viewers per episode. However, after declining ratings the show was canceled. A third season was never made.

Lunchbox

A lunchbox is used to carry a person's lunch. They can come in many shapes and sizes and by a number of manufacturers. They can also be in the form of a brown paper bag.
The first aluminium lunch box was created in 1954 by a man by the name of Leo May when he happened to crush his tin lunch box.

The Game of Life

The Game of Life is a popular board game. Players spin a spinner, which tells them where to go next. They then go through an imaginary "life," getting married and having kids. The object of the game is to have more money than the other players by the end of the game.

Poster

A poster is a large piece of printed paper that has a message, usually with picture of something. Posters are made to be shown in public on a wall or other flat surfaces. They were the main form of public advertising before the web, and they are still used.

Posters are used for advertising, education, propaganda, and decoration. They may also be copies of famous works of art.

Chromolithography (color lithography) was invented by Engelmann & Son, who were granted a patent in 1837. After that, it was a matter of time before it reached full commercial development.

Because of its low production costs, over the 50 years after the American Civil War, millions of chromolithographs were printed and were sold for under $10. Louis Prang, a Bostonian, produced fine-art subjects, such as still lifes, landscapes, and classical subjects. Nevertheless, it was only after 1847 that the Jules Chéret posters showed their real potential.


Posters were used for war propaganda, to encourage young people to enlist in the army, and to sell government war bonds. From a strictly artistic view, the posters were unimaginative and far from the masterpieces of the late 19th century posters. The posters almost all came with a caption to bang the message home.

Gretchen Wilson

Gretchen Wilson (born June 26, 1973) is an country music singer.

In 2004 she had her first number one album on Billboard's Hot Country Songs music chart. As late as 2013 she had a song on Billboard's Country Airplay music chart.

Wilson got a contract with Epic Records in 2003.





Blue Balliett

Elizabeth "Blue" Balliett Klein (born in 1955) is an American writer. Her first book is "Chasing Vermeer". "Chasing Vermeer" made the Children's bestseller list in 2004. In the story, two sixth graders help solve a mystery involving a Vermeer painting. The story has to do with pentominoes, patterns, and coincidences. The sequel to "Chasing Vermeer" is "The Wright 3," a mystery centered around the Robie House designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and his talisman- a superstitious good luck object- that is a jade Japanese fish. This time, the two main characters, Petra and Calder, are joined by Calder's old friend, Tommy Segovia. The sequel, called The Wright 3, was published in April 2006.

Eyelash

An eyelash is a hair that grows at the edge of the eyelids. They protect the eye from small things like dust. The average person has hundreds of eyelashes. They have a life span of about 3 months. 

Prague

Prague (Praha in Czech) is the capital and the largest city of the Czech Republic. 1.4 million people live there.

Prague has been known as one of the most beautiful European cities since the Middle Ages. It is often called the "City of 100 Towers", the "Rooftop of Europe" or the "Heart of Europe." Prague was a place where many merchants, artists and inventors met.

Prague is full of historical monuments in all major artistic styles. The historic center of Prague is on both banks of the Vltava river. This historical center has six districts, which were once independent cities that joined in the 18th century. These districts are Staré Město (Old Town), Pražský hrad (Prague castle), Josefov (Old Jewish Town), Nové Město (New Town), Malá Strana (Lesser Town), Hradčany (Prague Castle Quarter) and Vyšehrad. It was Prince Bořivoj who established Prague Castle. There are also lots of museums, galleries, theaters, concert halls, and other historic buildings.

The earliest inhabitants of the area lived in the valley of the Vltava river around 500 BC. Slavonic tribes came to Bohemia in about 500 AD. There is a legend about how the town of Prague started. Princess Libuše, the leader of a Slavonic tribe, chose a simple peasant Přemysl to be her husband. She told him to go and find a village on the banks of the Vltava and to start a town there. The town became Prague, ruled by the Přemyslid family.In the second half of the 9th century the castle’s original fortifications were built. During the reign of Wenceslas I (Václav in Czech) in the 10th century the church of St Vitus was built at Prague castle. Wenceslas was murdered by his brother when he was going to church. He was later made a saint. In the early 11th century the Přemyslid family got power in Moravia, too. Vratislav II was the first monarch to be called King of Bohemia.

Another ruler, also called Wenceslas I, ruled as King of Bohemia from 1230. He encouraged the arts. Many Germans came to live in Prague. In 1257 King Otakar II founded the area of Prague called the Lesser Quarter for the Germans to live in. The last of the Přemyslid kings was King Wenceslas III. He was murdered in Moravia.

During the Middle Ages Prague became very important as the capital of the Holy Roman Empire ruled by Charles IV (1316-1378) who was the most powerful ruler in Europe at the time. Charles made Prague a great city, building St Vitus Cathedral, a university, and a famous bridge called Charles Bridge which still exists.

After Charles IV there were many arguments and fights in Prague. A priest called Jan Hus said that the Catholic Church had become too powerful. He was arrested and burned at the stake in 1415. A lot of people agreed with what Hus had been saying. These people were called Hussites. They threw a lot of important Catholic people out of the window (called "defenestration"). A lot more fighting followed, and for many years Bohemia was ruled by kings who lived in other countries.
From 1526 the Habsburg family ruled Bohemia. They were Catholics and ruled the Holy Roman Empire. In 1576 the Emperor Rudolph II moved the capital from Vienna to Prague. Prague became a rich town again, and people were free to worship as Catholics or Protestants. After Rudolph II there were a lot of religious fighting and more people were thrown out of windows. Eventually the fighting became part of the Thirty Years’ War. When Ferdinand II won the fighting a lot of Protestants left the country. New buildings in Prague were built in the Baroque style. The German language, not Czech, was spoken at court. Maria Theresa was the only queen to reign over Prague. One of her 16 children was Marie Antoinette who became queen of France. When her son Joseph II ruled, people stopped fighting about religion. The people were free to speak what they thought, and there was no more serfdom. Prague now had three parts: the Old Town, the Lesser Quarter and the New Town. Famous people such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart visited the town often.

In the 19th century industry came to Prague. Factories were built, a railway was built between Prague and Vienna. The Czech nationalist movement became very strong after 1848. They wanted to use their own language instead of German. The composers Smetana and Dvořák wrote music about their country, often using Czech folksongs. The National Theatre was opened in 1881.

In June 1914 the Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the Habsburg throne, was murdered. This led to World War I. After the war an independent republic called Czechoslovakia was formed with Prague as its capital. Bohemia, Moravia and Slovakia were part of it. In 1938 Hitler invaded the country. It was liberated by Soviet troops in May 1945. However, the communists soon seized power and the country was ruled by communists who had to obey the Soviet Union. The prime minister Alexander Dubček gradually tried to make reforms. This period of time is called the "Prague Spring". In 1968 the Soviet Union sent tanks into Prague to Wenceslas Square to restore their power.

Democracy gradually came to Prague in 1989 when the Velvet Revolution happened. In 1993 the Czech Republic and Slovakia split into two countries. Today both these countries are part of the European Union.

Since the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1990 Prague has become one of Europe's most popular tourist places. It has buildings dating from the 13th century to the present day. The castle looks very important on the hillside. Charles Bridge is now closed to traffic so that pedestrians can walk across the bridge and buy souvenirs from the stalls. There are many museums, palaces and theatres. Tourists often go to the Old Town Square in the centre of Prague. There are lots of buildings there from different periods of history. The statue of Jan Hus stands high above the square. There is a famous Astronomical Clock on the wall of the Old Town Hall. There are museums dedicated to famous people including Smetana, Dvořák and Franz Kafka. The Estates Theatre is one of Europe’s oldest theaters. It was built in the 1780s and Mozart conducted the first performance of his opera "Don Giovanni" there.

Prague is on the list of World Heritage Sites.

Prague has been important in the economy of what is now the Czech Republic since the region developed industry in the 19th century. Textiles and machinery are made and exported to many countries. Food, electronics and chemicals are produced. Nearly half the people who work are women.

Prague is becoming a city where many international companies have their headquarters. Since the late 1990s, Prague has become a popular filming location for international productions and Hollywood motion pictures.

There are no ghettos in Prague.

The city contains several universities and colleges including the oldest university in Central and Eastern Europe: the Charles University, founded in 1348.

Prague has three metro lines, 20 tram lines, and buses that connect to the suburbs. There is also a funicular rail link to the top of the Petřín Hill and a chairlift at Prague Zoo. All these services have a common ticketing system.

Prague metro is one of the best in Europe for quality and speed. It has got 3 lines (A, B, and C), 65 kilometers and 61 stations.

Trains from Prague connect to major cities in neighbouring countries.

There is a modern airport, Václav Havel airport Prague, used by many airlines including Czech Airlines.

Prague has many parks and gardens, including a park for culture, sports and entertainments which is named after Julius Fučík, a resistance leader of World War II. It has three stadiums, the largest of which, Spartakiádní stadion, holds 250,000 people. They have a good Soccer team and play many sports.


Wallet

A wallet is a small flat container, mostly of leather or fabric, that a person uses to hold cash, credit cards, identification cards, etc. Most men usually keep their wallets in their pockets, while women usually keep them in larger bags called purses.

Wallets, particularly in Europe, where larger coins are prevalent, contain also a coin purse compartments. Some wallets have built-in clasps or bands to keep them closed. 

As European banknotes, such as Euros and Pounds, are typically larger than American banknotes in size, they do not fit in some smaller American wallets.

A cryptocurrency wallet is a device, program, or service that stores public and/or private keys for cryptocurrency transactions. In addition to this basic function, a cryptocurrency wallet most often also offers provides encryption and/or the use of a digital signature.


Memory card

A memory card is a form of flash memory that is used in a range of electronic devices such as a digital camera or video game console. The memory card stores data, images, music, saved games or other computer files. 

Flash memory devices like this contain no moving parts so they are not easily damaged. This means that they are ideal for use in portable devices such as MP3 players, digital cameras, mobile phones etc.

The amount of data memory cards can store depends on the "capacity" of the card. Currently (in 2017) the largest memory cards can store 1 terabyte of data. As the technology improves, larger capacity cards are expected. 

There are many different types of memory cards, for example MultiMediaCard or CompactFlash, but the majority are SD cards or MicroSD.

Computer printer

A computer printer is a piece of hardware for a computer. It allows a user to print items on paper, such as letters and pictures. Usually a printer prints under the control of a computer. Many can also work as a photocopier or with a digital camera to print directly without using a computer.

Today, the following types of printers are in regular use:

Printers are programmed using a programming language. The printer interprets the program, and the outputs the result. There are two big classes of such languages: Page description languages, and Printer Control languages. A page description language describes what a page should look like. The program in a page description language is sent to the printer, which interprets them. Printer command languages are at a lower level than Page description languages, they contain information that is specific to the printer model. 

Common programming languages for printers include:

When comparing the cost of a printer, people often talk about how expensive it is to print one page. This cost usually has three components:
Printers that are more expensive to buy will usually be less expensive in the consumables (the ink, toner, or ribbon used by the printer). Therefore, laser printers are often more expensive to buy than inkjet printers, but are not as expensive to use over a long period of time. Inkjet printers on the other hand cost more to use because the ink tanks they use are more expensive than the toner for a laser printer. 

Laser printers that can print in color are usually more expensive than those that only print in black and white. Some expensive printers can do other things such as print on both sides of the paper, automatically sort the output, or staple the pages.

Chasing Vermeer

Chasing Vermeer is a children's novel. It is about two children noticing strange coincidences relating to art. The book was written by Blue Balliett and published (printed) by Scholastic in 2003. It says many things about the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer. 

The sequel to the book is "The Wright 3".


Great Wall of China

The Great Wall of China is an ancient wall in China. The wall is made of cement, rocks, bricks, and dirt. It was finished in 1878 and it was meant to protect the north of the empire of China from enemy attacks. It is the longest structure humans have ever built. It is about 21,196 kilometers long, wide and 20 metres high. The earlier sections on the wall are made of compacted dirt and stone. Later in the Ming Dynasty they used bricks. There are 7,000 watch towers, block houses for soldiers and beacons to send smoke signals.

Nineteen walls have been built that were called the Great Wall of China. The first was built in the 7th century BC. The most famous wall was built between 226 and 200 BC by the first Emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang (Qin Pronounced as Chin), during the Qin Dynasty. Not much of this wall remains as people have been stealing from it. It was much farther north than the current wall. The current wall was built during the Ming Dynasty.

Great Wall of Qi was started in 685 BC. The state of Qi made a fortified wall for protection against the Southern states Ju and Lu and later from the kingdom Chu.

The state of Yan built walls during the rule of King Zhao of Yan (311–279 BC).

The state of Zhao built walls during 325–299 BC, during the rule of king Wuling of Zhao.

Walls on the periphery of the Northern states Yan, Zhao, and Qin became linked together, because all those states came under the rule of emperor Qin Shi Hong, during his rule (221–206 BC).

The First Emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang also called Shi Huangdi, started the Qin Dynasty. The Xiongnu tribes in the north of China were his enemies. The land in some parts of China is easy to cross, so Qin Shi Huang started building the Great Wall to make it more difficult for the Xiongnu to invade China.

By 212 BC, the wall went from Gansu to the coast of South Manchuria.

Other dynasties in China had worked more on the wall and made it longer. The Han, Sui, Northern and Jin Dynasties all repaired, rebuilt or expanded the Great Wall. During the Ming Dynasty, major rebuilding work took place. Sections of the wall were built with bricks and stone instead of earth. It took more than 2000 years for building and completion of the Great wall.

The Great Wall of China is a series of fortifications that were built across the historical northern borders of ancient Chinese states. It is the longest structure humans have ever built. It is about 21,196 kilometers long, 9.1 metres (30 feet) wide and 15 metres high. It is made over the course of hundreds of years, the wall was built by over 6 different Chinese dynasties, and is over 2,300 years old.

The wall was built to help keep out northern invaders like the Mongols. Smaller walls had been built over the years, but the first Emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang, decided that he wanted a single giant wall to protect his northern borders. The most well-known sections of the wall were built by Ming Dynasty. Genghis Khan, the founder of the Mongol Empire, was the only one who breached the Great Wall of China in its

2,700-year-history.

The Great Wall was designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987. The Great Wall was declared as one of the Seven Wonders of the World in 2007.

Builders used materials that were nearby. Some parts of the wall were made of mud, straw, and twigs. Thousands of workers died from giant falling stones, exhaustion, disease, animal attacks, and starvation. Workers dying and being buried in and under the Great Wall is a myth.

Rumours about astronauts being able to see the Great Wall from the moon are scientifically not proven. The Great Wall has shown up in radar images taken from space, but scientists are sure it is not possible for astronauts to see the wall with a naked eye. One astronaut who spoke about the visibility of the Great Wall from space was Neil Armstrong. He said that on the moon, it was very clear that the wall was not visible. However, astronaut William Pogue was able to see the wall from a Low Earth Orbit distance (300–530 km height), but only with binoculars and with lots of practice.


Amazon River

The Amazon River (also called "Rio Amazonas" in Portuguese and Spanish) is the largest river in the world by the amount or volume of water it carries. It flows through the tropical forests of South America, mainly in Brazil. Its headwaters are in the Andes Mountains in Peru, on the western edge of South America and flows eastward into the Atlantic Ocean near the equator.

The Amazon River moves more water than the next eight largest rivers of the world combined and has the largest drainage basin in the world. It accounts for about one fifth of the world's total river flow. During the wet season, parts of the Amazon exceed in width. Because of its size, it is sometimes called "The Sea", but it is not the world's "longest" river system. The world's longest river is the Nile River, with the Amazon being second-longest.

All the main tributaries to the Amazon River have their own names. They start in the mountains (Andes) as clear water with high oxygen content, and connect with the other rivers as they all flow towards the mouth of the Amazon.

The water of the Amazon ends up full of mud. This is especially true of its Rio Negro tributary). In the nutritious mud live a huge number of insects, small crustacea, parasites. On these small fry live predators, birds, fish and life generally. The mud is what causes this huge array of life. The mud has nutrients, and on this the flies and fish all the other animals depend.

It is one of the longest rivers in the world. There have been different studies that have tried to measure its exact length. As the studies have come up with different numbers, it is therefore difficult to give an exact number. The length also changes in the rainy season. Several studies from Brazil, Spain and Chile say it is the longest river in the world, longer than the Nile. The Nile has a length of . The Amazon may have a length of . The Spanish daily newspaper El País gives its length at . In 2007, scientists from Peru and Brazil calculated a length of .

A study done in 1969 says that the Amazon has a length of . This was measured from a part of the River Apurimac. Until the 1970s, it was thought that the Marañón River was the source of the Amazon. In 2001, an expedition found that Nevado Mismi was in fact the source of the Amazon. Another document of the Geographic society of Lima gives the length of the Amazon at over .

The source of the Amazon is in the Andes Mountains of western South America. It flows east from there to the Atlantic Ocean. Most of the huge river and its many tributaries are in the country of Brazil. There are many places on the Amazon where a person on one side of the river cannot see the other side. The Brazilians call the Amazon the "River Sea." The Amazon is navigable from the ocean to Peru. Ocean ships can travel on the Amazon all the way across Brazil, and most of South America, to the city of Iquitos in Peru.

One characteristic of the Amazon river is the "Brazo Casiquiare", a water connection to the Orinoco river into Venezuela, that connects the two basins.

The estuary of the Amazon is about wide. The width of the mouth of the river is usually measured from Cabo do Norte to Punto Patijoca. Generally, the outlet of the Para River is included. It is wide, and forms the estuary of the Tocantins. The estuary also includes the island of Marajó, which lies in the mouth of the Amazon. This means that the Amazon is wider at its mouth than the entire length of the Thames river in England.

Along the coastline, near Cabo do Norte, there are many islands partially covered with water. There are also sandbanks. The tides of the Atlantic generate a wave that reaches into the Amazon river. This wave goes along the coast for about . The phenomenon of this wave generated by the tides is called a tidal bore. Locally it is known as "pororoca". The pororoca occurs where the water is less than deep. It starts with a loud noise, and advances at a speed of . The bore is the reason the Amazon does not have a delta. The ocean rapidly carries away the large amount of silt brought by the Amazon. This makes it impossible for a delta to grow past the shoreline. It also has a very large tide, that can reach . The place has become popular for river surfing.

The Amazon River has many uses:
"Uses" suggests that the wonders of the Earth are there for our taking. They are not. It is up to us what we do, and the Amazon has already been greatly damaged by greed and corruption. Logging its trees and changing the ecosystem to farmland is already far advanced.

There are no bridges across the entire width of the river. This is not because the river would be too wide to bridge; for most of its length, engineers could build a bridge across the river easily. For most of its course, the river flows through the Amazon Rainforest, where there are very few roads and cities. Most of the time, the crossing can be done by a ferry, so there is no need to build a bridge. The Manaus Iranduba Bridge linking the cities of Manaus and Iranduba spans the Rio Negro (a tributary of the Amazon).

The river is the main route of traffic in the region. Most cities are on the banks of the river. The biggest city on the river is Manaus, which is also the capital of the Brazilian State of Amazonas. Many native people live in the Amazon, such as the Urarina who live in Peru.

Big ocean boats can get up the river until Manaus, which is almost 1500 kilometers (900 miles) from its mouth. Smaller ocean ships of 3,000 tons and 7.9 m (26 ft) draft can reach as far as Iquitos in Peru, 3,700 km (2,300 miles) from the sea. Smaller riverboats can reach 780 km (486 mi) higher as far as Actual Point. Beyond that, small boats frequently go up to the Pogo Ode Escherichia's, just above Actual Point. 


Pyramid

A pyramid is a structure, usually made of stone, built in the shape of a pyramid. From ancient to modern times people in many different parts of the world have built such structures.

The word "pyramid" comes from the Greek word "pyramis" which meant "wheat cake." The ancient Egyptian word for them was something like "Mer". The Great Pyramid of Giza was one of the Seven Wonders of the ancient world.

The first pyramids were built in 2630 B.C. The oldest known pyramid was made for king Djoser of the third Dynasty.

In Egypt, kings and queens, called Pharaohs, were buried in the tombs of huge square-bottomed pyramids built of stone. They were usually built to be used as tombs for Pharaohs. The ancient Egyptian pyramids are very well built. Some of the pyramids still stand today.

The oldest man-made pyramid found is called the Step pyramid. It is in the Giza Necropolis in Saqqara, near Cairo, Egypt. It was built for King Djoser thousands of years ago. Later pyramids were built much larger. The largest one was the Great Pyramid of Giza. It is near Cairo. It was the tallest building in the world until the Eiffel Tower was built in Paris, in 1889. The Great Pyramid was built by the pharaoh Khufu (= Cheops) from the Ancient Egyptian Old Kingdom. Herodotus was told by his Egyptian guides that it took twenty years for a force of 100,000 slaves to build the pyramid (with another ten years to build a stone causeway that connected to a temple in the valley below).

People once thought pyramids were built by slaves. More recent evidence suggests that the workers who built the pyramids were paid and well-cared for. They were loyal to the Pharaoh. Inside the Great Pyramid, famous man-made objects have been found from ancient times. Many valuable items were buried with the dead Pharaohs, in the hope that they would take them to the afterlife. Pyramids usually had traps to stop thieves from escaping easily. Tomb thieves were punished by death if they were caught. However, by 1000 BC, many of the pyramids had been robbed of their precious treasures.

A large statue of a Sphinx stands near the pyramids at Giza. It has the body of a Lion and the head of a Pharaoh.

The ancient Greeks called the Great Pyramid one of the seven wonders of the world. There are over 100 pyramids in Egypt. Most of them are on the western side of the River Nile. Some Egyptologists have different opinions on why the ancient Egyptian Kings built pyramids as their tombs. Pyramids have been excavated for about the last 200 years.

The ancient Egyptians believed that the Egyptian pharaohs went to the stars to join their gods in the afterlife.

The Aztecs and Mayans also built many massive pyramids. None are as old or big as the oldest or biggest Egyptian pyramids. Most of them are step pyramids.

Unlike Egyptian pyramids, which were used as tombs for rulers and wealthy people, Aztec and Mayan pyramids are believed to have been used for public displays of human sacrifice.


There are also ancient pyramids in other parts of Africa, Central America, Europe, North America, and Asia. There is a famous modern glass pyramid in front of the Louvre Museum in Paris. The Luxor Hotel, in Las Vegas, Nevada is also a glass pyramid.



Care Bears

The Care Bears are a very successful toy franchise from the 1980s. Over forty million of these stuffed teddy bears, made with a variety of colours, were sold from 1983 to 1987. Each Bear had a name, a job, and a symbol tied to it. For example, Funshine Bear makes sure people have a good time, no matter what they are doing and has a sun on his stomach.

The toys were first made as characters on cards in 1981; the original artwork was done by James Lewis. Later, other toys called the Care Bear Cousins were introduced.

They also gave way to three animated movies for the cinema in the mid-1980s. A related TV series from DIC and, later, Canada's Nelvana Limited came out at almost that same time.

Recently, Care Bear toys have been brought back in a new edition for the twenty-first century. As part of this comeback, the Bears have appeared in their first two DVD movies (both computer-animated), as well as a few video games.




Bolzano

Bolzano (; ; , Southern Bavarian: "Bozn") is the capital city of the province of Province of Bolzano-Bozen in northern Italy's Alto Adige.

Its population is 98.057 (March 2005) and the area of the municipality is 52.34 km. Bolzano has had Italian-speaking inhabitants since the Middle Ages. 

Bolzano has five city districts:

Communities next to Bozen are: Eppan, Karneid, Laives, Deutschnofen, Ritten, Jenesien, Terlan, and Vadena.

Other important towns near Bozen are: Brixen, Bruneck and Merano.



Flubber

Flubber is a 1997 American science-fiction comedy film directed by Les Mayfield (who had previously directed another John Hughes scripted remake, "Miracle on 34th Street") and written by Hughes, based on an earlier screenplay by Bill Walsh. A remake of "The Absent-Minded Professor" (1961), the film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and stars Robin Williams, Marcia Gay Harden, Christopher McDonald, Ted Levine, Raymond J. Barry, Wil Wheaton, and Clancy Brown with Madeline Kahn providing a voice. The film grossed $178 million worldwide despite negative reviews. In selected theaters, the "Pepper Ann" episode "Old Best Friend" was featured before the film.

Mary Wollstonecraft

Mary Wollstonecraft (27 April 1759 – 10 September 1797) was a British writer. She was born in Spitalfields, a daughter of a rich farmer who inherited his fortune. Her father was known because he was sometimes violent towards her, her four siblings, and their mother when his farms failed. Mary Wollstonecraft was the second oldest child in her family. She was the oldest female child. She left home at the age of nineteen to work and become independent.

Working in the English city of Bath, Somerset, she developed a disliking for the upper class and their social lives. In 1784 she experienced the near death of her sister Eliza who was also the victim of abuse at the hands of her husband. She escaped with her sister to London to preserve her life. Soon after, her good friend Fanny Blood, died of complications in childbirth. Wollstonecraft suffered depression following this and being in financial straits, she began to write her first book "Thoughts on the Education of Daughters". Then she wrote "".

Wollstonecraft was not only a writer, she was an early feminist and social campaigner. She wrote a children's book as well as her two most famous books "A Vindication of the Rights of Man" (1790), a response to the French Revolution, and "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman" (1792) which argued that women should have the same rights and education as men. She called for equal education for boys and girls, believing that education gives the tools necessary to compete with men in public and economic life.

She followed writers such as Catherine Macaulay who wrote "Letters on Education" in 1790, Thomas Paine, and John Locke. One of her most well-known books was "An Historical and Moral View of the Origin and Progress of the French Revolution (1794). She also wrote "The Wrongs of Women", a novel telling of the confines and illusion of marriage and child rearing as the only happiness for women. She was revolutionary in arguing for education and the need for autonomy for women.

Wollstonecraft travelled to Paris in 1792 to take notes on the Revolution. While in Paris, she fell in love with Gilbert Imlay, an American who she later followed to London. She tried to commit suicide when their relationship ended but was rescued from the Thames. She wrote a book titled "Letters Written During a Short Residence in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark" (1796) from a series of letters written to Imlay, to support their daughter Fanny Imlay, born in 1794. In the same year, Wollstonecraft met an old acquaintance and philosopher, William Godwin. They later married.

Wollstonecraft gave birth to their daughter on 30 August 1797. They named her Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin. The child later became wife of Percy Shelley. Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin became Mary Shelley, the author of "Frankenstein".

Wollstonecraft died of complications after labour due to a blood clot. Mary Wollstonecraft died of sepsis in London after her birth and suffered a similar fate as her best friend Fanny Blood whose death inspired her fight for women's rights and her first book.

Her husband William Godwin published "Memoirs of the Author of "A vindication of the Rights of Women"" in memory of her in 1798. 

Isle of Wight

The Isle of Wight is an island county that is just off the south coast of England. It is about 40 kilometres (25 miles) by 20 kilometres (13 miles) in size. About one hundred and twenty thousand people live on the island.

The Isle of Wight is a county. This means that it has a council of people who make decisions about some things that affect the people who live there. Until 1890 it was part of the administrative county of Hampshire. The county town of the island, which is the place where the council work, is "Newport".

Many people like to go on holiday on the island. There are many hotels and tourist attractions. Queen Victoria often visited the Isle of Wight where she owned a large mansion called Osborne House. Tourism is the most important industry on the island.

Over half of the island is officially designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. It is widely recognised as the most important site in Europe for finding dinosaur remains, and is a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve.

From 2024 health services on the island will be delivered by the newly formed ‘Hampshire and Isle of Wight Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust’, made by joining the Solent NHS Trust, Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust and Isle of Wight Trust.

Socks (disambiguation)

Sock or socks could mean:


Alzheimer's disease

Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is a brain disease that slowly destroys brain cells. As of now, there is no cure for Alzheimer's disease. With time, the different symptoms of the disease become more marked. Many people die because of Alzheimer's disease. The disease affects different parts of the brain but has its worst effects on the areas of the brain that control memory, language, and thinking skills. Alzheimer's Disease is the most common form of senile dementia accounting for up to 70% of cases.

The clinical symptoms of AD usually occurs after age 65, but changes in the brain which do not cause symptoms and are caused by Alzheimer's, may begin years or in some cases decades before. Although the symptoms of AD begin in older people it is not a normal part of aging.

At this time there is no cure for Alzheimer's, but there are treatments that can help some patients with the signs and symptoms so they do not affect them as badly. There are also treatments which slow down the disease so the damage to the brain does not happen as quickly. There are also certain personal habits that people can learn which may help to delay the onset of the disease.

While it is not yet known exactly what causes Alzheimer's disease, there are a number of risk factors which may make a person more likely to get it. Some of these risk factors are genetic; changes to four different genes have been found which increase the risk.

The current lifetime risk for a 65-year-old person to get Alzheimer's disease is estimated to be at 10.5%. It is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States causing about 83,500 deaths a year. In 2007, there were over 26.6 million people throughout the world who were affected by AD.

Alzheimer's disease was named after Alois Alzheimer, a German psychiatrist and neuropathologist who first described the disease after studying the case of a middle-aged woman, Auguste Deter, who was a patient at a hospital in Frankfurt, Germany in 1906. The disease was named "Alzheimer's disease" in 1910 by Dr. Emil Kraepilin a co-worker of Alzheimer.

Two of the main features found in the brains of people with of Alzheimer's disease, are "neurobrillary tangles" ('tangles' for short), which are made up of a "protein" called "tau", and "senile plaques" (which are made mostly from another protein called "beta-amyloid", they are also sometimes called "beta-amyloid bundles" or 'bundles' for short). The tau proteins that form the tangles previously held together a structure inside the neurons called a "microtubule" which is an important part of the neuron; it forms part of the "cytoskeleton" (cell skeleton) which is what maintains a cell's shape, and microtubules plays a part in cell communication.

Both tangles and plaques may be caused by other diseases, such as Herpes simplex virus Type 1 which is being investigated as a possible cause or contributor in developing Alzheimer's. It is not known for sure if tangles and plaques are part of what causes Alzheimer's, or if they are the results.

Microtubules
Microtubules are made of a protein called "tubulin". The tubulin is "polymerized", which is when molecules form the same shapes over and over again that are linked together in groups, and these groups are linked together. They can form long chains or other shapes; in this case the polymerized tubulin forms microtubules. The microtubules are rigid tubes like microscopic straws which are hollow inside. Microtubules help keep the shape of the neuron, and are inolved in passing signals through the neuron.

Tau
Tau is a protein that is found mostly in the neurons of the central nervous system. They help hold together the "microtubules" within the neurons. and when changes happen in the way the tau proteins are supposed to work the microtubules break apart. The tau proteins which are no longer holding the microtubules together form strands called "fibrils", which then clump together inside the neuron to make what are called neurofibrillary tangles . These clumps, also known as 'tau tangles', are all that remain after a neuron has died. 

Beta-amyloid 
Beta-amyloid(Aβ) (also called 'amyloid beta') plaques start with a protein called amyloid precursor protein (APP). APP is one of the proteins that make up a cell's membrane or outer covering, that protects the cell. In this case a neuron.. As it is made inside the cell, APP sticks out through the membrane of the cell.

In different parts of the of cell including the outermost part of the cell membrane, chemicals called enzymes snip the APP into small pieces. These enzymes that do the snipping are alpha-secretase, beta-secretase, and gamma-secretase. Depending on which enzyme is doing the snipping and what parts of the APP are snipped, two different things can happen. One that is helpful and one that causes the formation of beta-amyloid plaques.

The plaques are formed when beta-secretase snips the APP molecule at one end of the beta-amyloid peptide, releasing sAPPβ from the cell. Gamma-secretase then cuts the pieces of APP that is left and, still sticking out of the neuron’s membrane, at the other end of the beta-amyloid peptide. After this snipping the beta-amyloid peptide is released into the space outside the neuron and begins to stick to other beta-amyloid peptides. These pieces stick together to form "oligomers". Different oligomers of various sizes are now floating around in the spaces between the neurons, which may be responsible for reacting with receptors on neighboring cells and synapses, affecting their ability to function.

Some of these oligomers are cleared from the brain. Those that are not cleared out clump together with more pieces of beta-amyloid. As more pieces clump togther the oligomers get bigger larger, and the next size up are called "protofibrils" and the next size after that are called fibrils. After a while, these fibrils clump together with other protein molecules, neurons and non-nerve cells floating around in the space between the cells and form what are called plaques.

Cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA)

Deposits of beta-amyloid also form in the walls (in the "tunica media", the middle layer, and "tunica adventitia" or "tunica externa", the outer layer) of small and mid-sized arteries (and sometimes veins) in the cerebral cortex and the "leptomeninges" (the "leptomeninges" are the two inner layers - pia mater and arachnoid - of the "meninges", a protective 3-layer membrane covering the brain.)

CAA is found in 30% of people over the age of 60 years who do not have any dementia but is found in 90%-96% of people with Alzheimer disease and is severe in one third to two thirds of these cases.

The first area of the brain to be affected by Alzheimer's is the "transentorhinal region" which is part of the "medial temporal lobe" located deep within the brain. Neurons start dying in this area first. It then spreads into the adjacent entorhinal cortex (EC) which acts as a central hub, for a widespread network that handles signals for memory and movement(like a main train station with train tracks going to different areas). 

The EC is the main area for communication between the hippocampus, and the neocortex - which is the outer portion of the brain responsible for higher functioning such as how the brain perceives information from the five senses; (smell, sight, taste, touch and hearing; Ex. seeing a person's face and recognizing them,) generating motor commands (Ex, moving and arm or leg, walking, running) spatial reasoning, conscious thought and language.

The disease then spreads into the hippocampus which is part of the limbic system. The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is involved in forming new memories, organizing them, and storing them for later recall. It is also where emotions and senses, such as smell and sound are attached to specific memories. Example 1.: A memory might make you happy or sad. Example 2.: A smell might bring up a certain memory.

The hippocampus then sends memories to the different parts of the cerebral hemisphere where they are placed in long-term storage and it helps retrieve them when necessary. Example: An adult trying to remember the name of a classmate from kindergarten.

In addition to handling memory the hippocampus is also involved in emotional responses, navigation (getting around) and spatial orientation (knowing your sense of place as you move around Example: Knowing your way around your bedroom even with the lights off).

There are actually two parts of the hippocampus which is shaped like a horseshoe with one in the left part of the brain and the other in the right part of the brain.

Preclinical
With current research using advances in neuroimaging such as FDG-PET and PIB-PET scans, and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) assays, it is now possible to detect the beginning processes of Alzheimer's disease that occur before symptoms begin. The research suggests that clinically normal older people (no symptoms at all) have "biomarker" evidence of amyloid beta (Aβ) build-up in the brain. This amyloid beta (Aβ) is linked to changes in the structure of the brain and how it works that is the similar to what is seen in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) - which may lead to Alzheimer's - and people with Alzheimer's.

These small preclinical changes (no symptoms) in the brain may occur many years, to even a few decades before a person is diagnosed with Alzheimer's. With a stage where there is some memory loss, or mild cognitive impairment. These changes put a person at risk of developing the clinical symptoms of full-blown Alzheimer's but not everyone who has these changes will get the disease. Even though there is no cure for Alzheimer's, there are new treatments which are being developed which would work better in the very first stages of the disease.

At this time exactly what makes up the preclinical phase of Alzheimer's is still being researched, such as why some people with go on to develop Alzheimer's and others do not. So the term "preclinical phase" is being used for research only. There is a worldwide effort in various countries doing research in this area known as the World Wide Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (WW-ADNI) which is the umbrella organization for neuroimaging studies being carried out through the North American ADNI, European ADNI (E-ADNI), Japan ADNI, Australian ADNI (AIBL), Taiwan ADNI, Korea ADNI, China ADNI and Argentina ADNI.

Beginning stages

"Misdiagnosis in very early stages of Alzheimer's is a significant problem, as there are more than 100 conditions that can mimic the disease. In people with mild memory complaints, our accuracy is barely better than chance," according to study researcher P. Murali Doraiswamy, MBBS, professor of psychiatry and medicine at Duke Medicine, "Given that the definitive gold standard for diagnosing Alzheimer's is autopsy, we need a better way to look into the brain."

In 1901, a 51-year-old woman named Auguste Deter, was committed to the City Asylum for the Insane and Epileptic, ("Städtischen Anstalt für Irre und Epileptische") in Frankfurt am Main, Germany which had the nickname "Irrenschloss" (Castle of the Insane). She was married and had a normal life until eight months prior to her commitment, when she started having psychological and neurological problems, such as problems with memory and language, paranoia, becoming disorientated and having hallucinations.

She was studied by a doctor on staff named Alois Alzheimer (1864–1915). Alzheimer became interested in her case because of her age; while the effects of senile dementia were known at the time, they usually did not start until a person was in their early to mid-sixties. Her case was also notable because of the rapid onset of dementia, only eight months, from the first reported symptoms, until she was committed.

While conducting one of his examinations of Ms. Deter, he asked her to perform a series of simple writing tasks. Unable to do what was asked such as write her name, she said "I have lost myself, so to speak" (""Ich habe mich sozusagen selbst verloren"").

Alzheimer left the hospital in Franfkurt in 1902 to begin working with Emil Kraepelin at the Psychiatric University Hospital in Heidelberg-Bergheim, and in 1903 both he and Kraepelin began working at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich.

When Ms. Deter died of septicemia on 8 April 1906, Alzheimer was informed and her brain was sent to Munich for him to study. Studying samples of her brain under a microscope he noticed neurofibriallry tangles and bundles made up of beta-amyloid plaque, which are two of the main features of the disease. On 3 November 1906, Alzheimer presented the results of his findings in Auguste's case at the Conference of South-West German Psychiatrists in Tübingen, and he published his findings in the case in 1907.

In 1910, Emil Kraepelin named the disease 'Alzheimer's disease'. Alzheimer's disease usually beigins affecting people between ages 60–65, in Ms. Deter's case - who was 55-years-old when she died - she had a form of what is now known as "Early-onset Alzhiemer's disease".

Anyone can get Alzheimer's disease, rich people or poor famous people and unfamous people. Some of the famous people who have gotten Alzheimer's disease are former United States President Ronald Reagan and Irish writer Iris Murdoch, both of whom were the subjects of scientific articles examining how their cognitive capacities got worse with the disease.

Other cases include the retired footballer Ferenc Puskás, the former Prime Ministers Harold Wilson (United Kingdom) and Adolfo Suárez (Spain), the actress Rita Hayworth, the Nobel Prize-winner Raymond Davis, Jr., the actors Charlton Heston and Gene Wilder, the novelist Terry Pratchett, politician and activist Sargent Shriver, the Blues musician B.B. King, director Jacques Rivette, Indian politician George Fernandes,
and the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics recipient Charles K. Kao. In 2012, Nobel Prize writer Gabriel García Márquez was diagnosed with the disease. Former Finnish President Mauno Koivisto died of the disease in May 2017. Country singer Glen Campbell died of the disease in August 2017.


Elaine Paige

Elaine Paige OBE (born Elaine Jill Bickerstaff, 5 March 1948) is an English actress and singer. She was born and raised in Barnet, Hertfordshire. She is known for her roles in musical theater.
She worked in the theatre from a young age. She quickly became famous in the role of Eva Perón in the musical "Evita" in 1978. She studied acting at the Aida Foster stage school in London and then played roles in the British tour of the show "The Roar of the Greasepaint, the Smell of the Crowd" and the first London production of "Hair". She played Sandy in the London production of "Grease" and appeared as one of Michael Crawford's girlfriends in "Billy". She has since said she was about to leave the world of acting, possibly to become a teacher, but then the role in "Evita" was offered to her.

After "Evita", she did not have any work for a period. She thought that her musical career had seen its best. When the actress Judi Dench had an injury during rehearsals for "Cats", the producers asked Paige play the role in stead of Dench. They stated that the role "was not another "Evita"" and that her role only had one and a half songs. Fortunately, the song was "Memory", which was a top 10 hit for Paige and has become her signature song.

After "Cats", she appeared in "Abbacadbra", an ABBA compilation, and "Chess", also written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus of ABBA but with lyrics by Tim Rice, co-writer of "Evita". Paige then scored a number 1 single, "I Know Him So Well", a song from "Chess", as a duet with Barbara Dickson.

In 1989, she co-produced and starred in a production of Cole Porter's "Anything Goes" in London, which made a star of John Barrowman. In the early 1990s, her relationship with the lyricist Tim Rice stopped and Paige tried an image change by recording an album with a California-based producer in the Bette Midler style entitled "Love Can Do That". Her solo albums had so far been a variety of songs, including the very successful "Stages" in 1983, with songs from musical theatre. In 1993, she returned to the United States to work with Peter Matz on an album called "Romance and the Stage" featuring songs from earlier days of musical theatre. The following year, she recorded, "Piaf", which had music from the role she was playing in the Pam Gems play, also called "Piaf". Critics were impressed by her acting skills in that play. 

However, in 1995 she had a role in another musical, playing Norma Desmond in Andrew Lloyd Webber's "Sunset Boulevard". She had always wanted to perform on Broadway and "Sunset Boulevard" now made this possible. For more than a year she played the role. She later had another role in 2000 with the "King and I". She has recently moved more into television and radio work.

Paige was awarded an OBE in 1995. Now she is hosting a Sunday afternoon BBC Radio 2 show which plays music from the stage and film.


Marti Webb

Marti Webb is a British actress and singer born in London in 1944.

She has notably played roles in musical theatre including "Evita", "Cats", "Godspell", "The King and I", "Annie", "Thoroughly Modern Millie", "The Goodbye Girl" and "Song and Dance".

She first came to prominence with the song cycle "Tell Me on a Sunday" which was written for her by Don Black and Andrew Lloyd Webber. Webb recently returned to the show after it was revamped for Denise Van Outen in the West End before she took it on a UK tour.

Yahtzee

Yahtzee is a popular dice game that is well-known all over the world. The object of the game is to roll five dice (up to three times) to create certain combinations such as:


Most of these combinations come from poker.

Tim Rice

Sir Timothy Miles Bindon "Tim" Rice (born 10 November 1944) is an English songwriter and writer. He was born in 1944. Rice is probably best known for his work with Andrew Lloyd Webber on the shows "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", "Jesus Christ Superstar", and "Evita". He also co-wrote the shows "Blondel", "Chess" and the English lyrics for "Starmania".

He had a long-term relationship in the 1980s with the actress Elaine Paige.

In 2018, Rice became one of fifteen people to win an Oscar, Grammy, Tony and Emmy Award.

Evita (musical)

Evita is a musical. The lyrics were written by Tim Rice. The music was composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The musical is based on the life of Eva Perón (1919-1952), the wife of Argentinian President Juan Perón, which Che is telling.

"Evita" opened on the West End in 1978, and on Broadway in 1979. It won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical and the Tony Award for Best Musical. In 1996, a movie version was released starring Madonna.

Sunset Boulevard (movie)

Sunset Boulevard is a 1950 American black comedy film noir movie about a screenwriter (William Holden) accompanying a retired Hollywood silent movie actress (Gloria Swanson) who wants to return to acting in movies. It was nominated for eleven Academy Awards and won three. For Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical theater, it starred Patti LuPone, Glenn Close, Betty Buckley and Elaine Paige.


1785

1785 was a common year.




Molière

Molière (1622 – 17 February 1673) was a French actor, director and writer. His real name was Jean-Baptiste Poquelin, Molière was his stage name. He wrote some of the most important comedies in human history.

He was born in Paris where his father owned a carpet shop. As a young person, Molière decided to live an artist's life. At the age of 21, he founded a theatre company that soon went bankrupt. From 1645 to 1658, he toured France with some of his friends.

Later, King Louis XIV made Molière responsible for the entertainment at the court of Versailles near Paris. Molière was happy to have the king among his friends, because he had many enemies, especially important people in the Roman Catholic church. Molière's comedies deal with human weaknesses: jealousy, meanness, hypocrisy, fear of death. By putting his characters in ridiculous situations, Molière wants to entertain and educate his audience.

One of his most important plays is "Tartuffe", showing a bigoted man stealing his way into a rich family. Molière's last play was "Le Malade Imaginaire", called in English "The Hypochondriac". As in many of his comedies, Molière played the main role. He died due to pulmonary tuberculosis on stage during the fourth performance. Because of his problems with the church, he was not allowed to be buried in a church cemetery.


Principality of Sealand

The Principality of Sealand is an unrecognized micronation that claims HM Fort Roughs (also known as Roughs Tower) as its territory. Roughs Tower is an offshore platform in the North Sea around off the coast of Suffolk. Roughs Tower was used as a sea fort in international waters during World War II. Since 1987, the tower has been occupied by the family and associates of Paddy Roy Bates, a former British Army major. Bates took the tower from pirate radio broadcasters in 1967. Sealand was invaded by mercenaries in 1978. Sealand was able to defeat the attack. The platform has been in British territory since 1987, when the United Kingdom made its territorial waters larger.

In 1943, during World War II, HM Fort Roughs (sometimes called Roughs Tower) was built by the United Kingdom as one of the Maunsell Forts. Its main goal was to protect the nearby shipping lanes from German mine-laying vehicles. It held 150–300 Royal Navy personnel throughout World War II. The last time it was used by the Royal Navy was in 1956.

Roughs Tower was used in February and August 1965 by Jack Moore and his daughter Jane. They used it as a base for Wonderful Radio London. 

Major Paddy Roy Bates took the fort on 2 September 1967 to use it for his own pirate radio station (Radio Essex). However, he never starting broadcasting. Instead, he declared the independence Roughs Tower as the Principality of Sealand.

In 1968, British workmen entered the claimed territorial waters of the Principality of Sealand to fix a buoy near the platform. Michael Bates (son of Patty Roy Bates) tried to scare the workmen off by firing warning shots from the platform. As Bates was a British subject at the time, he was called to court on firearm charges after the incident. However, the court said that the platform was outside of British waters and the case could not continue.

In 1975, Bates introduced a constitution for Sealand, followed by a national flag, a national anthem, a currency and passports.

In August 1978, Alexander Achenbach, who said he was the prime minister of Sealand, hired many Dutch and German mercenaries to attack Sealand while Bates and his wife were in Austria. They took the platform and took Bates' son Michael hostage. Michael was able to escape and take back Roughs Tower using weapons stored on the platform. Achenbach was charged with treason. He was held there unless he paid DM 75,000 (more than US$35,000 or £23,000). Germany sent a diplomat from its London embassy to Sealand to negotiate for Achenbach's release. He was released after many weeks of negotiation. Roy Bates claimed that the diplomat's visit meant that Germany had "de facto" recognized Sealand.

On the afternoon of 23 June 2006, the top platform of Roughs Tower caught fire because of an electrical fault. A Royal Air Force helicopter took one person to Ipswich Hospital. The Harwich lifeboat stayed nearby Roughs Tower until a local fire tug extinguished the fire. All damage was repaired by November 2006.

In January 2007, The Pirate Bay, an online media index founded by the Swedish think tank Piratbyrån, tried to buy Sealand after harsher copyright laws forced them to look for a new headquarters. Between 2007 and 2010, Sealand was offered for sale through the Spanish estate company ImmoNaranja at a price of €750 million (£600 million, US$906 million).

Roy Bates died at the age of 91 on 9 October 2012. He had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease for many years. He was succeeded by his son Michael. Michael Bates lives in Suffolk, where he and his sons run a family fishing business called Fruits of the Sea. Joan Bates, Roy Bates's wife, died in an Essex nursing home at the age of 86 on 10 March 2016.

In 1987, the UK increased its territorial waters from . Sealand is now in British territorial waters.

Sealand is ruled by the Bates family as its royal family. Roy Bates called himself "Prince Roy" and his wife "Princess Joan".

At a micronations conference hosted by the University of Sunderland in 2004, Sealand was represented by Michael Bates's son James. The facility is now occupied by one or more caretakers representing Michael Bates, who lives in Essex.

Sealand holds the Guinness World Record for "the smallest area to lay claim to nation status".

The Sealand National Football Association is an associate member of the Nouvelle Fédération-Board. The Nouvelle Fédération-Board is a governing body for football for non-recognised states and states that are not members of FIFA. It administers the Sealand national football team. In 2004 the national team played its first international game against Åland Islands national football team, drawing 2–2.

In 2004, mountaineer Slader Oviatt carried the Sealandic flag to the top of Muztagh Ata. Also in 2007, Michael Martelle represented the Principality of Sealand in the World Cup of Kung Fu, held in Quebec City, Canada. Martelle won two silver medals, becoming the first-ever Sealand athlete to be on a world championship podium.

In 2008, Sealand hosted a skateboarding event with Church and East sponsored by Red Bull.

In 2009, Sealand announced the revival of the Sealand Football Association and their plan to compete in a future Viva World Cup. Scottish writer Neil Forsyth was made President of the Association. Sealand played the second game in their history against Chagos Islands on 5 May 2012, losing 3–1. The team included actor Ralf Little and former Bolton Wanderers defender Simon Charlton.

In 2009 and 2010, Sealand sent teams to play in many ultimate frisbee club tournaments in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the Netherlands. They came 11th at UK nationals in 2010.

On 22 May 2013, the mountaineer Kenton Cool placed a Sealand flag at the summit of Mount Everest.

In 2015, the runner Simon Messenger ran a half-marathon on Sealand as part of his "round the world in 80 runs" challenge.

In August 2018, competitive swimmer Richard Royal became the first person to swim the from Sealand to the mainland, finishing in 3 hrs 29 mins. Royal visited the platform before the swim, getting his passport stamped. He went into the water from the bosun's chair, signaling the start of the swim, and finished on Felixstowe beach. Royal was awarded a Sealand Knighthood by Michael Bates.

An American football team called the Sealand Seahawks was formed in 2021, announcing a game in Ireland against the South Dublin Panthers on 19 February 2022. The Seahawks won the game 42–13.


Sticky note

A sticky note (or Post-it note) is a small piece of paper with a strip of glue along one edge that make it "sticky," so you can stick it to things. It was invented by Arthur Fry.

The most common sticky note is the Post-it, which is made by a company called 3M. In 1974 a man named Arthur Fry came up with the idea for the sticky note. He used a glue that was originally too weak to be used for anything else, so the notes would come off easy. 3M started to sell Post-Its in 1980.

In 2001, the patent for the glue that 3M uses on Post-it notes expired, so many other companies now make similar sticky notes.


Becker (TV series)

Becker was a 1998 American television series. It was a sitcom on the CBS network. It starred Ted Danson as Dr. John Becker, a very grumpy family doctor who is unhappy with his life in The Bronx, New York. Becker became famous for his witty responses and constant negative outlook on all situations. The show aired on Wednesdays, and was cancelled in January 2004.

For the first four seasons, the main characters were:


Becker, a Harvard Medical School graduate, runs a neighborhood medical practice. He is easily annoyed by things, and is a very angry person. He has been married and divorced twice.


Becker's office manager, and one of the few people who can not get annoyed by Becker and his ways. Margaret is a motherly-like figure to Becker and Linda. She is married.


A muddle-headed girl whose surname is never revealed. She works at the doctor's office to establish independence from her wealthy parents.


The owner and worker of a diner she inherited from her late father. Reggie is a former model and is unhappy being stuck running a diner.


Becker's best friend. Jake also works at the diner selling newspapers and miscellaneous items such as candy, magazines, cigarettes, gum, etc. Jake is blind following a car accident several years before.


Bob loiters at the diner and is Italian. He is an old high school classmate of Reggie's who is short, annoying, and refers to himself in the third person.

Ted Danson

Edward Bridge "Ted" Danson III (born December 29, 1947) is an American actor and producer. Danson was born in San Diego, California and raised in Flagstaff, Arizona. He is best known from his work on television. His roles include:


Ted Danson was nominated for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series in 2018, 2019 and 2020 for playing Michael on "The Good Place". "The Good Place" won a Peabody Award in 2019.

Digital camera

A digital camera is a camera that stores pictures in electronic memory instead of film. Because of this, a digital camera can hold many more pictures than a traditional film camera. A digital camera can sometimes hold hundreds or thousands of pictures. Many use a memory card to store them. Most digital cameras can use a USB cable that connects into a computer to send pictures that are in the camera to the computer.

Digital photography is a kind of photography where a digital camera is used to take photos. Digital cameras use an image sensor instead of photographic film. Very often, they also use a memory card to store the photos in a digital format. Most photography is digital, though some photographers still use the old film cameras. 

The majority of cameras are part of a mobile phone, called a "camera phone". They can send their pictures to other phones and other devices. Most camera phones do not make as good pictures as larger separate cameras do, especially where light is not bright.

Most digital cameras can serve as Video cameras. Some have a direct link to another computer where the data may be stored.

When you take a picture or a video, it is saved on a memory device. The memory device can be internal - flash memory inside the camera, or external - memory cards, microdrives and so on. The most used method for saving pictures and videos from a camera is a SD card.

The picture can be saved in a compressed file (JPEG, TIFF) or in an uncompressed, proprietary RAW file. The compressed picture is lower quality but the RAW picture has to be processed with a special computer program.

A video is usually saved as an AVI, MPEG or MOV file format (it depends on the producer of the camera).

Most modern cameras also put Exif information in the picture file. This metadata information usually includes the date of taking the picture, the camera type, and its settings. Some cameras include GPS coordinates.

Cheers

Cheers is a long-running American sitcom made by Charles-Burrows-Charles Productions in association with Paramount Television for NBC. The show premiered on September 30, 1982 and had its widely watched series finale on May 20, 1993, followed by a long and ongoing run in syndication. In eleven seasons, there were 270 episodes.



"Cheers" was set in a Boston bar. This bar was where a group of friends would come to sit, drink alcohol, complain, and make practical jokes on a rival bar in town.

The show's main theme in its early seasons was the romance between Diane Chambers (Shelley Long) and ex-baseball pitcher and bar owner Sam Malone (Ted Danson). Long's departure from the show in 1987 shifted the emphasis to Sam's relationship with a new character, Rebecca Howe (Kirstie Alley). Diane returned for the finale.

The show also created the character Frasier Crane. Frasier got his own show ("Frasier") the season after "Cheers" ended. Frasier's love interest Lilith Sternin appeared on both shows but Frasier and Lilith were no longer married in "Frasier".

The producers, not wanting the show to be construed as promoting drinking, had Sam's character written as an ex-alcoholic. Most of the early episodes took place entirely within the confines of the bar. When the series became popular, some scenes were outside the bar.

The outer shots of the bar were actually the Bull and Finch pub, north of Boston Common, which has become a tourist attraction because of its association with the series. It is said to be the bar that the series creators saw and wanted to model the bar in their show after. It has now been renamed Cheers on Beacon Hill, though its interior is quite different from the TV bar.

It was nearly cancelled during its first season (in which it ranked dead last among 63 shows). But it eventually became one of the most popular shows on TV because it had a top-ten rating during seven of its eleven seasons. The show earned 26 Emmy Awards out of a total of 111 nominations.
In June 1993, the series was canceled after 11 seasons. A spin-off, "Frasier", premiered in September 1993.

Jackie Chan Adventures

Jackie Chan Adventures is an American of The Walt Disney Company animated television series. Episodes were first broadcast on the WB television network, and later syndicated on other networks such as the Cartoon Network. It features fictionalized Jackie Chan and his niece Jade on their adventures trying to stop evil.

Stapler

A stapler is an office tool that is used to place thin items such as paper together. It uses a small piece of wire (a staple) to put them together. The ends of the staple are pointed and go into the paper. There is also a chain of stores called "Staples", which sell office supplies.

When you press the stapler down, it will release a staple. The staple is pressed into the paper, and then bent. That way the pieces of paper get stuck together. 

Pixar

Pixar Animation Studios () or simply Pixar, is an American animation studio. It is known for its advanced CGI productions. It has been a partner of Disney for many years. In 2006, Disney bought the company. The company’s studio lot is located in Emeryville, California.

Pixar started as a division of George Lucas' Lucasfilm in early 1979. In 1986, Apple Inc. founder Steve Jobs bought it for $10 million. He worked as a chairman and CEO until 2011.

The company has made a total of 28 movies and short films based on the characters, starting with "Toy Story" which was released on November 22, 1995, "Toy Story 2" was premiered in 1999 and "Toy Story 3" was made in 2010. The fourth film of the franchise is "Toy Story 4" which released in 2019. The "Toy Story" franchise has globally become the highest-grossing animated films of all time and has also released several short films and several television series.

Finding Nemo

Finding Nemo is a 2003 American computer-animated comedy adventure movie written and directed by Andrew Stanton, released by Walt Disney Pictures, and the fifth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It tells the story of the over-protective clownfish named Marlin (Albert Brooks) who searches for his captured son Nemo (Alexander Gould), along with a regal blue tang named Dory (Ellen DeGeneres) in Sydney Harbour. Along the way, Marlin learns to take risks and let Nemo take care of himself. It is Pixar's first film to be released in cinemas in the northern hemisphere summer. The film was re-released for the first time in 3D on September 14, 2012, and it was released on Blu-ray on December 4, 2012. A sequel, "Finding Dory", was released on January 12, 2016.

The film received extremely positive reviews and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. It was the second highest-grossing film of the year, earning a total of $921 million worldwide. "Finding Nemo" is also the best-selling DVD of all time, with over 40 million copies sold as of 2011, and was the highest money making G-rated film of all time before "" overtook it. It is also the 22nd highest money making film of all time, as well as the 3rd highest money making animated film. In 2008, the American Film Institute named it the tenth greatest animated film ever made during their Top 10.

The movie itself is dedicated to the memory of Glenn McQueen, who died in 2002, before the movie was released.

Two clownfish, Marlin and his wife Coral are admiring their new home in the Great Barrier Reef and their clutch of eggs that are due to hatch in a few days. Suddenly, a barracuda attacks them, and Marlin tries to defend and save his eggs, leaving Marlin unconscious. Coral and all but one of their eggs are also eaten. Marlin names this egg Nemo, a name that Coral liked.

The movie next shows Nemo's first day of school. Nemo has a tiny right fin, because his egg was injured by the barracuda attack. This makes it difficult for him to swim. After Marlin embarrasses Nemo during a school field trip by mistake, Nemo refuses and sneaks away from the reef towards a boat. So he gets captured by scuba divers. As the boat sails away, one of the divers accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water.

While trying to save Nemo, Marlin meets Dory, a good-hearted and optimistic Regal blue tang with short-term memory loss. While meeting three sharks on a fish-free diet, Bruce, a great white shark; Anchor, a hammerhead shark; and Chum, a mako shark, Marlin discovers the diver's mask that was dropped from the boat and notices an address written on it. However, when he angrily argues with Dory and accidentally gives her a nosebleed, the scent of blood causes Bruce to lose control of himself and attempt to eat Marlin and Dory. The two escape from Bruce but the mask falls into a trench in the deep sea. During a hazardous struggle with an anglerfish in the trench, Dory realizes she is able to read the address written on the mask, which leads to Sydney, Australia, and manages to remember it. She repeats " P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way Sydney" to keep it in her memory. After receiving directions to Sydney from a large school of Silver moony, Marlin and Dory accidentally run into a bloom of jellyfish that nearly sting them to death; Marlin falls exhausted after the risky escape and wakes up to see a surf-cultured Green sea turtle named Crush, who takes Dory and him on the East Australian Current, referred to as the EAC by the animals. In the current, Marlin shares the story of his journey with a group of young sea turtles who spread the story around the ocean.

Meanwhile, Nemo's captor - P. Sherman, a dentist - places him into a fish tank in his office on Sydney Harbour. There, Nemo meets a group of aquarium fish called the "Tank Gang", led by a crafty and ambitious moorish idol named Gill. The "Tank Gang" includes Peach, a starfish; Bloat, a puffer fish; Bubbles, a Yellow tang; Deb, a Blacktailed humbug Gurgle, a Royal gramma; and Jacques, a pacific cleaner shrimp;. The fish are frightened to learn that the dentist plans to give Nemo to his niece, Darla. She is infamous for killing a goldfish given to her previously by constantly shaking the bag. In order to avoid this fate, Gill gives Nemo a role in an escape plan, which involves jamming the tank's filter and forcing the dentist to remove the fish from the tank to clean it manually. The fish could be placed in plastic bags, at which point they could only roll out the window and into the harbor. After a friendly pelican named Nigel visits with news of Marlin's adventure, Nemo succeeds in jamming the filter, but the plan backfires when the dentist installs a new high-tech filter.

While leaving the East Australian Current, Marlin and Dory get lost in the blooms of plankton and krill and are caught by a blue whale. Inside the whale's immense mouth, Marlin tries to escape while Dory talks with it in whale-speak. So, the whale carries them to Sydney Harbour and expels them through his blowhole. They are met by Nigel, who recognizes Marlin from the stories he has heard and rescues him and Dory from a flock of hungry seagulls by scooping them into his beak and taking them to the dentist's man's office. By this time, Darla has arrived and the dentist is prepared to give Nemo to her. Nemo tries to play dead in hopes of saving himself, and, at the same time, Nigel arrives. Marlin sees Nemo and mistakes this act for the actual death of his son. After a struggle, Gill helps Nemo escape into a drain through a sink.

Sad, Marlin leaves Dory and begins to swim back home. Poor Dory then loses her memory and becomes a little worried, but meets Nemo, who has reached the ocean, has no memory of him. As you know, Dory's memory is restored again after she reads the word "Sydney" on a nearby drainpipe and, remembering her journey, she guides Nemo to Marlin. After the two joyfully reunite, Dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper. Nemo bravely enters the net and directs the group to swim downward to break the net, reminiscent of a similar scenario that occurred in the fish tank earlier. The fish, including Dory, succeed in breaking the net and escape. After some days, Nemo leaves for school once more and Marlin who is no longer overprotective after all.

Back at the dentist's office, the high-tech filter breaks down and The Tank Gang escape into the harbor. But, they realize that they are trapped in the bags of water that the dentist put them into when cleaning the tank.


"Finding Nemo" currently holds a 99% fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes with 100% by top critics, and an average of 89% on Metacritic. Roger Ebert gave the film four stars, calling it "one of those rare movies where I always wanted to sit in the front row and let the images wash out to the edges of my field of vision." The late broadway stars Paul Winchell, John Fiedler, and Ken Sansom who were the voices of three of Pooh's friends, Tigger, Piglet, & Rabbit in the "Winnie the Pooh" franchise, said "Finding Nemo" was their favorite animated film.

The film's use of clownfish prompted mass purchase of the animal as pets in the United States, even though the movie portrayed the use of fish as pets negatively and suggested that saltwater aquariums are notably tricky and expensive to maintain. The demand for clownfish was supplied by large-scale harvesting of tropical fish in regions like Vanuatu.

At the same time, the film had a quote that "all drains lead back to the ocean" (Nemo escapes from the aquarium by going down a sink drain, ending up in the sea). Since water typically undergoes treatment before leading to the ocean, the JWC Environmental company quipped that a more realistic title for the movie might be "Grinding Nemo". However, in Sydney, much of the sewer system does really pass directly to outfall pipes deep offshore, without a high level of treatment (although pumping and some filtering occur). Additionally, according to the DVD, there was a cut sequence with Nemo going through a treatment plant's mechanisms before ending up in the ocean pipes. However, in the final product, logos for "Sydney Water Treatment" are featured prominently along the path to the ocean, implying that Nemo really did pass through some water treatment.

The Australian Tourism Commission (ATC) launched several marketing campaigns in China and the USA in order to improve tourism in Australia, many of them using "Finding Nemo" clips. Queensland also used "Finding Nemo" to draw tourists to promote its state for vacationers.

On the 3-D re-release, Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly wrote that its emotional power was deepened by "the dimensionality of the oceanic deep" where "the spatial mysteries of watery currents and floating worlds are exactly where 3-D explorers were born to boldly go."

The 3-D re-release also prompted a retrospective on the film then nine years after its initial release. Stephen Whitty of the Newark Star-Ledger described it as "A genuinely funny and touching film that, in less than a decade, has established itself as a timeless classic," with Roger Moore of the McClatchy-Tribune News Service calling the movie "the gold standard against which all other modern animated films are measured."

"Finding Nemo" was released on DVD and VHS on November 4, 2003. The film was also released on DVD in a "Gold Edition", which came with a "Finding Nemo" stuffed toy character. The film had a home video release on both Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D on December 4, 2012, with both a 3-disc and a 5-disc set and was released on 4K Ultra-HD on September 10, 2019.

The inspiration for Nemo was made up of multiple experiences. The idea goes back to when director Andrew Stanton was a child, when he loved going to the dentist to see the fish tank, assuming that the fish were from the ocean and wanted to go home. In 1996 shortly after his son was born, he and his family took a trip to Six Flags Discovery Kingdom (which was called Marine World at the time). There he saw the shark tube and various exhibits he felt that the underwater world had bene done beautifully in computer animation. Later, in 2001 he took his son for a walk in the park, but found that he was over protecting him constantly and lost an opportunity to have any "father-son experiences" on that day. In an interview with "National Geographic" magazine, he stated that the idea for the characters of Marlin and Nemo came from a photograph of two clownfish peeking out of an anemone:"It was so arresting. I had no idea what kind of fish they were, but I wasn't taking my eyes off them. And as an entertainer, the fact that they were called clownfish—it was perfect. There's almost nothing more appealing than these little fish that want to play peekaboo with you." Also, clownfish are very colourful, but don't seem to tend to come out of an anemone very often, and for a character who has to go on a dangerous journey, Stanton felt a clownfish was the perfect kind of fish for the character.

Pre-production of the film took place in early 1997. Stanton began writing the screenplay during the post-production of "A Bug's Life". As such, it began production with a complete screenplay, something that co-director Lee Unkrich called "very unusual for an animated film." The artists took scuba diving lessons so they could go and study the coral reef. The idea for the initiation sequence came from a story conference between Andrew Stanton and Bob Peterson while driving to record the actors. Ellen DeGeneres was cast after Stanton was watching "Ellen" with his wife and seeing Ellen "change the subject five times before finishing one sentence" as Stanton recalled. There was a pelican character known as Gerald (who in the final film ends up swallowing and choking on Marlin and Dory) who was originally a friend of Nigel. They were going to play against each other as Nigel being neat fastidious while Gerald being scruffy and sloppy. However the filmmakers had not found an appropriate scene for them that didn't slow the pace of the picture down, so Gerald's character was minimized.

Stanton himself provided the voice of Crush the sea turtle. Stanton originally did the voice for the film's story reel, and assumed they would find an actor later. When Stanton's performance was popular in test screenings, Stanton decided to keep his performance in the film. Stanton recorded all his dialogue while lying on a sofa in co-director Lee Unkrich's office.

Crush's son Squirt was voiced by Nicholas Bird, the young son of fellow Pixar director Brad Bird. According to Stanton, the elder Bird was playing a tape recording of his young son around the Pixar studios one day. Stanton felt the voice was "this generation's Thumper" and immediately cast Nicholas.

Megan Mullally revealed that she was originally doing a voice in the film. According to Mullally, the producers were dissatisfied to learn that the voice of her character Karen Walker on the television show "Will & Grace" was not her natural speaking voice. The producers hired her anyway, and then strongly encouraged her to use her Karen Walker voice for the role. When Mullally refused, she was dismissed.

The film was dedicated to Glenn McQueen, a Pixar animator who died of melanoma in October 2002.

Finding Nemo shares many plot elements with "Pierrot the Clownfish", a children's book published in 2002, but allegedly conceived in 1995. The author, Franck Le Calvez, sued Disney for infringement of his intellectual rights. The judge ruled against him, citing the color differences between Pierrot and Nemo.

To ensure that the movements of the fish in the film were believable the animators essentially took a crash course in fish biology and oceanography. They visited aquariums, went diving in Hawaii and received in-house lectures from an ichthyologist.

"Finding Nemo" earned $380,673,009 in North America, and $540,900,000 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $921,573,009. It is the second highest-grossing film of 2003, behind "". In North America, outside North America, and worldwide, it was the highest-grossing film, up until 2020 when "" surpassed it.

"Finding Nemo" set an opening-weekend record for an animated feature, making $70,251,710 (first surpassed by "Sausage Party"). It became the highest-grossing animated film in North America ($339.7 million), outside North America ($528.2 million) and worldwide ($867.9 million), in all three occasions outgrossing "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh". In North America, it was surpassed by both "Sausage Party" in 2016, and "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge On the Run" in 2020. After the re-release of "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" in 2016, it stands as the fourth highest-grossing animated film in these regions. Outside North America, it was surpassed by "Sausage Party", "The Tigger Movie", and "". Worldwide, it now ranks third among animated films.

The film had impressive box office runs in many international markets. In Japan, its highest-grossing market after North America, it grossed $102.4 million becoming the highest-grossing Western animated film until it was out-grossed by "The Tigger Movie" ($126.7 million). Following in biggest grosses are the UK, Ireland and Malta, where it grossed £37.2 million ($67.1 million), France and the Maghreb region ($64.8 million), Germany ($53.9 million), and Spain ($29.5 million).

After the success of the 3D re-release of "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" on February 8, 2013, Disney and Pixar re-released "Finding Nemo" in 3D on September 14, 2012, with a conversion cost estimated below $5 million. For the opening weekend of its 3D re-release in North America, "Finding Nemo" grossed $16.7 million, debuting at the No. 2 spot behind "". From seven foreign markets, it earned a total of $5.1 million.

Finding Nemo won the Academy Award and Saturn Award for Best Animated Film. It also won the award for best Animated Film at the Kansas City Film Critics Circle Awards, the Las Vegas Film Critics Society Awards, the National Board of Review Awards, the Online Film Critics Society Awards, and the Toronto Film Critics Association Awards.

The film received many awards, including:

"Finding Nemo" was also nominated for:

In June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its "Ten top Ten", the best ten films in ten "classic" American film genres, after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community. "Finding Nemo" was acknowledged as the 10th best film in the animation genre. It was the most recently released film among all ten lists, and one of only three movies made after the year 2000, the others being "" and "Shrek".

A video game based on the film was released in 2003, for PC, Xbox, PS2, GameCube and GBA.

In 2005, after disagreements between Disney's Michael Eisner and Pixar's Steve Jobs over the distribution of Pixar's films, Disney announced that they would be creating a new animation studio, Circle 7 Animation, to make sequels to the seven Disney-owned Pixar films (which consisted of the films released between 1995 and 2011). The studio had put "Toy Story 4" and "Monsters at Work" in development, and had also hired screenwriter Laurie Craig to write a draft for "Finding Nemo 2". Circle 7 was subsequently shut down after Robert Iger replaced Eisner as CEO of Disney and arranged the acquisition of Pixar.

In July 2012, it was reported that Andrew Stanton is developing a sequel to "Finding Nemo", with Victoria Strouse writing the script and a schedule to be released in 2016. However, the same day the news of a potential sequel broke, director Andrew Stanton posted a message on his personal Twitter calling into question the accuracy of these reports. The message said, "Didn't you all really learn from "Toy Story 4"? Everyone calm down. Don't believe everything you read. Nothing to see here now. #skyisnotfalling" According to the report by Hollywood Reporter published in August 2012, Ellen DeGeneres is in negotiations to reprise her role of Dory. In September 2012, it was confirmed by Stanton saying: "What was immediately on the list was writing a second "Carter" movie. When that went away, everything slid up. I know I'll be accused by more sarcastic people that it's a reaction to "Carter" not doing well, but only in its timing, but not in its conceit."

Fibonacci

Fibonacci, also known as Leonardo Bonacci, Leonardo Fibonacci and Leonardo of Pisa, lived c. 11701250. He was an Italian mathematician. He was thought "the most talented Western mathematician of the Middle Ages".

Fibonacci popularized the Hindu–Arabic numeral system to the Western World. He did this in his composition in 1202 of "Liber Abaci" ("Book of Calculation"). He also introduced to Europe the sequence of Fibonacci numbers which he used as an example in "Liber Abaci".

Fibonacci is best known for the list of numbers called the Fibonacci Sequence. The list never stops, but it starts this way:

In this list, a person can find the next number by adding the last two numbers together.

This series is also interesting because the ratio of two adjacent numbers in the series approaches the golden ratio.

Richard Stallman

Richard Stallman (born March 16, 1953) is the founder of the free software movement, the GNU project, and the Free Software Foundation. He is also a famous hacker. He created GNU Emacs, the GNU C Compiler, and the GNU Debugger. He is one of the main authors of the GNU General Public License ("GNU GPL" or "GPL"), the most used free software license, which pioneered the concept of the copyleft.

Since the mid-1990s, he has spent most of his time as a political campaigner, talking about free software and campaigning against proprietary software, software idea patents and expansions of copyright law. The time that he still spends on programming is spent on GNU Emacs. He is currently supported by various fellowships and maintains a modest standard of living.


National Hockey League

The National Hockey League or NHL, is the highest-level ice hockey league in the world. It has 32 teams - 7 from Canada and 25 from the United States. The championship trophy is the Stanley Cup.

The NHL were founded in 1917. There were five original teams in 1917:


They played 22 games a year. The Wanderers had to stop playing in the first year because their arena burned down. Over the years some teams died out, and others were created: the Boston Bruins, New York Americans, Montreal Maroons, Pittsburgh Pirates (later Philadelphia Quakers), New York Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks and Detroit Cougars (later Falcons, then Red Wings).

Some teams folded during the Great Depression, so by 1942 there were only six teams:


There were only these six teams for 25 years, so they became known as the "Original Six".

By the 1940s, they were playing 50 games a year, but this increased slowly to 80 games by the 1970s. In 1967, the league increased to 12 teams. By 1979 it had 21 teams, and today it has 32. Some of the teams that no longer exist are the Oakland Seals, Minnesota North Stars (now the Dallas Stars), Winnipeg Jets (now the Arizona Coyotes), Kansas City Scouts (which became the Colorado Rockies and are now the New Jersey Devils), Hartford Whalers (now the Carolina Hurricanes), Quebec Nordiques (now the Colorado Avalanche) and Atlanta Thrashers (now the current Winnipeg Jets).

Today they play 82 games a year, plus four rounds of playoffs. The players make a lot of money (many make over a million dollars a year). Because they could make so much money, many Europeans came over to North America to play in the NHL. Today almost all the world's best hockey players are in the NHL.



Notes

Isaac Asimov

Isaac Asimov ( – April 6, 1992) was a writer of science fiction. He was also a biochemist with a PhD from Columbia University.

Asimov was born in Petrovichi, Smolensk Oblast, Russian SFSR to a Jewish family, on an unknown date between October 4, 1919 and January 2, 1920. Asimov celebrated his birthday on January 2. He was taken to the United States when he was three, and learned English and Yiddish as his native languages. He wrote many books. People know about Isaac Asimov because of his science fiction books and his science books for non-scientists.

Asimov's most famous books were the Foundation series. He also wrote the "Galactic Empire," the "Robot" Series, mystery, fantasy, and non-fiction books. He wrote the Norby series with his wife, Janet Asimov. He wrote or edited over 500 books and about 90,000 letters. Other subjects he wrote about were history, the Bible, literature, and sexuality.

Many of Asimov's early writings were short stories published in cheap science fiction and fantasy magazines. Years later, most of them were collected and republished as collections. Well-known collections include "I, Robot", "The Rest of the Robots", "Earth is Room Enough" and "The Early Asimov".

Asimov made a list of 15 of his science fiction books, which he advised should be read in this order:

Numbers 1–5 are 'Robot' books; 6–8 are 'Galacticos Empire' books; 9–15 are Foundation series books.

Asimov's novels have influenced science fiction on television and movie. Especially his 'Three Laws of Robotics' is a lasting contribution to our thinking.


Although ethnically a Jew, Asimov was an atheist:

When he had heart surgery in 1983, he received blood infected with HIV. He developed AIDS, and died of the effects of the medical condition in 1992. His widow did not speak of this until years later.

1980

1980 (MCMLXXX) was .






























1963

1963 (MCMLXIII) was .
















1977

1977 (MCMLXXVII) was .



















1907

1907 (MCMVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.















1911

1911 (MCMXI) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar.















1962

1962 (MCMLXII) was .






Evolution

Evolution is a biological process. It is how living things change over time and how new species develop. The theory of evolution explains how evolution works, and how living and extinct things have come to be the way they are. The theory of evolution is an essential idea in biology. Theodosius Dobzhansky, a well-known evolutionary biologist, said: "Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution".

Evolution has been happening since life started on Earth and is happening now. Evolution is caused mostly by natural selection. Living things are not identical to each other. Even living things of the same species look, move, and behave differently to some extent. Some differences make it easier for living things to survive and reproduce. 

Differences may make it easier to find food, hide from danger, or give birth to offspring which survive. The offspring will have some of the things which made it easier for their parents to have and raise them. Over time, these good differences continue and are spread through the population. Many generations pass and living things change enough to become new species.

Individuals who have differences that make it harder to find food, have offspring or avoid being eaten are likely not to have offspring at all and so will not give rise to future generations.

It is known that living things have changed over time, because their remains can be seen in the rocks. These remains are called 'fossils'. This proves that the animals and plants of today are different from those of long ago. The older the fossils, the bigger the differences from modern forms. This has happened because evolution has taken place. That evolution has taken place is a fact, because it is overwhelmingly supported by many lines of evidence. At the same time, evolutionary questions are still being actively researched by biologists.

Comparison of DNA sequences allows organisms to be grouped by how similar their sequences are. In 2010 an analysis compared sequences to phylogenetic trees, and supported the idea of common descent. There is now "strong quantitative support, by a formal test", for the unity of life.

The evidence for evolution is given in a number of books. Some of this evidence is discussed here.

The realization that some rocks contain fossils was a very important event in natural history. There are three parts to this story:

1. The realization that things in rocks which "looked" organic actually "were" the altered remains of living things. This was settled in the 16th and 17th centuries by Conrad Gessner, Nicolaus Steno, Robert Hooke and others.

2. The realization that many fossils represented species which do not exist today. It was Georges Cuvier, the comparative anatomist, who proved that extinction occurred and that different strata contained different fossils.

3. The realization that early fossils were simpler organisms than later fossils. Also, the later the rocks, the more like the present day are the fossils.

Where species live is a topic which fascinated both Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace. When new species occur, usually by the splitting of older species, this takes place in one place in the world. Once it is established, a new species may spread to some places and not others.

Australasia has been separated from other continents for many millions of years. In the main part of the continent, Australia, 83% of mammals, 89% of reptiles, 90% of fish and insects, and 93% of amphibians are endemic. Its native mammals are mostly marsupials like kangaroos, bandicoots, and quolls. By contrast, marsupials are today totally absent from Africa and form a small portion of the mammalian fauna of South America, where opossums, shrew opossums, and the monito del monte occur (see the Great American Interchange).

The only living representatives of primitive egg-laying mammals (monotremes) are the echidnas and the platypus. They are only found in Australasia, which includes Tasmania, New Guinea, and Kangaroo Island. These monotremes are totally absent in the rest of the world. On the other hand, Australia is missing many groups of placental mammals that are common on other continents (carnivora, artiodactyls, shrews, squirrels, lagomorphs), although it does have indigenous bats and rodents, which arrived later.

The evolutionary story is that placental mammals evolved in Eurasia, and wiped out the marsupials and monotremes wherever they spread. They did not reach Australasia until more recently. That is the simple reason why Australia has most of the world's marsupials and all the world's monotremes.

The evolution of the horse family (Equidae) is a good example of the way that evolution works. The oldest fossil of a horse is about 52 million years old. It was a small animal with five toes on the front feet and four on the hind feet. At that time, there were more forests in the world than today. This horse lived in woodland, eating leaves, nuts and fruit with its simple teeth. It was only about as big as a fox.

About 30 million years ago the world started to become cooler and drier. Forests shrank; grassland expanded, and horses changed. They ate grass, they grew larger, and they ran faster because they had to escape faster predators. Because grass wears teeth out, horses with longer-lasting teeth had an advantage.

For most of this long period of time, there were a number of horse types (genera). Now only one genus exists: the modern horse, "Equus". It has teeth which grow all its life, hooves on single toes, great long legs for running, and the animal is big and strong enough to survive in the open plain. Horses lived in western Canada until 12,000 years ago, but all horses in North America became extinct about 11,000 years ago. The causes of this extinction are not yet clear. Climate change and over-hunting by humans are suggested.

So, scientists can see that changes have happened. They have happened slowly over a long time. How these changes have come about is explained by the theory of evolution.

In about , the Hawaiian Islands have the most diverse collection of "Drosophila" flies in the world, living from rainforests to mountain meadows. About 800 Hawaiian fruit fly species are known.

Genetic evidence shows that all the native fruit fly species in Hawaii have descended from "a single ancestral species" that came to the islands, about 20 million years ago. Later adaptive radiation was caused by a lack of competition and a wide variety of vacant niches. Although it would be possible for a single pregnant female to colonise an island, it is more likely to have been a group from the same species.

The combination of continental drift and evolution can explain what is found in the fossil record. "Glossopteris" is an extinct species of seed fern plants from the Permian period on the ancient supercontinent of Gondwana.

"Glossopteris" fossils are found in Permian strata in southeast South America, southeast Africa, all of Madagascar, northern India, all of Australia, all of New Zealand, and scattered on the southern and northern edges of Antarctica.

During the Permian, these continents were connected as Gondwana. This is known from magnetic striping in the rocks, other fossil distributions, and glacial scratches pointing away from the temperate climate of the South Pole during the Permian.

When biologists look at living things, they see that animals and plants belong to groups which have something in common. Charles Darwin explained that this followed naturally if "we admit the common parentage of allied forms, together with their modification through variation and natural selection".

For example, all insects are related. They share a basic body plan, whose development is controlled by master regulatory genes. They have six legs; they have hard parts on the outside of the body (an exoskeleton); they have eyes formed of many separate chambers, and so on. Biologists explain this with evolution. All insects are the descendants of a group of animals who lived a long time ago. They still keep the basic plan (six legs and so on) but the details change. They look different now because they changed in different ways: this is evolution.

It was Darwin who first suggested that all life on Earth had a single origin, and from that beginning "endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved". Evidence from molecular biology in recent years has supported the idea that all life is related by common descent.

Strong evidence for common descent comes from vestigial structures. The useless wings of flightless beetles are sealed under fused wing covers. This can be simply explained by their descent from ancestral beetles which had wings that worked.

Rudimentary body parts, those that are smaller and simpler in structure than corresponding parts in ancestral species, are called vestigial organs. Those organs are functional in the ancestral species but are now either nonfunctional or re-adapted to a new function. Examples are the pelvic girdles of whales, halteres (hind wings) of flies, wings of flightless birds, and the leaves of some xerophytes ("e.g." cactus) and parasitic plants ("e.g." dodder).

However, vestigial structures may have their original function replaced with another. For example, the halteres in flies help balance the insect while in flight, and the wings of ostriches are used in mating rituals and aggressive displays. The ear ossicles in mammals are former bones of the lower jaw.

In 1893, Robert Wiedersheim published a book on human anatomy and its relevance to man's evolutionary history. This book contained a list of 86 human organs that he considered vestigial. This list included examples such as the appendix and the 3rd molar teeth (wisdom teeth).

The strong grip of a baby is another example. It is a vestigial reflex, a remnant of the past when pre-human babies clung to their mothers' hair as the mothers swung through the trees. Human babies' feet curl up when they are sitting down, while primate babies can grip with their feet as well. All primates except modern man have thick body hair which an infant can grasp, unlike modern humans. The grasp reflex allows the mother to escape danger by climbing a tree using both hands and feet.

Vestigial organs often have some selection against them. The original organs take resources to build and maintain. If they no longer have a function, reducing their size improves fitness. There is direct evidence of selection. Some cave crustacea reproduce more successfully with smaller eyes than do those with larger eyes. This may be because the nervous tissue dealing with sight now becomes available to handle other sensory input.

From the eighteenth century, it was known that embryos of different species were much more similar than the adults. In particular, some parts of embryos reflect their evolutionary past. For example, the embryos of land vertebrates develop gill slits like fish embryos. Of course, this is only a temporary stage, which gives rise to many structures in the neck of reptiles, birds, and mammals. The proto-gill slits are part of a complicated system of development: that is why they persisted.

Another example is the embryonic teeth of baleen whales. They are later lost. The baleen filter is developed from different tissue, called keratin. Early fossil baleen whales did actually have teeth as well as the baleen.

A good example is the barnacle. It took many centuries before natural historians discovered that barnacles were crustacea. Their adults look so unlike other crustacea, but their larvae are very similar to those of other crustacea.

Charles Darwin lived in a world where animal husbandry and domesticated crops were vitally important. In both cases, farmers selected individuals for breeding that had desirable characteristics and prevented the breeding of individuals with less desirable characteristics. The eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries saw growth in scientific agriculture. Some of that growth was due to artificial breeding.

Darwin discussed artificial selection as a model for natural selection in the 1859 first edition of his work "On the Origin of Species", in Chapter IV: Natural selection: 
Nikolai Vavilov showed that rye, originally a weed, came to be a crop plant by unintentional selection. Rye is a tougher plant than wheat: it survives in harsher conditions. Having become a crop like wheat, rye was able to become a crop plant in harsh areas, such as hills and mountains.
There is no real difference in the genetic processes underlying artificial and natural selection, and the concept of artificial selection was used by Charles Darwin as an illustration of the wider process of natural selection. There are practical differences. Experimental studies of artificial selection show that "the rate of evolution in selection experiments is at least two orders of magnitude (that is 100 times) greater than any rate seen in nature or the fossil record".

Some have thought that artificial selection could not produce new species. It now seems that it can.

New species have been created by domesticated animal husbandry, but the details are not known or not clear. For example, domestic sheep were created by hybridisation, and no longer produce viable offspring with "Ovis orientalis", one species from which they are descended. Domestic cattle, on the other hand, can be considered the same species as several varieties of wild ox, gaur, yak, etc., as they readily produce fertile offspring with them.

The best-documented new species came from laboratory experiments in the late 1980s. William Rice and G.W. Salt bred fruit flies, "Drosophila melanogaster," using a maze with three different choices of habitat such as light/dark and wet/dry. Each generation was put into the maze, and the groups of flies that came out of two of the eight exits were set apart to breed with each other in their respective groups.

After thirty-five generations, the two groups and their offspring were isolated reproductively because of their strong habitat preferences: they mated only within the areas they preferred, and so did not mate with flies that preferred the other areas.

Diane Dodd was also able to show how reproductive isolation can develop from mating preferences in "Drosophila pseudoobscura" fruit flies after only eight generations using different food types, starch, and maltose.

Dodd's experiment has been easy for others to repeat. It has also been done with other fruit flies and foods.

Some biologists say that evolution has happened when a trait that is caused by genetics becomes more or less common in a group of organisms. Others call it evolution when new species appear.

Changes can happen quickly in smaller, simpler organisms. For example, many bacteria that cause disease can no longer be killed with some antibiotic medicines. These medicines have only been in use since the 1940s, and at first, they worked extremely well. The bacteria have evolved so that they are less affected by antibiotics. The drugs killed off all the bacteria except a few which had some resistance. These few resistant bacteria reproduced, and their offspring had the same drug resistance.

The Colorado beetle is famous for its ability to resist pesticides. Over the last 50 years it has become resistant to 52 chemical compounds used in insecticides, including cyanide. This is natural selection sped up by artificial conditions. However, not every population is resistant to every chemical. The populations only become resistant to chemicals used in their area.

Although there were a number of natural historians in the 18th century who had some idea of evolution, the first well-formed ideas came in the 19th century. Four biologists are considered the most important.

Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck (1744–1829), a French biologist, claimed that animals changed according to natural laws. He said that animals could pass on traits they had acquired during their lifetime to their offspring, using inheritance. Today, his theory is known as Lamarckism. Its main purpose is to explain adaptations by natural means. He proposed a tendency for organisms to become more complex, moving up a ladder of progress, plus "use and disuse".

Lamarck's idea was that a giraffe's neck grew longer because it tried to reach higher up. This idea failed because it conflicts with heredity (Mendel's work). Mendel made his discoveries about half a century after Lamarck's work.

Charles Darwin (1809–1882) wrote his "On the Origin of Species" in 1859. In this book, he put forward much evidence that evolution had occurred. He also proposed natural selection as the way evolution had taken place. But Darwin did not understand genetics and how traits were actually passed on. He could not accurately explain what made children look like their parents.

Nevertheless, Darwin's explanation of evolution was fundamentally correct. In contrast to Lamarck, Darwin's idea was that the giraffe's neck became longer because "those with longer necks survived better". These survivors passed their genes on, and in time the whole species got longer necks.

Alfred Russel Wallace OM FRS (1823–1913) was a British naturalist, explorer, biologist, and social activist. He proposed a theory of natural selection at about the same time as Darwin. His idea was published in 1858 together with Charles Darwin's idea.

An Austrian monk called Gregor Mendel (1822–1884) bred plants. In the mid-19th century, he discovered how traits were passed on from one generation to the next.

He used peas for his experiments: some peas have white flowers and others have red ones. Some peas have green seeds and others have yellow seeds. Mendel used artificial pollination to breed the peas. His results are discussed further in Mendelian inheritance. Darwin thought that the inheritance from both parents blended together. Mendel proved that the genes from the two parents stay separate, and may be passed on unchanged to later generations.

Mendel published his results in a journal that was not well-known, and his discoveries were overlooked. Around 1900, his work was rediscovered. Genes are bits of information made of DNA which work like a set of instructions. A set of genes are in every living cell. Together, genes organise the way an egg develops into an adult. With mammals, and many other living things, a copy of each gene comes from the father and another copy from the mother. Some living organisms, including some plants, only have one parent, so get all their genes from them. These genes produce the genetic differences that evolution acts on.

Darwin's "On the Origin of Species" has two themes: the evidence for evolution, and his ideas on how evolution took place. This section deals with the second issue.

The first two chapters of the "Origin" deal with variations in domesticated plants and animals, and variations in nature.

All living things show variation. Every population which has been studied shows that animals and plants vary as much as humans do. This is a great fact of nature, and without it evolution would not occur. Darwin said that, just as man selects what he wants in his farm animals, so in nature the variations allow natural selection to work.

The features of an individual are influenced by two things, heredity and environment. First, development is controlled by genes inherited from the parents. Second, living brings its own influences. Some things are entirely inherited, others partly, and some not inherited at all.

The colour of eyes is entirely inherited; they are a genetic trait. Height or weight is only partly inherited, and language is not at all inherited. The fact that humans can speak is inherited, but what language is spoken depends on where a person lives and what they are taught. Another example: a person inherits a brain of somewhat variable capacity. What happens after birth depends on many things such as home environment, education, and other experiences. When a person is an adult, their brain is what their inheritance and life experience have made it.

"Evolution only concerns the traits which can be inherited", wholly or partly. The hereditary traits are passed on from one generation to the next through genes. A person's genes contain all the characteristics that they inherit from their parents. The accidents of life are not passed on. Each person lives a somewhat different life, which increases the differences.

Organisms in any population vary in reproductive success. From the point of view of evolution, 'reproductive success' means the total number of offspring which live to breed and leave offspring themselves.

Variation can only affect future generations if it is inherited. Because of the work of Gregor Mendel, we know that much variation is inherited. Mendel's 'factors' are now called genes. Research has shown that "almost every individual in a sexually reproducing species is genetically unique".

Genetic variation is increased by gene mutations. DNA does not always reproduce exactly. Rare changes occur, and these changes can be inherited. Many changes in DNA cause faults; some are neutral or even advantageous. This gives rise to genetic variation, which is the seed corn of evolution. Sexual reproduction, by the crossing over of chromosomes during meiosis, spreads variation through the population. Other events, like natural selection and drift, reduce variation. A population in the wild always has variation, but the details are always changing.

Evolution mainly works by natural selection. What does this mean? Animals and plants which are best suited to their environment will, on average, survive better. There is a struggle for existence. Those who survive will reproduce and create the next generation. Their genes will be passed on, and the genes of those who did not reproduce will not. This is the basic mechanism which changes the characteristics of a population and causes evolution.

Natural selection explains why living organisms change over time, and explains the anatomy, functions, and behavior that they have. It works like this:

There are now many cases where natural selection has been proved to occur in wild populations. Almost every case investigated of camouflage, mimicry and polymorphism has shown strong effects of selection.

The force of selection can be much stronger than was thought by the early population geneticists. The resistance to pesticides has grown quickly. Resistance to "warfarin" in Norway rats ("Rattus norvegicus") grew rapidly because those that survived made up more and more of the population. Research showed that, in the absence of "warfarin", the resistant homozygote was at a 54% disadvantage to the normal wild type homozygote. This great disadvantage was quickly overcome by the selection for "warfarin" resistance.

Mammals normally cannot drink milk as adults, but humans are an exception. Milk is digested by the enzyme lactase, which switches off as mammals stop taking milk from their mothers. The human ability to drink milk during adult life is supported by a lactase mutation which prevents this switch-off. Human populations have a high proportion of this mutation wherever milk is important in the diet. The spread of this 'milk tolerance' is promoted by natural selection, because it helps people survive where milk is available. Genetic studies suggest that the oldest mutations causing lactase persistence only reached high levels in human populations in the last ten thousand years. Therefore, lactase persistence is often cited as an example of recent human evolution. As lactase persistence is genetic, but animal husbandry a cultural trait, that is gene–culture coevolution.

Adaptation is one of the basic phenomena of biology. Through the process of adaptation, an organism becomes better suited to its habitat.

Adaptation is one of the two main processes that explain the diverse species we see in biology. The other is speciation (species-splitting or cladogenesis). A favourite example used today to study the interplay of adaptation and speciation is the evolution of cichlid fish in African rivers and lakes.

When people speak about adaptation they often mean something which helps an animal or plant survive. One of the most widespread adaptations in animals is the evolution of the eye. Another example is the adaptation of modern horses' teeth to grinding grass. Camouflage is another adaptation; so is mimicry. The better-adapted animals are the most likely to survive and reproduce successfully (natural selection).

An internal parasite (such as a fluke) is a good example: it has a very simple bodily structure, but still the organism is highly adapted to its particular environment. From this we see that adaptation is not just a matter of visible traits: in such parasites, critical adaptations take place in the life cycle, which is often quite complex.

Not all features of an organism are adaptations. Adaptations tend to reflect the past life of a species. If a species has recently changed its life style, a once valuable adaptation may become useless, and eventually become a dwindling vestige.

Adaptations are never perfect. There are always tradeoffs between the various functions and structures in a body. It is the organism as a whole that lives and reproduces, therefore it is the complete set of adaptations that is passed on to future generations.

In populations, there are forces that add variation to the population (such as mutation), and forces that remove it. Genetic drift is the name given to random changes which remove variation from a population. Genetic drift gets rid of variation at the rate of 1/(2N) where N = population size. It is therefore "a very weak evolutionary force in large populations".
Genetic drift explains how random chance can affect evolution in surprisingly big ways, but only when populations are quite small. Overall, its action is to make the individuals more similar to each other, and hence more vulnerable to disease or to chance events in their environment.


How species form is a major part of evolutionary biology. Darwin interpreted 'evolution' (a word he did not use at first) as being about speciation. That is why he called his famous book "On the Origin of Species".

Darwin thought most species arose directly from pre-existing species. This is called "anagenesis": new species by older species changing. Now we think most species arise by previous species splitting: "cladogenesis".

Two groups that start the same can become very different if they live in different places. When a species gets split into two geographical regions, a process starts. Each adapts to its own situation. After a while, individuals from one group can no longer reproduce with the other group. Two separate species have evolved from one.

A German explorer, Moritz Wagner, during his three years in Algeria in the 1830s, studied flightless beetles. Each species is confined to a stretch of the north coast between rivers which descend from the Atlas mountains to the Mediterranean. As soon as one crosses a river, a different but closely related species appears. He wrote later:
This was an early account of the importance of geographical separation. Another biologist who thought geographical separation was critical was Ernst Mayr.
One example of natural speciation is the three-spined stickleback, a sea fish that, after the last ice age, invaded freshwater, and set up colonies in isolated lakes and streams. Over about 10,000 generations, the sticklebacks show great differences, including variations in fins, changes in the number or size of their bony plates, variable jaw structure, and colour differences.

The wombats of Australia fall into two main groups, common wombats and hairy-nosed wombats. The two types look very similar, apart from the hairiness of their noses. However, they are adapted to different environments. Common wombats live in forested areas and eat mostly green food with lots of moisture. They often feed in the daytime. Hairy-nosed wombats live on hot dry plains where they eat dry grass with very little water or nutrition in it. Their metabolic rate is slow and they sleep most of the day underground.

When two groups that started the same become different enough, then they become two different species. Part of the theory of evolution is that all living things started the same, but then split into different groups over billions of years.

This was an important movement in evolutionary biology, which started in the 1930s and finished in the 1950s. It has been updated regularly ever since.
The synthesis explains how the ideas of Charles Darwin fit with the discoveries of Gregor Mendel, who found out how we inherit our genes. The modern synthesis brought Darwin's idea up to date. It bridged the gap between different types of biologists: geneticists, naturalists, and palaeontologists.

When the theory of evolution was developed, it was not clear that natural selection and genetics worked together. But Ronald Fisher showed that natural selection would work to change species. Sewall Wright explained genetic drift in 1931.


Co-evolution is where the existence of one species is tightly bound up with the life of one or more other species.

New or 'improved' adaptations which occur in one species are often followed by the appearance and spread of related features in the other species. The life and death of living things is intimately connected, not just with the physical environment, but with the life of other species.

These relationships may continue for millions of years, as it has in the pollination of flowering plants by insects. The gut contents, wing structures, and mouthparts of fossilized beetles and flies suggest that they acted as early pollinators. The association between beetles and angiosperms during the Lower Cretaceous period led to parallel radiations of angiosperms and insects into the late Cretaceous. The evolution of nectaries in Upper Cretaceous flowers signals the beginning of the mutualism between hymenoptera and angiosperms.

Charles Darwin was the first to use this metaphor in biology. The "evolutionary tree" shows the relationships among various biological groups. It includes data from DNA, RNA and protein analysis. Tree of life work is a product of traditional comparative anatomy, and modern molecular evolution and molecular clock research.

The major figure in this work is Carl Woese, who defined the Archaea, the third domain (or kingdom) of life. Below is a simplified version of present-day understanding. 
Macroevolution: the study of changes above the species level, and how they take place. The basic data for such a study are fossils (palaeontology) and the reconstruction of ancient environments. Some subjects whose study falls within the realm of macroevolution:
It is a term of convenience: for most biologists it does not suggest any change in the process of evolution. For some palaeontologists, what they see in the fossil record cannot be explained just by the gradualist evolutionary synthesis. They are in the minority.

Altruism – the willingness of some to sacrifice themselves for others – is widespread in social animals. As explained above, the next generation can only come from those who survive and reproduce. Some biologists have thought that this meant altruism could not evolve by the normal process of selection. Instead a process called "group selection" was proposed. Group selection refers to the idea that alleles can become fixed or spread in a population because of the benefits they bestow on groups, regardless of the alleles' effect on the fitness of individuals within that group.

For several decades, critiques cast serious doubt on group selection as a major mechanism of evolution.

In simple cases it can be seen at once that traditional selection suffices. For example, if one sibling sacrifices itself for three siblings, the genetic disposition for the act will be increased. This is because siblings share on average 50% of their genetic inheritance, and the sacrificial act has led to greater representation of the genes in the next generation.

Altruism is now generally seen as emerging from standard selection. The warning note from Ernst Mayr, and the work of William Hamilton are both important to this discussion.

Hamilton's equation describes whether or not a gene for altruistic behaviour will spread in a population. The gene will spread if rxb is greater than c:
where:

At first, sexual reproduction might seem to be at a disadvantage compared with asexual reproduction. In order to be advantageous, sexual reproduction (cross-fertilisation) has to overcome a two-fold disadvantage (takes two to reproduce) plus the difficulty of finding a mate. Why, then, is sex so nearly universal among eukaryotes? This is one of the oldest questions in biology.

The answer has been given since Darwin's time: because the sexual populations adapt better to changing circumstances. A recent laboratory experiment suggests this is indeed the correct explanation.

In the main experiment, nematode worms were divided into two groups. One group was entirely outcrossing, the other was entirely selfing. The groups were subjected to a rugged terrain and repeatedly subjected to a mutagen. After 50 generations, the selfing population showed a substantial decline in fitness (= survival), whereas the outcrossing population showed no decline. This is one of a number of studies that show sexuality to have real advantages over non-sexual types of reproduction.

An important activity is artificial selection for domestication. This is when people choose which animals to breed from, based on their traits. Humans have used this for thousands of years to domesticate plants and animals.

More recently, it has become possible to use genetic engineering. New techniques such as 'gene targeting' are now available. The purpose of this is to insert new genes or knock out old genes from the genome of a plant or animal. A number of Nobel Prizes have already been awarded for this work.

However, the real purpose of studying evolution is to explain and help our understanding of biology. After all, it is the first good explanation of how living things came to be the way they are. That is a big achievement. The practical things come mostly from genetics, the science started by Gregor Mendel, and from molecular and cell biology.

In 2010 the journal "Nature" selected 15 topics as 'Evolution gems'. These were:





The idea that all life evolved had been proposed before Charles Darwin published "On the Origin of species". Even today, some people still discuss the concept of evolution and what it means to them, their philosophy, and their religion. Evolution does explain some things about our human nature. People also talk about the social implications of evolution, for example in sociobiology.

Some people have the religious belief that life on Earth was created by a god. In order to fit in the idea of evolution with that belief, people have used ideas like "guided evolution" or "theistic evolution". They say that evolution is real, but is being guided in some way.

There are many different concepts of "theistic evolution". Many creationists believe that the creation myth found in their religion goes against the idea of evolution. As Darwin realised, the most controversial part of the evolutionary thought is what it means for human origins.

In some countries, especially in the United States, there is tension between people who accept the idea of evolution and those who do not accept it. The debate is mostly about whether evolution should be taught in schools, and in what way this should be done.

Other fields, like cosmology and earth science also do not match with the original writings of many religious texts. These ideas were once also fiercely opposed. Death for heresy was threatened to those who wrote against the idea that Earth was the center of the universe.

Evolutionary biology is a more recent idea. Certain religious groups oppose the idea of evolution more than other religious groups do. For instance, the Roman Catholic Church now has the following position on evolution: Pope Pius XII said in his encyclical "Humani Generis" published in the 1950s:

Pope John Paul II updated this position in 1996. He said that Evolution was "more than a hypothesis":

The Anglican Communion also does not oppose the scientific account of evolution.

Many of those who accepted evolution were not much interested in biology. They were interested in using the theory to support their own ideas on society.

Some people have tried to use evolution to support racism. People wanting to justify racism claimed that certain groups, such as black people, were inferior. In nature, some animals do "survive" better than others, and it does lead to animals better adapted to their circumstances. With humans groups from different parts of the world, all evolution can say is that each group is probably well suited to its original situation. Evolution makes no judgements about better or worse. It does "not" say that any human group is superior to any other.

The idea of eugenics was rather different. Two things had been noticed as far back as the 18th century. One was the great success of farmers in breeding cattle and crop plants. They did this by selecting which animals or plants would produce the next generation (artificial selection). The other observation was that lower class people had more children than upper-class people. If (and it's a big if) the higher classes were there on "merit", then their lack of children was the exact reverse of what should be happening. Faster breeding in the lower classes would lead to the society getting worse.

The idea to improve the human species by selective breeding is called eugenics. The name was proposed by Francis Galton, a bright scientist who meant to do good. He said that the human stock (gene pool) should be improved by selective breeding policies. This would mean that those who were considered "good stock" would receive a reward if they reproduced. However, other people suggested that those considered "bad stock" would need to undergo compulsory sterilization, prenatal testing and birth control. The German Nazi government (1933–1945) used eugenics as a cover for their extreme racial policies, with dreadful results.

The problem with Galton's idea is how to decide which features to select. There are so many different skills people could have, you could not agree who was "good stock" and who was "bad stock". There was rather more agreement on who should "not" be breeding. Several countries passed laws for the compulsory sterilisation of unwelcome groups. Most of these laws were passed between 1900 and 1940. After World War II, disgust at what the Nazis had done squashed any more attempts at eugenics.

Some equations can be solved using algorithms that simulate evolution. Evolutionary algorithms work like that.

Another example of using ideas about evolution to support social action is social Darwinism. Social Darwinism is a term given to the ideas of the 19th century social philosopher Herbert Spencer. Spencer believed the "survival of the fittest" could and should be applied to commerce and human societies as a whole.

Again, some people used these ideas to claim that racism, and ruthless economic policies were justified. Today, most biologists and philosophers say that the theory of evolution should not be applied to social policy.

Some people disagree with the idea of evolution. They disagree with it for a number of reasons. Most often these reasons are influenced by or based on their religious beliefs instead of science. People who do not agree with evolution usually believe in creationism or intelligent design.

Despite this, evolution is one of the most successful theories in science. People have discovered it to be useful for different kinds of research. None of the other suggestions explain things, such as fossil records, as well. So, for almost all scientists, evolution is not in doubt.

These books are mostly about the evidence for evolution.

These books cover most evolutionary topics.



Bedfordshire

Bedfordshire is a county of England. Its county town is Bedford. It borders Cambridgeshire, Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire (with the Borough of Milton Keynes) and Hertfordshire. The highest elevation point is 243 m (797 ft) on Dunstable Downs in the Chilterns. The county motto is "Constant Be", which is taken from the hymn "To Be A Pilgrim" by John Bunyan.

There are forty Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Bedfordshire, designated by Natural England. Thirty-five are listed for their biological interest, and five for their geological interest.

Three of the sites are also National nature reserves, twelve are in the Chilterns Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and eleven are managed wholly or partly by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.

March 20

March 20 is usually the first day of spring in the Northern Hemisphere, and the first day of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere.














American football

American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada and also known as gridiron, is a team sport. It is played by two teams with 11 players on each side. American football is played with a ball with pointed ends. Points are scored in many ways, usually by one team getting the ball into the end zone of the other team. The game started in the late 19th century as college football, an American version of rugby football.

The main leagues that play American football are the professional National Football League (NFL), and the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), which plays college football. In the National Football League, players can be paid millions of dollars. In the National Collegiate Athletic Association, players simply play for the pride of their school, scholarships, or for the chance to join a national team. Over a million boys (and a number of girls) play high school football. There is also a closely related sport called Canadian football (CFL).

An American football game is played with a ball called a football. The sport is played on a grass (or artificial turf) field. The field is exactly long and wide. The end zones, one at each end of the field, are long. The players wear protective equipment, including a helmet with face mask, shoulder pads, thigh pads, and often a mouth guard. A team has four chances, or "downs", to advance the ball while the opposing team tries to stop it. Certain players advance the ball by carrying or throwing it. Teams can score by advancing the ball to the other team's end zone or by kicking the ball through a goalpost placed at the back of the end zone. American football is carefully regulated by time and rules, which are enforced by officials, who also determine when a team scores.

A college or professional football game is 60 minutes long, and is divided into 15-minute quarters. In some high schools, the quarters are 12 minutes long, and games for younger children are often shorter still. After the first two quarters, the teams rest during halftime.

In NFL football, if the game is tied after the four quarters, the two teams compete in at least one more 15-minute period called overtime. During overtime, the first team to score points is usually the winner. However, under the current rules, first used for the 2011 postseason, if the team that has the ball first ends its possession by scoring a field goal, the other team has a chance to score. If that team does not score, or if it scores a touchdown, the game ends. If it scores a field goal, the game continues, and the next team to score wins. During the regular season, only one overtime period is played—if neither team scores, or if both teams score field goals when they first have the ball, the game ends in a tie. During the playoffs, the game will continue with as many overtime periods as needed to decide a winner. If the game is tied after each team has had the ball once in overtime, the first team to score wins.

In NCAA football overtime, which is based on the system used for high school football in most U.S. states, the teams take turns trying to score. The game ends when one team scores, and the other team fails to score as many points during its chance.

American football is played on a field long by wide. Most of the game is played on in the middle. It is divided by 20 lines drawn every . The field has two other sets of markings, running between the two end zones along the length of the field, known as "hashmarks". All plays must start between the hashmarks—if the last play ended outside the hashmarks, the ball is moved to the nearest hashmark. At the ends of the field there are scoring areas, called the end zones.

There are also two yellow poles on the end of each field called uprights. Sometimes, if the team can not score a touchdown they might want to kick it through the uprights for three points. The uprights are also used for scoring one point after a team scored a touchdown.

There are many types of players on a football team. For the offensive part of the team, a quarterback throws the football to wide receivers while offensive linemen block to protect him from defensive players. The offensive linemen also block when a running back runs to advance the football. Players on the Defensive line, a linebacker, and defensive backs (cornerbacks and American football safeties) attempt to tackle the offensive player who carries the football.
Some team members only play during certain times. These players belong to the Special Teams. The kicker can kick the ball to the other team or between the uprights, while the placeholder holds the ball steady. The kick returner runs the ball down the field in an attempt to score points after catching the ball.

A touchdown is achieved when a player has legal possession of the ball and the ball crosses an imaginary vertical plane above the opposing team's goal line. After a touchdown, the scoring team attempts a try for 1 or 2 points (see below). A successful touchdown is signaled by an official extending both arms vertically above the head.

A field goal is scored when the ball is place kicked between the goal posts behind the opponent's end zone. The most common type of kick used is the place kick. For a place kick, the ball must first be snapped to a placeholder, who holds the ball upright on the ground with his fingertip so that it may be kicked. Three points are scored if the ball crosses between the two upright posts and above the crossbar and remains over.

Immediately following a touchdown, the scoring team can attempt to kick the ball between the goal posts for 1 extra point. The team can also run or pass the ball into the end zone for 2 points. This is not done very often, although it does happen if the game situation calls for it.

College football has unique rules regarding extra point attempts in overtime. Teams that score touchdowns are required to attempt a two-point conversion during the second overtime. Starting with the third overtime, the two teams alternate two-point conversion attempts, with the game ending when one team scores and the other does not.

In the NFL, college football, and high school football in Texas (whose rules are based on the NCAA set), if the defense takes possession of the ball during an extra point (via fumble, interception, or blocked kick) and returns the ball into the opponent's end zone, the defensive team receives 2 points. (In high school football outside of Texas, if the defense takes possession during an extra point, the play is dead at that moment and the conversion is ruled "no good".)

A safety is scored if a player causes the ball to become dead in his own end zone. When this happens two points are awarded to the opposing (usually defending) team. This can happen if a player is either downed or goes out of bounds in the end zone while carrying the ball. It can also happen if he fumbles the ball, and it goes out of bounds in the end zone. A safety is also awarded to the defensive team if the offensive team commits a foul which is enforced in its own end zone.

Exhibition season (better known as Pre-Season) is in August. In the exhibition season, the teams get ready for the regular season by having training. Teams have practices to help the team get better and see who will make the team. All of the teams play 3 games before the regular season starts, and the games do not change what team gets to the post season. Because of it, teams do not use their best players much, and use the games as more practice.

The 32 NFL teams are divided into two conferences: the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC). Each of them is divided in four divisions: North, South, West and East. Each division includes four teams.
The season lasts 18 weeks. Each team plays 17 games and has one week off. This week of rest is called a "bye week".

At the end of the regular season, the winners of each division and the next three best teams in each conference play in a tournament. The NFC's champion and The AFC's champion play the NFL's final game, the Super Bowl. The event is often treated as a National holiday as many stores close for the event. The day of the event is commonly known nationwide as Super Bowl Sunday.


Notes


The Ugly Duckling

"The Ugly Duckling" () is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. Andersen lavished great care on this story, spending a year perfecting it. It was first published in 1844 with "The Angel", "The Sweethearts", and "The Nightingale" in "New Fairy Tales". The critics liked these stories. Andersen considered the story "a reflection of my own life." The moral of the tale: "it does not matter if you were born in a duck yard if you have lain in a swan's egg." The tale has been adapted to various media such as animated movies.

A mother duck hatches six pretty little ducklings. A seventh bird is hatched. He is homely. The other ducks abuse him. He runs away. He is given a home by an old woman. Her cat and hen do not like him. He runs away again. Winter comes and a kind farmer gives him a home. The little bird almost dies. Spring comes. The "ugly duckling" has grown into a beautiful swan. The other swans welcome him as their own. They bow to him. He is happy for the first time in his life.


General relativity

General relativity is a theory of space and time. The theory was published by Albert Einstein in 1915. 

The main idea of general relativity is that space and time are two different parts of spacetime. In general relativity, gravity doesn't work the same way that Sir Isaac Newton said was how gravity worked. According to Einstein, gravity changes not only space, but also time. (Time dilation)

An important idea in general relativity is the "principle of equivalence". An example is that two people, one in an elevator on the surface of the Earth, and the other in an elevator in outer space but accelerating upwards at the will each observe the same behavior of an object they drop from their hands. The object will accelerate to the floor at 9.8 m/s in either case.

This makes it it impossible for either to distinguish whether or not they are at rest in a gravitational field. Other versions of this type of "thought experiment" were used to show that light would curve in an accelerating frame of reference.

The force pulling the Earth towards the Sun is about the same as a second force. This second force is called the centrifugal force. The centrifugal force exists because the Earth moves sideways. This sideways motion makes the distance between the Earth and Sun increase. Since the Earth is being pulled towards the sun and moving away at the same time, it stays at about the same distance. This is also how the Moon orbits the earth. In this second case, Earth is the ball and the Moon is the object. 

The Sun and other objects with mass curve four dimensional spacetime fabric.

General relativity has predicted many things which were later seen. These include:


Rutland

Rutland is the smallest county of England. It is surrounded by the counties of Leicestershire, Lincolnshire and Northamptonshire.

The main towns of Rutland are Oakham and Uppingham.

In the mid-1970s, it was the inspiration for Eric Idle's TV show, Rutland Weekend Television.

Adlai Stevenson I

Adlai Ewing Stevenson (October 23, 1835 – June 14, 1914) was an American politician. He was vice president of the United States under Grover Cleveland, and ran for President and several other political offices, but lost. He was also first assistant Postmaster General and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois, as well. His grandson of the same name also was a notable politician and writer. Another grandson, McLean Stevenson was an actor. His other grandson was Illinois Senator Adlai Stevenson III.

Toledo, Ohio

Toledo is the fourth largest city in Ohio, USA. It was named after Toledo, Spain. It is a large industrial city and has many factories that make things like car parts and glass. Toledo is about an hour (by car) south of Detroit, Michigan. The main highways in and out of Toledo are Interstate 75, Interstate 80, Interstate 90, and U.S. Highways 20, 23, and 24. It is the 79th largest city in the United States.

Toledo is in the Northwest part of Ohio. The city is at the west end of Lake Erie, where the Maumee River meets the lake. The area of Ohio where Toledo sits is very flat and is known for its many farm fields.

Toledo was started as a village in Michigan in 1833. In 1835 and 1836, Ohio and Michigan both claimed to own the city and surrounding territory. Michigan gave up its claim and got the Upper Peninsula in exchange. In 1837, Toledo was made part of Ohio. The city first started growing because it was on a canal and had many railroads.

Later, Toledo became the home of factories and industry. The city grew much more in the 20th century and had its highest population in 1950. By the end of the century, factories closed and jobs were lost, causing Toledo to lose people. Its population in the year 2020 was 270,871.

The economy of Toledo is still based on factories and industry. Car assembly, glass, iron ore, oil refining, and solar panels are important parts of the area economy and provide many jobs. Also, many warehouses and trucking companies are in Toledo because of its location in the midwestern United States.

A large port on the Maumee River handles a variety of cargo, such as iron ore, grain, salt, and industrial equipment. It is the 5th largest port on the Great Lakes.

Toledo has many highways and railroads. Travelers can use interstate highways, Amtrak passenger trains, or the major airport near Detroit to get in and out of the area. Toledo is within a five-hour drive of major cities such as Toronto, Chicago, Columbus, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Indianapolis, and Cincinnati.

Toledo is well known for minor league sports. Teams such as the Mud Hens (baseball) and Walleye (hockey) draw many fans each year. The city is also very proud of its zoo, art museum, and parks, all of which are ranked among the best in the country.

Certain things are well known as being from Toledo, such as the famous restaurant Tony Packo's (made famous in the TV show M*A*S*H) and the Jeep brand of automobiles.

Toledo has a humid continental climate ("Dfa" in the Köppen climate classification). This means that the city experiences all four seasons and the weather has differences in temperature and rain/snowfall through the year.

In the Winter, Toledo gets about three feet of snow through the season, and it can sometimes get very cold air from the north. In the Spring, it gets warmer and a lot of rain can fall. The Summer in Toledo can be hot and humid, with strong storms. Fall is more pleasant, with cooler winds and less rain.


The Carpenters

The Carpenters were an American musical duo. The members were Richard Carpenter and his sister Karen. Starting in 1969, the duo had many popular songs including "We've Only Just Begun", "Close to You", "Sing", "Rainy Days and Mondays", "Calling Occupants of Interplanetary Craft" and others. They continued until Karen's death in 1983 of bulimia in Downey, California. They sold over 100 million albums. 




Jerry Reed

Jerry Reed (March 20, 1937 – September 1, 2008) was an American country music singer and actor. Best known for his songs "Amos Moses", "When You're Hot You're Hot" and "Eastbound and Down", he also acted in several movies including "Smokey and the Bandit" and "The Waterboy". He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He died in Nashville, Tennessee due to complications from emphysema.

1990

1990 (MCMXC) was .









































Bee Gees

The Bee Gees were a British–Australian pop group. For most of its history, the band consisted of three brothers all of whom were born on the Isle of Man, a British Crown dependency. The brothers, Barry Gibb (born 1 September 1946), and twins Maurice Gibb (22 December 1949 – 12 January 2003) and Robin Gibb (22 December 1949 – 20 May 2012), started singing at a young age when living in Manchester. In the late 1960s, the band briefly expanded to include Australian born Vince Melouney and Colin Petersen. When the band reformed after splitting in 1969, Australian born Geoff Bridgford briefly became a member. The Bee Gees existed for almost 40 years They are most famous for their album, "Saturday Night Fever", the soundtrack for the movie of the same name. They stopped performing after Maurice died. The two other brothers reunited as a duo in 2009. In 2012 Robin died. They had a younger brother, Andy Gibb (1958–1988), who was also a singer.

The Gibb brothers were born on the Isle of Man, then lived in Manchester, England, before moving to Australia in 1958. It was in Australia that the Bee Gees' band was formed. In January 1967, the Gibb brothers returned to England where their band the Bee Gees started to become internationally famous. In 1967, Colin Petersen and Vince Melouney joined the band but by the end the decade both had left and the brothers themselves had briefly gone their separate ways, only to reform in 1970. Between 1970 and 1972, Geoff Bridgford was a member of the Bee Gees. In 1975, the brothers relocated to the United States.


Improverts

The Improverts are an improvised comedy group based in Edinburgh, Scotland. They are a part of the Edinburgh University Theatre Company. Their home is the Bedlam Theatre. It has been their home since they were created 18 years ago. The group is similar to "Who's Line is it Anyway?", Comedy Store Players, and Keith Johnstone in that they use short improvised games. 

They have taken part in the Edinburgh Fringe Festival almost every year since they were formed. Also they have played every Friday night during the school year (as their main audience is Edinburgh University students). 

Because they are always in Bedlam Theatre, the theatre technicians improvise the sounds, music and lights along with the scenes the performers are doing. The sounds can be loud and annoying at times. The technicians show off their very big iTunes library of songs and sound effects. British 80's children's programmes' themes are a favourite of theirs.

Past players have gone on to many different things. They have created an improv group in London, joined the Stand Players' "Who's Lunch is it anyway" free improv show at Edinburgh's The Stand comedy venue and become successful stand up comedians. Some have starred in British sitcoms, television dramas, movies and popular children's programmes 

Taipei 101

Taipei 101 () is a 101-floor building in Taipei, Taiwan. In 2004, it replaced the Willis Tower (which used to be called the Sears Tower) as the tallest completed building in the world. However, in 2010, it was surpassed by the Burj Khalifa in Dubai.

Taipei 101 holds records for:

Taipei 101 does not hold the record for tallest building from ground to pinnacle. The Willis Tower has two television antennas on top of it, making its height from the ground to the top of the taller antenna 527 m (1,729 ft).

Taipei 101 is the recognized symbol of Taipei city, it brings a lot of tourists every day. The location of Taipei 101 is at the southern end of the Xinyi District, the newest area of Taipei city. Besides the tower, the base of the building houses includes a multi-level shopping mall, food court, various restaurants and stores, and an global grocery store. Every New Year's Eve, Taipei 101 is host to an impressive fireworks display that attracts people from all over Taiwan and other neighboring countries like Japan and Singapore to the area.

The Taipei 101 Observatory is open every day from 9AM to 10PM. The observatory is spread over 4 floors where visitors can enjoy the fantastic scenery and learn about the engineering marvel that is Taipei 101, the tallest green building in the world. Visitors can buy the tickets on the 5F Taipei 101 Mall, the general ticket costs NT$500 per each and the student ticket (with valid ID) costs NT$450 per each, all children (under 115 cm) are free. After purchasing the tickets, visitors may take the Guinness World Record breaking high-speed elevator to the observatory on the 89TH floor.

The 88th floor is the Beauty of Taiwan Multimedia Corridor, Super Big Wind Damper, Treasure Sky, the hallway connecting the two decks is designed to setting the natural beauty of Taiwan, providing 270-degree views of well-known scenic locations in Taiwan, leading to the engineering marvel known as a wind damper, a 5.5 meters diameter, 660 ton weight suspended within the building to offset the force of wind and help 101 stand upright. Also included is Treasury Sky, a collection of unique jewel crafts.

The 89th floor is the Indoor Observatory, visitors can learn about the design process and construction of Taipei 101 and other similar large-scale building projects around the world, including a free audio tour in eleven languages, as well as high-powered field glasses, snacks, and professional photography service.

The 91st floor is an outdoor Observatory. The outdoor observatory is accessible by stairs from the 89th floor. From the outside, it's possible to view the spire at the 508-meter-high apex, but tourists need to be careful of the strong winds. Inside the building, on the 91F, is a small theater showcasing films about the building and the annual New Year fireworks display. The 91st floor is only open on days with good weather conditions.

Taipei 101 has some of the most modern safety security of anything ever built, requiring a challenging combination of strength and flexibility, which allow it to withstand winds up to 216 km/h (134 mph), and earthquakes of a magnitude of 9.0. It has higher safer ratings than Taiwan’s nuclear power plants.

The "double stairstep" design reduce the potentially dangerous oscillations caused by high winds by about 30-40%, allowing the structure to stand, even under the force of relentless typhoons. And by now, they’ve become a recognizable design element of the structure. 


Sergio Aragonés

Sergio Aragonés Domenech (; born September 6, 1937) is a popular cartoonist. He was born in Spain and grew up in Mexico. He is most famous for his cartoons for "MAD Magazine" and the comic book "Groo the Wanderer".

Lisa Bonet

Lisa Bonet (born Lisa Michelle Bonet; November 16, 1967), also known as Lilakoi Moon, is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Denise Huxtable on television series, "The Cosby Show" and "A Different World". She was also married to singer Lenny Kravitz from 1987 to 1993. She is of African American and Ashkenazi Jewish descent.

Tobacco

Tobacco is a product prepared from the leaves of the tobacco plant by curing them. The plant is part of the genus "Nicotiana" and of the Solanaceae (nightshade) family. It is used as a drug, mostly by inhaling the smoke of, but also by using snuff or chewing. People use cigarettes, cigars, and pipe to make tobacco smoke. Tobacco contains the chemical nicotine, which causes pleasure as a stimulant drug. It also causes addiction — after people start using nicotine, it is difficult to stop. Tobacco use can cause diseases, such as many types of cancer.

Native Americans used tobacco before Europeans arrived in the Americas. The earliest know use of tobacco comes from nicotine residue from a pipe in the Southeastern United States. It is Radiocarbon dated at 1685-1530 BC. Europeans in the Americas began to smoke and brought it back to Europe, where it became fashionable. At that time tobacco was usually smoked in a pipe. 
The Europeans who moved to America started to farm tobacco so that they could sell it in Europe. This became one of the main causes of the African slave trade. In 1610 a European man called John Rolfe arrived in the American state of Virginia and set up a tobacco farm which made him very rich. Rolfe was the first non-native farmer to use "nicotiana tabacum", which is the type of tobacco most commonly smoked today. 

In the 17th and 18th centuries tobacco made farmers very rich and towns quickly grew in the states of Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina. In 1883 one third of United States tax money came from tobacco.

In 1864 the first American tobacco factory opened to produce 20 million cigarettes annually. By 1964 the cigarette contained over 500 added chemicals. Today tobacco manufacturers are still not required by law to list the 500+ ingredients.

Tobacco users (especially those who inhale) and people around them (with passive inhalers) risk many very serious and often deadly illnesses, such as cancer, strokes, heart disease, and lung disease. The United States' Centers for Disease Control and Prevention describes tobacco use as "the single most important preventable risk to human health in developed countries and an important cause of premature (early) death worldwide". There are over 4800 chemicals in tobacco, including arsenic. Sixty-four of them are known to cause cancer. Smoking can also make men lose erections, and make their penises a bit smaller. Tobbaco however has been used as a cure for Alzheimer's and the nicotine in tobbaco has been used to treat ADHD.

Jerusalem

Jerusalem (; ; ) is one of the oldest cities in the world that people have lived in continuously. It is important to many major religions. Jews consider Jerusalem a holy city because it was their religious and political center during Biblical times and was the place where the Temple of God stood. Christians consider Jerusalem holy because many events in the life of Jesus took place there. Muslims believe that Muhammad rose to heaven from Jerusalem, and the Al-Aqsa Mosque is the first Qibla of Muslims after Mecca.

Jerusalem is the capital city of both Palestine and Israel, under their laws. Most other countries disagree. Most countries have their embassies with Israel in Tel Aviv.

Jerusalem is about 40 miles (64 kilometers) east of the Mediterranean Sea. It is a hilly city with many valleys around it.

Jerusalem is a very old city. It has great importance for three religions: Judaism, Christianity and Islam. The Bible says King David, the second king of Israel, took this city from pagans and settled his palace there. King Solomon, David's son and the next king, built the Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem. Later, as capital of Judah, Jerusalem was destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar II, the king of Babylon. The Palace of King David and the Temple of Solomon were burned, and the Jews were captured and taken to Babylon. Seventy years later, the Persian King Cyrus allowed them to return to Jerusalem and to rebuild the Temple.

Later the area was occupied by Romans. King Herod the Great, who ruled for the Roman Emperor, made the Temple larger to try and win Jewish favor. The Temple was famous for its greatness and beauty.

Jesus died in Jerusalem around 33 CE. In 70 CE, the Jews rebelled against the Romans, but the Romans destroyed the city and the Temple. Jewish people who lived in Jerusalem were caught and became slaves. The Romans renamed Jerusalem with a Latin name. Since then, the Temple has not been rebuilt, and only a part of its wall remains until today.

After the Roman Empire was split into two, the Byzantine Empire ruled Jerusalem. Later, Muslims took over the city from them. The Muslims believed Muhammad went to heaven from Jerusalem.

Later, the Pope in Rome sent the Crusaders from Western Europe to try and take Jerusalem back. They succeeded for a while, but eventually the city fell again to the Saracens. Until the 20th century, Jerusalem was a part of the Ottoman Empire. There were some Jews in Jerusalem all along, even though they were ruled by other people.

The "New City" of Jerusalem is the part outside the old stone walls. People started building the new city in the 1800s. Mishkenot Sha'annanim, Mea Shearim, and the Bukharan Quarter are some of the first neighborhoods in the new city.

After World War I, the Ottoman Empire had been defeated. In June 1922, the League of Nations approved the British Mandate of Palestine. This gave control of the area to the United Kingdom. The land west of the Jordan River was known as Palestine. It was under direct British control until 1948. The land east of the Jordan River was known as Transjordan, and was governed by the Hashemite family. Transjordan gained independence in 1946.

The mandate in Palestine ended at midnight on 14 May 1948. On the next day, the 1948 Arab–Israeli War began. Israel declared independence, the West Bank was annexed by Jordan, and Egypt took control of the Gaza Strip.

In 1949, at the end of the first Arab-Israeli War, Jerusalem was divided between Israel and Jordan. Israel controlled the western part of the city. Jordan controlled the eastern section, including the Old City, a walled section of Jerusalem dating from Biblical times. Israel took control of the entire city during the Six-Day War in 1967.

Jerusalem today is claimed by the state of Israeli as its capital. The United Nations does not agree to Israel saying that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel.

Jerusalem has been sacred to Judaism for roughly 3000 years, to Christianity for around 2000 years, and to Islam for approximately 1400 years. The 2000 Statistical Yearbook of Jerusalem lists 1204 synagogues, 158 churches, and 73 mosques within the city. Despite efforts to maintain peaceful religious coexistence, some sites, such as the Temple Mount, have been a continuous source of friction and controversy.

According to Jewish tradition, Jerusalem is where God told the patriarch Abraham to sacrifice his son, Isaac, to Him. The Jews built the Temple, the centre of Jewish worship in ancient times, at the site of Abraham's sacrifice on the Temple Mount in the Old City. Two buildings, one after the other, the First Temple and the Second Temple, stood at the site. The First Temple housed the Ark of the Covenant, a sacred box holding the tablets inscribed with the Ten Commandments.

The Western Wall is a part of the Second Temple and Judaism's most sacred shrine. It is a stone wall that strengthened the western side of the Temple Mount in ancient times. The wall is sometimes called the Wailing Wall because of the sad prayers Jewish people said there to mourn the destroyed Temple.

Other sites in the city that are sacred to the Jews include King David's tomb on Mount Zion, and the Jewish Cemetery and the Tombs of the Prophets on the Mount of Olives, a hill just east of the Old City. Many sites associated with Biblical figures are sacred to Christians, too.

Many monasteries, convents, shrines, and religious seminaries in Jerusalem mark events in the life of Jesus and in the formation of the Christian Church. According to the Bible, Jesus taught in Jerusalem and performed numerous miracles there. The Last Supper supposedly took place in a room known as the Cenacle (also called Coenaculum) on Mount Zion. The Church of the Holy Sepulcher in the Old City is said to be the place of Jesus's Crucifixion (called Calvary or Golgotha), as well as His burial and resurrection. Several Christian sects own the church, which was originally built by Constantine the Great, then rebuilt and dedicated by the Crusaders in 1149 CE. The building stands at the end of the Via Dolorosa (Way of Sorrows), believed to be the path over which Jesus carried His cross to Calvary. Jesus was last seen by His followers on the Mount of Olives before He went up to heaven. All of these sites attract many religious pilgrims each year.

Jerusalem is Islam's third holiest city, after Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia. According to Muslim tradition, Muhammad originally selected Jerusalem as the qibla: the direction Muslims should face during prayer. However, he later told his followers to face Mecca instead of Jerusalem when praying. Muhammad is said to have gone up to heaven from a stone now covered by a golden-domed shrine called the Dome of the Rock. The Dome of the Rock and the ancient Al-Aqsa Mosque are among the holiest sites in Islam. They are the main buildings on the Temple Mount, which Muslims call "Haram al-Sharif" (Noble Sanctuary).

Jerusalem's architecture is a mixture of old and new. The Old City contains architectural examples from each major period in the city's history. Many ancient historical sites and places of worship stand near modern shopping centers and industrial zones. Architecture from the late 1800s and early 1900s shows European influences. Usefulness rather than style characterizes new apartment buildings constructed by the government as housing for immigrants. Many buildings, old and new, have matching exteriors because all construction is required to be faced with a cream-colored limestone called Jerusalem stone, produced by nearby quarries.

Belz Beis HaMedrash HaGadol is the largest synagogue in Jerusalem.








Rocky Mountains

The Rocky Mountains (often called The Rockies) are a range of mountains in the western United States and Canada. They stretch from the northernmost part of British Columbia, in western Canada, to New Mexico, in the southwestern United States. Part of the mountain range in Colorado is a national park, called Rocky Mountain National Park. The Rocky Mountains are more than 3,000 miles long (4,800 kilometers). 
The highest point in the Rocky Mountains is Mt. Elbert. Mt. Elbert is 14,433 ft tall (4,401m).

The Rocky Mountains are relatively new, formed from 55 million to 80 million years ago (mya) during the Laramide orogeny. North America began to move westwards as Pangaea broke up. A number of tectonic plates began to slide under the North American plate. The angle of subduction was shallow, resulting in a broad belt of mountains running down western North America. Since then, further tectonic activity and erosion by glaciers has sculpted the Rockies into dramatic peaks and valleys. 

The rocks in the Rocky Mountains were formed long before the mountains were raised. The oldest rock is Precambrian metamorphic rock that forms the core of the North American continent. There is also Precambrian sedimentary argillite, dating back to 1.7 billion years ago. During the Paleozoic, western North America lay underneath a shallow sea, which deposited many kilometers of limestone and dolomite.

In the southern Rocky Mountains, near present-day Colorado, these ancestral rocks were disturbed by mountain building about 300 mya, during the Pennsylvanian. This mountain building produced the ancestral Rocky Mountains. They consisted largely of Precambrian metamorphic rock forced upward through layers of the limestone. The limestone had been laid down in a shallow sea. The mountains eroded throughout the late Paleozoic and early Mesozoic, leaving extensive deposits of sedimentary rock.

Brooklyn

Brooklyn is one of the five boroughs of New York City. It also covers the same area as Kings County. Brooklyn is New York City's second largest borough in land area (after Queens). 
As of 2020, about 2.7 million people live there. This is more than in any of the other four boroughs.

Brooklyn is the west end of Long Island. The East River separates it from Manhattan in the north. Brooklyn's only land boundary is with Queens in the east. Jamaica Bay separates Brooklyn from Rockaway in the south. The Narrows separates Brooklyn from Staten Island in the west. 

Coney Island is the south end of Brooklyn. The Brooklyn Museum is near the middle of Brooklyn, near Prospect Park.

Brooklyn is named after a Dutch town called "Breukelen". Dutch people were the first people from Europe to live in the area. When they got there, there were already some Native American people living there called the Lenape. The Dutch started the town in 1634 as part of the colony of New Netherland.

During the 19th century Brooklyn expanded and filled Kings County. It remained a separate city before the people there voted to join New York City in 1898. Today, many parts of Brooklyn are home to people who are mostly from one culture or ethnicity. Other parts are mixed.

The Brooklyn Bridge is old and famous. It goes over the East River and connects Downtown Brooklyn to Lower Manhattan. The longest bridge in New York, the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge in Bay Ridge connects Brooklyn to Staten Island.

Cornish language

Cornish (Cornish: Kernewek) is a very old language from Cornwall in the southwest of England. Cornish is a Celtic language and is very similar to Welsh and is related to Gaelic.

A long time ago, Cornish was the only language spoken in Cornwall, but more and more people began to speak English, instead of Cornish. In 1550, when the prayer book was written in English instead of Latin, the Cornish people got angry and there was a rebellion. Because many Cornish-speakers died and they would now hear the Bible in English, Cornish was used less and less.

By 1800, only a few people could speak Cornish, and since no one spoke it to one another any more, Cornish became endangered.

People say that a woman called Dolly Pentreath was the last person who could speak Cornish. That is not quite true, but she was one of the last people to use it instead of English.

Cornish started to diverge from Welsh towards the end of the 7th century AD and the earliest known examples of written Cornish date from the end of the 9th century AD. These were in the form of glosses scribbled in the margins of a Latin text –Smaragdus' Commentary on Donatus. 

Derived from the Brythonic languages, the Cornish language has common roots with both Breton and Welsh. The words 'Cornwall' and 'Cornish' are derived from the Celtic Cornovii tribe who inhabited modern-day Cornwall prior to the Roman conquest.

Some people learned about Cornish by traveling around talking to people who could still speak it and by reading old plays and books. Some people wanted to learn the language and speak it and so in 1904 a learned man, Henry Jenner, wrote a book to help people. Some people then began to learn the language and speak it again.

No one knows how many Cornish-speakers there are now. People think that about 300 people probably speak Cornish. Some young people have grown up speaking it. Most people in Cornwall know a few sentences or words in Cornish. In 100 years, Cornish has grown from almost no speakers to many thousands, which is very exciting for many people.

There are now many new books, films and songs in Cornish. The Bible has now been translated into Cornish. There is an event, the open Gorseth, with a story and poetry competition. Sometimes, Cornish is used in churches.

There used to be a problem with Cornish: three different dictionaries had different spellings, and people did not agree about how to write words or say them. That was confusing for people when they have not been speaking for long. In 2008, people who used different types of Cornish came together and agreed on a new standard form of Cornish to be used everywhere.



Welsh

Welsh could mean many different things:

Welsh could also mean:

Places in the United States (US)

People

Watergate scandal

The Watergate scandal was a serious scandal during and after the 1972 presidential election. 

A United States President, Richard Nixon was running for election against Democrat George McGovern. Afterwards, Frank Wills, a security guard, discovered clues that former FBI and CIA agents broke into the offices of the Democratic Party and George McGovern months before the election. They secretly listened to phone lines and stole several important documents. 

When these men were found, they were discovered to have been associated with Nixon. He had helped them cover all the evidence of the scandal, and may have even hired the men to begin with. "The Washington Post" was a newspaper which played a big role in exposing the misdoings, specifically aided by reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. This showed the public that Nixon was not as trustworthy as he seemed.

Nixon chose to resign from office on August 9, 1974 because he wished not to be impeached. This means that he might have been charged with crimes. The U.S. Congress could not impeach him if he resigned. After this, Gerald Ford became his vice-president because Spiro T. Agnew (Nixon's first vice-president) had to resign as well after unrelated charges of accepting bribes and avoiding taxes. Ford then became the President by default of Nixon using his power under the 25th Amendment to the U.S Constitution. Ford pardoned Nixon for all of his crimes later on. The name "Watergate" comes from the hotel in Washington, D.C. where the first crime and break in took place, and is often associated with political scandals.


Cyan

Cyan is the color halfway between blue and green on the color wheel. It is one of the primary (main) colors of ink in an inkjet printer, along with black, yellow and magenta.

Cyan is a secondary color of light, along with magenta and yellow. The primary colors of light are: blue, red and green. Cyan is made by mixing green and blue light.

Cyan is the opposite of red and is halfway between green and blue.


Purple

Purple is a color that is made of two primary colors, blue and red.

The first written use of "purple" as a color name in English was in 975.


These Tyrian purple colors, all of which are also shown in the color chart above, show the original purple of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. The color "imperial" shown below was made by mixing Tyrian purple with indigo dye.


La Liga Filipina

La Liga Filipina was a political group created by Doctor Jose Rizal on July 3, 1892 in the Philippines. The aims were:


Jose Rizal tried very hard to make it a peaceful group. But the Spanish authorities considered it dangerous. On the night of July 7, 1892, Rizal was secretly arrested four days after its creation. The following day, Governor-General Eulogio Despujol ordered Rizal to be deported to Dapitan.

After Rizal's arrest, La Liga Filipina became inactive. Then it was reorganized by Domingo Franco and Andres Bonifacio. The society broke apart into two separate groups: the Cuerpo de Compromisarios which promised to continue supporting the La Solidaridad in Spain and the Katipunan in the Philippines.

March 31

It is the last day of the first quarter of the year.












Elton John

Sir Elton Hercules John (birth name Reginald Kenneth Dwight, born 25 March 1947) is a retired English singer, songwriter, pianist and composer. He started his music career immediately after leaving school. Elton John was the biggest music star of the 1970s.

Reginald Kenneth Dwight was born at 55 Pinner Hill Road, Pinner, Middlesex. He is the eldest child of Stanley Dwight and Sheila Eileen. He was educated in Pinner.

John became famous in the early 1970s when he and lyricist Bernie Taupin wrote several songs which he performed and recorded. John became a huge star, not only for his musical abilities, but for his flamboyant stage personality. He composed several musicals. He also composed the music for the animated movies "The Lion King" (1994) and "The Road to El Dorado" (2000). He is active in charity work. In 1997, in honor of Diana, Princess of Wales, John co-wrote and released a version of his hit "Candle in the Wind". That became the world's best-selling single of all time. It sold 37 million copies within two months.

Outside of music, John has raised millions of pounds for people living with HIV and AIDS through the "Elton John AIDS Foundation".

John has received the following awards:




John has had treatment for alcoholism, drug abuse and bulimia nervosa. In 1984, he was married to Renate Blauel.
In 2005, John entered a civil partnership with David Furnish. They had been together for over 16 years. On 21 December 2014, John and Furnish married. Guests at their wedding included English former footballer David Beckham along with his wife Victoria Beckham and their younger sons and their daughter. Their eldest son, who is also John's godson, was not present.

The Who

The Who are an English rock band formed in 1964. The main lineup from 1964 to 1978 was guitarist Pete Townshend, vocalist Roger Daltrey, bassist John Entwistle and drummer Keith Moon. They became known for their high energy live shows. The Who have sold about 100 million records. Many people think that The Who are the greatest live band of all time.

The Who rose to fame in the United Kingdom with a series of top ten hit singles including: "I Can't Explain", "The Kids Are Alright", "My Generation", "Who Are You", and "Love Reign O'er Me". The albums "My Generation", "A Quick One" and "The Who Sell Out" followed. Their fame grew with memorable shows at the Monterey Pop and Woodstock music festivals. "Tommy," released in 1969, was the first in a series of top ten albums in the United States.

Keith Moon died in 1978. The band released two more studio albums with drummer Kenney Jones before disbanding in 1983. They re-formed at events such as Live Aid and for reunion tours such as their 25th anniversary tour and the Quadrophenia tours of 1996 and 1997. In 2002 planning for recording an album of new material was put on hold after John Entwistle's death at the age of 57. Townshend and Daltrey continued to perform as The Who and in 2006 they released the studio album titled "Endless Wire."

The Who were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990.



Led Zeppelin

Led Zeppelin was an English rock band. The group was started in 1968 and broke up in 1980. The members were Robert Plant (vocals), Jimmy Page (lead guitar), John Paul Jones (bass), and John Bonham (drums). Led Zeppelin ended in 1980 after the accidental death of John Bonham. After Bonham's death, the band believed that nobody could take his place and decided not to continue. The band played together again in a tribute concert in London on 10 December 2007 with Jason Bonham, John's son, playing the drums. The band is one of the most influential rock bands of all time and one of the most successful music artists in history, selling 300 million albums around the world.




Closed source

Closed source (or proprietary software) means computer programs whose source code is not published. The source code is not shared with the public for anyone to look at or change. Closed source is the opposite of open source. 

Most companies who sell their software for money make it closed source so people cannot easily change it or copy it for free.
Even some who give their software for free do not show the source code, because they think it looks bad, or that somebody will change the authors' names to their own (a kind of plagiarism) without making the program better. Some programs called “freeware” are given away for free, but they are not the same as free software that anyone can do whatever they want with.

USB flash drive

A USB flash drive (USB stands for "Universal Serial Bus") is a popular way to store digital information. Flash drives are an easy way to share data (information). A USB flash drive can be attached to a USB port, and provides a certain amount of storage space, which can be used to store data. USB flash drives are used with devices found in homes, workplaces and schools. Below are some examples of these devices:

They are called "flash drive" because they use flash memory to store files. Flash memory is a type of computer chip. The first flash drives had 8 megabytes of storage. Each year, larger flash drives will become available. In April 2012, 256 gigabyte flash drives were introduced to the market.

Other common names for a flash drive include jumpdrive, pendrive, thumbdrive or simply USB.

USB flash drives have some advantages over other portable storage devices. They are physically much smaller and more rugged than floppy disks. They can read data faster, and store more data than floppy disks. Floppy disks have become obsolete when the price of USBs has become cheaper.

Flash drives are used to store any type of data file, or to move data from one computer to another. USB flash drives have a lot of storage space. It is often easier to use a flash drive than to carry many CD-ROMs. Some computer programs can be run from a USB flash drive. These special versions of programs are called "portable" versions.

Computer administrators, or people who manage the computer systems, sometimes use flash drives. Sometimes flash drives are also used to run a computer virus scanner. They are often used to repair a computer system that was damaged or faulty.

Police in the cyber division can use flash drives to take evidence.

Most computers today can boot from a USB drive. Special operating systems can run from a bootable flash drive. They are called Live USB versions.

Many companies make small digital audio players (usually called an mp3 player). These are actually flash drives that can make sound. Examples include the Creative MuVo and the iPod shuffle. Some of these players are real USB flash drives as well as music players; others just play music.

Many of the smallest players are powered by a permanently fitted rechargeable battery. The battery power can be charged from the USB port.

Digital audio files can be moved from one computer to another. The files can be played on a software media player. Many home and car music systems have a USB port. A USB flash drive can be connected to play music files.

Music artists have sold or given away USB flash drives. The first time this happened was in 2004—the German band WIZO released the "Stick EP", only as a USB drive. It contained five high quality MP3s; it also included a video, pictures, lyrics, and guitar tablature.

Since then, artists including Kanye West, Nine Inch Nails and Ayumi Hamasaki have released music and promotional material on USB flash drives.

In the arcade game "In the Groove" and "In The Groove 2", flash drives are used to transfer high scores, screenshots, dance edits, and combos throughout sessions. In later versions, players can also store custom songs and play them on any machine on which this feature is enabled. While use of flash drives is common, the drive must be Linux compatible, causing problems for some players.

In the arcade games "Pump it Up NX2" and "Pump it Up NX Absolute", a specially produced flash drive is used as a "save file" for unlocked songs, as well as progressing in the WorldMax and Brain Shower sections of the game.

In the arcade game "Dance Dance Revolution X", a special USB flash drive was made by Konami, letting players link the Sony PlayStation 2 version.

Flash drives are very cheap to produce. So, they are sometimes used to promote a product. At most technical trade fairs, many exhibitors will promote their products by giving away free drives.

In other situations, they may be sold at less than wholesale price, or included as a bonus with another product.

Usually, such drives will be stamped with a company's logo, as a form of advertising .

The drive may be blank drive, or already have documents or software loaded on to it. These are called preloaded drives.

Some preloaded drives are read-only, but most can be used as a normal flash drive.

The large memory size of newer flash drives means that they are increasingly being used for short term backup of data.
For example, one retail till system uses a Flash drive to record details of all of the sales for that day. The drive is used as a backup medium. At the close of business each night, the drive is inserted, and a database backup is saved to the drive. The drive is removed at night and taken offsite.

USB flash drives have replaced a number of other storage technologies, because they are easier to use. The replaced media include:
This photograph shows both sides of the printed circuit board (PCB) inside a typical flash drive (circa 2004). The flash drive in this photograph is a 64 MB USB 2.0 device with its plastic case removed.

One end of the device is fitted with a single type-A USB connector. Inside the plastic casing is a small, highly cost-engineered, printed circuit board. Mounted on this board is some simple power circuitry and a small number of surface-mounted integrated circuits (ICs). Typically, one of these ICs provides an interface to the USB port, another drives the onboard memory, and the other is the flash memory.

Most computers support USB.

Flash drives are quite . They are not damaged by scratches and dust. This makes them a good choice to move data from one place to another.

Some flash drives can keep the data, even if they are put in water. Some data may even survive the washing machine, but this is not a designed feature, and people should not rely on it. Leaving the flash drive out to dry completely before allowing current to run through it has been known to result in a working drive with no future problems.

Channel Five's "Gadget Show" cooked a flash drive with propane; froze it with dry ice; submerged it in various acidic liquids; ran over it with a jeep and fired it against a wall with a mortar. A company specializing in recovering lost data from computer drives then managed to recover all the data on the drive. All data on the other removable storage devices tested, using optical or magnetic technologies, were destroyed.

Flash drives are available in large sizes. Currently at the start of 2020, the largest size publicly available is 2 terabytes. This will increase as the technology gets better.

Flash drives use little power, compared to hard drives and have no moving parts. They are small and easy to carry.

Most modern operating systems can use a flash drive, without the need to install special software. To most operating systems, the flash drive looks like a hard drive. The operating system can use any file system. Some computers can start from a flash drive.

Flash memory has a limited life. Data can only be written to and read from a device a few thousand times. People should keep this in mind when they use a flash drive to run application software or an operating system. To address this, as well as space limitations, some developers have produced special versions of operating systems (such as Linux in Live USB) or commonplace applications (such as Mozilla Firefox) designed to run from flash drives.

Flash drives are small and are easily lost or left behind. This can cause problems of data security.

Flash drives can hold a large amount of information and they are used worldwide. Many users store information on them that is personal, or that should be protected. For this reason, more and more flash drives offer biometrics or encryption to control the access to this data. Users can install passwords on to their flash drives so that when a user tries to open it, the computer prompts the user, to enter a password before they can begin using the device. There are a number of free and open source programs which can be used to encrypt data including TrueCrypt, pgpdisk and FreeOTFE. These programs have proved useful in securing data on flash drives.

Most USB flash drives are dumb devices that hold data. However, like other storage devices, they can carry computer viruses. Bootable flash drives, like other boot devices, can easily spread them. Some such devices also have a controller chip comparable to an embedded system. In other words, the drive is a fully functional computer, which can transmit data as it wants. There have been cases where controller chips were manipulated, and spread malware.

Some drives with a controller chip encrypt the data, with a secure algorithm, such as AES. In many cases, it was easy to decrypt the data, even without knowing the decryption key, because the implementation was not done properly.

Because of the issues above, and because the use of USB devices is difficult to monitor, many companies no longer allow USB devices.

Ostrich

The ostrich ("Struthio camelus") is a large flightless bird that lives in Africa. They are the largest living bird species, and have the biggest eggs of all living birds. Ostriches do not fly, but can run faster than any other bird.

They are ratites, a useful grouping of medium to large flightless birds. Ostriches have the biggest eyes of all land animals.

Ostriches have long legs and a long neck, but they have a small head. Male ostriches have black feathers and female ostriches have gray and brown feathers. Both males and females have white feathers on their wings and tails.
Male ostriches can be 1.8 - 2.7 meters / 6 – 9 feet tall, while female ostriches are 1.7 – 2 meters / 5.5 - 6.5 ft tall. They can run with a speed of about 65 kilometers per hour/40 miles per hour.
Ostriches now only live in Africa. They live in open grassland called savanna in the Sahel, and in parts of East Africa and south-west Africa. Some ostriches live in areas of the Sahara desert. There used to be ostriches in Middle East in the 20th century, but these went extinct in 1960 in Jordan.

Ostriches mainly eat plant matter, but they also eat insects. The plant matter consists of seeds, shrubs, grass, fruits and flowers while the insects they eat include locusts. Ostriches do not have teeth, and so cannot grind food as mammals do. Instead, they swallow pebbles. An adult ostrich carries about 1 kilogram (2.2 lb) of stones in its gizzard, a special sac just before the stomach. The pebbles grind the food, and help its digestion. When eating, their gullet is filled with food. After that, the food is passed down their esophagus in the form of a ball called a bolus. The bolus may be as much as 210 ml (7.1 US fl oz). Ostriches can live without drinking for several days.

Ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone. During breeding season and sometimes during extreme rainless periods Ostriches live in nomadic groups of five to 50 birds (led by a top hen) that often travel together with other grazing animals, such as zebras or antelopes.

With their acute eyesight and hearing, Ostriches can sense predators such as lions from far away. When being pursued by a predator, they have been known to reach speeds in excess of , and can maintain a steady speed of , which makes the Ostrich the world's fastest two-legged animal. When lying down and hiding from predators, the birds lay their heads and necks flat on the ground, making them appear as a mound of earth from a distance. This even works for the males, as they hold their wings and tail low so that the heat haze of the hot, dry air that often occurs in their habitat aids in making them appear as a nondescript dark lump.

Ostriches can tolerate a wide range of temperatures. In much of their habitat, temperatures vary as much as between night and day. Their temperature control mechanism relies on action by the bird, which uses its wings to cover the naked skin of the upper legs and flanks to conserve heat, or leaves these areas bare to release heat.

Ostriches become sexually adults when they are 2 to 4 years old; females are adults about six months younger than males. The mating process differs in different places. Territorial males hiss and use other sounds to claim mating rights over a harem of two to seven hens.

Fights usually last just minutes, but the ostriches can kill each other by slamming their heads into opponents. The winning male will then mates with all the females in the area, but he will only form a pair bond with the dominant female.

The females lay their eggs in one shared nest, a pit dug into the ground, deep and wide. The male ostrich digs the pit. The dominant female lays her eggs first, and when it is time to cover them to keep them warm, she pushes the eggs from the weakest females out. Most of the time, she leaves about 20 in most cases.

Ostrich eggs are the largest of all eggs (and the yolk is the largest single cell), but they are actually the smallest eggs relative to the size of the adult bird. — on average they are long, wide, and weigh , over 20 times the weight of a chicken egg. The eggs are incubated by the females by day and by the males by night. This uses the colouration of the two sexes to escape detection of the nest, as the drab female blends in with the sand, while the black male is nearly undetectable in the night. The incubation period is 35 to 45 days.

Males and females cooperate in rearing chicks. The male defends the hatchlings and teaches them to feed. The survival rate is low for the hatchlings, with an average of one per nest surviving to adulthood.

When threatened, the ostrich will either hide itself by lying flat against the ground, or will run away. If cornered, it can attack with a kick from its powerful legs. Common predators of nests and young ostriches include jackals, various birds of prey, mongoose and vultures. Animals that prey on ostriches of all ages include cheetahs, lions, leopards, african dogs, and spotted hyena. Ostriches can often outrun their predators in a pursuit and can even outpace cheetahs over long distances. However, they may sometimes fight fiercely against predators, especially when chicks are being defended. They have sometimes killed lions in such fights.

There is no doubt that the ratites are not a monophyletic group, because they are not descended from a single ancestor. That means the taxonomy of the group is going to change, and they will not all be placed in the Order Struthioniformes as they have been. However, as ornothologists have not yet agreed on a new classification, for the time being the useful term 'ratites' is still used.

Ostriches are likely to be placed alone in the order Struthioniformes. They have a number of peculiarities which suggest a separate evolution from the rest of the ratites. They lack a gallbladder. They have three stomachs, and the caecum is long. Unlike all other living birds, the Ostrich secretes uric acid separately from faeces. Unlike all other birds, who store the uric acid and faeces together, and excrete them together, ostriches store the faeces at the end of their rectum. They also have unique pubic bones that are fused to hold their gut. Unlike most birds the males have a penis, which is retractable and long. Their palate (bone on the roof of the mouth) differs from other ratites.

Ostriches are farmed in several countries. They used to be prized for their feathers, but are now farmed for their meat and eggs. Their skin can also be used to make leather.

In South Africa, hunters can get one group of feathers from one wild ostrich. When they are farmed, every seven or eight months farmers can take groups of feathers from the ostriches. They will grow back and can be collected again a in seven or eight more months.

When threatened, Ostriches run away, but they can cause serious injury and death with kicks from their powerful legs. Their legs can only kick forward.

Ostriches reared entirely by humans may not direct their courtship behaviour at other Ostriches, but toward their human keepers. Ostriches live 30 to 40 years on average.

It is sometimes said that ostriches will hide their heads in the ground when they are scared or threatened, but this is not true.

In some countries, people race each other on the back of Ostriches. The practice is common in Africa and is relatively unusual elsewhere. The Ostriches are ridden in the same way as horses with special saddles, reins, and bits. However, they are harder to manage than horses.

Shark

Sharks are a superorder of fish. This superorder is also known by its scientific name Selachimorpha. Like other Chondrichthyes, they have skeletons made of cartilage instead of bone. Cartilage is tough, rubbery material which is less rigid than bone. Cartilaginous fish also include skates and rays. 

There are more than 350 different kinds of sharks, such as the great white and whale sharks. Fossils show that sharks have been around for 420 million years, since the early Silurian. 

Most sharks are predators: they hunt and eat fish, marine mammals, and other sea creatures. However, the largest shark eats krill, like whales. This is the whale shark, the largest fish in the world. It is widely believed that sharks are "silent killers". However, a recent study shows that sharks emit a low growl from their throats which resonates through their scales. 

Some common kinds of shark are the hammerhead shark, the great white shark, the tiger shark, and the mako shark. Most sharks are cold-blooded but some, like the great white shark and the mako shark are partially warm-blooded. 

Just a few million years ago, a giant shark called "Megalodon" swam in the seas. It was 18 meters long, twice as long as the closely-related great white shark, and it ate whales. "Megalodon" died out 1.6 million years ago.

Much of what we understand about prehistoric sharks comes from the study of their fossils. While sharks have skeletons made of soft cartilage that can fall apart before fossilizing, their teeth are harder and easily fossilized. Prehistoric sharks, like their modern descendants, would grow and shed many thousands of teeth over their lifetime. For this reason shark teeth are one of the most common fossils.

Sharks come in many different shapes and sizes, but most are long and thin (also called streamlined), with really strong jaws.

Their teeth are constantly replaced throughout their lives. Sharks eat so violently they often break a few teeth, so new teeth grow continuously in a groove just inside the mouth and move forward from inside the mouth on "conveyor belts" formed by the skin which they are attached to. In its lifetime, a shark can lose and regrow as many as 30,000 teeth.

Even with all those teeth, though, sharks can not chew. So they bite their prey and jerk it around so they can pull off a chunk to swallow. The chunks of food that a shark swallows end up in its stomach, where they are digested. This is pretty slow, however, so a meal might take several days to digest. This is why a shark does not eat every day.

Sharks have different-shaped teeth, depending on what they eat. For instance, some sharks have sharp, pointy teeth, while bottom dwelling sharks have cone-shaped teeth for crushing shells. Because there are so many different kinds of sharks, and because each kind has its own kind of special teeth, many people enjoy collecting shark teeth. Shark teeth collectors can guess how large a shark was by measuring the shark tooth. First, they measure the length of the tooth in inches. Every inch of tooth equals 10ft of shark length: so if a shark tooth is 2 inches long, the tooth came from a shark that was 20 ft long! Even more terrifying is that some of the "Megalodon" teeth are 6 inches long so that suggests a shark 60 feet long.

Sharks have skin covered in millions of tiny teeth-like scales that point to the tail. If you rub along a shark towards the tail, it feels smooth, but if you rub the other way, it is rough. Sharks' teeth can grow back if they are lost. 

The fins of sharks are used for stabilizing, steering, lift and swimming. Each fin is used in a different manner. 

There are one or two fins present along the dorsal midline called the first and second dorsal fin. These fins help the shark from constantly rolling around. These two fins may, or may not have spines. When spines are present, they are used for defensive purposes, and may also have skin glands with them that produce an irritating substance. 
The pectoral fins are behind the head and extend outwards. These fins are used for steering during swimming and help to provide the shark with lift. 

The pelvic fins are behind the pectoral fins, near the cloaca, and are also stabilizers.

Not all sharks have anal fins, but if they do have them, they are found between the pelvic and caudal fins.

The tail region itself consists of the caudal peduncle and the caudal fin. The caudal peduncle sometimes has notches known as "precaudal pits", which are found just ahead of the caudal fin. The peduncle may also be horizontally flattened into lateral keels. The caudal fin has both, an upper lobe, and a lower lobe, that can be of different sizes and the shape depends of which species the shark is. 

The primary use of the caudal fin is to provide a "push" while the shark swims. The upper lobe of the caudal fin produces the most amount of the push, and usually forces the shark downwards. The pectoral fins and the shape of the body (like an airfoil) work together to counter this force. The strong, non-lunate caudal fin in most benthic shark species allows the shark to swim close to the seabed (such as the nurse shark). However, the fastest swimming sharks (such as the mako sharks) tend to have lunate-shaped (crescent-shaped) caudal fins. 

Sharks have keen olfactory sense organs in the short duct between the front and back nasal openings. They can detect blood from miles away: as little as one part per million of blood in sea water may be enough.

Sharks have the ability to determine the direction of a given scent based on the timing of scent detection in each nostril. This is similar to the method mammals use to determine direction of sound.

They are more attracted to the chemicals found in the intestines of many species, and as a result often linger near or in sewage outfalls. Some species, such as nurse sharks, have external barbels that greatly increase their ability to sense prey.

Shark eyes are similar to the eyes of other vertebrates, including similar lenses, corneas and retinas. Their eyesight is well adapted to the marine environment. They can contract and dilate their pupils, like humans, something no teleost fish can do. A tissue behind the retina reflects light back, thereby increasing sight in darker waters. 

Sharks have tiny holes all over the shark's snout, especially between the eye and the tip of the snout. In them are nerve receptors which are called the "ampullae of Lorenzini." They can sense electricity in the water. Animals in the water give off electricity: every time an animal's heart beats or it moves, tiny currents of electricity are made. These tiny electric currents make signals that travel through water and get sensed. Sharks may use this sense when they catch their prey, even more than they use their sight.

Although it is hard to test sharks' hearing, they may have a sharp sense of hearing and can possibly hear prey many miles away. A small opening on each side of their heads (not the spiracle) leads directly into the inner ear through a thin channel. 

The lateral line detects changes in water pressure. It is open to the environment by a line of pores. This and the sound-detecting organs are grouped together as the 'acoustico-lateralis system', because they have a common origin. In bony fish and tetrapods the external opening into the inner ear has been lost.

This system is found in other fish as well. It detects motion or vibrations in water. The shark can sense frequencies in the range of 25 to 50 Hz.

About 70% of all known shark species give birth to live young, with the gestation period lasting from 6 to 22 months.

Pups are born with a full set of teeth, and are capable of taking care of themselves. Once born, they quickly swim away from their mothers, who sometimes feed on the pups. Litters vary from one or two pups (great white shark) to one hundred pups (blue shark and whale shark). 

Some sharks are oviparous, laying their eggs in the water. Shark eggs (sometimes called "mermaid's purses") are covered by a tough, leathery membrane.

Most sharks are ovoviviparous, meaning the eggs hatch inside the female's body, with the babies developing within the mother, but there is no placenta to nourish the pups. Instead the young feed on the egg's yolk. The pups eat any unfertilized eggs and sometimes each other. Very few pups in a litter survive until birth due to this form of sibling cannibalism. Great white sharks, mako sharks, nurse sharks, tiger sharks, and sand tiger sharks give birth this way.

Some sharks are viviparous, meaning that the females give live birth: the eggs hatch inside the female's body, and the babies are fed by a placenta. The placenta helps transfer nutrients and oxygen from the mother's bloodstream and transfers waste products from the baby to the mother for elimination. Examples of viviparous sharks include the bull sharks, the whitetip reef sharks, the lemon sharks, the blue sharks, the silvertip sharks, and the hammerhead sharks. Although long thought to be oviparous, whale sharks are viviparous, and pregnant females have been found containing hundreds of pups.

New sharks are still being found. Dave Ebert found ten new species in a Taiwan market. Over the past three decades he has named 24 new species. They include sharks, rays, sawfish and ghost sharks these cartilaginous fish are all related.

Some sharks are not endangered, but some are hunted for food (like shark fin soup) or sport fishing. In 2013 five species of shark, along with two species of manta ray, received international protection as part of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species.

It is thought that 100 million sharks are killed by commercial and recreational fishing. Sharks are a common seafood in many places, including Japan and Australia. In the Australian state of Victoria, shark is the most commonly used fish in fish and chips, in which fillets are battered and deep-fried or crumbed and grilled. In fish and chip shops, shark is called "flake". In India, small sharks or baby sharks (called "sora" in Tamil and Telugu languages) are sold in local markets. Since the flesh is not matured (not adult), cooking the flesh breaks it into powder. The powder is then fried in oil and spices (called sora puttu/sora poratu). The soft bones can be easily chewed. They are considered a delicacy in coastal Tamil Nadu.

Shagreen is a fabric made of shark skin. It is often described as being an untanned leather, often dyed green.


Vulture

Vultures are large birds of prey that usually feed on the carrion or (dead or dying animals and rocks). Vultures use their large wings to soar in the air for many miles without having to flap. Vultures are also called buzzards.

"Vultures" from the Old World (Europe, Asia, and Africa) are not related to the vultures of the New World (North and South America). They look quite similar, though. Both have heads and necks with no feathers. 

"Old World vultures" are related to eagles and hawks and use sight to find their food. "New World vultures" use their sense of smell to find their food. Vultures symbolize death in literature.

King vultures use rocks to open eggs, they pick up a rock with their beak and simply drop or throw the rock onto the egg and breaks it.

New World vultures is a name which is used for a number of species in the Americas. The best known of these are probably the Andean condor and the black vulture. 

Eagle

Eagle is a general term for many large birds of prey. Over 60 species have been described, and they live in many parts of the world. Most species of eagle are found in Eurasia and in Africa. 

Eagles are not a natural monophyletic group. The name describes a bird of prey big enough to hunt larger vertebrates. Eagles hunt during the day and have very good eyesight. Eagles are generally put in the family Accipitridae. They belong to several groups of genera, some of which are closely related.

The largest eagle that has ever lived is Haast's eagle. It is the only eagle in the world ever to have been top predator of its ecosystem. Though it is now extinct, it lived in New Zealand. Before man got there, it preyed on moas.

Eagles are carnivores. This means that they eat meat from other animals. Eagles are birds of prey, and so are vultures, falcons and owls. Eagles use their strong talons to catch and grab their food, and they use their sharp beaks to help them tear into the meat of their prey.

Falcon

Falcons are small to medium-sized birds of prey related to hawks, eagles, and vultures. They usually have pointed wings and long tails. 

Most falcons eat small mammals. Some species hunt other birds, which they take in flight. Like hawks, most falcons have dark gray or brown backs and wings, with white undersides.

The peregrine falcon is found over most of the world and is famous for hunting birds by diving down on them at 320 km/h (200 mi/h). It was nearly wiped out in North America by the use of pesticides, but has since made a recovery. 

In some countries falcons are used in falconry. This means people catch the birds and make them hunt for them. Long ago this was a way for people to get more food but today it is a sport.

On the Moroccan island of Mogador, falcons seem to imprison small birds by trapping them in crevasses, presumably saving them to eat later.

Mogador has the ruins of a fortress, a mosque and a prison. Today the island is a nature reserve, where Eleonora's falcons nest among the ruins. They hunt migrating warblers, hoopoes and other birds. 

Researchers came across small birds trapped in deep cavities, their flight and tail feathers removed. The birds were unable to move their wings or use their dangling legs. Eleonora's falcons have been seen building up larders of up to 20 dead birds during migration season, when prey is plentiful. But "storing snacks that are still alive could be a unique behaviour" said an expert.

Islington

Islington is a district in north London, in the United Kingdom. The area usually called Islington is only part of the London Borough of Islington. It is a fashionable area and has with large well-built houses and is close to the City of London.


1976

1976 (MCMLXXVI) was .













Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology

Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology (SIIT) () is an institute of technology in Thammasat University, Thailand. It was established in 1992.

SIIT offers education in science, technology, engineering, and management. Every education programs are "international program", all classes are in English language. Its graduates receive degrees from Thammasat University.

Although it is part of Thammasat University, its financial and administration system are separate from the central university system.

SIIT has five schools and one department for undergraduate and graduate students.

SIIT has two campuses (as of 2013), "Rangsit" and "Bangkadi campus". Both are in Pathum Thani province.
The area is known for "Technology Clusters of North Bangkok".


Ainu people

The Ainu people are the native population of northern Japan and the eastern part of Russia, mostly in the Amur river region, Sakhalin, the Kuril islands and on the Kamchatka Peninsula. The term is also used for their culture and language in the Ezo region (Hokkaido).

The majority of their ancestors, the Jōmon people, arrived in Japan about 30,000 – 15,000 years ago from Central Asia and southern Siberia. They were largely replaced by the proto-Japanese which arrived from southeastern China about 2,000 years ago. The Ainu have strong similarities with Palaeolithic Europeans and people of the Middle East as well as with Native American groups of the northwestern coastal culture area in North America. Some scholars think they were related to the Emishi of northern Honshu.

During and after the Yayoi period they were attacked by the early Japanese people. The Ainu and relative tribes lost most of their land in Honshū, many were killed or ensalved by the Yayoi-Japanese. After the rise of the Yamato, few Ainu were left in Honshu. After the Meiji restoration in the late 1800s, the Japanese began to colonize Hokkaido, sending their own people to live there. They forced the Ainu to leave the warm coast of Hokkaido and try to live in the mountains in the middle of the island. The Ainu were not allowed to fish for salmon or hunt deer. The Ainu were required to speak Japanese and use Japanese names. Japanese scientists and treasure hunters would dig up Ainu graves and steal the bodies and artifacts.

The Ainu in Russia had more luck and lived their traditional life until the Second World War, when they were forced to act like other Russians.

In April 2019, the Ainu became recognized as native population of northern Japan, and the rest of Japan has started to think of their culture as good and valuable. However, the Ainu still face discrimination in Japan. Most Japanese outside of Hokkaido mistake the Ainu for foreigners or tourists.

Their culture is based on the ancient Jomon culture of northern Japan and eastern Russia. Their native folk religion has some similarities to early Shinto. Their gods are named "kamuy", similar to the Japanese "Kami". They practiced agriculture but were also hunter gatherers. The Ainu are famous for their wood work and art.

The Ainu lived in villages called "kotan" and were often built along rivers or lakes. Every villages consisted of at least four to seven families, sometimes more than ten. The traditional house was called "cise" or "cisey".

They speak the Ainu language. The Ainu language is classificated as language isolate, although there exist several theories about a genetic relation. Some linguists suggest a relation to Altaic languages while others suggest a link to Indo-European languages. Some similarities also exist with northern native American languages.


Iliad

The Iliad is the oldest surviving work of Greek literature. It was an oral epic poem. People spoke it without reading it. It was written down in the 8th century BC. It is an epic (or very long) poem with 24 chapters written in hexameter. The poem includes early Greek myths and legends. It may have been based on a Bronze Age attack on the city Troy. People usually say that Homer wrote the "Iliad". However, scholars are not sure that only one person really wrote the whole poem.

The story happens during the Trojan War, some time around 1200 BC. It talks about the confrontations of the warrior Achilles and King Agamemnon. The story is only about a few weeks at the end of the war, but it also talks about many of the Greek myths about the war. It tells the story from the wrath of Achilles, to the death and funeral of Hector and the siege of Troy.

Together with another of Homer's poems, the "Odyssey", it is one of the two major Greek epic poems.

Some important characters in the "Iliad" are Achilles, Odysseus, Agamemnon, Menelaus, Priam, Hector, Paris, and Helen.

The poem starts with the god Apollo sending a plague to the Greeks, because they captured the daughter of one of his Trojan priests. Agamemnon is forced to give the daughter back. So that he has a girl of his own, Agamemnon takes the captured Trojan girl Briseis from her owner Achilles. Achilles is angry and refuses to fight in the war. When Achilles' friend Patroclus is killed by Hector, Achilles starts to fight again and kills Hector in a duel. Later, Hector's father Priam comes in secret to Achilles to take back his favorite son's body to give it a proper funeral, which Achilles allows him to do. The poem ends with the funeral of Hector.




Drug

According to the WHO, a drug is a substance that can change how a living organism works. Food is usually not seen as a drug, even though some foods may have such properties. Most of the time drugs are taken to treat a disease, or other medical condition. An example for such drugs may be Aspirin or Paracetamol. These are usually given to treat fever, as well as certain infections. If such drugs are taken over a longer time, they are usually prescribed by a doctor. Other drugs are taken for fun, because of the effect they have. Some of these drugs taken for fun are better accepted by society than others. Having or taking certain drugs may be illegal, in certain countries.

Drugs that are taken to treat a disease or condition are usually called "therapeutic", drugs that are taken for fun are called "recreational" drugs.

Drugs may have other effects than those wanted. Such effects are generally known as side-effects.

Drugs act differently in different amounts. It is therefore important to take the right amount. The amount of the drug taken is called a dose. Aspirin is often prescribed against fever, or as an analgesic. One of the side-effects of Aspirin is that it makes the blood thinner. For this reason, it can also be used to prevent strokes, or heart attacks - in a much lower dose than the one used to treat fever, though.

Taking too much of a drug ("too high a dose") can cause sickness or even death. When a doctor says how much of a drug (the right dose) to take, only that amount should be taken. It is very important to keep taking the drug until the doctor says to stop because someone can feel better but still be sick. When a doctor says what drug to take, how much of it, and for how long, it is called a prescription. Drugs may cause addiction. Some drugs are illegal because they are very addictive. These drugs are really expensive, too. It can also be sold illegally from drug sellers which may cause serious results

Recreational drugs can sometimes be bad for someone's health even if they make them feel good. Alcohol can also be dangerous if the person drinking it drives a vehicle after drinking. This is called drunk driving. Many countries make this against the law. Common recreational drugs include:


Certain recreational drugs also have uses as a therapeutic drug. Heroin can be used as an analgesic (a painkiller) and methamphetamine is used to treat narcolepsy or ADHD. Recreational drugs can be dangerous, certain countries have made it illegal to have or take them outside a medical context. Most of the time, this is because they can be addictive or that they are very dangerous when combined with other drugs. That way, Cannabis-based products are legal in the Netherlands, but illegal in many other countries.

Alcohol and Nicotine are legal almost everywhere, but there are a lot of taxes on the sale of these. In other words, they are expensive to buy. Being expensive to buy because of taxes has two benefits; one is that the taxes collected from the sale of the drugs goes into helping to pay for assistance the drug user may experience later. A smoker, for example, may develop cancer later in life and need treatment at a place that is granted a certain amount of tax money from the government to keep it operating. Another benefit to the taxing of "legal" drugs, is that the high price may stop people from beginning the habit in the first place, which will help them avoid the negative medical or addictive side effects of the drug. In some cases, not everyone is allowed to buy these drugs unless they are a minimal age to do so. The age at which someone is allowed to buy a legal drug is most often decided by the government of a country, state or province, and is usually the age where a person is considered by the law to be an "adult". Some of the most common ages this happens is at 18, 19 or 21 years of age.

Therapeutic drugs are also called "medicinal drugs", "medicine", or "medication". Doctors will give therapeutic drugs to someone who is ill to make you better. You can buy these drugs at a pharmacy. Some drugs need a prescription to be bought, other drugs do not. Drugs that do not require a prescription are called "over the counter" medications. There are lots of these drugs for different illnesses. These include:


Bill Watterson

William B. Watterson II (born July 5, 1958) is an American artist and cartoonist. He is most famous for his comic strip, "Calvin and Hobbes" which was published between 1985 and 1995. He is a very private person and not much is publicly known about him. He also did not want people to sell things with the pictures of his characters on them, and the only things he allowed to be made using his characters were books with collections of Calvin and Hobbes strips. 

Centimetre

A centimeter(the American spelling is centimeter, symbol cm) is a unit of length in the International System of Units (SI) measurement system. It is equal to one hundredth of a metre. Centi- is placed in front to say 'a hundredth'. The centimeter is the base unit of length in the old centimeter-gram-second (CGS) system of units.

The centimetre is usually used to measure things that are too big for millimetre but too small for metres. A centimetre is close to the length of a fingernail. 

1 centimetre is "equal" to:

1 cubic centimetre is equal to 1 millilitre, under the SI system of units.

The centimetre is also used:

The centimetre has Unicode symbols so it can be written in Mandarin Chinese, Japanese and Korean characters. 

They are placed into one character, and it is mostly used with East Asian fonts.


Marilyn Manson (band)

Marilyn Manson is a rock band, and also the name of the lead singer of the group. The name Marilyn Manson was taken from the first name of actress and sex symbol Marilyn Monroe and the last name of cult leader and serial killer Charles Manson. Some of the earlier band members also created stage names by taking the first name of a female sex symbol and the last name of a serial killer.

When the band started in 1989 it was originally called "Marilyn Manson and the Spooky Kids". The band had four bandmembers and a drumming machine. They played small concerts in their home state Florida (the Warner family had moved from Ohio to Florida when Manson was a teenager).

In 1993 frontman Manson met Trent Reznor, lead singer for Nine Inch Nails. Reznor liked their style and offered them a record deal and the chance to tour with Nine Inch Nails. To get the deal, the band had to change its name to just "Marilyn Manson". They also had to find a real drummer.

In 1995, their cover of Sweet Dreams (originally by Eurythmics) became a hit, and the band was suddenly very popular.

The band is very good friends with Nat Morley who is often featured in their music videos.

Their first album was "Portrait of an American Family", which was released in 1993.

Other Marilyn Manson albums are 

Some of their greatest hits are "The Beautiful People", "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)", "The Dope Show", "Disposable Teens", "Tainted Love", and "Personal Jesus".

Marilyn Manson's songs about drugs, violence and anti-Christianity caused a lot of trouble, especially among Christians. There were protests at his concerts and they were not allowed to play in some cities.

Aubrey Beardsley

Aubrey Beardsley (21 August 1872 – 16 March 1898) was a English illustrator. He is best known for his drawings for Oscar Wilde's Salome. Beardsley is one of the famous people who appears on the cover of The Beatles, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album.

Beardsley was born in Brighton where his mother taught him to be interested in books and music. He was very good at music and drawing by the age of ten, but he was already sick with tuberculosis. After leaving school he worked as a clerk for an insurance company in London. He had to stop working at the end of 1889 because of his illness. He tried writing, but in 1891 he started to work full-time as an artist.

Odyssey

The Odyssey is a major Ancient Greek epic poem. It was written by Homer, as a sequel to the "Iliad". In its origin it was an oral epic poem from Mycenaean Greece, about the 11th century BC. The hero of the poem is Odysseus, or "Ulysses" as he is called in Latin; the poem is mythological, not historical.

The poem is the story about Odysseus's ten-year-long voyage home to Ithaca after the Trojan War. The Trojan War is the subject of the "Iliad". At the same time, his wife Penelope has to fight off a lot of men who want to marry her; and his son Telemachos searches for him.

Along the way, Odysseus and his men have to fight monsters and many other dangers. The main events (places he goes, creatures and people he meets) of Odysseus' journey are:

It is the story of the return of Ulysses after the Trojan War (Iliad)

On his journey home, Odysseus lands on the island of the Cyclops Polyphemus. They go inside his cave at the sight of sheep, cheese and milk. Polyphemus catches them and eats some of Odysseus' men. Odysseus tricks and blinds him and they escape. The Cyclops prays to his father Poseidon that Odysseus would not get home to Ithaca and if he was fated to make it home, Odysseus would lose all of his men, his ship and find trouble at home. This prayer becomes the plot line of the Odyssey.

Odysseus and his ship have to pass the Sirens' island. The Sirens were always singing very beautifully, so sailors would try to go to them, but their ships would get destroyed, and they would die.
Odysseus tells his men to put wax in their ears, so they will not hear the song of the sirens. He also tells his men to bind him to the ship's mast, so he cannot go to the sirens when he hears their song. His men can then look at Odysseus and see when he cannot hear the sirens anymore, because he is calm again. Then they can take the wax out of their ears, and free Odysseus.

After escaping from the sea, and the death of his men, Odysseus comes to the island Ogygia. On this island lives the nymph Calypso, and Odysseus stayed with her for seven years. But then the god Hermes came and told her that the gods said that she had to let Odysseus go. Calypso promised Odysseus immortality (that he would live forever) if he stayed, but he wanted to go back to his wife Penelope. So Odysseus built a raft and left her.

After a storm, Odysseus comes to the island of the Phaeacians. There he is found by the king's daughter Nausicaä. Nausicaä brings him to the palace of her father, King Alkinoos. During his time there, Odysseus tell the story of his journey. After this, Alkinoos gives Odysseus a ship and sends him home to Ithaca.
During all this time, Penelope has been keeping the suitors at bay with a ruse (trick). She promises "I will choose when I have finished weaving this cloth", the cloth being a burial cloth for Odysseus' father. However, every night her servant unpicks the work of the previous day. The story is made more real by Penelope becoming restless. The goddess Athena causes Penelope to feel the need to display herself, and fan the flames of the suitors' desire.

Odysseus finally returns to Ithaca, where he disguises himself as a beggar. He goes to his home and meets his son Telemachus. Together they kill the suitors, who are trying to marry Penelope in order to gain his kingdom. Later, the families of the suitors come to kill Odysseus for revenge. The goddess Athena helps Odysseus by making them stop and give up the fight.



Mae West

Mae West (August 17, 1893 – November 22, 1980) was an American actress. She worked in vaudeville and later in movies. She is best-remembered for her dirty jokes and comedy movies.

Her name when she was born was Mary Jane West. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City, and died in Hollywood, California. Her mother was a German immigrant and former model. 



Lenny Bruce

Lenny Bruce (October 13, 1925 – August 3, 1966), was an American comedian. His real name was Leonard Alfred Schneider. He is considered an innovator of modern stand-up comedy and changed the way many people see comedians. His jokes and routines were very improper and off limits for the time and he got in a lot of trouble for them. He is considered a hero for the defense of the First Amendment rights in the United States, especially for free speech. 

In the 1960s he was the last person arrested for impersonating and swearing, overwatched by martial law and police and banned from many cities and comedy clubs. 

He appeared on the cover of The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" album.

He died in 1966 of an accidental morphine overdose whist on trial. 

In 1970 the New York's highest court of appeals decided that he is "not guilty for using bad words".

Kimchi

Kimchi (; ; ), also spelled kimchee or gimchi, is a traditional fermented Korean side dish made of vegetables with many seasonings. In traditional preparation, kimchi was stored underground in jars to keep cool during the summer months and unfrozen during the winter months. There are hundreds of varieties of kimchi made from napa cabbage, radish, scallion, or cucumber as a main ingredient.

Kimchi is usually very strong for non-Koreans. There are many different types and Koreans typically eat kimchi in every meal. It is a staple of Korean food. Kimchi can be stored for a long time and it does not go bad easily. However, when it is exposed to hot weather for certain time, kimchi turns sour. So, it should not be put out unless it is going to be eaten soon. In Korea kimchi pots are a common sight. They are large terra cotta pots where the kimchi is stored until it can be eaten or until it ferments. Kimchi usually takes about 2 weeks to ferment, but some varieties can be eaten right away. Some must be stored for over a year to be finished. 

The fermentation gives the kimchi a pickle-like quality and generally soggy or limp kimchi is not good.

Every different kind of kimchi has a special taste and a different amount of time to ferment. Baechu Kimchi is one of the most famous kimchi. Kkakdugi is made of cubed Korean radish (mu). It’s especially contains more water and is hard to chew. Baek kimchi uses milder ingredients. It’s not spicy. Chonggak kimchi has a smallish white radish that comes with a ponytail. Gat kimchi is made from dark green Korean mustard (gat) leaves and stems. These can be kept for months or even longer. As these age, they taste like lemons. Oi Sobagi has a refreshing, cool, and hot taste. Cucumber is the main ingredient for it. It can be kept for about a week. As it ages, it also taste like a lemon. Dongchimi is a food and a beverage all in one. When it ferments, it becomes sweet and taste a lot like lemon water. It can be kept for about a month.

The most common variety of kimchi is made from cabbage, radish, garlic, red pepper, salt and sugar. The cabbage is soaked in salt water for a few hours. Coarse rock salt is then rubbed in between the leaves of the cabbage. Red peppers are also rubbed in and most Kimchi has a lot of pepper in it. The radish is usually cut into long thin strips and added to the mix. A little sugar is added to help the fermentation process along much in the same way beer is made. The amounts of each ingredient vary between the type of kimchi you are making and the personal taste of the maker. Most kimchi has a special taste with shrimp or fish. The kimchi is allowed to ferment for a period of time, usually outdoors in a large kimchi pot. It is also quite common for these pots to be buried under ground. Kimchi can be kept for a long time and does not go bad. Koreans make kimchi with their families in December.

Robert Altman

Robert Bernard Altman (February 20, 1925 – November 20, 2006) was an American movie director. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri and died of leukemia in Los Angeles, California. In 2006, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognized his body of work with an Academy Honorary Award.

His movies "MASH" (1970), "McCabe and Mrs. Miller" (1971), and "Nashville" (1975) have been selected to keep in the United States National Film Registry.

In the 1960s, Altman lived for nine years with his second wife in Mandeville Canyon in Brentwood, California. He moved to Malibu but in 1981 sold that home and the Lion's Gate production company. "I had no choice", he told the "New York Times". "Nobody was answering the phone" after the flop of "Popeye". He moved his family and business headquarters to New York. Eventually he moved back to Malibu, where he lived until his death.

In November 2000, he said he would move to Paris if George W. Bush were elected. He joked that he had meant Paris, Texas when Bush became president. Altman was an outspoken marijuana user. He was a member of the NORML advisory board. He was against the 2003 invasion of Iraq.

Altman died on November 20, 2006, at age 81 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. He died of complications from leukemia.

Altman is survived by his wife, Kathryn Reed Altman; six children, Christine Westphal, Michael Altman, Stephen Altman (his production designer of choice for many movies), Connie Corriere, Robert Reed Altman, and Matthew Altman; 12 grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren.

The movie director Paul Thomas Anderson dedicated his 2007 movie "There Will Be Blood" to Altman.



Academy Awards:

BAFTA Awards:

Berlin International Film Festival:

Cannes Film Festival:

Directors Guild of America Awards:

Emmy Awards:

Golden Globe Awards:

Independent Spirit Awards:

Venice Film Festival:

Vietnam Veterans Memorial

The Vietnam Veterans Memorial, also called the Wall, honors the men and women who died in the Vietnam War. It is a black granite wall which has the names of every American killed in the war. It was designed by Maya Lin in 1981 and is in Washington, DC.

Maya Lin

Maya Ying Lin (born October 10, 1959) is a Chinese-American architect and artist. She is most famous for her Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC and the Civil Rights Monument in Montgomery, Alabama. In 2016, Lin was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Barack Obama.

Manslaughter

Manslaughter is the crime of killing a person. When a person is killed, lawyers look at the reasons and motives why this person was killed. If the death of a person is not on purpose, but the killer did something that resulted in the death of a person, this is usually called manslaughter. It is less serious than if a person were killed on purpose (sometimes with planning involved), which is called murder. Killing someone in self-defence may be manslaughter. Depending on the circumstances, killing in self-defence may be no crime at all. Negligent homicide is an even lesser crime.

Manslaughter is a relatively new legal concept. It was first mentioned in an English statute in 1547, but was interpreted very loosely and not earnestly enforced, instead usually charging with murder. Very few countries had manslaughter on their books until the latter half of the 20th century. No jurisdiction in the United States had manslaughter on its books until the 20th century. England and the United States were the first two countries to introduce manslaughter into their laws.


Bangkok

Bangkok (Thai: กรุงเทพมหานคร) is the capital city of Thailand. In 2010, the city had a population of 9,100,000 people. Since Bangkok has more than 55 times as many people as the second largest city, Nonthaburi, it is a primate city.

Bangkok has a tropical savanna climate ("Aw" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Bangkok is the world's most popular tourist destination; 23 million visitors stay overnight there per year. The main airport is Suvarnabhumi, 30 kilometers east of Bangkok.

Krung Thep Maha Nakhon is [an] official name; "However, the name Bangkok is still recognised", media says. Krung Thep Maha Nakhon (Bangkok) is [another form of] the official name.

In Thailand, the city is called "Krung Thep" ('city of angels'); The name is short form of a ceremonial name from the rule of one king between 1851 and 1868; The full ceremonial name is "Krung Thep Mahanakhon Amon Rattanakosin Mahinthara Yuthaya Mahadilok Phop Noppharat Ratchathani Burirom Udomratchaniwet Mahasathan Amon Piman Awatan Sathit Sakkathattiya Witsanukam Prasit". A nickname for Bangkok, is "The Big Mango".



1971

1971 (MCMLXXI) was .













1987

1987 (MCMLXXXVII) was .
















Silicosis

Silicosis is a disease that is caused by small particles of silica (glass) getting trapped in the lungs. When people have silicosis, the changes in their body often are cyanosis (when skin goes a blueish color), a fever, when the body gets hotter or being not able to breathe properly. Sometimes doctors do not realize that someone has silicosis, and think that they have other illnesses like pneumonia, tuberculosis or fluid in the lungs.

It was first noticed in 1705 by "Bernardino Ramazzini" (an Italian doctor). He saw something that looked like sand in the lungs of stonecutters. The name silicosis is from Visconti in 1870. The name comes from the Latin "silex" which means flint.



Torquay

Torquay (pronounced: "tor-KEE") is a coastal town in Devon, South West England. It is perhaps most famous as birthplace of writer Agatha Christie and setting of the TV show, Fawlty Towers.

Andrew Sachs

Andrew Sachs (Andreas Siegfried Sachs, 7 April 1930 – 23 November 2016) was a German-British actor. 

Sachs was born in Berlin. His family was Jewish. In 1938, they left Germany for London, shortly after Adolf Hitler became Germany's leader. 

Sachs is best known for his role as Manuel on "Fawlty Towers". He also played Albert Einstein in a 1996 episode of Nova on PBS, and provided all the voices in the English version of the 1994 movie version of "Faust". 

He was involved in a controversy when Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross left obscene phone messages on his answerphone stating that Brand had had sex with his granddaughter Georgina Baillie, a member of the Satanic Sluts.

Sachs died on 23 November 2016 at a nursing home in Northwood, London from vascular dementia, aged 86.


The Seven Samurai

The Seven Samurai is a Japanese movie, written and directed by Akira Kurosawa, and released in 1954. It is a black and white movie.

The fictional plot is set in Japan in 1587, which is the 15th year of "Tenshō".

People in a village are worried about thieves and decide to get samurai to help defend them. It is hard to get enough samurai. The samurai that help do it for different reasons. There is a lot of planning while they are waiting for the thieves. There is a big fight with the thieves at the end.

"The Magnificent Seven" was an American movie Western with a similar story. This is called a remake.

The movie was also adapted into an Japanese anime series in 2004 by GONZO, entitled Samurai 7. The anime series takes a more futuristic and fantasy take at the original story, replacing robots for thieves and bestowing superhuman abilities to the 7 samurais.


Vacuum tube

A vacuum tube, also called a valve in British English, is an electronic device used in many older model radios, television sets, and amplifiers to control electric current flow. The cathode is heated, as in a light bulb, so it will emit electrons. This is called thermionic emission. The anode is the part that accepts the emitted electrons. The device may have other parts. Vacuum tubes must be hot to work. Most are made of glass, thus are fragile and can break. Vacuum tubes were used in the first computers like the ENIAC, which were large and need much work to continue operating.

Although the vacuum tube was invented by John Ambrose Fleming in 1904, it was Thomas Edison who discovered the "Edison effect" in 1883 which states that electricity does not necessarily need a solid material to move through; it can move through gas or vacuums as well.

John Ambrose Fleming invented the first vacuum tube, the diode, in 1904. Lee De Forest invented the "audion" in 1906 (which was improved by others as the triode in 1908) and used in the first telephone amplifiers. Many other kinds were invented for various purposes. 

The transistor became cheaper in the 1960s and was much smaller, worked on lower voltages, and used less power. In addition, unlike vacuum tubes, they were much less likely to be damaged by being dropped and had extremely long life. Eventually, they were also much cheaper than glass vacuum tubes. At this time, most radios, television sets, and amplifiers began using transistors instead. High powered electronics such as broadcasting transmitters were transistorized more slowly. Television receivers continued using the cathode ray tube until the mid-2000s.

In the 21st century, vacuum tubes are rarely used in common electronic equipment. Many devices today rely on the transistor over the vacuum tube. Some devices that still use the vacuum tube, however, include:


Tupac Shakur

Tupac Amaru Shakur (June 16, 1971 – September 13, 1996) was an American rapper and actor, also known as 2Pac and Makaveli, who sold many records. Shakur has sold over 75 million albums worldwide as of 2010. Shakur began his career as a roadie, backup dancer, and MC for the alternative hip hop group Digital Underground as "MC New York". He eventually branched off as a solo artist. He became a West Coast hip hop icon after the release of his first album, "2Pacalypse Now", in 1991.

He was born in East Harlem, New York. Tupac moved to Baltimore in 1984. Then, he moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1988. When he was in high school, he was a student at the Baltimore School for the Arts. Later in his music career, this experience in school becomes his personality of his own music style. He was the son of Afeni Shakur and Billy Garland, who were members of the Black Panther Party. His family was struggling with poverty. They moved homes often, and even had to stay in shelters.

Tupac was involved in the East Coast–West Coast hip hop feud. On September 7, 1996, Shakur was shot four times by an unknown assailant in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas, Nevada. He died six days later from respiratory failure and cardiopulmonary arrest during his operation. Since Shakur's death, seven more albums have been released. They have all been certified platinum.

Shakur acted in eight movies.

He holds the Guinness World Record for the highest selling rap/hip hop artist, selling 165 million worldwide and 43 million in the US alone. He was even listed as 13th of the top 50 poets of all time (by poetry soup) and the 83rd Greatest artist of all time (by Rolling Stone). On June 7, 2023, Tupac was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Shakur was convicted of assault and sexual assault in separate incidents.

His work of music had very big influences on the Hip-hop/rap industry in the US. 

In 2014, a biographical movie about Tupac was announced. The movie, titled "All Eyez on Me", was released on June 16, 2017.

He was born as Lesane Crooks in East Harlem, New York. Crooks was later renamed Tupac Amaru Shakur after Túpac Amaru II, a ruler in Peru. His family later moved to Marin City, California when Tupac was 17. Tupac went to the Baltimore School for the Arts, where he found it interesting to read Shakespeare's poems. He got very affected by the beauty of rhyming, choosing the word and expression. He studied poetry, acting, jazz, and ballet.

In 1990, Shakur joined with the Oakland, California-based alternative hip hop group Digital Underground. He appeared on two of the group's albums in 1991: "This Is an EP Release" and "Sons of the P". Later that year he produced and released his first solo album, "2Pacalypse Now". The album protested problems such as racism, and made him much more popular. 

His second album, "Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z.," was released in 1993. It contained the hit singles "I Get Around" and "Keep Ya Head Up."

His third album, "Me Against the World," was released in 1995. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. He was incarcerated (in prison) at the time. 

His fourth album, "All Eyez on Me" (1996), was the last album released during his lifetime. All Eyez on Me included the "Billboard" Hot 100 number one singles "How Do U Want It?" and "California Love." 

Shakur won the Soul Train Music Award for Best Rap Album in 1996 for ‘Me Against the World’. He received the American Music Award for the Favorite Rap/Hip Hop artist posthumously in 1997.

Several of Shakur's albums were released posthumously. It contained previously recorded material from when he was alive.

On September 7, 1996, Shakur was shot four times in a drive-by shooting by someone in a Cadillac car at the intersection of Flamingo Road and Koval Lane in Las Vegas, Nevada. He died six days later at the Southern Nevada University Medical Center. His murder is still unsolved.

Shakur's friend and labelmate from Death Row Records, Marion "Suge" Knight, was in the car with Shakur. Knight survived the shooting.

In 1998, a prime suspect in Shakur’s murder, Orlando Anderson (aka Baby Lane) was killed in another drive-by shooting. Shakur once attacked Anderson. 

In 2002, reporter Chuck Phillips wrote in the "Los Angeles Times" that another rapper called Biggie Smalls (The Notorious B.I.G.) could have paid members of the Crips street gang to kill Shakur and that he could have given them the gun.

On September 29, 2023, Duane "Keffe D" Davis was named as a suspect and was arrested by the Las Vegas Police Department in connection with the murder of Shakur. Keffe D had previously admitted to killing Tupac on July 2, 2018 when he [thought that he was going to die soon, or] was dying from cancer. A trial against Davis is scheduled to start in June 2024.

There were four people in the car that was used by the suspects during the murder, according to the media. Three of the suspects are dead as of 2023.

There are murals of Shakur in North America (New York), South America (Brazil), Africa (Sierra Leone), and Europe (Bulgaria). There are also statues of him in Atlanta and Germany.



Skagerrak

Skagerrak is a sea in the northern part of Europe between Norway and Denmark. Skagerrak is a part of the North Sea. To the east is Kattegat.

Close to the Norwegian coast is a deep trench (700 m), the rest of the sea is shallow. Oil and gas are produced from rigs in the Skagerrak.

Kattegat

Kattegat is a sea in the northern part of Europe between the Danish peninsula Jutland, the Danish island Zealand, and the western coast of Sweden.

To the north-west is Skagerrak. Kattegat is connected to the Baltic Sea through the Danish Straits and Belts.

The sea is shallow, and life conditions are threatened by loss of oxygen in the water. The oxygen loss is caused by pollution. The pollution originates from farming. A century ago, the sea was very rich in cod, herring, and salmon, which were important sources of food in the countries around the sea.

Baltic Sea

The Baltic Sea is a sea in northern Europe between Scandinavia, Finland, Russia, the Baltic countries, Poland, and Germany.

Many big rivers in the surrounding countries drain into the Baltic Sea. The Baltic Sea is connected to the ocean through the narrow and shallow Danish straits and belts. For this reason, the water has a low amount of salt, so the northern parts of the sea freeze over in the winter. The ice can carry cars, and roads are established every winter between the islands in the archipelagos between Sweden and Finland.

For several thousand years, the Baltic Sea has connected the countries at her shores. For that reason there are many cultural similarities in these countries. Since all of these countries are European, this sea is also considered European. 

Scandinavia

Scandinavia is a group of countries in northern Europe. Scandinavia has Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. Some people also think Finland is part of Scandinavia and that Iceland and the Faroe Islands should count. Most of the time, "Scandinavia" is used to mean places where people speak Scandinavian languages, also called North Germanic languages or Nordic. The Scandinavian languages (Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Icelandic, and Faroese) are very similar to each other, and many Scandinavians understand parts of the other languages because they are alike. Finnish is not part of the North Germanic language group.

What people mean when they say "Scandinavia" depends on what they think is important at the time. When people talk about about maps, natural land formations and how the economy works, they may say Finland is part of Scandinavia but Iceland is not. When people talk about history and what languages people speak, they say Iceland is part of Scandinavia but Finland is not.

The Scandinavian Peninsula is a large peninsula reaching west from northern Europe over the north side of the Baltic Sea. Norway, Sweden and some of Finland are on this peninsula. However, Denmark is considered part of Scandinavia in the ethnic sense more often than Finland is. This is because Danish is a Scandinavian language but Finnish is not.

"Nordic countries" include Norway, Sweden, Denmark (including the Faroe Islands), Finland, and Iceland. These five countries use the Nordic Council to work together on political and cultural activities. Denmark, Sweden, and Finland are also members of the European Union, but only Finland is part of the eurozone, meaning that it uses the Euro as its money. The other Nordic countries still use their own money, called "krone" or "krona" (from the word "crowns"). Norway and Iceland, which are not members of the EU, are members of NATO and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Only Denmark and Finland are members of both the EU and NATO.

Most of the Scandinavian Peninsula has only a few people in it. It has large forests of pine, birch, and spruce trees. The western and northern parts are mountainous. The Scandinavian mountains are some of the oldest in the world. The tallest mountain is Galdhøpiggen in Norway. Denmark (43,098 km) is the smallest of the Scandinavian countries. It is more densely populated, and most of the land is farmland. Sweden (449,964 km) is the largest of the Scandinavian countries. It has the most lakes, and the landscape ranges from plains in the south to mountains in the west (along the border with Norway) to tundra in the north. The far north of Scandinavia and Finland is called Lapland, where the Sámi live. Some of them still herd reindeer, but most Sami live in modern houses and have modern jobs, like other Scandinavians.

The most famous group of Scandinavians were the Vikings of the Middle Ages. The Vikings attacked and raided but they were also traders, traveling to Ukraine and starting trade routes to the Middle East.

Vikings from Norway were explorers, crossing the North Atlantic in their longships. They came to Iceland and Greenland and built towns and farms there. The Norwegian explorers also came to the east coast of Canada. They built at least one town there, but it did not last into modern times.

The Vikings from Denmark came to England, where they affected the history and politics and the English language. Danish raiders attacked England many times with great violence. Sometimes the Danes would ask that the English pay them to go away. These payments were called "Danegeld" (Danish gold). The priests and bishops of churches on the east coast of England wrote a famous prayer: "deliver us, O Lord, from the wrath of the Norsemen!" "Norsemen" is another way to say "men from the north," or the Danes.

Much later, in the 19th century (1800s), Richard Wagner and other artists in the Romantic period made operas and other artwork about ancient Germanic culture. They liked the Vikings because they were not Greeks or Romans. They were the first to have the idea of Vikings wearing helmets with wings or horns on them and drinking out of hollowed-out animal horns. Some ancient Germans wore helmets with horns on them, but real Vikings did not. Wagner and his partners dressed the actors in the opera "Ring des Nibelungen" so they would look like ancient Germans and so the audience would feel like modern Germans came from medieval Vikings.

During the 10th through 13th centuries, when the Christian religion spread through Scandiavia, modern countries started to form there. They came together into three kingdoms:
These three Scandinavian kingdoms made the Kalmar Union in 1387 under Queen Margaret I of Denmark. In 1523, Sweden left the union. Because of this, civil war started in Denmark and Norway. Then, the Protestant Reformation happened, and Catholic and Protestant Christians fought each other. After things settled, the Norwegian Privy Council was abolished: it assembled for the last time in 1537. Denmark and Norway formed another union in 1536, and it lasted until 1814. It turned into the three modern countries Denmark, Norway and Iceland.

The borders between Denmark, Sweden and Norway came to the shape they have today in the middle of the 17th century. In the 1645 Treaty of Brömsebro, Denmark–Norway gave some land to Sweden: the Norwegian provinces of Jämtland, Härjedalen and Idre & Särna and the Baltic Sea islands of Gotland and Ösel (in Estonia). The 1658 Treaty of Roskilde forced Denmark–Norway to give the Danish provinces Scania, Blekinge, Halland, Bornholm, and the Norwegian provinces of Båhuslen and Trøndelag to Sweden. In 1660, the Treaty of Copenhagen forced Sweden to give Bornholm and Trøndelag back to Denmark–Norway.

Finland used to be part of Sweden in medieval times. During the wars fought by Napoleon, it became part of Russia.

Minerva (automobile)

In 1883 a young Belgian called Sylvain de Jong settled in Antwerp, Belgium. He started a bicycle factory there. By the end of that century he started producing motorbikes, and after a while automobiles as well. In 1903 he grounded the NV Minerva Motors' in Berchem (Antwerp).
A certain Charles S Rolls was Minerva dealer in England. The small 1 cylinder "Minervette" was there with its 105 Pound, the cheapest automobile. 
In the years after the fame of the automobile was rising enormous. Most important market for the constructor remained however England that took the biggest part of the production, followed by the Netherlands and France. 
From 1908 Minerva got a worldwide Knight licence. The Knight motor was a motor without valves, developed by Charles Y Knight in the United States. These motors were extremely silent. The company did well in several automobile racing competitions in Europe. 
After worldwar I, during which Sylvain de Jong and his engineers headed to Amsterdam, where they kept on developing parts, they returned to start up the production of luxury automobiles. The constructors star rose in the United States as well, American filmstars, politicians and industrials liked them cars as well (even Henry Ford had before the WW already one!). The car had the same qualities as the Rolls Royce, but was a little cheaper. With the economical crisis in the 30's, the company went bankrupt in 1936. The remains were taken over by another Belgian constructor named Imperia. Imperia putted the name Minerva on their automobiles for export to England and France and for the trucks (which Minerva had made before too). 
After worldwar II the company produced Land Rovers under licence for the Belgian army. Production of these 4Wheel Drives stopped in 1953. The company struggled for survival and made some Land Rover-like cars till 1956. But than the constructor diappeared completely. 


E. B. White

Elwyn Brooks White (July 11, 1899 – October 1, 1985) was an American writer.

He is most famous for his 1959 manual about how to write well in English, "The Elements of Style" (which was first written by William Strunk Jr. in 1918), and also for his three children's books "Stuart Little" (1945), "Charlotte's Web" (1952), and the "Trumpet of the Swan" (1970).

He also wrote for magazines and newspapers in the United States.

E.B. White won many awards, including a Pulitzer Prize.

E.B. White had 1 child named Joel White


Raffles Institution

Raffles Institution is an independent educational institution in Singapore. The school provides secondary education for boys only from Year 1 to Year 4, and pre-university education for both boys and girls in Year 5 and Year 6. The school offers the Gifted-Education Programme and the Integrated Programme. The schools is known to have 96 President's Scholars. The school alumni include first prime minister of Singapore, Lee Kuan Yew and the first president of Singapore, Yusof Ishak.

It was founded in 1823 as Singapore Institution by Sir Stamford Raffles, the founder of modern Singapore. It is the school with the longest history in Singapore. Its name was changed to "Raffles Institution" in 1868.

The current principal of Raffles Institution is Mr Frederick Yeo, who replaced Mr Chan Poh Meng when he left the school at the end of 2017.

Sir Stamford Raffles founded Raffles Institution on 5 June 1823, making it the school with the longest history in Singapore. Raffles Institution was along Bras Basah Road at first, where Raffles City is now. The school moved to Grange Road in 1973, and then moved to its current location at Bishan in 1990. The Grange Road campus is now the MOE Teacher's Network.


Archipelago

An archipelago () is a chain or group of islands. The word "archipelago" means "chief sea", from Greek "arkhon" ("arkhi"-) ("leader") and "pelagos" ("sea").

Archipelagos are usually found in the open sea; less commonly, a big landmass may neighbor them, an example being Scotland which has more than 700 islands surrounding the mainland. Many archipelagos are volcanic, forming along mid-ocean ridges or hotspots. Others are island arcs neighboring an oceanic trench. Many other processes create archipelagos, including erosion, deposition, and land elevation.

The four biggest countries that are mainly archipelagos are Japan, the Philippines, the United Kingdom and Indonesia (the world's biggest country that is an archipelago, according to the CIA World Factbook). The biggest archipelago in the world by size is in Northern Canada, the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, which is in the Arctic Ocean.

Baltic states

The Baltic states are three countries in Northern Europe to the east of the Baltic Sea and the south of the Gulf of Finland. They are, from north to south, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The languages that are spoken in these countries are different: while Lithuanians and Latvians speak Baltic languages (Latvian and Lithuanian), Estonians speak an Uralic language (Estonian).

By their culture and history, the Baltic countries are close to the Nordic countries. The biggest difference in the history was that the Baltic countries incorporated to the Soviet Union in 1940 (during the Second World War), but not the Nordic countries (with the exception of Karelia, a part of Finland which later joined the Russian SFSR). The three countries would become republics of the Soviet Union as the Estonian SSR, Latvian SSR, and Lithuanian SSR.

All three Baltic states had their freedom back in 1991, when the Soviet Union came to an end. However, the states all consider the Soviet occupation to be illegal, which has been supported by the United States, European Union, and United Nations. Today, the Baltic countries are some of the richest and most advanced countries which were part of the Soviet Union. They became members of the European Union and NATO in 2004, joined the Schengen Area in 2007, and became part of the eurozone by 2015.

Paganism was the religion of Baltic people before most of them took Christianity during the Middle Ages. Baltic paganism never died out and some people are still pagans.

Topography

Topography means "the description of shape". The word comes from Greek: ' "place" and ' "(I) write". It is an important part of earth science.

When you talk of the topography of the land, you refer to the landscape features like valleys, hills and mountains, rivers and lakes, or the coastline. Everything that describes the form of the landscape, is part of the topography. Topographic maps show topography.


Bornholm

Bornholm is a small, rocky island in the Baltic Sea. Bornholm is a Danish island.

The island is a popular holiday resort for Scandinavians, Germans and Poles. Many yachters come here in the summer.

At the end of World War II, the island was "liberated" by the Soviet red army, and held for several months after the German surrender. The island lies far east of the demarcation line between the allied forces in Europe. For some time the Soviet presence looked like an occupation. It was not until April 5th, 1946 that the island at last was free.
But then the Danish government took over and the island is today a Danish colony. But the struggle for a free island still goes on as it can be seen on this page Free Bornholm

Budapest

Budapest is the capital and largest city of Hungary. It was made as such in 1873. In that year, three towns on the River Danube, namely "Buda", "Óbuda (Old Buda)" and "Pest" were united. About 1.7 million people live in the city. Its highest place is "János Hill (527 m)."

Budapest has a humid subtropical climate with relatively cold winters and quite warm summers.

Celtic tribes lived there before 1 AD. Later, the Roman Empire transformed the first settlements into the Roman town of Aquincum. The Hungarians arrived in the territory of modern Hungary only at the end of 9th century AD.

Budapest also became the co-capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, a great power that dissolved in 1918 after World War I. The city was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, the Battle of Budapest in 1945, and the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.

Budapest has historical buildings, baths and parks.

The Roman Catholic cathedral, St. Stephen's Basilica, is in the 5th district of Budapest. The church is a Neo-Renaissance-style cathedral. It is one of the most significant church buildings in Hungary. The building is named in honor of the Hungarian founding king, St. Stephen (975-1038), whose right hand, the Holy Right, is kept here as a relic. With a height of 96 meters, it is the fourth-tallest building in the country and the third tallest in the capital after the Parliament and the MOL Campus. 

The former royal palace, the Buda Castle -as part of the Castle District- has been part of Budapest's World Heritage Sites since 1987. The Gothic-style royal palace was built in the 1300s and lasted until the end of the 1400s. Due to the Turkish occupation from 1541 to 1686, very serious damage was done to both the castle and the buildings of the Castle District. In the building of the palace, the National Széchényi Library has been located in the back, decorated with Art Nouveau elements, and the Hungarian National Gallery and the Budapest History Museum are located in the palace.

Also on the Castle Hill, the Matthias Church is a Gothic church with a great historical past. It was originally built in Romanesque style in 1015, but was destroyed during the Mongol invasion in 1241. The current building was built in the 14th century and underwent a thorough reconstruction in the late 19th century. After the occupation of Buda, the church was transformed into a mosque, during which the late Gothic frescoes inside the church were destroyed. After the liberation of Buda, according to the plans of Frigyes Schulek, it was restored to its second, Gothic state. During the Second World War, it was used as a camp by the Germans and the Soviets during the siege of Budapest.

The Hungarian Parliament Building, also known as the Parliament of Budapest after its location, is the seat of the National Assembly of Hungary, a notable landmark of Hungary, and a popular tourist destination in Budapest. It is situated on the Kossuth Lajos Square in the Pest side of the city, on the eastern bank of the Danube. It was designed by Hungarian architect Imre Steindl in neo-Gothic style and opened in 1902. It has been the largest building in Hungary since its completion, and the third biggest Parliament building in the world.

Further north, the building of the National Police Headquarters (in the common language “Police-Palace”) located in the Árpád Göncz City Center. Since its completion, its shape and size have been one of the defining buildings of the whole of Budapest in terms of cityscape. The plans were completed in the 1990s by József Finta and Géza Meichl, and their construction was financed by Postabank collaborating with the Hungarian police. 36,000 cubic meters of concrete and 4.5 thousand tons of rebar were used for the construction. The headquarters can be divided into two parts, one eight-story and columnar and the other sixteen stories and cylindrical, with police antennas at the top that extend 93 meters high. In 2007, an unknown person fired at the building with a machine gun.

On the south, in the 10th district of Budapest, located the transmission tower on Száva Street. With a height of 154 meters, it is the third-tallest structure in Budapest (after the Mount Széchenyi TV mast and the chimney of Óbuda Power Plant). The tower is well visible from the southern Pest region of the capital, but it can be seen in several lookouts of Buda too. It was built in 1987, and it is currently owned by Hungarian Telekom. As a backbone transmitter, it broadcasts digital terrestrial radio (T-DAB +) and digital television channels (DVB-T standard, MinDig TV and mobile phone DVB-H).

Other landmarks in Budapest are the Citadel, the Statue of Liberty, the Millenium Monument, the Zoo, the Hungarian National Museum, the Great Market Hall, the Dohány Street Synagogue and the famous thermal baths (Széchenyi, Szent Gellért, Király). Budapest is also known for the ruins of Aquincum, the capital city of the Roman Province of Pannonia.

It has the oldest subway-line in mainland Europe.

Twin cities of Budapest:




Santa Monica, California

Santa Monica is a beach town in California. It is next to Los Angeles, California, US.

It was made a city in 1886. In 2020, there were 93,076 people living there.

It is famous for the Santa Monica Pier that has many fun rides. 



Kuwait

Kuwait (Arabic: الكويت) is a small Arab country (about 17,819 square kilometers) in the Middle East.

Kuwait is the most socially progressive country in the Gulf region. It has a small and rich economy. It has about 96 billion barrels of crude oil reserves. Crude oil reserves are the oil that is still under the ground and has not yet been cleaned up. Kuwait has 10% of all of the oil reserves in the world. The country makes a lot of money by selling oil. This money is almost half of all the money the country makes. The oil money is also 95% of the money made by selling things to different countries (people call that exports). Also, the oil money is 80% of the money the government makes. Kuwait is now talking with oil companies of other countries to make oil fields in the northern part of the country.

Kuwait's weather makes farming hard (too little rain). Instead of farming, the country catches fish and buys food from other countries. About 75% of the country's water to drink has to be distilled (have the salt removed) or purchased from other countries.

In 1990, Iraq invaded (brought an army in to fight against) Kuwait. This started the first Gulf War. Kuwait's official religion is Islam, although 15% of its population are Christian or Hindu. Arabic is mostly spoken in Kuwait but English is widespread among Kuwaitis (residents of Kuwait). Kuwait is one of the few nations that has education for every age.

Another interesting fact about Kuwait is that a lot of people speak English.

As of 2023, Kuwait has a population of 4.82 million people of which 1.53 million are Kuwaiti citizens while the remaining 3.29 million are foreign nationals from over 100 countries. Of the total population of Kuwait, only 31% are Kuwaitis while around 69% are Non-Kuwaitis. Indians are the biggest Expat community in Kuwait making 21% of the population followed by Egyptians who are 13% of the population.
Population (in thousands) for 2004 2595. CBR(per 1000) for 2004 19.4. CDR (per 1000) for 2004 1.9. Growth Rate(%) for 1992-2002 2.1. the Total Fertility Rate for 2002 is 2.7. Percent population is living in urban in 2003 96.2.Per capita gross national income ($) 2002 612. Population Density( per square kilometer) in 2000 107.4
Infant Mortality Rate (per 1000)for 2005 9.95. Adult literacy rate (85%) female literacy rate (81%) (2002).

Kuwait is divided into 6 governorates. The governorates are divided into districts, And the establishment of the governorates of Kuwait dates back to the Emiri Decree No. 6 issued in 1962, which divided Kuwait into three governorates: the Capital Governorate, Hawalli Governorate and Al-Ahmadi Governorate. The decree clarified the work of the governor, his subordination of the governor to the Ministry of Interior, and his responsibility towards security, provided that the Ministry of Interior issues the necessary decisions to indicate the limits of the governor's jurisdiction. There have been some changes regarding the governorates of Kuwait, which we summarize as follows:

. On November 14, 1979: Some provisions of the administrative division decree were amended so that a fourth governorate, Al-Jahra Governorate, was added.

. On October 12, 1988: The first article of the article was amended to divide Kuwait into five governorates by adding Al-Farwaniyah Governorate.

. On November 27, 1999: Emiri Decree No. 290 was issued to add a sixth governorate, Mubarak Al-Kabeer Governorate.

Thus, Kuwait has become administratively divided into six governorates, each affiliated with several regions. Warba Island and Bubiyan Island belong to the Jahra Governorate, while the rest of the islands belong to the Capital Governorate.


Tiny Tim

Herbert Buckingham Khaury, better known as Tiny Tim (April 12, 1932 – November 30, 1996), was an American singer and musician. He became popular in the late 1960s due to his appearances on television, and songs played on ukulele with a falsetto voice. His most famous song was "Tiptoe Through the Tulips". His best-remembered television appearances were on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In" and "The Tonight Show". His first wedding took place on "The Tonight Show" in 1969, at host Johnny Carson's suggestion.

Tim was not just a performer, he was also an expert musicologist, who studied American music from the earliest days of the United States, and performed many historic songs in his act. Over time, he used his falsetto voice less, and performed most songs in his natural, baritone voice.

When his popularity as a pop star lessened, he performed in small nightclubs and other places, as he had earlier. During the 1980s, he toured with a circus, and appeared in a movie as a circus performer who turned to crime. In the 1990s, he recorded new music (including a Christmas album), and joined comedian Pat Paulsen in his latest mock campaign to become President of the United States, as Paulsen's running mate.

Married three times, his last wife was a former fan, who met him when she made a documentary about his life and career. One of his later supporters was radio talk show host Howard Stern. Tiny Tim died in 1996, after suffering a heart attack during a performance.

Kelvin

The Kelvin scale (symbol: K) is the SI unit of temperature. It is named in honour of the physicist William Thomson, the first Lord Kelvin (1824–1907).
0 degree Celsius = 273 kelvin

The Kelvin scale is defined by a specific relationship between the pressure of a gas and the temperature. This says that "the pressure of the gas is directly proportional to the temperature in Kelvin". This means that Kelvin is an absolute temperature scale, and scientists use this scale more than any other.

The kelvin is a base SI unit of measurement, since 2018 defined by setting the fixed numerical value of the Boltzmann constant "k" to 1.380649×10 J⋅K.

The temperature of the triple point of water is a hundredth of a degree Celsius above the freezing point, or 0.01 °C. The coldest possible temperature is called absolute zero and is equal to -273.15 degrees Celsius, or zero kelvin (0 K). By writing temperatures in kelvins one does not need to use negative numbers.

The absolute temperature scale was designed so that a change in temperature of 1 kelvin is equal to a change of 1 degree Celsius. This means that it is easy to convert a temperature from degrees Celsius to kelvin.

It is important to notice that the name of this unit is simply "kelvin" (with a lowercase initial), not "degree Kelvin". In English, it undergoes normal plural inflection as "kelvins". For example, the boiling point of liquid nitrogen is 77 kelvins.

In everyday use, the kelvin is most commonly used to measure very low or very high temperatures, such as the temperature of liquid nitrogen or the temperature of a light bulb filament.


Tourism

Tourism means people traveling for fun and adventure . It includes activities such as sightseeing and camping. People who travel for fun are called "tourists". Places where many tourists stay are sometimes called "resorts". Places that people go to for tourism are called tourist destinations.

There are many reasons why people travel for fun:

The tourism industry has different parts. Some of these are:

Package tour operators can offer all these services to a group who will go together. This can be cheaper than paying for them separately.

Tourism can bring damage to the local area, and/or the tourists. Litter, scuba-diving and deforestation are problems for popular places such as St. Lucia, Hawaii and others. Scuba-diving can damage coral reefs which are home to hundreds of species of sea animals. Tourism can change culture when people learn each other's ways, and certain local traditions are being put aside for tourists.



Berkshire

Berkshire is a county in southeast England. It is west of London. Its county town is Reading. In the past, a town named Abingdon was the county town, but this town is not in Berkshire any more.

Berkshire is also known as the Royal County of Berkshire.


The towns below are not part of Berkshire now, but were in the past.

Buckinghamshire

Buckinghamshire (abbreviated Bucks) is a county in central England, near the south and London. The county town is named Aylesbury.

Locations marked with a (*) are a part of the cerimonal county of Buckinghamshire, but are governed by the Borough of Milton Keynes.

Computer monitor

A computer monitor is an electronic device that shows pictures for computers. Monitors often look like smaller televisions. The main difference between a monitor and a television is that a monitor does not have a television tuner to change channels. Monitors often have higher display resolution than televisions. A high display resolution makes it easier to see smaller letters and fine graphics.

There are three types of computer displays:


Diameter

In geometry, the diameter of a circle is a line from one side directly to the opposite side through the center. It can also be defined as the longest chord of a circle. The same explanations can be also used to describe the diameter in a sphere.

The letter "d" or the symbol ⌀ are often used as a symbol for the diameter. The diameter's length is often called the diameter itself.

The diameter's length is twice the radius, and therefore the relationship between the diameter's length and radius can be shown with the equations:

formula_1 and formula_2


1958

1958 (MCMLVIII) was .







1904

1904 (MCMIV) was a leap year starting on Friday in the Gregorian calendar.




1745

1745 was a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.


1813

Year 1813 (MDCCCXIII) was a year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar (or a year starting on Wednesday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar).










Dominica

The Commonwealth of Dominica is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea. It is an English-speaking country. It is between the French-speaking territories of Guadeloupe and Martinique. The island is 751 km² (290 mi²) in area. Roseau is its capital. Portsmouth is another main town. Almost 70,000 people live on the island.

The currency of the island is the East Caribbean dollar.

The island's name comes from the Latin for Sunday, "Dies Dominica". It is not the Spanish-speaking Dominican Republic in the Greater Antilles.

The country is nicknamed the "Nature Island of the Caribbean".

Dominica is most famously depicted in Jean Rhys' classic prequel to "Jane Eyre", "Wide Sargasso Sea".

The indigenous Carib people lived in Dominca before it was found by Europeans. They called it "Wai‘tu kubuli", which means "Tall is her body."

Christopher Columbus came to Dominica in 1493. In 1763, it became a territory of the United Kingdom from which its independence was received on 3 November 1978.

In August 1979, Hurricane David, wiped out its entire infrastructure. On 21 November 2004, the island was hit by its most destructive earthquake in history; Portsmouth and the northern area were deeply affected.

On 18 September 2018, Hurricane Maria, the most powerful storm to hit the island, severely damaged its infrastructure and cut off all its communications to the outside world. The Assessment Capacities Project estimates that the hurricane has caused $1.37 billion in losses across the island, which is equal to 226 percent of its 2016 GDP. As of April 12, there are 65 fatalities confirmed across the island, including 34 who are missing and presumed to be dead.

In 1980, Dame Eugenia Charles became its prime minister, the first female government leader in the West Indies.

Dominica is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea. It is the northernmost of the Windward Islands.

Dominica is largely covered by rainforest. It is home to the world's second-largest hot spring, Boiling Lake.

Morne Trois Pitons National Park is a tropical forest with scenic volcanic features. It was recognised as a World Heritage Site on 4 April 1995.

Dominica is divided into 10 parishes, given below with their 2011 Census populations:

Cricket is a popular sport on the island. Dominica competes in test cricket as part of the West Indies cricket team.

Netball, basketball, rugby, tennis and association football are gaining popularity as well.



1923

1923 (MCMXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday in the Gregorian calendar. The Julian calendar was made obsolete starting that year, though Eastern Orthodox churches still use the Julian Calendar.















1931

1931 (MCMXXXI) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar.












404

404 was a leap year starting on Friday.


1651

1651 was a common year.


Playing card

Playing cards is the name for the 52 cards used in card games like poker, bridge, blackjack, solitaire and other games.

There are 52 basic cards in a deck (not including the jokers). These cards have a suit and a number (called the value or rank). There are 4 suits and 13 ranks in each suit. Decks may include a wide variety of regional and national patterns, and different deck sizes. The English pattern of cards is so widespread that it is often also known as the International or Anglo-American pattern.

Usual signs: spades (♠), hearts (♥), diamonds (♦), clubs (♣).

In some countries different suit signs may be used. In central Europe, there are cards with the suit signs of acorns, leaves, hearts, and bells. In Spain, Italy and Latin America, there are playing cards with the suits of clubs, swords, cups, and coins and Aces

2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, Jack or Knave (J), Queen (Q), King (K), Ace (A).

For many games, the Jokers are removed from the deck, making the total number of cards in the deck 52. Sometimes the deck is reduced to 40, 36, or 32 cards for playing certain games, like belote, sheepshead or euchre.

There are various types of tarot cards. Tarots are commonly used for fortune-telling, although they can also be used for playing games. Conversely, people have also used standard playing cards for fortune-telling.

Playing cards have been found in 9th century China, Tang dynasty.

Playing cards first entered Europe in the early 14th century, probably from Egypt. The suits were very similar to the tarot suits of Swords, Staves, Cups and Coins. These designs are still used in traditional Italian, Spanish, and Portuguese card decks.

The first documentary evidence is from Vitoria-Gasteiz (now Spain) in 1334, in which the Knights of the Band are forbidden to play cards. The next record is from Catalonia in 1371.
Wide use of playing cards in Europe can be traced from 1377 onwards.

The method of making cards has stayed the same for over a century. Cards are two thin pieces of paper stuck together with black paste. Both outer sides are printed. Inside is the design of the card face, the outer is the design for the pack as a whole. The black paste is essential to prevent sight of the face coming through when light shines on the face side. The use of the paste is the reason cards are sometimes called "pasteboards".

One or two packs at a time are printed on large sheets of paper, already pasted. The individual cards are stamped out by a machine which acts like a cookie-cutter. It cuts 36,000 cards per hour. A tiny fraction of a second later the edges of the cards are squashed extra-thin. This is not obvious to the naked eye, but the effect is that the cards slide easily past each other during shuffling.

Printed paper cards hold about 97.5% of the world market. Plastic cards do exist: they were first invented in the 1930s. They last longer than papercards, but have only 2.5% of the market.


Emperor

An emperor (female equivalent: empress) is a male who rules an empire. The word is taken from the Latin language "Imperator". Often it is capitalized.

A woman who comes to power in an empire is called an empress. The wife of an emperor is also called an empress. An emperor or empress is often a hereditary monarch and comes to power when one of his parents, or relatives, dies. In some countries, people elected a new emperor from candidates. 

The only emperor in the world today is the Emperor of Japan ("tennō"), but he lacks political power. The true leaders of Japan are the Diet and Prime Minister because the country is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy.

The English word comes from Latin, the language of the old Roman Empire. At first, an "imperator" was a powerful general (army leader) but, after Augustus, it was only used by their most powerful rulers. There have been many countries in history whose leaders are called "emperors" in English. The leaders of the Byzantine Empire ("basileus", "Autokrator") in Greece, the Holy Roman Empire ("imperator", "Kaiser") in Austria and Germany, Russian Empire, Serbia , and Bulgaria ("tsar"), and the Ottoman Empire ("sultan", "padishah", "khagan", "kaysar") in Turkey all said they were just new parts of the old Roman Empire. 

The leaders of other countries who said they ruled the whole world or called themselves "King of Kings" are frequently also called emperors in English. For example, the old rulers of China ("Huangdi"), Iran ("Shah"), and Ethiopia ("Negusa negast") are all known as emperors in English. There have also been emperors of France, Brazil , and Mexico, and the rulers of the United Kingdom called themselves the Emperors and empresses of India for a while.



Palmdale, California

Palmdale is the largest city in the desert area of California. It is a suburb of Los Angeles. It has a population of 169,450 and is the 6th largest city in Los Angeles County.

Even though Palmdale is in Los Angeles County, it is not connected to the larger Los Angeles population area. It is separated from it by a mountain range called the San Gabriel Mountains that are over 40 miles wide and almost 2 miles high overall. It is in Antelope Valley.

Palmdale is the home of several airplanes used by NASA and the Air Force, giving it the nickname of ""the aerospace capital of America.""

Palmdale Airport does not have any passenger air service.

The city's demographics is primarily Mexican and white.

The indigenous Kitanemuk were the first to settle in the area.

In 1886, when land in the Antelope Valley sold for 50 cents an acre, a group of 50 Swiss and German families migrated from the Midwest and settled in what is now known as Palmdale. They named their new community “Palmenthal” because they had mistaken the native Joshua trees for palm trees.

The high desert community of Palmdale has rich agricultural roots and a unique aviation history.

The City of Palmdale celebrated its 50th anniversary of incorporation on Aug. 24, 2012. It has consistently been one of the fastest-growing cities in California and in the country. Since 1980, Palmdale’s population has soared from 12,277 to 158,605. Despite its growth, Palmdale continues to cherish the small-town values of a family-oriented community while enjoying all of the conveniences of its booming retail and commercial sectors.

In 1772 Captain Pedro Fages, a Spanish soldier in pursuit of deserting sailors, crossed the southern part of the Antelope Valley into Leona Valley.

After the Shoshone Indians left the valley, immigrants from Spain and Mexico established large cattle ranches there.



Fresno, California

Fresno is the largest inland city in U.S. state of California. It has a population of 542,107 people (as of 2020). If the surrounding suburbs are included, it has a population near 1 million. It is the county seat of Fresno County, in the Central Valley.

Fresno is the closest major city to Yosemite National Park. Fresno has a major airport called Fresno Yosemite International Airport that has many flights by many airlines everyday. It was the first airport to use the new security systems made after the September 11, 2001 attacks.

Fresno has a semi-arid climate ("Bsh" in the Koeppen climate classification).

The majority of Fresno's immigrants are from Mexico, India, Laos, the Philippines and Thailand.

1955

1955 (MCMLV) was .








Popeye

Popeye the Sailor Man is one of the most popular cartoon characters of all time. He first appeared in a comic strip called "Thimble Theatre" by E.C. Segar in 1929. Popeye is a sailor who smokes a pipe and mutters things under his breath. He has only one eye, he is short and uneducated, but when trouble occurs, usually saving his girlfriend, Olive Oyl from his nemesis, Bluto/Brutus, he eats a can of spinach, and gets super-strength.

Over the years, He also appeared in a series of cartoons made for movie theatres by Paramount Pictures, comic books, arcade, video games, hundreds of advertisements, peripheral products (ranging from spinach to candy cigarettes). In 2002, "TV Guide" ranked Popeye #20 on its "50 Greatest Cartoon Characters of All Time" list.

Popeye was created by E. C. Segar and was inspired by a man Segar knew in Chester, Illinois: Frank "Rocky" Fiegel. Popeye would make his debut in the January 17, 1929 "Thimble Theatre" strip "Dice Island" as a rough sailor for hire. While originally introduced as a minor character (with the actual star of the strips then being Castor Oyl), Popeye's popularity eventually grew to the point where he became the main character of "Thimble Theatre", with the strip now focusing on his adventures and hijinks. Initially, Popeye was portrayed as a very strong and seemingly uneducated but very savvy sailor who would gain extraordinary luck and resilience when he rubbed the magical Whiffle Hen Bernice, but by 1932, he began to favor spinach, crediting it as a healthy source of strength. As the strips started focusing more on Popeye, he began to form a relationship with Castor's sister Olive Oyl after she had left her previous boyfriend Ham Gravy, and the two would eventually go on to become one of the most recognizable couples in cartoon history.

After Popeye's run in the original "Thimble Theatre", he would return as the main character in the 1948 comic book series by E. C. Segar's assistant Bud Sagendorf, which combined elements from both the original "Thimble Theatre" and the Fleischer Studios cartoons. His comic book appearances would continue for decades until the title's end in 1984.

Popeye's huge popularity led him to be adapted into animation, which would only be loosely based on "Thimble Theatre" due to the limited length of the theatrical shorts at the time keeping them from making proper full-length adaptations of the "Thimble Theatre" sagas, which resulted in the shorts being episodic. The huge success of the first "Popeye the Sailor" cartoon (which originally started as a part of the Betty Boop shorts) would ensure a long-running series of independent theatrical shorts for the now famous sailor. In the various cartoons by Fleischer Studios, he would usually have to rescue his girlfriend Olive Oyl from Bluto, his rival and sometimes friend or go on a daring adventure with Olive and his good friend J. Wellington Wimpy. Some of the cartoons take a different recurring approach, like him rescuing Olive from another threat, dealing with something alone, fighting a small enemy he cannot beat, or watching over his adopted son Swee'Pea. As these theatrical shorts deviated from Segar's strips quite a bit, many characters from the comic never made an appearance or only appeared once (like Castor Oyl and the Goons). However, other characters like J. Wellington Wimpy (who sometimes served as Popeye's sidekick), Poopdeck Pappy and, more rarely, Oscar would make semi-regular appearances in the shorts. Eugene the Jeep also made some appearances but would not be used as often as the above. George W. Geezil also made only two appearances alongside Popeye. Many of these cartoons mostly focused on Popeye's adventures and antics along with Olive and occasionally Wimpy as they tried to resist the antagonistic Bluto. While not appearing as a sailor very often (as Popeye was usually portrayed with a number of odd jobs) the stories in the cartoons would involve his brawling escapades or his adventures in certain areas of the world while doing impressive feats and preserving Olive's safety and their relationship.

During the World War II-era animated shorts, Popeye was a member of the U.S. Navy and his outfit was changed to a white Navy suit, and he would continue to look like this in animation from the 1940s through to the 1960s. During Fleischer Studios's final years of operations, the shorts they produced were WWII stories focusing on Popeye's heroic attempts to help America fight the enemy, mostly the Japanese and Germans. The cartoons with these battle scenes have often been banned from television for being considered too "politically incorrect."

Also, in the 1940s shorts, Popeye gained four nephews named Pipeye, Peepeye, Poopeye and Pupeye, who originally debuted in an earlier short within a dream sequence as his children, before being made recurring and turned into his nephews. However, their exact relation to Popeye remains unclear, and the parent of his nephews has never been properly identified.

Following the takeover of the Popeye animated franchise by Paramount Studios in 1942, the Popeye cartoons were now handled by Famous Studios, which made drastic changes which abandoned almost all traces of "Thimble Theatre" and focused largely on plots involving Popeye, Olive, Bluto in something resembling a love triangle, without many other characters appearing and with very few shorts deviating from that setup, which involved Olive falling for Bluto and Popeye beating him after eating spinach in an oft-repeated formula. Also of note are Famous Studios' remakes of Fleischer cartoons (such as "Goonland", itself a loose "Thimble Theatre" adaptation), heavily changed by Famous to remove all traces of Segar creations outside of Popeye, Bluto and Olive, i.e. "Popeye's Pappy" replacing "Goonland"'s Goons with what might be considered racial caricatures of Africans led by a Bluto-like cannibal, with the only thing in common between the two versions being the rescue of Pappy - who would go on to make only two more appearances after this (one of which contradicted the established fact that he left his son shortly after his birth). Supporting characters who were notable friends of Popeye and even had several appearances in Fleischer cartoons, such as Wimpy, Pappy and Swee'Pea, were featured less than a handful of times: Wimpy only appeared in three shorts (aside from flashback-oriented stories) and others such as Eugene the Jeep never appeared at all. Popeye's role as an adventuring sailor was also reduced to a point where he was barely ever seen at sea or in the Navy other than in a few shorts mostly from the war period, as the majority of stories preferred to avoid doing more adventurous and fantastical stories and focus on Popeye's everyday life, his vacation hijinks or the "love triangle" setup.

Popeye's portrayal in the animated adaptation (such as the theatrical cartoons and especially the Famous outings) has alternately been criticized for giving him a single means to solve all of life's problems (unlike in the older strips), or praised for bringing children to eat healthy. This reliance was most exaggerated in the short "How Green Is My Spinach," which presented Popeye as being helpless without spinach (and portrayed other vegetables as ineffective), spoofing the cartoons's own formula but at the same time providing a rather questionable message.

In the fifties, Popeye's cartoon catalog was sold by the Paramount studio to Associated Artists Productions for broadcast on television. Animated shows were also made for television in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.

In 1960, the first "Popeye the Sailor" animated television series was produced for first-run syndication which proved successful. Like the earlier theatrical cartoon series, it would use many elements that were already well known, mostly the basic storyline of Popeye trying to keep his sweetheart Olive safe from the hands of other male suitors while using spinach to remain fit and healthy. Unlike the theatrical shorts however (especially the Famous Studios shorts), this TV series made a more prominent attempt to bring back characters and elements from "Thimble Theatre" back to Popeye's side, such as his old friend J. Wellington Wimpy, who had been considerably absent during the Famous era, and the show even included characters who never had the chance to appear in animation, such as Popeye's old lucky charm Bernice the Whiffle Hen and even Alice the Goon, King Blozo and Rough House (yet while bringing in more "Thimble Theatre" elements, very few episodes were a direct or accurate adaptations of the strips and had no real continuity between them). Notably, the only character that failed to return was Bluto himself, who was instead replaced by his lookalike/brother Brutus, due to King Features incorrectly thinking that the former was not originally a "Thimble Theatre" character. While the show did involve Popeye's love life, episodes actually focused more on his adventuring around the world (and beyond) not unlike the Fleischer and comic strip incarnation, and also brought back other "Thimble Theatre" antagonists rather than relying solely on Brutus, like the sinister Sea Hag and Toar the caveman, who proved to be a true challenge for Popeye. As in the final Fleischer cartoons and most Famous shorts, Popeye still wore his Navy uniform, an exception being the pilot episode "Barbecue for Two", where he did wear his original outfit.

In 1978, Hanna-Barbera Productions, with King Features Syndicate, would produce a new "Popeye" television series, "The All-New Popeye Hour". Unlike the previous show, this series had higher-quality animation and was more akin to Segar's work and Fleischer cartoons than other Popeye animations, with Popeye more regularly seen as an adventurous sailor. Popeye's look was once again changed for this series, this time it was a permanent return to his classic outfit, however he still wore his Navy hat, making it something of a combination of both styles. The series also gave characters such as Alice the Goon more prominence, having her co-star with Olive in their own segment, "Private Olive Oyl". This show focused more on adventure than past animations: there were entirely new segments dedicated to sailing the seas and searching for adventure, as in "Popeye's Treasure Hunt". Popeye and the Sea Hag's relationship was also more accurate to the strips than the previous series, with the Hag wanting to marry Popeye, much to the latter's disgust. Oddly enough, Popeye's signature spinach can would have special effects on other characters, such as Olive and Swee'Pea, who would unusually turn into actual superheroes.

In 1980, a theatrical live-action movie called "Popeye" was released, featuring an original story written by Jules Pfeiffer, directed by Robert Altman, and serving as a more faithful adaptation to Segar's "Thimble Theatre." It brought almost every friend of Popeye's to the silver screen, although it showed the well-known sailor (as whom Robin McLaurin Williams starred) as having an initial aversion to spinach, and the setting took place in a port town called Sweethaven, created on the island of Malta by Altman's set decorators. It eventually went on to gross $49,823,037; more than double the film's production budget.

"Popeye" was produced as a musical, with original songs whose music was composed and whose lyrics were written by Harry Nilsson; however, Sammy Lerner's familiar theme for the character, "I'm Popeye the Sailor Man," was retained in the final sequence.

In 1987, the latest animated series focusing on Popeye was produced, entitled "Popeye and Son". The series was unique in the Popeye franchise for taking place later in Popeye's life, where he had finally married Olive Oyl, settled down and had a son of his own (a notable change considering the rarity of having well-known cartoon characters actually move on with their lives). The series shared similarities with its predecessor, "The All-New Popeye Hour", having various references to "Thimble Theatre" and other media in Popeye's history such as the theatrical film, with the cartoon taking place in Sweethaven. However, the series didn't prove as popular as its predecessors and was eventually cancelled after 13 episodes. Being the last animated Popeye series on television, it can be considered somewhat fitting that it ended at a later and happier point in Popeye's life.

In 2001, Popeye received a tribute show on Cartoon Network titled "The Popeye Show", which only featured classic shorts but also adding trivia info and facts about Popeye as well as occasionally showing unaltered original versions of the shorts, with the series going on to have 45 episodes.

In 2004, a CGI-animated TV movie titled "Popeye's Voyage: The Quest for Pappy" was produced by Mainframe Entertainment for Lions Gate Entertainment and King Features Entertainment. An attempt at a full-fledged animated theatrical film was also made by Sony Pictures Animation for release in 2012, with test animation made by Genndy Tartakovsky, yet production on this film has apparently remained on an indefinite hiatus.

In 2012, IDW Publishing began a brand-new Popeye comic book that primarily stays faithful to the character's original comic strip incarnation by E. C. Segar and Bud Sagendorf, and features countless throwbacks and references to Popeye's old adventures and even features the return of many (if not all) of the characters from the classic era. As the series is more faithful to Segar and Sagendorf's work, the plots of each issue follow more closely to the original format of the older comics rather than the cartoons, and the art even replicates Segar's style flawlessly. In 2013, IDW held a special crossover event where they depicted many of the settings in their comics as being invaded by the Martians from the 1962 trading card game and 1996 film "Mars Attacks", with Popeye facing off against the 1962 incarnation of the Martians in the special "Mars Attacks Popeye".

Popeye's unique and commonly used design is one that is immediately recognizable, being always depicted as a gruff-looking yet skinny sailor with a large cleft chin, a single eye, a mostly bald head and very large forearms with anchor tattoos, while his outfit normally consists of a black dress shirt with a red neckline and sleeves with blue edges along with blue pants, brown shoes and a sailor's cap. During his first introduction in "Thimble Theatre", Popeye's appearance was not too different from his current one, the only difference being that his nose was noticeably larger, his chin was slimmer and his forearms were less round and more angular (and also a bit hairy), but as Segar's talent continued to grow, the design would change to match the well known sailor seen today. This design would be his most iconic and most used depiction used in many media, and most notably the first piece of Popeye animated media by Fleischer Studios.

Following the attack of Pearl Harbor in 1941 by the Japanese which made the US take part in World War II, Popeye's design remained unchanged, however, in the cartoons he was now made a member of the U. S. Navy and given the appropriate naval attire, consisting of the standard white uniform with a black neckerchief, black shoes and a small Navy cap. He would continue to wear this outfit until the mid-1960s. During his Famous Studios run, Popeye's eyes were also slightly enlarged to look a bit more realistic rather than looking like black dots, and he was also portrayed as having two eyes in both Famous Studios and the 60s television series, which would occasionally be seen in several shorts.

When Bud Sagendorf began the Popeye comics in 1948, Popeye's design was changed to resemble his classic look but while still wearing his Navy cap from the war. His eyes were also changed back to their black dot appearance. His chin was also further enlarged with only a few minor changes due to Sagendorf's own unique art style. This design would continue to be used by Sagendorf's successors in Popeye comics, such as George Wildman, Bobby London and several others throughout the 70s, 80s and future newspaper comic strips depending on the artist, with Segar and Sagendorf's designs usually being interchanged. Sagendorf's design was also used in other 70s media and two cartoons, "The All-New Popeye Hour" and "Popeye and Son".

Since the end of "Popeye and Son," media and merchandise (outside the occasional comics) would continue to portray Popeye with his classic look or his Sagendorf design regularly, and only rarely using his Navy look.

Popeye's appearance is always the most difficult for cartoonists to duplicate because, as Sagendorf once pointed out, there is nothing normal about it. Sagendorf went on to admit that after approximately a year of attempting to do so as Segar's apprentice, he had to ask Segar to draw the character for him; he explained, "It turned out that if you didn't draw the eyebrows and eyes first, the nose second, the head third and the chin last, you were dead."

Popeye is a rough and tough sailor with a heart of gold who always does what he can for others and always doing what he thinks is best. He is brave and compassionate, as he will not back down against any foe and give them all he has got, but his compassionate nature makes it so he always tries to "defends the weakerist", as he cannot stand seeing the weak and helpless get abused. He also has a fondness for "poor dumb animals" and, similarly, cannot stand to see any animal being hurt for no reason. But he also has no patience for violent beasts who attack defenseless people or other animals for no justifiable reason, and he will be quick to turn them into mincemeat for their hotheadedness.

Being a sailor, he has a love for adventure and the sea, and will not pass up the chance to find new mysteries, lost treasures and grand adventures. While he is usually a treasure hunter of sorts, he is not greedy and always does his best to share with others and encourage others to do the same. Popeye has a dislike for things like monsters, ghosts and other such terrors, having faced several himself in his lifetime and would even pretend they do not exist, as seeing them terrifies him greatly, but he always manages to muster the courage to face off against any foe. Popeye's favorite food is spinach, and he always tries to encourage others to eat this healthy vegetable as it is a great source of "strength and vitality." He loves his sweetheart Olive Oyl dearly despite their rough start and will go to any lengths to keep her safe and make her happy, showing that he is a very chivalrous and romantic man, despite his rough, tough and gruff nature.

Popeye was born the son of Poopdeck Pappy and an unnamed woman in a typhoon in Santa Monica (with Popeye erroneously claiming to have been born at 2 or 3 years of age). Shortly after his birth, his father Poopdeck left home and was never seen again, and his mother's fate was unknown, leaving the young Popeye an "orphink" to be raised by an orphanage keeper who gave him the ID number of 185,764. As an infant, Popeye already had his signature pipe, presumably given to him by his father before leaving, and would only take it out of his mouth for his morning bottles of malted hardtack. As far as he could remember, little Popeye was impressed by early home training and exercised as soon as he was able, but avoided getting into serious fights until he was 4 years of age, where he had finally had enough of his orphanage keeper and let him have it. After this incident, it seemed as though Popeye's keeper became impressed with the child and decided to enter him in contests (similar to dog shows) where the young Popeye became a prize baby in many shows and always took great pride in his Bertillon measurements. Eventually, the orphan Popeye would fall on hard times upon leaving the orphanage, and was forced to wear flour sacks for clothes, but happily, the luckless lad was taken in by Whaler Joe at the docks, who even bought the young lad a new pipe and a fascinating straw hat with a radio antenna on it.

At six years of age, Popeye began to fulfill his promise of taking his exercising more seriously and started devoting himself to fights with the local bullies, easily laying his foes among the geranium flowerbeds, always promising to do so and never breaking his word. With Popeye around, the local bullies did not need the aid of any pliers or doorknobs to get rid of those useless bicuspids thanks to Popeye's left-right to the jaw. As Popeye's notoriety grew among the children, he inadvertently became a factor for good in discouraging his fellow rough-dock kids from crapshooting, doing so by being too good at the game himself, as he always got 18 straight passes when he rolled the dice. Despite his love of crapshooting, Popeye would be forced to sell his beloved dice for the lead in them after his guardian Whaler Joe fell on tough times. One day, Popeye set out on a boat with nothing but a bent pin and a spool of thread in hopes of helping his guardian by catching whales for him. Unfortunately, upon reaching the whale pod, Popeye realized he was grievously ill-prepared against the giant sea beasts who thrashed about his little vessel as they let out a loud horselaugh, which made Popeye respond with a quick tempered "Blow me down, you-!"—but before he could finish, the whales suddenly stopped. It was then that the largest whale, deeply offended, got on little Popeye's vessel and sprayed him with a mighty jet of water. This action infuriated the young Popeye so heavily that his anger became pure strength; he quickly got back on his feet and punched whale with all his might, instantly killing the proud alpha and proceeded to take on the rest of the pod. A triumphant little Popeye then returned home with a nice string of whales for Whaler Joe that night.

Upon reaching the age of 12, Popeye had startled everyone he knew by the sheer fact that he was now like a full-grown man, puberty having hit him hard as he now had to shave after every meal and he even had muscles so tough that they could be used as grindstones, with Popeye even renting out his forearms for just that purpose for some extra side cash. It was around this time that Popeye finally (but unknowingly) set out to sea, having been shanghaied onto a crew one night after some bilge rat put a mickey in his "sodie pop" to knock him out. After he woke, he found himself aboard the "Josie Lee" with a new crew bossing him around, so he decided to slip a "mickey" himself to everyone in the crew with his fists, including the captain. It was then that the "Josie Lee" began to drift out to sea and after a few days, Popeye realized that he liked this style of living and would go on to devote his life to that of the sailor's way, deciding to join the crew of the "Josie Lee" and begin practicing his "sailor's walk" from then on. Popeye then dedicated himself to sailing the seas, looking for fights and new adventure, as well as any clue to the whereabouts of his long-lost Pappy.

As the twelve-year old Popeye set off on his first voyage, he would end up losing the vision of his right eye in "the mos' arful battle" of his life. One fateful night, Popeye had just finished shooting craps with his five mates, who laid beaten on the deck of the "Josie Lee" with all their money on Popeye's side. It was then that the monstrous and bloodthirsty cook of the ship, an evil, beast-like man simply known as "The Ape," stepped forth, having had enough of Popeye's winning streak. Popeye knew a fight was inevitable and shouted out a "Blow me down!" before promising to lay the monster man "among the swee'peas" (the sweet pea flowerbed) as his resting place. However, the naive young boy (who always kept his promises no matter what) realized that there was not a single flowerbed of "swee'peas" in sight, with the exception of a bed of sunflowers on the ship. The flustered Popeye kept looking around the boat with his good peepers for any sign of a flowerbed to keep his word on, but before he knew it, "The Ape" pounced on the unsuspecting rookie sailor and a fierce onslaught ensued with The Ape showing no mercy and laying down a gruesome punishment on the sailor, with Popeye never being able to see another flowerbed with that one peeper of his again. From then on, those at sea would refer to Popeye as "Pop-Eye", after his popped eye.

Despite this gruesome defeat, Popeye did not weaken or falter and only became more dangerous from the experience, and he quickly recuperated and continued his service as a sailor on the "Josie Lee", continuing to make his regular nightly rounds, winding the anchor watch, always staying in front of the mast so he could say "Blow me down!" when the wind hit the sails and always keeping his fists tough while walloping his foes with only his left fist, for if he used his right fist, he would be unable to control his strength without obliterating his opponent due to not having his right eye to be in synch with his fist anymore. In those days, one had to be a brave or foolish mariner to incur Popeye's wrath.

It was around this time that the teenaged Popeye started embracing a chivalrous oath of gallantry, possibly due to the mature nature of his shipmates, with him often refusing to involve himself in the haughty and lewd conversations they had about fair maidens. His chivalry reached its peak one day when an albatross landed on the deck of the "Josie Lee". The hapless little bird was suddenly grasped by none other than the ship's cook, "The Ape", who hoped to make some "Off" out of the poor bird. Popeye then noticed that the small bird was wearing a pair of tiny lady's shoes, making him realize that this albatross was a lady bird, or "Albatress", as he called her. Popeye then wound up his fist and let "The Ape" have it with a mighty blow to the jaw (while also unintentionally getting a revenge of sorts). With the little female albatross now saved, Popeye apologetically bowed before the little bird and said "maybe you is somebody's sister, tha's a fack! Nobody but a criminal would do a hurt to anybody's sister!", and the little bird happily went on her way.

Around the age of 14, when ships were wood and men were iron, young Popeye became a member of the Sea Dog Club for sailors, where he would meet his good friend Bill Barnacle. The two would then join the crew of the "Mary Ann" for an unknown voyage. On a dark night, the "Mary Ann" began ringing in an ominous and unusual tone not unlike the sound of bones and skeletons moving when suddenly the moon became blood red. The two shocked sailors could only look on in horror as they saw numerous indescribable beasts clinging to the side of the "Mary Ann", led by a sinister being. The next morning, the duo and their skipper found five of the crew missing with no trace of them left behind. All that was known was that their frightening encounter aboard the "Ol' "Mary Ann"" would forever remind the duo of the all-true horrors that exist within the seas.

